Eines der meistbesuchten touristischen Ziele in Philadelphia ist sicherlich das Betsy Ross House. Hier lebte die bekannteste Näherin der Vereinigten Staaten.

Nach einer Legende soll Betsy Ross mit ihren Kindern die erste Flagge der USA genäht und diese George Washington präsentiert haben. Die erste Flagge der USA hatte 13 Sterne und 13 Streifen, die jeweils eine der 13 Kolonien darstellte. Keiner kann aber wirklich nachweislich sagen, ob sich die Geschichte auch wirklich so zugetragen hat.

Betsy wurde als achtes von siebzehn Kindern der Quäkerfamilie Samuel und Rebecca geboren. Ihre sterblichen Überreste sollen sich auf dem Hof des Betsy-Ross-House im Schatten der großen Ulme befinden.

Man hat hier die Möglichkeit, das im Jahre 1740 gebaute Haus von Betsy Ross, mit seinen vielen kleinen Zimmern und engen Treppen zu besichtigen. Man bekommt hier einen guten Einblick in das frühere Leben. Darüber hinaus gibt es noch einen kleinen Souveniershop und man kleinere Snacks und Getränke kaufen. Im kleinen Innenhof finden auch häufig Veranstaltungen statt.

Der Eintritt beträgt für Erwachsene 5$ und für Kinder 4$, sowie 2$ für die optionale Audio-Tour. Das Betsy Ross House hat von April bis November täglich geöffnet. In den übrigen Monaten sind die Besichtigungszeiten eingeschränkt. Ein wirklich netter historischer Ort.
Wow, this is a must stop for anyone visiting the city of Philadelphia!  My husband suggested we visit and I am glad we did.  Betsy Ross is such a hero; now for those of you who don't know who Betsy Ross is (or maybe you do know my apologies), she made the first American Flag during the colonization of the first 13 ratified states in the US.  Betsy's house is charming and beautiful.  The city of Philadelphia did an amazing job restoring the house and recreating Betsy's furniture, linens, kitchen, bedroom and the living room.  During your visit to her house (which is the actual house and location where she lived) you learn that she had to hide the America flag from the city or she would have been tried for treason.  Betsy Ross hid the flag in her bedroom (as pictured below) and carefully sowed each star on the flag to represent each on the 13 states in the East.  I loved exploring the house and learning about the story of Betsy and how she became an iconic American hero to the United States and with a $5 admission fee, it is definitely worth the visit.
It's a bit cramped and somewhat overrated, but what do you expect? The myth's always better than reality.

Wait, we're talking about the Betsy Ross House? Oh... I was too.

If you're in the area, stop on in. There's a gift shop on the grounds, plenty of photo opportunities, and shady seating. Inside the seamstress's house are tight stairwells and a glimpse into a (probably) historically accurate window of Betsy Ross's time.
One of the landmark/attractions in Philadelphia. Seeing the first USA flag hanging on the wall.... just like seeing a piece of history! There is a gift shop next to the small museum. Love the courtyard under the tree shade. Perfect place to take a break while walking around the city. They also have to the "story-time" area, it is interesting to learn some history. Very informative!!
betsy ross lived in such a quaint and dainty house. i remember taking a field trip here and actually paying attention during the tour. the house itself is fascinating being as that it is like 250 yrs old and still in basically pristine condition. i also love the 'bandbox' style of the house and how it has one room on each floor and a winding staircase stretching from the cellar to the upper levels. what is odd though is how its called her house when in fact she only actually lived here for a mere 12 years (1773 to 1785)
It's pretty hard to hate on this affordable glimpse into American history, so I won't.  I will say that the house is tiny, compounded by ultra narrow, cramped staircases that made me happy we were visiting late morning and not during a more crowded, peak time.  I suggest you do the same:

Beyond that, this was an enjoyable, educational diversion.  Since I haven't evolved much beyond the age of ten in the way I learn, my favorite part was when faux Betsy Ross explained how George Washington and his crew initially commissioned her to create six-cornered stars to stitch onto the American Flag.  But she insisted to them that five corners would be much easier, proving it by speedily folding a piece of paper and cutting it with a single snip to create a perfect star.  They were sold, and the rest, as they say, is history. Or is it herstory?  At any rate, the deal is, faux Betsy Ross re-enacted the cutting of a five-pointed star for us all to see, and it was pretty awesome.

When you enter, you're given the option to do an audio tour, but we were short on time, so we went the independent route.  I'd say the whole experience took maybe 30 minutes at most.  

Be sure to budget some time for the Gift Shop and to pay your respects to Ms. Ross, whose gravesite is located in the courtyard as you enter and leave.

And in a totally unrelated note cause duh... delicious pastries, I'd highly recommend Ici Macarons across the street.  It's a great spot for breakfast when the Croissants and whatnot are at their best, but I'd be happy to stop there anytime.  As, I'd venture to guess, would you.:)

ps Elfreth's Alley, aka the nation's oldest residential street, is nearby too.
When you have limited time in Philly, it's nice to sneak in a few patriotic stops. So our group made our way to the Betsy Ross House. 

Fun fact: Betsy Ross only lived at this house for three years, but the important thing is that she lived there when she created the original American flag.

That is just one of the facts we learned.

You enter the house complex via the courtyard, which contains her grave. For $5 you get the self-guided audio tour, and at each numbered stop, you hit the number on the audio player and hold it up to your ear to hear.

We made our way up the stairs to first explore the upstairs bedrooms. 

Important to note: The stairs are very narrow and somewhat steep. It got a little crazy waiting on folks to move through and straining to see everything. I wish the front desk staff better controlled the number of guests on a tour at one time.

Throughout the tour, you learn about Betsy Ross' entire life, including her Quaker upbringing, loss and husbands.

The whole tour took about 30 minutes.

This tour provides a good way to retrace the steps of history.
Betsy Ross - tale or truth? Well, of course I'd love to believe she was revered woman that she was sought out to be at this museum (and her home). To cast doubt on her role in history is absurd, in my eyes. Anyway, I enjoyed taking this tour with my family. Take the self-guided tour; they even have one for children. It's super helpful to get a deeper understanding of each station in the museum/house. I am all about history and who knows if everything that we read about really, really happened. Surely, it wasn't that easy to document events that accurately back then. Who really knows if what was written about an occurrence really happened? Nonetheless, it's still interesting to dive into. Spend some time in the outdoor courtyard after the tour; it was quite peaceful. I hope to be back again in the future!
My group and I had limited time in Philly and wanted to do the quick touristy thing.  We were at Independence Hall, and Betsy's house was just down the road.  In the courtyard is a marked grave, and a fountain with cats.  I asked the gift shop if Betsy was a fan of cats, and she surprisingly said she had no clue, but the guy who designed the fountain did.  

The gift shop is tiny, and most of us opted not to take the tour due to time.  There is a Starbucks across the street if you need to find a Philadelphia city mug.
Apparently some people seem to not want to bother coming in here. Actually just after we paid our admission ($4) another group came in and were grilling the dude at the counter: "is this place interesting?", "Should we bother going in there?", "what is there inside?". I thought they were being annoying and was glad they decided to leave so I wouldnt have to listen to them while we were inside the house. 

Anyway, the house is really interesting and though its not a long, theatrical thing I enjoyed reading all the little facts displayed at various spots throughout the house. I liked being able to see her room.... and there is even a document inside that she even signed 'Betsy Ross'. It was really cool! 

The self-tour takes about 30 minutes or so... its not a large house but like I said, there are some things to read inside so I stuck around and read everything. 

I think it was a great stop on our visit to PA but after seeing the group of people who came in after us I guess it something you either are interested in, or aren't. 


I loved it and would recommend to anyone.
The Betsy Ross House is a very cheap historical tourist thing to do while you spend a day learning about American history. For only $5 you can visit the home where Betsy Ross and her husband, John Ross, once lived and for an additional $3 you can get the audio tour. However please note that it is believed that Betsy Ross only lived here for a short time of her life.

My husband and I came here on a Thursday afternoon, a little before 3 pm. We walked through the courtyard and into the gift shop to pay for admission. We decided to forgo the audio tour and just read all of the little boards. From this tour, you will learn that Elizabeth, or as commonly known as "Betsy" Ross was born into a Quaker family. She did her apprenticeship with an upholster and really learned the craft quite well. She eventually met his first husband, John Ross, who was also an upholster, and fell in love.

Being from a Quaker family, her family did not support the marriage of Betsy and John. They eventually opened their own upholstery business, which surprisingly General George Washington (yep that Washington) was one of their biggest customers. Unfortunately John passed away after being married for only 2 years, during war time. Betsy eventually remarried to a man named Joseph Ashburn, in which they had 2 daughters. But one of their daughters passed away after 9 months. Sadly her second husband also died too. Things weren't really looking that great for Betsy since she was now a widow again, before the age of 30.

Betsy Ross remarried a 3rd time, John Claypoole. He came to tell her that her 2nd husband died and eventually they fell in love. They were married for 34 years and had 5 daughters. Sadly only 1 survived into adulthood. 

The self guided tour of the house itself was very basic and it was bothersome to read the story boards around the house when there were several people crowding around it. My husband and I would just come back to those boards to read once people moved to other parts of the rooms to read. One room that I thought was interesting was when we met an actress who played Betsy Ross in which she would tell visitors about her life and could answer questions. She also taught visitors how to cut a 5 pointed star (you may pick up a small handout at the gift shop if you would like a copy or check out my photo), stating that was much easier to make a 5 pointed star instead of a 6 pointed star how George Washington had initially intended for the US Flag to have. 

Now there is some controversy that Betsy Ross did not create the first flag. Whether you believe that or not is your own opinion. But the history is here to learn about her life and how this may have come to pass (or if it is a legend that she made the first US Flag). 

Overall, this was a nice little tour that we completed in about 30 minutes. I wouldn't make a special trip to go out here, but if you are already touring other places like Independence Hall and The Liberty Bell, then consider making a visit. 

Please note that inside the home, there are narrow, spiral steps that are not handicap accessible. Also there are restrooms located downstairs in the gift shop basement. 

And lastly in the court yard, you can find Betsy Ross's grave. If you are interested in listening to free story telling, there is an employee who is out there that does that at various times. Also there is a small little food cart that sells soft pretzels, water ice, water, hot dogs, chips, etc in case you are hungry.
The Betsy Ross House is a nice little detour while out in Philadelphia.  It is kind of hidden in plain sight.  I'm sure that if I hadn't looked this place up online ahead of time, I would not have known of its existence.  I am also glad that I looked this up beforehand because I was able to purchase my ticket and select my time of visit which made for a speedy entry into the house itself.

To note, the courtyard and gift shop are free to visit.  Evident by the number of tours that stopped in the area and did a quick once around the area.  There are a number of seats in the courtyard that one could take in the weather, but I did notice that it was not the most used place in the city.

If you were to come here and assume that is the only thing available to do, you would be incorrect.  The real draw here is the house proper.  One thing to note, even though this The Betsy Ross House in name, the fact that Betsy Ross was nothing more than a resident of the house as she was considered a renter.  Probably why this place went through so many changes and nearly met the wrecking ball before being saved and preserved.

Why doing your walkabout of the house, don't feel like you are being pushed through here by others.  What I can say is do this at your own pace.  Others that come here like to race through here and then say they were bored with it.  Those people don't understand history and just like to complain.  Like I was saying, take your time.  By that, read everything as it is explained to your what happened where and who was in the home.  

The staff here were pleasant and somewhat enthusiastic to be doing their job.  They were helpful and quite descriptive when answering questions.
Not going to lie, I grew up in Philly and this was my first time at the Betsy Ross House. It's very small, but gives you a good picture of what colonial, city life could have been like. You take yourself on a self guided tour through the house, but they do have headsets available for you to listen to at each stop.

You enter on the sitting room level. After that you make your way up the stairs to where the bedrooms & upholstery room are. The curators have done a good job to keep everything historically accurate, including showing how the flag would have been draped during sewing. 

My favorite part though was the basement/kitchen area. They show you what things would have looked like, but make it very hands on for kids. 

If you have time to stop in during a visit to Old City, then do!! Your visit won't take long and hopefully you'll learn something new.
I really enjoyed visiting this place. We skipped the audio, but took our time going through the house, reading all the signs and chatting with "Betsy." She even speaks the way they spoke back then! 

I agree with others who have posted, if you're not into this kind of stuff, you can check out the gift shop and/or have a snack and enjoy the courtyard like my husband, preschooler, mother and niece did. They appreciated that as much as the rest of us appreciated the history lesson...everyone was happy!
Unless you are really interested in seeing this house and a true history buff, I wouldn't recommend a stop here as there are other interesting historical sites to see in the city. Admission was $5 in June for the self-guided tour and it was to view 6 small rooms in the house ($2 extra for audio). There are blurbs of text to read here and there and a few glass cases with donated pieces. The only room you can take photos in is the one where you can talk to Betsy Ross. You can finish viewing the house in about 30 minutes. Each room has some decor to show what it looked like at the time she lived there. 

FYI that the house has steep stairs and narrow staircases.
I think I learned more at the Betsy Ross house than i did at any other museum that I visited in Philadelphia.  I had of course always heard the fact that she made the flag for Washington but her story and the story of how the flag was made was really interesting.  

The Betsy Ross house is located near all the other attractions like Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell so it's easy to get to.  The self-guided tour is 5.00 but it's an additional 2.00 for the audio tour which I recommend highly.  Betsy and her husband did not live here long (or in the area as this is probably not her exact house) but while here she made the flag in secret since there were many British in Philly at the time.   No one even knew she is the one who made the 1st flag until her grandson spoke at an assembly 40-50 years after her death.  Here you will find the only document that she signed as Elizabeth Ross because she was widowed twice and married 3 times.  The home is small and takes all of 30 minutes to tour.  There's a nice courtyard to chill in with a snack cart and oddly enough her grave.  There is also a gift shop of course because this is America damn it!
A quick $5 tour to see where the first American flag was born!  It was a great way to kick-off my day in Philadelphia, and would recommend going to anyone interested in learning more of America's history.

I went by myself and was able to make it through the house in about 40 minutes.  The house not only strictly talks of the flag, but also shows what living conditions were like in the 1800s, walking you through how laundry was done and how meals were made during this time.  There were hands-on learning activities in the kitchen and basement, and an interaction with Betsy herself!  I think this tour would be appropriate for history lovers of all ages.

Make sure to bring either your military ID or student ID for an additional discount!
Bottom Line:  A historical home that tells the story of Betsy Ross and inspires modern day patriotism.

The Betsy Ross house is a historical home dating back to the 1700s that tells the story of Betsy Ross who is accredited with sewing the United States' first flag.

Reservations are not required to tour the 250+ year old home.  To tour the house, enter through the gift shop.  Visitors can either take the self-guided tour for $5 or for $3 more take an audio tour.  While you can still learn the history of Betsy Ross by walking through the home and reading the signage, I highly recommend the audio tour.  For me, I like to be able to listen to narration while looking around at artifacts.  

The tour probably took about 30 minutes.   The tour includes the parlor, two bedrooms, Betsy Ross' upholstery shop, the kitchen, the cellar and her grave site.  The tour requires climbing and descending tight spiral staircases.  Much to my surprise, we even got a chance to chat with Betsy Ross about sewing which was fun. Even though the tour doesn't end at the gift shop I think I am just now conditioned to checking out the gift shop at the end of any tour so we spent about ten minutes in there too.  That was also where the drop off is for the audio tour device.

To me the hallmark of a good museum or historical site is one that inspires me, sparks emotion and leaves me wanting to know.  The Betsy Ross House checked off all three.  In the moment it was a four-star experience but after some reelection, the Betsy Ross House gets a five-star review from me for sure.

What I enjoyed most about visiting the Betsy Ross House is learning more about her.  Betsy Ross was undeniably resilient - she was widowed three times, endured the death of two infant children, suffered through the losses of many other family members and had many other struggles before going completely blind during her last three years of her life prior to passing away at 84 years old.

After doing some additional research, I learned that Betsy Ross *might* have lived in this home and *might* have sewed the first flag for the United States.  Whether that is entirely true or not it doesn't matter to me.  I still left this lovely historical home with great appreciate for Betsy and a deeper sense of patriotism and who can argue with that?

Specials thanks to Carol Spacht and Jennifer Gray for whisking me away in their magical time machine back to 1776 and introducing me to Betsy Ross.
According to wiki (and the house sort of as a quiet disclaimer): "Although the house is one of the most visited tourist sites in Philadelphia, the claim that Ross once lived there, and that she designed and sewed the first American flag, sometimes called the Betsy Ross flag, are considered false by most historians."

So it *is* a thing you can do, but it is a false thing. It's kind of cool as an old fashioned house. When I went, they had a demonstration on how they made chocolate in colonial times and a couple of historic figures that would offer demonstrations (a laundress and kitchen worker) so it was interesting to talk to them. It's only $5. It's just inauthentic and really just a tourist trap. It's an okay use of time, but don't make a bee line for it.
I visited Betsy Ross house not long after I became a U.S. Citizen, so felt it was part of my duty to learn more about this American Icon and I am glad I did.  The house is interesting, the historical facts about the life of Betsy Ross was also fascinating.  She was an amazingly talented artisan who did a lot of her sewing BY HAND.  Most of her work included making curtains/window dressings,  upholstery for furniture, and of course, she sewed the first U.S. flag, again.....BY HAND.   Not only was Ross and enterprising, hard-working woman who loved her country, but she also found great pride in supporting her fellow local artisans.  Whenever Ross' workload was too heavy for her to cook and bake her own food from scratch, she purchased prepared foods from scratch from the local Farmer Markets.  She also had sewing machines and I am certainly not against using sewing machines, I am just always impressed when seeing the work of an individual who sews well without a machine.

It costs $5 for the self-guided tour and an extra $2 for the recording via headphones, and I found both to be very much worth it.  The staff are all very friendly and helpful and the gift shop is adorable.  I purchased two gorgeous cobalt blue pint glasses from the gift shop and gifted one of them to a relative.  If you only want to go into the gift shop, there is no charge for that.  Please consider buying from them as it helps the local economy. I'd rather prefer to see people working at Betsy Ross house than Mc Donald's or Walmart.

I actually loved visiting Betsy Ross house so much, that I look forward to going back again, but am holding off until the next time that friends or relatives are visiting me in Philadelphia so that we can go together.

For the record, my dearly departed Mother taught me to sew when I was aged five and I will always cherish the moment that she taught me to thread the needle and begin my first stitches.   It is my belief that many Americans do no seem to respect the importance of the art and science of sewing.
Great piece of history, good for kids - it's not so long a presentation/tour that they lose interest.

It's a little bit touristy, but not so much as the Liberty Bell.
Synopsis:  Another American icon!  It's quite conspicuous place with fencing, a old house, and a sign.  You can't miss it if you're on the street.  At first, it just looks like a small brick-walking park and a statue with a house, which you may think is for tea.  But you step in, and you're amazed by first the gift shop, and with your student ID, the house.  The gift shop had your usual, shot glasses, but the most appealing and amazing thing I got were the red and blue sunglasses!! 3.50 THEY WERE MINES!  What was also awesome are the little myth-busters and the fact they have a fake "Besty Ross" telling you her story of life.  She even gave us a little spooky tale of the house.

Environment: As mentioned before, it's a small park-like place. It almost looked like a house you would go to for some tea with the queen.  YUM!  Upon entering the place, you see a fountain like object with two statue cats.  Behind that is the gift shop attached to the actual historical house.  The house was quite huge for the time it was built, and it was nice!  4 floors, which includes an inaccessible attic and a basement. 

Myth-Bustasss: These facts were the most intriguing, I found.  It was games that helped you remember the history.  Quite a delight to the whole thing.  American history in the light of contemporary humor:
1) Myth: ceilings were low due to people being smaller in the past. Fact: The reason why the ceilings were lower back then because it required less electricity to make the house warm.  NICE!  The average height of people during that time were only 1-1.5 inches shorter.
2) Myth: Beds were smaller back then
Fact: Beds were made to order and were customed to the person ordering them.  The bed we saw in the house was a Queen-size bed.  I couldn't believe it.  WOW!

Employees: They were really nice with a smile and a "Welcome" at the door. While you're in the house, there is a "fake" Betsy who talks about her life and what she had down while making flags during the war.  Prior to meeting her, Philamer stated that she felt something touch her skin even though no one was there.  I laughed and made comments like, "Besty girl, where you at!  Where you at?"  And then a voice responded, "I am here."  We both FREAKED out. But it was only the fake Betsy.  Hahaha. Oh my!  But the Betsy imposter did inform us that the only scary thing that she has witnessed was the fact that the sensor alarms go off.  Most recently it has been going off more often than usual.  AAHHHHHHHHHH!!!

Cost: It was free to get into the gift shop, but going into Besty Ross' house was..I forgot.  Although if you have your student ID, you get it a buck cheaper.  I have my college ID, so that makes me a college student. Hahaha wink, wink.  I even got to use it and get a discount for Joe and Philamer!  WOOT WOOT!  I'm bad, you know it!
So I don't think that the Betsy Ross house is worth the money and it's $5 or less per person. 

You literally get to 4 rooms in tiny house etc.
There is nothing really that interesting or educational here.
This was a great stop. To get to see the home of one of Americas great is truly amazing. The house, the flag and her part were truly a high point in our trip. Thank you Ms. Ross!
Hard to believe I have never been here as an adult since we live so close! 

Love the events - great way to mix history with fun (even in the midst of a pandemic). The Valentine's Day event in conjunction with Art in the Age was what lured us in. I love how they mixed history and supporting other local businesses.

I don't consider myself a history buff, so I learned a lot of new things upon the visit - too. They did a great job of restoring the house and helping it tell her story. I will definitely go back if there are other events that tell more of the story, and I definitely will bring my niece and nephews when they come to town, too, so they can learn more about this incredible woman.
$5 tour of this adorable little house is really informative and fun. It's great to see what a boarding house looked like in the days of Betsy Ross; not to mention where she sewed the American flag.
It's easy to go through this small tour and it's rarely packed so makes navigation easy.
I haven't been here in 20 years but decided to go with our littles today to get out of the house! The house has been really well maintained and the audio tour gave a lot of great information about the origins of the flag- there was also a scavenger hunt version for the kids so they were bombarded with random facts which would soon lose their interest, which was nice as parents to be able to do something educationalOur kids loved the characters in historical Costume explaining what their jobs were in 1776! Betsy did a great job setting the time frame and the political current of the times and how she came about to live in Philadelphia and how she came about being selected to what will symbolize the United States of America! She did a great job at describing the street scenes and what was executed of the colonists back then! There was also a woman in the cellar showing us how the wash was laundered and what went into the making soap and the tools involved! The kids really got an idea of life back then and appreciate all the luxuries that we have today! All in all a great hour or so spent away from electronics!
The gift shop has some great little finds- I'm surprised as Ling time Philadelphians that we got sucked into buying a few things!
There is a $5 general admission fee to tour the house. They do have a $1 discount for military and other qualifying groups. Betsy only lived and worked here from 1776-1779. A very short time, but does not lose its importance. The house is small and it took my about 30 to 40 minutes to go through.  I recommend making this visit as part of a larger itinerary including the nearby Christ Church Burial Ground, the Liberty Bell, the Constitution Museum and Independence Hall.  The house is very educational and a large part of history. I learned a lot during my tour. There is metered street parking available near the house. The courtyard has a few socially distanced tables that you can kick back and take a break. The entire staff there is ultra friendly and very helpful.

They also have a Betsy Ross actress, who never breaks character there.  She roams the campus and gives an occasional speech in the courtyard. You end the tour, like most tours, in the gift shop. They have a nice gift shop which I purchased a few items from.

Don't forget to view Betsy Ross's grave. Her third and final resting place.
The Betsy Ross House was a lot more interesting than I thought it would be.  It's a small house, so it doesn't take much time to see, but it's worth a visit if you're in the area and enjoy learning about history.  And at $4 to $5 for a ticket, it's pretty affordable.

Located in the courtyard of the house is a cat sculpture that has absolutely nothing to do with Betsy Ross.  But it's cool.

[Yelp collections: East Coast 2016; Cheap Thrills]
The Betsy Ross House is exactly what you think it is, it's the original house where the seamstress Betsy Ross lived and where she sewed the original American Flag. There's a full tour of the house and interactive actors there who can tell you about the importance and significance of her work and contribution to the American Revolution.  They have both self-guided and audio tours available and it doesn't take too long to go through this either so you can add it as a nice stop along your tour of American History while you're visiting Philly.
Okay, so, as a historian, I have to tell you, Betsy Ross probably didn't actually live here.  They think she may have lived next door or nearby, but this is the house that survived from that era, so they fixed it up with some furniture like what she may have owned and called it the Betsy Ross House.  Oh, and there's no empirical evidence that Betsy Ross actually made the first flag.  Evidence suggests that Congress came up with the design, and no one knows who actually sewed it.  Her son was the one who started the Betsy Ross story.  But it's a good story, so who cares, right?  The house is a neat trip back into the eighteenth century, whether or not Betsy actually lived there.  The furniture is cool, and the self-guided aspect is great, especially since the place is tiny and hard to maneuver with more than a few people inside.  Just beware in the summer - it's disgustingly hot and very musty-smelling in there.  Also, be careful on the steps.  I think people were shorter back in the day.
The Betsy Ross House is one of the must do's while vacationing or visiting Philadelphia. Betsy Ross is known for producing the American Flags during the American Revolution. Her home sits on present day Arch Street in downtown Philadelphia. Across the street is a Starbucks, also on Arch Street. The hours for the Betsy Ross House are from 10am to 5pm. It's basically a 10-15 minute walk, depending where you are staying in downtown Philadelphia. I myself stayed at the Rodeway Inn on Walnut Street, so it was about a 15 minute leisurely walk.

The original house is draped with the American Flag on the side and another American Flag on the front of the house. The remainder of the house is a dedicated gift shop that had loads of people there, when I was there. It was pretty crazy. We can't go into the original house without buying a tour for a cost. They had a price list displayed, but I didn't want to pay that, so I just looked around and took a few photos from the inside. Its almost like anywhere, where they have gift shops for all tourist traps. It's pretty unreal! There were many items for sale, as well as t-shirts that bore the Betsy Ross Home name on them. I wonder if they do sell those well or not.

My stay here was at most 30 minutes before moving on to the next tourist thing. I kind of wished I did take that tour of the house, but I figured that, like The Paul Revere House in Boston, it would be mostly rehashed information about Betsy's life and how the flag came into existence. Stuff I can read in history books and online, if I felt the need to learn more about the subject. Betsy Ross and her husband's tomb were on the property as well. I guess in those days, they buried the dead near the house to be close to their loved ones or something. That's just creepy. Betsy lived in a 2 story home and it looked very homely from the outside.

I would recommend coming here, just for the history behind Betsy Ross and her flag making abilities. She is an important part of American history and sometimes we tend to forget that. My overall experience was a good one. While I was dismayed at the admission fee for the tour, it was free just seeing the house on Arch Street and being in the gift shop. It was good to see a piece of American history here in Philadelphia and I hope you do too.

Support local!

B+
I tend to think that Betsy Ross the person is more interesting than the house that she lived in...

It certainly has that "tourist's trap" feel to it with the gift shop attached and the curator in costume.  Sorry, but I think that's a bit hokey...

I thought that the "armory" exhibit where she was supporting the revolutionist cause by making musket rounds was interesting.  I also thought that it was interesting that she lived into her 80's, unusual for the time period I would have thought...

It's only $3 admission but still not one of my favorites.  I think that the humid weather was also starting to get to me and Betsy Ross' house wasn't air conditioned (of course)...
The great thing about Philadelphia is all the history and Betsy Ross obviously played a large role. I enjoy time travel now and then and visiting this house made me feel a bit more connected to the city. If you're in the city you should stop by because..why not?
We came here on a Sunday and made it right before closing at 5pm. The cost is nominal and the time needed is 30 minutes tops. The outside area has a nice courtyard the hang out in and that part and taking pictures of the outside do not require a ticket. Either does entering and shopping from the gift shop.

Once through the ticketed area, you can see the narrow passage ways and stairs that the house encompasses. My favorite, and the kid's favorite, was meeting "Betsy Ross" and having her tell her story from her perspective. She also taught them a neat star folding technique. The actress playing Betsy was also the most informative part of the house from a historical perspective as well.
This was a cool experience, and I honestly took a lot from it. The fact that they were able to keep the house intact and gives you an idea of what it looked like during that time. It's just amazing! You can tell that there is a lot of time and effort place in this historical location. The lady outside, dressed up as Betsy Ross, was very nice and was willing to answer all her questions. 
My only complaint was there was a very rude employee that was in the ticket booth.
 I asked the employee, "what's the price on to go inside?" 
She replied, "the prices are on the window," in a very rude way.
Other than that rude employee, this is worth the experience, and it's only five dollars according to the sign on the window.
Betsy Ross. Her legend is as American as Apple pie. Located in Old City across from the former "Real World house" and Starbucks- Betsy's favorite hangout, the  story continues as her doors welcome you to a time far forgotten but always treasured. In her courtyard is her final resting place shadowed by a sycamore tree. Throughout the season, actors can be engaging in combat or teaching youngsters how to fire a musket gun. Inside, the tour of the home is rather short but only because its so small! Not for anyone claustrophobic but coming down the same flight of steps does get a bit congested.  Many would not even fathom the thought of Betsy creating ammunition for our troops but in plain sight is proof of her service to the building of our independence.

A question may come up why the home is named after her when she only lived at this location for a short period of time.  The story goes that a 110 years ago,  an artist named Charles Weisgerber painted a portrait of Betsy presenting the flag to George Washington, George Ross, (her uncle ) and Robert Morris, the Chief financier of the revolution,  titled Birth of our Nation's Flag and it would win him a city wide contest that awarded Charles 1,000 dollars. No sooner did he receive his check that rumors flew about the house being bulldozed over to make room for factory space.  Charles would turn his award into thousands of certificates with his painting attached  and would gladly send one for the contribution of a single dime.  Would you believe he raised 2 millions dimes which is 2 hundred thousand dollars in all dimes!! Charles purchased the house and along with Atwater Kent resurrected the house that stands before you. 

So whether you believe her story or feel its a myth, her house stands as a symbol of what good works can come when people come together. 

American as apple pie...
The Betsy Ross house is a must see attraction here in Philly. You really do learn a lot about her and what she did for this country. The tour is kind of short and for the money I really do think there should be more but all in all it was a good experience.
Interesting and well-preserved, but might be more meaningful if you took the guided tour. As it was, it reminded me of all the historic homes that you can see at Greenfield Village in Detroit, filled with period artifacts. 

It's a bit odd that everything is Plexiglassed in (to conserve it, I suppose), but it does give an arms-length, germophobe feel. 

Did have a penny smashing machine though, amazingly! 

On a side note, I was told that one of the Betsy Ross reenactors married the nationally recognized Ben Franklin portrayer and they got married a couple of years ago! It's a match made in history!
The Betsy Ross House is a worthy stop in Philadelphia. It is a small museum so it should take you only about 45 minutes to check out everything even if you were being particularly leisurely. It is a nice way to look back to the past and how they lived then. 

The most interesting information I garnered from my visit is that despite this mental image I have of Betsy Ross as some gentle grandmother, she was a powerful person in her own right, especially during the times she lived in. She may not have designed the flag, she may not have sown the first flag, but she was a powerful lady regardless.

If you have just a half hour left to check out an attraction, The Betsy Ross House should be one of the contenders. Despite her reputation as the woman who created the first American flag being just the result of a successful PR stunt, she was an interesting woman nonetheless.

As a side note, the Once Upon a Nation Story does not have anything to do with Betsy Ross, but they have a stop here. On our visit, there was engaging show on a small stage in the courtyard. I believe this is aimed at children since most of the audience were young kids with their parents in tow. After the show, they stamped booklets for the kids, so I think the aim was to collect stamps after each show they attend. What a fun way to learn about history!
Really enjoyed visiting the Betsy Ross House. It is not a large museum but one worth visiting. The Betsy Ross story is well displayed at the museum and the oral history presented is very relevant and given from different perspectives. As you travel through the home you are able to see how life would have been in the late 1700's. There is also a museum shop which has some interesting souvenirs to purchase. No visit to Philly would be complete without stopping here.
This place was kind of like walking through a haunted house except it was educational. It's cheap and will satisfy the visiting tourist who just came from the Liberty Bell Center or Independence Hall.
I wasn't quite sure what to expect, stepping on to this historical site provided a unique insight to this famous figure of the American Revolution.

The house is well preserved, complete with a self-guided tour and historical actors on site (Betsy Ross & household worker) who talk to visitors and teach them about their work. 

The girl playing Betsy Ross was reserved in demeanor but otherwise inviting. Betsy Ross (yes she stays in character) talks about her work as a seamstress/upholster, the time it takes to produce different products (curtains, bed runners, upholster chairs) and how she came up with the flag (Congress originally wanted a six-pointed star, but it was too much time to cut out. She had a simple folding pattern for a 5-pointed star instead. It's little details that fascinate me).

The household worker was charming and warm, she discussed the housework that would be done (laundry, shopping, cooking) and how those tasks were performed. I will only say this: you people have no idea the labor involved prior to washing machines and detergent!

Staff in the gift shop and at the counter for the tour are pleasant and helpful. There are plenty of trinkets and souvenirs to choose from. Restroom downstairs.
Love this house!

Went with a friend & we did the audio tour.  Spend the money....seriously, it's only $2 more for the audio!  You will learn a lot about Betsy & her life.  Reading the signs & posts around the house are fine....but hearing the audio is better.

The house itself is small.  But remember, this house was from hundreds of years ago.  Their life was spent outside the house, not inside like we do now......

You are not permitted to take photographs inside the house, but you can in the sewing room where you will meet Betsy Ross herself.....okay, it's some lady dressed up like Betsy.  She will welcome you to her home & offer up an historical information you need.  Please address her as Betsy.  If you get the same Betsy I got, remember to take a picture with her.  I didn't & wish I had.

In the courtyard of the house is Besty's gravemarker.  She is buried there with her third husband, John Claypoole.  And there is a cool fountain out in front as well.

The gift shop offers up a few cute things.  Not bad on pricing.  

Definitely worth a stop for any American history buff.  I can't wait to go back!!!
Typically, I'm very against self-guided tours or audio tours. However, I think the Betsy Ross House was an appropriate candidate for those options. I have no complaints about the experience, I suppose, but it wasn't particularly thrilling or even educational. Ultimately, it would be a crime to miss out on this site so it's nice that there are multiple ways to take advantage. The price was definitely worth it and we made sure to take our time rather than rush through.
This tour is very interesting I recommend the listening device, because of how much Betsy has went through. The building she stayed at was small so you have to be patient on the tour the rooms were small and the amount of people who stayed there during that time period is crazy. But for the price $5.00 it's cool to see where our flag began.
I didn't get to visit the outside, but it was nice to see the outside. It's the lady who made our first flag or at least that's what the history books say! Great for you little American History buffs that want to complete their history tour of Philadelphia.
Wow what an amazing experience to visit the house of Betsy Ross where the first American flag was made. It was $5 for adults and an additional $2 for an audio tour, otherwise you can do a self guided tour without audio and read the signs. There are many artifacts to look at and read. It is well maintained and kept very clean. 

You can take photos but no flash photography and of course no eating or drinking. There are some stairs you have to climb up in the house just an fyi. It is an amazing experience to witness a part of history and I strongly suggest you go and check out the house when in Philadelphia.    

There is also a souvenir shop right at the begging of the tour where you purchase the tickets to enter. Everyone is friendly there so go and check it out! It's awesome!
Did she or didn't she? 

No one really knows if Betsy Ross really did sew the first flag, and no one really knows if she lived here when she did sew that flag, (if she did)!

That said, my family decided to do a day trip to Philadelphia to see Betsy's old abode, among other sites. What is not in dispute is that she did live here at one point, but not necessarily when she supposedly sewed the flag.

The house is well-restored to the period, although very little is left of the original.

Nevertheless, touring the house gives you a great sense of the legend, actual American history, and yes, some kitsch. 

There are lots of offerings for kids including small children, so it is a great tour for the family. And I have to say that Betsy's supposed story is inspirational and fun.

Next stop: Barbara Fritchie's House!!!
Another stop in the Philadelphia site seeing agenda.  The Betsy Ross House is a quaint little home which is historically the birthplace of the American Flag.  

It is a paid self guided tour which doesn't take very long to explore.  Audio tours are available with military and student discounts.  They also have Friday movie nights that is projected on the side of her home.  

It's neat to walk through history.  They have restored the home to represent the 18th century.  There are a few items that belonged to Betsy Ross to see. 

It was nice to see younger children doing the tour to see the history first hand.  It is full of information and I'm so glad I had the opportunity to experience it.
Definitely worth a mere $5 fee to tour the humble home of Betsy Ross. The outer courtyard is a nice place to relax and reflect. You may even see Ben Franklin moving around the courtyard too. Performers reenact scenes and stories from the past. There is a nice little snack bar with reasonable prices.  Once you enter the museum, you are immediately transported into the Revolutionary realm.  You will stand in the same room that General Washington was once in. There are many cool rooms to check out on multiple levels and yes, the staircase is steep.
This was a very surprising little venture I had. This might seem like a boring passable piece of the rich historical city that is Philedelphia, PA, but that would be a mistake you would not want to make. If you are ever able to take a trip to Betsy's house and your in for a pleasantly informative surprise. Plus they have a show for the younger ones that is absolutely hilarious to anyone over the age of fifteen. A really fun part of the string of historical landmarks in Philie.
I performed a wedding ceremony in the courtyard of the Betsy Ross house last October and all I can say is "WOW"!!  
The setting was beautifully done with flowers and large glass hurricane lanterns lining the aisle and fountain area.  We used the fountain as the setting for the unity candle....what a dramatic touch!   People were actually lined up on the sidewalk and in buses/ducks observing and cheering us on.  I hope I am lucky enough to book another ceremony here!
My kids and I showed up at the Betsy Ross House about 45 min before it closed on 7/18/17. My 2 youngest fell asleep along the way in the stroller, which was honestly a good thing haha!

Like everything else history related in Philly, the Betsy Ross museum is a must see. My oldest daughter read a book about Betsy Ross and specifically asked to go too...how does a mom say no to that?!

When we arrived, as mentioned, my little ones had fallen asleep. We walked thru the courtyard, which was very nice.  I loved all the bricks and plants.  Plenty of seating if you want to sit and relax for a few. We walked in, thru the small gift shop for our tickets. The staff person told me the museum could not accommodate strollers, but she fine if my littles slept in the stroller while I took the older kids thru the museum. What a sweetheart!!!!! I ended up taking one older kid at a time, as I didn't think it was her job to watch my kids :) 

Although we went thru the museum fairly quickly, both of my kids really enjoyed it. They were amazed by how old it was and the items displayed. My daughter, who had read about Betsy, recognized items in the home that must have been mentioned in the book she read.  We did not do the audio tour, but we didn't need it - my daughter told me pretty much everything I needed to know haha! 

Although small, definitely worth your time. Some pretty cute stuff in the gift shop too.
This pace was definitely interesting.  I had the self guide audio tour which helped.  They had two people there that were actors (betsy and another lady) who would talk to you in character.   Im not so into that but if thats your thing then you would love it.  Some other people were asking them questions and they stayed in character the whole time which i give them credit for.  All in all i would say it is a must see
Betsy Ross isn't very interactive but she's a pretty good role model.  She told her life story pretty well plus her contribution to The Flag.  The best day to see her at her house is on her birthday December 31st in Philadelphia.
    Yes Betsy Ross' Birthday is while the Christmas Electric Kite Displays at Franklin Square Park, 200 N 6th St, Philadelphia starts after 5:PM.              
     New Year Eve Fireworks will sound off at 6:PM & Midnight for New Year's Eve from the Deleware River.  
    All of this in one day has given Mr Peanut quite a crush on Betsy Ross and wants to go back every year for a secret date.  Mr Peanut asked Ross for phone number but she doesn't seem to know what that is.
Fun little historical tour. Easy and you can walk through it fairly quickly.

Cost $5 to do the tour. The main historical sites in Philadelphia are free but they charge here.

Was not busy at all.  

Cool to see once but would only include it if you have time to spare and have seen all the other sites Philly has.
Unless you have a young girl in your group you're looking to inspire, this really is a boring self guided tour that is not meant for those over age 10. It was nice to get a sense of how houses were laid out and occupied back in the 1700s, but beyond that it was a waste of time and money. It's worth seeing the house, but not going inside.
Let's put it this way: it's $5. The self-guided tour takes all of 10 minutes to complete and that's with reading every little thing. It's super tiny and cramped especially with huge crowds. Glad I didn't spend that much money on it. There's also no evidence to support that GW asked BR to make the first flag so I had that running through my mind the whole time. I'd personally skip it if I had to do it again but it might be cool for little ones to see it?
I spent about 20 minutes walking through this house, and I read *everything* - this is a great side trip with other Old City sights. The woman playing Betsy was absolutely fantastic and she cut Betsy Ross' famous five-pointed star. 

I thought this would have been really hard to enjoy if school groups had been going through at the same time. There were only two kids in there, and it was already a challenge.
I loved this tour. The characters are in period costume and quite interesting. It shows how small living spaces were at that time. For a mere $5 you're in. Well worth it.
On 05/25/2018 my boo & I did a walking tour of the history of Philly and learned a bunch about Betsy Ross and some horror stories too. We didn't have much time to go inside the house to see more. One needs tickets for that, but the museum gift shop has a portion of the house that's connected to it, well technically the whole shop was part of the house, so I just made that confusing, but anyway they have a small segment where people and kids can learn a little bit about her life and shenanigans as a sort of prelude to what else is to be explored. 

The museum shop itself has a lot of things one can purchase. The staff are friendly, and the ambiance is welcoming and clean. 

It would have been best to keep the house in its original condition instead of using it for commerce, but at the same time, renting out historical space can actually be a good thing in terms of the revenue earned being used for the upkeep and conservation efforts to keep the remainder of the house in shape! 

Happy shops/tours!
This was a really nice short tour.  The house is really small inside and the steps are an injury trap.  However, we really liked the women in character (especially the laundress).  It's interesting to see how people lived back in those times.  I did the self guided tour without audio.  I liked how there are numbers to guide you on your own.
Nice piece of history in Philadelphia! Whether or not you believe that Betsy Ross designed the American flag, you'll get a great experience visiting the house she once lived in. I didn't really know very much about Ross before coming in here, besides the obvious historical claim. She was a seamstress, and George Washington happened to be one of her great clients. Clearly, she had all the right connections!

I did the audio tour, which added more flavor to the self-guided tour. There was a woman acting as Betsy Ross, as she answered questions to visitors. I will warn people ahead of time that the stairways in the house are very tricky to get around, so just be careful. I didn't even know Ross was buried on the grounds as well, right in the courtyard. 

If you can, get this as part of Philadelphia's Citypass. That's what I did. And no, I don't consider it a tourist trap. You'll be glad you visited the house.
Wow! This house is literally as it was back when Betsy lived there. It's educational and had many items that can be touched as well. We learned so much about her not only her sewing of the flag. You'll have to go there and find out all of the other juicy details!
Very cute small house. Friendly staff and the actresses who were portraying Betsy Ross and the laundry lady were very friendly and informative
A must come to visit place while in Philadelphia! So interesting, light weight - wonderful for any age.p
I really enjoyed reading about Betsy and her life. Being able to visit the old rooms was very interesting. 

They have an adorable gift shop and relaxing  court yard with "American" snacks such as pretzels and hot dogs.

I really enjoyed how they keep it affordable for visitors. It's nice to see this.
Small with a few interesting history facts. Good for history buffs who want to check it off their list,  but quick and some displays could be improved.
One of the best "living history" presentations in the area!

We spent the day checking out the historic sites in downtown Philly including the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, the Museum of The American Revolution, and without a doubt, the Betsy Ross House was the best for a lot of reasons.

First, it was manageable in size. Many history sites are overwhelming, but this worked well. 

Second, and probably the most impressive, was the docent who was portraying Betsy Ross. She was attractive but in an in-character way. No makeup; short, unpainted nails; a period costume down to her shoes; and she interacted with guests who would ask questions and respond as though her only frame of reference with Ross's time period. VERY much the highlight of the tour.

Third, the admission was quite modest.

In sum, well worth your time if you have ANY interest in the history of the period.
Absolutely wonderful to. Is it Betsy Ross' house. Just amazing! 

They offer guided and self tours throughout the house with a woman who is doing some sewing and a woman that is hired in to wash the families clothes. They both were great at staying in character and answering many questions with ease. 

Outside in the courtyard is Betsy's tombstone and a fountain that has her beloved cat statues playing around it
What a great piece of American history, the tour was very interesting and well worth the visit.They have a gift shop and a nice courtyard with a drink stand so your are able to take a nice break from walking in the shaded courtyard. Was a wonderful visit to the Betsy Ross House
Worth visiting, very quickly. It won't take you more than 20 minutes to get through it all, even if you're one who lingers. The steps in this place are crazy steep. 

It's only $5 to get in, and there's a gift shop along with a story-teller outside, like you'll find at a lot of the sites, for the kids. There's unfortunately not much else to say, but it's a nice peek at history and a good place to close your eyes and imagine what was happening there when.
This was a great tour. We did the audio tour and totally enjoyed visiting with Betsy Ross in her upholstery shop. Great bang for your buck. Very educational.
I'll tell you a secret.  We wemt here because we had time to spare and it was close to where we were and were going.  We thought the Betsy Ross house was delightful.

You arrive in to a courtyard.  They are selling foods that looked...not good.  They didn't look bad.  Just you can get much better food virtually anywhere.  You walk straight ahead and enter the building, and then you'll walk to you right to buy tickets.  I can't remember what the price was but it was reasonable.  We did not get the audio tour.

You will start the modest tour of where Betsy Ross lived with her husband.  We get to know more about her as a person, seamstress, and the seriousness of her obligation to make the flag.  

In one room, they had a room to be made up like a seamstress shop.  In the room, they had 'Betsy Ross' and the group could interact with her.  You know if that is your cup of tea or not.

You will spend 30 minutes in the museum/house.  It is very small.
Amazing experience! Great self guided tour, new information we didn't previously learn in books, staff was kind, store was fantastic and gentleman in store was very helpful to us as tourists!! Thank you!!
It goes without saying that if you're coming to Betsy's house you shouldn't be looking at it like it's a history lesson the same way you would at the Liberty Bell or at Independence Hall. No, this is very much a place where you need to suspend reality a bit and just go with the flow the way you would when you watch a movie where some facts get mixed with some legend and some fiction.

I'm not going to wade into the debate about what may or may not have happened here or whether Betsy did or did do what is claimed regarding flags because I really don't care.  Clearly she played some part in our nation's early history and that's good enough for me.

As others have already said, the self guided tour does not take very long although personally If you're going to come once (why you would need to come back a second time is beyond me) you might as well spring for the audio guide as it tells a good story in a way that the displays don't explain.

The house is very small with only a few rooms plus the basement to see and then you're deposited back in the courtyard where you first enter the grounds.  Of course as part of the experience you get to "meet" Betsy and she will explain/show you how the five point stars were cut out for the flag.  

The woman who plays Betsy is fantastic as she 100% stays in character and meeting her is reminiscent of something out of Colonial Williamsburg.  If you ask nicely Betsy will pose for a picture with a flag but other than that no photography is allowed anywhere inside the house although I will say that if you were to snap a few shots there is no one inside who is there to stop you.

Also on the grounds in the summer time there is a small food cart along with a few tables, one of the ten Once Upon a Time storytelling benches (www.historicphiladelphia.org/once-upon-a-nation/storytelling-benches/) and in the far left corner of the courtyard you will notice the grave of Betsy and her third husband John Claypool.

Is this necessary or even history?  No, but it was a nice diversion to do once.

If you go:

The house is open daily from 10-5 with the exception of December-February when it is closed on Mondays.  Admission is $5 for adults and $4 for children with the audio guide costing two dollars extra.
My eight year old absolutely loved this tour, especially the delightful personage if Betsy Ross herself teaching kiddos how to fold the stars out of paper to make a pattern for the flag. The audio tour was informative and it's a pleasant way to spend an hour. Not too terribly crowded on a weekday and there's a cute little gift shop for souveniring at the end. Reasonably priced tour as well.
