Before there was Philadelphia, there was New Sweden, the earliest European settlement in Delaware County. So very much interesting history, from the trade of land with the Indians, William Penn's influence, as well as the English Quakers, you really do need to spend a few hours here to appreciate all of the history that is enveloped inside these walls.

The American Swedish Historical Museum, located in South Philadelphia is the oldest Swedish Museum in America. Built in 1926, 150 years after the signing of the Declaration of Independence and designed after a 17th century manor house in Sweden ( read mansion ) and the arcades are patterned after those of George Washington's home, Mount Vernon. 

 Surrounded by beautiful wrought iron fencing, on a vast piece of land that touts manicured lawns, a large pond, which the geese take advantage of, it's absolutely stunning, one of the best examples of magnificent architecture I have ever seen and it is beyond me, why this has not been yelped!

I do not profess to know a lot about this grand museum, but I recently attended one of their social events here and along with the price of admission for the event, one was free to tour the museum. I'm pretty sure I'm safe in saying there were five floors. The front of the museum has a cement ramp which allows access to those who can not use the stairs, street parking is available here. The rear entrance provides plenty of parking and plenty of gorgeous stairs to climb.

The museum has twelve permanent galleries, one changing gallery, a nice sized library and of course a gift shop. One gallery is dedicated to Alfred Nobel and the Nobel Prizes, other galleries feature paintings, glass works of art, Art deco design, the Jenny Lind Room and the more recent Scandinavian design.  

I'm anxious to not only attend another wonderful social event here, but to spend a few more hours really taking the time to search through this amazing museum.
Who knew that before there was Philadelphia there was New Sweden? This girl -- that's who. 

And along with now knowing that historical tidbit, I also now know how beautiful the American Swedish Historical Museum is as a wedding venue. 

Earlier this year, I attended the wedding of my brother-in-law and (happily now) sister-in-law. I admit -- when I heard that their wedding would be at a Swedish museum I didn't really know what to expect. But what we found was a picturesque museum and grounds.

The museum set up a tent on the front terrace for the reception, with the wedding taking place on the other side of the front area. It started raining shortly after the ceremony, but guests were able to take shelter and continue posing for pics in a beautiful covered walkway area.

And along with enjoying the wedding, I got to check out the museum a bit. The ceiling mural depicting Swedish settlers meeting Native Americans immediately takes you in. And had the rain not waited until after the ceremony, the back-up plan was to hold the ceremony on the sweeping front staircase, which would have also been beautiful. 

The staff seemed very helpful to the entire wedding party, and I only heard great things from wedding guests. 

Cheers to more great times at this museum -- or, even better, "skål"!
Excelent museum about Swedish culture, traditions, Swedish history in the US. All the museum has been renovated. 
A beautiful mansion itself the museum is a nice surprise in the FDR park. Must visit!
What a cool place off the typical tourist path in Philly! The building is beautiful and the visual happiness continues inside. Seeing the various artifacts helped me to understand and appreciate Swedish culture and history and each staff member I encountered was incredibly friendly and helpful. The person who helped me the most was Emma - she is actually from Sweden and she was happy to answer my numerous questions and we chatted for a bit before I left. I highly recommend seeking her out if she is still there - I'm not sure how long her internship will be. 

I came to the museum just after opening on a Thursday so I practically had the museum to myself, which was nice. It gave me plenty of time to read the informational placards and appreciate everything on display.

Oh, and there's even an interactive aspect of the museum for kids involving a Pippi Longstocking-themed challenge so if you have young ones they can have an activity as well.
Foodies should not overlook this establishment. At least once a month a food-centered fundraiser takes place: the Julbord in December for traditional Swedish Christmas fare or the crayfish in August. My favorite is the pea soup and punsch supper the last Saturday of January.
I had my wedding at the ASHM on 9.9.17 and it was an amazing day. A truly unique and beautiful space both inside and out. Mandy, the venue coordinator, was super helpful through the whole process. After the wedding, we received so many compliments about the venue, staff and food (catered by Jeffery A. Miller). We could not have been happier with our experience.
This place is a gem. It would be a great place to go on a rainy day. It's very kid friendly (there is a children's scavenger/clue hunt throughout the museum), the exhibits are interesting and have beautiful things to look at and learn, ample free parking, and it's affordable. Definitely stop by if you're looking to avoid the crowds of the bigger museums.
This place is just beautiful, located on a gorgeous setting with history on every corner, their exhibitions are very interesting.

They have one exhibit room that changes every few months and they always put the most amazing artifacts in there. 

Great for kids as they have a room with toys, puzzles and a little play house.

You could also have your wedding celebration here!! 

Don't miss the cool view of the city skyline on the right side of the building, just walk around the right lawn and enjoy.
