This is an exciting, vibrant place of which Philadelphians should be proud.   Artists-in-residence have included Faith Ringgold and Kara Walker.  The exhibits are unusual and thought-provoking.  

But despite the name, don't expect just clothing and quilts.

Founded in 1977, the workshop supports artists working in new media.  You are just as likely to find sound and video installations as you are works with woven fabrics.  It's a one-of-a-kind organization.

As a casual observer of art, I'll admit that a few installations were lost on me.  Without proper cultural and personal context, I have trouble connecting to some works.  But other times I was thrilled with artists pushing boundaries and creating pieces that moved me, upset me, made me laugh, or all of the above.

I encourage everyone to check it out.  For just a $5 suggested donation, what have you got to lose?
5 stars for a quick, but thought-provoking, funky/quirky exhibition across several floors - all for free!

Starting from the fifth floor, there was a pair of virtual reality goggles to check out a rather sexual imaginary world. The fourth floor hosts sculptures of similar content. 

The first floor exhibit hosted a giant walk-in cave with stalagmites/tites.

I think the exhibit is pretty fun and you can easily spend between 0.5 to 1h to check everything out. It's definitely edgy and outside the norm.
This was a cool museum to see in Philadelphia. Tickets were easy to reserve online and were feee with a suggested donation. There were 3 levels of exhibits to look at and each level had a staff person available to answer any questions. It took about an hour to get through. The art was really cool and engaging. It was something different than just looking at paintings.
The Fabric Workshop and Museum is the perfect bite-sized stopping point for budget-conscious travelers interested in the modern art scene and thought-provoking exhibitions. It's also conveniently located near the Reading Terminal market and Chinatown, so it's a good area to checkout anyway for ambitious tourists. 

Sign their guest book at the door, then take your time pondering the exhibits with a tour guide who will lead you through the separate buildings and floors. Don't be shy about asking questions! The exhibitions are typically funded by public grants and private donations, which makes them free and open to the public.
I have to agree with those who thought this place is poorly run. When I first walked in I thought maybe I was participating in some sort of performance art. The staff were cryptic and gave me weird looks. The security guard was friendly but the guide basically said nothing. I was thrown in with a group and we were led up and down to galleries. When she brought us back to the lobby I realized I hadn't been to two floors. "oh you were suppose to stay with the guide." we'll, she didn't tell me that! She didn't say anything!!!! The installations were really interesting however. I wish pieces from the permanent collection were on display tho. I had hoped to see Faith Ringgold's Tar Beach.
Gotta agree with Brizzle. Fantastic art, but outside of the giftshop is run in a very unfriendly manner.

The old space was pretty awesome. It was a functioning workshop with a prestigious list of visiting artists. you could SEE the workshop, the work happening, and then go look at the work that has been produced in the past.

The new workshop is a gorgeous building, but lacks the open spaces that was so key to the original and educational feel of the old workshop. The art-making happens on floors that the public has no access to. And yes, just to make sure you don't stray or touch or, well, enjoy your visit you have a personal escort to guide you through. Ours was digging his iPhone the whole time. 

Museums have recently been looking at having their work be more accessible to the public, to work more towards being welcoming and less "tsk tsk don't step outside the lines" so it's weird to see a museum go backwards on this. If I weren't in the arts and wanting to see the Nick Cave show so badly, I would NEVER have gone in there. It is the epitome of snobby-we-know-more-than-you attitude that has mostly died at art institutions, and for good reason.

BUT, the art is pretty amazing, gift shop is nice, but over-priced (mostly, not all). Just seems the people who run it need to decide if they really want the public in there or not.
This is not old biddies knitting socks, people... creative, fresh-minded folks- young and old, men and women- turn out some really great items here (in what i consider one of the better gallery spaces I've seen).  Blacklight Danny Partridge prints are just one of the many wonders to check out.  Fantastic stuff.
With the general recommendation from most yelpers I decided to check this museum out. First and foremost, I am not artistically inclined. Being so, I failed to fully appreciate the art displayed in this gallery. Though most of the fabrics shown were nicely done, I couldn't understand them at all. The two floor museum was a quick go through.
I was walking by and the window display caught my eye. I walked in to discover a delightful shop with visually appealing trinkets, art, and gifts in every little corner of their gift shop. While I didn't go beyond the gift shop, I thoroughly enjoyed popping in. I'll definitely be back when I have more time to linger.
I really like the Fabric Workshop and Museum. The exhibits change every few months so you never know what you will see here. Over the years we have witnessed a giant inflated fabric whale that took up an entire floor and we saw projected and animated images of people doing things that were all of a few inches tall. While they were really cool I was waiting for The Exorcist music to cue up. 

Make sure to say "hi" to Tracey in the Museum store. She is really nice!
Well, I can't say much about this place good or bad, because it was inexplicably CLOSED during its posted business hours.  We checked online before we attempted to visit and we were sorely disappointed when we could not get in.  Their website says to call for holiday closings, we tried calling, but no answer after eight rings left us still confused and sad.  And I'm unsure why they would need to close for Halloween.  I can't give it one star because it looks SO COOL through those windows, but the lack of communication in business hours fully deserves the revocation of three stars.
Came here to see Paper Dance from the Ally exhibit- my first performance art exhibit ever! I checked in downstairs and went in batches up a tiny elevator to be seated on wooden crates on the top floor. This performance didn't allow any photography or cell phones. 

The performance artist brought a giant brown roll of paper and told the story of growing up, love, letting go, and playfulness all through movement, facial expressions, and using the paper in creative ways. 

Gift shop on the first floor had beautiful crafts, interesting shoes, and other cool things. Will come again for the main museum exhibits!
I love museums and try to go to different ones wherever I can. Philly has some great ones. Medical oddities. Historical. Flags. Art. Sculpture. Yada yada. 

This weekend we had time to kill - 15 minutes to be exact - before a walking tour and I saw this was just two doors away from our meeting spot. While we didn't have time to go through the actual museum itself, I thought at least could support the museum by SHOPPING!

I love the BlueQ line. They are racy, hilarious, and they use recyclable materials in a lot of their products. I was delighted to find one of their items that I needed - a coin purse. SOLD.

I was back outside in a few minutes and I was happy to at least support the museum this way.
The Fabric Workshop has neither the "ease of use" of a museum / gallery nor the delightful idiosyncrasies of an open workshop.  Instead, it's an awkward, poorly run gallery where visitors need to be escorted to the bathroom, shepherded to disparate parts of the exhibits by grumbling docents, and generally exposed to a place that has a level of institutional anxiety that makes it really difficult to enjoy the work therein.  If you're able to enjoy art in an environment where you're made to feel like an intruder give it a shot.  If this sort of art viewing situation troubles you like it does me, spare yourself.
Anything but soft and fuzzy, the Fabric Workshop and Museum's recent show New American Voices exhibit featured the astounding work of five national artists working with tractors, totems, mechanics, magnets and more. Of particular note, Ruben Ortiz-Torres elevates lowrider subculture with his explosive cranes (featured in video and print) while Bill Smith's "Decline of Eastern Songbirds" uses whistles and gas torches, amongst other media.  Jaw-dropping work worth checking out...
What a strange little museum! I think it's more accurate to call this a gallery than a museum, as it only featured one artist. Either way, it was a great way to beat the heat when my partner and I were in town, and the small tour size was intimate and welcoming. Seems like they do great work with the local community too! Would recommend for anyone who likes contemporary work with a textile bent.
