Auf unserem Weg durch die Altstadt von Philadelphia sind wir auf einen kleinen Park mit einer ungewöhnlichen Statue gestoßen. Es ist die sogenannte Signer Statue.

Die Statue ist all denen gewidmet, die ihr Leben für die amerikanische Freiheit eingesetzt haben. In seiner Hand hält der Signer die Gründungsurkunde in den Himmel. Die Inspiration zu dieser Statue hat George Clymer gegeben, der Unterzeichner sowohl der Unabhängigkeitserklärung und der Verfassung der Vereinigten Staaten war.

Während viele Statuen eher langweilig und staatsmännisch wirken, vermittelt dieses Kunstwerk eine gewisse Energie. Die Statue ist 9-1 / 2 Meter hoch, aus Bronze und steht auf einem 6-Fuß Granitsockel.

Zu finden ist das Kunstwerk an der Ecke der 5. und Chestnut Sreet im Signers Garden.
There's a neat little garden that we visit while you're in Philadelphia right next to independence hall. It has this signers statue there which is somebody that was at the declaration of independence and it has a Thomas Jefferson garden in it and it's just a really nice little area to observe history
This garden is conveniently located directly east of Independence Hall. It centers around a 1980 statue that is ostensibly modeled after George Clymer, who signed both the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. The statue, however, is intended to be an abstract representation of the spirit of all the signers and "founding fathers."

Nice enough, although still abstract. There are beautiful spaces nearby, like the Rose Garden and the Magnolia Garden, that have more historical value (preserved cobblestones and walkways) or have a coherent garden design (13 magnolias, once for each of the original states). Worth a quick look if you're checking off a laundry list of sights - but just that.
I'm guessing who ever planned out this statue never intended for it to actually look like he was taking a selfie, so as you can imagine all of our snapchats from our little stroll in this park pointed this fact out.

'But first, lemme take a selfie'

I wonder what filter he would have used? I could see him with the dog ears....

Nice little spot to stop on our historic stroll in Philly.
The Signer's Garden is located across the street from the Kimpton Monaco, where I stayed on a recent trip to Philadelphia. I didn't get to experience in its true beauty (I visited in winter) but I bet its lovely when its in bloom.

Its centerpiece is a bronze sculpture of the "righteous Signer" which was modeled after George Clymer, a Philadelphia merchant who signed both the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution. The statue is an ode to all of the signers of both document.

There's a few benches in the park and you'll see lots of floofers peeing in the grass. It's not huge, but worth a stroll through. I'm consistently impressed at how clean and manicured the NPS keeps Philadelphia green spaces.
Small open park with a bronze statue of the signer in the middle.  Both of my kids thought he was holding a beer bottle instead of the rolled parchment paper.
