I did this tour a bunch of times over the last decade.  Each time a new family member comes to visit.

The whole experience depends on the person talking on the bus.   They should really have a standard commentary as each time I learned something new which meant it was missed last time.    Also some fun facts were missed so my guests didn't receive them.

All in all it was a good ride and route.

Make sure you don't go on a rainy day as sitting inside is NOT worth it especially since there will be people standing and blocking the other side of the street.  

The whole experience is great if you're on the top part of the bus.

I can't speak to wait times since we never get off the bus at any of the stops.

Will I be back? Probably.
I just returned from spending the July 4th weekend in Philadelphia with my daughter (10), son (21), and mother (83).  We purchased tickets online for the Trolley Tour of Philadelphia.   When we arrived at the boarding point, we were told that there were no Trolleys, only Big Buses touring that day.  The staff at Market & 5th told us that we had no choice but to take the Big Bus.  
 
Immediately upon entering the Big Bus we felt that the heat was unbearable on the bottom level.  Unfortunately my 83 year old mother is not capable of navigating the narrow staircase to the top level.  We inquired as to the status of the air conditioning.  We were told that it was broken on that particular bus, but to wait for the next one which was likely to have working air conditioning.  When the next bus came we were told that there was no air conditioning on that bus as well.  We tried riding this bus as it was almost equally unbearable standing in the hot sun by the bus stop.  It was completely impossible to see out of the windows on the bottom because there was thick dirt and advertising covering the windows.  The bus shook violently and stalled at every red light and had to be restarted.  We couldn't understand a word that the tour guide was saying on the PA system.  Everything sounded completely garbled.  The tiny open windows let absolutely no air into the bus and we felt like we were suffocating.  And, to my absolute horror, after a few stops I realized that the emergency exit doors were propped open the entire time that the bus was in operation, in an effort to let air in.  This is an extremely dangerous (and illegal) thing to do.  There were no seatbelts and when the bus jerked to a stop we can dangerously close to being propelled out of the open emergency exit doors.

We exited the bus and could not bear the thought of getting back on another awful bus.  I feared for my mother's health and my daughter's safety in such an unbearable and dangerous environment.  I left my mother with my son on a bench across from the Reading Terminal Market and walked 20 blocks in the heat and humidity to pick up my car so that I could drive my family safely back to our hotel in air conditioned comfort. 

When we returned home I contacted the Big Bus Company by email, hard mail and telephone at least 20 times.  I was told by people with no authority that I deserved my money back, but the people with authority that they transferred me to ignored my phone calls, emails and letters.  

This bus tour may sound good in theory because it takes you to all of Philadelphia's attractions, but if you want to get there healthy and alive find some other mode of transportation.
I'm originally from the Philadelphia area, but my girlfriend had never been to the city before, so we wanted to do a hop on-hop off bus tour so that she could see the highlights of the city. We picked it up halfway through at the Art Museum, and rode it around until it stopped at the beginning, then hopped off to grab a cheesesteak. We enjoyed our guide so much that we wanted to make sure we got back on his bus after lunch, but when we returned, his bus had just left. Fortunately, another staffer radioed to his bus to find out where they were, and the bus waited for us while we ran down the block to meet it! It's just a little thing, but sometimes those make all the difference. The tour of the city hit all the highlights, and even I learned a thing or two from our very-informed and funny guide. I'd recommend this company to any tourist visiting Philly.
Philly is such a big city, and we didn't have a lot of time (nor a rental car) to explore on foot, so we opted for The Big Bus Company (www.PhillyTour.com is the correct website btw). Our tour guide, Sebastian, was amazing, especially once the bus ran into a huge traffic jam that was only resolved by getting out of the traffic and driving completely off the map. Humorous and unshaken, our brave Sebastian continued to give us the history and stories as if he had done it before, despite having no idea where the driver was taking us. Well done sir, well done.

If you ride on the top deck (which I highly recommend), watch out for the tree limbs.

And please, pedestrians of Philadelphia, watch where you are going, okay? Someday one of you is going to get hit....
This bus was very convenient for my trip to Philly. Thanks to this bus tour, I did not have to stress about parking. I hopped on at the very first stop, and visited all the major tourist sites while learning about the history of the site as well. 

I highly recommend the Philadelphia pass, because the 24 hr big bus tickets are included. I just had to flash my receipt to them each time I hopped on. If it is too hot, hopefully the 1st level will have AC. The day I went, the first bus had AC downstairs, the 2nd and 3rd bus I hopped on had no AC so I had to fan myself. I used my ticket receipt for the days first tour @9:30AM and the next day I still used it @10AM. Plan your stops well and you can maximize your days plan and get your $$$s worth!
We have done both a Big Bus and a City Sightseeing tour in Philly now. The Big Bus tour was by far a better tour. The tour guide actually studied the facts of the city and knew a lot of really cool things. It was way more educational and interesting than City Sightseeing!

I would recommend staying on the bus for one full loop of the city, unless there is something you know for sure you want to stop and check before it closes. After that, go around and hop off at the stops you would like because there is SO much to see and do. A lot of the things you drive by on the tour are museums that you would most likely want to spend more than half an hour. 

The tour itself is an excellent way to see the city and you don't even really need to hop off!
I think this may be one of the best ways to see Philly!! I got a 24 hour ticket for $27 adult and $10 child. You can get on and off the bus as much as you would like. The bus has 27 stops. It really covers all the important locations: most of the museums, cemeteries, prison, art, food, antique, Rocky steps, zoo, historical row homes, church, etc. I could go on....but I don't know the names of all the stops. They give you a giant map...and the tour guide is a wealth of knowledge. The entire tour is narrated by a live person, and was very informative. 

The bus is a double decker...so for kids this is thrilling!! You even have to duck for the tree limbs. To a 10 year old...this is prime excitement!! 

If you stay on the bus from beginning to end it is a 90 min. ride. However, if you choose to get off at any of the stops you can look around, and get back on the next bus. Another idea is to get off on a stop...spend several hours, and take a cab back to the hotel...and pick it up later. The get on and off possibilities are endless. 


I highly recommend this tour as a great way to enjoy the city...with you hair blowing in the breeze!
Poor and tasteless comments from our tour guide, Kelly! 

My boyfriend and I decided to ride the Big Bus Tour around Philadelphia, this past July. We're from NY and would never dare to ride a bus there, so it was more of a funny, "let's be tourists" adventure for the day. 

So we're sitting on the top deck of the bus enjoying all the fun facts of the City of Brotherly Love and our tour guide Kelly tells us we'll be visiting a jail. That doesn't sound like an ordinary stop on a bus tour, so my boyfriend asks if it's a working jail. Kelly laughs and says, " No, we won't be visiting your FRIENDS in jail." Kelly dear, why would you assume we know it's a former jail now museum and WHY would you assume the black couple has friends in jail. Did you think before you spoke? Clearly not. I guess you thought your comment was funny and didn't see this Yelp review coming. I hope you learn your lesson. 

Other than her disgusting lapse of judgment, she was very knowledgeable of the city.
Still waiting for our bus..... it's been more than 20 minutes.  If the tour guides weren't so knowledgeable and informative, it would have been only two stars. We're now debating on just uberring back to the hotel because this wait has been ridiculous.
Would I do this again? No. No, I would not.  

It's a bus that for $32 you can hop on and hop off and as you drive around there is a tour guide who points out landmarks. The bus allegedly was coming every 20 minutes, we waited 30+ minutes at stops though. Not every bus is air conditioned. Philadelphia is HOT in the summer. 

This bus allegedly runs on a loop, but when we tried to take the loop is stopped at the last stop and told us to get on another bus. Okayyy. So we get on the next bus except it's not leaving right away so it sits around 20 minutes at stop 1 to load up again. HUGE time waste. And the workers all smoke right outside the bus, so you are there sucking in all their 2nd hand smoke. Gross. 

Hindsight: The Philadelphia Phlash Bus run by Septa. It's like $5 for all day and makes all the same stops as the Bib Bus Company. We saw way more Phlash buses, they actually were at the stops every 10-15 minutes. And Uber. Uber it up here! Super easy.
I'm not a big fan of learning a city's history on my own. I'd much rather pay someone to tell me some good stories and direct me on where to go based upon what the locals like.  So, as a lazy tourist, I booked a trip on the Big Bus tour.

The Big Bus tour is a hop on and off type of tour.  There are set destination points for pick ups and drop offs which makes everything easy. Big Bus offers a map so that you'll know where the destinations points are. For the best prices, go to a Big Bus tour associate out on the street corners (they are usually located around popular tourist spots and are in uniform so you cant miss them).  I was told that they negogiate the prices for you, so while they advertise for $27 per person, you could actually pay less.  We negotiated and got a cheaper price.

The tour guides are all different and have different personalities.  We went through the entire tour once before we decided to hop on and off the bus.  The guides do not have a set script, so you may learn something different from each tour guide. We certainly did.

The weather was great for our tour.  It was rather hot so we were glad to have brought our hats and water.  In case of rain, the Big Bus tour will provide ponchos, but they are not great protection against the elements.

I highly recommend sitting on the top deck where your view of the city is unobstructed.

We went during a weekend where a big concert was scheduled.  That caused the city to shut down streets which resulted in detours in our route. Big Bus tour anticipated these issues and planned for customers to transfer to a smaller bus that would get them closer to the destination on the map. 

We did the Big Bus tour in Hong Kong and now in Philly.  The Big Bus tour is a great way to see any city in a short amount of time. We love it!
I was told the next tour bus left in 15 minutes, after having missed the first bus that left at 9:30 am. From 9:36 till 10:00 am is not 15 minutes. The very first thing that I got to see was a limb upside my head as did several of the other passengers. We could not take pictures from having to duck from tree limbs and flags all across Center City. 
I could understand the tour guide from every other tour around us except our own tour guide, who kept the microphone in his mouth and the volume was low.
The tour lasted 71 minutes and did not complete the route to the zoo, which is the main reason I went on the tour. I could not get off this bus fast enough.  
The manager offered me another service, but defended his crew, and said it was Phillys fault for the tree limbs and they would not cut them. Absolutely awful, no wonder they are on Groupon.
My dad, my 4 kids, and I visited Philly 7/16-7/20. I got the 3 day Philadelphia Pass for myself and my kids, and a 2 day pass on the bus was included. We stayed at the Home2 Suites by Hilton which was literally half a block from one of the main stops for Big Bus. Stop 6 I believe. Anyway, they also sell passes there and offered a lot of helpful advice. One of the young men we spoke with was super helpful and even gave us a free pass for all of us (including my dad!) for one day, so we were set for 3 full days! 

We decided to take the bus to the Franklin Institute on the first day. Honestly...if you have young children don't take a bus. My kids are 1, 3, 8, and 10. This bus would have been AMAZING for my 2 older children and me had we not had the littles with us. Having to take them in and out of a stroller plus scream because you have to stay seated just plain sucks - there was no "hop on and off" for us. It was a huge pain in my butt. This was NOT Big Bus's fault that I decided it would be a great idea to take 4 young children by myself on the bus.

So the trip to the Franklin Institute wasn't too terrible and the tour guide offered some interesting information...I wasn't listening too well though bc I was trying to keep my kids and myself from being kicked off the bus. 

Another bus we took on a different day had no AC. That was god awful - with all my crap and my kids we just couldn't go on the top deck which was a bummer. We tried and we were asked to "please go to the bottom deck." How embarrassing. Side note - again, not expecting VIP treatment bc I have 4 kids and was alone, my bad, but people in general are so rude. I was clearly struggling to hold my one year old and carry a stroller while making sure my older kids weren't letting my 3 year old run into ongoing traffic and most people just gawked. There were 2 women in particular that were so helpful and offered to help me hold a kid or open my stroller. Thank you 

As far as the bus goes, it would be a great way to get around the city if you don't have a stroller and screaming children with you. It only runs until 5pm or so, and takes forever to loop back, so make sure you plan for that. I also wasn't thinking if I got on at stop whatever and it was the last bus I would have to get off at Stop 1, which was about 8 blocks away from our hotel. Whoops. 

We didn't use it but 2x, to go to the Franklin Institute and the zoo. For the zoo, you get on a trolley because the trees are so low - that could be a problem if on the top deck! 

Trolley was fine. Actually better for us bc no top deck option for my older kids to get mad they couldn't go to. No AC either but windows offered a nice breeze.
We had a great experience with The Big Bus Company...well kinda. To be honest our first tour guide was just okay (that's PC for...he sucked) and it was lunch time so we hopped off at Reading Terminal Market. Great market, btw. 

If redemption had a name, it would, without a doubt, be named Jay!!! Jay was awesome. He knew and remembered where everyone on that bus was from (it was about 13 of us) and found a way to involve us all, not just a couple of folks who lived near his hometown like the first guy. 

That's not the only thing that made Jay great though. He REALLY knew his stuff. To the point that we didn't even hop off again because we didn't want to miss the rest of HIS tour. If some of us knew facts about things or proposed a question, he always had an answer. It wasn't that he was withholding info, it was just that he was filled with so much, it wasn't enough time to get it all out.

If you have a free day or at least a free few hours, I recommend this tour. Hopefully you will be lucky enough to get Jay!

Oh and great job Philly, amazing art program!
Not happy. Lots of negatives....so our particular day has a weird story. We just went this past weekend and bought he tickets for Sunday (Sept 1). Noone told us until we were on the bus that due to a festival in town the bus would be skipping about 15 stops! Of course we were not getting a discount for this. We also wanted to transfer busses to get to the please touch and had to get off at stop 6 and wait for a smaller shuttle bus to take us. We killed about 30 min back and forth waiting. The bus went nowhere near the art museum (Rocky steps) ect due to the festival. I know that is not their fault but they should of had something on their website letting you know that more than half the tour would be not seen. Or give it for half price. 

The positive was the tour guides were great and friendly and our shuttle bus driver was awesome both ways. 

But due to this I don't think I'd give them my money again.
Definantely recommended, weather was beautiful & our tour guide Megan was awesome very quirky!! Learning new facts about a city I've been in for 23 yrs had me siked would do it another time straight through.
The tour was mostly fine but there were a few issues. First, the website said the buses would come every 20 minutes but it ended being every hour. The covering over the top deck was so scratched you could barely see through it. And overall, the tour was too short.
Great tour and one of my favorite things to do in philly, IF you want to stay on the whole time. 

The buses don't show up at the times the timetable says. When you call, the receptionist is very friendly, but always says that the next bus is ten minutes away. We waited 45 minutes at one point. The other time, the bus was 20 mins behind schedule. 

Summary: if you wanna do the whole tour at once, DO IT. If you'll be hopping on and off a lot, do NOT depend on the timetable. It will not follow that schedule. 

The tour guides are A+ though!
Do not use this company, better off going with Plash.  Every single time we waited for a stop, they all were at least 30-55 minutes.  Called in a couple times and they said they've been skipping stops since we didn't start from stop # 1 and didn't realized we were out there even though the point was to hop on and hop off whenever we needed and rotations supposed to run every 15-20 mins.  We stopped by stop #27 several times and had to hop off and waited for 30 mins until the next bus leaves to start the rotation all over again to get to our destination = they don't have a bus in rotation every 15-20 mins as claimed.  No AC on most of the buses to cut down on gas cost.  If I can take off the 1 star I must put on here for a review to submit, I would.  Truly ruined our Philly experience even though the city itself is amazing!!
Good tour.  We got the 25$ ride, no hop on or off. 
Tour guide was funny and knowledgeable.  
We sat up top because the day was beautiful.  The price was good for the ride and the views.   We did hop off at the 17th stop.   Deff worth the price
Bernard rode that bus like a champ. Very impressed with how we moved in and out of traffic. Jay was very informative,friendly and humorous .Each time we hopped on we learned new things. Jay was very interactive with all the tourist and we had great laughs learning the old and new history of Philadelphia. Well  worth every penny.
I wasn't too interested in a bus tour, but after taking it I appreciated my wife's executive decision!

This was part of the Philadelphia City Pass we had purchased. If you hustle, it's worth getting if you opt for a 3-day pass.

Anywho, it was a cold day and we were rushing to get to this thing. Fortunately there's a food cart next to where the stand is for waiting for the bus. The staff that run it are chill, they work at other places like Eastern State Penitentiary.

Our tour guide was this cute girl who was very knowledgeable of the city, there was actually quite a lot we had learned about the different sites we visited. It added more to our visit taking this tour. What was also nice was the plastic top. It limited your ability to take a picture, but you kept warm at least!

What was especially nice is like similar bus tours in other cities, there's stops and a bus comes every 45 minutes. So you can get off at a stop and get back on for the tour.
To start the day, the trolley was a half hour late and was without a guide. The trolley driver tried his hardest to give a tour, but that's just not his job. 

Then, when we got on a bus, they couldn't give us all our tickets because they'd already run out of paper an hour into the day (purchased online, but have to be processed once you're aboard the bus). After discussion back and forth between the driver and tour guide--who couldn't agree on what to do--their advice to us was to wait for several stops to get our processed tickets. On top of it all, their demeanor was less than hospitable or friendly. 

Overall, it was a disappointment and waste of money. For a major company, they sure don't have their act together.
I am a California native who happened to be in PA visiting family. I wanted to tour Philly, so I started talking to some locals. Taking a Hop on Hop Off bus was highly recommended, so I bought tickets with the Big Bus line. I couldn't be more satisfied with my decision. The tour guides/drivers were friendly, knowledgeable, and cared about your safety. All stops were labeled, making them easy to find. Big Bus stops at all of the main attractions in center city. 

I recommend you buy your tickets online the night before, download the app, and show your mobile voucher upon arrival. They will print you a ticket and you're good to go. I truly believe that touring Philly using the Big Bus is the ONLY way to go!!!
Don't purchase tickets online in advance if you're planning on doing this tour.  I received an error message which prevented me from printing out my tickets, but my credit card was charged anyway.  I called the company and spoke to Melissa who curtly told me that I needed to email info@bigbustours.com to receive a refund.  Despite emailing twice, I never heard back.  So rather than anyone attempting to fix this issue for me, I had to open a dispute with my credit card company.  I can't speak for the tour itself as I was unable to use it.
We just moved to the area a few months ago and have barely explored Philly ourselves, so when some relatives came to visit for a long weekend, we decided a bus tour would be the fastest and most efficient way to introduce both them and us to the most important sites around town. Our guide was one of the Steves and he was both knowledgeable and entertaining. My husband and his brother appreciated the extra long stop by the Rocky steps, which they successfully completed. We were sitting on top of the double decker bus and had to duck for branches (and bridges) at a couple points of the tour, but all in all, it was very enjoyable and I'd recommend it for a quick and dirty introduction to the sights of Philly.
Well worth the $! We purchased as part of the Philadelphia Pass. Big Bus staff and service was excellent. Had a 3 day pass with a family of 4 and used it all day each of those days. Was perfect transportation and took us everywhere we needed to go. Appreciated the historical information and humor as well. Planning to use in future in other cities.
Do NOT use this hop on hop off unless you want to waste time for a bus that NEVER comes! On our first day of a 3-day pass the driver completely by-passed the first 3 stops. On our 2nd day we waited for one hour (time wait was supposed to be 1/2 hour) at stop 16--bus never came. As we were taking an alternate mode of transportation we learned why--it completely by-passed THAT stop. I will contact the company...
Ahhh, tourism!  You gotta love it.  I tell you what, Philadelphia, you folks have a good handle on tourism.

Now, I've been to Philly before, but the extent of my touristy activities revolved around a walking tour of Old City with an iPod guide.  It was decent.  However, my wife and I were both in town this time, and we wanted to branch out.  That is where the Big Bus Company came into play.

This is a great service, and it really helped us save some money at the end of the day.  It is an excellent resource for tourists who want to visit the popular attractions of Philadelphia.  Plus, their drop off/pick up option is nice.  We did have a slight communication problem with our first drop off, but in the end it worked in my favor because I was able to discover an awesome food truck.  However, make sure you clarify what time the bus will come around again (versus hopping off the bus confidant that your brain absorbed the info).

We had Paul as a guide, and he the level of his city knowledge was artistic.  You really got to hand it to those guides.  They not only have the main information to get out, but they also need to throw in extra stuff when the bus is stuck in traffic.  Paul never missed a beat.  Awesome.

So, check out this tour!  It's totally worth it if you have a full day available to see a bunch of sites.
Edited to add: I was given a refund after contacting the company about the inconvenience described below. 

The bus tour was just fine, until they left us stranded at the end of the day. We were told a bus would stop at each stop every 15 minutes, with the last bus of the day leaving stop #1 at 6pm and making the last full loop. We were relying on a bus to take us back from stop #16 to stop #1, where we had parked (2 miles). 
We waited from 6-6:45pm at stop #16, figuring we would catch any bus that was already en route before 6pm, and if nothing else at least catch the last bus that had left stop #1 at 6pm. After not seeing any busses pass for 45 minutes (seated directly under the sign marking stop #16), I finally decided to call. I asked what time would a bus be arriving at stop #16? I was told that the bus should actually be there right now, and if it wasn't, then it had already passed and I had missed it. I let the representative know that we had been waiting for 45 minutes without seeing any bus, and she said: "Well if you've waited 45 minutes and saw no bus, then one isn't coming."
Me: "We were told the last bus leaves stop #1 at 6, is that bus still coming to the full loop?" 
Representative: "Well the last bus leaves at 6, but it's not coming for you. It might be a private event." (What!???) 
Me: "So there are no more busses coming to stop #16 today?" 
Representative: "That's correct."
And the call ended there. No solution was offered.
We then had to find our own way to get 2 miles back to where we had parked, even though we had paid $30 per person for a Big Bus ticket that should have done that for us. Very disappointing and left a really negative impression of our otherwise great trip.
My wife and I are native Philadelphians, but we've never done this tour and seen the city this way. Steve the tour guide (the older one who was in the marines) was really entertaining and knowledgeable. Well worth the price of admission.
I had a great time on my tour, and that means a lot coming from a Philly resident who has seen nearly every stop on the ride. Haha. We brought some out of town coworkers on the bus tour to show them the unique beauty of this art filled city, and they also had a blast. Our tour guide was extremely friendly and knowledgeable, teaching us plenty of fun facts that I've remembered to share with my fellow locals. I really enjoyed the focus on all of the statues scattered throughout the route.
I would rate less than one star. The Phila trolley company who is the big bus company sold us tickets for the tour.

The route was closed they never told us and we never got to see philly thank to this company bate and switch tactic.

We got on the bus and went around the block and came back. 

I got screwed by the big bus guys. Thanks for a rotten tour and a discreditable business practice. 

Bus guys tell your customer you are not doing full tours. Be up front.  Don't  lie to customers and do the bate and switch.
We had a great experience on this trip, and it did not disappoint by any means. Got to see all of the landmarks around Philly for a reasonable price, what more could you ask for? Our tour guide was friendly and fun, and the trip was a blast. If it's your first time in Philadelphia, I would definitely recommend taking this companies tour of the city! So much stuff to learn about in a great city!
Take over 30 minutes to be picked up again. Was told 15-20 minutes at the most. Our first guide was good, others so, so. This is our third bus tour of Philly w/guest. Probably won't use Big Bus, the others are more efficient.
I thought they did a awesome job with timing. Someplaces you had to wait 15 minutes but it's better than walking and or driving to find parking. We did a 2-day Philadelphia pass which we try to do the bus the first day but ended up doing it on Friday. We definitely got our moneys worth and were able to see a lot of stuff that we wanted to see and got the places I need to be! Will definitely use big boss again
We had a really good experience , the weather was prefect. Lawrence was super funny he kept us engaged. Really knowledge and you could tell he really enjoys his job. Very educational for children who enjoy history.
Slow, expensive, and awkward - yet a nice open ride style double decker.

First, this bus is way too slow to pick people up.  I was waiting at Eastern state 25 mins to go to the zoo.  They get out and make conversation with every tourist it picks up, really holds up the people on the bus. -1 star

Second, expensive - with the excellent Phlash bus being only 2 bucks a ride and faster, you don't need to  pay $67 dollars for this bus.  Actually, this also makes the Philly city pass probably a waste as well. - 1 star

Third, awkward. I went 4th of July weekend and I guess the tour lady ran out of material to speak about since the bus had to take a detour and she was rambling about supposedly incorrect historical information theories told in history class about Philly.  Further she singled out myself and my girlfriend lecturing directly to us, it was really weird. -1 star

Overall just skip this and take the Phlash instead, which is an excellent and inexpensive public tourist bus option to hit all the major sights.
Tour guides were knowledgeable and funny but the bus schedule.. pick up times were TERRIBLE!! Wasted way too much time waiting for buses that were suppose to be every 20 mins. We waited at least 50 mins to an hour at every stop. I would not recommend.
The first day we waited forever for our bus to arrive. The bus arrived and we could not hear the tour guide worth a darn. We changed buses several times while hopping on and off and you could hear the other ones a lot better. I would recommend more buses leaving more frequently, as we wasted a lot of our time on our very short trip waiting for the next bus. I wold also recommend the bus staying open til 6 as a lot of the tourist attractions close at 5 so it will give you time to finish up there and then hop back on the bus.
Great people, unfortunatley services were not up to par. First day in Philly, Chinatown, they skipped us, they didn't even slow down to see if anyone was waiting at stop #5. Then, later on that day we were dropped off at the alternate stop, on 10th St. and South St. We asked the tour guide, before drop off, if we need to come to the same spot to be picked up and he said yes. Upon return, we waited 45 mins then I gave up and called the their office. Whoever that lady dispatcher was, said that Pine St. was open and we should go 2 blocks over, at Pine St. and 10th St. I was torn who to believe, the dispatcher or the tour guide, its been only an hour since we were dropped off. We decided to walk. We were a block away from the stop and from a distance I saw the Big Bus pass by on Pine St. @#$%, I guess she was telling the truth that Pine St. was operational again. Now I'm on Pine St. knowing to wait for the next bus in 20 mins. 45 mins later... no bus. I decided we would walk along Pine St. to the next stop at #22 because it wasn't an alternate stop, so its guaranteed a bus will show up there. Arrived at stop #22, there were people waiting, another 30mins later still no bus, even the other people were getting mad, because they were waiting 10 - 15mins before my family even got there. I called their office once again, this time a man said the bus is 2-3 blocks away. I was looking towards Pine St. and didn't see any bus, then the bus finally showed up behind us on South St. @#$%. I spoke to the driver and told them what happend, he said he was sorry that happend to us but he was positive that Pine St. was closed for the day. I told him there were miscommuncations with your dispatcher and at least 1 bus driver with your company because they think Pine St. was open. 

Other than the experience I just mentioned, the people were great. The staff made sure to direct you to the places you wanted to go. For the most part, the tour guides seem to know what they're talking about. The staff were courteous and sociable, very chill vibe with the crews. 

If it weren't for the staff being nice, I would've given 1 star.
We used the Big Bus for an event.

The Good: 
We had a private tour and were able to bring a cooler on the bus with snacks and adult beverages. 

The Bad:
Had confirmed the morning of to pay remaining balance and reconfirm the itinerary, the construction and road closures were never disclosed. They informed me 2 days later they get the reports every morning, but they never adjusted our ride and we were stuck in endless traffic.

When planning this the company should have recommended not organizing this at that certain time. 

The trolley which fit 35 had AC but with temps close to 90 that day and full of people it did not function well at all.

Our trolley was in an accident towards the end of the night. They never offered another trolley to pick us up even though we had more than an hour left of our charter time. 

After the accident they asked us to fill out a form describing the accident and in fine print it states you are releasing them from liability and that you are not hurt.

When I called with my concerns mainly about the road closures not being taken into consideration and the fact that we were abandoned after the accident and had to get our own rides back to our hotels, the customer service was horrendous!!! The "director" was rude and threatening on the phone, argumentative and basically the worse.

The Ugly: 
This last point gets me the most, eventually the "director" who changed his name sent me a form to sign stating that he would give me a $100 credit for a future chartered tour and the form he wanted me to sign stated that I would not be able to sue him for any injury resulting from the accident, which there were none, he was just covering his bases, and that I would be liable if I posted any of the situation on social media.
Although the hop on and off feature is good in theory the company advertises a bus "every 15 minutes" twice I waited over an hour at the stops waiting for a bus. When calling the receptionist told me "the bus is 10 minutes away" 35 minutes later calling again I was told the same thing. Wasting much of the little time I had to tour philly. You're better off renting bikes around town. 

Also the tour guides "facts" are not actually factual.
I paid for a two day tour,  first day was good,  a lot of historical information.  It's the second day and I have been waiting for almost two hours for a shuttle ride from my hotel.  When calling the dispatcher says there is traffic but google maps says it should take 20 minutes from there location,  taking in account for traffic.  Not happy and will not be recommending this to anyone else.
Decent mix of old and new information. The patrons were a bit rude talking, so one of the two announcers we had that day got a bit snippy.
This was such a great way to see the city. This was part of the Philadelphia pass we purchased and was so convenient. We used this to get on and off all places we wanted to visit. A few times in the middle of the day the bus was full on top but we were still able to jump on and sit at the bottom. We never waited more than 10 minutes between busses. Worth the money for anyone  visiting the city.
Had no problem getting off and on as a few have complained. I was there on one of the busiest weeks too.
Only complaint is they added an unscheduled and belabored tour of the "gayborhood". It is an official stop, but not on the map. I really do not think this deserves mention among all the truly historical sites. Let's see...Betsy Ross, Liberty Bell, art museum, and faaabulous rainbow flags. Huh? Should we stop by the sewage treatment plant while we're at it?
This company is the absolutely worst! We reserved 2 tickets for today in advance for Philly and upon getting to the first stop and waiting for 30+ mins learned that the buses were not running today due to the Veterans Day Parade (which would have been great to know when their website allowed me to book tickets... for today only). That's fine, I get that parades are outside of the company's control - but when I contacted customer service (via chat because phone is not available) they kept insisting that service is running today (we walked around all day and not 1 bus was running) and although they confirmed that they could see our tickets were unused, would not issue a refund. After 30+ mins of sitting on that chat waiting for the Rep to respond, now I have to wait 14 days for a "local service" Rep to contact me via e-mail to hopefully get a refund - what a headache! I would not recommend this company and will not be using them again.
Waited over 45 minutes at a stop for a full bus and then an additional 10 minutes for the second bus which accommodated only 5 more guests. 

Big Bus is very inefficient in terms of frequency compared to the other buses such as PHLASH and Philadelphia Sightseeing Tours, both of which come  around a lot more often.
Review for June 15th Big Bus Tour, starting at 10:30 am

Our female tour guide during the round trip, was very articulate, funny and knowledgeable about all the stops & attractions that Philly had to offer. I did not have any expectations for this double decker bus tour, going in, other than a ride around the city. However, after the tour, I was "wowed" with all the information that was provided and offered. I would most definitely recommend this tour to others.
If you can walk... this bus tour is not worth it here in Philly! Other cities like NYC or overseas like London and Paris.. definitely worth it. So I usually love taking The Big Bus Company Tours because you get to make the most out of trips that are quick and don't have too much time! Also saves on walking as well for those that can't get around too well via foot. The price was like $34 I believe which isn't bad... but the busses didn't come around as often as other cities. They claimed they come about every 25 minutes but it was closer to every 45 minutes. Maybe traffic? Who knows. Also.. 2 times the busses came around, there was no room on top.. so with how busy it was, they should have more busses running so more people can sit on top. Also... because there was the Made in America festival coming up this weekend, there were stops that were closed and Route was a little different because of that festival. Wish the people would have mentioned that to us or at least have cut down on the price for that reason. 

Anyways.. the 1st driver would ask if anyone on top wanted to stop at the next stop... well we were on the bottom and he never asked us if we wanted to stop. We did actually want to get off and were lucky there were passengers to pick up so they were forced to stop. The 2nd bus driver we had crashed the bus when making a stop to pick us up at the stop. That was weird.. I was uncertain if I wanted him to drive us around haha. But we survived and didn't die. The 3rd bus we took, we could not understand the tour guide at all. He was muffled like he was talking into the mic too close and he didn't speak all that clear. Oh well.. still brought us around to the sites so that we can see everything. But that was it. Lots of tours I've been on, they point out things and get you ready so you can take pics while on the bus, but he would mention it when it's too late and the bus goes too fast to snap photos of anything. 

Not impressed with this tour of Philly. Their stops were at odd locations and I just felt like it wasn't as good as other locations I've been to. Maybe cuz the city is smaller? Of course if you have trouble getting around, it'll be worth it for you!
I highly recommend this tour. The guides are extremely engaging and knowledgeable. The tickets are valid for 24 hours and you have the option to hop off at a designated stop and return to the tour later. 

A word of caution if you are on the double decker..look out for the trees when you near the area with all the flags.
Wow, this is a must do!!!

We had the absolute BEST tour guide, Matt. He was so informative and very funny! Our entire group learned so much on the tour and it only takes an hour and a half. My husband and I actually live in Philadelphia and we were taking some family from out of town and honestly we learned just as much as they did! We saw and learned about parts of the city that we had never even explored. You definitely have to do this as a first stop when you come to Philly!!
My bf and I decided to get a ticket for the big bus tour  to see all the must see stops in the city and will highly recommend it for anyone going to Philadelphia

pros
*learn interesting points about the city's history, movies filmed there etc.
*unlimited hop ons and off so if there is a site you want to explore more you can get off and just hop on the next bus (generally a 30min wait between buses)

cons
*now it started to rain and thunder on our ride this past Saturday so we had to skip the last half of the tour. Which from a company stand point I understand but the option should be given to the customer for us to make up our mind knowing if we would receive a refund for not being able to complete the trip or not. 
*depending on where you get on at you may have to transfer buses to finish the last leg of the tour.. now this is only a con because if you had a good seat and then have to transfer you may not be able to get that great seat on the next bus
*the bus does not travel to like 3 stops on the route map so you will have to get off and wait for the trolley if you want to go to those 3 stops.
*we purchased out tickets from our hotel gift shop and they could not answer any of our questions. So i recommend the company have the places that want to sell their tickets attend some meeting or class to get information about the tour itself to answer questions because people purchase them. 

Overall we were satisfied and Sebastian was amazing. We will definitely be doing this again when we return to Philly or go to any additional city that has this company.
This hop on hop off bus tours are the best way to see a major city. For under $40 we circled the downtown area of Philadelphia seeing all the major sites with an opportunity to hop off then on every 20 minutes. We parked in a garage at 8th and Filbert $24 in the Fashion district then walked a couple blocks to the Independence Visitor Center area to pick up bus.
What a great way to get around in the city. Essentially they take you on a tour around the great city of Philadelphia. The employees give you a great historical perspective and background of the most interesting things about the City, the people and the sites. We were able to experience about 3 different guides and they all had their own personalities but they did a great job of explaining all the intricacies of the sites. The best part of the tour is that you can hop on and off at different sites which help to cut a lot of walking from place to place and also a lot of money for cabs or public transportation. A great value and well worth the fee especially if you want to learn about the history of the great City.
