This was my first time at The Piazza at Schmidt's and it was also the first day opening for their year 'round Farmer's Market.
 
I need to be honest with my over all opinion of driving into Northern Liberties and thinking wow, no glitz, no glamour, old and run down came to mind. Keep in mind that I appreciate old cities and buildings and what they have to offer and I certainly did not explore the neighborhood, even though I would like to do this one day.
 
The gated graveled parking lot across the street offers ample free parking.  Walking into this large courtyard of shops, restaurants and galleries, your eyes sweep over the owners walking numerous friendly dogs, gardens and beautiful buildings that kiss the open sky.
 
I was freezing as I was entering the courtyard, but all of a sudden the beauty of what the piazza has offered to Northern Liberties and the friendly folks at the open market made me forget all of that.  There were probably a dozen and one half tables set up for the first day of this farmer's market, but they had some quality goods to sell and I bought my share of homemade soups, quiches, pot pies, salsa, breads and sweet baked goods.
 
I had the pleasure of meeting beautiful Monica, our CM, as I smiled and scarfed some little yelp buttons and an ink pen.  Funny, cause as we were talking, the guy at the next booth stepped up and said DJ?  I said yes, come to find out he was a yelper at one time and a friend to many of us. 
 
This is certainly not like Piazza San Marco ( St. Mark's Square ) nor any other open square or market I have been to in Europe, however I am liking what I saw and I think it adds a lot to the area and Philly.
 
I will certainly be back to watch as the year 'round Farmer's Market grows and to see what else they have to offer.  I'm anxious to check out some of the restaurants and more of the shops and galleries.  

Piazza at Schmidt's, you have my vote. I found my glitz and glamour in Northern Liberties.
I lived in the Navona building from June 1st, 2009 to November 2010.

Here is what you should know before you consider leasing here.  The Piazza is a ton of fun, and your friends will LOVE to come here and hang out.  But YOU will have to be here 24/7.

1.  Only VERY social people who don't mind music thumping through their walls, screaming drunk girls downstairs, mass crowds of the local city folk attending weekend events in their front yard, and light peeking through the blinds should live here.  

2. Northern Libs, and especially the Piazza, are very pricing per square foot.  $1800 a month won't get you much space here.  Definably go for a place with an outside deck. 

3. We have experienced two murders while living here.  One in the building, and one as the girl was leaving the Piazza about three blocks away.  "Todo, we aren't in Kansas anymore. "  Don't let the crowd fool you...No Libs is still central Phila.  

All in all the 18 months were fun, but I moved out and on to quieter pastures.  

Good luck!
Okay. I'm over it.

Everyone is going nuts over this space and yes, it has brought many businesses, lots of action and attention into  this (my) neighborhood, but lord all-mighty, it's getting out of control here. Sure, the piazza has spurred development straight across my 'hood, south, west, east and especially North - but with this growth, has come, as expected, the crowds (more rowdy than not), and a kind of evolution for the neighborhood that I'm not terribly crazy about.

I don't exactly know what Blastein had in mind when he came up with this development concept, but the end result is downright college frat party meets Jersey Shore (and it is especially more so, now with the addition of the Arrow Swim Club at its north east end). The piazza itself is about as coolly European as the PYT burgers and 'adult' milkshakes served there. Which is to say, not at all.  This whole piazza stinks of 'try-hard' accompanied with bad music blasting at all times of the day. 

Speaking of PYT, along with the Pink Dolphin Market and Millesime, they are the only original tenants left at the Piazza. The businesses and galleries that were once here are no longer - hustled out, moved out, priced out, what have you - all I know is that there is such a HIGH turnover of restaurants and businesses here, it's enough to make one's head spin, even the Piazza people can't keep up (that is, their web page as of today still show the Appolinare restaurant as operating, while it's clearly visible by anyone there that it's been replaced by Kingdom's Oak - mind you this is the fourth restaurant that has been placed in this spot !).  What is solid, genuine and local about that, I ask you? What does it say about the longevity of all of this?  

I am always in awe about how much this (my) neighborhood has changed in the six short years I've moved here.  I am all for development, but really, it begs the question, at what cost?
Is the mic on?  Attention:  How in the hell do you hate on a plaza?  Better yet, how do you hate on a well-landscaped plaza that hosts a ton of free events?  Seriously, is there some other plaza that I don't know about that's going to throw a Michael Jackson tribute party, have an outdoor market each week, host Questlove from the Roots, and feature a big ole screen to watch Phill's games?  

Someone please tell me about this OTHER place because clearly I'm missing out.  

Otherwise, the Piazza is one of the coolest places that Philly has going with or without the excess of hipsters.  Like, so what... let them be hipsters.  Shoot, you're probably a hipster yourself.  So, go pedal your little road bike over to the Piazza you hipster!  I know I will.
Liked your college dorm experience so much and don't wanna lose that vibe when you move up on in to the real world?

Have I got a place for you!?!

It's called the Piazza at Schmidt's.

Dude, what's happening on the Quad today?
I hope something really ultra bitchin'.
I totally felt like I was in Europe!  To be fair, I only knew beforehand that my friend had moved into a new apartment in no libs at 1050 Hanock.  I had no idea the Piazza even existed.  So when I saw it I blown away!  Spacious open plaza, cute shops, bars, restaurants, diverse crowd with a hipster edge mingling about... and a jumbo-tron on one side showing the phils game.  I wanted to become homeless right then and spend the rest of my bum life as a street artist there.  Sorta.

This place is beautiful, and kick-ass for people watching.  My friend's balcony overlooks the plaza - it doesn't get better than that.  I didn't get to spend a ton of time walking around, but it looks like there are definitely some great bars, restaurants and boutiques to check out.  Or just spend a day chilling at one of the tables in the center of the plaza.  Live music acts on the stage they have set up would be awesome too I'm sure.  And there were so many dogs around it almost made me want a puppy.  Almost.

My only complaint is the techno music that was booming Sunday early afternoon.  Cmon, my head is pounding already...

But this place is fantastic.  Just has a super cool vibe.  I can't wait to hang out around here more... I had no idea a place like this even existed in philly!  Felt like I was on vacation.

Hands down best part though: FREE 24-HR PARKING LOT.  'Nuff said.
Seeking a new city to locate my growing business, I came across a few vacancy listings at the Piazza.  

I Googled both the owner's name (Bart Blatstein) and his company (Tower Investments) and discovered a laundry list of  lawsuits tied in with this gentleman..... ongoing Corruption which are decades old.... not to mention the tactics this man puts people through.  (See link)

http://www.phillymag.com/restaurants/articles/shola_vs_blatstein_the_saga_of_the_city_s_most_mysterious_chef/

A bit more research rendered the discovery of how the City of  Phila. and State of PA (politicians) divert money to him.  Shame on you!  Shame on the what you're doing in the name of 
Good Will and Good Business Conduct.  
I will Not be choosing your City nor this location.  (See link)

http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/our-money/104267384.html

Look, I have nothing to prove here.  No interest for or against this man, this property or City.  I just thought the Piazza looked like a possibility and wanted to find out more about the interests involved.  
When I took a look at Philadelphia as a possible city to locate, my investigations lead me to more than I bargained for and thought others may want to know the results.

Without sounding altruistic, I hope people read this and realize they can spend their $ elsewhere, where integrity still exists so that good business prevails and that those who are underhanded and criminal stop siphoning money from the hands of the Citizens.  Good Luck.
I lived in the Erbe building for a year and it was hell. This place is a "glorified dorm" and the most overrated area in Philadelphia.
Do not live here. Do not fall for the idea of community living in a cool neighborhood. There are many many other places to pick from I promise you! The noise level here is unsatisfactory. The management company recently changed and could give two sh*its about you as a human. My rent rates increased over $400 and another $125 increase for parking. No improvements were done to warrant this raise. I don't have a dog so a new dog park doesn't pertain to me. They took away a 5%!!! Discount they offered to military. I begged them to reconsider bc not sure about you, but I didn't get a $400 raise in the last year to dump into rent. They didn't reconsider. The Montesino building is above we work who has parties and events on the regular that make your whole apartment vibrate if you are lucky enough to live above them. Ohhh and I had water leaking from my ceiling for two days after they swore they fixed it. After hours maintenance told me there was too much traffic to come back to fix it that night. I could go on. But you get the idea. Pass it up.
The best way to describe being a resident in these apartment complexes is to think of "Fyre Festival." The idea of the Piazza may seem nice to an onlooker, but once you actually put the money down and you begin living here, you quickly realize you've been scammed.

I could easily describe the details that have made living here horrible, but the biggest annoyance of it all is that their management team has made it quite clear to us that they just do not care. As long as they are continuing to reel in the next blind-sided new residents, they ignore the fact that their current residents are all extremely unhappy. 

My roommate, myself, and others within our building have contacted the management team many times only to not get any reply whatsoever (after multiple attempts and weeks gone pass) or to get some robotic unsympathetic reply that makes you just want to rip your hair out further. We have continued to ask for the higher-up management contact information to voice our frustrations that have extended through our entire lease, which began in March 2019, and have been blatantly ignored.  

Then the team here tries to pretend they are sympathetic to us all waking up at the crack of dawn Monday - Saturday to construction for 4+ months (still ongoing to this date with no end in site) by putting up flyers for a free breakfast. LOL yea a pop-tart is really going to help make me feel better that we are paying higher than average rent prices for the area only to wake up to jack hammers every morning that last well into the evening hours. 

Some other quick side notes to mention:

-the package room is unreliable - packages constantly do not get put into lockers until hours/days later, allowing anyone to grab yours to for you to just never be contacted you received one
-the elevators move slower than a snail-pace. at least 1 of the 2 is normally out-of-order
-parking in the garage costs $220 despite the fact it is never even close to being full 
-walls are paper thin between units
-although you need a fob to access into the buildings, there is no security or safety whatsoever considering the construction workers all come here daily and prop open the door to leave it open, allowing anyone to walk on in 
-did I mention that management does and communicates NOTHING?

If you or anyone know you know is considering living in the area, STAY CLEAR OF ANY BUILDING OWNED THROUGH CURRENT PIAZZA MANAGEMENT!! I wish I had realized the majority of these positive reviews are in regards to the general area/local businesses rather than the living arrangements when I was moving into Philly. I would have saved a lot of money and a whole lot of headaches from this ongoing construction.
BE VERY CAREFUL of the "free" parking. Since the new management took over, the free section is getting smaller and smaller, and George's tow truck is waiting in the parking lot 24/7 to tow cars. I've seen countless cars getting towed over the past few weeks in what used to be the free section. Now it seems that there is not enough permit parking so they are creating permit parking only sections of the formerly free parking section.
The Piazza claims it is "ice skating" but they are using what is called synthetic ice which is a fancy way of saying you are skating on plastic.  And calling it "skating" is a stretch as all you are really able to do is shuffle your feet.  Forget about being able to glide or actually do anything if you were on actual ice.  The only plus is that the people who work in the skate rental place are very nice.  BTW - they only accept credit cards, which is also not mentioned anywhere on their website.

If you want to go ice skating, I suggest heading down to the Penn's Landing River Rink.
I was in downtown Philly for one day with my brother and our respective girlfriends, we had a great day, went to a few bars and had lunch right next door to the Piazza ice skating rink, so when we walked by it again on our way back to our car, we figured we'd give it a shot.

After we paid, they told us it was fake ice. We got on the ice and immediately regretted giving them any money. Each square acts differently and you have no ability to skate at all. Basically you walk around on ice skates. As well, they gave me a broken skate and I would have hurt my ankle if my girlfriend hadn't looked down and notice that the entire shoe was coming apart.

After 30 seconds of walking and tripping on something that didn't resemble ice at all we went back in and asked for a refund. The woman was nice, but had no ability to give us a refund at all. So we waited since the manager was supposed to come down and "fix it" or give us a refund. He never came. Basically they stole our money for no service.

Do not bother.
Where would the piazza fall if it were to be compared? I believe it's private property, no? Yet public enough to feel inviting.
What hasn't already been said. The restaurants in the area will go further and further downhill as time goes on. PYT has already sunken to nope status.
Free concerts are nice, but I've never been to one.  The Phillies game is usually on, but sports on tv bore me.
Overall: not worth the effort for a special trip unless you're meeting people then it's fun, but more of a vessel for the fun.  I guess the crowd and your mood would either make or break this non-business non-green space in the city.
Last, I'm glad I don't live there!
I live about 5 blocks from here and every weekend, the time I need to relax, I have to shut all my windows. The concerts here suck ass to begin with and the bands that play on Saturdays all scream at the top of their lungs. Why? I haven't a clue. All you hear is bass and shitty vocals. I've walked over there many times and even checked one out (instead of being a hater). Only one word came to my mind when I was there, "STUPID."
I don't know how anyone could live near here and I'm sure after a while they will feel the way I do, extremely annoyed.
Pros:
*Brought a whole bunch of local businesses and art galleries to a fun and up-and-coming neighborhood.
*Provides a nice space to kill some time, watch a baseball game, or shop from local vendors in the "marketplace".
*There is no other space like the Piazza in the city (that I can think of). Points for originality.

Cons:
*The apartments at the Piazza (and all other Tower Investments properties) are small, poorly designed, and overpriced. Tower Investments is single-handedly driving up rent prices in Northern Liberties while simultaneously lowering expectations for apartments both in size and character.
*And speaking of character, the Piazza is so corporate, so vanilla, that it really detracts from the charm that NoLibs once had.
*I'm really concerned that the local business and art galleries will not be able to afford to stay in the Piazza. If a two bedroom apartment is $1900 per month, I can't imagine what the rent for a storefront must be.

That's it. That's the best I can do.
I used to live in one of these buildings. First off its way too expensive, secondly you can hear everything! When my upstairs neighbor vacuumed it sounded like there were 2 vacuums in my apartment, no lie. And don't even get me started about the little dogs and her walking around in high heels at 10 in the morn. The other part about this place that bothers me is how artificial everything feels. Aly M. had a good point, why isn't there grass in the middle? 

The art and T-shirt shops are unique I guess, but I'm not really into dropping $50 on a shiny T-shirt. It seems like everything is the same there; t-shirt shop, art gallery, t-shirt shop, art gallery, lame bar, etc. 

I love Northern Liberties; I've been living there for the past 2 years. There are so many fun things to do here, and the people are awesome. But the Piazza just doesn't fit in, its too fake, and trying way too hard to be cool. Plus the restaurants in there don't even come close to what you'd get at a classic place like Std. Tap (excluding Bar Ferdinand of course).
Renting at the piazza - Their slogan is that it's not about living, it's about lifestyle. If you like fire alarms going off several times a week in the middle of the night, rent here. If you like piss poor communications and response from the management staff and maintenance staff, rent here. If you like walking past trash scattered all over the parking lot from the dumpster they put right in front, rent here.
I've lived in the piazza for the past year.  I am reviewing this as a resident.  I have loved living here since the second I moved in.  There's always people around, things to do, and awesome people in my building.  I am reading some people complaining about the noise, but honestly are you surprised?  Do you hear drunk people, of course.  Is it sometimes loud, of course.  I mean there's a giant TV screen in the courtyard.  It's clearly a party place.  Oddly enough living there, it becomes background noise.  

The bars IN the piazza are only semi ok.  Max's and Gunner's Run are really lame, but if you go down 2nd street there are some gems.  

I am very bummed that the building was bought and the rent has gone up so highly.  I think its not worth that price, and they will have a hard time filling it.  However, I guess time will tell.
This place is white boy as shit. I'm all about local business and gentrification and investing in your community though, so it's really got a good thing going on. In the center of three huge condo complexes in "beautiful Northern Liberties" is the wonderful concrete piazza. Complete with obscure benches and shops, it's a fun place to hang out on a nice day. Various dance/block parties are hosted there as well. If you're looking to peruse the shops, bring some cash. Most of the stores I stopped into were pricey, but deffinately had nice clothes, jewelry, bike goods, etc. There are also a number of  art galleries, restaurants, a Trader Joe's meets Co-op kinda place, and anything and everything else that sorta embraces hipsterdom. Parking is free and it's a  fun way to spend a summer afternoon.
The place is really picking up as the summer rolls on.  I've been going to various weekly events for the past few weeks, and just thought to post after a rather successful concert put on by the local radio station at the Piazza.  

The concert was splendid, and the venue was perfect for it.  Swift Half pub had a packed beer garden, and I believe everyone present had a good time.  I'm sure the various shops made out like bandits with all the consumers wandering around for the afternoon.

For the most part, weekends are a pleasant stroll around here.  I'm no fashionable or high-culture kind of guy, nor am I a quintessential hipster, so I usually only purchase stuff at the candy shop down liberties walk, or drinks/food from one of the bars/resturaunts/cafes.  But it's worth spending free time just walking around, and as mentioned elsewhere, would likely make a good inexpensive night out with a significant other.   Fantastic free dates would be their Friday night film series (usually an independant film, but they've been decent the past few weeks), or one of the summer block parties the first Saturday of each month.  Even cheaper if you make a little picnic of your own to bring.

PYT and Swift Half serve alcohol, though you are limited to purchasing and consuming within the roped off patios they maintain.  During events, security will confiscate personal liquor and beer supplies, just as a fair-weather warning.

I believe the only improvements I'd look for in the Piazza as a whole are a nice bookstore, and (as mentioned in some other posts) perhaps a bit more greenery.  Ideally, I'd love to see them start hosting some more casual social events on weeknights like a karaoke or maybe bags tournaments.  But it is really becoming something very nice for the community as is.
My husband and I currently live at the Novana building at the Piazza. If you're thinking about moving here- DO NOT DO IT.
Walls are paper thin, and I mean PAPER THIN...we hear the little dogs that constantly bark on both sides of us and the people above us whenever they talk, walk, vaccum, etc.. 
You can hear all outside noises too especially the construction trucks at 6:30 a.m. EVERYDAY.
Everything looks nice inside but it's made of crappy materials and breaks. Plus, the apartments are very small and laid out odd...the bathrooms are HUGE but the bedrooms are tiny...
We got an amazing deal on the place (2 free months) but we are already looking for our next place...no way we will renew our lease.
If I could give zero, I would definitely choose to give zero.
After changing the management company post brother, this apartment became more and more unfriendly. The parking building was originally free. They later charged $ 75 a month. After a few months, it rose to $ 150 a month. In a few months, it rose to $ 225 a month, and the price was comparable to that of downtown parking. More than that, when you move out, they will try their best to deduct your deposit. I paid a deposit of $ 1860 before. When I moved out, the office found various reasons. I did n't receive any emails or letters at all. In the case, I found a third-party company privately, deducted my deposit, and asked me to pay $ 3,140. There was absolutely no reason. I previously emailed my address and said that the deposit would be returned to me. After I gave the address, I did not receive any deposit. A third-party letter was sent to my friend 's house. This is the new one. Please do not live here with the management company. They will try their best to exploit your deposit and even make you pay more than one month after you move away. And, for no reason.
I already had the chance to write a blog about the Piazza (*ahem* - http://culturemob.com/blog/the-piazza-at-schmidts-adds-a-whole-new-experience-to-northern-liberties) before officially paying it a visit, so I knew that I was in for a serious treat when I finally got around to experiencing it. And since it looked like I was going to get that first shot during a full fledged music fest of amazement you best believe I was ready. and even though that fest got delayed by a torrential downpour I still loved what I witnessed.

The outdoor sector was amazing, especially the stage portion, and the huge ass screen, even if it was projecting golf when I was watching. even though the Sync Stage was rained out they still had artists braving the weather to peddle their wares which you had to admire. and since they have music and view movies and Phillies games during most good weather nights I can picture it during a better situation with ease.

And since I'll be dropping future reviews on spots like Euphoria, Swift Half, and The Toothless Cat, you best believe that overall I loved the store fronts that The Piazza had to offer. it had the perfect balance of crazy art galleries, distinct clothing stores, and diverse restaurants to make me swoon. And with places like P.Y.T. on the horizon (shout out to Tommy Up!) its only going to get better. and did I mention that the entire Piazza hooks up free wi-fi? Huzzah!
I don't think of the Piazza as a place, but rather as a memory in my life. Or maybe it's iconic of modern Philadelphia, a display of of how the city can delight and depress simultaneously.

A flat, descriptive review will not do for the Piazza. This review is not so much about the location, but a reflection of the 2 years I lived one mile due north of Northern Liberties. The Piazza has been a place I have visited countless times. 

The first time I visited this neighborhood was in 1993 where I attended a rave that happened to be a fundraiser. It was in this expansive warehouse in seemed to be a remote location. My second visit to Northern Liberties was to the Piazza in 2009, maybe an hour or two after the tragic murder of Rian Thal. The Piazza was a pickup location for a Making Time shuttle to a New Jersey pool party and I traveled to No Libs from distant Ardmore that day. Police cruisers were entering the area, but no one knew what the story was until later.

So I had a peculiar introduction to the Piazza. I returned to the Piazza all summer to attend the Sundae dance parties. I loved those parties and marveled how the Piazza could host such an ethereal event where children and adults danced without spilling alcohol on each other. I felt so alive then and the party was compelling for me to commute over an hour to go there.

And then I moved to South Kensington in October of 2009 and my relationship to the Piazza changed. It was no longer a distant relation, it was my next door neighbor. I know the Piazza's comings and goings as I pas it on 2nd street. I'd pop in when friends were there and would see what it's newest face lift was. I was annoyed by the ropes for private or paying events and got a sense of its true quasi-public nature. The non-public bathrooms were the greatest affront to me although kind residents would sneak in my friend with her little boy. But I still watched Phillies games and would wander in to eat at PYT now and again.

I have decided to move from my neighborhood and back over to West Philly. Just yesterday as I walked past the Piazza to go to the Standard Tap. I wondered aloud if I'd ever be back to the Piazza. I suppose I will, but I have a "been there, done that" feeling. Why couldn't there have been even a patch of landscaping in that space, rather than PYT's tongue in cheek astroturf? Northern Liberties needs more green space.
I moved into the Piazza at Schmidt's 8 months ago based on the parking and location and could not be more angry with myself. Since I have moved into the building I have dealt with two shooting incidents. The first one occurred 3 months back when a stray bullet or bb hit the glass on the balcony - shattering it. It took 5 weeks for them to replace. The second incident occurred last night - where a man was killed after being shot 3 times right outside the entry to the building. As if that was not bad enough... there is never any parking. The lots are constantly filled, and chances are you will need to park on the street.

Before you consider moving here, think very carefully about it. The staff is nice, but three people have been shot and killed here and it is only 3 years old!
As a resident I feel scammed.  I signed a lease for a 1 bedroom apt that included: front door man, washer dryer in unit, dishwasher, and a parking spot.  But  after moving in I've made a list of pros and cons about the building:
 
-Pro: The parking lot is well lit. So you feel safe at night getting out of your car and it's gated so there is nearly no car thefts.  

-Con: The parking lot is full every time  I come home for work after 8.  After I was told that they are sorry they told me they do not have enough spots for the tenants that live here and sign a lease with 1 permitted spot. AND  right after that statement I was told that if I need a spot in the lot I should leave work earlier to gar enter one......so basically I can get leave work before my work is done get fired and inevitably from loosing my income not be able to pay my rent and get evicted OR I can keep my job, but park ion one of the dark streets surrounding the area and get mugged, raped, or have my car broken into.  

-Pro: If you submit a maintenance request they come and fix it within the week.....for the most part.

-Con: They never call or email before they come, I've placed 6 requests and they have all stated that I need to be contacted before entry.   They have never called or emailed me before entering, they have my email, work number, and cell. They have also entered my apt twice because the apt below had a leak I the ceiling they thought came from my apt. and entered without calling.  Per Philly tenant law if I state I need to be contacted before entry they have to, and they have to speak with me to confirm the time and if they can enter if I am not home.... My answer would always be no and that I'd like to be present.  If it is an emergency they have to attempt to contact before entry. Which has also never happened, and to top it off they entered my apt for the leak emergency while I was in Asia for work (with full cell and email access mind you)....never contacted AND when I got back from my exhausting work trip my door was left open!!!! Open!!! 

-Pro: They send you one bill for your water and power through a service called my flow 

-Con:My bills have been through the roof!!!! As have many of my neighbors.  The bills make no sense.  The water electric bills have been close tpm$200 a month, I was told when signing the lease they would about $75-$100 a month max pending how often I run my air and heat.....a lie.......I live in a small 1 bedroom, have barely run my heat or air, been out of town a week each month and never here on the weekend!  That makes no sense.  

-Pro: lots to do I the area.

-Con: The area is still pretty sketchy and dangerous.  Lots of mugging  sand car break ins. An improvement from years past, but as someone new to philly that asked about the neighborhood and crime I do t feel this was totally disclosed in full.

-Pro: Great natural light. 

-Con: the power has gone out after 2 of the summer concerts for over 24 hours.  Again on a day it was 100 degrees out for 23 hours. And several other times for 2 to three hours for no reason at all.  Never once did management email me back when I asked why it happened  and when it would be fixed.  
 
-Pro and Con: Close to the subway. 

-Pro: very dog friendly

-Con: overpriced for what you REALLY get


In the end if I had to choose where to sign a lease again....it would not be here at the Piazza.....unless they charged $500 less a month.  It's simply not worth the problems with billing, Matinence, parking, neighborhood crime, and the managements lack of effort to help improve these situations.  After you sign that lease you are locked in for a year and your soul now basically belongs to them so why should they care at all about their tenants satisfaction?!?!?
I almost didn't write a review of this place because I just don't have too much to say about it. I just don't like it. I think it's stupid. The stores and restaurants are all overpriced.

I couldn't agree more with the "6th borrough of NYC" comment and that guy didn't even have to go there to get that vibe. It's got all the trendy smugness of Brooklyn and it's only moderately as opposed to ridiculously overpriced.

I'm not a huge Northern Liberties fan anyway, but crap like this is decidedly taking Philly further in a direction I'm not too excited about.

Also, I wish there was grass in the courtyard instead of just a huge cement space, that'd be much cooler.
I have been coming to the Piazza or now the Schmidt's Commons since it was conceptualized. 
 In the beginning there appeared to be a disconnect with the stores and restaurants that were located in the general area - now it appears that there has been a reconfiguration of the stores and restaurants/bars that have a more natural flow and connection.  

The outdoor stage is awesome and when events are hosted - it draws a nice crowd.  I was please to see that Walhburgers purchased a space for "Free Parking" and this makes all the difference with accessing this area.  I attending the "Art @ Night" show and it was a cool Burlesque and Acrobatic Show - What great fun!

I plan to return to the area more frequently so I can keep up with all the fun and new things happening int he area.
This is a review specifically for living at the Piazza of Northern Liberties: don't. You will regret it. Their big drawl is their practically free resident parking and large apartments (most are bi-level). It is not worth the noise, riffraff, location, and terrible management staff. The apartment walls may SEEM thick b/c they are made of cinderblock, but none of the hallways are carpeted. I can hear my neighbors, the people upstairs, people down my hallway etc. As a young female, I definitely do not feel safe walking anywhere alone when it is dark (or becoming dark) outside. There are a lot of sketchy people who wander over here from North Philly. I have worked in Camden for two years and I rarely feel unsafe there so I think that is a good comparison. Also, the parking lot is not gated nor monitored so anything can happen to you or your car in the lot! To me, it is very dangerous to have this set up only 2 blocks off of Girard avenue. Sundays are particularly awful because Gunner's Run has a white-out party that attracts an interesting crowd. Let's just say that the people who go to this party are not the same people who are living at the Piazza. Originally, I thought the location of the Piazza was ideal being close to Old City and having a lot of restaurants and bars locally. I have yet to go to a restaurant in my neighborhood that I would consider good. Almost everything has been an overpriced, trendy disappointment. If you want to cab to Old City it is about $20 round trip plus tip, for Center City about $30 plus tip, which I consider pricy if you are taking cabs alone. I thought that I would take the Girard station Market Frankfort line but after seeing it during the day and feeling uncomfortable and unsafe, I would never be able to take it before going out at night. Thus, I feel very isolated in my apartment because it is difficult to get to any other part of the city. Finally, the management is completely incompetent. Finding an apartment, signing the lease, and moving in were actually comical periods of my life. The staff has no idea how to answer about 75% of questions they receive about the properties that they rent. For example, they had no idea which apartments were actually available when showing them to potential renters. It was extremely frustrating to find one. Additionally, they made my swipe key wrong and didn't give us any type of guide on how to use the thermostat or garbage disposal. Further, I was told that there were 3 overnight guest parking spots. About 3 weeks ago, I asked about those spots and I was informed that they "never had overnight guest parking." I was also told that there was a security guard who would walk you to your car at night if you were worried about walking alone. After signing the lease and moving in, I learned that no, security won't walk you anywhere. It seemed like they told us what we wanted to hear so we would agree to their terms. 

What bothers me most about the Piazza is honestly the location. If you want a true "Living in the city of Philadelphia" experience, you probably will not get it here unless you are adventurous and want to take the subway or you are able to spend so much on cabs to get around. I would advise looking in Old City or Center City in a safer location with better restaurants and nightlife if you want a good experience!
Once again I'm comin atcha with another off-hour review. Your grandad and I like to avoid the crowds. Or whatever, we just happened to be in the neighborhood on a lazy Sunday afternoon recently. Cute little restaurants and shops, ya know, stuff to look at... Some people were laying about with their dogs, some people were having drinks...The huge TV was showing a hockey game but since the Flyers are outta it, I sourly shunned watching it. 

 I appreciate the European style square. I definitely dig that idea. I'm no expert, and maybe it's just that I've been watching a lot of that show, 'House Hunters International' lately, but it feels very Eastern European to me...formerly-communist-Eastern-Europe-like. Am I crazy? It is also quite possible, perhaps, that the buildings surrounding the square simply remind me of those that I'd seen in 2003's foreign feature film, 'Goodbye Lenin.'  Nice reference, Kathleen.  Very good. That seems like a keen example to which everybody will be able to relate. I need an accompanying slide show for every conversation. It would come in handy, believe me. Mostly what I mean is, the architecture of those buildings, the windows, the look... it feels cold war, baby.
We really like The Piazza. I only wish it was around way back when I lived in No Libs. The city needed a place like this. So Italian-esque. I love that about it! The neighborhood itself is really booming continually so there's always somewhere new to try nearby, making this a central stop before or after a night out in thriving Northern Liberties. 

We have never had anything but a good time here.... burgers and the ball game on the big screen. Dinner after bowling down the street. Drinks outside on a gorgeous night with friends. Movie screenings, concerts, yoga and festivals too. Such a versatile place and very kid and pet friendly too! 

The restaurants directly in The Piazza aren't as wonderful as some of the surrounding ones but if you're looking to just kick back and grab some decent food and watch a game, they'll do just fine. We are actually sad to see PYT and Darlings go. 

There are a few neat shops...vintage, records, children's. Very fun and funky, but they do close earlier in the night. There's also a organic deli and convenience store for any last minute needs. 

Street parking on 2nd can be a tad tricky. There's construction constantly and many "no stopping" spots so keep your eyes open. It's not impossible, jus takes patience. Your best bet is the gravel lot behind The Piazza but be careful to only park in designated areas and no parking between 3-5am which basically means no overnight parking. 

You can bring blankets and your own chairs to certain events so essentially you can come here for a virtually free night just maybe grabbing a drink at one of the bars nearby! 

Fab Philly Mom says: absolutely bring the kids! Mine love dancing on the stage, running around and playing corn-hole. Bring bubbles or chalk, even a ball. It's nice to just sit back and not worry about them. You can keep an eye on them right there. So great.
This  place is terrible. Management is the worse. The do literally nothing. They put on a real nice show for people looking to rent but after you sign they suck. DONT MOVE IN HERE!!!  1 Star is to generouS. I currently live here and I'm counting  the days down until i can move out.
I came here during the day on a beautiful Saturday morning to grab some brunch and see what it was all about. First I suppose I should mention that I've never been here, so it is possible I was just caught up in the modernness of it all. I love the look of the place, kind of like a planned neighborhood (like suburbs) but prettier. I'm sure the stores are expensive, but when I was there I really just wanted to see what it was all about. 

I went to Darling's for food and had a pretty good experience. Afterwards we walked through the farmer's market and thought it was interesting that there weren't many 'farmers' there. There was a nut and dried fruit guy, a guy selling local meats and cheeses, a cheese/pie person, and a bread guy, but no fruits and vegetables, which I'm pretty sure is a requirement for a farmer's market. 

Anyhow there was also a fashion/craft show going on with lots of stalls with different products. I bought an awesome frilly headband from one vendor and am very excited to wear it out (it's a bit much for everyday wear). We walked around and talked to some of the vendors, and basically had a brilliant time. We ended our visit with a trip to Euphoria smoothies and coffee and grabbed some most excellent bubble teas. 

Truly, I thought it was a great time, and a very interesting space to hang out in. I like the idea that if feels so different from Philadelphia, it basically made me want to move to the neighborhood (probably not actually in the Piazza, but a house nearby could be pretty great.) I will definitely be returning in the future to see what it's like at different times and to visit more of the shops.
It's a lovely outdoor space but I had to move out.  It's just so loud and crowded now.  Too many bros.

I do enjoy the farmer's market though!
Beautiful building but the walls are paper thin. You can hear conversations your neighbors are having regularly, you can hear people walking down the hallway. My floor has original floors and I can hear the people below us regularly argue. Management has been OK. The new gym is much better than what it use to be. The movies that they show outside are great and I appreciate the different events they have. I am looking forward to moving out of my apartment.
Updating my old review.

The place has gone down hill. Rents have gone up with the post brothers taking over, and the new management don't know what they're doing yet. The place is in disarray. Stay away.
run far away from anything post brothers manages.
Many of you already know that I generally do my First Friday Arts Crawl in Old City since I carry a bit of respect for the OG. But the facts that Tom C. had a photo display in the area that was very documented on here (http://www.yelp.com/events/philadelphia-find-your-focus---photographs-by-thomas-robert-clarke), I needed to pay a long overdue visit to Area 919 (http://www.yelp.com/biz/area-919-philadelphia#hrid:iOvraMBsXeK0ANfuKlOqPg/src:self), and my friend Taryn had an goods on sale at the Piazza; it meant that I needed to take things to NoLibs For the first time, And now it's probably going to be a long time before I go back!

With spots like Area 919, and Projects Gallery (http://www.yelp.com/biz/projects-gallery-philadelphia#hrid:xDkjLolfHr-xwTjfqK5ilA/src:self) there was already plenty of good reasons to hit up that area as part of the Arts Crawl. But the Piazza increased that number ten fold! I already included the Toothless Cat Gallery, and Pure Gold Gallery among my long list of reviews. But there's destined to be at least 4-5 others that will add on to my road towards 800 reviews (900 when you factor the added updates goal!). And that just shows the Piazza's dedication towards the local arts.

But there's more! As I foreshadowed above my friend was part of a craft fair that they had going on. And she got opportunity from a random Facebook posting that I sent her *Hint Hint*! Not only that, but there was a DJ spinning some throwback tunes from Prince and Stevie Wonder. They also had the Phillies Game blowing up outside on the big screen. Do you want more? then how about the awesome spreads of food and libations that most of the Galleries offered for their receptions (a special occasion thing of course)? It got to the point that they had me needing the bathroom that most of the galleries seriously lacked. Good thing one of the main buildings had it's own built in public restrooms! So overall it was another awesome occasion at the Piazza!
I just wanted to update on my living experience here at the Piazza. While I appreciate that they have hired more staff in the leasing office, their lack of training does not help their customers in any way. I lost my swipe card during the second week of September and asked for a new one. I was told that they were completely out of cards but they were ordered and on their way. I week later, I checked back in, and same excuse...the cards were "on their way." About a week later, I check in again. Still no cards. This time, the shipping order was wrong. I waited until last week to ask again about the swipe cards. They still did NOT have cards. Their excuse last week was that their "system was down" and "the man" came out to "fix the system." To make matters more frustrating, I cannot get into the gym without a card. They told us to ask the "security" in the Navonna building when we needed to get swiped into the gym. Today I went to ask him and he did not have a swipe card either....apparently his supervisor left it at home.

 I have not had a swipe card for a month and a half now. They charge $25 for an additional card and I think I will politely ask for a free one considering the trouble I've gone through this past month and a half.
Once you move here, the management team could literally care less about your well being. The first day I moved in, I did not receive a key fob to access my building and the girl who was supposed to give me one left because it was 5:00 and she was done working for the day. I spent my first day waiting outside the Erbe building waiting for another tenant to let me in.

My biggest issue is that they breached their contract with the security deposit, which I found out recently because I was able to get in contact with a higher-up of Post Brothers. I took over a sublease, and the management refused to give the deposit back to those moving out, and said we needed to handle it internally. So I ended up giving these random people I did not know over $1200 over Venmo. After deciding to move out after 3 months because the sub lease was over and I was having an insane amount of issues living here, they made the girl who was moving into my apartment give me the deposit and refused to hand me it back themselves. The way deposits are being handled not only shady but illegal.

When I decided to move in and take over the sub lease, management refused to have the apartment cleaned Which is an extremely health hazard due to COVID, and is also disgusting considering the tenants who's lease we were taking over had a dog who shed all over the apartment. There were clumps of dog hair piling up throughout. The tenants who's sub lease we took over ended up having to pay over $400 to hire cleaners because the Piazza simply didn't care to do so.

My worst situation was when I decided I was not going to renew the lease and they tried their best to keep me trapped for another year here. I gave them 30 days notice and they gave me the okay. My roommate at the time was still not giving them an answer whether or not she was renewing, so they decided two days before my move out date (which I already hired movers and had everything boxed up) to send me an email at 4pm on a Friday suddenly saying that my lease is set to automatically renew. I called them saying what is this email I already said I'm not renewing and they said since my roommate never let them know, I'm set to automatically renew. Why wasn't this discussed to me weeks before? Why are you literally renewing my contract when I said I do not want to live here? I understand they need to know from my roommate, but why am I being punished for this and threatened?

Ive had two packages stolen and I was told by the Piazza that it was not their responsibility but the mail carriers (even tho I had confirmation that it was correctly dropped off at the correct location.) To access the room, you only need a key fob but it's out on the street so anyone can piggy back behind another person and steal packages. They're all left out in the open and it's a complete cluster of 100 packages not secured. My roommate and others also had issues with stolen packages from the mail room.

You will be told rent will only increase to about 1-3 %. I took over a sublease for 3 months and they increased it by 6%. Three months of living here.

Fire alarm testing during the work hours on weekdays so I could no longer work remote at the apartment. I had to go home to my parents house. I brought this up to management and they once again claimed this is not their issue.

I have personally called management myself about the issues I was having and my last phone call resulted in the go-to management person going off on me, speaking over me in a condescending tone and refusing to help me because I left a bad review. There's a reason there's only about 5 units filled on my floor of about 50 units. Save your mental health, hard earned money and find somewhere to live where you're cared for and treated with respect and dignity. Moving out after only 3 months of living here was one of the best decisions I've made.
I spent the weekend visiting a friend who lives in a surround building in the complex. Luckily her side of the building is not the side where the TV is mounted to otherwise it would have been loud but her proximity to the Piazza was welcomed. 

Once I saw this place I fell in love. Shops, galleries, restaurants, and bars dot the lower level and apartments rise from there. The is a mix of shop types so everyone can find something- Trickzone for kids and adults enjoying magic, Lyla has the girlies covered with cute handmade fabric pieces, Darlings has great casual food, etc. The Piazza has a welcoming feeling to it with its large TV and stage, open seating, and plenty of people relaxing with friends and their dogs. 

There is a weekly farmer's market on Saturday's that draws in great vendors and more people to create an active Piazza. There is a variety of products from eggs, meats, cheese, pastries, breads, and of course fruits and veggies. 

The Piazza is really clean and patrolled well to keep the Piazza safe. There are plenty of trash recepticals and if there is a mess it is cleaned up quickly. 

Adjacent free parking is a great way to draw people here. I know a food store is going to be moving in the area so I wonder how that will effect things but for now it is working.
Jared Kushner purchased this property and its currently owned by Kushner Properties. I refuse to support this jerk and his corrupt family. Philly has so many cool locally owned places that there is no reason to go to this corporate artificial and contrived disney hipster bullshit place.
****THE INSIDER EDITION******

I've been living in Erbe for 3yrs and can't wait to end my lease, to never renew again. 
For the most part I enjoy living here, the location is less congested than the rest of the city, permit parking is free for residents and there's a guest parking lot for visitors. Parking is a huge plus considering it is a major headache when living in any city. It's also nice to have restaurants and bars in walking distance. Over all living here has been very convenient. 

Here comes the pitfall.... "ADULT COLLEGE DORM FOR TRUST FUND BABIES"

*THE TURN AROUND:
Management at The Pizza is a turnstyle door. Never the same employees from month to month, the leases are contingent upon what new management person does yours (never the same lease from year to year and also differentiate from tenant to tenant). 

*SOMEONE CALLED MAINTENANCE?? 
You're waiting up to  3 days for them. They don't schedule an appointment to come into your apartment, either....they just enter (sometimes even when you're in the shower.) 

*NOTHING'S FOR FREE...LIVING AT THE PIAZZA: 
Tower nickel and dimes their tenants to DEATH. Locked out of your apartment? That's a $100 fee to open your door for you. Want a closer parking spot? That's a $100 a month extra fee onto your rent.  You pay for GAS, WATER, PECO & COMCAST. They threaten every lease renewal to charge for TRASH also. 

*FREE EVENTS MAKE US CRINGE:
The Events are great for those who don't live here. THEY are VERY loud, forget about sleeping/napping or hearing your own TV set until they're over. Drunks from all the events (NYE and 104.5 Concerts) try to get into your building and it can be a scary experience if you are a girl. 

*WHAT SECURITY? 
Need a security guard or your security deposit back? Well you won't seeing either. There's one security guard (who ONLY sits in the Navona Building) guess since Erbe pays less money.....we don't get one. Security deposits are waved in front of  ex-tenants, they want you to clean, paint, and basically remodel the apartment better than it was rented to you in order to get your security back. So frustrating. 

I've enjoyed living here but it's sad/annoying how they treat their tenants, especially reliable ones who stay for a few years.
Horrible customer service...Deanna Scott was extremely rude. She took absolutely no responsibility for wasting my time. Fifteen minutes before my scheduled appointment she told me that I could not even be five minutes late (in the pouring rain).  And this is only because I called first! If I hadn't called, she never would have told me. Then I would have walked in the building and found out. Do not rent here! They do not care about you!
How can you not like the Piazza?  Where else in the city are you going to find a huge open space that mimics a European square? Yes--there are a lot of hipsterish folks around here, but don't let them deter you ;-)

I love that you can just come here one day when you have nothing to do and automatically find something to do--whether it's people watching while you eat gelato, buying local goods from the farmers market, enjoying a sports game on the big tv screen, attending a live concert, lounging on the lawn chairs, or eating the new Krispy Kreme Burger at PYT----there is always something to do!

Great place for bringing out-of-town guests!

REQUEST: Please Bring the Dance Parties back in the summer on Sunday.  Since this party moved to Octo it's just not the same :-(
Wait, a cool concept that was well designed and executed?!? I am as shocked as you.  The Piazza is certainly a nice place to catch a show thanks to the Summer Block Parties Radio 104.5 has been putting on the last few years.  It is also a decent place to just hang out if you are looking for somewhere to go in the No Libs area. Am I going to make a point to go there every day or even once a week?  Probably not, but then again I do live in Manayunk!  The free parking (except for show day) and selection of food and drink make the Piazza worth a visit and a return trip. Enjoy!
I saw the best minds of my generation 
Destroyed by making time, starving hypocritical ...naked? 
Dragging themselves through the northern streets at dawn 
Looking for Hedwig and some angry inch
Angel-headed hipsters txting for the facebook connection
To the PYT dynamo in the mockery of night.

Umm... thank you Allen?

Allen: Ginsboro.

Me: Oh funny. Your poem was a lot like Allen Ginsberg's "The Howl" but you seemed to reword some of it. I'm sure you heard of him. He's dead by the way.

Allen Ginsboro: No I have not.

Girl: You are so lame. 

Me: Ya he kinda is.

Girl: I wasn't talking to him. You're lame. Hey Allen read us some more!

Allen Ginsboro: This next one is entitled "Why Adam Dislikes the Hip Piazza"

Me: How do you know my name?

Girl: OMG! He doesn't mean you! There are like more Adams than you loser.

Me: Where the hell did you come from?! I mean this is a Yelp review that I'm writing about the Piazza @ Schmidt's!

Dude: Woah dude! Deep!

Me: Now where did you come from?

Allen Ginsboro: Everyone be quiet! I am about to read my poem.

Dude: Play Freebird!

Girl: Everyone is so lame right now.

Me: SHUT UP! EVERYONE!

*silence*

Sir? Are you alright?

Me: Huh? Who?

Waitress outside of PYT: Can I help you?

Me: Oh it was all a dream. And you were there, and he was and and that Allen Ginsboro guy over there. And that girl on her iphone...

Girl: Don't talk to me. You're still lame!

Me: NOOOOOO!!!!!

Narrator: There you have it. An ordinary hipster about to turn 30 has taken a wrong turn into "The Pizza Zone".

Me: Don't you mean Piazza? 

Narrator: Shut up. 

Girl: I know... lame. 

Narrator: Hey do you play Farmville? 

Girl: OMG yes!

Me: Get me out of this review!
Yay for now.  Am cautiously optimistic about this new and ambitious development venture/space/concept.  Because I live in the 'hood I've seen the area come up from nothing, so for that I'm grateful.  I'll take development over empty trash-strewn lots any day.  The whole of Liberties Walk (despite its very generic architecture) has held up, so I hope the Piazza does too.

It's been written everywhere that developer Bart Blastein used the Piazza Navona in Rome as his inspiration for the Piazza at Schmidts... which is fine and dandy except the Piazza at... Schmidts doesn't roll off the tongue quite as well, it isn't strewn with gorgeous fountains and it obviously lacks a certain authenticity.  But one must move with the times, non?

Love that the space was designed with entertainment in mind with a stage and a huge LCD screen at one end (I've been told they show Phillies games on it too and will have movie night screenings) 

The area truly redeems itself with loads of young entrepreneurs and artists taking up the Ground floor space with interesting galleries, accessory and apparel boutiques.  Throw in a few eateries, including a new export from the people at Good Dog (called Swift Half - which doesn't seem to be open just yet but it's billing itself as serving food until 1 am which is promising and who doesn't love Good Dog?)  and you've got the makings of a cool space.

Everything else in the space however, seems like an afterthought.  Tiny lifeless trees have been planted in the perimeter, stainless steel picnic tables are strewn about.  In the teensy weensy north west corner is there are some perennials, a patch of grass  and a sad looking geometric fountain.  Noise level is high and when there are tunes playing the sound properly echoes within the confines of the apartment buildings.  

Keeping my fingers crossed that the area continues with its forward movement - only once all the businesses are up and running and the area is fully operating will we know whether the whole effort will be successful - and catch-on. Buona Fortuna Piazza... er.. Schmidts!
I must say I was a little in awe when the piazza opened... Being that I lived in this area for over two years and it seemingly popped up over night and really became a huge hot spot. I can't say that I'd ever choose to hang out in this area during the night, but it is very enjoyable to walk around looking into the wide variety of stores and galleries making an occasional purchase - especially on a beautiful fall day.  There is really something that caters to almost everyone in this area.  In addition to stores and galleries there are also a wide variety of different restaurants bars to choose from.  If you haven't been to this area its definitely worth the visit.
Thankfully, I don't live here. I've heard a number of stories about those apartments that give me the impression that I should avoid every living there. 

However, the Piazza itself it pretty great. I love that the architects/planners created such a large, central public area where people can gather, relax, enjoy a performance or shop at the supposed Farmer's Market that exists during nicer weather (and that I've sadly never been around for). The ground floor consists primarily of businesses, which is awesome! There are cafes, restaurants, a grocery store, boutiques and art galleries too! It's quite a vibrant little arena - which can only mean that crowd noise level, depending on the day/time/weather, could be rather noticeable to those dwelling above. But for everyone else living/existing in the general area, its a wonderful place to spend an afternoon.
One thing that you can't ever replicate in any NEW space and especially in a neighborhood such as NoLibs is the fact that the draw of this place has to do with it's homey, older roots.  Philadelphia is an old city!  Anything newly built is going to lack that charm  that most of NoLibs has but we shouldn't disregard what is happening simply because of its modern approach.  I realize that not everyone is going to embrace something like the Piazza or the contemporary construction and over priced apartments around it but at least we have it.  It gives us an option for somewhere else to go and people watch during a nice night.  It may provide somewhere to hopefully watch the Phillies repeat or the Eagles throughout the approaching season.  I think this place is great and needs time to get a little "Philly grime" on it to take its rightful place in this neighborhood.
This Place is a Joke!!!!!!! Its a retirement home for  young rich kids  done . These people live in a bubble and they call themselfs urban. There just rich snobby bratty kids and jersy shore looking goof balls with one sleeve tattoo s. Place is so corny !! LMFAO!
I love coming to Piazza. They have events going on throughout the year and specially during the summer they have movie nights, salsa nights, beard competition, etc...the vibe is amazing. The restaurants and bars around it makes it even better as you can enjoy the food, drinks and events. It is pretty spacious and has good amount of seatings too. Looking forward to Movie nights on Thursdays and Dance/Live music on Fridays!!! Finally summer is here!!!
First Eagle's game at the Piazza was awesome.  Met two buddy's there.  It was  a little rainy, but they had tents up and the game playing a big screen that was probably worth more than the sum of all my material possessions.  Had a quality sausage and peppers sandwich for $8, and you can buy bottled water for $1.  A cup for beer costs $15, which you can get filled up as much as you'd like.  Anyway, great place to hang out with friends and enjoy a game.
I'm not sure how I feel just yet about The Piazza, but I do know I'm a fan. I think. Yeah. Let's go with that.

On my first trip last year, I unfortunately wore a skirt and the place seemed to act as a wind tunnel, which made the experience uncomfortable.

Yesterday, I attended the free 104.5 Metric concert with my boyfriend and his sister, and it was actually really fun. I'm not the most social person, and large crowds make me anxious, but I didn't feel boxed in here -- surprisingly.

I'd like to stop in a couple more times to really get a handle on the place. It's a unique portion of the city for sure, with cute little shops and some restaurants to try!
coolest thing to happen to philly since cheesesteaks. what a great outdoor space. needs a few more bars though.
I love coming here for the Radio 104.5 shows, but as a 21 year old haha. The general section is filled with high schoolers (or younger) constantly crowdsurfing, and while I enjoy that occasionally, they really need to calm down most of the time.  The 21+ section is chill and you can happily enjoy a beer without having to worry about getting kicked in the head.  It also has a pretty good view of the stage.

I've also come here for the Brooklyn flea market, and while the flea market didn't have many items that I wanted, it shows the amount and variety of events held here.  I believe they also host free yoga on Saturdays.

There are a lot of restaurants surrounding the piazza such as the P.Y.T.  and it's walking distance from any of the good spots is in Northern Liberties. Check out the events they have there!
My first exposure was on a Sunday afternoon when Sundae threw their little get togethers and people danced, and played, hoola hooped and ate fire.

it was fun, almost too nice and felt like it was a scene in a movie.

then it stopped.


it felt cold and people's faces turned into blurry objects.

nobody danced.

nobody laughed.

the sun shone above, but it was cold and it was grey and it even felt more like a bad movie where sub titles were soon to appear.


please bring back the music.

 i do like the markets and the food and the people, but I is too fat and needs to dance;p
My husband and I have one of the smaller apartments in the Montessino.  I love old factory spaces that are now apartments (this is the 3rd one I have lived in) and this was really well done.  I never hear my neighbors, except the one below me, and only when they play music loudly.  It is way to expensive, but we really like the apartment.

I was psyched when I took the dog on a walk, and ok go was playing 50 feet from where I was picking up poo!

The galleries seem ok, PYT is awful, but everything else I rather enjoy.  The sad Italian restaurant no one eats at during the week?  Darlin's Diner with it's staff of incompetent college kids who talk as though they are still in high school?  The kid at the gelato place who didn't know about nutella?  

Every time I see that ridiculous screen I chuckle because I kind of love it.  It is really dog friendly and safe.  The retail stores seem pretty stupid, but it all amuses.  Would I be happy if they stuck a Gap in here so I get buy a new pair of jeans or socks instead of doing laundry?  A bookstore?  A kitchen supply store?  Yes, I would love that.  If that happens, I'll change my rating to 4 stars.
I really like the concept but something is just so .. off about the Piazza. First of all, I, like many others, am glad I don't live there. Secondly, the Piazza seems so popular since it's always crowded during warmer months, but none of the stores that were there last summer are there now! It's sad. 

I love the big screen and the lounge chairs and patches of astroturf that are sprinkled around. I love the people- and dog-watching. Everyone is usually pretty relaxed and trying to enjoy their afternoon/night. 

Maybe I'm just cranky because of how crowded it's starting to get, or the fact that the Arrow Swim Club has taken some of the already sparse (albeit free) parking spots.
I love coming to Piazza. They have events going on throughout the year and specially during the summer they have movie nights, salsa nights, beard competition, etc...the vibe is amazing. The restaurants and bars around it makes it even better as you can enjoy the food, drinks and events. It is pretty spacious and has good amount of seatings too. Looking forward to Movie nights on Thursdays and Dance/Live music on Fridays!!!
I was surprised how nice the piazza was given that its located in Northern Liberties.  It's really cool.  And the Brooklyn Flea Market was alright... Definitely nicer because it was at the Piazza.
the Piazza is a cool idea and I think it's generally an asset to the neighborhood. new urbanism is great in theory, I think, but in practice there can be something a little bit sterile about the spaces - that might just be because it's all still so shiny and new, though.

I think I would like it a lot more if they had just put in a pool, because seriously, how awesome would that be? Philly's biggest problem is the lack of private-ish pools - city pools are great and I wish that the city could afford to keep them open, but you can't exactly spend an afternoon by the pool with beer at one of them.

anyway, I guess it's a cool place and everything but I just don't see myself hanging out there a lot. maybe if I got myself one of those tiny dogs, because those seem to be pretty popular down there.
Renting at the Piazza:

Over the past year there's been dog piss & puddles of puke in the middle of the hallway left for an entire weekend, drunk 20 something year olds accidentally walking into my apartment trying to find a party on the floor and smashed beer bottles in the stairwell (also left for multiple days).

The maintenance department was helpful the first couple months and then they just ignored every line of communication. I had reported a problem a few months in, they came and checked it out and then left without fixing it or any communication about it. The problem was never resolved or even addressed (after multiple tries at contacting them about it again). It's been over 6 months since I've had any response back from them in anyway at all.

Would not recommend moving into here unless you're a college student looking to throw parties and pay a lot in rent to do so.
On my first visit to the Piazza years ago I remember thinking "This is exactly what Philly has needed for a long time."  The Piazza brings Northern Libs together with the rest of the city.  It's a venue, a destination, and truly a community.  From showing movies and sporting events on the huge outdoor screen to hosting arts and craft fairs the Piazza does it all. I've been there for lots of fun concerts and although it does get crowded and a bit crazy it's always a memorable experience. I would give the Piazza 5 stars if they had a better selection of shops and more affordable  restaurants. 
If you haven't been to the Piazza, what are you waiting for? Go to their website and check out their events page- there is something for everyone (even kids!).
this place used to be fun when the Sundae party was there last summer - then they pulled the plug on that...

then it was fun during the eagles games - until some one fired gun shots so they pulled the plug on that...

then there were the cool new apartments - but had no security and we all know what happened....

the only reason I give this place more than 1 star is for PYT which can be fun - other than that I have no reason to go here - there are restaurant/bar options which are 1000 times better within a block
I was at The Piazza for a concert & summer block party. I found it to be super-crowded and unnecessarily difficult to get in and out of the square. Not my favourite venue.
Man what a great place to take someone on a date when you have no money what's so ever, but want to make it look like you had something planned the whole time. 

When I go to the Piazza, I always enjoy walking around. Seeing what they are playing on that fancy TV. Looking  to see if there is any interesting artwork, or if there is somewhere to get a good bite to eat. 

I just rarely find those things. 
The swift half is OK, and PYT looks like it could be fun if I wore aviator sunglasses, but bottom line there is never anything that makes me stay there for more than 35 minutes. 

I don't think I can give up on this place just yet. Every once in a while Bambi will have a good show up for first Friday, or a Phil's game will keep me looked onto that TV for an hour or two. 

Think twice before attending an event that they are hosting. It is always over hyped and not as advertised. (I have scars on my heart from this past flea market)

If you are going to travel all the way to the Piazza. Go with no expectations what so ever and you will have a nice time.
Overall, I'm a fan of this place.

There are plenty of stores and restaurants in the Piazza.   PYT, Swift Half, and PYT are the ones I've visited.  Some are good, some are great, some need better bread.   And some I haven't visited yet because it looks just a bit to expensive for me.  The other collection of stores range from a small grocery, a magic shop, some art galleries, and a T-shirt shop.   Are they "over priced?"  Probably, but that's the nature of the game for stores like these.  You could probably find cheaper places elsewhere, but you won't find all of these places in the same place.

The biggest attraction of this place is the big screen TV above the stage at the end of the piazza.   On a warm summer night there is no better place to watch the Phillies.   With that said, it can get very crazy there during the playoffs.  I'm not much for rabid crowds, but from what I've heard it is a very good time if you are into that sort of stuff.

As far as the living conditions and what this place is doing to the property values... I really can't speak on that.   I don't live there and I don't own property in the area so I can't pass judgement on that.

With that said, I don't think many people base their decision on visiting this place based on the economic impact of urban development.   If you haven't been here yet, you should check it out a few times.   There are plenty of good places to eat here and across the street.   If it isn't for you... and granted, sometimes it is a bit overwhelming for me... there is PLENTY of other places in Old Liberties you can check out.  

I for one like to bounce between places, but this place is a keeper.
Very nice addition to Northern Liberties and Philadelphia.

Nice alternative to nightlife and a place to watch the games. There's an outdoor area perfect for nice weather, and art galleries, small boutiques and restaurants for bad weather.

Located on 2nd street, so if it's raining you can go wander up 2nd street to Standard Tap, North Bowl or N 3rd.
free parking. great shops. open outdoor court yard with a stage. dogs everywhere. art galleries. food. great people watching envirnoment. 5 stars.
Prior to last May, I had NEVER ventured into Northern Liberties.  Then, lo and behold, SundayOUT was moved from Center City to the Piazza!  Since I already had a face painting gig [joint effort with a fellow painter] scheduled at Liberty Lands Park, about a block away from the Piazza, I had plans to go to SundayOUT as soon as I was finished.  The space is PERFECT for big events like that, complete with a stage and a massive screen for people to congregate and watch a sports game.  Not only that, it's surrounded by a number of great shops, restaurants, and bars, making the space a HUGE step toward the revival of Northern Liberties! I'd say we're pretty close...
The Piazza is a super chill place to meet friends, hang out , grab a bite or a drink, or watch a game on their jumbo screen.  Built in the heart of the Northern Liberties, the Piazza is a triangle plaza surrounded on one side by the old Schmidt's Brewery, another side is upscale apartments, and the other is commercial property largely occupied by little boutiques and art galleries. The Piazza frequently hosts large events and concerts. It is a great outdoor venue and so easy to head over to a restaurant or bar in the area to unwind after an event. I LOVE the Piazza!
As a resident, I really enjoy living here. My apartment is modern, new and full of space! 2BR/2BA, and THREE walk-in closets? A girls dream. I love how pet friendly the area is; it was one of the biggest reasons we chose to move here. My commute into CC is fast and easy. As for the noise, it's not bad, really. I am asleep early during the week and while yes I can hear the occasional drunken yelling, it does not disrupt my sleep. I love the abundance of dining choices around, but beware, some of these restaurants aren't here to provide good service. PYT seems to be a fan favorite but honestly, I've had one too many poor experiences there, plus --- They don't do take-out on the weekends (WHY?!). Bar Ferdinand is awesome and I get El Camino almost weekly. King's Oak has good bar food, and Gunner's Run has a great beer selection. Pink Dolphin and Don Marvelous are the 'convenience' stores here, but I'm not sure how convenient they are when PD isn't open on Sundays and DM is open whenever it wants to be. The concerts are a great excuse to have people over and watch from the balcony. 

All in all I would recommend the apartments AND the social/dining scene to anyone who asks
I don't care how hipster it is.  I love it here.  There are so many shopping & dining options that it suits just about everyone.  
In my opinion, there's not enough al fresco eating in this lovely city of ours.  The Piazza definitely helps alleviate that situation.  
The big screen in the Piazza is a great place to watch a game whilst enjoying a burger & beer from PYT or any other host of places.  
The Piazza offers a really cool, different option for a night out.  The only downside is that parking can be a bit sketchy, but most people who frequent the Piazza walk!
A lot of people speak of gentrification but they have to realize that any neighborhood with an artist community is bound to get claimed by developers out to make money.  NY's SOHO, LES, WILLIAMSBURG are all perfect examples... With that said, PIAZZA is a great place to hang out, walk your dog or have fun with your kids.  People say the stores are overpriced but watching games on the huge monitor is FREE, taking a stroll through the many galleries are FREE, playing ping pong with the guys at PRINT LIBERATION is FREE and they hold many other FREE events and is just a great atmosphere to have.

And anyone who thinks Philly is NY's 6th borough has never been to Philly..
There is no other place in Philla like the Piazza!!! Amazing!! Love it here!!!
Hmm.....Huge TV and nice people? Yeah, it's all there. The Piazza is a awesomely friend place to be. The best place to watch a Phillies game. Let us not forget free BBQ on Tuesday when the Phillies place. Tons of trendy stores surround the Piazza.Restaurants, clothing stores and art dealers are a plenty at the Piazza. 
Tables and chairs are in the center of The Piazza, so having lunch there is awesome. 
Due yourself a favor and get there before the colder months.
great looking building , and hooping on sundays. amazing
The Piazza at Schmidt's in Philadelphia is a great area to visit, and it truly adds something special to the city. I live in South Jersey near the shore and I do not visit Philly as often as I would like, but when I came up for my most recent visit I was impressed with the Piazza. Coming from Jersey the Piazza is really easy to get to, as it is almost right off of the Ben Franklin Bridge. I came up for the Brooklyn Flea Market at the Piazza (which is one of many events that the Piazza sponsors throughout the year).  There was ample parking nearby and the shops inside the Piazza offer a quaint, delightful feel to the city. I stopped into a smoothie shop inside the Piazza, Euphoria Smoothies and Coffee, and I had one of the best smoothies ever. Next time I am back in town I will make sure to come to the Piazza for one of their great events, and I have my eye on one of the restaurants inside the Piazza, P.Y.T., which I've heard great reviews about. I definitely recommend checking out the Piazza's website for upcoming events, and then making a day trip out of it.
Northern Liberties, PA
Free  tv viewing within an enclosed outdoor court with seats,  and closed from the street view by trendy shops and apartments. A hipster and yuppish atmosphere. Businesses still developing in this area. Great for the neighborhood. There are events held here but I haven't the chance to go yet- yeeek ! If you can imagine the parking would be nearly impossible. Have no idea how to find out about events held here yet.
The Piazza is great.  Free parking, numerous good places to eat, drink, shop (including one of Philly's best 24hr diners).  The free concerts are awesome and often include big name bands.  They also have tons of other free events (yoga, movies/sports on the giant screen tv,  food and beer fests, flea markets, etc..).  Location is also good, there's lots to do on 2nd St. and Liberties Walk.  I'm a fan of Northern Liberties and will continue to visit the Piazza.
the piazza is sort of the symbol of everything you love and hate all at once about northern liberties. it's super showy and modern in a neighborhood that's getting developed until there's nothing left to develop. but it's also home to a lot of great local restaurants and other businesses. i do enjoy going to watch a movie on the big screen and the farmer's market they have in the summer. it's a great place to relax and is a great spot when the weather gets nice.
Great communal space in an very up and coming neighborhood.  Big screen tv, stage, bars, shops, art galleries, etc.  Not to mention a weekly farmers market among other events year round.  A great addition to a neighborhood that is thriving.
I like it's attempt to create an inviting pedestrian space.  Once you visit Europe you realize this is one of the major things American cities lack.  Everything seemed pretty fun when I visited at the tail end of First Friday, but I also get this weird sense of how contrived the whole thing is.  The post-modern apartment buildings around all the open space...  The intent seems good, but as others have said it detracts a bit from the charm of what No. Libs once was.
The Piazza is such a warm and inviting place to be. With events nearly everyday from movies to games to concerts to yoga, there's always something to do and I look forward to coming to the Piazza every time.
I am writing this as a resident.  I am 22 and a grad student.  I have lived here since May 1st, 2013.  The people over at Westminster are so easy to work with, they are very flexible and very accommodating.  It's always stressful to go through the application process, but they always thoroughly answered any question I had.  And I had A LOT of questions!  The only negative thing I have to say is that it didn't seem like an actual employee did a walk through before I moved in.  Two of my kitchen drawers were broke, my mirror in the bathroom was cracked, neither of my screen doors worked, and my washing machine was broken.  Also, behind the stove and the washing machine were disgusting, so it would be nice if the cleaning crew were thorough.  However, they came to fix everything almost immediately, which is a luxury you just don't get everywhere.  Additionally, they are always very apologetic and make you feel like a valued resident.  YES it gets VERY loud, especially when there are events, but I am usually down there anyways so I don't mind too much, and if I do, the closet is a very quiet place to sleep...  It's also annoying when the bars or restaurants close, but leave the music on so I'm hearing Trouble by Taylor Swift at 4am, but that is rare.  If you're about this life, I would definitely recommend this place.  NoLibs is the place to be right now, and it's so close to 95 and the El.  It's perfect for me!
WOW! it's like a little bit of Europe in N.Libs. Cool store fronts (mostly galleries and hipster boutiques) with some nice places to sit outside and enjoy a drink or three. 

The best part is the stage, nice sound system and even a jumbo-tron. Yes, a full-sized jumbo-tron like they have in sports stadiums. At first I was weary, but they use it to great affect with phillies games, visuals etc. 

The music and events programing at the Piazza is great. Always something interesting happening. From string quartets, to jazz, to afro pop, to house... 

The skinny: it's a sophisticated mix of looks, tastes and people unlike anything else in Philly, or the US for that matter.
This reminded me of Italy, Venice to be exact because the last time I was at a place like this was years ago when I was tramping around Europe.  I remembered having such a great time and thinking it was so awesome and then a few years ago the piazza opened up.  I was so excited.  You can also park for FREE in the free lot which is a huge help. 

There's always something going on.  Tons of friends and a great meet up place.  The businesses are great to check out and just walk around where you can find unique shops.  When there is something going on the stage its great to just hang out too.  

Whenever people come visit me from out of town I come down from the burbs to the Piazza because I know we can find something to do 

I remember zooming down 2nd street back in the day when there were no businesses, no lights, no stop signs.  Just big empty ugly lots with unused warehouses. I'm glad to see the changes over the years and what Northern Liberties has become.  I grew up in this neighborhood and only moved out 3 years ago. I miss it.
This is my go-to place in the city.  camino, bar ferdinand, full plate.... and that awesome gelato place (try getting a scoop of dark chocolate and a scoop of the "sea salt" flavor)! mmm!
This is a cool space for special events. I have seen a Phillies game or two here, and recently attended a beer festival at the Piazza as well. The space is large enough to accommodate concerts and other large scale events but not too large that it feels disconnected either.

The restaurant options aren't bad. PYT is ok, and Emmanuelle is a really good cocktail lounge.

I don't go out of my way to come to the Piazza, but I don't go out of my way to stay away either.
Pretty cool area of Philly and there is free parking unless there is an event being hosted. There are a bunch of cool shops as well as bars that all have their own feel and food. None are the same. There are also some good restaurants as well. It is good for groups or for a date. It is also not far from the frankford septa station if you want to park here and head into center city.
