Call me a geek, but I get a kick out of looking at how money is made..........after all, the company I work for is in the business of handling money!

I was lucky enough to have visited (2) Mints, the first mint I ever went to was in Washington D.C. (back in 1995), as one of my childhood friends hooked me up with a tour, as that time he was living in D.C. and working for the late senator Daniel Akaka. 

In 2011, my old boss (he's retired now) sent me up to the east coast for work, and I found myself working in New Jersey, & Philadelphia during the summer...........a fun & great experience, and that is how I ended up visiting the United States Mint in Philly............
Honestly, I knew there was a mint in Philadelphia, but I wasn't planning on actually visiting this place, but over the weekend while exploring the beautiful city of Philadelphia, I just so happen to run into this place, so I said to myself - "why not? I'm here already!".

Of course since I am in the business of money, you know very well that I had to check out this place! 
No reservations were needed, as I just walked into the joint. 
The entire tour is self guided...........and no, you cannot just walk around freely where they make the actual money folks...........otherwise folks will be trying to stuff their pockets full of money! Lol! 

The tour of the mint itself is in an elevated glass enclosed gallery area, and as you walk, you look down, and you can see the things going on with the process of making money. 
Don't worry folks, there are signs along the tour, and the signs will explain what's going on in the various areas of the building.

While you take the tour, there was a "walkman" like type of thing, where you could wear on your head while taking the tour, as the device gives you a "voice tour" while you walk along the tour............ i'm not sure if there was a charge for the device, but when I took the tour I elected to not to wear this, as the last thing I need is to catch some ookus (head lice) on my head! Lol!

The self guided tours are Monday through Friday, 9:00 AM to 4:30 PM, there is no admission fee (Dealages Yo! Free Baby!!!) 
For Weekends, please call at (215) 408-0114 to see availability. 
Like I said before, I came here on a weekend (Saturday)............so I guess I just lucked out when I just so happen to run into this place while visiting the city.

Also, I just wanted to let you folks know.............once you go inside of the Mint (to take the tour), they DO NOT ALLOW PHOTOS! 
I swear when I went to the Mint in Washington D.C. back in 1995, I thought they allowed photos, but my memory may be fading.......if it was allowed back then, it was before  9/11, and by the time I saw the Mint in Philadelphia,  it was way after 9/11. Posible "no photo" rule due to security???

On the brochure I picked up from the Philadelphia Mint, let me share with you a little about the Mint Story -

George Washington was president and Philadelphia was the nation's capital. It was April 2, 1792, and an act of Congress provided for a national coinage and the establishment of the U.S. Mint.
The first Mint was erected at 7th and Arch Streets. As the young nation grew, larger Mint buildings were needed. The present Mint, which opened on August 14, 1969 is the fourth in Philadelphia. 
The Philadelphia Mint is part of a nationwide Treasury agency. From headquarter in Washington D.C., the Director oversees the Mints in Philadelphia, Denver, San Francisco, West Point, and the Bullion Depository at Fort Knox.

They said that the huge machines at the Mint can work 24 hours of the day, 5 days a week making coins. 

There is a process of making a coin, they are -

1. Blanking
2. Annealing, Washing and Drying
3. Riddling
4. Upsetting
5. Striking
6. Inspecting
And last of all..............
7. Counting and Bagging of the coins.

 A pretty cool place to visit, and I would say a "must see" if you're ever in Philadelphia! 

Check 'em out gang! No can go wrong!
The tour is self-guided and free. Make sure not to bring any cameras including cell phones (those have cameras too). There are no lockers here so you will have to take them back to your hotel or put them in your car or whatever if you plan on taking a tour. 

So unfortunately, they are not producing many coins right now so we didn't get to see it operating. It was still pretty cool checking out the facility and learning about the coin making process.
Tour is completely self-guided and is fairly informative. 

Tour "begins" at a first landing that is strictly information only. There's a short film that runs continuously that gives you a background of the necessity of a uniform monetary system. You also get to look at some of the first pressed coins among other artifacts.

Upstairs begins the modern day coinage system. We actually spent a LONG time here because the machines were all actively running so it was very interesting to watch the long sheets of metal be fed and cut into planchets, heated, cleaned, annealed, then struck. When workers caught you eye, they even waved back much to the delight of many school children that were also visiting that day.

There were also some fun games along the way if you take the time to participate (identify the coin just by touch, I Spy on US Quarters, etc). The entertainment is definitely in the details which is so easy to overlook on a day to day basis as you spend and collect money. 

The gift shop does sell quite a few knick knacks and for collectors, does offer a decent collection to supplement or replace personal collections. Mom picked up some presidential quarter proofs to replace the ones she's found just randomly in circulation.
Even though we got the accelerated tour of the US Mint was because we got there like 25 minutes before they were ready to close. It is a heavily secured area and they close on-time, so take your time to do this. My family and I came here on our very last day in the city and all government/state buildings close at 5pm or a little before. Plan your day, so you'll get more time to see everything here and read about the coin-making and circulation process. It's a very comprehensive tour and even the young ones will love it. If only we had more time, I could have stopped at all the different stations on the coin-making process to see what exactly was being done in the factory. I am a lover of history, so I was eager to read and see it all. Make sure to stop by the gift shop to get one of the newly made quarters from the change machine. My daughter was fascinated with getting a brand new, shiny quarter! Please don't miss out on the US Mint. I hope to carve more time of my day to see it again in the future.
Currently, there are only 6 US Mints left in the states (San Francisco, Washington DC, Denver, West Point, Fort Knox and Philadelphia). With the other mints, at least half of the nation's circulating coins are struck in this location. To tell if your change was made here, the trademark "P" on your coin will indicate that it was made here in Philadelphia.

Free to attend, visitors will be required to go through a brief TSA like security check in which you will need to put your belongings on the belt and walk through the metal detector. 

My husband and I came here on a Thursday around 1 pm. Please note that this is a self guided tour, with 3 floors (there are escalators and elevators). The gift shop and restrooms are located here (I don't think there are restrooms on the other floors). You will eventually end your tour back down on the first floor. 

On this first floor and on the second floor, you will see different coin currency that were used in different time periods. There is a short film on the second floor that shows a reenactment of a discussion with Jefferson regarding the system of currency. There is a timeline of significant historical events on the second floor to remind you of the different time periods. 

Then up to the 3rd floor is where you may spend most of your time, as this is where you get to see how coins are made at this place. The first step starts with creating the design that will go on the coin.Then making the specific die cut to create the actual coin. Then the next step would be blanking, in which coins will be punched out of metal sheets. During the annealing and upsetting stage, the blank coins that were punched out will get prepared to be strike with the design. The blank coins will need to be heated to soften and then are washed and dried. Then the new shiny black coins will roll through the upsetting mill to create a rim around the coin. Then of course the next step would be striking the blank coin with the design. After that, each coin batch of coins will need to be inspected and approved. If not, then rejected coins will be removed and recycled to make new coins. And then lastly, bagging is the last step in which large bags of coins will be filled and prepared to be sent out to the Federal Reserve. 

On this floor, visitors will be able to get a bird's eye view of the operations floor, behind protective glass in each step. There are videos to help identify each step in the coin making process so you can identify how coins are made down below. 

Also on this floor are a few interactive displays that include creating a coin's design. 

If you read everything and watch all of the videos on this floor, it may take 30 minutes. Then once you are done, you can take the stairs back down to the gift shop and exit through there. 

We spent more time here than we expected and ended up enjoying the process of coin making. 

Worth a visit if you are in the area.
We just so happened to be in the area after seeing the Liberty Bell, so in we went.   

PARKING: 
No idea.  We were staying in the area so we walked from our hotel.  I didn't see any street parking so they must have a private lot. 

TICKETS: 
It wasn't busy at all so advanced reservations aren't needed, if they even offer them.  Admission is free, and it's a self-guided tour.  I for one can't stand using communal equipment (yuck) and listening to audio guides while herding along like cattle, so we stuck to visual aides.  I'm sure we would've been better informed but that's the chance we took. 

THE TOUR: 
The entire tour was a stroll in an enclosed catwalk that spans the length of the building and overlooks the manufacturing areas, with information signs & displays along the way.  Even though we went on a Tuesday, absolutely nothing was going on downstairs in the production areas.  We saw lots of dormant machines and thingamabobs, and a few workers walking around.  The rest was left up to our imaginations.  It was so droll.  Allow yourself about an hour to get through.  No photos allowed inside. 

GIFT SHOP: 
The gift shop sold all kinds of unique items, including untouched coins which my spouse bought a set of that are nicely encased in plastic containers and. that are still sitting in the shopping bag it came in, in the corner of our closet.  Also when we were here, they were just winding down on the 50 State Quarters Program, and I was missing the Alaska & Hawaii quarters, so I knew for sure I'd be able to snag some.  Wrong!  Huh?  Are we not at the Mint where they're made?  LOL.  The worker was nice enough to "check her drawer" for some, but none were found.  Oh well, the excitement was fun while it lasted. 

OVERALL: 
Free tour!  You take your chances on whether you'll see production activity though, even on weekdays.
First and foremost -- DO NOT TAKE PHOTOS INSIDE OF THE MINT! DON'T DO IT. I didn't do it, and I am informing you that you might get in some deep trouble if you attempt to do so.

I feel this place is worth visiting for the mere fact that it is the US Mint! Who wouldn't want to see where our coins are made and how the process comes to be? Unfortunately, as much as I want to say this was an exciting experience for me; I kind of felt it was a little uneventful.

It's a self guided tour, meaning you can go as quickly or as slowly as you desire. There is no cost to come in, but make sure you prepare to be scanned like you're going through TSA at the airport. The day we came it was Labor Day Sunday, and it wasn't that busy.

We ascended up 2 escalators where we walked through these long hallways that wraps back around to the beginning after the tour concludes. From there we walked and read the interactive panels talking about the history of the Mint, and giving a play by play of the process. 

From the level that we were located, it offered open windows to see where the coins are made. Since it was Sunday and a holiday weekend, no activity was occurring. This would be more interesting to visit during a work day where you can see them in action in the creativity process.

Noteable things to look at -- after the tour there is a second on the 2nd floor between the two escalators where you can see the original gates to the Mint, and old coins and materials used dating back from the 1700s and 1800s when they had to produce the coins by hand and era machinery created specifically for creating the coins.

Being the dork that I am, I went to the coin despenser they have and got fresh 2015 coins that were made from the Mint. My 3 friends and myself are now proud first owners of some quarters. My other friend did buy her husband a gift for his birthday from the Mint gift shop. He was very thrilled about it.
The best things in life are ... Free! Oh yeah, I googled Philly attractions and the US Mint caught my attention because it cost me zero good ol' American dollars and cents.

The tour is at your own pace and set-up in a way that's interactive and fun. I didn't know coins would be so fun. Only downer was not being able to actually see the machines in use. I would have loved to see how the sheets of metal make their way through. 

Only a block or two away from the Liberty Bell, there was virtually no line. Quick and easy security checkpoint and a cute little gift shop at the end. Definitely recommended.
The U.S. Mint is worth a visit because...
- Visiting the U.S. Mint is a unique, fun and an exciting experience. 
- You'll get to see how your shiny coins are being minted.
- The U.S. Mint is open Mon-Fri 9:00am- 4:30pm ( keep in mind that entrance closes at 4:15pm). The U.S. Mint is open on Saturdays, holidays and holidays weekend, memorial day thru labor day. No reservation is required. 
- The tours are self-guided. Pro tip: Try not to go on a weekend, or you will not see anyone working the coining machines. We went on Labor Day Sunday and saw no one operating anything. 
- You will learn how a piece of blank metal magically will turn to coins, that are ready to be spent. oh la la. Gimme some please.
- There are audio and visual aids. 

Tips:
- Don't forgot your I.D. You will need to show your I.D upon entry. 
- Your bag, phone will be placed on X-ray belt. Don't bring any firearm, weapons, or knives.
- Don't neglect visiting the gift shop. You'll see a display of rare and interesting coins. Also, it can make a unique gifts. 

Fun Facts: 
- Admission to the U.S. Mint is F.R.E.E! Not even a dime. 
- Do NOT expect to get some FREE samples or $2 souvenirs . Hahaha
- To check if your coins were minted in Philadelphia, look for the origin trademark  "P" 

Three and half Yelps.
Money money money! 

I followed the rules and didn't take any pictures inside... But I saw some others weren't law abiding.  

A free self guided tour takes you through the interesting process of how coins are made.  There are very descriptive placards and pictures along the tour pathway.  Windows located at the top of the factory allows you to see the machines running and stamping out new coins.  Very cool! 

It's a nice tour with a great gift shop at the end.  There are many cool gifts to get for those coin collectors.  

Fun Fact: the coins aren't considered US currency until they are federally issued.  Until then it's considered product like any other factory.
It's free - just had to go through security and check bags. Nothing serious. 

It's a free self guided tour about how coins are made and the history of coins. There was a game on the second floor that was pretty fun about people losing coins and preventing that from happening. I know I definitely keep coins in my piggy bank or lose them on the street. 

It was actually really cool to learn about how they make coins and then be able to see it on the factory floor. They also have interactive items while you walk around and touch coins and try and figure out which ones they are. 

I definitely really enjoyed being able to see how they made coins and actually see the conveyer belts and stamping of coins. Overall, awesome experience. 

The gift shop definitely has some awesome items. I definitely bought a few of them for friends and it's cool.
As another reviewer already said the key things to remember here are:

1.  It's "free" (I mean you are paying via tax dollars for what's going on there so you might as well take a peek and see what the hell goes on.)

2.  Bring your ID.  They will check it outside and possible if the guards are feeling frisky or if maybe you look a bit felonish a second time before you walk through the metal detector.

3. No photography/video 

Now with that out of the way the Mint experience is based on two things:

1.  If they are producing coins that day:

If they are not producing coins that day then coming here is obviously more of a drag and you could probably get more of a thrill by staying home and mowing your lawn or by cleaning the cat's litter box with a toothbrush.

But if they are making coins that day then it truly is awesome to see all of the machinery at work and to see how little man power it takes for the process to unfold.

The great stat they tell you there is that it took three years to make the first million coins in our nations history and now they can make a million coins in half an hour.

This past Friday we were lucky in that they were making pennies and quarters all morning and the one girl in the gift shop said they we lucked out as they rarely work on Fridays in the summer.

2.  If you/your kids are some kind of iPhone/iPad/gadget crazed mutant-idiot who has a 1.7 second attention span then stay away as this place won't work for you:

While there is some technology here it's not exactly modern and going thru the exhibits requires that lost art of wait for it........reading comprehension as there is quite a bit to absorb if you take your time to see all of the displays and artifacts.

The end of the tour releases you into the small gift shop where you can buy everything from baby booties, to gold cuff links, to giant fake metal coins that were Made In China (I asked).

The tours are 100% self guided, free, and they are from 9am-4:30pm Mo-Fr and they add in Saturdays at the same time during the summer.

Further info can be had 24-7 at 215-408-0112 or http://www.usmint.gov/mint_tours/?action=philadelphia.
The same as our last visit three years ago, The Mint is still an awesome place to experience something that very few people actually get to experience, the making of US currency specifically, coinage.

The deal is the same:

1.  Outside you will be met by security who will do a cursory check of all adult ID's.

2.  Go inside and thru the metal detector. (FYI to parents who have kids in strollers, you're going to have to get your kids out as no, you cannot push them + the stroller thru the detector (SMH!).

3.  1st floor has some literature about what goes on here and the ubiquitous gift shop full of overpriced tourist items and Chinese plastic.

4.  Up to the 2nd floor which has the small museum area with artifacts from the other three Mint buildings (the current building is #4) along with some neat displays about Fort Knox and a short movie.

5.  Up to the 3rd floor which is where all the displays are regarding the actual current coin making process and the large windows looking down on the production floor.  We were lucky in that a few minutes after we got there they started up making pennies and of course that's awesome because that's what you're coming here for, right?

After that it's back down the escalators which eventually deposit you in the gift shop then back out on the street.

One note worthy thing that I'm surprised no one has mentioned yet.  If you a Philly sports fan or just a fan of great announcing voices make sure when your up on the 3rd floor by the windows to the production floor you fool around with the video screens that explain the processes that are happening because the guy doing the commentary is none other than the late great Harry Kalas.  It would have been awesome if there could be a way to watch the coins somehow leave the floor or building so that he could have thrown in a "That bag's outta here!"

When you go:

Tour hours are normally Monday-Friday from 9-4:30 although during the summer The Mint is open on Saturdays (just don't go on Saturday expecting to see anything happening because nothing will be) and they really frown on the whole picture thing.  

For complete information it's still 215-408-0112 or www.usmint.gov/mint_tours/?action=philadelphia
Maybe it's cool but the asshole out behind the X-ray machine, total misogynist, made a huge deal about the pocket knife in my purse and kicked us out even though I offered nicely to have him keep it up front with him. Thanks for proving yet again that America is made of disagreeable, awfully small people. This economy is as much of a wreck as this museum.
Switch it up and add this to your tour when your family comes into town! It seems that every time someone comes into town, I end up seeing the liberty bell again. Which is fine, but it is nice to mix it up a little bit. I took some out-of-towner to the mint over the July 4th holiday. The location is great and located near all of the other historical and patriotic attractions. Plus, it has AC which is welcomed during the summer months! 

The self-guided tour can be as fast or as short as you please although I would say you could spend an hour max in there. Lots of coins (obviously) and written info so you can understand the process. The tour takes you above the mint so you can see the production lines. However, note that on Friday, they are closed. You can still go to the mint on Fridays but will not see the operation in progress. 

Lastly, save a penny. This place is FREE! Then spend your pennies at the gift shop on other coins.
Pros - This is a free self-guided tour. It is in the heart of all the other touristy places so that's a plus. It's close to the train and bus routes. Watching pennies being created is interesting...but they weren't making any money the day we went. They have you walk down a hallway where, on the other side of the glass, pennies are created in a huge factory below you. You can watch the workers walking around (even though there is no work?) and I even saw a man taking pictures of something inside a safe but we couldnt see what was inside of it. They have some cool facts like George Washington not wanting to be on money and how you can identify where your money is made by the markings on it. They have a store at the end where you can buy tourist trinkets.

Cons- It's a bit dull. A lot of it is just walking by coins behind glass. "Walt Disney was given this mint on this date" kind of thing. I was interested for about 30-40 mins and then I just picked up the pace a bit. It's not for kids - nothing kid friendly at all. It's a good breather to take a break and get away from the crowds (it was pretty empty when I walked through). Also, they do not make the money all the time - some days they are closed and you will just end up watching an empty room with pennies sitting in it.
Have not been here in years and I want to say it has changed since I came on a school trip. There was a short movie to watch when you first go in. Also when looking at how the coins were made, there was a lot of audio to listen to. There was a few other tours going on when we went so, it was somewhat hard to hear. The history behind the Mint was awesome. You appreciate it more when your older. I'm 26 years old and it was really cool to see all the history and also touch a few coins and touch them when they are done.

When you are little and on a school trip, the only reason why we wanted to go was because it got us out of school work and it is suppose to teach us about our history. But I appreciate it a lot more at my age now because when I was little I was not interested in history.
The United States Mint provides free, self-guided tours throughout the week days. You do have to provide an id and walk through their security check point. It's not as interesting or impressive as the United States Bureau of Engraving and Printing in Washington D.C. and Fort Worth, Texas. However, you are able to walk through the plant and observe how the coins are made. There are also timelines and interactive features throughout the tour. It's an interesting and educational activity; my kind of thing! There is a gift shop on the first floor. No photography is allowed during the tour.
Strangely, I've been asked a few times if I got to see paper money being printed during my visit to The Mint...

The U.S. Mint makes COINS, it does not print paper money.

Upon entering, you need to go through security (metals off - like the airport) and show a valid photo I.D.

There is a small museum area to check out (second floor) old coins and rings that were fabricated by soldiers from various coins.  It's actually more interesting than I had anticipated.

Continuing on, there are very good displays that walk one through the entire coin making process with interactive displays that let you feel the various metals and understand how it all happens.

The most interesting part for me was the point of the self-guided tour where I could actually see the factory floor and watch the machines in action.  Yes, one can check out all phases of the coin-making operation from high above - lots of machines!

Look, it was not the most fascinating museum I've ever been to, but it is pretty cool to see...and it was FREE.

3.5 stars
FREE!  Went to the US Mint because it's near the Historical Center of Philly.  FREE to take a self-guided tour of where they make our Coins!  Look at your coins - coins are made in D (Denver) or P (Philadelphia).

Gotta go thru security - they check bags, remove jackets.  NO Photos Allowed inside the building, you can take pics of the outside of the building that's it.

Lots of reading of History on the 2nd Floor.  3rd Fl you read more & get to see the factory through the windows.  Not that exciting really.

Small gift shop on the first level.  Bathrooms available near there.
Was recommended this place by a local, and it definitely exceeded my expectations. Rich with history and commemorative coins, this Mint was the nation's oldest and it also takes you step by step how coins are made (with videos and ability to see the insides of the factory!) The only bizarre part is that when I went (weekday afternoon) the factory was empty and nothing was moving. Best of all, no admission charge!
4 stars for a pretty interesting behind-the-scenes look at coin manufacturing. Unfortunately, you can't take pictures, but you can see the entire process from start to finish for the creation and execution of coin designs. There are some amazing coins on display from the different states and history behind important events in US history. 

Best part of all, it's free to visit!
The upper mezzanine area has an interesting exhibit, but the real view is on the third level overlooking the production area).   Only half of one side was running when we were there.  I had no idea that they made medals there as well.   Worth the walk.  Absolutely no picture taking inside!
Awesome!

1) It is free. 
2) There is no pics allowed inside. 
3) Lots of security. 
4) Must visit.
As a tourist briefly visiting Philadelphia, I thought this was worth the visit. It is free and doesn't take a lot of time. Bring a photo ID and prepare for security akin to TSA. Also, no photos inside. 

The self guided tour is pretty interesting. The 2nd floor provides some information and history. The 3rd floor is where you get to see the entire process of how our coins are made. It's actually more complicated than I thought. Makes me more appreciative of the coins I carry which I used to perceive as a burden to my wallet. A lot of interesting facts as you go through the self guided tour. Through windows above the factory where they make coins, you get a peek of how coins are being made inside the US Mint. At the end of the tour is a gift shop where you can check out some souvenirs to take home. It's worth a visit.
Everyone should visit the mint at least once! It's free and you don't need to schedule the tour. Fascinating self guided tour. I learned so much! The interpretive signage and interactive screens along the tour are so well done, explaining the history behind the currency and how it's made. Great little gift shop too. Highly recommended for tourists, children, and people who live in Philly and want to do something different.
Went yesterday.  It's currently closed (either renovations, or Covid).  I would check before going there. 

PS, they could use a revamp on the self guided tour.
Don't waste your time, seriously. I know it's free but you'd still be overpaying. It's a self guided tour that overlooks the production of coins 60 or so feet below the glass windows. The production runs aren't that often so you'll probably end up going on a day that the plant is practically empty except for maybe a small batch of pennies moving around at the end. There are a few tiny 10" TVs placed along the way that have videos made in the 70s or 80s explaining some things about the production; unfortunately only about half the TVs are working. It doesn't look like they really did anything from a tourism standpoint in at least 3 decades. It's a cool place to go if you're a die hard coin collector, there are some real unique coin displays along the way. The gift shop is tiny and has very few unique Mint items. If you just want to go to see coins being made, learn a lot about the process, or buy something cool then you'll be disappointed.
Nicely done self guided tour of how coins are made. If you're into that sort of thing. It's interactive and the kids I saw in there seemed to enjoy it. You can look down through the factory too since the exhibits are all above it. There is also a great view of the cemetery where Benjamin Franklin is buried in. This gave me something to do on a chilly day and was free not a must do if you're in the area though.
I had a great time at Washington DC when we saw them make bills at the Bureau of Printing and Engraving, so I thought that the U.S Mint would be similar. However, it is a self-guided tour of how they make coins. If you don't read through the various steps, and just see the windows on how coins are made, then it will be boring. Take the time to read and learn about the various steps on making coins since it is pretty interesting. 

Note: You need to have a valid ID in order to enter the mint. No photography inside.
Go to the Mint. Line up outside against the wall. Stand there with your driver's license next to your face while the whole line gets barked at by a self-important security guard about how this is a FEDERAL BUILDING and no weapons OF ANY KIND are allowed inside, and don't ask her to hold anything for you because she WILL NOT HOLD ANYTHING FOR YOU because SHE IS A FEDERAL EMPLOYEE. (Yeah, we get it. Congratulations on finishing high school and being able to fill out an application.) 

I looked it up: Somebody robbed the Philadelphia Mint once. In 1858. I guess we're still on red alert. Why the hell would anyone try to steal ten thousand pounds of pennies when there are a hundred banks within walking distance, just waiting to be robbed? The answer is, they wouldn't. No one ever has. It's preposterous. The only people who ever steal anything from the mint are the employees themselves. True story.

I like coins, I guess, and maybe it would have been interesting in some extremely small way to see some get made. If we could have just walked in and taken a quick tour, that would have been nice. But, after a half hour of waiting in a barely moving line, when they started talking about taking our belts off, emptying our pockets, putting everything on a conveyor belt, and walking through metal detectors, we decided our time would be better spent elsewhere. We're tourists, not Guantanamo detainees. I just wanted to see some pennies, for crying out loud. We skipped out of line and caught a cab to the Mutter Museum instead.
Free self guided tours. It seriously took much longer than expected. With two young children reading the information and explaining everything we were there for about 40 minutes stopping in all three floors. There are a few benches midway through the third level, however no bathrooms (which isn't really necessary, but FYI) except near the elevators. Lots of boards to read and many interactive videos. I wish I could have seen the Mint in action. The repetition of the information was helpful. My five year old got something from it all. The second floor provides a little history which was cool. The short movie space was very dark, but worth a watch. 

The gift shop is pretty cool with items from $1 to several hundred dollars. I. This Saturday there weren't many people there so no lines and we were able to get through not only the city, but each attraction slowly lucky for us.
The self-guided tour takes you through the process of how coins are made.  There are displays explaining each step in the process and you get to look down and see the machines that actually make the coins.    

One thing I didn't like is that other people aren't always courteous to those around them, but that is something that is very difficult to control.
I work in finance so money interests me. It's pretty cool to see the "factory" where our coins are made.  We arrived on a Friday and unfortunately the machines weren't running at that time but the exhibits and videos gave us a good idea of how everything works. There's a fun gift shop where you can buy enlarged replicas of our coins. This is a fun place to kill half an hour.
You guys already know I'm a dork, but since none of you other dorks have yet reviewed the US Mint in Philadelphia, now you have to deal with my First to Review badge.  Ha ha.  Suckers.

So I checked this place out when I was visiting dear Erin O. in Philly.  It's hard to accurately describe my feelings and impressions of so much Americana in so short a time.  Add to this the fact that it was scorching and humid and that I was walking most of the time, and I probably have a pretty skewed idea of what these places are really like.

But I love the mint.  Why?  Because despite its architectural Spartanism, it's exactly what I want when I'm not on a field trip.  Except it felt like I was on a field trip.  Which is kinda the point, no?

OK, I'm not making any sense, so I'll put it this way:  If you enjoyed grammar-school field trips to boring government things, then you'll love the mint.  If you didn't, you won't.  But, see, the tour is free, so all you're wasting is time if you don't like it.

It's so cool to see all the little conveyor belts and robots and baskets carrying quarters everywhere.  It's actually like Willy Wonka's chocolate factory except for the lack of Oompa-Loompas and edible scenery.

A word for the wise:  If you're planning to visit here, make sure beforehand to check out the ridiculous Homeland Security threat level.  If it's orange or red, the mint is closed.  Why terrorists would want to steal quarters is beyond me, except that I could see that living in squalid caves in the mountains of Afghanistan with a madman leader on dialysis could give you the urge to wash your sheets often, and I'm sure these caves' washing machines and dryers aren't free.  Hence the need for quarters.
While the building itself is neat to visit, and the history is fun to read about, the rude and unhelpful staff here make it an unpleasant tourist experience. They have kitschy penny smushing machines but then don't have change machines or cashiers who will make change for you if you have no coins. When I asked the lady handing out the shredded money where the colored fibers came from in the bags, she didn't offer an explanation, but insisted it was all real and told me not to question it. Not what I asked, but okay...maybe PR can work on disposition of employees and educating them on products they are giving out to customers.
Gotta love money. I'm a minor coin collector, and a history buff, so a visit to the Mint was on my list. One thing in the Philadelphia Mint's favor (as opposed to the Denver Mint) is that you don't need a reservation - all the tours are self guided, and most of it involved a long walk across the length of the building. Be aware that, since the sequester, they only operate the machines Monday through Thursday. I was there on a Friday, so all I saw as the empty machines and piles of blanks in a number of different places. Still, the exhibits on creating the dies, blanks and so on were interesting. It's well worth an hour if  you are in the Independence Square area and you're waiting for your time to go to Independence Hall.
This was a complete waste of my time!! I just wasted 2 precious hours of my life staring at a whole bunch of machines. BORING!!! When you get to the first room, the video and the little computer game are lame. Next, you have to go up the tiniest escalator ever and walk down a hallway that seems to never end. Next, you actually get to the most exciting part of all (which still isn't very exciting): the hallway with all of the steps to making coins. This hallway also has views of the machines. I would recommend going to this place only if you are completely bored out of your mind and have nothing else to do.
Free museum and completely self guided.  Security is strict and they checked our IDs before we entered the building.  No photographs inside, which is a shame because they have many photo-worthy items, but I'm sure it's for security reasons.  They had some pretty neat commemorative coins and medals on display.  Also, during our visit, we only saw a handful of other visitors which was a nice break compared to other tightly packed sites.
I stumbled upon the mint while I was wandering around the Liberty Bell area and was pleasantly surprised! It was a really cool experience!

It was a Wednesday and the machines were actively producing coins. I also got to see some of the medals being made, which was very interesting. The self guided tour is very informative and there is also an exhibit with historical artifacts. 

The best part is that it is FREE! I would definitely recommend checking this place out!
Mint is a self guided tour. They are serious when they say they close at 4:30PM, they will not allow you to enter after 4PM and around 4:15PM begin to push you through the hallways towards the exit. Gift shop also closes exactly at 4:30PM, anything not purchased stays. They do not allow photography which was a let down since there was some interesting and good photo opportunities. Factory was pretty much off at 4PM when we walked thru, therefore, we did not get the full experience. AC did not seem to be working in the first part of the tour area which made it a little hot and muggy. Still interesting to see, specifically since it's free!!
Interesting experience. See where our money is made and the history behind it. There wasn't much machine action when we were there, but did see how the pennies, quarters and dimes were processed and saw the folks working the crazy machines that make our economy go. 

It's a pretty small museum and a quick stop. Nothing too crazy to talk about, but an enjoyable break from the winter weather outside.
The Mint was great.  This is the place where coins are made, not bills.  There's very interesting history and info along the tour.  The tour is self guided.  You go up the first escalator and get off where you can read history and view artifacts.  Then you up another flight, view more history and artifacts along the wall until you circle around to the "factory" floor.  Unfortunately there was no production the day we went (7/3).  I guess they were off for the Fourth of July.  We were still able to see coins and recognize the different machines used in each step learned from the tour.  It was very interesting.  No pictures are allowed inside. Don't be turned off if there is a line outside because it goes fast. We parked in a parking garage a block behind the Mint.  We couldn't find a spot on the street.  This was a great experience for us and the kids.  They even got money fidget spinners out of it!  LOL!
Um, how did YELP get all these pictures posted when there are signs all over creation saying not to take pictures????It was very interesting.  We went first on a Saturday when the machines were not running but then returned during the week to see the "action" and frankiy there was not that much difference.
Tickets - None needed. Just wait in line to go through metal detectors.  

Top floor - Full view of the factory operation.
Middle floor - Short presentation clip and some exhibits.
Bottom floor - Gift shop
FREE! 
NO PHOTOGRAPHY!
ID REQUIRED!

Out of the three historical places we went to this was my dad's favorite. It is a self tour that ends in the gift shop. You get to see all the coins that had been made which is pretty interesting. There are glass windows where you can look into the factory and see all the machinery. We saw a lot of pennies.
Pro's: 
Free, self-guided, cool, nice gift shop
Con's: 
Was not producing coins when we went (Friday)
Tips: 
Make sure you know when they are closing, I thought they were open till six, but they were actually closing at five, and we only had about 25 minutes to look around before heading out. I would also call ahead if possible, to make sure you go when coins are actually being produced, as obviously that is the most awesome part of this tour!
The US Mint in the old city is a nice historic building and free museum for tourists and Philly locals alike. Here you can learn about the history of the US currency, educate yourself on the technology for making coins, and see the actual factory operations yourself (from a safe distance!). The visit was pretty neat, and for free, the value was hard to beat. You can spend an hour here, or just breeze through, depending on how much time you have. Overall a cool activity for anyone in this part of the town. Check it out!
i actually thought this was REALLY COOL! i came with low expectations, but once i got upstairs, the displays were modern (did they revamp this recently?), and i could see them making coins below. it was awesome! i read about dies, castings, lasers, where the term "mint" condition came from, how they search for flaws, etc. it was all so interesting!
COOL!!! I wish we could have seen people working more closely, or get like an off cut coin as a souvenir or something. Also, the amount of security was a little cray cray, but I guess it's the mint. I liked the self-guided (free) tour too
Self guided tour and something to just kind of do once and cross off "the list."  The highlight of this is there is a change machine in the front that will give you the latest 2018 quarter so if you're into collecting those, you put a dollar into the machine and you get 4 of them.

The rest of the self-tour takes you around explaining how coins are made and how the process works which you can see from above.

Would have been nice if they had more fun-facts for kids as you're going along the tour or if they would have multiple coin-machines for getting other quarters.  The shop sells from coin gift-sets but again they don't seem to cater to any kids as they didn't have the peanuts coin that was minted for Charles Shultz . 

As we were leaving and wife was sitting on a bench, Mnuchin came into the entrance so we got shooed to the side I guess for protection reasons.  I guess times are different nowadays.. I remember as a kid that if a high level politician came by, they would often shake the hands of people in the public area.
A FREE self-guided mint tour is available ...while you can learn about the process of minting coins there is not a lot of "activity" to see in the mint.  It's mainly poster boards of information and while you can look into the mint printing rooms, there's really not much to see (only coins are minted here).

No cameras/video are allowed inside the mint just be advised.
It was snowy and cold, and our plan of visiting the city hadn't included this accidental day. While wandering around in search of food and entertainment, we stumbled across the Mint. We'd been to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing in DC, and so figured it would be interesting to see the other side of the coin (no really, please, someone stop me). 

It was way more interesting than I thought it would be. Given the weather the factory wasn't really running, but even just the exhibits and information was awesome. I learned a lot and got to see a lot of cool aspects of the coins that we use. Love that it's free, also! It's self-paced, my experience was even better because there was NO ONE else in the place. 

My one complaint--the Bureau of Engraving and Printing makes really cool things with their scrap money (we have an awesome Christmas ornament made out of shredded money). I was thinking that they could give some of the scraps they have to local artists and have jewelry and ornaments made out of them to sell to visitors. It would have been a great souvenir.

Definitely a cool place to check out. There's lots of hands-on stuff as well, so I think kids would really enjoy it too.
One of the staples of not only Philly but America, holistically.  Being a typical America I have coins and spend them or throw them in my coin jar and don't think twice.  The Mint highlights the history of coins and takes visitors down a journey that highlights what is involved in the life cycle and background of coins.

The star of the show is the staff member that monitors the tour areas, cleaning the windows and exhibits.  I apologize for not knowing his name but he would randomly pop up and quickly strike up a conversation.  He was a wealth of knowledge and offered much more than a visitor would learn through the self guided tour.
The Mint is great. For it was free. But the materials are outdated like crazy. Lots of apologetic notes on the walls for that reason, but I'd wait until the information gets revamped, which should be by mid to late 2012, or so they say.

It is pretty cool when you get to see some coins coming through. Most of the time, it's just walking and seeing some workers hanging out on the factory floor. But of course, remember that it's free. If, say, your parents are visiting Philadelphia, want to see lots of stuff, but also cheap, then spend 45 minutes here.
Place is a rip of online and 100% disappointed in how there website makes it physically impossible for us collectors to own anything they release.  They sell them to all dealers and we do not get any... They released a silver coin today got all the way to it processing and then it drops and nothing... Magically the product is no longer available!!!! They need an overhaul on the website
If your like me... and like factories... and like coins... then the mint is a great place to visit. Today there were very few other visitors so gettin in was easy and I could take all the time I wanted (plus more) to look at the displays and the factory floor. 

So what was most interesting to me, you ask?  Almost everything. The static displays show how coins are designed and how the dies are made. I should have known, but didn't, that even coin design and die making has progressed from a hand-crafted art to computer aided design and CNC. Fascinating. 

The biographical info on the designers... fascinating. 

And then there was the factory:

Watching a giant crane moving pallets of material... fascinating. 

Watching rolls of metal getting cut up into little circles... fascinating. 

Watching the furnaces that annuals the blanks, and machines that plush and upset the blanks... fascinating 

Watching the conveyors carrying little circles of metal to the minting machines... fascinating. 

Watching little circles of copper getting smashed into cents... fascinating.

Watching the very few employees doing QC checks on the newly minted cents... fascinating. 

But best of all... in the medallion area they were minting large medallions... one-by-one, by hand. Could see it all: dies, planchets, half-stuck and fully-struck medallions, etc etc. FASCINATING. 

The gift shop had nice stuff but didn't do much more than browse. Not as fascinating.
