It's new, and that is the best thing about it. It is basically an updated version of the Tower. 

Sound is not as good as the Tower, the Academy of Music, or others.

Seats are comfortable. 

Security is not bad.

Neighborhood is not great. Not much around. Seven restaurants are scheduled to open in the next year or so.
Celebrating the holidays on two continents has always been a challenge and this year due to events beyond my control it involved a couple of back and forths over the North Atlantic.  That is good for my frequent flyer accounts but not always good on efficient use of time. One Christmas gift I received were tickets to the new Met (the old Metropolitan Opera House) to attend the Kurt Vile concert and check out Philly's latest concert venue. Well I was def a bit jet lagged but I arrived in Philly just in time to do exactly that.

First of all I loved the Met! The staff were friendly, the seats were great and roomy (center loge), the beer was good (Conshy Puddler's Row), and the sound was most excellent (remember the Phila. Orchestra made most of their recordings here because of the super acoustics.) Getting there was no prob - we parked for free on the street a block away. It is awesome that a century-old building as grand as this opera house has been resurrected to serve a whole new generation of music lovers. And how cool that my first concert there was of local boy Kurt Vile rockin' the joint. Welcome back to life Metropolitan Opera House! I didn't know you before but I'm going to get to know you in the future!
My second visit to the Met for Kirt Vile started badly when they started the show before the posted time of 8:00. Got a text from a friend who arrived just before 8 telling me that the opener had just finished! So I bustled over as fast as I could. If the show is to start at 8, that means 8, not 7:30!

Staff very nice. Usher found a dropped glove of mine and returned it to me! Nice efficient bathroom attendant really kept things moving along in the bathroom.
Easily the most obnoxious staff I've ever observed in my entire life. God help you if your foot travels out of the allotted 6" of space in a seat made for children, because the Met gestapo will already be on the way to make sure that you curl back up into the fetal position. 

Multiple times throughout the night, the gestapo would come back sniffing around in the air for cannabis like a damned K-9 unit, removing groups of people, causing massive distractions as the show is going on. One security member yelled like it was an emergency when someone in the front row put their feet up on the railing. I've never seen anything like it. 

Meanwhile, security doesn't seem to realize that they themselves are conferring with one another right in the aisle all show, right in the first three rows, without any regard for the experience of the show attenders. I guess once you put on an Under Armor vest, you think you are highly mission critical. I will never waste my money to go to another show at this well-renovated disaster of a venue. A nice building does not make up for a terrible experience. 

I wish I would have just left half way through, because it never got better.
AMAZING! The venue was just big enough without feeling lost, and the reconstruction kept the old charm. But the best part about our experience was the unbelievable staff! From the people checking our bags, ( which is a job no one likes to have done to them...) to the friendly woman in the bathroom and not to forget the over the top helpful, kind, patient ushers, our experience was golden! Kudos in a world of "can be" angry people, this staff was top notch! Whatever you are doing... keep it up! It's refreshing and we'll be back.
Hooray for Philly -- This revitalized venue is a real asset to the city, especially on North Broad!  Impressive interior w/ 4 tier seating.  Acoustics are solid.  Seats are very comfy, w/ cup holders no less.  The beer selection is quite extensive as well.  On a not-unrelated note, lines for the bathroom were quite long.  The unisex bathroom set up is time efficient (at least for the ladies), but not necessarily space efficient.  Stage lighting wasn't great, especially when the lead singer kept getting lost in the darkness.  Security made its presence known (probably a good thing), but could appear a little overbearing.  Overall, the Met is a strong addition to the city's entertainment scene!
The music sounds good and the attendants are super friendly.  There is no parking and shared restrooms which is just weird.
its a nice theater but and a big but here. it would be nice when you buy tickets that you are warned you may have an obstructed view by the several columns you have in the theater. other theaters warn you. you do not . the parking price of 40 bucks in the surrounding area is outrageous.  i have one more show in the future but that will probably be my last show.  the sound was meh.  there are better theaters out there.
I came to the Met to see Patty Smith which was an outstanding show. The venue is really nice and the sound is decent. The neighborhood provides ample parking, but is clearly not ready for such a busy venue. Prices for everything are inflated and ticket prices are crazy. To be honest,  they would have to drop prices on tix quite a bit for me to return....unless i score freebees again like i did for this show.

Oh yeah, this was a seated show and the staff threw many patrons out of the show for dancing in the isles....pretty lame.
I was thrilled to be here for opening night with Bob Dylan! It warms my heart that something exciting is happening in this neighborhood which is close enough for me to walk to from Spring Gardens. The building is absolutely beautiful. It is an old opera house that fell into disrepair and was shuttered. After a $56 million renovation it is pristine. High ceilings and 4 levels of seats. Seats are comfy and have cup holders (yay!). There are 25 bars! 

Staff very friendly and abundant. Staff excited about opening night. Bartender gave me free club soda. 

A few opening night glitches...staff didn't know location of water fountain. When found, it was shut off due to a leak. Women's restroom on first floor closed for some reason, had to go to second floor. I'm sure this has been remedied by now. There are gender neutral bathrooms. 

Acoustics are excellent. Sight lines good. Even from upstairs the seats are good. 

Dylan wouldn't allow cell phone pix (also yay!) and security was really on top of that which I appreciate. I assume that's only pertinent to Dylan, however. 

Parking seemed an issue to some folks as there were multiple parking lots and prices. I was really glad I could walk. 

For those worried about safety, the outside is VERY lit up and there were a lot of police present. The venue is about half way between the Fairmount and Girard stops. Just a few blocks. 

Really hopeful this venue brings new life to N. Broad Street! Thanks to those who had the vision.
