This is a super neat and unique outdoor museum that's located right outside of the Liberty Bell Center. The President's House is the remains of Presidents John Adams and George Washington's former home. The museum features exhibits that focus on slavery between the late 1790's and early 1800's. 

It was crazy to see just how many people were enslaved during Adams and Washington's presidency. This information is not new, but to see the actual number of slaves listed is really triggering. It's honestly a humbling experience, especially for those like myself who have slave ancestry.

One of the elements that I really enjoyed about this museum was the Obama family feature. I love how the focus wasn't solely on slavery, but also on current day evolution. Too bad that these slaves didn't get to live long enough to see the day when one of us would evolve to become President. But luckily for me and their heirs, we get to reap the benefits of being free. There's still a lot of work to do of course, but we've come a long way since 1790.

This is a really wonderful landmark that I honestly almost enjoyed as much as the Liberty Bell Center. Since it's located outside, it's essentially open 24 hours a day. And the best thing of all; it's absolutely free to visit. Make sure you take advantage of this museum and explore it while you're in Philly.
Located just outside the visitor center for the Independence National Historical Park, this is the site of America's first presidential mansion, used by both George Washington and John Adams.
 
While what remained of the house was mistakenly demolished in the 1950s as part of the creation of Independence Mall, subsequent excavations have revealed the former foundations of the structure, which folks can now see through glass enclosures in the ground. The above-ground portions have been turned into a shell-like memorial to what once stood here. In particular, they feature exhibits on the workings of the house, particularly what life was like for the slaves who worked inside it.
 
Unless you're Aaron S. and are easily triggered by any reminder of how America's history is nuanced and how our founders were complicit in slavery, this will be a very, very informative site.
Very in-depth, very informative; we were lucky to arrive at a time with very few people.  The "house" is built above the foundation of the original structure, which is being excavated down below; and, can be viewed through plates of glass.  It was very cool; and, there is no need to get a ticket, nor to pass through security.  I don't know if the "dig" will be open to the public at some point; but, we've done that in a few cities; and, it's always quite a site to be underground connecting with history.  Very well done.
A very neat out door memorial that is open 24-hours a day and 365-days a year on Independence Mall that  examines the paradox of freedom and slavery at the nation's first executive mansion. The President's House tells the story of Presidents George Washington and John Adams and offers a glimpse into the lives of nine enslaved Africans who served there. It sits right in front of the entrance to the museum that houses the liberty bell. You can walk through the structure. See where the fire places were. Along the walls there's neat little tidbits of George Washington and Martha Washington's life there along with information about their slaves. There's a tv screen on a wall playing videos of narratives of the slaves lives among other historical facts about the house. There's a closed off glass encased area where u look down a pit and can see parts of the old brick structure that archaeologists found back in 2007. It's really worth checking out before you go to see the liberty bell. And best of all its free and you don't have to wait in any kind of line to see it.
This was really cool to see. It's simple and not a huge monument which might be why so many other reviewers have been disappointed. But although it was small, it is open 24/7 all year around so it's easy to squeeze this into a trip to Philly. The discussions that this memorial prompted for myself and my husband (we saw this together) was great and it really gives another view into this part of history that's often overlooked in textbooks. Definitely worth a visit if you're in Philly.
The best history experience! 

Come and see old ruins, archaeological digs and see the Liberty Bell near Independence Hall. Plenty of artifacts, vitrines, old political objects as well as posters, old plates/cutlery, trinkets, pins.

During Corona, there were long lines; both out- as well as inside. Masks needed.

Review: 5
