A rainbow walkway leads you into the best summer pop-up Oval design yet! Hip vibe with light swags in the trees hanging over long picnic tables, smart new giant blocks that help to carve up the space. Way better than past years.. yummy food trucks, beer garden, giant chess and ice cream. Busy but not over crowded on a Friday night. Had a yummy blood orange white wine spritzer to start the evening off right! Really can't beat the stunning Art Museum back drop! Apparently there are movies on Fridays, and I'll definitely be back for Saturday Quizzo and live music!
A thing I really love in recent years about this fab town is the fantastic use of "dead space". Enter the birth of places like The Oval. Now, I get it, I've heard all of the mixed reviews. Some of the negatives would be "ehh", "it's just ok", "Boring" "I don't get it". For those people I say, go play in an empty parking lot that was once here. I personally think places like these are a fabulous asset to our city and provide a plethora of different types of FREE fun for all which is both needed and appreciated. Summer in the city means children laughing and playing and running and jumping, splashing and creating, music going, folks drinking, friends gathering with gorgeous views of the city as the backdrop. So, there you have it...The Oval. 

 I think The Oval can appeal to everyone.... To families with little to no money to spend who want to have a fun day or night out. Pack a picnic and bask in the sun! Play some games or let the kiddos go crazy in the sandbox. Grab a screening of an old school movie because seeing one outside on a blanket is just really fun. Head out for some gourmet popsicles and a complimentary game of family mini golf. Or maybe mom just needs a break and wants to relax in a chair while her kiddos play right there in front of her. She gets a night off from cooking and just food trucks it. Mom & Dad can play corn-hole like they did when they first met in college or take in a very serious game of oversized chess while the kiddos play another game next to them. It's great for the nanny or tired caregiver who needs to find a new way to occupy those crazy kids and who are tired of those same spots they always go to year 'round. The boys looking for a new outdoor spot to kick back with some brews and a game of table tennis. A casual girl's night post fancy din on Rittenhouse or maybe even post date night drinks with the hubs? Be silly, get your game on and unwind. Take your kiddos to a FREE art class or soccer lesson. You grab a FREE yoga or Zumba class. There's really a little something for everyone. 

The space brings the city together in a very fun, vibrant way. It supports young artists, musicians, organizations and local business. The Oval has a cool, laid back vibe right in the middle of the busy Parkway. I believe it makes kids and parents equally happy. Really, honestly, what's not to like? The colors. The lights. The changing concepts each year. It's just think it's fab. 

I know our family just loves a day or night at The Oval. I think you need to experience both a day and a night visit. Two totally different vibes. My kids beg to come here. We gather a group of mommy friends and pack a lunch and get dirty and wet during the day. We grab their Daddy and go after work on a random weekday and stay for sunsets and food truck it for a quick din. Or we hang out on the weekend nights... Friday nights are always a blast! We rock out with live bands sometimes. It's nice to just have a free or very inexpensive, easy no brainier night right there for the taking.
Cute outdoor park in front of the Philadelphia art museum.  Got drinks (after making it through a long line), chilled out, and people-watched.  There were some food trucks nearby selling pizza, tater tots, sandwiches and ice cream.  Overall, a nice way to spend a summer afternoon.
I was not really impressed by the Oval. Expensive beer, no parking, weird decor.

I work in manufacturing so being surrounded by chemical totes and weird cement slabs reminds me too much of work when I am trying to relax. There are so many more accessable places to visit in the city that offer better drink prices. 

Their a few options for seating: pads on top of cement, picnic tables, and make shift crate booths. There were a bunch of children playing with the different things in the middle section (where the mural on the ground is) but I was not as entertained.

There are a ton of food trucks, which is really nice if you want to try the whole food truck trend but I'm kind of over the novelty. 

Overall, expensive and a pain to get to. I think other Beer Gardens are worth trying before coming back here.
This is a well-deserved review update for the Oval. As I've learned over the past two years, the Oval is way more than just a painted parking lot. The Oval actually offers some pretty cool free programming, in addition to the food trucks and beer garden. 

The largest free programming opportunity was the Future Sensations exhibit sponsored by Saint Gobain. Aside from this news-making programs, they actually have some pretty cool regularly scheduled activities. Generally here's how it works:

Wednesdays: Wellness
Thursdays: Arts and Culture
Fridays: Movie Night
Saturdays: Games
Sunday: Family Time (READ: NO BEER GARDEN!)

Their website has the times and details for the various activities. 

I recently participated in a free yoga class for Wellness Wednesday. With the Art Museum in front of us, the Parkway behind us and the clear blue sky overhead, it was a priceless experience. The food trucks and beer garden were also open and so that we could put a (small) price on our experience afterwards. I'm a fan of the beer garden already (see my 2014 review), and I'm seriously appreciative of such close-to-home access to some of Philly's top notch trucks. 

Since they already happened to have paved a parking lot, turning it into paradise is the next step. Good work, Philadelphia Parks & Recreation.
This is a phenomenal use of open space in the city. Providing family fun for all ages free of charge . 

There are food trucks, giant sized games for all ages ( chess, checkers, connect four) mini golf, a beer garden, sprinklers and a sand box filled with neon pink Sand haha

Right outside the art museum ! Woohoo I loved it. Wish the staff was more attentive. I found some broken toys in the sandbox that were in a pretty dangerous condition and couldn't find a single employee to show it to so I tossed it. 

Great use of the space and a great way to bring more outdoor fun into the city. Would be 5 stars if it were staffed by better people
Such a great idea! An outdoor beer garden built with milk crates but has lounge chairs, hammocks, tables, etc. beautifully decorated with lanterns on trees! Party time, great gathering with friends! They also have a section for kids or kids at heart with giant connect fours, chess, checkers..
Value 5/5
Atmosphere 5/5
Service 4/5
Quality 4/5
18/20
Located at the bottom of the Art Museum stairs, Eakins Oval has a playground, as well as a large statue of Washington on horseback. It's a very nice park on the Parkway.
Lots of food trucks, games, and a beautiful beer garden on the parkway with painted cement art in front of the art museum! One of the food trucks had burger sliders which were amazing. Beer garden has the local brews plus ciders, and you'll need to sign up with an email. Games include connect four, ping pong, and a sandbox for the kids! Some weeknights (I went on a Wednesday night) they have bands playing. Parking can be a hassle so best to walk/Uber/bus. Overall, fun place for happy hour!
The Oval is such an amazing addition to a downtown parking lot in the summer/fall. It is consistently kid-friendly with adult friendly beer gardens, as well! There are many games, fitness activities, food trucks, and musical artists, as well. 

In the past, there have also been art installations and carnivals. Lots of fun for all.
I came here with a few friends for Outdoorsy Weekend. The online event page had made it sound absolutely thrilling--complete with plenty of food, beer, and Sunday Afternoon Football. We were pumped.

Upon arriving, it was pretty anti-climactic. There were maybe two or three food trucks, including one that only sold cupcakes; there was only one beer vendor, which was a bit overpriced; and the game was being shown on two tiny TVs, instead of a large screen like we had anticipated.

Overall, the park is located in a very nice area near the Philadelphia Art Museum and it's certainly very scenic and peaceful. Unfortunately, the reputation of the events that take place here are kind of lame, and this was no exception.

Side note: we did break out into an amazingly spontaneous dance battle at one point with a few strangers. Totally awesome.
I've been watching them transform the once parking lot at Eakins Oval into a park and its pretty cool looking.  I never saw a lot of car in that parking lot anyway this seems like a much better use of the space.  And they have a great event calendar.  Check out there facebook page for updates: https://www.facebook.com/TheOvalPHL/info I find it easier to navigate than the parks and rec website they are associated with.  I am looking forward to spending some more time here this summer.
Granted it's a heck of a lot better than the run-down parking lot that was there before, but admittedly I was not all that enthralled by The Oval when I stopped by over the weekend. Sure they have a few food trucks that are pretty good and some events now and then but otherwise it's just a few big sandboxes, a couple of oversized chess sets and ping pong tables, a few big fans spraying cool mist, a vacant stage, portapotties, and a lot painted to look like sand. I read that they were supposed to have bocce ball at The Oval but I could not find it. I suppose if you are going to an event there, are into ping pong, or you have kids who crave a king sized sandbox it would be more fun.
Yet another pop-up beer garden and other activity space. I give kudos to any city that puts these together. How well they put them together is another story. This one seemed to be too spread out. 

There's a DJ, places to sit, a lawn area, a beer garden under the trees, food trucks, and plenty of photo opportunities. On Fridays they have movie night. This past Friday when we walked through, they were going to show Dodgeball. 

When entering the beer garden, you have to register and get your hand stamped. Registering entails putting your name and email address on a tablet so that they can market to you. All I can say is if they make you do that each time you go... yeah, I wouldn't be visiting. On this particular night all I wanted was a bottle of water. It didn't help that the lady manning the entrance was speaking in the lowest volume possible. SPEAK UP! I had to ask her to repeat herself a few times... useless. Needless to say on this night that my name was Brad Fone and my email was jkljlksajsdkj@gmail.com

Two stars here. It'd be a great place to grab a quick bite from a food truck and watch a Friday movie. Aside from that... pass on everything else.
It's a giant concrete playground for kids. Bring knee pads, a helmet, and a towel. 
On the other side is a beer garden where you can sit on manhole covers and play corn hole.
The Oval is one of the many reasons why I love Philly and its city park initiatives. This park, smack dab in the middle of fairmount park area, across from the art museum, always has festivities and activities for all ages. This time, I came for a free Silent Philly event with my sister. It was fun and I noticed that they've added picnic tables which is a nice addition for people. It has been maintained well with plenty of space to hang with friends. It would be nice if they held more events throughout the year such as fall events and during the Christmas season. I can see it being really festive and fun for families.

Parking can be a hassle, as is the case for many locations in this area.
As we mark the start of many events leading into the summer, events at Oval Park) should definitely be on your list of things to check out. Head to 23rd and Arch streets - right in front of the Art Museum.

This past inaugural weekend, PHAIR festival was open from Thursday through Saturday. Last year, this open-air market ran every Saturday until early November, so I suspect this year may be the same.

Events at Oval Park often include an impressive lineup of various food trucks. This past weekend showcased the Foo Truck, Surf and Turf, and the Tot Cart. Look for a review of the latter two soon!

If you've gotten your fill for the evening, be sure to get your competitive spirit ready in the form of corn hole / bean bag toss. 

Or if life-size chess or checkers is more your speed, Oval Park and PHAIR have that for you as well! 

There will likely be a DJ or band playing as you gaze across the Philly skyline.

And please do check out the vendors selling their hand-crafted wares. Philly has certainly seen an influx of flea markets and festivals, but it's nice to see that we're great at events that reinforce community and small businesses. In a city that is often labeled as being the tops in morbidity or mortality, in the humble opinion of this pig, such events have made quite the difference.
Not gonna lie, the Oval kinda sucked.  For me.  But props for trying, I guess.

It was Saturday afternoon, decent out, and we thought it would be a perfect chance to check out the Oval, maybe have a beer or three.

Nope.  No beer.  Wait, the beer garden here isn't all the time?  Apparently not.  So what is there instead?  A few food trucks (nothing against them), a stage with no one on it, some games to play, and a bunch of screaming kids.  NOT my kind of place.

But we stayed, tried to get a spot on ping pong, make the best of it.  Nope, couple of kids were whacking balls all over the place with the equipment.  Cool.  Oh oh, baggo cleared up!  Grab the bags...and two hoodrat kids grab the rest and start playing on one end.  So we're left throwing bags into the other end from like 5 feet away.  It wasn't fun.

Hey maybe we can just sit down for a bit?  Nope.  No seating, other than the grass.  So we left after like 15 minutes total.  We didn't enjoy it, but we're two people in their mid-late 20's who hate children and had already eaten before arrival.  Just not much there for us.

We love the city is trying though, and making use of the space.  That's cool.  But manage expectations coming here.  More of a Philly public pool scene sans actual pool, if you know what I mean.
Came here on two separate occasions. One for a silent dance party and one for a movie night. They have the area blocked off, but it is still very open and spacious. There are some pretty lights up and the area is set up in a chill manner. The oval is pet friendly, and they even provide water bowls, which my dog loved. There's plenty of picnic tables and general seating. My friend and I had no trouble finding a space with our dogs. Depending on the event, there's different food trucks in the area and there's a bar in The Oval so it's a nice place to just relax. There's also no cover and they allow you to bring in outside food. Definitely a cool area to just hang out if you don't feel like going to a bar.
