Simply known as "The Loop," it was here where I experienced my first "oh wow, this is pretty" moment. Blazing a trail on my then super cool mountain bike, speeding past runners, rollerbladers, bikers; taking in the out-of-city air; and grinning like a fool at the sight of the rowers, I can't help but think how much I love Philadelphia every time I ride this trail. 

If you're just moving to the area or if you're a local, get acquainted with The Loop. During spring and summer weekends, they close off West River Drive to cars so you and yours can ride/run/blade with ease...feeling the breeze...looking at trees...
8.6 miles of beautiful paths to run! I prefer the West River side on the weekends, because the road is closed to traffic - and it's usually pretty deserted.

If you add in the lower Schuylkill Banks part from the Art Museum to Locust, you've got yourself an almost 11 mile run. Get at it. 

Pro tips:

- Steer clear of Kelly Drive in the fall on weekends (lots of crew races).
-Please bike on West River on the weekends so you can be in the road and not on the crowded path
-Run up the Art Museum steps when you are finished with the loop
One of the greatest parts of living in Logan Square is the Schuylkill Running path at my disposal. Run it, Bike it, Walk it - anyway you want it, that's the way you need it. You get to see the most beautiful and green parts of the city.

Personally, when I jog I love making a pit stop at the Art Museum to channel my inner Rocky. Next, Boat House row always has a crowd of people plus has opened some snack shops if you are walking for leisure. You also can't miss the guy selling pretzels, water ice, Gatorade, etc. out of his van on the Kelly Drive side of Boat House row. 

If you continue past Boat House row you really get a treat of unique sculptures and other random statues that really make your exercise enjoyable. The river is very calming to de-stress. The further you get from the city, the less crowded it is although sometimes the hardcore cyclists aggravate me with their "ON YOUR LEFT!" I understand they yell it so I can hear it, but seriously, go put on some pants Lance. 

I think a great idea if you are planning a first date and really want to make a good impression is to pack a picnic, walk it out a good distance from the city (or drive, there are parking lots on Kelly Drive although not always spots), and enjoy the river and trees.
8.4 miles

Start at Lloyd Hall and head north towards East Falls, passing moms pushing strollers, sucking in your gut as girls who aren't even glancing in your direction run past you.

Mile markers spray painted on the ground every quarter-mile.  You'll hit the East Falls Bridge in just under 4 miles, and you can cross it for a less-trafficked return on West River Drive.

Or just turn around and pretend you aren't dying as you pass the people way more fit than you.
Not as good as Chicago's lake front path, but this is my go-to running path in Philly.  I start at the beginning at 25th and Locust, and then usually turn around at some point past boathouse row.  If you start where I do and take the path over the East Falls Bridge, and then back down West River Drive, I think its over 10 miles, good training for Broad Street. 
The mile markers don't start until you get to boathouse row.
8.45 miles - the loop.  Start at Boathouse, work your way down past the pretzel guy, under the strawberry mansion bridge, avoid the bicyclist coming at you at 40mph, make a left and go over the Falls Bridge, wrap around, pass the old Phila Water Works, finish up west river drive until it leads you around the art museum, dodge all the tourists standing in line at the rocky statue, pick up your pace and sprint to the start/finish.

Make sure you always carry a few $$ with you to buy something from the pretzel/water guy.  He's out there all the time, and a good guy at that.

*minus one star for the bikers who think the loop is for bikers only and WILL hit you if you don't move.
This is probably one of the most beautiful way to run through Philadelphia.  The Schuylkill River Loop stretches from Center City all the way to Valley Forge.  The scenery and nicely paved path makes for great running.  If there are any drawbacks, the smog from the cars and the high concentration of people exercising can make the experience somewhat less enjoyable (as the path isn't that wide).
This is a great loop for a long (well, kinda long) run and for people who are looking to train! Martin Luther King Drive is closed to traffic on Saturdays and Sundays 6 AM to 5 PM from April to October, so if you're also looking to get in a sweet bike ride where you're not crammed on the side walk this is a great time to take out the family and ride! The MLK side can be a little lonely compared to the other side, however it's a very peaceful route. I'm not sure if there are any mile markers that I'd really rely on, but it's 8.4 miles of beautiful scenery. Visiting runners or bikers should definitely check this out!
A great safe place to run, bike, walk, whatever on an 8.4 mile loop around the Schuylkill River. Bathrooms, water fountains, and parking at Lloyd Hall, and parking, portajohns, and water bottle filling stations/fountains scattered about the loop. West side closed April-October to vehicles, but watch the mad cyclists. A popular spot with locals!
I have ran this 8.5 mile loop to train for the Broad Street Run. I started at Lloyd Hall. I usually park at Segley Road where there is on time limit on parking. If you park in the lot it is two hours and the PPA will ticket you if you exceed 2 hours. It can get crowded on the kelly drive side. runners beware of bikes trying over pass you. Always look over your shoulder because they are quick to pass you. The terrain elevation fluctuate occasionally but generally level surface. I see some people running on the grass/terrain instead of the cement trail. It can get congested when they have rowing events. on the west river drive side is a more calm. You see very few runner on this side. It can get creepy as hell because there is no one there. I would recommend to run with a partner if you are a female (you cant predict people in Philly these days) the terrain can have goose crap so be cautious to avoid it. the scenery is always amazing. i see some port-a-potties on the kelly drive side and there are actual bathrooms at lloyd hall. The only problem I have is the question of pollution. There are thousands of cars pass by kelly drive and I-95 on west river drive so it's not like you're getting the freshest air but hey, it's the city.
Thank goodness for google for tourists in search of running routes!

I needed to get a 10 mile run in during my trip to Philly and the Schuykill trail came up as a safe option that is easily accessible from center city.  There is easy access going west from streets like Market and Chestnut, so I did my warm up walk and cool down walk to and from the path, and I had a great 10 mile run round trip from Chestnut to East Falls bridge and back.

Very high traffic from center city to a bit past Boathouse Row, then it lightens up significantly as you move further northwest.  Well maintained with a few drinking fountains and ports potties along the route.  Scenic with water and green views on one side, and interesting buildings like the museum, Boathouse Row and bridges on the other.  Minimal elevation change.  I liked the mix of some softer terrain in parts, but it is mainly a paved trail.  I had no idea there were so many runners in this city!

Great place to get some exercise!
