Located on what is probably one of the most beautiful, majestic streets in Philadelphia is the Rosenbach Museum & Library. I stopped by for a tour recently and was really taken by some of the beautiful pieces and the stories behind them. My docent of the day, Elyse, knew everything there was to know about each item and the museum itself. Truth be told, I felt like a royal dum dum, knowing next to nothing about art history, but I was assured that most people aren't overly familiar with many of the works. That, or Elyse was trying to make me feel better. It worked!

My favorite piece was a Thomas Sully portrait of Rebecca Gratz, a well-known Philadelphia socialite in the 1800s. The tale behind the woman is a truly fascinating one, and I was inspired enough to do my own research. 

I'd encourage anyone with a little extra time to spare to go and find his or her own muse within the walls of the Rosenbach.
If you're looking for a rare museum experience that strays far away from the typical, then look no further than the Rosenbach Museum. Tucked away on an unassuming side street, its a true readers paradise! But even the least avid of readers will enjoy its many first editions of classics, rare manuscripts from authors, interesting displays, and so much more.

If you can capitalize on it definitely be sure to partake in one of their special "guided tours". They take place in the rare book library of Dr Rosenbach, and provide a themed discussion where people can pass around and read from original classics and a few extremely rare author manuscripts. Our theme of Early Irish authors saw us reading from first edition copies of Gulliver's Travels and Ulysses, and passing around original notations from Oscar Wilde and Bram Stoker. While doing was absolutely amazing, doing it while being able to peruse book shelves that contained many editions of rare encyclopedias, bibles, and works of literature, and then some was absolutely fantastic! But if you feel the need to go it alone, you can request to schedule research appointments by checking the website.

While other displays might not be as incredible as the main reading room, they can be equally fascinating. the downstairs wing  always houses some works of Maurice Sendak and will seriously make you feel like a kid again. The 2nd floor exhibits always rotate and feature some pretty insightful things in their own right. When we went we were treated to original civil war documents and a room devoted to James Joyce's stay in Paris. But now the museum has an interesting exhibit that looks at objects that endured censorship.
Inexpensive and interesting: two of my favorite things!

Tucked away on the tranquil Delancey Street, the Rosenbach Museum & Library houses an impressive collection of books and artwork, amassed by the Rosenbach brothers, who appreciated gorgeous metalwork (I really want the gate that lies just within the Rosenbach's house's front door!), portraits, crystal dishware, statues, clocks, assorted furniture, and books!

Oh the books: they made me wish everyday books were still bound so exquisitely. Good thing the Rosenbach Library, though used most frequently by scholars, is open to the public for reading rare and beautiful volumes.

Go forth an indulge!
The best tour I have ever taken in Philadelphia, and I have taken them all.  The Rosenbach museum and library houses on of the great collections of first editions and examples of the first decade of printing anywhere. There is a treasure for every bibliophile. Handwritten Ulysses is a highlight.
There is a room that displays sketches and original drawings of Maurice Sendak. The room contains a mural that Sendak painted on a friends child's nursery it comes with a video on how they conserved and removed the mural for the museum. I found that very interesting.
The best part of my visit was the guided tour.  It was about an hour long and could have gone on for twice as long.  Our tour guide was engaging and willing to deviate.  he fed off our small groups energy and gave it back in spades.  He told stories as if we were gossiping about the subjects. dancing around the grittier nature of the story. He made it seem as though you were worried the subject might enter the room and overhear something. A reverence for ghost which is unparalleled in my experience as a tour taker.
psst : the rift between Nathaniel Hawthorne and Herman Melville may have been due to to pass made by Melville in public. probably both bi sexual, Hawthorne was way to uptight for PDA.

If you ever walked down Delancy street and wondered to yourself about it's 19th century glory. You can get a good taste of it by visiting the Rosenbach, and by taking the tour.
This is my favorite museum. They have original manuscripts by Joseph Conrad, my most favorite writer. Of course, they're all shoved in a drawer or some other place out of view because they're too busy showing children's books, but I had our tour guide rummage around to find the good stuff. 

After condescending to show us something written for people old enough to know how to read, our tour guide told us that the reason that Conrad was put out of view was because some author in vogue (I forget who) was angry that old Rosenbach paid more for the Conrad manuscripts than his own, and that they shouldn't even be on the same shelf. So, he humored him and banished Conrad to the drawer.
Even though I grew up in Philly, I never visited this place until after I moved away and was home for a recent visit.  There's no doubt in my mind that this museum needs to promote itself a whole lot more :-)

If you're the kind of person who loves books, or history, or the history of books, then for you this is a totally must-visit museum!

This isn't a very large place; it's housed inside two former private homes that are located in the historic Rittenhouse Square area.  The Rosenbach brothers (Abraham and Philip) and their families were the original residents.  One of the brothers was a lover of books (especially 1st editions); a few of the books he collected are now the only remaining copies that now remain.

I highly recommended that you take the guided tour offered here; if you show a student ID then admission will be half price.

My friend and I sent a couple of hours here on a recent visit, and I wouldn't hesitate returning on a future visit back to the City of Brotherly Love :-)
On my recent trip to Philadelphia, I visited no less than 6 museums, and the Rosenbach may have been my favorite. 

Not only does this place (the former home of two brothers) house all their fabulous furniture, art and general history. But you also get the crown jewel, the rare books. I went with a friend (we both work in book-related fields), and we were both kind of aflutter over this: Here's the collection of Maurice Sendak! And the works of Marianne Moore! An original manuscript of "Ulysses"! Notes by Bram Stoker about "Dracula" on Bellevue Hotel stationery! The papers of Joseph Conrad! And on and on. It was almost too much for someone of a scholarly bent to take in at once. It's also amazing that you can apply to do research here and make use of the works. 

Beyond the books, I really liked seeing the wrought (not cast) iron gates made by Samuel Yellin (we later saw similar ones by him at the art museum as well). They were stunning, not to mention the fact that the symmetry was amazing for something made by hand out of iron and teased into delicate shapes.

The three staff members we interacted with were courtly in manner yet laid back. The gift shop was small yet well appointed. 

Overall, a wonderful museum experience on a more intimate scale. I would certainly return or recommend it to anyone.
My friend had free passes for the Maurice Sendak exhibit a few months back, and luckily he invited me to go with him. It was my one and only visit to the Rosenbach, and I was impressed. Just walking down Delancey Street felt grand, despite the fact that it was raining and we were both soaking wet and I had a bagel and bottle of champagne in my coat pocket.

They greeted us eagarly, showed us to a coatroom where we hung our soggy jackets. The exhibit was extensive, spanning a couple of rooms. Our favorite part was the video clips- my friend liked the video interviews enough that he bought the DVD, I bought two Sendak books in the well-stocked gift shop.

We decided to take the house tour, which I recommend. It was nice to take in a little history about the mansion, which is beautiful and well-preserved. There were a bunch of interesting facts and anticdotes about the Rosenbach brothers, their mansion and their extensive collections. They have some pretty rare books there, shrouded under velvet. It was pretty fancy. Towards the end of the tour I became a little bored and our tour guide became a little long-winded, but I'm glad we took advantage of the house tour while we were there.

There's a Lincoln exhibit up now I really want to see!
I was looking for a museum that was off-the-beaten path for my solo Philly adventure day. The Rosenbach was exactly what I was looking for. It's only a few blocks from Rittenhouse Square in a beautiful area in the city with old, historic houses (many of them nationally registered as well!) that is an adventure in itself.

The Rosenbach is a museum of rare books dating from before the start of the founding of this country and a 19th century historic house home to two successful bachelor brothers late in their lives. The museum is immaculate and small. There isn't much of a self-guided tour here; there are hourly tours led by the folks at the Rosenbach who are quite knowledgeable in their lives, the books, and the house. 

I was expecting to see books - I wasn't expecting to learn about the extensive collection of Thomas Sully paintings, the impact of the Rosenbach brothers & Gratz family, and the rare manuscripts and notes for many books that became classics in American literature. I saw the likes of Herman Melville's "The Whale" (or Moby Dick, as we know it) and his own bookcase that housed those first copies of the book. Even some of the decorations were simply breathtaking like the old "urn" clock. 

Makes me a little sad I wasn't more into American literature or quite the bibliophiles that this place attracts but it certainly makes me appreciate it more as a whole!
The Rosenbach, located in a gorgeous house on a gorgeous street, has some really interesting exhibits worth checking out. One item of note is the portrait of Philadelphia socialite Rebecca Gratz; you may recognize the surname from such namesakes as Simon Gratz High School. She is also an interesting historical figure because, and I wish they would point this out on the tour, she was the inspiration for Rebecca, the daughter of Isaac of York, in Sir Walter Scott's Ivanhoe. It's an absolutely stunning portrait, and you should definitely make sure to see it when you're here. 

Another permanent exhibit is the room where Marianne Moore, the famous modernist poet, lived when she moved to Philadelphia. What's interesting about this space is that it's an identical replica of her apartment in Manhattan. If you look on the wall, you'll see what appears to be a picture of the room you're standing in, but is actually a picture of her NYC apartment. There is also a hands-on tour where you can read some epistolary correspondence between Moore and her contemporaries. 

Much of the space is dedicated to Maurice Sendak, which is cool, but not really my thing, per se. If you like Sendak, you should definitely visit here. 

All in all, it was a pleasant experience. One way they could improve would be to better train the docents doing the tours on modern american poetry so they can better speak to Moore's importance in this realm. Otherwise, I really enjoyed it.
Are you a bibliophile?  Does the smell of libraries and used bookstores kinda turn you on?  Or are you simultaneously obsessed with Maurice Sendak and wish you could see what a classy Rittenhouse brownstone looked like circa 1930?

I finally made it here with a friend for the excellent Sendak exhibit, which was filled with original sketches and some fascinating interviews with the man himself.  Since we had already paid the fee, we decided to take the house tour as well.  We had a hopped-up volunteer guide who managed to talk for an hour straight without taking a breath.  But I enjoyed the chance to time-travel into a preserved urban mansion from the mid-century, which was home to the Rosenbach brothers. One was a bookseller and the other collected antiques, so the house is basically a stunning private library and a small museum of high-quality carpets, furniture, and paintings.

The Rosenbach isn't for everyone. If you're totally uninterested in rare books and you're only mildly enchanted by Sendak, I recommend that you hit the nearby Mütter instead.  But if you're a hopeless bookworm or antiquarian, you should check this place out.
I was so happy with the tour I took of the Rosenbach! I needed to entertain an out-of-town friend and, at another friends recommendation, I decided to check it out. I'm not a huge history buff, but I am a book worm and this museum was right up my alley. There are many rare books and treasures in this collection. My tour guide was Julia and she was a delight! She was pleasant, funny, enthusiastic, and so knowledgeable. She offered so many fun facts throughout the tour! One can tell she likes her job. I had much fun and I learned a little history too! Definitely, an excellent activity for Philadelphians and out-of-towners alike.
The Rosenbach is the secret gem of Philadelphia museums. If you're interested in literary history and old houses, this place is immaculately maintained, has brilliant guided tours, and there is a Maurice Sendak room that changes exhibits about Sendak's life and works. (Note: despite this, I would not say this is a museum for young kids.) Look at their website and check out the current exhibits, because there is always something fascinating going on there. If I lived in Philly, I would visit a few times a year.
I attended the Bloomsday event at the Rosenbach Museum & Library.  The museum had a great feel and friendly staff, and the event was very well organized.  The speakers and exhibits are wonderful and it's located in a great neighborhood with plenty of dinner options.

One warning: the parking nearby is not cheap.  It's close to Suburban Station, so I recommend taking a train or bus if you plan on making a trip.
I had a good time here but I'm not sure I'd recommend it for just anyone. It's definitely for the hardcore book lover or art lover or even those who appreciate decorative arts. The tour guide I had was one of the rare not obnoxious ones who actually tried to engage the visitors and interact. True, I hoped for more impressive books to ogle but I suppose they weren't on display. There was, however, a death mask involved and, in all honesty, I tend to love those.
This is a museum and library, you can make an appointment to see and handle the historic manuscripts, of which they have many great ones. There are wonderful hands-on tours that you can buy in addition to your admission ($15 I believe), led by knowledgable curators. They are personal and intimate and well worth the time. The house itself has an interesting history so you should go on the general tour as well! They have nifty artifacts other than manuscripts that you should make sure to see.
I came at a time where it was right between post lunch and early 3 snack time so I was pretty much the only person there. The tour guide, who is oh so enthusiastic was amazing. Since I was the only one on the tour, I was able to ask as many questions as I wanted to about this amazing building. There were sculptures and art pieces ranging from Marie Antoinette's clock to a statue from 3000 years ago. I wish i could read one of the rare books, unfortunately that was not an option. The neighborhood around that area is very quiet and is beautiful. The home itself is amazingly beautiful so if you're ever in the area, it is a must go!
This is an excellent hidden gem. There is a small exhibit space that you can self guide through, but the main event is a docent-led tour through the historic house and rare book rooms. Our tour guide was great-- very knowledgeable and approachable. Visitors get an up close look at the gilded age splendor of the mansion and an introduction to the highlights of the Rosenbachs' collections. A treat that would be equally enjoyed by bibliophiles, history lovers, or those who enjoy a glimpse into the lives of the gilded era elite.
What's really amazing about visiting The Rosenbach is the hourly tour of the house and personal collections. The guide was very well informed and engaging. The place is incredible. I can't wait to go back for the hands on your on a Friday afternoon.
This place is weird but not in the way I hoped or expected it to be.  I wanted a cool old mansion that when you walked in you knew a geeky curatorial staff was behind the scenes delighting in bringing to light their strange assortment of collections.  Instead it was a stodgy old house, with a boring put you to sleep tour guide, with little background information on the objects she showed up.  Nothing about the place made me want to learn more about Dr Rosenbach or about his books and objects.  The wall statements are confusing, the order in which they display materials in the Sendak and other collections just don't make sense and have a far fetched through line. 

I have tried to sign up for the Hands On tours but have not been able to as they are canceled if not enough people show up.  I'm sorry, but a museum of this size should really accommodate a tour even if only 2 people are there.  This place has much potential, but is currently so disappointing.
After deciding that I have turned into a boring person and need to do more interesting things, I RSVP'd to attend a exhibit and discussion of Maurice Sendak's monsters at the Rosenbach Museum. I walked over after work and entered the building to a wall of blank stares. "So you're here for the.......?" I said I was here for the discussion and was pointed into the exhibit room until the discussion started. The room was the size of a large closet and it took me about 2 minutes to work my way through it. Since I now had 40 minutes to kill before the discussion started, I sat on one of the (very fluffy and comfortable) benches and pretended to read something while I eavesdropped on everyone's conversations. Everyone seemed so pretentious and the thought of being involved in a discussion with them for an hour fueled a panic inside me that grew and grew until 5:57 when I bolted out the door. I will definitely go back to check out other exhibits and take a tour of the house, which is included in admission price, but I will not be signing up for any more discussions!
For scholars and researchers, the Rosenbach has volumes of rare and collectible books.   But for the visitor, there weren't as many books on display as I'd hoped.  The museum, located in the Rosenbachs' former home, seemed more focused on the furniture and history of the family.  Since I'm not a fan of the decorative arts, I was disappointed.  I was almost tempted to buy some "James Joyce Ulysses" chocolate bars.  Then I regained my senses.
I thoroughly enjoyed my visit here today. The staff is friendly, welcoming, and very helpful. We first toured the Maurice Sendak exhibition and then went on to take a guided tour (offered on the hour). The Maurice Sendak exhibit is playful and extensive. The guided tour including a wealth of interesting information about how the collection was established an turned into the library and museum it is today. More than anything else, though, I loved the opportunity to see all of the rare books in the upstairs library. I can't wait to return for a hands-on tour. I was salivating at the idea of touching these amazing rare books and manuscripts!
***REVIEW IS FOR THE ROMANCE AT THE ROSENBACH TOUR**
My wife and I were lucky to score free tickets through our wonderful Community Manager Michele C. for this event. although both us have lived in the city all our lives neither of us had been to the Rosenbach before. The building this museum is housed in is a beautiful setting. The Rosenbach brothers were collectors of rare books and wonderful furnishings. 

The tour itself was small and included two others. Our guide was well versed in the history of the building and all of its contents. Although most of the stories would really not be considered overtly romantic, it was a very enjoyable. A lot of mistresses and divorces. The collection of rare books was something to see. Also the Maurice Sendak collection was open for viewing as well. I enjoyed the recent research exhibit concerning the cured meats. Overall if you have the chance get out and see this gem.
Delightful house containing the book and art collection of Dr. Rosenbach. 

We had an excellent tour given by Andrew. a very knowledgeable docent, and learned about Dr. R's life and very varied collection. Museum also includes a room replicating poet Marianne Moore's study.

In the lovely neighborhood of townhouses around Rittenhouse Square. A must for book and art lovers.
Our enthusiastic tour guide was as excited to show us around this fabulous old home as we were to experience it. I had never before heard of the Rosenbach brothers, but now won't soon forget them. Especially Dr. A.S.W. Rosenbach, the one chiefly responsible for the rare book collection. If you are impressed by knowing that you are surrounded by first editions and hand-written manuscripts of some of the world's most famous literature, then this is for you. If rare old books don't impress you, skip it, as you will be disappointed in this main attraction, and the two exhibits as well.
Rosenbach Museum is a gem, I spent 3 solid hours here. You want manuscripts? You get manuscripts. You want a great collection? You got it. Awesome staff? They're all right here. For a museum not broadcasted by any of the local affiliates, this is truly worth your time.
This unassuming little museum is extremely well curated and very interesting too! Their current exhibitions include Ulysses, Maurice Sendak, and Stephen Colbert. I love their sense of humor -- they really do feature the bud light lime bottles Stephen drank while writing the book! 

On a more serious note, for anyone who like myself grew up reading Maurice Sendak's books, it was incredible to see some of  his original works and get a great idea of his creative process. The exhibit features around 70 pieces of his, but is laid out in a way that does not get overwhelming or boring. I highly recommend taking a couple hours to stop by.

Side note: They provide free lockers for museum goers so you don't have to carry all your stuff around. How nice!
A true hidden gem.  Dr. Rosenbach and his brother amassed a wonderful collection of rare books.  Mostly European. Our guide, Steve, a retired high school English teacher was marvelous. Seeing all the first editions, Joyce's Ulysses hand written manuscript, The Whale, etc was truly amazing. Great discussions ensued.  Would love to go on a Friday for a hands on.
Saw the dual exhibit of monographs by Mary Shelley and Bram Stoker, respectively: Frankenstein and Dracula. Shelley seems to have invented the terror genre. Also took a guided tour of the entire Rosenbach house. It's usually a group tour, but I had the pleasure of a more leisurely, up close look at the art, library filled with Irish, British, and American literature, an impressive Judaica collection, and other peculiar collections. I felt transported in time.  Even walking down historic Delancey street near Rittenhouse Square area is a memorable experience.
