Two things:

- Free books outside every week, often with fantastic finds.
- THE VEGAN LUNCHEONETTE.  Every Tuesday from 12-3.  I'm not even vegan.  Your pick of three or four different vegan dishes.  $4-5.  And there's often some kind of yummy dessert.  Get there earlier - things run out.  And don't forget to wash your dishes when you're done.

Basically, the A-Space is the most West Philly place in West Philly, and it's nothing short of awesome.
A Friend and I were walking out of Dahlak last night when we heard music coming from the nearby A-Space. We couldn't help but look at each other and say "Is that a Dead Milkmen song?". We ran over to check it out and it turns out Joe Jack Talcum was doing a small acoustic set in front of 20 people. It's these type of cool events that you only find In West Philly!

A-Space has a lot of great things always going on inside it, and it's all community oriented. walk outside on any given night and you might find free books waiting for people to take home (I scored a copy of the 2000 Guiness book of World Records and a biography on Steve Earle!). They usually have all kinds of diverse art hanging on the walls, and potluck meals every Wednesday (the majority of the food being veggies too). aside from the rare show you'll also usually come across film screening, poetry reading, special dinners, craft fairs, and so much more.

everything about this space is community oriented, and it can usually use the donations in order to help keep it going. so Most events are usually $5-10 and really worth it.
I've been here once for a NORML meeting. 

The atmosphere is a little dingy and could possibly put some people off to coming here in the future. 

I'm quite sure that it's a place for people in the neighborhood to come and enjoy whatever may be happening and that's a plus. But it needs a new look or something of the sort. I believe they have all kinds of things that go on here so, again, it's a great place for the community to gather on important issues.
A-Space has had a makeover and fresh chairs and they show movies and have art exhibits and community meetings and anarchist this n that. Fun and lovely. Usually there are snacks and it is free.
i've walked by a-space so many times before. it's a cute and small community space. often times they have free books and other random items out on tables for anybody walking by. 

they have a program where you donate books and they recycle them by donating to the incarcerated. i've been trying to get my two boxes full of books to them to donate but always forget, by the time comes around - they accept them only on tuesday evenings. 

now, the couple times i've been inside were always unplanned...usually on my way back home from drinks with friends. they often  have art shows (most are just ok imo, but there are some that are amazing and should be in galleries) and the last time i stopped in was because a friend and i were walking back from happy hour and ran into another friend who was giving a spoken word. we only stuck around for her performance, gave a donation, and left. 

it's a great community place and i am happy to have it around...i'm always down for pleasant unplanned experiences.
