"Yo Adrian, I did it!"

I really wanted to see this statue even though I wasn't as much of a big fan of the movie Rocky [1976] as my younger brother was. He kept calling my younger cousin by her second name "Yo, Adrian" (even though she went by her first name "Janice") LoL

There was a fairly long line of people waiting to get their photos taken at the statue when we got there and the wait could depend on the number of photo/photos taken by each person/group (I've seen a few in my lifetime who were inconsiderate of others waiting... I mean, how many poses can one take with a statue... or a family of 12 taking a photo EACH with the statue -rolling my eyes-). It was our turn and we were able to get a nice school bus driver to take a couple of photos of us. You know we just had to do the famous Rocky two-arms-raised salute, right?  \(**)/  LoL! Actually, everyone was doing it in their photos. We went to go see the Rocky Steps after and then later came back to the statue and there was no line at all. 

The statue is located at the front of the Philadelphia Spectrum near the Philadelphia Museum of Art. As you're facing the museum it's to your right. The Rocky Balboa character played by Sylvester Stallone in his Rocky movies is fictional but the statue is real and it is ready for your selfies. If you're a Rocky fan (or even just slightly) it's a must see :)

Review #1236
Yo Adrian I did it. This is one of my favorite things we do while we were in Philadelphia was visit the Rocky statue. I love the Rocky franchise movies I've visited the statue I went and ran steps afterwards and we had a great memory and a great experience and it was awesome
Philadelphia is a cool town.  

It honors its own, even when they are mythological personalities like Rocky Balboa, the Hollywood heavyweight champion of the world back in the day. 

Much like the movie character himself, his statue did not always have a permanent home.  He bounced between the top of the Art Museum steps, the old Spectrum, the Wells Fargo Center, and finally a cozy corner at the Art Museum, somewhat hidden by the grand stairway and tall trees.  The city couldn't decide if Rocky was just a local sports icon, or a full blown cultural and historic personality deserving of so much attention, so he was on the move depending on who was pulling the strings in City Hall.  Finally, the people of this great city spoke.  We didn't care if he was just a movie hero who never really lifted a finger in anger or self defense.  For decades Rocky and his alter ego, Sly Stallone, were the best things that happened to this burg since Ben Franklin flew his kite. 

In so many ways Rocky Balboa is Philadelphia. Hardscrabble.  Historic. Italian Market narrow street kid, Independence Hall.  The Constitution.  Belmont Plateau. All images of greatness and deep cultural roots.  Rocky takes his place among the must-see attractions in the City of Brotherly Love. 

It represents the everyman we all aspire to be.
Yes, you are allowed to pose right alongside this statue of Rocky Balboa.  How could you not throw your hands up victoriously (especially if you ran up the steps first...do it!)

Admittedly, there's no bells and whistles to this statue, but that doesn't stop crowds from posing with the statue.  True, you're likely not going to spend half the day here, but you'll definitely walk away with a greater appreciation of what Philly has to offer......at least I did.

Worth a stop?  You know it.  Go check it out!
"It's not how hard you hit. It's how hard you can 'get' hit and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done..."

Yep, the great Rocky Balboa aka Sylvester Stallone. His words are immortalized here with a statue of the man as seen in the movie having won his famous fight in case you need a reminder.

Welcome to Philadelphia, my Yelp friends.

[Review 10383 overall, 149 of 2019.]
Let me tell you something you already know. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place, and I don't care how tough you are, it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward; how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done! Now, if you know what you're worth, then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him, or her, or anybody. Cowards do that and that ain't you. You're better than that!-Rocky Balboa.

Sorry got caught up in the moment. I  am a boxing aficionado and have watched all of the Rocky movies. The statue is right in front of the museum of art. You make a small line to take a picture: CAUTION- there's a group of guys there "friendly" selling shirts and offering to take a pic for you in exchange for a small tip. Sorry but I was afraid they would ran off with my phone so I had a friend of mine take my pic. :-)
If you are going to the Art Museum, you definitely can't miss the Rocky Statue (next to the stairs) and Rocky food print (on top of the stairs).

Many tourist coming here for a photos because of the famous movie scene.
Among one of many in my bucket list to be crossed out is one shared with my father. I remembered watching many Rocky movies with him as a young child. Although I was too young to remember them by detail, I can remember the thrill in his eyes. The Rocky Statue is located outside of Philadelphia Museum of Art before the steps. The statue is best located once you're parked and is downstairs from the Rocky Steps, not on top. The Rocky Statue is said to be one of the most famous pieces of public art created originally for Rocky III and is now a real life monument for everyone alike to appreciate from all over the world. When the weather is perfect, there is a possibility for lines waiting to get their photo taken. We came near the end of winter, before sunset and the area was still bustling. The tour doesn't end here; around the corner is the Rocky Steps.

For photos, I would highly recommend to come with a group. Should you come by yourself, have someone snap a picture behind you. There are street dwellers that linger around the statue asking if you want your photo to be taken and later on will ask for you to pay them for snapping photos.

Parking meters are available from across the museum. Bring comfortable shoes, there's lots of walking.
Yes I remember Rocky Balboa Statue in May 2001!  Those days, I not had the leg injury!  Therefore, just like in the movies, Po Po and I both ran up the steps, punching our hands and our arms in boxing motions!  I hear every once while reporters try get people drink the raw eggs!  Thank goodness none that day!

That was fun!  I know both local people and tourists always like do the actions!  That was fun!  THE EYE OF THE TIGER!  Punch it out!  Just do not be like Michael Tyson by biting the ear of the other person, that was just "playing dirty!"  

There still people that run up the steps!  Leg injury of 2005 I go up but just walk, no more running, no more sprinting, no more the skipping steps!  But hey, I consider myself lucky be alive!  As I say in one review of a Sacra California church, Almost Promoted To Glory To A Baptism Sunday Thirteen Month Later!  HALLELUJAH!  Glad did get see the Rocky Balboa Statue, that was fun!
On your way to Philadelphia Museum of Art, you'll find the Rocky statue and the Rocky Steps. Locals and tourists alike all take a picture of the statue! 

This statue was originally created for Rocky III (and I'll admit, I haven't watched any of the Rocky movies), but now is a real life monument. 

Although it looks like there's always a line, it's nice that people who are behind you in line are willing to take your photo for you and your group. Nice!
It's pretty much what you expect. You'll likely find a line of people taking photo ups with Rocky but it's quick. Make sure to do the Rocky steps which is right next door. I felt like a kid running the steps, lol.. having seen the movie 50 times, it was truly a nostalgic experience. 

Anyhow, cool tribute to one of my all time favorite Movie characters. A must for every Rocky fan or anyone going to Philly for the first time. Be sure to stop by and get a snapshot with Rocky.
I definitely did not seek this spot out but had been on the "Big Bus Tour" and it was in an area that I wanted to stop. There was a line, but it only took a couple minutes and there were a couple homeless guys offering to take my photo. I let them do it was I was travelling Solo and gave them a few bucks. I tend to take care of the homeless/locals when travelling anyway, so it is what it is. They probably make great money there which is funny. 

If you walk down and to the right you can find a walking trail along the river. There is also a damn and lots of nice greenery areas. I explored the area for about an area. Also, obviously the Museum of Art. It is one of the only places I could find with a rest room and they do make it very prevalent they do not have a public restroom. Also, not many facilities around to find water. There is an ice cream man in front of Rocky though that sells water, coke, slushes, icecream and some other sweet treats for ridiculously high prices.
How can u not come see Rocky? Ironically I've never come to check out the statue with my most recent visit figured I'd make the time. 
A line forms by the statue not very big at least during my visit the line moved rather quickly so that was good maybe about 5 minutes. 
Once u reached the statue u do the cheesy gloves up pose & that's that.
Statue is located at the bottom of the steps right to the side, I wouldn't say this is a must see but if u are a fan of the movies it's certainly worth the look.
We only had a few hours to play tourist before our flight back to LA, so we hired a driver to take us to the touristy spots. This iconic movie location, the Rocky (Balboa) steps was one of them, and at the bottom of the steps is this iconic statue.

We came here on a cold February Wednesday morning around 10:30 am.  We had the steps to ourselves, as well as the Rocky statue, and took at many photos as we wanted.

They were doing construction or ground work, so the statue had mesh around it, but you can still get close to it for photos. Check mark... off the bucket list and onto the next tourist stop!
July 2015 was the first time I came to this statue. I tried to find this statue back in 2009. I like the statue depicted from the movies. It's very popular in the city which draws a lot of attraction to tourists. I've taken up to 4 pictures of this statue.
The Rocky Statue and the Rocky Steps are one of the most famous attractions in Philly, both located at the Philadelphia Art Museum. 

Before Rocky III came out, Sylvester Stallone had his character, Rocky Balboa made in bronze. Originally this statue was placed at the top of the stairs of Philadelphia Art Museum for the movie and then left there as a gift from Sylvester Stallone. However the museum did not consider this to be art and more of a "prop" from the movie and refused to allow the statue to be kept here. So eventually this statue was placed at the bottom of the stairs, to the right of the museum, where it lays now. 

With both arms raised, this statue gives that feeling of hope since Sylvester Stallone's Rocky Balboa was that underdog who took on the boxing champion of the world and went all 15 rounds in Rocky I. What a movie!

Just as other fellow Yelp members had mentioned, there will most likely be a line to get a photo with this free attraction, any time of the day (even if the weather is not the most desired). But the line does move kind of quickly. Although you do see some people over do it and take more than a few photos with the statue, which will hold up the line. We saw several people doing that, which was a little annoying. 

But anyways, definitely a nice keepsake photo for your travels.

Please note that if you decide to come here, there is limited street parking. Right at the bottom of the museum are loading zones only so just be sure to be aware of the signs so you don't get a ticket.
Over-rated. Im not a fan of the rocky movies so seeing the statue didn't excite me as someone that loves the movies. The line to take a photo with the statue was insane.
I'm a big Rocky Fan, see my Rocky Steps review, which sort of goes hand in hand with the statue: http://www.yelp.com/biz/rocky-steps-no-title?hrid=hAp1fNSaemO-ofjrtd6OHw so the statue and the steps are a must for me while visiting Philly. 

The statue, was commissioned by Sly himself for the Rocky III film and was originally at the top of the Rocky steps until a ton of people complained about it (haters) and it was moved to the bottom of the steps to the right just in front of the Art Museum. It was moved back to the steps for Rocky V and stayed there until it was moved to the Spectrum, and in 2006, was moved back to where it is today. Rocky, to no surprise, is always on the move. I hope that the location is it's final one, unless of course the haters decide to move it back to the top of the steps again, but I'm not holding my breath for that to happen.

If you are in Philly, and are either a Rocky fan, or a tourist activity seeker, go, have your pic taken with the statue with your arms in the air, scream, "Aaadriaaaan", and then go and run the steps. You'll love yourself for it!
If you're a die hard Rocky fan, visiting the Rocky statue is a must! I've visited the statue twice so far and it's always past midnight when we're there. There's absolutely no traffic on Ben Franklin Parkway and you can practically park wherever you want. The statue represents greatness while overcoming obstacles as a underdog. I wished this statue was still placed on top of the steps as it was in Rocky 3.

Verdict - Day or night, tourist or not, if you like Rocky, respect the statue!
The statue of Rocky is cool.  It sort of looks like him, the famous scene with his arms in the air as a champion.  Take some pictures and then go do the stairs.
As a huge fan of the Rocky movies, from the original Rocky (1976), which won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1977, to the latest installment, Creed II (2018), visiting the Rocky Statue and Rocky Steps (https://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rocky-steps-philadelphia) were my biggest priorities on my first visit to Philadelphia. Yes, I love Rocky that much. The movies are entertaining, nostalgic, and inspirational and the music, especially the songs by Bill Conti, are iconic and some of the absolute best in cinematic history (and in all of music, in my opinion).

At the time of writing this review, the Rocky Statue is located at the bottom of the famous Rocky Steps at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. If facing the front of the museum, the statue is located off to the right in a special fenced-in area. It's funny. There are several historic statues, fountains, and buildings/museums in the area, but the most popular one is from pop culture: the Rocky Statue.

We visited the statue on a Sunday around 3pm. It was obvious where the statue was because there was a line for it (there wasn't a line for anything else in the vicinity). "Admission" is free. You just have to wait in line if you want to get an up-close look and/or take a picture with the statue. When we visited, there was an employee, who looked like he worked for the museum, manning the statue area. I think he was there to keep the line in order and moving. However, the line did a good job of regulating itself. I'm glad he was there though, just in case. We entered the line at 3:07pm and I got my picture snapped with the statue at 3:22pm, so we waited a total of 15 minutes. Not bad.

Rocky fans might remember the statue's unveiling in Rocky III (1983): https://youtu.be/hxnifQ7EdxY. Actually, three statues were cast in the early 80s, originally commissioned by Sylvester Stallone in 1980. The statue at the art museum was the one used in the movie, donated to the City of Philadelphia by Stallone. The statue bounced around the city over the years before returning to the art museum in 2006, coincident with the release of Rocky Balboa (2006).

The statue is bronze and stands 8 feet, 6 inches tall. The brick and concrete base has a plaque with a quote from a powerful scene in that movie (https://youtu.be/mk82j1jQw_8). The plaque reads:

"ROCKY BALBOA

It's not how hard you hit, it's how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done.

This statue is dedicated to the great city of Philadelphia and the brotherhood of its people.

Sylvester Stallone
2006"

It was awesome to see the statue in person and an honor to take a picture with it. The public outdoor space the museum set aside for the statue is clean, well-maintained, and landscaped. It was nicer than I expected.

There were Rocky lookalikes hanging out around the statue and steps. I happened to run into two that I know and met years ago at Dragon Con in Atlanta: @lonstermash and @thelordhumungus (on Instagram). What a small world. The love for Rocky is universal.
Yes and why the heck not? Calling all Rocky fans and even those who aren't. It's an iconic statue for all the public to view and take pics with. Even though seeing this statue was not on mine nor my husband's bucket list, it was really cool to see. How cool is it though to stand by the statue, hold your arms up and feel victorious? There is just that feeling of power and accomplishment, when standing by the statue. For those that watched the movie, knew that Rocky was an underdog and rose to the occasion to defeat those that were even stronger than him. There was a line to snap a pic with the statue, but wasn't long at all. Before or after you photograph with the statue, jog (or slowly walk) up the the very steps that Rocky Balboa did, too. There is actually another statue inside the Independence Hall Visitor's Center, but this one is probably the coolest of the 2. I have to add that it was a beautiful walk to the museum steps from our hotel. There was a tree-lined pathway that lead straight to this landmark. Enjoy!
A great spot to take a photo in Philly. Kinda neat to actually visit the spot from the movie. There's a line of people waiting to take photos with the statue, but it moves fairly quickly. DO stop here if you are passing through Philadelphia. 

It's a little far from most of the attractions in town.
We had such an amazing time visiting the Rocky steps and Rocky statue. The steps are only a few feet away from the actual statue. 

There is a line to take pictures by the statue. It's not organized by anyone other than those who form the line. There is no security there to enforce social distancing and such. For the most part people were very respectful, didn't take long to take pictures and kept moving after they were done. It was a great experience for sure.
Strike a pose! 

This is a popular photo opportunity for tourists.
If you are there by yourself, there's a dude that sells t-shirts that would be happy to take a picture of you.

 Just make sure you tip him.
Ah, the Rocky Statue.  An interesting piece of Philadelphia Folklore and a destination.  The statue was a movie prop for one of the later Rocky movies - I think it was III or IV.  It was used in a scene, placed at the top of the Art Museum steps (aka the "Rocky" steps to the horror of the Patrons of the Arts here) and 'dedicated' to him.  

The Art Museum crew assumed, like every other prop that is used for movies around here, the statue would disappear when the movie wrapped.  That was good, because as a work of art goes, well, uh, it's no Michelangelo's David.  

Then the unexpected happened:  Sylvester Stallone, with great generosity/fit of ego, donates the prop to the City, as a 'symbol' of greatness.  Oh.

Well, the Art Museum Patrons have kittens they are so unhappy about this. It's not "real" art.  It's not even nice to look at.  And they don't want to have anything to do with it.  

BUT, Sly Stallone is a Native Son, and the movies have brought buckets of tourists, and they really want him to make more movies here, get his friends to, and give everyone at City Hall free tickets and T-shirts.  

So, a compromise is brokered.  They'll keep the statue, and enshrine with with other sports greats (never mind that this is a movie character, and not an actual athlete, Sly's fit, so it kinda counts, right?) down at the Spectrum (indoor sports arena).  Because that's where his "Fights" are.  Happiness commences.  Sly likes being a 'real' sports hero, patrons of the Spectrum like seeing the statue, and no one who wants to look at great sculpture goes anywhere near the Spectrum.  

This works out just GREAT for about 20 years. 

Then a terrible thing happens.  They decide to knock down the Spectrum.  Uh. Oh.  Now, they could put it somewhere else in the sports complex, but by then the Patrons of the Arts have softened, tourists are STILL showing up for this movie franchise, and likely some concessions were brokered, resulting in the Statue being moved again and installed in a grotto-like area very close to, but not at the top of, the steps, where it resides today.  

The public loves it.  The city loves it. The Tour Buses love it. And the Art Museum Patrons can ignore it if they want to because the display is much less prominent.
Ok I would have totally missed the statue! I came up from the Washington Monument way and crossed the street then up the "Rocky Stairs". Did the whole stair routine, visited the museum of art of a couple of hours, and was spent.

As I was taking my last few pics, I was walking towards the crosswalk and noticed a line. HOLY MOLY! That statue! How did I miss it coming to the museum?!

If you're looking at the museum/stairs, the statue is to the right. If you're willing to do those stairs, then you can walk a few feet to take pics with the actual. 

Kill 2 birds with 1 stone!

A-YO!
Always a crowd pleaser as evidenced by the long lines waiting to take a pic with the statue.
Not sure why it has taken me this long to review something that always brings me home... whether I see it in photos, in a movie or when I walk up to it when I visit Philly but it always makes me feel warm inside. (insert crowd awwwwww)

I have seen it in various locations and visited it for various events. I know people make fun of Philadelphia for creating this "character" and then idolizing it like this but Rocky is so much more than a "character". It's a real, heartfelt, gritty story that touches many and I am proud that it resides and stands on my beautiful LOVE filled city.

Paulie: [talking about Adrian] You like her? 
Rocky: Sure, I like her. 
Paulie: What's the attraction? 
Rocky: I dunno... she fills gaps. 
Paulie: What's 'gaps'? 
Rocky: I dunno, she's got gaps, I got gaps, together we fill gaps. 
Paulie: Are you ballin' her?
It's crazy such a movie series could be so influential. Although I came at night, I made myself run up the steps playing "Eye of the Tiger" in my head as I did it. When I came back down from the steps, I looked at the Statue. Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to snag a picture but that's fine.
I grew up watching the Rocky movies. Seen every single one of them. First time I got to see the statue and it was a great but quick experience.  Ran up the steps to the music also and it was pretty fun. Brought me to my childhood Action star state again haha. 

The statue is a tad secluded down the steps away from the steps but still relatively easy to locate. There's a line of people waiting to take a pic with the statue. 

WARNING: There are some hustlers out there trying to make quick money off of you by trying to take your phone and take your picture for a tip or fee. They are pretty aggressive and insist but KNOW THAT THEY DO NOT WORK THERE.  They are street scammers trying to hustle. I was kind of pissed how they intimidated a guy in a wheelchair and took money from him. There are no cops around so they seem to do this on a regular basis and get away with it. Guess that's how it is here. I understand their just trying to make some money to but dang go get a real job guys and have some dignity and stop harassing the tourists. 

Other than that it was a cool thing to do one time especially if you love watching the Rocky movies.
Cue Eye of the Tiger http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgSMxY6asoE

Come on now it's the Rocky statue.  Whens the last time you saw a character from a movie get a statue plus it's Rocky. haha.  And yes I did posed next to the statue http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-rocky-statue-philadelphia?select=Aqh2D2P5gbI-CrQtd2fswQ#Aqh2D2P5gbI-CrQtd2fswQ even ran up the stairs and raised my hands in the air like the movie. Want to see the clip? haha I didn't film it.

The statue is located right of the bottom steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Don't leave Philadelphia without taking your picture next to the statue.
When in Philadelphia, it's a must do to run up the infamous steps that Rocky Balboa ran up in the movie. There is even a statue of him at the bottom of the steps. Once you get to the top, you are treated to an amazing view of the city. It's beautiful with a calming sensation away from the hustle and bustle of the city. The architecture reminds you of the courtyards in France with sidewalks lined with trees. There are sculptures surrounding the area with historical context.
Value 5/5
Atmosphere 5/5
Service 5/5
Quality 5/5
20/20
I'm going to be totally honest- I've never seen any of the Rocky movies before, but this statue gets me excited. I'm always pointing tourists in the direction of "Rocky" and contemplating waiting in line to throw my fists up in the air each time I run up the Art Museum steps with my dog. Definitely worth spending the time to get a tourist picture.
Yo Adrian!!
My students from Japan wanted to come to Philadelphia to  pose with the Sylvester Stallone Rocky statue & see and run up the famed the rocky steps. 
Folks in Japan seemed to tell me that they knew about Philadelphia because of the ROCKY movie!
((How sweet.))
 It's quite a treat to see all the happy and excited faces of so many people doing the very same thing!!Acting like a victorious champ! 
Some very nice fellow city visitors kindly took our photos as we did the very same! 
It was an enjoyable time. Glad  to check that off the bucket list.
Haha
Although the Rocky statue is technically a movie prop and not a true work of art, it has come to represent Philly and the spirit of its people. Tourists and residents alike should have a picture with the Rocky statue!
I think we have all seen at least one of the Rocky movies.  The statue here immortalizes a great American movie.  

Did I pose with the statue? Of course! Were my arms up in the air like his? Heck yeah! I'll be the first to admit that I am a total tourist when it comes to these things.  I love it and eat it up.   I know I'm not the only one with the line of people doing the same things I did.  

The statue is just half of the attraction. The steps rocky ran up are just to the right leading up to the museum of art.  That's where I headed next! See you at the top!
"Getting strong now...
won't be long now...
Gonna fly now...
flying high now...
gonna fly, fly, fly..."

The Rocky statue (as the movies) has become a treasured piece of Americana. So what if it's a little touristy! So what if it's a little cheesy! So what if you have to stand in line to take a picture with the statue of a fictional character! It's the American way!

Don't forget to run up the stairs to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, humming the Rocky theme song. At the top, throw your hands up, and do a victory dance... because you are a WINNER!
Fun little bit of Philly pop culture, worth a pop-by if you love the Rocky film franchise. And nooo, I definitely didn't cue up "Eye of the Tiger," as we waited in line for a photo--gotta say, I've never waited in line for a picture w a statue before...A first time for everything.
He might be just a fictional character but I still love Rocky. I took a quick pick with me holding his leg and some other random tourists in the background. It's a cute pic.

Beware of the dude wandering around offering to take photos for you and your group. We were trying to get one simple pic but this dude was taking like five minutes asking a family to pose in hella different combinations and configurations that there started to be a queue of people standing around and waiting for them to be done so they can just snap their own and move on with their lives. Super annoying.
GO SEE THE ART INSIDE!

One of the best art museums in the country, and has the largest impressionist collection in the western hemisphere... OF THE EARTH is right behind a tribute to a FICTIONAL FUCKING CHARACTER!

Joe Frazier is from Philadelphia.  He was the undisputed heavyweight champion of the world, and oh yeah- was A REAL PERSON!  Where's his statue?
First thing you need to know is that the statue is located at the bottom of the steps.  So if you're thinking of re-enacting the scence you can forget it.  Or if you're looking to ride you Honda Nighthawk and throw your helmet at the statue, just know it won't be the same backdrop as the movie.

At the statue, there's a dude that will harass you for money after "nicely" offering to take your picture with the statue.  

Take your own pics.

At the top of the steps leading to the museum, there are footprints that belong to Sylvester Stallone and the name "Rocky" engraved above it.  There are photo opportunities galore here.  Again, there is a dude that will ask you for money for taking your picture.  He'll give you some song and dance about how that's he makes his living and that he lives a clean life.  

Well you know what buddy?  I live a clean life too and I don't hustle anyone for cash by pretending to be a good samaritan and offer to take their picture.

Take your own pics...
MY GIRLS LOVED IT! THIS IS A MUST SEE FOR ALL ROCKY FANS  the #'s represent their ages & parts of the movie. They've seen Rocky 1-4 we just ordered the rest and we can't wait to watch them! Keep Punching #SouthPaw
I mean it's a Rocky statue... even if you haven't seen the movie you've heard of this fictional character & you've probably seen the famous running up the stairs scene.

The stairs are actually nearby so I guess they decided to build a Rocky statue a few feet away.

Take a couple of pictures. It's the tourist thing to do.
Rocky stands near the Philly Art Museum. Sometimes theres a dude selling shirts to commemorate your visit. the cops mess with him. you need a picture here.
Seeing the statue is a great reminder of the Rocky movie series. Over the years it has been moved around the city and hopefully it will stay put in an area where everyone can have the opportunity to see and touch the statue. 

With the new Creed movie was made that will create a new interest in the Rocky franchise and hopefully bring the next generation of Creed followers and insure that the franchise continues for years to come
The Rocky Statue is one of my favorite touristy statues of all time!  A trip to Philadelphia is not complete without stopping by to see Rocky Balboa!

Yes, Philadelphia is very historic.  Yes, Philadelphia makes awesome Philly Cheesesteak sandwiches.  When I think of Philadelphia, though, Rocky always seems to come to mind first.  Be kind to yourself and say "Hi" to Rocky.  He's not going to hurt you!
How do you got to Philadelphia and not go to the Rocky statue? This is a must see. We literally had to wait in line in order to take a pic with Rocky. I was totally looking forward to this. Brought back lots of memories of all the Rocky movies when I was a kid. The undisputed Champion of the world Rocky Balboa!!!!!
This is a must see for Rocky fans.  It is the iconic statue from Rocky III and free to see. It now sits at the bottom and to the left of the stairs that Rocky ran up in Rocky II. There is never really a line to get pictures of and with the statue unless there is a special event going on. I have visited here many times and think this statue is so cool. If you spent 3 minutes there, you would be dragging your feet.  I does not take much time to see and get all the photos you want.  I recommend making this part of a bigger itinerary like with the stairs, the museum, and the park.  Also, solicitation and panhandling is banned here, so be carful of people trying to get money to take pictures of you in front of and at the top of the stairs.
In all honesty the Rocky Statue and the Rocky Stairs (aka the entrance upwards to the Phila Art Museum) should be graded together. The Rocky Statue is resting peacefully surrounded by greenery and flowers...which I'm pretty sure accurately depicts what Rocky embodies, but whatever - cool statue. 

The stairs leading up to the Art museum are iconic and give you chills the first time you go up them. I got there 15 minutes before the Chinese Tour Group and the Frat Tour Group so at least I got some in the area by myself. Come before 8am, otherwise be prepared for a swarm of tourists and museum goers and people taking engagement photos and people trying to exercise.
When I went to the Philadelphia Marathon a few years ago I couldn't avoid this site! We each had our picture taken with the Rocky Statue. 

We didn't have the time to visit the museum. Seeing Rocky was a tourist thing to do. We did have a purpose for being in Philly after all! This opportunity came along by accident!! Fun experience. Rocky is so cool! So is grandma in her younger days!!

One time peak experience. I doubt I would do it again. I'll keep the peak memory!
An 8' bronze statue of Sylvester Stallone...errr...Rocky Balboa...yay...that's great. I'm not a fan of making a fool out of myself by re-enacting ridiculous scenes from a movie. This statue was a donation for the city of Philadelphia. I'm sorry, Philly. 

There's really nothing special about this statue. So, take a quick pic and leave.

If all of Stallone's movies had a statue made and donated to the city it was set, can you imagine what New York would get? Think about the movies Stallone was in back in the 70's..."Italian Stallion". Hmmmm...the many possibilities.
Sometimes you just want to have a good time with a statue! Yupp since I was in the area, I figured I'll visit good ole Rocky! I mean hey, he is a Philly legend and the prop was used in one of his movies.

The Rocky statue sits next to the art museum and people can have a blast snapping pics with Rocky, it's a open display. Then since your there you can challenge yourself and do what Rocky did and take a run, walk, jog, skip, Zumba dance up those long art museum steps!  That's what me and my friend did except we didn't do everything listed above. We simply ran up the steps and got a good workout! Then once you reach the top of the steps you can get a great view of the Ben Franklin Parkway.

Overall the Rocky statue is fun for everybody, family, kids, tourist, locals everyone can have a fun time!
I mean, if you already did the Rocky steps up the Philadelphia Museum of Art, you might as well come and take a picture with the statute of the man who made those steps famous. 

When I came here, there was a dude who offered to take a picture of you with the statute, but then you'd have to pay him, so beware of that. I mean, that's why you got your selfie stick, right?! Save a couple bucks and put that bad boy to good use!
Yo Adrian!

Yea... My hubby and I took the cliche picture of ourselves, fists up, in front of the Rocky Statue! Then, we ran up the steps and jumped up and down like lunatics! 

Dorky?... Probably.

Super Fun?... Yes!

I am sure that the security guards are sick and tired of tourists running up the steps and jumping up and down like in the Rocky movie because they didn't even so much as acknowledge us as we did just that within feet of them. (Wouldn't be surprised if college kids created a drinking game out of it either) While there are other things to write about Museum of Art this is the thing that stuck out in my memory about it. 

Had a great time in here... the Rocky Statue is awesome!!!!
Maybe it's because I'm not from Philly. Maybe it's because I was never into the Rocky franchise. Either way, I found it a bit anticlimactic.

If you're facing the museum and expecting to see the statue at the top of the steps, look right. Look right a little further and look down. Apparently, there was some controversy several years ago and the statue rests at the street level in the shade of several trees.

If you're visiting Philly, it's a fun thing to see, but I wouldn't put it at the top of my list. Frankly, I think it was more fun to get a photo op at the top of the steps.
Yes, it's a statue - but it's the Rocky statue!

Ok, some people will complain of course (as they have in some of the reviews) - but if you're even a remote fan of the Rocky movies and are in the area, this is of course a must see. Sure everyone - including myself - take basically the same pic, but it's the theme of the movie. The ones who complain about that are just ignorant. 

There is some parking in the area (I can't remember the name of the street) and you need to cross over a few streets to walk over here, but it's fairly easy to get to. 

There was a little bit of a line, so we waited. There is one guy selling drinks and sweatshirts with Rocky on them. I didn't ask what the prices were. There was another guy offering to take pics of you and he almost seems like he's trying to control the line a little. I take my own pics and don't need to tip anyone for anything. 

There was a Rocky "look-a-like" there if you wanted a pic as a novelty - which I did. It was worth the $5 to me for the hell of it. And like Stallone, I'm taller than this guy too. 

Once the pic is done, you can choose to run up the steps to the museum if you want. I walked to the top (by choice - it was crowded and I didn't need anyone to ruin my "run" - maybe Rocky I had a point and I should have done it at 5am) and took the pic to complete the collection. I didn't get to the Stallone footprints, but I guess if I'm in the area again, that will be the goal. 

Bottom line, if you're a fan of the movies, it's a must see if you're in the area. I don't mind it not being at the top of the steps like in the movie - just as long as the statue is there, it's good enough for me.
Don't let life change your goals... because achieving your goals can change your life....rocky! Don't worry rocky I ran those steps like a monster! Haha

Why is it not art? Because of the subject? A sculpture is art...so a sculpture of Sylvester Stallone....is still art! 

Regardless.... It's at the base of the Art Museum steps....off to the right if you're facing the steps....You can park inside of Eakins Oval there and walk across the street....enjoyyyy
When "Hatsune Miku" can perform on sold-out concerts across the world, "Rocky" can have his own statue. 

A must-do in Philadelphia, and something that makes you smile sarcastic whilst being kind of enthusiastic at the same time. Also you should climb the stairs to walk fill Rocky's shoe prints, to have the full experience. It's there, it's free and for the kids of the 60's and 70's, it has this element of nostalgia. So give Rocky 10 minutes of your time when you're in Philly.
A must visit if you're a Rocky fan like our fam!   However, noticed there were vagabonds making the experience less than memorable for the visitors.  Don't give the scammers selling unlicensed Rocky goods, pushers for tips for taking your pics, and Rocky look alike wanting $10 a pic when it should be whatever you want to donate a $1 or more.  The world famous Rocky statue should be a place of reverent, not for people trying to scam tourists for a buck.  The city should really do something about this travesty!  But because it's The Champ, can't give it less than 5 stars.
I hear so much about this statue and being from Philly I just had to see it. It didn't disappoint. The line was very long so I just admired from a slight distance and took a picture. I didn't really need to be that close to it. It's a lovely statue and I'm glad I saw it.
I have to remember to visit Royal Tavern next time I am in Philly for a buger.
-I had a few hours to kill on my trip so I decided to walk here after my Terminal Market Visit, it was a nice little walk.  I guess it took 30 mins or so.  I got to see this though, The ROCKY statue.  I grew up watchin the movie and loved every one of them ( OK, Rocky V was questionable BUT  you know still Rocky).
-I didn't actually run up the stairs did alot of other walking the whole day and just did go up and down lightly jogging.  I have to say saw some people going hard with the training. OF course, the Rocky song was Qued in my head.  It was nice to check out here.  Other people there just like me, taking Pictures of course and no, we did not go to the actual Art Museum.

GO ROCKY.  Cool Statue of this fictional character that got Philadelphia even more famous.
It's a statue where everyone goes crazy and wants to take a pic or two with and everyone poses exactly the same way with the fist clenched and arms raised.  Everyone does the same thing.  I guess, if you want to say that you were there, you can grab that pic. Sometimes, the line to grab a pic with the statue can be long but people are generally quite nice and will offer to take each others pics.
Yay I am a big fan of the statue, but wish I got to see it more and touch it. There are a lot of people there, but the problem is there is a guy and his wife that wants to take a picture with the statue for tips. I know they are starving and homeless, but still makes me feel uncomfortable and you just want to get the picture and leave :(
Hey! The Rocky statue! There's a line to take a photo with it, but everyone was in a good mood and happy to take each other's pictures (no photo dude that day, I think he was at the Love park fountain.) Instead we just took the photos of the people in front of us and then they took pictures of me and the ladyfriend. Not too long of a wait, the line moved quickly and more importantly it's you and whoever you're with in front of Stallone's crotch!
Who doesn't love the Rocky Statue? It makes you feel powerful, mighty, energetic, nostalgic, intelligent, brave, silly, wacky, and also Philadelphian through and through (whether you're a visitor or a local)... 

Be sure to run up the steps though, and not just stop to take a pic with the statue. The best tourists also know that the real Philadelphia Water Ice is not there at the statue, but rather, in multiple locations throughout Center City, called Rita's!
Come on, its the Rocky statue.  you gawk, you laugh at yourself for being so excited and then you take a picture.  People were lined up to take a pic but we just took a pic on the side.  

You HAVE to stop to see it when you go to the art museum!
Yes its the famed statue!

For a second I thought they had removed the statue but it looks like that perhaps it was moved. I recall it being at the top of the steps at one point. Or maybe its the movies leaving a lasting impression on me. Either which way theres a line to get to take a picture with the metal man though it looks like its more self imposed than anything. I did notice a couple of people sneaking to the sides to take pics.

More importantly theres this guy at the end of the line who looks like its his self appointed job to take your pictures of you with your camera while directing you to do several poses. He was a nice guy and a good sport so a tip seems only proper. 

The next touristy thing to do is to pose on those famous steps!
;D
My 8 year old loves getting her picture taken here and has done since she was about 4.  And she's never seen any of the Rocky Movies (to my knowledge).  It's fun to watch her pose like Rocky.
Definitely a cool statue to visit! There was only 5 people in line when we arrived there. We went on a Friday afternoon and I expected it was going to be busier. The parking is a disaster. You can park in the museum parking but it's $20. So not worth it if you are just seeing the statue and steps. We found parking on the side by an apartment, but I'm pretty sure we weren't supposed to park there.
It's a statue of Rocky, as advertised. Sure Clubber Lang's beatdown was the most impressive fight in those movies and Joe Frazier was a better and actual real  Philadelphia champion who deserves a statue, but Rocky single handedly ended the Cold War through a boxing match, so a giant statue is there.

It is located next to the "Rocky" steps where you can relive great moments such as Clubber Lang giving Rocky's wife a friendly offer for a demonstration of manhood, and the end of the largest mass jaywalking event by hundreds of Philly's kids who followed a stranger through the streets. 

Maybe they'll put a Creed statue on the other side, but until then, this is the best real art installation of a fake person in the city. 

Get there early for pics - the line grows long as the day goes on.
Very impressive statue. Brings back so many nostalgic memories of all the movies Sly made. Makes you proud all over again. Watch out ... there's a toothless women who will offer to take your picture. If you let her, make sure you give her a tip. Pretty sure that's her "spot" and that's her only hustle. We didn't catch her name, but she's cool.
Nice spot. 

1) It is a must visit landmark if you are in Philly. 
2) Take a picture. 
3) Enjoy the area. 
4) It is free.
It was awesome visiting this tourist location. After seeing all the movie this was a nostalgic visit. Pretty cool to see the statue of Rocky next to the steps he ran up in the movie. 
I went during the day and the line was maybe 5 minutes max. There was some people up front hustling trying to take pictures for you for a tip. 
This is a definitely must do attraction when you're in Philly!
Icónica, única e irrepetible. Esta es la famosa estatua de Rocky Balboa, lo cual hace que la ciudad de Philadelphia tenga un extra como pocas.

Posta que seria imposible visitar esta ciudad y no ir a conocer esta genial estatua de ese mítico personaje de Silvestre Stallone.

Sí, Rocky es un clásico del cine y obvio se volvió un emblema de esta ciudad, por lo cual sacarse una foto acá es la gloria. Lo que sí, sean pacientes porque siempre hay cola ya que todos queremos lo mismo.
So depending on when you go to visit the statue, there could be nobody there or a gang load of people there waiting to take a picture in front of the rocky statue. If your by yourself, no worries, there is typically a homeless guy in front willing to take a photo for you.  Afterwards he will ask for a tip.  I gave my guy a buck and he said thank you as I walked away.  You can always ask a fellow tourist to help you out as well.  If nobody is around just wait a few minutes and someone else will come by to get their own photo.
Rocky Balboa, a legend in the film industry. The statue is everything you expect for a larger than life film protagonist. The statue was everything you expect. Take a picture and pose next to a legend, it's almost larger than life. After you take the picture run up the steps to the Museum of Art and get your shadow boxing on to feel like the film living legend himself. If you're alone, don't fret, there's enough people visiting the statue to take a picture of you with the statue.
There's a line to take a closeup picture next to Rocky.  It's just a statue but people come from all over just to see. It is pretty nostalgic.
It goes without saying, if you want to see one of Philly's most famous fictional icons in statue form, this is where to go - right in front of the Art Museum. It's actually on the right side if you're facing the museum. You can't miss it. 

As reviewers have pointed out, there is a bit of a line to check out the statue and take pictures. When I was there, a guy (who I naively thought he was a worker/guard) was ordering people to form a line and he was taking pictures for people. But then he was asking for $20 tips or whatever people could scrape out of their pockets. Hey, I know hustling is what people are doing these days but I thought I'd give people a heads-up.
One of the most well-known person from Philly is not even a real person. Like the Santa Claus of boxing movies, the Rocky statue has endured the test of time and culture to become immortalized in metal among other named statues in Philadelphia who actually existed in real life.

Though it used to grace the top of the "Rocky Stairs", in front of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, it now has a less prominent, though still very popular spot for tourists and locals alike to pose like their favorite superhero of yesteryear.

There's been debate whether or not this is art or if it should be considered strictly as a movie prop (which I tend to lean more towards) but whatever your flavor is, I for one am glad it doesn't have a permanent spot inside the actual museum.

It's a nice cultural toy and makes for a nice photo op with a bunch of Asian giving their best Rocky pose (or peace sign).

You'll get hassled by people wanting to take your money by telling you that they could take the photo for you but they are in no means in charge of anything so if possible, could be ignored (though not so easily).

If you love Rocky, Santa, and unicorns, this is a great place for you to visit this one and only (well, one of two actually) Rocky replica in the metal. Otherwise, you might want to run up the Rocky Stairs right into the museum.

Parking: Free 2-hour parking along Kelly Dr in front of the Boathouse Row or pay the $12+ on-site parking.
Everybody Love Rocky! 

Just a note to brides who want wedding photo's by the statue- people WILL NOT let you get a photo first just because you're dressed in white and on your way to your wedding. I know this from experience! I had 7 ... yes, 7 people jump the line ahead of me the day of my wedding. We took 5 seconds- our photos took less time than all of theirs. But the 7 people who felt the need to SPRINT to the line ahead of us were apparently really important people. Probably from Massachusetts. 

I have no idea what busy schedule tourists have in our city, but surely they could have just let me get my GD picture done already! 

Just something to keep in mind Brides & Grooms!! Philadelphians may be kind & understanding, but tourists are not!
Seeing the Rocky Statue one day in your life - this is the dream of many men! It reminds of the famous scene when Rocky ran up the stairs... that scene is emotional for all people who have seen the Rocky movies! The pose of the Rocky Statue is a pose that all visitors wish to copy!

For this reason it's lots of fun watching the visitors who jump in front of the Statue and raise their arms for a victorious position. And yes, I confess it, when visiting this place I did absolutely the same!

It's worth visiting the Rocky Statue and additionally also the Philadelphia Museum of Art.  Don't miss it - in front of the main entrance you can also see the footprints of Rocky Balboa. Furthermore you can run up the stairs like Sylvester Stallone did in the movie! :)
If you do one you have to do the other!

A nice, easy, touristy place to visit in Philadelphia. People are nice, the line is short, and it's free! The art museum circle is really busy so please be careful when walking or driving. In fact, I recommend you don't drive because it's that crazy. Hope you brought your exercise sneakers with you because the steps are challenging. In the center you'll find the foot prints so don't miss that. At last, gaze at our beautiful skyline.
You can't go to Philadelphia and not go to the Rocky statue. We hadn't done much research and just co-incidentally walked passed it. At the statue, there might be some guys trying to take photos for you for a tip, so try not be to swayed by them. The statue is in front of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, so you can run up the stairs like Rocky too!
As expected, there was a line of tourists waiting for pictures. A friend played the Rocky theme song while we waited to set the mood. Take a quick pic and then run up the stairs.
A must see in the city of Philadelphia. We visited on a  Saturday morning. There was a line ... 10 minutes at most. The business hours for this attraction are unbelievable. It's open 24/7, rain or shine. Without fail. How do they do it? And it's completely free to visit! Almost too good to be true. 

The statue itself is apparently made of bronze. Unfortunately, the identity of the man who inspired the statue has been lost forever. Not a lot of people know that. Fun fact: in 1982, at the statue's unveiling ceremony, a mohawked man wearing feather earrings insulted the wife of the man depicted in the statue. After the feather man assaulted, and as it turned out, killed, an elderly coworker of the statue man, statue man rode his Harley Davidson to the statue, threw his motorcycle helmet at the statue, and then rode off into the night. Statue man did not retrieve his helmet. 

Truly, this work of art is something special to behold in person. It's elegant and magnificent. It's definitely a can't miss in Philly.
How can one not see the Rocky statue after going up and down the Rocky steps? I initially didn't know where the statue was located at. But I knew it had to be nearby. After looking around, I saw a crowd and walked up to it. Lo and behold, it was a Rocky Statue! 

The Rocky Statue is located at the bottom of the steps, on the right hand side. A lot of people were already in line taking pictures. Thankfully it wasn't too long. People were helping other people take pictures. And I'm pretty sure everyone were tourists. Might as well check it out if you're already visiting the area.
Beautiful location and a great place for tourists to enjoy! If you want photos with Rocky and don't want to wait in long lines, I recommend visiting at night, run up the stairs and take a look at the city in lights!
Rocky is the most famous person or fictional character in Philly. I must go there. I ran from the city hall to the statue like Rocky. Don't use Uber. You must run there! Anyway, if you are not strong, please use a bus or Uber. lol.

The statue is relatively small. It was not big like the statue of liberty. But Rocky was everywhere in Philly. I heard the Rocky song everywhere. I am going to watch the movie one more time!
