This temple is right next to the City Hall. Beautiful architecture. There is admission fee for visiting this temple. Inside is gorgeous and well maintained historic site. There are so many tourist attractions places in that area. They are all walking distance.
The Masonic Temple is an impressive building the interior of which can only be seen with a guided tour.  It's decidedly more eccentric and quirky than Constitution Hall or the Liberty Bell.

Especially during the busy summer months, making reservations before setting out to visit is a really good idea :-)

The building is immense, and it sits on quite a lot of prime downtown Philadelphia real estate; it's also dripping with Masonic secrets.  Visitors are allowed in some rooms, but not in others; some questions you might ask during your visit will be readily answered; others will not...

Learning about Masonic history can be quite fascinating and it's worth visiting this Temple just for that purpose.  Of additional interest is the building itself.  The two taken together can be an intriguing diversion; if you're looking for something that's quite a bit off the cultural beaten path, then consider checking this place out!
We walked in as we were quite curious to see what the Free Masons would be like, but as soon as we walked in, there was a fee to see what was inside. I stopped short of the entrance and looked up. That was worth the free look. It was gorgeous. It looked like paintings with gold. If there really wasn't a fee, I would've loved to see the rest of it. But alas, I'm cheap.
If you haven't been yet, make the time! It is absolutely STUNNING!

Now...I will say, I was a little indifferent about the place at first. I've walked by it so many times and it was always just another pretty, historic building...Philly, you've jaded me lol

Anyways, my mouth pretty much dropped as soon as I walked in. It is really deceiving from the outside because it is HUGE inside. 

Both my visits were to scope out the digs for a future event. My first time, I fell in love and the second time was to help some other folks fall in love with it. 

You walk up the stairs to check in. Both times, I was given a tour by both the Masonic Temple Events Director and the Caterer. The main ballroom is beautiful. My only two critiques of this space are the amount of columns and the massive statue of Benjamin Franklin. Lol yes...there is a massive statue of Ben in there. I get it, he was a Mason and beloved but my critique is a practical one. If renting the space out, this statue easily takes up room to fit another two or three tables...just saying. 

There's a third level that has a glass ceiling, decorated with stars. Again, very beautiful. We were also given a tour of the separate seven themed meeting rooms, with all original artwork! 

I can literally stay here for DAYS looking at all the amazing artwork. Pictures and words don't do this place justice. You have to witness it yourself.
Beautiful. Did the tour. It goes by fast. I don't even think it was an hour. There are a bunch of rooms each one unique and astonishing. The Egyptian room was my favorite.
I had high expectations of the Grand Lodge - however I was sorely disappointed.  The tour consisted of several large meeting rooms, each garishly repurposing replicas of ancient symbolism and architecture.  The tour featured a minute or two audio track in each room and then you could ask questions.

There are still things of interest to be seen, but all in all it was a disappointment.  For $13 a head you get to see what looks like a hodge-podge of once meaningful symbolism now tossed together in a sort of empty occult stew.  It successfully takes the mystery out of the seemingly dead boys club.  

It may however be worth the trip just for a laugh when you get to the gift shop.

I would suggest going to the Penn museum if you have an interest in symbolism, or the PAFA building if you want a sense of regal architecture and history.
The Masonic Temple in Philadelphia is the headquarters for the Grand Lodge of Freemasons of Pennsylvania. We thought the exterior of the building was pretty cool but inside it was truly grand and befitting its title of Grand Lodge. The tour took us to 7 different halls all of varying styles and named according to the architecture. Every part of the interior is decorated interestingly even their grand staircases lined with pictures of former Grand Masters. A truly beautiful bulding - inside and out.
An architectural wonder!

My family and I took a tour while in Philly and it ended up being one of our favorite things from our visit. 

The plethora of symbolism really is thought provoking - I wish we could have spent more time to look a little closer at the many things I am sure we missed. 

You could tell the tour guide took pleasure in sharing the rich history with us, even cracked a few jokes and mostly answered all the questions asked. Also thought provoking! LOL

Anyway, if you are in the area, love architecture or maybe have a bit of conspiracy theorist in you....this is definitely worth the money to tour! There are only three temples in the world like this and this one is the only one in the US.
Me and friend were drawn by curiosity, given that famous males were members of this mystery group. Very nice architecture inside the place. Rooms with different themes and deco. Guides available. Students go in with a concession if you show your student pass.
Architektonisch sehr interessanter Bau und auch die Nutzung ist interessant: Es handelt sich um einen Freimaurertempel, also nichts religiöses, denn Freimaurer können jeder Religion angehören. In den Sälen des Masonic Temple wurden und werden einfach Sachverhalte diskutiert. Die Säle sind unterschiedlich gestaltet und handwerklich fast perfekt ausgestattet, sie lehnen sich in Dekoration und Farbgebung an verschiedene geschichtiche Vorbilder (Alhambra, Tempel von Luxor, italienische Bauten). Schliesslich gingen die Freimaurer aus den feineren Handwerkerzünften hervor. Das Freimaurertum hat in den USA eine recht grosse Historie, George Washington trug bei der Grundsteinlegung des Kapitols selbst einen Freimaurerschurz (der hier im Masonic Temple ausgestellt ist). Die fünf Grundpfeiler der Freimaurerei sind Freiheit, Gleichheit, Brüderlichkeit, Toleranz und Humanität.
The building is beautiful and definitely worth taking the time to see. I didn't feel as if the tour provided a whole lot of historical information though. I was hoping to learn more about the Free Masons, but didn't feel as if a left there with a great understanding of the society, maybe it's all part of their secrecy....
I have done this tour twice, once at 13 years old immediately after seeing the Stone-Cutters Simpsons episode and once recently, at 25. Both time were great experiences and the tour is definitely worth doing. They have several large meeting rooms, each with a theme (Egypt, Medieval Europe, The Italian Renaissance, etc) and they are beautiful. The tour covers the history of the building, free masonry in general, and a bit of the city's history. Both times the tour guides were very engaging and knowledgeable and allow you to ask any questions you may have (After the Stone-Cutters episode, I had MANY). This visit does not take very long (60-90 minutes) and is a novel experience you should add to any visit to Philly. Also, this was very unique experience on the trip which stood out from many of the other Philly attractions (colonial houses built in the first half of the eighteenth century).
Really cool behind the scenes experience. Tour is lead by local members that are knowledgeable about the organization and the temple itself. 

You will get to see many of the halls and the tour leader is great answering questions.
Did the 2 1/2 hour tour on 1//19/20. So much to see yet the tour is long.  Perhaps having separate tours, one that speaks about the Masons and one that is about the building would help (as there are so many rooms).  We had three guides, which helped with the large group and with answering questions.  The primary guide we had could have used tact when "correcting" a person on the tour.  The guide proceeded to speak out at the end of the tour to a person on stage with "if you can't see me, I can't see you and there are items on stage not to be touched.  I wouldn't want to kick you out of the tour at the very end".  It was demeaning to whoever the person was and I felt a bit of a power play in the word chosen. The other Master Masons where wonderful.
I've made it as far as the lobby a few times, and always stopped short when I saw the $15 fee even though the lobby was gorgeous.  I've become very spoiled living in DC and having access to the Smithsonian :)  I'm also not a huge fan of tours, but it was soooooooo hot outside that  I was looking for any nearby indoor activity and went in.

I'm so glad I did.  The building is absolutely gorgeous!  Each lodge room has a different design and its own story to tell. They are all intricately designed with an altar in the center. Reportedly, they were designed with one flaw as a symbol to show man's imperfection. At least that's what I read before going, and I was dying to ask the tour guide but was too self-conscious.

The only disadvantage about the museum is that you don't have enough time to fully take in each room. The tour guide says that we're welcome to explore each room and take pics, but as soon as he's done speaking we were whisked away to another room.
