This is my favorite Irish Shoppe in the city. The owner and the employees are a pleasure to talk to and are always helpful. 

Tully cross carries an good selection of jewelry, clothing and small amount of foods from Ireland. My personal favorites are Barry's Tea and Jersey Creme cookies. They also carry Mars bars, in season, from Ireland.

There is an excellent selection of Irish music and book on Irish history. At Christmas time there is always a wide selection of tree ornaments to choose from. 

The clothing that they carry is fantastic. My wife and I have purchased three handmade wool sweaters and a few scarves and we are very pleased with their quality. 

If you are in the neighborhood you should definitely stop in.
This is the only legitimate Irish emporium left in Philadelphia. No tacky decorations. Real irish foods, clothing, books, jewelry, and tons more. If you're looking for a gift for a lover of Ireland this is the place to go. Easy parking if you go early right on south street and if later you'll always find a space in one of the city pay lots on front street.
This is an adorable little store down by the water on South Street. The owner (I assume) is a very helpful young Irish man. My boyfriend was looking to pick out something for his mum for mothers day and he gave plenty of suggestions. 
It's a small shop but they carry a wide arrange of traditional items straight from Ireland. They have a small selection of candy from the UK as well which may be my favorite part of any Irish store I've been to.
If you're in the area and you're Irish (or not) stop in and take a look around.
I've purchased a few items from this store, and was always glad to know there was an Irish shop for gifts closer to me than the NE.  Twice I've purchased jewelry (twice because the first purchase was lost) and both times the sizes had to be specially ordered.  The owner (his name escapes me) was not bothered by the chore at all, and his communication was great - the first time when the item came in, the second time when the jewelry took longer to get here than promised, and then when it did come in.  I was also surprised that in the two years between purchases, the price had hardly changed at all!  Prices in the store are relatively fair considering most if not all products are directly from Ireland.  Would recommend to anyone!
I absolutely love Tullycross. They are by far the best Irish shop around. At one time there were a few more Irish shops to choose from, that's not the case anymore as they are slowly disappearing. The staff is extremely friendly! If you are looking for something in particular and they don't have it, they will order it for you.

They carry everything from clothing, jewelry and Irish foods. On street parking can be an issue but there is a parking lot down the street. I will continue to shop here for my Irish needs. Solid 5 stars
Beautiful, wide selection of gifts (jewelry, home decor, clothing, books, music, etc.). The owner and the employees are so friendly, welcoming and helpful. So happy I can get my Crunchie Bar and Curly Wurly (candy bars) fix from this place!
Delightful little Irish gift and clothing shop in the heart of South Street
Whenever I am in Philly, I stop in to buy gifts without the cost of airfare to Ireland... worth a look!
A quaint little shop on South Street!!! A very friendly staff that works there. They sell beautiful treasures from Ireland that would make any Irishman happy.
Best little Irish Gift Shop this side of the pond. And it's right across South Street from Downey's Irish Pub/Restaurant.
The friendliest, most welcoming/helpful staff. Unique, fantastic selection of Irish-ware, that even as someone who frequents Irish festivals and shops, every time I go there I find something I have not seen elsewhere. Visits there have always led to the successful finding of the perfect gift.
Best Irish shop in the city. I go for all holiday gifts for my family. Nice variety for a small store.
