-PINBALL ALERT!-

Overall I could give here 3 stars, but I'm curving to 4 because when it comes to Timeless old school video arcades in Philadelphia this is the only one that really still exists (and it's kind of sad to say it).

For a fairly small arcade it has a fairly balanced offering of games to enjoy. They have new school games like DDR alongside old school games like Mrs. Pacman, 3D fighters like Soul Caliber alongside quirky Japanese 2D fighters (and plenty of sharks that are waiting to school noobs in VS mode for each), and a couple of shooting and racing games. They even have a pool hall towards the back and and plenty of games where you can win tickets for prizes. But most importantly they have Pinball! they only have newer one's like Family Guy, Pirates Of The Caribbean and The Simpsons (at least since I last checked). But they were all pretty well maintained at least.

While it might be filled with plenty of tweenagers on certain occasions, I'll take an old school spot over somewhere like Dave & Busters any day of the week!
Loved this place, such a charm to have in good ole West Philly. Today I was looking for fun things to do with my 6 year old baby nephew and I decided hey let's go to that arcade on 40th street. So glad I made that decision cause we was in for a treat!

This arcade offers sooo much fun. They have an assortment of old school games to play,such as pac man and sonic. They have a spin the wheel and you can win a bunch of tickets to get prizes at the end.

My nephew had a blast on the racing car game and you can also play basketball. It reminds me of a low key Dave and buster's except there's no food. 

 You can have a blast playing an assortment of games for an affordable price. I put 5.00 in the coin machine and my nephew played games for over an hour. 

This is a great place to go, it offers a family fun filled atmosphere. Thanks University family fun Center you are a gem to the West Philly community!!
What's with people subtly being snide about "neighborhood people"? What exactly is a "neighborhood person"? If you are saying what I think you are saying, I think you might be saying something NOT COOL AT ALL. 

Anyway, this is a fun place if you want to play some Guitar Hero and Skeeball before your dinner reservations while on date night with your hubby. That's what we did, anyway. We won tickets and spent them on Sour Patch Kids and a cool switchblade comb.
When I was a kid, arcades were all over the place. Heck, they had mini-arcades in restaurants, convenience stores, department stores, and just about anywhere. These days, they are going the way of dinosaurs. With all of the home systems, they larger than life machines just don't get the love they once got.

University Pinball is all we have in the area. Like many arcades these days, too much real estate is given to these win some tickets and get some cheap prize in return type of games. For my three year old, however, these are tons of fun, and many are very simple.

There are a few pinball machines, ironically, at University Pinball. And, there are few regular arcade games. If you want some arcade giggles, or want to burn some time with a kid, this place does the trick. But it's far from special.
If you don't mind getting beat by a girl in pinball you should definitely hit this place up. Actually, you should go regardless. It's sweet. I just wish it was still connected to a laundromat. You know, kill 2 birds...
what a strange little place!  They've got a ton of neon and arcade games and pinball obvs.  When I went the crowd was a bit intimidating.  A mix of students and neighborhood locals neither of which I am super fond of if I'm honest.    They did have a crap load of games without going to Dave & Busters though.  (You do have to go into West Philly so I guess it's whatever you dislike the least).
Pretty fun place, we missed our flight due to a longer than usual doc appointment and discovered this place to take our son to to kill some time and keep him entertained. Right next to the U PENN campus.
They also have air hockey & I saw a sign that Guitar Hero is coming.  My favorite pinball is the Batman game.
My 11 year old loves the place.
You get all kinds of people in there, including neighborhood, but if you've led anything other than a cloistered existence you'll do just fine -- I've made many acquaintances of all ages, races and callings.
I have occasionally visited University Pinball before and after the remodeling due to the fire or water damage, and although the purchasing power of the tickets won from the games continue to diminish, the rotation of arcade games is fairly decent. Most of the crowd are high school aged, and the staff are usually visible throughout the arcade, with their green shirts. 

The west-side is dedicated to the latest arcade games, like Marvel vs Capcom 3 and other Vs. arcade games (Marvel vs Capcom 2, King of Fighters XI, Arcana Heart, any other fighters popular at the moment). 

The east-side is more for the traditional arcade experience - think Skee-Ball, pinball, coin dozer games, and a few older arcade games like House of the Dead 2. Other light gun games seem to rotate in this area as well, but HotD2 seems to be a mainstay. Some of the team/group based games, like co-op motorcycling, or Hydro Thunder-esque arcade games can be found in this section too. 

I mainly go there for air hockey. Sure, the pucks are kinda grimy, and the mallets may have some residue on them, but the experience is good, competitive fun. First to seven points wins, or I believe five minutes - whichever's first.

The pool tables in the rear are gone but are replaced with games of skill and coordination, either utilizing a small softball or basketball. Typical arcade fare.

University Pinball is a pretty good escape to a dying retail front - the arcade.
honestly.. you only get 4 stars because I love playing all the old school arcade games.. and I have fond memories of this place.. .the upgrade.. looks exactly like it did before.. oh wait no I think they removed the pool tables. but I can't tell.. bc I typically only play a couple games... all old school baby! I am seriously annoyed by all the younger children in here but maybe that's bc I'm an asshole.. yeah .. that could be it..
I liked this place so much! I love that they still use tokens instead of cards (which most arcades haves switched over to nowadays). I felt like a kid again, spending all my money on a game that would give me one ticket. 10/10 would come back again
this place is fucking amazing. STREET FIGHTER 4 FOR ONLY 50 CENTS!

they have EXTREMELY rare games. I have no idea how they get them. definitely check it out.
A little arcade usually filled with college and high school and elementary school students, this was the place to waste an afternoon's worth of quarters and have a bit of fun.
I like this place a lot. Came here with my little brother (I'm 23 and he's 10) and it was awesome! We went on a Saturday morning, the only other person there was an older guy playing pinball so great bonding time. Tons of fun for at least two hours. I will admit that I'm not a fan of all the "win tickets"/"prizes" games. Many of those games are designed for users not to win. You can research any of them, they put that on their packaging. The worst is stacker (never play for the grand prize, seriously, google it)

The large number of these machines takes them from 5 to 4. Other than that, it was awesome and something that we plan to do frequently. The actual arcade games (not for tickets) are inexpensive and totally worth continuing over and over again. Had we not done those "win tickets"/"prizes" games the two of us could have easily stayed there for 2 hours on just $20. The ticket games are actually more expensive anyway.
This is the only arcade in Philly besides Dave & Busters (no, I am NOT kidding). It's in University city, so there is plenty of transit near it. There's also a pizzeria near it, so it sets up for a great day out with a friend. As for the games, they have a row with your typical arcade style fighting games (Tekken & Street Fighter), a first person shooting game with those toy guns, flashy games that make those noises, Guitar Hero, and of course they have Ms. & Ms. Pacman and galaxya. You can basically find everything here. Great for groups and fast fun. Clean bathroom!
I've been coming here since it was a laundromat. Sam's  a good owner and the staff is helpful and attentive. They've successfully mixed kids games and something for the hardcore gamer. I STILL can't do Ken's new Shoryuken finisher but I'm not bitter, no not bitter at all!! I've never had a bad time here and it can even be a pretty  good date spot
Nice place. Make sure that you bring $20 bills.  Awesome games and a convenient location.
Pinball my butt. Three machines right now: a rocky and bullwinkle that is unplugged, a batman that has a broken flipper, and an avatar machine (one of the worst ever made).
I came here just for the pinball machines.  They have 4 machines.  3 were in perfect working condition!  Batman, Star Wars, Avatar and another one.  I don't remember the other because one flipper was weak, so I didn't bother playing.  After the disappointment at Pinball Parlour, I was thrilled to come here and play machines in great working condition.  i also used their air hockey table, which was in great condition as well.  Lots of fun.
Had a super fun time here reliving my youth! It reminds me of a birthday party I went to as a kid, running around from game to game and collecting as many tickets as possible and spending stacks of bills in order to trade in tickets for cheap plastic toys. They left us alone and we went at the night for over an hour or two, with sporty games, luck games, skill tests, racing games, and everything in between! While they probably don't update games very often, coming late at night with friends, you'll avoid the early afternoon children-crowd and can get through as many games as your heart desires!
As of 1/14/2016 University Pinball is still not the pinball destination I'd like it to be. They still only have two machines (Stern Star Trek and Walking Dead) that have had their fair share of mechanical issues. However, being how the replays can be generally low and obtainable, one can easily play a long time. Add that you can get $25.00 worth of tokens for $20.00, this place is still a good deal... this is if you like playing Stern Star Trek or Walking Dead, and a somewhat shady environment. Hopefully they will remove the virtual pin and a get a few new machines (Game of Thrones? Mustang? something).
Immaculately clean, possessing games that are definitely hard-to-find and awesome. I am a pinballer, and even thought there is only one machine I will play (out of two), it does have tournament mode and it is in good condition.

OK I had to take one star away because of a bad experience with a birthday party. Unsupervised kids interrupted my game, even tried to steal my bike helmet. If a birthday party rolls in, UP should have someone there to keep some semblance of order. A minor flaw.
This place is so fun, I really like it . 

Who knew you could find an arcade inside university city , they got a lot of the old games (90s) haha . I love street fight and surprisingly good at it . 

I don't come here often as I am no longer that age anymore , but once in a while brings back so many good memories. 

Did I tell you that i was a few tickets short for the dolphin stuffed animal and person who worked there still gave to me ? 

Can't be more happier :)
University Pinball is down to one mechanical pinball machine (Stern Star Trek). Sadly the other machine was replaced with a Virtual pinball machine which will probably get very little play because virtual pinball is stupid.
always has the latest machines but im kinda disappointed they took most of the fighting games out and pool table and there hasn't been alot of upgrades i think it was better before it burned down. At least their back but if they want my business they need to bring most of the old school fighters back and the previous games like King of fighters etc.
the mugen machine was cool till they took it out.
Most of the machines were replaced by useless games
I walked in here thinking how the hell is a place like this going to stay open in this day and age when everybody has their own home consoles.  Nobody's going to spend money in an old-school arcade.  

Move forward forty-five minutes later - I'm five dollars into the Dark Knight pinball machine and there's a little kid next to me saying "you got a lot of balls."  I'm totally addicted, and can't wait to go back, spend more money and match the replay value.  

Seriously, I love this place.  Perfect for the kid or the working professional.
I'll admit it, I'm an arcade geek, and there's nothing better than an old school arcade, especially with all the classic games.  Passed by this place so many times and had been so eager to check it out, so last week I had the chance to.  I had a few spare bucks so I got myself $3 worth of tokens, played a couple games of Skeeball, and a few other games nearby.  They have everything from old school Pacman to Whack-A-Mole (or something similar) to Guitar Hero to machines where you aim to win as many tickets as humanly possible.  Only racked up 30 tickets, so I redeemed them for 3 individually packaged Swedish Fish, but for what it's worth, it's fun either by yourself and possibly even more fun if you come with friends.  Hoping to come back on a day where I have a bit more time and can bring along some friends to join in the fun!
I love arcades... That being said this venue is pretty decent with a mere $20 I found myself playing for over an hour. They've got a nice mix of modern games ie guitar hero and deal or no deal while providing its patrons with the classics such as pacman and street fighter. Some of the older games are definitely meant for children as you have to sit on a stool or kneel down to play. Overall the convenience in proximity and groupon deals has made this a prime hangout whenever time allows.
this place used to be the shit, and had 5-6 rotating pinballs. Now they have an UltraPin video pinball (trash) and a Stern Star Trek (like every bar in the city). Redemption games have killed pinball. RIP.
love this place. I always have a good time. It's pretty clean considering some other dive type arcades I've been to. Nice area, fun games. SOme of the games take your coins or act retarded, but rarely and if that does happen the people working their always help you out and fix it. I would recommend it.
Cant really knock this place since it's one of the last remaining arcade landmarks in the nation. it's been closed down now for what I think has been a season due to fire damage so I wonder when it'll open. I'd like to see more fighting games next time it's open though. Some snk fighters would be nice. Fighting game enthusiasts are really what keeps that place grounded IMO.
There are many games at University Pinball.  They have: pinballs, fighting games, and most importantly skeet ball.  I love skeet ball.  When I was a child my father would take me to the city and drop me off at the arcades while he went to his weekly meeting.  Most of the games were too big for me but I could play skeet ball with the best of them. I'd spend so many quarters there. I miss my dad.
