I've followed Urban Jungle via social media for a few months before visiting. They are very good at taking pictures, because the visit was a bit underwhelming and not up to the hype of what their Instagram displays.

The atmosphere is certainly inviting, but it's more of a trendy plant shop with not much in stock. I don't believe this was because things were bought up. It didn't really look like there was room for large inventory. There are two "greenhouses" - one is about a 10x10 tent of mostly cacti and succulents, with the other upstairs a bit larger, but still lacking. I found the prices to be a bit more than what I'm used to paying. I believe a baby pothos was $24 and I've purchased the same for far less. 

Overall I spent about 15 minutes inside. I did leave with a mature string of pearls, which was $40. Given that I can't usually find such a gem in my area, I felt the price was fair. If you're looking for gems, check it out - they may have one or two.
This is a great find in South Philly. I stopped inside Urban Jungle because I'd noticed their terra cotta pots while walking by and was in need of one to repot a house plant at home. When I walked inside, the man behind the counter said hello and was very friendly. Actually, when he rang up my purchases later, we chatted a bit about the inventory and the store. 

Anyway, here's the gist about Urban Jungle. The visual merchandising in the store is well done; everything looks appealing. With the high ceilings, the store feels very open, so it's pleasant to walk around and check out everything displayed. The inventory is organized and the prices here are pretty good (for the higher quality goods sold here). 

I'm definitely a fan, and I wish that there was a shop like this in my neck of the woods.
You don't have to be a well versed gardening aficionado to appreciate all the breathtaking wonders in plant life that Urban Jungle has to offer. In fact even a person like me who's gardening claim to fame has been giving a Chia Pet one killer plumage of plant fur can appreciate its full on whimsy.

Outside you'll find a plentiful assortment of herbs to compliment any of your kitchen needs, and a fine line of plants to really tie your garden together. And the bulk of its plant life comes directly from the stores impressive roof garden when the weather is right. Whether your a green thumb who's in need of some heavy duty equipment, a yoga lover who's looking to craft the perfect zen garden, or someone who just has a weird fascination with garden gnomes; Its vast interior has the perfect tools, soils, and decorations to bring out the best of your dream garden. And Urban Jungle is also the perfect location for any of your festive holiday wreaths and trees.

As many of the Yelpers who attended the big Yelp's Passport to East Passyunk EE can attest to Urban Jungle is also the perfect place for holding a decent sized shindig. And East Passyunk Ave has been known to utilize its space for plenty of good special events.
I am following up with a previous 1 star review I wrote. After urban jungle rescheduled our window box installation without telling us, I finally received a call back from the owner Curt. We told him we were upset they did not contact us at all about rescheduling. His response was "Why should I care about your $300 flower box when I do $20,000-$40,000 dollar jobs?". Disrespectful and rude response. Horrible customer service. Would not hire them for landscaping.
After a lot of Yelping, seemed like the best shot at finding a thank you gift for someone who was giving me pasta making lessons. 

This is honestly how customer service should be. I know next to nothing about plants and folks here will go out of their way to tell you what plant best serves your purpose and also why so. They break it down just enough for a regular person. The guy who helped me worked in accord to my budget and took his time to show me around with no signs of hurry. Their plant selection was the most extensive I have seen in Philly. Being end of winter they did not have as many flowering plants as id have like to see, but that obv isn't their fault. 

I left with a small room plant in a tiny contemporary glass jar-like thing. Just the kind of thing I was looking for.
Well I got my first ever full-sized real Christmas tree and I'm happy to report that I finally feel like an adult.  On suggestion of my girlfriend, we decided to check out Urban Jungle being that we had already been to a Yelp event there and hey, why not try to support a local business?

When we arrived we encountered a very kind and helpful staff member who answered our questions quickly.  After asking for a tree around the 7 ft height, he showed us one and told us how he could cut the bottom off enough to meet our desired parameters but without cutting so much off that we couldn't get it in a stand.  The price seemed very reasonable for the tree we purchased and not only did they wrap it up but they also provided twine and helped me secure it to my car for the drive home.

While paying for the tree, I saw a flyer advertising Urban Jungle doing tree recycling a few days after Christmas.  I thought this was a great program and I will be taking part in it because apparently Philadelphia just sends curb trees to the landfill and I think turning them into wood chips is a better option.

You've got a new fan Urban Jungle.
So we wait in line and an employee comes out to "greet us" (just rudely in manner) telling us if we want to buy soil or a specific plant let her know and she can bring it out. The store is full it's a pandemic I get it. My husband asks her a question regarding soil because we are newbies, she talk to us like we are 5 year old idiots. We finally get inside and I'm still excited because of all the hype and it's so charming inside this revamped garage ( this comes in later). There is not much of a selection just your basics pothos, succulents, dumbcane a few ficus and everything is way overpriced. Hear me out, it's a garage, it's dark it's humid there was no air flow and after spending $76 on 3 plants and 3 qts of soil after a week at home and not once yet watered my dumbcane and  my daughters flamingo flower were already root rotted and unsaveable and the other plant we bought a save me baby rubber plant had spider mites! The rude woman from the beginning of the story bagged them all together so eventually all of them got spider mites as well! Why would you put a reduced price save me floppy plant from a shelf off the floor in the same bag as $20 good plants, my husband carried the bags out after purchase so I was unaware. The damn soil isn't even all that great. The only good thing about our 35 minute visit was the sweet older woman who nicely gave us some tips and even called Nick to ask for us. He was off that day so I can't comment on his personality or customer service but my husband stopped back in once after and said he's super nice. Do not go here unless you're desperate to find something and only they have it.
I'm madly in love with the free stevia plant I received as well as the apple mint plant and bamboo and green tea soap that I purchased last night. I made a mean cup of  hot tea with the mint and stevia plants and named it delish. I showered with the bamboo and green tea soap and could be found sniffing myself throughout the day. This may be TMI, but I was quite fresh and smelled like a flower pretty much all day.

Urban Jungle was a really neat place. One day, when I have a big yard, I'm coming here to populate and decorate it.
I found this place Saturday night but it was after hours. I was so excited to learn it was open on Sundays! Went in and found exactly what I was looking for. The staff was helpful and greeted me right away. The manager even delivered my plants on the same day! That was unbelievable. He gave me some great tips and I hope I can finally grow some beautiful plants inside! I would recommend them to my friends and family.
Urban Jungle, great store for all the green thumb lovers, the ones that are into doing it themselves, or if you just enjoy the beauty of plants and gardening.

You can find so much greenery at Urban Jungle. I saw huge gigantic plants that would be beautiful in professional settings like doctor's offices or hotels. They even had little baby exotic plants as well.

My aunt has a pond that my uncle created in the back of her house and I was able to see the creation of building a pond through a display at Urban Jungle that had beautiful rocks and other supplies needed for building a mini pond.

Jazz music in the background and friendly staff that walks around the store eager to help or answer any questions was there at Urban Jungle.
Suuuper expensive, and they're not nice or helpful. If you're going to pay more, you'd think you'd make up for it with service. Oh well. Nice to walk by?
Try Lowes.
Urban Jungle has pretty much everything that you'd want for an at-home garden in South Philadelphia. 

I've gotten seeds, soil (organic for growing fruits/veggies!), pots, and other random odds/ends here over the past year or so, and their quality and selection always exceed my expectations. 

Note: I know there was a Yelp event here back in 2012, and the store still has an outdated "offer" for check-ins on the app... so don't expect that to work. 

Overall, Urban Jungle seems to do great business, provide top-quality products, and really know their stuff. The staff are very friendly, and seem to enjoy their jobs here, too. That's a plus!
It's a wonderful wilderness of plants and baubles! I have to confess to poking all the little cactii (?) as I explored the store before going out to the sidewalk herbery to grab my basil plant. While my father has a great green thumb, to say I'm clueless about things in the wild green yonder is a bit of an understatement. Let's review -- I needed help getting setup with *a basil plant*. Hopefully it'll survive to make me oodles of pesto for years to come. We'll see.

My general approach to buying seedlings in the past: acquire adorable, happy, healthy seedling. Realize seedling needs more space to grow. Decide appropriate solution is to put the plant in a bowl or mug or something otherwise NOT made for plants. Realize plant needs dirt. Go to the nearest park or flowerbed where I can shamefully abduct dirt. Abduct dirt, bring to plants. See plants die (fairly) quickly. Be sad.

NO MORE, SAYS I. 

I confessed to the fellow at Urban Jungle my cluelessness, getting help getting a POT for the plant, and buying DIRT. Basil, I think you might just have a future this time.
Really amazing selection of plants in the greenhouse, especially despite the cold winter weather!! The space is super cool and has a large variety of planting pots and gardening tools. Also they were very helpful and friendly with answering our questions!
They do nice flower arrangements but have horrible communication skills. We've scheduled appointments for them to install window box flowers and multiple times they have rescheduled or moved our time without  asking us or letting us now. Unacceptable for the prices they charge..
I frequent this location weekly. I have learned that if you are looking for succulents that it is best to go on the weekend. When I go during the week there are usually less succulents and cacti. Most plants come with a sticker to tell how often to water them and how much sunlight they need for survival. 

They have a vast variety of pots and garden décor and even fantastic smelling candles. Upstairs is a greenhouse with air plants and all of the needs to care for them. Along with live plants and flowers, they sell seeds to plant. 

The prices are not the lowest but the selection is worthwhile if you are a plant lover. I have not bought anything for my outdoor garden there but only my indoor plants and succulents. It is safe to say that I am OBSESSED with cacti and have bought FOUR different ones from here. Each is unique and they are all different types. This is a great stop if you enjoy green. 

The parking in the area is not the best and may take a few minutes to find a spot. They accept credit/debit cards.
We made an appointment with Urban Jungle to do our urban landscaping.  The morning of the appointment, (15 minutes after the scheduled arrival time), we received a call from the owner of the company telling us that he was too overwhelmed to do our job because a manager had quit.  Not only has this put us behind planting wise, but my partner also took the morning off of work and could have arranged his schedule differently if we had received a courtesy call the day before.

BIG THUMBS DOWN!!!!!
I had my roof deck landscaped and an irrigation system put in about a year and a half ago. I have had eight out of nine trees die in that time. One of the trees continues to blow over on windy days. I was upset with all the dying trees along with the dead needles and branches that I continually cleaned up. The final straw was when they wanted to charge me to remove the last 5 dead trees. I ended up cutting down and disposing of the trees myself.
ordered two indoor plants online. received a couple of half dead rootings
at the total cost of +$25. i could have gotten better plants rummaging in any alley. will not recommend.
I've been here several times and while I love getting ideas the majority of their prices are egregious. 
I usually leave empty handed because I'm not willing to pay $12+tax for a a plant in a 4" pot or 40-something dollars for a small decorative pot(real life examples). I understand price can be subjective and I understand marking up prices is how businesses make money but I get annoyed by their prices at times because they seem unreasonable. Especially when I can find the same pot for cheaper from the original company or on Amazon(again, real life example.... I've done the research while standing in their store). 

They regularly get plants that are unique and can't be found just anywhere and the space is pretty big for a city location. On average they seem to offer more tropical plants but they do have a decent supply of succulents and cacti. Their plant selection is always healthy when I visit. This place also has a good base selection of soil, plant food, and pesticides. Some of it you can even get by the scoop which is great when you live in a small Philly apartment with little to no outdoor space to store the extra gardening supplies that plant require.  
Staff have always been friendly when I visit but I have gotten some funny advice when it comes to plant care. You can also get a Christmas tree here in December or make your own wreath/have one made....but again, you can expect pay more than $60.

Summary: This place is perfect for you if you're looking for the perfect monstera or some chic indoor gardening supplies and you don't care about the cost.
Came here on a weekend during the pandemic and there was a line due to them limiting the amount of people inside which is understandable. After we finally got in 25 minutes later, we were browsing around for a bit since it was our first time here. We were there for about 20 minutes (with a bunch of plants to purchase in our basket might I add) and an employee came up to us saying "there's a line of people outside and we close in 15 minutes so just be mindful of that." If this is such a big deal, why not stay open later rather than rushing other customers out? We waited in line longer than we spent in the store and were still rushed out. Won't be coming back due to this and not to mention the prices are steep as others have stated.
So many people like to do their gardening shopping at the big box stores like Home Depot and Lowes.  They certainly fill a need.  You can grab cheap stuff quickly and be gone.  Of course the problem is that often the quality is questionable.  See the difference by stopping into the Urban Jungle.

This is a beautifully arranged and maintained store.  If you are a gardener you can immediately see that the quality of the plants is high and the variety is substantial.  What's really nice is that in addition to your plants you can pick up all those extra gardening items you need as well.  If you need containers, window boxes, tools, or decorative items it's all here.  Don't forget to check out the roof.  Amazing!

The staff that I have spoken with are knowledgeable and helpful.  If your thumb is green or even if you are a novice these folks are definitely worth a visit.
Came here looking for the "rare plants" I heard about. . Hella basic. Chill spot though. Staff wasn't really that friendly either..
The constant danger is that I'll be caught talking to myself here, or talking to the plants...however you want to look at it. A person can catch a sideways glance if they utter, "Aw lookit you," over and over to some plants. I've never been chased with a broom or a rake outta Urban Jungle ...like, "Get outta here, crazy person!!" So that's cool. Lots and lots of beautiful plants to ogle in this cool, large space. 

Another danger lies in the fact that I may be tempted to bankrupt myself purchasing a ton of plants and containers and gardening stuff even though I only have an alley-way's amount of space to green-up.
Spent over 500 dollars on what we're supposed to be perennials, nothing came back, we called, and tried to get some help, was put on hold for extended period of time, called back again was promised a call back from some one. Never heard anything basically we threw away our money.
If I am going to spend this amount of coin on plants, I may as well head to terrain in glens mills and get the customer service that is attached to the price tag.  I felt as if I did them a disservice by even popping in. Sorry guys, I thought you wanted to sell something.
I went in search of strawberry plants, and was told it wasn't the season for them yet so they weren't available. Really? I went to Home Depot and they had them. During a previous visit the cashier didn't get off the phone while ringing me up , which is extremely rude. I want to support local businesses, but sadly I have better experiences at the big box stores than here.
These people did not follow through on a promise made to me after i just spent $500.  They even ignored my email about it.  I will never shop here again. It should tell you something that i created a yelp account solely to warn people.
how deep is my love? oh, about 3 inches below the topsoil. and enough to make me bake cookies for the staff and swing by for regular yap sessions with Anthony. Never have I seen a Garden and Nursery business that has so immersed itself in its community that it has become the Keystone business for the neighborhood. The open storefront and the very breadth of the expanse just welcomes ALL who pass by, whether they are there with intent to purchase or just browsing or strolling through in admiration. The regularly changing decor is enough reason for frequent visits, but the people there make it bloom.
I have mixed feelings about Urban Jungle.  The space is very cool, and the roof (which you can see if you sweet-talk an employee into taking you up there) is absolutely spectacular: full of lots and lots of beautiful flowers and such.  They seem to have a wide selection of plants and plant-related stuff. 

I hoped for good customer service from Urban Jungle, but I was disappointed. When I decided to green up my deck, I bought a couple of plants at Home Depot, but planned to buy most of them at Urban Jungle: I like to support local businesses, and I was sure I'd get better service there than at the big box stores. I was hoping for lots of advice, since I don't know anything about gardening, let alone container gardening or jungling.  

The first store employee I encountered was a surly, chain-smoking fellow who had no interest in being helpful.  He gave minimal answers to my questions, so I kept having to ask him further questions, and he looked pissed every time I approached him again.  The other employee who was there at the time was a very nice, chipper young woman who was eager to help, but didn't seem to know too much about plants.  So I would direct my questions to her, she would nod and smile encouragingly and say "Let me find out for you," and then she'd relay the questions to surly smoker guy, who stood a few yards away and gave both of us the stink eye as he spat out a contemptuous reply.  I was torn between my determination to learn which plants would thrive on my deck and my desperation to get the hell out of this uncomfortable triangle, but I took my slow and uncomfortable time, which did not endear me to the aforementioned surly smoker fellow. 

It sounds like other people have had better experiences with their employees, so maybe I'll give them another try. In the meantime, my recommendation to the management at UJ is to fuse the grumpy knowledgeable guy with the friendly uninformed gal and then re-separate them into one useful employee and one deadbeat. You know what to do from there-- or if you don't, call in Mitt Romney.
Extremely disappointing. After spending over $1400 for some window boxes and hanging plants, the project was delayed multiple times.  After being a month late in delivery they would not offer any compensation.  Their only offer was to sever ties at full price.  I'm left with only half the project done and no money back.
Great selection & friendly staff! I don't know much about plants so, this review is probably useless for all you green thumbs out there. My apologies. 

But, for a girl who just wants cute plants, it's greeeeeeaat!
For starters I agree with Emily! I walked in today and I felt uncomfortable saying hello even as they looked at me let I was a bother for coming in. When I asked if they had more indoor plants the gave me a short cut off yes and then turned away. "no, can I help you or what are you looking g for"
When I looked at the prices...wow! A standard rubber indoor plant that you can get anywhere was 45 bucks! Even walgreens sells them for 11.99.

I think I am sticking with Lowes. Always good service and they love to help you.
Great place for plants. I love the greenhouse upstairs. The prices are reasonable because they sell quality plants and have knowledgeable, helpful staff.  So nice to have someone to ask questions to in real life instead of googling everything! You can also place a special order certain plants if they don't have what you want in stock.

They also do beautiful landscaping jobs. I see urban jungle employees all the time at dilworth park.
The nice plants are a little on the expensive side, but they were willing to negotiate on the plants without prices and the half dead plants.  I prefer the challenges.  If anyone is up for a plant growing contest.... I'm game.  I've never lost.

The two employees in the store were very helpful, they were even willing to look up whether or not the plant going to Natalie B.'s house was poisonous to her cat.

Everyone was very friendly and helpful.  The guy that was taking care of us even helped load the plants into the car.
Accepts credit.
Pros: Easy to get to if you live in Center City.  The plants are healthy.  It isn't the same old Home Depot annuals.

Cons: Workers don't know what they are talking about so you cannot ask questions and get useful advice.  Their supply is tiny so there is not a ton to choose from.  Their landscaping service is way overpriced, inefficiently run, and has a pretty limited stock of trees and shrubs.

Despite all these cons, I am glad they exist so I don't have to haul to the burbs for some healthy annuals.  Do your homework online about what will and won't work in your garden or window boxes so you don't have to depend on them to answer questions.  Some prices are high and others are a bargain.  Spend the time to plan well what you need and what will take up the right amount of space and you will walk away from here happy.
I can't really get behind this place but I reallllly want to. It's surprisingly big with a fun selection, but the prices are just cray cray. Like regular indoor plants you can get at other local gardens for AT MOST $20 are twice that here. I think they know they sort of have a monopoly in the neighborhood... Because unless you have a car you won't be driving to other places to get a better deal. 

The other thing that made me frown was this one staff member. After promising to come meet us in the back to help us look for our list of plants, we waited and waited. No show. And then at the register the person actually had the gall to say how slow  it was to a coworker. Clearly the person had forgotten but that was off-putting considering how the store indeed was not very busy. 

I think if you come here you'll find what you're looking for. Just get ready to whip out the credit card. My friend got 3 plants (without decorative pots) for $80. One of them was a tiny tiny bromeliad and it cost $27. That blew my mind. I bought one very large plant for $40 but I had to have it. I'm all about supporting the local stores so I will grit my teeth and push forward!
The setting was magical. Succulents were really affordable. I forgot to take a pic of the pricing but the experience was great! Now i added 2 more members to my succulent family.
Quite expensive. And I know it's February, but there were almost no plants for sale save a scanty selection of table-top succulents. Seriously, they had virtually no living product to sell. I had driven here in a work van and spent ten minutes finding parking hoping to pick-up a few nice big office plant like an elephant ear but this place seemed to only sell containers. Aren't indoor plants a year-round thing? Staff didn't seem to care that I was there.
First off, I love shopping here and have spent hundreds of dollars here over the years. Yes, it's over priced but I like supporting local businesses and they have good quality items. It's my go to place for planters and shrubs as we slowly make our outside South Philly home look better. Normally, the staff members are helpful. They've helped me out to my car and thrown in free soil goodies as a thank you. Today, I went in and was shocked at the loud music blaring. I watched an elderly couple deal with the woman working the desk and she didn't even speak to them as she checked them out. I doubt they would have been able to hear her anyway because it felt like we were more at a rave than a gardening store. When I went to check out, she impassively watched me as I struggled to get the items I was going to purchase to the counter. I checked out and watched as she didn't make eye contact, hardly spoke, and had a sneer on her face the whole time. She gave the impression that she was too good to be working there or helping anyone shop. She didn't ask me if I needed help to carry the bulky items to my car 3 blocks away. I normally don't write reviews but she left me with such a bad taste in my mouth. I don't think I'll be returning. Go to Greensgrow or City Planter. They, at least, are always friendly and their selection is on par with Urban Jungle.
is it too much to ask that the cashier , who sees you waiting for 10 minutes ready to pay, then saunters over slowly to take your money...is it too much to expect her to say thank you when you make a purchase? I feel like a Louis CK skit.
Urban Jungle is a great store! I have been here twice and also for an elite event. The staff is extremely helpful and has even answered my questions via email which I appreciate especially in a small business as I spend most of my day on the phone at work so its hard to find time to place calls. 

Urban Jungle makes me wish a few things. First that I lived nearby, and second that I had a killer deck and patio so I could use all the things they stock. I really find a lot of planters to be unique and pretty but I have no outdoor space to use them. Hopefully this changes one day and I will then know where to go. 

I received a free purple basil bush for checking in here during the passport to passyunk week and I am happy to report it is thriving in my community garden space. I have been enjoying its unique flavor in curries and can't wait to add it to more dishes.
Our initial plan to get a Christmas tree involved pulling a Clark Griswold and chopping down some shrubbery from the forest; the merchandise outside Urban Jungle, though, caught our attention and helped us to avoid bringing any small woodland creatures into our home.  In all seriousness, I was impressed with their selection and their staff was actually very friendly to us.  They hooked us up with some free rope when we realized we forgot to bring our own and helped us tie the tree onto our car.  Prices here are comparable to the pop-up Christmas tree lots, Home Depot, and Whole Foods.  They also gave us information for how to recycle our Christmas tree in January since Philadelphia does not offer curbside recycling (more info about that can be found here: http://www.philadelphiastreets.com/holidayrecycling.aspx)!

I definitely recommend visiting these fine folks not just during the holiday season, but year-round.  Who knows, maybe they carry Jelly of the Month Club memberships.
I recently moved into a new apartment and vowed that I would become one of those mature twenty-somethings who has plants in their living room. Green is good, right? This resolution coincided nicely with Valentine's Day, so my man and I decided to forgo the traditional V-Day flowers and pick out a nice indoor hanging plant from Urban Jungle. 

The store itself is really inviting - and cute, if a decorated warehouse can be cute. The front of the space is dedicated to planters, pots and other gardening "accessories," while the back is geared towards the plants themselves. They have a whole indoor greenhouse where they keep the actual plants - everything from giant hanging ferns to tiny succulent cacti in cute pots. 

When it comes to gardening and plants, I have no clue about anything and the sales person who helped us was fabulous. She helped us pick out an appropriate plant for the space I wanted, and explained what would work and not work in my tiny and slightly dark apartment. She answered all my questions and didn't make me feel like a moron, which is as good as it gets when it comes to customer service. It's also worth noting that when she was telling me about fertilizer, she kept saying that I should keep the plant "happy" and I would be able to gauge when it was feeling "sad" or not, which I just loved. She clearly loves her job and her plants, and it was so refreshing to talk to her (and I felt great about giving her store my business).

Ultimately I walked away with a hanging white oleander (which I'm told will be beautiful when it blooms, assuming I don't kill it or make it sad), a pretty clay pot, hanging accessories and two very trendy-looking succulents in glass bottles for under $100, Plus, now I'm one of those people with some green in my kitchen window, and fingers crossed I inspire someone else to visit Urban Jungle.
Great place for all you gardening needs. Very informative and friendly. Added some more succulents to the garden.
I called them to see if I could get a quantity of small potted plants for my wedding.  I specified that it was for an event in October.  The guy who I spoke with- think his name was Curt, was um, extremely curt.  He told me that he "has a lot of that kind of thing going on right now" and, when I explained that I didn't need them until October, he told me he didn't know if he'd be able to help me then because it was too far away and he didn't know what he'd have going on then.  He didn't ask me any questions about what I needed or refer me to anyone else who might be able to help me.  Basically, he did not care at all about my potential business.  I don't think I've ever encountered someone so unfriendly and rude at a retail store.  I will not be patronizing Urban Jungle.
Such a cute place! It's like walking into a wonderland of plants. They have a great selection and reasonable prices. The staff are very friendly too!
It's pretty annoying the people who work here don't know anything about horticulture.
I've gotten the wrong answer to all my questions on several occasions.  Like to the point where it's actually entertaining to ask something I already know just to see what they'll make up.
It's in a convenient spot and a has a rad space - 
They have a random selection that often changes which I like.  But they never have potting soil.  That's weird.
What can I say that hasn't been said already? Gorgeous place. Plants are beautiful and healthy and interesting. The people are awesome. I used to just love going there and walking around. Maybe buying a little thing. But now: I'm determined to buy as much of my garden needs there as possible.  The employees are so helpful. You are getting better things! That you will learn to treat right! The staff knows our neighborhood. 

I'm starting a little early this season and picking up a few things at a time. Much less overwhelmed. Now instead of just "liking what I'm planting", I am LOVING IT. Thank you UG. You guys are the best and help make our neighborhood what it is. Shop local everyone! If nothing else, it's raises your home value?
Forget the big box home improvement stores when it comes to plants!  Urban Jungle has an awesome selection of all style and color plants and even quite a few other nick-nacks for your lawn and garden needs.  While I was there for a Yelp event, the staff more than demonstrated their knowledge, proving you can find local know-how outside the big two (Home Depot/Lowes).  Come with questions, leave with a garden!
This store offers varieties of plants perfect for the size of Philadelpha row homes. If you don't have much space for plants you can opt for cute cactus arrangements that don't take much space.
I came here to buy my first ever plant! I left with a pathos, two succulents, potting mix and a beautiful bag plant holder! The staff was friendly but I wish they would have been a little more thorough when explaining the watering process of the plant since I have never owned one before. Other than that, it's a beautiful little shop and it was the perfect way to end our trip to Philly!
Awesome place. Great quality plants. Knowledgeable staff that does amazing work. Take a look at some of the green walls they've done in the city.
Urban Jungle is a great space, very nicely laid out, and obviously made extra gorgeous by all the beautiful plants!  I got a great selection of house plants and succulents and I thought the prices were quite reasonable.  Plants are priced on par with Lowe's/Home Depot but in much better condition.  I wasn't looking for pots so can't speak to the pricing on those, but they had a great selection of really nice modern stuff.  Same goes for the outdoor plants.  The employees are friendly, but you have to seek them out if you have questions.

My purchased plants are all doing well, and I'll be back soon because I was lucky enough to snag one of their Groupons.
Positively perfect! I needed plants to fill one huge planter, one medium planter and a few small planters. Plants that were pretty but didn't require much light, and most of all - low maintenance. Every wish was filled and they were rolled down the block for us which was a great help.  

Once inside the space, the manager gave us care instructions and tips to make sure that we could keep them thriving and happy. It's only been 2 days but so far so good! I'm terrible with plants; but I was promised these were idiot-proof.  The price was more than fair, and we learned that UJ are the caretakers of all the trees along E Passyunk Ave -and- in the event you find yourself needing to rent plants, they offer that service as well.
Yayayayay!

I've heard so many rumors about this place, and decided to check it out during the Crafty Balboa event.  It is everything I dreamed it would be and more!  (Great name for the place to - the interior is.. an urban jungle.)  

Prices seem to be on point for what I'd expect for a place like this.  Organic, locally grown veggie/herb seedlings were $3-5, and they had a large selection of organic, natural fertilizers and pest control options.  (I snagged an essential-oil based insect concoction to deal with a scale epidemic on one of my beloved houseplants while I was here.)  Considering that you pay at least $3 to buy them from Lowes with questionable origins - for me, this is a no-brainer. 

Forget Lowes, this is where I'm sourcing my green stuff from now on.  (Soil was a bit expensive, but it wasn't the crappy-full-of-bark-and-synthetic-quasi-soil-stuff that can be found at the "big box" home stores.  And really, if you're going to be eating the stuff that grows from it - don't you want it to be the best anyway?)

Another thing I liked was that the staff seemed knowledgeable about plants and horticulture.  I overheard a few staffers speaking with customers about various aspects growing and planting.  

If you have a green thumb, visit this place. If you have a brown thumb, even more of a reason to come visit this place - they'll steer you in the right direction and get you growing in no time.
I rarely leave yelp reviews but I walked into Urban Jungle expecting the normal confusion that comes at Home Depot or lowes' garden departments. Marley(sp?) could not have been more willing to help! She went above and beyond to teach me about the plants and helped me arrange two window boxes to put on my balcony. It's nice to go to a place where it feels like the employees really care about the work, and she seemed genuinely happy to be helping me. I'm clueless about plants and she didn't make me feel dumb at all. Attached are some pictures of the final result and I love it!
Urban Jungle is such a unique plant shop. I bought an air plant, a pot, a hanger for the air plants and soil. I had so many questions, and they were super accommodating and friendly. I will be going here again to get my next round of plants.
Such an awesomely cool place! When we passed this small warehouse, there was no way we could simply walk past it. The large botanicals and fresh scents lure you in. And what a vibe it was! Urban Jungle has a beautiful selection of houseplants and outdoor plants--fiddle leaves, monsteras, cacti, pothos, peace lilies, and so much more. And they don't have just plants, they have accessories, tools and very unique planters. If I wasn't already struggling with my peace lily plant, I would have purchased the beautiful peace lily plant here! But I wouldn't be able to do it justice. Anywho, this place is a treat. They allowed us to bring in our friend's dog as well so dog friendly : )
Curtis and his team did beautiful landscaping work on our roof.  There were some construction details of the project that didn't work out as we'd planned, and Curtis was relentless in fixing those problems until we were satisfied.  I can highly recommend Urban Jungle's services and their plants.  It's all about their great customer service!
This place is everything a garden center should be! In the winter months their options are a little lackluster but they managed to stay open your round and offer some houseplants Tucktaway in a tiny back corner... but currently their store is bursting with an *incredible* selection of garden plants and houseplants, even rare ones, mostly perennials as I think we've missed annual season.

Also they have a DIY terrarium area and hold classes, and their employees are really genuinely friendly and eager to help! I have been going to Mostardi's, Albrecht's, and Waterloo whole life and it's so nice to have an option in the city. (Greensgrow is also excellent, as is the Southwest Home Depot near BJ's) also I have a problem with mold on one of my indoor ferns and very helpful woman employee took a full15 minutes to research and patiently explain everything to me that I could do! You will never get that from any big box store! 

That being said I wish they had more options for decorative pots, hanging planters, and their terra-cotta pots are just a little too expensive.
This is a beautiful space with equally beautiful plants. I find the prices to be a little bit on the high side, but mostly I enjoy going there and window shopping and inhaling the sweet, fresh air from the plants. It's a beautiful addition to the neighborhood.
This is a great neighborhood plant store. I like the concept, I appreciate the organization / lay out, and there are some things that are really reasonably priced.  There are also somethings that are totally unreasonably priced.  It depends on what you are looking for / at.  I do appreciate just how close it is to my house, and the fact that every time I have been in there, I have found the service to be really friendly.  I think their staff seems pretty reasonable.  I'd go back. If nothing else, they have a REALLY GOOD selection of plants to buy! I don't know about all the other stuff though.
I love this place.  The prices are steep but the quality of the products is great.  I walk by here a lot and have a hard time not buying something every time.
Just a really cool place to be. They have hand-crafted macrame plant hangers, items to make your house cozy like candles and figurines, and of course a wide selection of plants! They even give away broken pots and clay and such for free; great for mosaic work or building a little display. I love that they're open for indoor browsing during COVID, too. Not because they're irresponsible or anything like that, but because they're in compliance with CDC regulations and allowed to be open is all. Not every place took the measures to make that happen!
I love this place for your local gardening needs. They have everything from plants to soil, and pots. They have the cute specialty stuff that sometimes you didn't even know you were looking for. They have many options for small and large out door areas. 2nd floor has the cutest greenhouse. It's quite humid but always can find the unique here
Urban Jungle has a great location, and the greenery it brings adds to the allure of East Passyunk Square. I've been here numerous times since I decided to have a garden this year. The selection is decent, and the service is friendly, but the prices are a little higher than I can find elsewhere. Overall, I'm glad to have this store in the neighborhood and I do find what I need here!
We are inexperienced gardeners, so simply being able to show up and describe what sort of thing we're looking for (to grow in planters on our sidewalk), and then be walked through a range of options and be given the pluses and drawbacks of each was great! I am excited about starting our little urban garden, and feel more confident in doing so!
Growing up, I worked at a enormous home & garden store out in the burbs. I'm used to big landscaping orders, trees, and plants destined for a life in a large yard. This spot is TOTALLY different than what I'm used to, but I love the way its selection caters specifically to an urban population. They've got what you need for a South Philadelphia home garden. 

The store itself is gorgeous, with twinkling lights over the entryway that draw you in. Inside, you'll find greenery fit for even the tiniest homes and backyards. I've been meaning to get into making little terrariums, and their selection of terrarium supplies is quite impressive. I have a feeling I'll be back soon to start my collection... Instead, I ended up with a hanging plant to add an easy splash of green to my place.  

My only quibble is that the plants ARE a bit overpriced, like on par with or even more expensive than what we used to charge wealthy suburbanites at my old store. However, I suppose I don't mind paying for the convenience factor at the end of the day since this place is so easy to get to for me. I also wish they had a bit more knowledge of orchids and a larger selection of orchid care items. The number one plant I see in almost every window in the neighborhood is orchids. And by the look of some of these suffering plants, many of us could use a little help with ours! Nevertheless, with the help of the internet for consultation and a rubber spacer to lift my plant slightly out of its pot, the staff members assisting me were able to advise me how to fix my own orchid issues. My first orchid didn't make it in the end, but I suspect my initial overwatering made it unsaveable. I've learned my lesson, I don't have the delicate orchid touch, but I'll be back to take advantage of their large selection of succulent plants in the near future.
This is a beautiful, unique place along Passyunk.  Their prices are a little higher than Lowes or Home Depot, but this is to be expected as they are a small, neighborhood business.

First of all, location, location, location!!!  They chose a great spot and provide a much needed service to this area in the city.  The place seems to be a slightly rehabbed garage that has stayed true to original architectual details such as the studio-like room and exposed brick.  An array of outdoor plants flock along the sidewalks upon entry.  Inside, beautiful garden-inspired baubles, fountains and decor, as well as seasonal elements are arranged throughout the space.  I definitely get the compulsion to buy! buy! buy! when I am there, and usually walk out with something.  

I love their philosophy too: DIY small space, urban gardens that you can do in the city to make it a greener, more beautiful place.  It is quite inspiring, although I admit, on a budget, I have taken some of these ideas and sought wares out from more affordable stores like Lowes (which makes me a bit of a hypocrite).  Still, this place is worth checking out.  It is even fun to go spend an hour and just look at their design options.  

Beautiful, beautiful place.
Remember Frank's Nursery and Crafts? I used to go there all the time as a kid and run around the plants and pretend I was in the jungle. The Frank's near me closed when I was a kid, and I have yet to find or see another one. One day I was walking past Urban Jungle with my husband, and I couldn't resist going in and looking at EVERYTHING. We settled on two terrarium plants and were advised by the associate how to get them started and how to take care of them. We put them in vases in our bathroom, and they have completely blossomed. After that good experience, i decided to try an herb garden, and some lettuce seeds, and some flowers. Everything I purchased from this store has grown and worked out. Most of the stuff I used to buy from other stores like Home Depot or Lowes die pretty fast, but everything I have gotten from UJ has lived (so far). It also helps that they talk to you about what you are buying and give you tips on care. I am really happy to have this place in walking distance from my home, and my patio has never looked better. 

In addition to a wide variety of herbs and annuals, they also have pots, seeds, candles, moss, decor, etc. Sales people are not pushy, and are very knowledgeable. And the prices are not astronomical, just remember that you are paying for a plant that has been well manicured and taken care of, which in turn makes your job of caring for it easier.
It's about time we South Philly urbanites had a place to go other than Lowe's or Home Depot to make our gardens and courtyards green!

They just opened in the last few months and I've been there 3 times.  I'd probably be there every week if my fiancee didn't (rightfully) keep me in check.  

Two constructive criticisms, both of which I've already seen improvement on since my first visit:

First, the staff is really friendly and want to be helpful, but they seem to be perpetually understaffed by at least one body, and the level of expertise among all the staff is too variant.  Need a couple more employees and a little more seasoning of the ones who know less about urban gardening.  They are getting there....

Second, the prices are pretty high.  I think if they augment their higher-end inventory with some more affordable stuff, specifically to encourage those starting out on their greening efforts, they'll attract a wider clientele and build a higher-end clientele for the future.

Can't wait to up them to 5 stars, because I get the feeling they are already on the same page as me re these pointers.
Mostly good for the ambience.  I like to walk around this store and browse, but the prices are ridiculously high so I rarely buy anything here.  For example I recently bought a bunch of eucalyptus at Trader Joe's for $4, and a similar bundle here was $20ish.  
The only time I would suggest looking here is if you are searching for a specific fancy plant (string of pearls, etc.) They do have some hard-to-find specimens available, so if price is not a concern, this could be a good spot for you.
Mostly good for the ambience.  I like to walk around this store and browse, but the prices are a bit high so I rarely buy anything here.  For example I recently bought a bunch of eucalyptus at Trader Joe's for $4, and a similar bundle here was $20ish.  
The only time I would suggest looking here is if you are searching for a specific fancy plant (string of pearls, etc.) They do have some hard-to-find specimens available, so if price is not a concern, this could be a good spot for you
We just stopped in this cute nursery! It was warm and welcoming! They are certainly spreading the holiday cheer while maintaining a COVID-19 safe experience. The staff were helpful and genuinely care about the plants. All the plants looked to be in good health and reasonably priced! We ended up with 2 by the time we left the store.
I have been here 3 times. And each time I've felt welcomed. Their selection is amazing. But if you do go here make sure you are seriously going to take care of your plants because they are a little pricey but worth it! I have gotten 3 plants and they are all healthy and thriving. I can't wait to return for more.
Super fun place with incredibly helpful employees!! The store is really cute inside with a nice variety of indoor and outdoor plants. The succulent offerings are really fun and unique. Urban Jungle has a great variety of planters and hangers for all different types of plants. The staff is outstanding and so knowledgeable!! The one employee helped us look for a specific planter while another employee helped explain how to best care for my new plant.
Given the neighborhood, I really expected this store to be a third of the size. But it's large and lofty and they play some nice music while you're shopping. Tons of containers to choose from and while yes, it's not the cheapest stuff in the world, you get what you pay for. (If you don't want to spend as much, get a plastic pot from Kmart.) It's not that the store is pricey, it's just that containers are expensive wherever you go.  Wool pockets available for vertical gardening too, great option for city living.

Staff was helpful and if they didn't know the answer to a question, fetched someone else to help.

Boutique-y places like this often have some hard-to-find plants. Would like to see more plants, but I was there in early spring, so maybe I'm jumping the gun a little.
