This post office is worlds better than it's counterpart up the hill on Ridge avenue (go there and do not expect to be out in under thirty minutes, even if you are the only customer in the building), plus you can apply for a passport here. Found at the upper end of Main street near the firehouse, it is a clean and bright location with pleasant and competent employees, it has a functioning AC system, and it actually has a parking lot underneath that is even serviced by an elevator (very clutch considering the PPA swarms down here like river rats). A bit farther away from my house than the Ridge ave. P.O, but after today's visit to main street I will never go to the Ridge location again.
Best postal workers ever!  Sure you'll wait in line for a decent chunk of time, but once you get to the front desk these guys have you covered.

You can expect friendly service with a smile and useful information - and no I'm not lying.  Did you know a small flat rate box will fit inside a flate rate envelope?  Not the most sustainable solution, but your goods get the protection of their free boxes and the reduced shipping rate of an envelope.  

They're always willing to compare prices and offer options for your shipping needs.  No frills, no fuss, no attitude.
DO NOT!! I repeat DO NOT go her and get your passport done!! Made an appointment 12:30 and went there just to hear the guy that does it goes to lunch at 12:30!!! Cashier tell me I can wait until he comes back at 2:30 but he may not do it!! Are you kidding me. Mind you they took my info when I made the appt and said I would be called an hour before to make sure I still can keep the appt and I hear nothing! Had been calling them since 12 and got no answer!! Called 10 Times!!  HORRIBLE! Go to the one on 1 Union Ave!! So much better
Alright, I experienced some of the best customer service of my life in this post office.  Ok - I might be exaggerating a bit.  Still, as Becca D has noted, wonderful employees cover this location.

Before I go to the service aspect of this review, its worth pointing out that this location is full service.  You can pack and ship, get a PO box, passport services, etc.  Their hours are rather standard, but also have time on Saturday if you can't fit them in during the week.  Remember, rates are based on destination zip code and weight  (outside of flat rate offerings).  You can get an idea on shipping costs ahead by checking out the USPS website.

Getting to that service bit.  I've twice come here a bit lost and confused about which method would be best (i.e. cheapest but safest) to get my package to its final destination.  The first time, as I scouted out boxes which I'd have to pay for, staff volunteered to help find me a 'free' box.  Rather than buy a box ($4) or go for the higher cost shipping of a flat rate box (none of which seemed to fit anyway), she advised me on the priority boxes available, helped estimate the cost ahead of packing, and even provided tape once we found a workable box. The second time was a different employee, which I knew now to ask, but went out of her way in a similar manner as well.

'Snail mail' may not be a method I use often in today's electronic age. Still, it is good to know when needed, the good old postal service can come through in the clutch!
Rudest post office I have ever been in! Luckily I'm moving to the main line so won't have to deal with them any longer. You ring the bell and wait ages for service, they speak to you like they are above you and they never have any priority shipping boxes.
If I did not have a P. O. Box here for over 25 years, I would never go in here. Used to love this post office with the old staff two years ago, unfortunately they retired.

The new folks are very rude, not knowledgeable and disrespectful. Do not waste your time at this post office! They know nothing about shipping internationally, cost me a return shipment which was over several hundred dollars, they claim they did nothing wrong. 

They failed to notify me of our business P. O. Box payment due, got only a late notice and told to pay a late fee of "22.00" BOGUS! I have never had an issue with a late payment until now.

Do yourself a favor and avoid them, hopefully they will hire folks who know what they are doing.
Staff is Hit or Miss, but usually more helpful, and want to help you get your item to the right place on time.   The scale is usually broken, but they will weigh it at the counter.  Free parking is a definite plus, thank you postmaster for this!   Wish they had longer Wed or  Saturday hours.
Very upset with an employee there. Simply went to get something post marked and she had the audacity to fat shame my 6 month old baby. She not only called my child overweight but continued to criticize that I fed him baby foods too early and ask what his pediatrician thinks about his weight. I do not recall it being part of post office employees job description to fat shame infants and judge my parenting skills.
