1. The Wagner Free Institute of Science is a free science and natural history museum! They are the oldest institution in the country devoted to the free and open education of adults and they work extremely hard to make this happen.

2. The Wagner offers free and timely lectures, programs and classes that feature experts and relevant topics. For example, today I heard an amazing talk on the puzzling disappearance of American pollen bees. 

3. The museum features an amazing collection of mineral and animal specimens on display in their original catalogued state in their extensive viewing room. Exceptionally educational and enlightening, I recommend a visit to the Wagner to anyone interested in discovering the secrets of naturalism, history and the wonders of the world.
Truly a "museum of a museum,"  The Wagner Free Institute houses a natural history collection virtually unchanged in its arrangement since 1891.  Established to provide free science education for the people of Philadelphia, the Institute pronounces its ethos as "not a reflection of the past, but the past itself, visible and vital."  A great commentary for sure, and with enticing events too:  The Institute recently sponsored "Science on Tap: The Origin and Evolution of Beer" (!!!) hosted by National Mechanics on January 11th...  Hoo boy.
One of the great, hidden gems of Philadelphia. Amazing place that combines local history, history of science, architecture (and architectural preservation), natural science, and community science education for adults and kids. Walk into the lecture hall, for example, and you'd think you're on a movie set (if it hasn't already been in the movies). The specimen collections - wow! - the antique glass cases, so 19th century. This place is a time machine on several levels simultaneously.

The only problem is the odd hours - no weekend hours? I understand that they sometimes have community events on weekends that are open to the public to tour. Check that out, if you're like me and didn't make it there literally for years because you can't find time during the work week.

They also have signs prohibiting photography, and perhaps it's flash photos they want to ban. But getting more images of their incredible collections out there on social media would do a lot to promote this organization and its mission.

And it's FREE, like in Wagner FREE Institute of Science! But make a donation!
This is a unique and truly memorable place.  Philadelphia has more than its share of unique museums (the Mutter, Chemical Heritage Museum, etc), but nothing is like this!  The Wagner had its origins during a time when scientific advancement was seen as enlightenment, opportunity, and insight into the human condition.  I don't know how this museum went untouched for 150 years - it's never been "modernized", "updated", or "refreshed".  It ran the risk of becoming irrelevant to modern ways of thinking about science, but it represents a unique way of learning about Victorian attitudes towards the natural world (kill it, stuff it, display it). 

The building is beat-up, but they're slowly rehabbing it in a sensitive and historically relevant manner.  I'm a scientist, but I found the Wagner more of interest for its architecture, history, and beauty than its scientific value.  The staff were very friendly and accommodating, even though I asked them a multitude of arcane questions.
The Daughter took us to the Wagner, a Victorian-era natural science museum just a few blocks from Temple University.

The museum hasn't changed much in 150 years. You'll see lots of odd things in cabinets with hand-written labels:  shells, minerals, fossils, insects, butterflies, birds, sponges, bones, and all the other things that captured the interest of scientists during the Victorian era. Darwin would have loved it.

This is a real treasure house and Philadelphia is lucky to have it. If you're visiting Philly for a few days (which we were), put it on your itinerary.
A real science museum that I never knew was here! Not a place for someone with a weak stomach. I love this place because it has so much collection of things from a science laboratory. Favorite place for a science nerd or just someone really inquisitive about life biology and other sciences.
This is a hidden (head North up Broad) FREE treasure that all should know about.  It has weird Science stuff - some of it creepy (Things embalmed in jars) and much of it old and historic in nature.

The Wagner is just $20 a year to join (they are free - but the donation really helps them stay around.).  They educate TONS of school kids every year - many from bad nabes in N. Philly.

They also had my daughter's preschool class up for a feild trip and they loved it.

The PHS (Pennsylvania Horticulture Society - aka the folks who produce the Flower Show) also offers several EXCELLENT lectures in conjunction with the Wagner each year.  If you are a PHS member - the lectures are FREE.  (And awesome!)
Taxidermy animals. Fossils. Skeletons. Extensive collection of shells, minerals, rocks, and crystals. All preserved in their original cabinetry from the mid-late 1800's, in a building that was designed by the architect of Philadelphia City Hall. This place is a gem!
It is awesome how well preserved this museum is.  It is like stepping into an actual Victorian Natural History Museum.  Well done in its preservation. Great collection of taxidermy, too.  Definitely worth the visit.  Well done to the staff and curators.
Intresting stuff. Hard to find though since there are two buildings with the same exact address on that block and my gps kept bringing me to the wrong place
Went with my 8 yr old today. Quite amazed by what I saw. Enjoyed the information on taxidermy and looking at specimens from all over the world. The place is quite well kept considering its age.  The  scavenger hunts were fun for adults and kids. Saw a group tour there during our visit. Would love to learn more about the history of the museum and its founder from their developing website. Made a small donation to gain membership status - look forward to taking a class and sitting in that cool lecture hall on the first floor. The staff were friendly too.
How did I not know this place existed? Way cool! It's FREE with suggested donation. It's a old building near Temple and upstairs is creepy cool. Taxidermy, skeletons, geodes. Very, very cool. There's a little gift shop and a lecture hall. There's a cute courtyard and parking was a cinch even on an event day which is when we went for Honey Bee Fest which was AWESOME!!! I will definitely be coming back her with my kiddos ages 4&6. They say ages 6 and up on their flyers but my 4 year old was fine. There is no photography which no one told me until AFTER the staff all stood around and watched me take a photo. 

Negatives: one very super rude Asian female employee which I guess I can overlook because the other staff was insanely friendly.  
The bathrooms weren't so great. Like I couldn't even go in. I'll give it a pass for the day and review agai when we go back because we had such a blast this time.
Unique museum filled with specimens of bugs, mammals, shells, fossils, sponges, minerals, fishes, crustaceans, and everything else in the natural world. All labeled by hand and displayed in glass cases. No WI-FI enabled tours, no electronic scenery setups, no remote anamatronic displays. If you like science stuff you could spend hours studying these collections. If science isn't your thing you will still enjoy this old building and unique institution for at least an hour or two. It's free, but one should donate something. 
Their lecture series are always well attended and so interesting. Peruvian mummies, global warming, bird crashes into windows, strange pathology findings, old lantern slides of philadelphia, beer and wine get togethers, solar eclipse viewing parties, Halloween lectures, etc. etc. check out the web site, wagnerfreeinstitute.org. Visit, Join, attend.
