Scoff if you must but I just shot a 94, which is a big improvement over my 110 average of last year. 

Walnut Lane isn't exactly a hard or long course, but the tight lanes and heavy surrounding woods cause the slice-prone shooters like myself have a tough time of it. Mix in my three putt nature and you get the 32 above par I just picked up. Besides, anyone can shoot well on the vast fairways and pristine greens of private clubs, but let's see you sink a thirty foot put over a green that's recently been aerated and has three different bald spots directly in your line. 

The lane is a city course, meaning funding is tight, so pointing out the flaws is like whacking a pinata without a blindfold. Just know that, when a place doesn't have the divot replacement bottles on the sides of their carts or a collard shirt enforcement policy, you can pretty much do anything you want while you're out there swinging. Coolers in the cart basket are a common sight (as are nail biting golf cart bumper car chases, many resulting in overturned or runaway vehicles) 

With ten par threes and eight par fours, this course is a great local spot to work on your irons, and there are still a few holes to open up with the lumber. No water hazards, but a couple tee shots are over valleys to a higher elevation green, and the greens of the back eleven all seem to be protected; too short and you'll be on the beach, too long and you're on safari. 

Fees aren't too high here, ranging from $17 after 1PM on weekdays for walking to $38 for riding on the weekends. Come after three during the week and, with the $22 ride and play super twilight rate, you might just be able to afford twice as many outings a year. For those with Tiger juniors in tow, the rock bottom price of five bucks is all it costs to get them a round. 

Coming to the lane will not only reward you with a good game of golf, but you will also get to experience the lush scenic marvel that is the Wissahickon Valley. Do not take this unique advantage lightly, for major talks and heated debates have been afoot in the 'Borough these last few years, with the end result aimed at the development of this beautiful land and destruction of this 70 year old landmark. Your round could be the round that saved a tradition...

P.S.- There has always been a practice green, but now a net sits next to it for you to drive balls into as you await your tee time. Also, what I believe is a chipping practice area is located behind the seventh green.
Walnut Lane is my absolute favorite public golf course within the city limits. It is carved out of the edge of the Wissahickon Valley, and can sometimes stun you with devastatingly gorgeous views. Many people like flat, open courses (probably because they lose less balls there). I say play straight and if you lose a few along the way, chalk it up as the price to pay for playing as in the woods as you can get and not be playing frisbee golf. 

As others have noted, the course itself is not particularly hard or long (though if you go cartless, the hills will make the walk more than challenging enough). As a city course, it's also not maintained or groomed to the standard of private clubs, but there's something to be said for the element of wildness to the place and they actually do a darn good job of keeping it up with no budget and few staff. That said, it's the perfect place to hone your game and the "nice walk" actually is a nice walk even though it includes wonderful natural terrain challenges like hills and valleys and doglegs and creeks! If golf is more of a leisure sport than internal competition for you and your friends, Walnut Lane is easy enough and shaded enough that you can take your time and have a few beers while you play-- just let the serious, old men who frequent the course play through and you'll be fine :) 

Prices are steep for a public course, but these days the city's so broke we're lucky they haven't sold it off yet (and they tried last year-- pretty darn hard, too). One of the only things that bothers me is that the Weekend Season Pass does not include Fridays, but if you come in on a Friday they charge you weekend prices. That sucks-- I know they need to make money, but you shouldn't be able to have it both ways... Despite this one flaw, I LOVE Walnut Lane and always will... I think you'll like it, too...

Fees:
Cart: $10
Weekday : $24 ; after 1pm $19 ; after 3pm $19
Weekend: $30 ; after 1pm $25 ; after 3pm $20

Info:
Par: 62
Championship: 4,509 59.9/91
Regulation: 4,271 59.9/91
Forward: 4,069 59.9/91
Hazards: 14 Bunkers, Grass Bunkers, 1 Creek & a variety of Trees
I just want to preface this with the fact that this is pretty much the golf course where I learned to play the game. That was 10 years ago and the course was in great condition. 

I just played here this past Friday and I have to say course was in poor condition. There were weeds growing out of the bunkers, the greens were terribly inconsistent, the grass in general was long and had a lot dirt spots. ( I have included pictures). 

We played after 3pm on a Friday, so the cost was only $20. Even with that price I was still dissapointed. They have recently increased their prices to 41 dollars on weekends. With that increase I hope they bring the course back to the great conditions of years past. 

I will only come back to the course if I'm trying to squeeze in a couple of holes after work or if they somehow upgrade the conditions.
I'm kind of a snob anymore when it comes to golf. I like green grass, deeper bunkers, full greens with no dead spots etc. 

Walnut Lane wins as far as the city courses go. Its not the biggest one but its the one that stays in the best shape all year long. Its always in good shape in the spring (like most courses) but as the hotter weather comes it can get a little bald. There are a lot of trees on this course and I honestly think that's what helps the course at least stay green and not get completely burnt out by August.  

If you are not great at controlling where your ball goes bring a lot of them...you will lose balls. The crowd is the jeans and tee's type. I honestly don't care but some people get their panties in a bunch over this. 

The price is ok. I usually prefer the winter over the summer because  the summer price is $48. That is way to much for this course when you can go to Jeffersonville (Norristown) for $45 and play a much much better course. 

The best city course in Philly but still not my favorite.
This was the worst experience I have ever had on a golf course.  I went to play a round by myself and I found that the first five holes I had played (and the only 5) all had greens with the sprinklers on.  I could not approach one single green, so essentially I didn't even play golf.  I decided to go inside to see if I could get my money back because it was absurd.  The director of golf claims that he does not do refunds of money, and he could only give me a hand-written note to come back and play on another day.  He and the staff were unsympathetic and short with me.  I am pretty livid about it, so I would stay away from this course at all costs.  Good business for my hard earned money, thanks.
Walnut Lane is a Municipal Course owner by the City of Philadelphia. Just like other parts of the city, they have something beautiful and are just letting it go to waste. 

The course was expertly laid down so it winds through the Wissahickon Creek Valley of Fairmount Park and offers absolutely wonderful vistas.

Unfortunately the maintenance of the course is terrible. There are cart paths so rutted and broken we actually got stuck on the path. 

The golfers run the full range of people you'll ever see on a course. It will from the guy in jean shorts and a wife beater swinging his driver like a baseball bat to a scratch golfer who just came over from his private club to enjoy the layout from foursome to foursome. 

If someone who would take care of the course ever took it over, they could have a wonderful course with just a little TLC and a dress code.
Just awful in every way. The course is in terrible condition - tee boxes hard as rock, fairways full of bare spots and weeds, bunkers that are barely recognizable as such, greens a mess. The woods, which press up close to many of the fairways, are FULL of poison ivy, so don't even think about going in even a few feet to look for an errant ball. I was paired up with a Korean guy, and was embarrassed for my country. It's a shame, because the park setting could make for a nice little course, if it were even minimally manicured.

This all might be excusable if the greens fees were discounted relative to comparable munis in the suburbs. But they are not. Somebody must be making a ton of money on this place because they're obviously not putting any into the course. The only way to play this course is to sneak on for free.
I figured this would be the perfect place to bring my buddy - who is just learning how to play.  He can get the club on the ball, knows how to putt so the next step is to actually get out there, right?  Over to Walnut lane, a course I've played many times with tempered expectations - though I seem to have a worse time each time out.  Getting to play 18 holes of golf here for $20 is definitely getting what you pay for.

Needless to say, he wasn't that impressed with the place and I am becoming less and less so as each day passes.  I wont even get into the fact that the greens are wildly inconsistent from front 9 to back, the lack of a crosswalk between the 7th and 8th holes and that the fairways, and that you have to play winter rules 100% of the time. A good shot down the fairway is rewarded for hitting a clump of grass and craggedly bouncing every which way.  The bunkers have weeds growing in them and nobody bothers to rake them.

to my surprise, last Friday, I saw a ranger out and though he was going to speed up the couple of 4-somes in front of me since it was REEEALLY SLOW.  I ended up skipping a few holes and the culprit was a 3-some full of teenagers, one of them barefoot playing bumper cars with the carts and doing donuts in the fairway.  All the ranger seemed to care about was hawking for golf balls.  

Having a decent, friendly course doesn't really require much at all - a clubhouse that gives out green repair tools, puts sand in the carts for repairing the fairways and has their rangers actually patrol the course for slow play should be easy and just about free.
