Of all the times I've driven throughout the north-east, both in summer of 2016 and winter of 2017, I can't believe I haven't reviewed this bridge yet. So here it is, ladies and gentlemen:
I drove through this bridge as I was driving from Philadelphia International Airport to New Jersey. The bridge is a few minutes drive, and over the river that makes up the state border. There is a toll heading one way, but not the other. 
Although there were plenty of other cars on the bridge the few times I crossed it this last trip, I never encountered any delays in my commute. The traffic flowed smoothly, no matter how many cars were sharing the bridge with me.
The bridge also makes for some good photos, if you dare take photos while driving. The weather was gloomy, as it was winter. But it was still a beautiful sight driving under the tall pillars of this bridge. And it was not as dangerous as I thought, as I heard that bridges freeze faster than roadways. I guess I lucked out as far as weather goes here.
This is pretty cool bridge that we traveled over going from Philadelphia over to New Jersey. It was a nice shade of green it was a pretty good bridge I like Walt Whitman and I like his stories so overall good bridge to visit and see
If you are a dude and you tell a lot of jokes, then you have a great Wit, man. This has nothing to do with that. And the views from here are no joke.

The Walt Whitman Bridge is not one of my favourites, as you can imagine. It's kind of expensive to get across it, although not like expensive as in New York. And it costs $5, or at least it did last time - it was $3 probably the first time I crossed it.

It's a little treacherous in the rain but it's pretty. I like it. It's white and thick, sort of like me. It's not as smooth and clean (like me again) to cross as the other one down the river, but I still love it.

If it was cheaper, I'd give an extra star. Nobody likes it as much as the Ben Franklin, and it's not as pretty either. The views are better over there.
It's a bridge and it takes you to Philadelphia. Or jersey depending on which way you are going. There is a cost associated with taking this bridge and it's $5. When I was growing up it was $3 but due to inflation and pure greed they now charge $5. It is named after Walt Whitman.

The Walt Whitman Bridge is a suspension bridge across the Delaware River connecting Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Gloucester City, New Jersey.
You can't cross this thing till you come to it.

We were heading back to DC from ACY and once again used our handy dandy EZ pass to expedite things.

Of course it was a Sunday so we zoomed over. But people in the car were like "is this the way we came?" Duh. When we came up, it was snowing and sleeting out. Yes, it is the same way we came.  Another person in the car was like "what city is that?"

Why I oughta. While the travelling partners were not all that in terms of memory, I am a fan of this bridge.
Four stars for the bridge that got me out of New Jersey, which is a plus. However, a $5 toll for a bridge seems to be a bit much.

But it's Walt Whitman and so here are his words:
And you that shall cross from shore to shore years hence are more to me, and more in my meditations, than you might suppose.
Philadelphia's "other" bridge. I feel I only take the Walt Whitman when there's unusually high traffic on the Ben Franklin Bridge or I'm driving during an off hour.

Entering New Jersey, you face the brunt of traffic leading into Route 76 and the backup of 42. The thought of shore traffic on the Walt makes my stomach churn. Entering Philly, you can get slammed with traffic on 95 or 76. This is the closest bridge to the stadium area so beware of traffic from sporting events and concerts. 

From a preference standpoint, I think the views from the Ben are nicer than the Walt.  It is nice having both bridge options that will essentially get you to the same place. What can I say? I love my Ben.
The view of the Philly skyline is gorgeous coming over from NJ!! Love this bridge cause it got me to the NJ aquarium quickly when I was volunteering and has taken me to amazing concerts at the Amphitheater.
They are doing work on the bridge so expect delays especially during rush hour. Traffic moved well for us being lunchtime and not rush hour. When we went over earlier they had the machine out moving the center median to allow for another lane going into Jersey.
Ahh, the Walt.  As someone who holds a very useless but fun degree in American Literature, I have never been able to stop giggling over the mere existence of a bridge named for Walt Whitman.  Then again, I am from Long Island, and those from that area know that there is, indeed, a Walt Whitman Mall, so it's my general impression that when all is said and done, Walt may have had a future in marketing had he not been a poet.

The Ben Franklin is the default bridge in Philadelphia, it seems, so the Walt is usually less crowded, and easier to get through.  From South Jersey, the Walt gets you to the stadiums and airport much quicker.   And the views are almost identical to those of the Ben!
I can't believe I am writing a review for a bridge, but I am.  I travel this bridge often during MLB season as it is close to CBP and other stadiums in Philadelphia.  

It seems to always be under construction, but there is never a delay getting across into Phila.  I've only experienced aggravating delays or stopped traffic going back into NJ.  

Hmmmm ... coincidence?
It's not my favorite bridge and it pales in comparison to the Ben, but when traffic sucks, Mr. Walt gets the job done. I rarely hit jams here and it's so easy to access my area of South Jersey from the base.

It's just a reliable bridge and a good alternative to having a panic attack on the Vine. And now that I've rated several bridges, I really having nothing more to add.
I've been on the bridge many times. The first time I was on this bridge was back in 2007 when I was visiting family in South Jersey. (I was living in West Michigan at the time). The bridge is nice, this the bridge that is close to the sports stadiums, you get a nice view of the city and this is bridge into South Philly, West Philly, South St.
Ok. Crazy my third review of a bridge, the other two were San Francisco and Seattle, WA.  Who knew it would happen? Not me. I digress. A large green suspension bridge, the WW bridge, was named after a poet. It had friendly toll takers which makes a difference when you have to give up your money ($5 westbound) or put up with traffic. The road of the bridge were bumpy at times but maintenance was good overall. It gives you great access to Philly from NJ or great entrance point to NJ from PA. Also called I-76, the bridge has seven lanes. The signs are pretty clear but continuing construction and the busyness of it add different headaches.  Views are pretty and interesting. Lots of older type businesses, views of stadiums and Philly in the distance. If you need to cross the Delaware it is gets you there.
Leaves of grass?

How about a pain in my ass?

If you're coming onto this bridge from the south via 95 the merge area as you get onto the bridge is totally lame.  It really forces 2-3 lanes of traffic over in a short space.  Once all the merging is completed, I guess it's not awful, but there's something about this bridge I don't like.  

Can't put my finger on it, but I don't trust it.

The only good thing about it is that when you're crossing it going east, at least you're leaving Philadelphia.
If I'm in town and the Franklin isn't accessible due to heavy traffic the ole Whitman always comes through. Don't get me wrong this bridge has its share of traffic and backups but quite often moves more smoothly.
Beautiful infrastructure design.
Beautiful. Small back up on there today though but it was minor. Just really a proud looking bridge.
Yea good ole Walt.. Out of the bridges this is second .. sorry Walter, but Ben has it.. 
Great view coming in from the Jersey side, you have the downtown view leading into center city, on your right and on the left you have  the stadiums.. which also at night when everything is lit up it just captures Philly. 

This is a great bridge if you just want to get into South Philly, has plenty of access points all the way up to the Passyunk exit, less hectic than good ole Benny Baba. Easy route to the airport , and also it will lead you into university city and 30th St Station. Easy access points to any games/events that is going on that evening.  

The traffic is always free flowing(minus any events going on at the stadiums) they do a good job in keeping it that way; plenty of tolls and Eazy pass lanes.They have been doing alot of remodeling on this bridge, trying to make it better.Try not to get  disgusted with the looks of the bridge.. trust me there is another bridge out there that is the little stepbrother to these other more accomidating bridges.
