I much prefer the quiet peacefulness of Washington Square Park to our other famous Philly park. It's sprawling, with plenty of grass for a picnic, lots of trees for shade, and gorgeous scenery in every direction. 

You also can't beat being so close to Talula's Daily, in case you need a quick and easy lunch to go, or even just an afternoon pick-me-up in the form of a coffee or treat.
I just love parks and nature! Their like my besties in the whole wide world lol. Some parks and most nature just bring peace and serenity to my being and Washington State Park is one of them.

A great place to visit to get some steps in and to also just walk and explore. This park has many easy walking paths which connects to different streets amongst center city. They also have historical information about George Washington and the soldiers that fought in the revolutionary war as well. The park also offers benches to just either sit,each lunch or just relax and enjoy a beautiful day. I often like to sit in the bench and read a book that I got from the library nearby.

Overall lots of trees and nature is here at Washington State Park!
I have to pull the curve up on this one!  I would rather sit at Washington Square Park than Rittenhouse ANY day.  This is because I prefer to minimize the number of crazy people around me.  You see, Washington is substantially less crowded and thus has substantially fewer weirdos who can be more easily avoided.  You know who I'm talking about, so let's hear it for personal space!

It seems like any time the temperature passes 50, there's not a free bench to be had at Rittenhouse.  When I hang out in a park, I don't want to hear people's conversations or be run over by dogs and frisbee players.  Plenty of folks populate Washington when it's nice out, but they aren't all on top of each other.

Washington has beautiful grounds and that other garden to the northeast, less car and foot traffic, and more quiet.  No, you will not feel comfortable here at midnight, but I wouldn't hang out at Rittenhouse at midnight either.  From picnics to reading books, Washington gets my vote!
Decided to stop here in Washington Square Park and enjoy a bit of nature on my walk down Walnut Street, heading toward Society Hill. It's actually a lovely little park, very calming, much quieter than its neighbors. It might be my favorite park to visit when I'm in the area. I find it more pleasant than Rittenhouse, and definitely less crazy than Love Park aka JFK Plaza. 

If you've read any of the other reviews, you know that this park was once used as a cemetery. Or, I guess I should say it still is a cemetery. There's a beautiful Revolutionary War Soldier monument in the park that is a nice place to reflect and maybe read up on the history (like I did). Actually, there are a lot of plaques scattered around the park that you can read to find out all about the park's history, the area, and so on. It's pretty cool.

Also, the Moon Tree is here! Where else can you find a tree that has been up in space?! That alone is worth a visit.
I walked through this park a handful of times on a recent visit since my hotel was nearby. Great space, always felt safe even after dark. Family vibes, peaceful and relaxing.
You know that a park might just be haunted when it has a tomb of an unknown soldier smack dab in the middle of it. seriously though, one of the main things you'll instantly notice when you read all the historical signs in the park is how much war history took place in it. and for a place that has so much history, it's not always very clean or inviting. it has a lot more concrete then grass too.
it's still a great place to sit back, relax with a good book, and take in some people watching. it's just that everything this park does, Rittenhouse Square does better.
Our first day in Philly we didn't get to visit some of the historic buildings because we didn't make it there in time. We saved those for another day. In the meantime, we walked around to check out other things. Washington Square Park was one of those destinations.

This place isn't as creepy as it should be. This square served as a burial ground for revolutionary soldiers and yellow fever victims. With the beauty that this park flaunts, you'd never guess that you're sitting, walking, running, walking your dog, having a picnic, or whatever else you're doing above dead people! 

The trees provide plenty of shade and this square didn't seem as crowded as other squares we visited. There is also a George Washington statue with an eternal flame commemorating an unknown soldier. 

If you visit Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell, you have to take the short walk to this square. It's too close and peaceful not to.
I used to walk through this park everyday when I went to college and lived on South Street. There is usually a small pack of children running around around, cute from afar and potentially underfoot when trying to get across. There aren't very many crazies or homeless people, I don't think I was ever asked for money.

Even though I have heard rumors that there are hookers here at night, I never saw any. For some reason I'm slightly disappointed by that, probably because I think the park doesn't have as much personality as Rittenhouse.
Diagonally southwest of Independence Hall, Washington Square is one of five grand public parks originally conceived by William Penn. Until 1800, however, it was primarily a cemetery for African-Americans and for veterans of the Revolutionary War. The square began a redesign in 1815 that culminated in its 1825 rededication as Washington Square.

These days, the most notable reference to Washington is a sculpture at the west side of the park that also doubles as a memorial and Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. The square itself is anchored by a large fountain in the middle and serves as a pleasant, open expanse where folks cross diagonally and can view plaques or relax at benches scattered around the premises. For me, it was an easy way to cut from one neighborhood to another.
I saw more of Rittenhouse Sq during my trip, and only passed through Wash Sq en route to South Street. Too bad it was already dusk; it would have been nice to linger since it was much quieter. Guess it was too early in the evening to find out if 'street walkers' loiter here.

Immediately after my friend said his other visitors expected him to know volumes of Philly trivia, he ante'd up and told me: bodies upon bodies of (Revolutionary War) soldiers were buried here. I'd never know if it wasn't for the monument and eternal flame on site. It is a very peaceful spot, full of green trees and grasses, amidst several glass & concrete skyscrapers.
its so cool with crazy history of bodies of soldiers burried and stacked on top of each other. it is a very peaceful spot. pretty. good people watching. not much activity here as the other parks. no performers or artists. but lots of cool dogs and people just relaxing getting a little nature in the middle of high rise buildings. its one of my "happy places"
If you are walking to Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell (which is across the street from each other), it is possible that you will walk through Washington Square Park, as it is across the street from Independence Hall. 

On a Friday afternoon, a little before 5 pm, my husband and I walked through here with our little girl dog. We saw plenty of other dog owners walking their 4 legged companions here too, which makes sense since there is so many open spaces of grass for your pooch to mark their territory, run around and have fun. But in addition to the large size of this park, there are a handful of historical landmarks around here that include the Tomb of the Unknown Revolutionary War Soldier with George Washington's statue and an eternal flame and a moon tree. 

Not familiar with the moon tree? Well in 1971, Apollo 14 launched to the moon and took tree seeds into space. Then the seeds were distributed to numerous of states to plant them all around the world. There are moon trees all over the US and few selected countries like Italy and Brazil. 

In the middle of the park is a large fountain which is a great place to take photos, see my photo of our little girl dog. Isn't she just so photogenic? 

I like that this park does have benches, a lot of shade and just so lush in general. 

Definitely worth a stop on your adventures if you are visiting the city of brotherly love for the first time.
This is a very nice park. My first time there, I ran into a man who was feeding the birds. He was very nice and told me a little history about the unknown soldier and other historical facts. Not sure how busy the park gets, but it wasn't loud or full of people when I visited (which I enjoyed).

I noticed a lot of dog-walkers as well as a small group of people playing instruments for those strolling through the park. Nice walking distance to the Liberty Bell and to South Street. Definitely visiting here again!
when i worked on the square, my favorite part of the day was my lunch hour where i would take to the park. unlike it's much more popular cousin, rittenhouse square, washington square is more low key and quiet. i hardly see any freaks trying to sneak a peek up girls' shorts or "artists" begging for change. you can even grab a bench and not have to share it with someone smoking cloves! 

one warning though: if you don't like children, avoid this park around 11-2... there are a ton of them left mostly unsupervised while their teachers, day care workers, nannies smoke cigarettes or talk on their cell phones.

this park still has enough of the people watching that i love about rittenhouse square (there is a group of elderly people who do thai chi here in the mornings, so cute) but without the stench of overcrowding and creepies!
Washington Square Park is another incredibly special and historical park within Philadelphia that is a must-visit if you're coming through town. It's a beautiful park with plenty of well-manicured lawn space to spread out and enjoy a quiet picnic or benches to sit and relax. 

This park also has a very somber history as it pays homage to the lives lost during the Revolutionary War and there is also an eternal flame honors the high price paid by soldiers in the name of freedom. The moon tree is also there which is really cool. If you're not really familiar with what a moon tree is, it's the tree grown from seeds taken to the Moon in 1971 by astronaut (and former U.S. Forest Service smokejumper) Stuart Roosa on Apollo XIV.

Definitely a must-visit as you go through the walking path of the history of Philadelphia.
Ever since I moved to Philly, this park has always been my favorite. Even now that I live in Rittenhouse have learned to love that park as well, Washington Square will always hold a special place in my heart. Here's why:

1. I love that it is more open and less manufactured.
2. If you want to take a blanket to hang out, there are plenty of spaces to choose from. You don't have to be on top of your neighbor on a nice day.
3. I love the big dogs that are always around. 
4. If you want a bench to hang out on - you can probably find one without taking laps around the park.
Feeling envious that New York beat Philadelphia to a city-wide bike sharing program? Me too. One way to feel better is to spend some time in beautiful Washington Square Park. A place that combines open and shaded green space and history like no place in New York.

On one of my first visits to Philadelphia from New York I walked from Market East to Society Hill. The walk until Washington Square Park is a mixed bag. When you approach the square from Walnut and 8th a beautiful urban scene unfolds as you walk through: people of all ages enjoying a beautiful day, children chalking brick walkway surrounding the fountain, people lying on the grass, sitting on the benches or walking. Dogs are playing with their owners. 

I once took my cat in a cat stroller through Washington Square Park. He seemed to enjoy it.

What I also love about the park is its' dignified incorporation of our history and the sacrifice so many have made for us. Next time you are there take a look at the flags, the Washington statue, the tomb of the unknown soldier and the eternal flame. A very fitting memorial in the shadow of Independence Hall. 

I am happy that Washington Square Park was one of my first Philadelphia experiences. If you have a friend visiting I suggest getting slices and/or sandwiches from Blackbird Pizzeria just three blocks away and then enjoying them in the square.
I always think of this place as "the park with dead people in it" because of all the plague victims buried in it. I'm absolutely fascinated by that aspect of history, so of course Washington Square Park holds a special allure for me (especially around Halloween, but really any time of year). 

This is a very nice park because the paths are nice and wide so you can stroll without feeling like a jogger is going to run you over, or jog without wanting to run over casual strollers that get in your way. There are plenty of benches to sit on and eat lunch or people watch, as well as grassy expanses to throw a blanket and read or do homework.
The best thing: Starr's restaurant and El Fuego.

This park lacks the spark it's more popular peer, Rittenhouse, has that keeps people coming back.

I think because it is so shady because of all the buildings. Also, there aren't many "shops/restaurants" right on it's borders for people to be passing it in the day. This is a park that basically serves as a view for the buildings around it. So if you're looking for a picnic, etc. this isn't your place.
If you're not looking to people-watch, want some peace and quiet, and some space to sprawl out, Washington Square is your place. Way less crowded than Rittenhouse, I come here when I'm trying to get some reading or homework done. I find it cleaner and quieter, too. Wierdo count is waay higher at Rittenhouse, no one has ever approached me here ever.
Similar to Rittenhouse in terms of trees, shade, and places to sit. But there isn't much going around the park, so I don't happen to go there very often. The military shrines around it don't make it particularly welcoming to a man of peace, like myself. But I think it's OK.
Not knowing my new neighborhood very well, I sort of wandered into Washington Square Park one morning on my way to the bus. There were a dozen or so people of varying ages walking their dogs on the grass, and another half dozen more old Asian folks doing Tai Chi. I read the inscription on the monument and looked a little further into the park at home.

As it turns out, this park lies on what used to be a pasture and burial ground in the 1700s. They still find remains of people when they work on the surrounding infrastructure. There's apparently at least one ghost, a woman who keeps an eye on the park in the nighttime.

But mostly, it's a beautiful park, quieter than Rittenhouse and a stone's throw from Independence Hall. Look for me and my lovely lady on a picnic blanket here very soon.
Cool historical open-air park just a walk from Independence Hall. It is mostly for those who happen to be strolling that way, like a place for rest and relaxation. I didn't realize how much historical significance this spot had, besides just the  markers. Like I wasn't aware the first human air flight took place there in 1793. The park is part of Independence National Historic Park, so you gotta check it out!

Also, be sure to visit the Tomb of the Unknown Revolutionary War Soldier part. It's a very touching part, as you'll see a statue of George Washington and an eternal flame. It is not known at the moment how many soldiers are buried beneath the park, but the tomb is a reminder of those who gave up everything for the United States.
TL;DR - PokemonGo hot spot

After you get done seeng the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall, there's a park nearby where PokemonGo players can rest their feet and enjoy a slice of video game heaven.

I hope you brought your battery pack because you can get stuck here all day catching Pokemon.  There are no less than 10 Pokestops in this small park. Many of which constantly seem to have lures on them all the time.

Minimal bums to bother you
Plenty of benches and shady area
A lot of pokemon nerds like myself
Lovely park.  Ignore the duck tour going by to the east.  Enjoy the eternal flame.  When it's too cold for the fountain it becomes a child corral.  If you need some food go to el fuego and bring those chips over.

If you don't have a deck and need a lovely place to bask outside, Wash West is your place!
I love that I can walk here on a pleasant day on my lunch break.  It's very user friendly with plenty of seating, beautiful greenery, and not much city noise. You can actually hear birds chirping! On a hot summer day, the breeze cooled by the fountain square is an added plus.

There is a particular corner that I like to hang out in - I bring my lunch, my book and I can while away a pleasant 45 minutes here.  

People can bash Philly all they want, but I've encountered nothing but nice folks on my visit here - a little hello here or there, a half mile, all pleasantness so far.
An underrated park indeed. It needs more love. Go give it a big hug!
It's a lot more quiet than rittenhouse. go here if you want some peace and quiet. go to rittenhouse to socialize.
Future Scientists of America watch out!
I got two new members for you.
As I walked through the park today I overheard two kids talking.
They were sitting on top a small snow bank and eating snow.
Not only were they eating snow, but they were providing a scientific analysis of what they tasted.
"Mmmmm, fluoride."?
Nothing fancy.
Great inner city park, lots of seating.
Good for the dogs, kids.
Grateful to sit and relax a bit.
I work 4 blocks from WS and we walk here every day when it's nice to sit and eat lunch outside. This is a beautiful and sometimes, forgotten park. It really does not get as much hype or visibility as Rittenhouse, but it really is a good sized, beautiful park. I think the fact there's less hype makes it easier to get around because there are less people. Definitely a great destination for hanging out, bringing your dog, or just basking in the sun. Also, if you come at lunch time there is often a 'Boot Camp' style excercise class going on- and it is pretty hilarious to watch (it's also kinda inspires you to get up and do something too!)
Yesterday I walked by WSP and there were wimpy people and/or high schoolers hitting each other with pillows. Not sure if this is a common occurrence or what.
In comparison to Rittenhouse Square Park, WSqP reminds me more of true European squares where people are present yet don't crowd the place. Many people say that there are a lot of freaks there and all I have to say is that they are everywhere, in every square in every city in the world. They don't bother you so stop judging and enjoy the peace and quiet of this park.
The alleys here seem wider than Rittenhouse, the memorial and the flags are a nice touch that are supposed to bring more humility to the people. 
Overall a nice place to sit and read a book or just gather one's thoughts.
A beautiful park but sadly a short walk. If the walk was longer I wouldnt leave. I would recommend giving your respects to THE TOMB OF THE UKNOWN SOLDIER. Yes there is a tomb im not lying.
I jog through this park every night and I always pass other people either walking their dogs, hanging out, working out, etc. It is for sure a toned down version of Rittenhouse but I really do love this place. You'll never feel crowded and it is close to some wonderful restaurants.
This was such a gorgeous park and such an awesome place to walk through.  It is also a really historical place as well.  With the tomb of the unknown solider in the middle and a nice monument to George Washington it is a very nice site to visit.  There seems to be a lot of garbage cans therefore there is less litter than you would expect there isn't non but people can really be a**holes sometimes.  There is more then enough seating everywhere they are clean and inviting as is the park.  Another great part about this place is it isn't a place that you are going to walk through and run into homeless people and pan handlers.  This sounds very callous I know but, when you run into them on every street it is sad but, also sometimes it is a really nice to just get away from the reality of the world as it is an enjoy nature kick back breathe in some fresh air and realize there are still nice things in this world to enjoy.  It is not only important to have that but, when you have a place as gorgeous as this to do so you really want to come back and enjoy it.  Bring friends a date hell go yourself and enjoy.
Don't tell Rittenhouse, but I think Washington Square is the prettiest park in Center City, with its lovely old sycamores and wide green lawns. It's quieter and more peaceful than Rittenhouse, and I love the eternal fire and the signs about the park's history, which help connect us to the city's rich past as we rush around thinking about work and what we need at the grocery store.
National park w natural beauty. A great spot to people watch, picnic with friends, or walk your dog ( lots of a scarce commodity in Philly, trash cans). I'm a fan of nature and neighbors, both of which you can enjoy in this locale. Check out the scupture of "the financiar of the American revolution," and other national landmarks, while munching on lunch al fresco, and chatting with your neighbors and tourists alike.
What a cool park. I wandered through on my way to lunch and made sure I returned later in the day. 

WSP has a really mellow vibe (void of homeless, panhandlers and rif-raf) and contains an awesome monument to George Washington and the unknown soldier.

I enjoyed watching sightseers, dog walkers and kids playing.  I enjoyed it so much, I may return tomorrow to relax on a bench.

A great place to chill out and take in the sights and sounds.

4.5 stars.
A nice green space - which is sorely needed - in Center Ciyt.  It may not be as well known as Rittenhouse Square - but it is a fine park and lots of cool stores and restaurants are in the surrounding area.
For some reason Washington Square lacks the romanticism which embodies Rittenhouse.  I see WS as the middle child in the family of Parks in Philadelphia, as it is need of attention and often forgotten about.  While very similar to Rittenhouse in appearance,  the surrounding buildings and streets  do not create the same prestige shadow.  And even on the sunniest of days there always seems to be a hue of gray throughout the park.

Washington Square is not a place I would go to relax, play Frisbee, watch people, or do anything really.
There was a time when this park meant a lot to me and my daily activities, and that time has passed.

Today, I see it, and while it looks beautiful in the autumn, I really don't go out of my way to make time and stop... whereas Rittenhouse and Fitler Square always pique my interest impromptu.

I'm glad it's here, as it adds dimension and value to the Olde City-scape, but for where I get my jollies, it's passe.
Don't forget, as you sit on a bench squirrel watching and eating a bagel (Knead is nearby) that beneath you feet rest the remains of thousands upon thousands of freed slaves, yellow fever and small pox victims, prisoners of war starved to death by the British and Revolutionary War soldiers who died for what we take for granted.
A nice stop along the historic route in Philly.

Well maintained, but nothing too special.
Come for the park, stay for the memorial, a beautiful memorial with an everlasting flame honoring the fallen soldiers in the Revolutionary War. 

There's a poignant phrase above it: 

"Freedom is a light for which many men have died in darkness."

5 stars.
If you're looking for a "scene," go to Rittenhouse Square.  If you're looking for a more low-key spot to relax, go to Washington Square.  Washington Square gets my vote because it's a beautiful green space with plenty of benches, walkways, and grassy spots to satisfy anyone looking for a quiet stroll, a calm spot to read, or a scenic spot to picnic.  And it lacks the more annoying aspects of Rittenhouse (loud outdoor seating at adjacent restaurants filled with people wanting to be seen, kids being ignored by their parents, panhandlers, crazy homeless people, and a constant cacophony of musicians and performers emitting dissonant sounds all at once).

Plus, it's close to the historical part of Old City, and it has a nice monument near the fountain in the center of the park.  Put simply, it's just an all-around great park.
A beautiful and historic location dating from the revolutionary war and getting better everyday. Soldiers from the revolution, slaves, a potters field and Philadelphians all buried in this sacred ground.
This was a place I did not expect to visit on my recent trip, Wife and I ended up here after eating dinner faster than expected and needing to kill an hour before our show started at the Walnut Street Theatre which was only 2 streets away. Even though the sun was going down, the park was well lit and free of any riffraff or beggars. There is some quality people watching going on here, we observed a couple play with a very active Chihuahua, another couple enjoying a picnic (and became slightly envious), observed many dog walkers, hipsters, and party goers walking through.

We regretfully didn't know that this is the place that houses the Tomb of the Unknown Solider, although sad that I didn't get to personally see it, I would say this park is the perfect location for it, It's unbelievably peaceful inside the park.
This is a simply stunnign park

Pros:
+ Along such a historic root through Philly - definitely worth trying out
+ Great for a cute picnic - lots of shops nearby to grab some takeout
+ Plenty of easy/light walking paths
+ Nearby cafes
+ Fountains galore
This is a beautiful park - look at the new paving.  I think the trees are splendid and the brick wall surrounding it is beautiful.  The homeless people here are some of the nicest in the city...
"I think a good gift for the President would be a chocolate revolver.
And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him real
quick and hand it to him."

This is actually my least favorite of the 5 squares of Philadelphia. That doesn't mean it's a bad place, but it is kinda out of my way so I never end up there. If it didn't have the audacity of being all the way on the other side of the city next to a bunch of places I rarely visit, I might spend more time here.

After dinner about a month ago, I took a stroll through here with my friend and we watched little kids skateboard and enjoyed the fullness that our meal left us with. It was good for that.
I'm a big fan of this park and come often given I live just a block away. The park is large with lots of seating and far less noisy / busy vs. Rittenhouse park. Lots of trees provide shade on a warm summer day. A number of coffee and food options close by to enjoy in the park. Nice water fountain centered in the park. I find this park very peaceful and relaxing as it's rarely overcrowded and noisy. From what I can tell, the park appears very safe even at night. I noticed some people sleeping in the park late at night so be aware. The squirrels are very friendly and will jump up on the bench with you to and get some food if your eating. No washroom facilities. 

Highly recommended - a great spot to relax in the middle of the busy city. 

BK
Great monument for unknown soldiers. Beautiful park, and lets not forget the tree that was grown from a seed that was brought into space.
We didn't have much time to spend here (I was mostly on a search for the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier), but from the twenty minutes or so we were able to tour the area, an impression was formed that Washington Square Park was plausible grounds for an afternoon of nature and relaxation. My brother and I played some Egyptian Ratslap on a bench by a large fountain, and two boys walked around and asked people to buy candy bars for their brother's basketball team (quite sketchy in hindsight). Some people napped in the grass. Nice place.
Luckily Washington Square Park is located within walking distance from Independence Hall. In fact, a lot of the major touristy attractions are all within a few square miles and minutes from one another. 

Since I had time to spare, I decided to trek my way to the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. There are several landmarks in the park, so take a few moments to read some of the art work and structures. 

Very serene and safe. I mostly saw people either reading on the benches, walking their pets, or running.
Good: 
I really love this park. It's the same size as Rittenhouse, yet feels more spacious and far more calm. It's a wonderful getaway from the city hustle and bustle - it's cooler by a few degrees in summer, a great snowball arena in winter, the city noises are slightly muffled, and if you're lucky - you catch the fragrance of some flowers in certain spots in the spring and early summer.

There are plenty of benches and your choice of sunny/shady/dappled spots to sit in or spread a blanket.  The center circle is relaxing with the fountain on (and the shrubbery blocks wind in the fall/winter).

The historical aspect - though a bit heebie jeebie-y - with the park being a graveyard  - provides a sense of calm and encourages some reflection and introspection. Definitely visit the eternal flame.

The park is well patrolled by park rangers. Thank you!

Eh:
- The less fortunate folks tend to bed down here at night during the warmer months. They are mostly harmless, but always be aware of your surroundings.
- Occasional dog poop in the grass. I've stepped in my share (less than5x in 3yrs), but considering how many dogs are at the park and how often I'm there with my dog -  I'd say that most folks are responsible pet parents. :)
What a great park. Very well kept. Loved the history of the park. The park is very relaxing, very quiet. I went and got food, brought it back to the park and was able to sit, relax and enjoy a late lunch. Plenty of people in the park working out, walking their dogs and/or just enjoying the park.
