What a wonderful statue were wonderful monument has a heart of Philadelphia right across from the Art Institute and the Rocky statue and other cool things. This Washington monument really stands out it's huge has a lot of unique things around if not just George himself but he has other things so I'm not really sure he's related to him but it makes it that much cooler it's a huge statue huge monuments that's right in the heart of town that's pretty awesome
With a prime space directly in front of the Philadelphia Art Museum, this large statue of our nation's first President in his role as the commander-in-chief of the Revolutionary forces. The face of the sculpture was made from an impression of the President's face while he was still alive. The lowest level of the statue features Native Americans and animals that are native to the United States.

Completed in 1897 and relocated to this spot in 1928, it stands 44 feet tall. It was a gift to the City of Philadelphia by the Society of the Cincinnati. The Society is the nation's oldest patriotic organization.

The Eakins Ovan forms the northwest end of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. President Washington is facing to the southeast.

Hi, Jasmine! Great FTR!

[Review 10380 overall, 146 of 2019.]
The Washington Monument is located in front of the Philadelphia Museum of Art at Eakins Oval, a traffic circle at the end of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway.  It's by artist Rudolf Siemering and was originally installed in 1897 at Fairmount Park and relocated to its current location in 1928.  The sculpture features George Washington on a horse, surrounded by Native Americans and various North American animals.

[Yelp collections: East Coast 2016; Monuments, Memorials, and Historical Markers]
A majestic monument of our national hero George Washington. Kudos to the city planners who situated this monument/park in front of the Philadelphia Museum. It's free to see and a great place to take pictures and get a view of the great City of Philadelphia. It is at a place where there is plenty of things to see or visit so at the end of the day it can be a place where you sit and get some rest while soaking in the view.
The Washington Monument in Philadelphia, standing 44 feet tall, is located on Eakins Oval, a traffic circle on the northwest end of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. This tribute to our first president sits in front of the gigantic Philadelphia Museum of Art. The bronze and granite sculpture was originally dedicated in 1897 at Fairmount Park and moved to its present locale in 1928. The uniformed likeness of Washington has him sitting on a horse facing in the direction of City Hall. All around the base are depicted Native Americans and animals indigenous to America, featuring a fisherwoman, a warrior, a bear, a buffalo, and others. Capturing images without people is nearly impossible unless you arrive as the sun comes up most any day, before people start their daily lives. A very nice tribute to General and President Washington.
