I love this idea as a team builder. Having done the Philly scavenger hunt, I had a blast. 

There were over 3 pages of photo, collectors and word challenges to complete. I won't spoil too many of the challenges, but we had to utilize pretzels, think about Philly sports teams and attractions and sometimes random things.

Proof of the photo and collection challenges were texted to a microsite they direct you to at the beginning of the hunt. Thinking back, I don't think the actual submissions mattered as long as you submitted something. There's no way they could have verified and approved each photo for each team in real time. We also didn't read the fine print and didn't have to do each photo and collection challenge and maxed out at a certain number of points.

Unfortunately, most teams focused on the physical hunt and ended up maxing out on points. Ultimately, the winner was determined by the points you could get from the word challenge. Personally, that's not why I do a scavenger hunt. 

Two teams tied for first and had to answer questions as the tie breaker. The hunt was running late so I didn't stick around to hear what the questions were or the prize. As a competitor, I was a little disappointed that my efforts earlier didn't matter. 

I still give Watson Adventures a 3 based on the team building aspect. We had a great time running around Center City completing the challenges. End results aside, I'd recommend it for anyone looking for a team building adventure.
We participated in the scavenger hunt at the Franklin Institute.  First of all, when we signed up they said it included free admission to the museum.  So, we showed up early to make a day at the museum of it.  However, the Franklin Institute had no idea what we were talking about and would not accept our vouchers.  We had to wait for the hosts from Watson to arrive in order to be allowed into the museum.

The scavenger hunt itself was very easy.  You basically just need to go to the section for each clue and then find the answer on one of the placards. We finished the 2 hour hunt in one hour.  Honestly, it was kind of boring and way too expensive for what it was.
