Tennis courts in Philly? About as hard to find as an editorial position at Vogue.

The best ones are definitely at Seger Park (behind Whole Goods on Lombard). But this park doesn't require a payment or membership and the one court is almost always free (because no one knows about it). So please, don't crowd this place now that I've shared my secret!!

The playground here is a pretty nice set up. Lots of rubber and rounded corners for you first-time dads. But this place can get rowdy with rebellious kids sometimes. 

Not much of a park (no grass) but there are a few benches on which to enjoy your gourmet chicken fingers form New Wave while you wait for the courts. (New Wave is one block east.)
This is a good playground. Lots of space to run, climb and play. It is, however, hotter than Hell when it's warm outside due to the lack of trees and the indoor community center needs a major overhaul...that's $$$ though, yes, from a city with failing schools. So, I'll shut up.
I think some of these reviews are kind of old. This park has been recently renovated and now there are lots of trees and benches. Great for lots of ages because there's a smaller scale jungle gym as well. My five year old can play happily here for a long time.
The location is great but there is no shade and at times, there are simply too many unsupervised kids around.
Located on 4th and Catherine, this park offers an immense feeling of "community." People are friendly behind those masks! After coming here for over a year, it just doesn't get old for my two year old. Many parents/preschools/nannies bring their kiddos here for outdoor play time. They sometimes play songs, clap together and share toys. I think thats great, during a time where children feel somewhat covid-isolated (boooo). 

There are swings/slides for different age groups available. Theres a section for the smaller kids (0-2), versus older (3+). Not to mention the endless squirrels and birds walking around searching for your kids cookie crumbs. My son enjoys walking around, with the space this park offers. And observing the tennis court players. If the court is empty, the children play in there as well.

Theres plenty of pavement for chalk drawing and bubble spraying (which happens often). And plenty of benches to sit on. Winter is coming and our visits will be fewer but hopefully well look forward to the summer water spritzer being turned on. Overall, my son approves!!
