A really fun and engaging experience no matter what your wine IQ, the Wine School of Philadelphia is the perfect date/friend night and you'll actually learn something.

I love wine. You can keep your craft beer and liquor, I'd take a glass of red over those any day. But even if your only experience with wine is drinking it straight out of the bag, you'll have a really good time at any of the School's one-off classes they have throughout the year. Be sure to book in advance as classes fill up quickly. The school is actually really small, occupying the basement and first floor of a modest building (I think some lucky souls have an apartment on the second floor).

My girlfriend and I signed up for the "Know Your Wine Style" class ($40 a person). Our teacher sommelier guided us on a 90 minute wine exploration focusing on four types of wines - Acid Freak (low and high acid), Super Taster (high and low tannins), Old Schooler (fruit forward New World and earth Old World), and Boozehound (high and low ABV) - with two opposite wines in each type so you can taste the difference. It was infinitely informative and you get generous pours of wines from all over the world. It was very accessible for newbies and winos alike, with the only pretentiousness coming from a few of the people in the class. Best part? You get to finish off the remaining wine from the eight bottles! Bonus!

I cannot stress enough how much fun this class was and how I'm already looking forward to giving them more of my money. Take a chance and go with your friends, or spice up that date.
First time here. I can't wait to go back! Went for wine 101 which was such a fun and engaging class.

It was set up family style table besides a few 2 tops. Sitting at the community table made the night more interesting getting to interact and see everyone else's reactions to the class.

Allana was an amazing instructor. She was hilarious and so outgoing and really made the class the experience it was. 

If you haven't been here yet check out their class schedule ASAP classes fill out extremely quick. I booked this in the spring and the class was for the fall. If your guest drops out you're able to replace them with no issue.

Can't wait to go back here for another class!
For part of my birthday gift, the GF got us tickets to a cooking demonstration and wine tasting at PA School of Wine. It's a cute setup, with several two-tops up front and a larger community table taking up the main expanse of the room. Chalkboards took the place of the walls, replete with the names of wines as well as the ingredients and directions for the dishes that would be created on this night. 

We had Chef Keith for our culinary class and he was busy prepping when we arrived 15 minutes early so we could grab a seat near the front. We appreciated the mirror above him, which allowed us to see his prep station. 

We started off the meal with some background on the Wine School and the meal we were about to enjoy. Walnut crisps and a pour of white wine kicked things off while Chef got started on the first dish. 

Our starter was a salad focused on carrots. While the carrots were beautiful and fresh, they were definitely too large and hard to cut with the salad knife we were provided. The vinaigrette was also a bit too acerbic, though I appreciated the use of walnut oil, which was a nice touch with the hazelnuts. I did enjoy the tips Chef offered. Salt, pepper, lemon - amazing what a few ingredients will do to amp up your boring salads at home! 

Our next dish was a mushroom farro, which had a great essence from the stock and was paired with another white wine. The salty hits of shaved parm on top were much needed to offer up some salt and richness to each bite. Pro-tip here? If you're cooking hearty grains, don't use just water. You should always have a few boxes or cans of chicken/beef stock on hand! 

Our final dish came in the form of nicely cooked filets with a Bordelaise red-wine sauce. Steaks were prepped in advance via sous vide, with a final sear with a blow torch! Roasted asparagus accompanied the steaks, along with a pour of red wine.  

As we left, there were a tray of chocolates for us to enjoy as a final bite. 

So if you're looking for a fun, culinary date night, I'd recommend checking out Wine School of Philadelphia. Tickets are typically around $75pp, so it's a discount if you're not ready to splurge on the level of an Audrey Claire Cook class.
i've always thought that when it come to wine,  the less you know, the better. it has always seemed to me that once one KNOWS about wine, you'd have to start acting on the knowledge, would which will eventually result in the spending of time and money where not much was being spent before. 
my mother-in-law does not feel this way, however, and when got her a gift certificate to the wine school for christmas. i should have seen it coming that she would invite me to go with her...
in fact, it was a great time. our instructor was a sweet, slightly disheveled guy who explained by way of intro "there's a lot of pretension surrounding wine...it's just because people know things. we are going to teach you the things you need to know". this information was mix of pure vocab ("oaky", "big" , "hot", etc) and strategy: how to smell, and what to smell for (slurp the wine, they search for grass and butter in there).  we sampled various wines and were heartily encouraged to identify the essence of something other than fermented grapes in our glasses. we did well with some basics- apples, vanilla, butterscotch, plums, cherries..., and then he pushed us further down the road towards crazy, suggesting that we might catch a scent of...black pepper? cut grass? a barnyard? gasoline? butter? leather? roadkill? we giggled. and sipped and smelled obligingly .  it might have been annoying or strange, but instead it was just fun. i learned a few things, but nothing that will stop me from buying barefoot wine next time. i'll just know how to smell the cut grass as i'm drinking.
I enjoyed my experience at The Wine School when I attended Wine 101.  Look at it this way:  If you are prone to dropping $40 in one night at places like Tria, why not spend a night here, spend the same amount of money, and learn a few things.  Samples were plentiful and the wine was very good quality.  The classroom is set up to look and feel like the lounge area of a bar.

Our class was taught by Zack, who was great for this gig.  He was very detail oriented and quite knowledgeable about the history of wine.  He was clearly a big wine fan as well, which helps.  Even if you think you know wine, Zack will surely be able to give you some new information.  

Just an additional note:  When I purchased the tickets for the class, I chose to go for the "discount" tickets.  The premium tickets offered customer support via telephone and the ability to reschedule your class.  I am really not sure what circumstances would have required customer support prior to Wine 101, so unless the rescheduling option really entices you, I would save the $10-$15.
Meh is exactly how I felt when I left The Philadelphia Wine School. I have experienced better, YES! 

The gentleman that conduct the class was friendly, polite, and approachable, maybe he should be more assertive in the future. 

The session was adorned by 16 individuals including yours truly. Adorned? Yes!!! To the general misfortune of our group, there was this couple of hecklers that formed part of our session that appeared to have been drinking before hand. So, they felt comfortable interrupting the class at any given moment regardless of who was talking. Furthermore, the female heckler had a loud, hyena style laughter that served as background of almost the complete class. 

I am willing to take some of the blame in not liking this highly acclaimed wine institute in Philadelphia, as long as the hyena and the other heckler take the brunt of it. 

I took one of their two hour sessions on the weekend recently and hoping that their Wine 101 course was more than going over and over how to properly sample the wine. As little as I know or pretend to know about wines, we did not need two full hours for what was covered. 

I should have or could have taken a more advanced course, or I should have excused myself from the session. I should have done something about the two hecklers that ruined the course. I gave it two stars and probably only deserved one or even less, but since I know that one day I will give this place a second chance, I will keep an open mind.
I have attended several wine events at the Wine School of Philadelphia and each one was a wonderful experience.  I was there for the Cook and Corks in October.  Keith was a delight and not only did I learn a lot about wine, I laughed along the way.  Alana was extremely knowledgeable and pleasant.  The menu was complex, the food was delicious and the wine pairing was perfect.  Thank you for a great night out!  I will be back!

I would HIGHLY recommend a night out or class at the Wine School!
Keith is a fantastic Sommelier and instructor. His knowledge and passion is second to none, and I commute from DC just to take his courses. I could not possibly recommend Keith more highly. I've been attending classes here for years, and the school just keeps getting better. If you have a desire to learn about wine and have a good time while doing it, there's no better place on earth.
My husband and I went to the class on Sour Beers and we loved it.  The instructor, Dean Brown, was great.  Very knowledgeable and funny.  Most importantly, the tasting portion of the class exceeded my expectations.  He had really great (and expensive) beers that I otherwise would not have ordered in a bar.  I found some new favorites and learned a lot about them.  The lecture was informative for everybody from beer novices to home brewers.
I'm not a big wine drinker, but I think I will take my parents here when they come into town again.  Great way to spend a Friday night.
Took the Wine Tasting 101 Class a year or so go.  Learned tons and the class was enjoyable.  Well worth the price which was very reasonable.
Did the Wine 101 class in preparation for a trip to Napa and it was great!  The teacher, Collin, was very knowledgeable on types of wines around the world and even offered to provide us with his recommendations on wineries in Napa.

Some of the topics were a bit over my head, but gave me a basic understanding/foundation to build on as I travel around wine country.  A fun class to do on your own or with a group of friends!
I have taken three 16 hours each class from the wine school since August 2015. I have also taken numerous one day courses like the Sommelier Smack down and Cooks and Forks. I am just one guy that wanted to learn more about the world of wine as a hobby. You can take the class for certification or not. Up to you. The first two classes, foundation and intermediate, will give you general concepts about wine and teach you about the history throughout the world. Just these two classes will make you learn more about wine than 95% of the people know. It is fascinating and very helpful when looking at a bottle of wine. Then there are dedicated classes which are really great if you want to know about a particular subject. Like for instances, I like California wines and there is a class for 15 hours that talks about wines from California, Oregon and Washington. This was an awesome class for me. 

The one day courses are fun courses that one takes for two hours to have a good time and at the same time to learn and taste wines and food from different places. The Sommelier and Cooks and Forks class are really fun as you learn about wine pairings and you get to taste some good food, drink some good wine and meet awesome people of all ages. You also meet professional sommeliers that are very interesting to talk to. The instructors are great and fun and maintain a casual atmosphere in class. But make no mistake, they know their stuff and will take all the time they need to answer every question. Throughout all the classes and courses, I have met a lot of people that have been taking classes there for years both for certifications and for pleasure. Like they say, wine is something to be enjoyed between friends. Or to make new friends! 

On another note, I want to comment on the review below from Sarah J. I was in that class. In fact, I sat right in front of her. That class had seven courses and flights. One of them was the Mac and Cheese with Lobster, the 6th one. Guess the other 6 were not enough.  There were 7 flights of wine. Yes, the wine is a single pour and you get to taste seven different wines. Reds and Whites. You do not know which one they are. Yes, they are all below $15-20. Heck, 95% of the wines sold in stores are below that range and the course cost $75 and has 20 people. No you will not get seven flights of Opus One at $250 a bottle. Do the math. Plus, the class is 2 hours. Can you imagine if we got 7 glasses of wine in 2 hours and then drive home? Again, it is a school. If you had an allergy, you should have contacted the school. I went to three of those courses and never has this been an issue. You made it a big issue and pouted throughout the whole class making everyone uncomfortable.  As for attacking the instructors and their credentials, well, that is your opinion. I pretty much disagree with everything you said having had these instructors as part of the certified classes. I enjoyed that class a lot. A lot more when you left early!

All in all, I love the school. I love the people I get to meet and most of all, I have learned a ton of stuff about wine, wine pairings and other wine facts all over the world. I have 5 other classes/courses scheduled in the next 3 months and I am having a blast. 

JP
Great way to have fun while learning about wine.  Our teacher was laid back and humorous making it comfortable for everyone, even someone with no prior knowledge on wine, to have a good time.  

I don't know how all the classes are run but ours was on exotic wines you don't usually get to try.  Four whites and four reds were picked out to taste.   I think sometimes they do food/wine classes and what are good choices for cooking or different foods.  

our teacher said he didn't like wine with cheese, but mmmmm.... give me some brie, sharp cheddar, gouda, pineapple, grapes and  wine and I give you five stars.
We attended the South American wine class.  The instructor and wine were excellent.  We very much enjoyed the thorough discussion as well as the ability to taste so many great wines.  The school itself is very comfortable and well designed.
I have to echo the sentiments of the vast majority of reviewers of the Wine School.  I've taken multiple courses at the Wine School this year, beginning with the Foundation/Core course, followed by Spanish Wines and International Wines.  I've had such a great time that I've signed up for Italian Wines in the fall, and I intend to continue taking more courses afterward.  All the courses have been really fun and engaging, and I wouldn't keep going back if I didn't enjoy them as much as I do.  Many of the classes fill up quickly, so I recommend planning ahead and booking your seat early.

Keith and Alana make a terrific instructing team: Alana's lectures are always very well-organized, logical, and packed with info.  Keith's lectures take a slightly more meandering path, but it's all about enjoying the journey (right?); I've certainly come to appreciate it :)  I think their two styles complement each other very well, and they create a "safe" learning environment free of pretension.  It's undeniable that Keith and Alana possess a depth of knowledge and passion for wine that carries through into their teaching, and I love their commitment to helping their students advance their students' careers as much as possible.

I also appreciate the thought they put into selecting the wines for each class; every wine is chosen for a specific reason.  For the introductory course, the focus was on identifying varietal fingerprints in each type of wine, so in the beginning, Keith screened out wines that had been manipulated to mask those unique characteristics.  In later classes, Keith introduced some blended wines to show us that we could still identify those varietal fingerprints in combination with other things.  In other classes, we compared wines that had been made from under-ripe vs. over-ripe vs. ripe grapes, and we also covered various wine faults.  These are the kinds of things that are extremely difficult to self-teach, as no winemaker would ever advertise whether they used under-ripe or over-ripe grapes.  It was also a pleasure to be exposed to wines I'd never tried before, such as ripasso wines from Italy.  I was also amused at how often some of the crowd favorites were not the most expensive wines.  For example, you can find some outstanding Washington cabs for a fraction of the cost of an analogous Napa wine, and the courses help you to find great wines for good value. 

For the region-specific classes, Keith and Alana selected wines representing the characteristics of that region, while explaining how climate, grape blends, and wine-making techniques affected the taste of a particular wine.  I think it's fair to say that most people don't enjoy every type of varietal they drink, but because of the explanations Keith and Alana give, I've come to appreciate wines that I don't naturally love (i.e., pinotages will still never be my first choice, but now I'm willing to drink them voluntarily).  The classes throw a lot of information at you and can be demanding, but I've often been surprised by how much I've subconsciously retained.  But I will say that the more I learn, the more I realize how much I don't know.

All of my classes have had a mix of people who are (1) just taking the classes for fun and have no intention of jumping into the wine industry (me), (2) looking to change up their careers by taking the first step of becoming sommeliers, or (3) already in the biz and want to advance their careers through the programs.  The diversity of backgrounds and levels of wine knowledge is a plus, as I think it reduces the snobbery that one might expect to find.  When I showed up for my first class, I didn't quite know what to expect.  However, people who come in anticipating some sort of luxury experience where they're waited on hand and foot will be disappointed, and there are always a handful of those people no matter where you go.  But if you're there to absorb tons of wine knowledge, then it's the perfect spot.  I've found the overwhelming majority of my classmates to be really fun, interesting, and down-to-earth people, and we've even kept in touch to organize our own blind tastings or just to hang out.  I'd say the chances of meeting some cool folks is pretty good here.

Lastly, while I dove into the Foundation/Core courses headfirst, I understand that some people want to dip their toe into the water first, as the weeks-long courses aren't cheap.  If that's the case, I suggest signing up for a one-off class to see how you like it.  If it's not for you, then no biggie.  If you like it, then chances are, you'll enjoy the longer courses, too.

Hmm...this is long, so I'll wrap it up.  Thanks for reading and hope it helped.  Back to watching college football :)
First visit was for Wines of Italy. Instructor was very down-to-earth, very knowledgeable. Class was perfect paced, and nice pours for tasting!
Keith Wallace & Co. have a terrific thing going with the Wine School of Philadelphia.  I've taken several courses with them, starting with a one-evening Wine 101 course, followed by the Wine Foundation Program, and then the Intermediate Certificate Program.

The classes are taught by folks who are clearly passionate about wine, but without what you might expect in terms of stuffiness; all the information they offer is very accessible, and presented in an entertaining way.  Before I took the Wine Foundation course, I knew what I liked about wine, but lacked a lot of the vocabulary to discuss it effectively.  The course helped with that, but also expanded my understanding of why I liked it.  The classes also are focused on providing you with experience at tasting the wine, so, yeah, you get to drink during class.  

Depending on the level of the course you select, the price range can be extremely affordable, or a serious commitment.  The Wine 101 class, and other one-evening classes and events, are relatively inexpensive, especially considering the quality of the wine you get to taste (and by "taste," I don't mean spit out, unless, I guess, you really wanted to).  The longer classes are indeed expensive, but actually work out to around $60-ish per class over eight weeks.  Given the quality of wine and information provided, it's worth it if you're really interested in getting a deeper understanding of wine.  So, while the price range I listed with this review indicates "Pricey," that's more for the longer classes.  I'd go with "Moderate" or even "Inexpensive" for the 101 classes.
The Wine School of PA has been on my radar for a while now.  Every Christmas/Hannukah, my coworkers and I pitch in and get a gift for my boss. Yes, we are kiss asses.  So last year, we got him a gift certificate for the wine school for him and his wife.  Now I like my boss and all (I mean, he signs my paychecks) but he can be the most difficult person when it comes to liking things.  He always finds something wrong with every place he goes to.

And he absolutely loved The Wine School of PA.  So I knew I had to check it out.

Last Saturday, my husband and I attended a Wine 101 class at the school.  The room itself was super cozy and inviting.  The instructor, Zach, was awesome- gave us tons of information but in a fun and informal way.  The wines we sampled were all delicious and I really learned a lot about how wine is made, why it tastes the way it does, the proper way to taste wine, and the history of wine production and exportation. 

I am eagerly anticipating the next class that I get to take at The Wine School of PA!
I went here to take a Wine 101 class. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and setup of the place. The room was small and the environment was welcoming. Being a wine novice, I felt totally comfortable taking part in the class. It was 2-hours in length and the teacher was great -- humorous and knowledgable. Plus, you get to drink lots of wine ;) I am definitely going back to signup for the beer class!
I went to the beer school last night. Beer 101.  If you see my profile and my Yelp Elite status (or fellow Yelp Eliters I have partied with attest), you can see I am familiar with beer.  But what is refreshing, that even an experienced drinker (in fact, all the students last night probably were) like myself learned some new things about beer, like what contributes to color, aroma. You learn how a mass produced beer like Bud is made to those who simply want to get drunk to the  more fancy type of home brew where beer drinkers are trying to finding that ideal beer.   It didn't change my preferences for  what  beers I like (Mexican is still my favorite), but it did give me insight on why my taste buds prefer certain beers.

Also, while the intent was to merely taste beers like you would tasting wine at a winery, not to get you drunk,  some of the last beers at the end were so high in alcohol, that I felt buzzed just by smelling it.  In fact, because I was driving back, I had to wait around for a while, before I sobered up.  Some of the beers were that strong to keep me from driving for a while  and like I said, I am an experienced beer drinker.

But while I like the different exposure to beer, I really like the attitude of the teacher.  He was very personable and best of all, NOT A SNOB in the least. I've been to some film classes where some teachers think you don't love film if, say you, prefer The Avengers  or Ted to Citizen Kane or Gone With the Wind. Not here, if you just wanna drink Bud, he's cool with it.  If you want that hard to find microbrew, he's cool with it too.  The point is not to tell what you beers to like, but showing what types of beers are out there.  

I tasted about 7 beers for $40.  Not  a bad deal. If I want to understand wine, I will come back here, it seem Yelpers have similar comments about what I said about Beer 101. I can't comment about the other programs that the Wine School offer, having not done them. But as a beer class, whether you have never drank before or have drank, this beer class gets 4 stars.
I have been to two classes at the wine school now, and both were awesome! The cooking class with wine pairing had some great original dishes and the wine and cheese class was personal and fun. Highly recommend for a date night or anyone looking for some wine education.
We attended a beer/cheese pairing class recently. Our instructor was Keith, who, although very knowledgable, never finished a sentence or thought, and kind of rambled on in random directions. Very laid back, he might have tried to exercise a tinse of class control and smack the inconsiderate 20 & 30-somethings who simply laughed and talked loudly among themselves while he was presenting a concept. 5 beers were presented along with a selection of cheeses. We had fun, but it might have been better structured for ~$50+ each. Parking available in lots around the corner for $10/eve. Hit the nearby Smile Cafe before class.
I started with enrolling in the foundations program back in February to expand my personal knowledge of wine.  I feel opportunities that I never expected are unfolding with every class I take.  

 I have graduated as a certified sommelier and am now taking my advanced courses.   The classes are fun, challenging, informative and a great way to make connections with others in the wine industry.  

I have great respect for how Alana and Keith conduct their classes and their enthusiasm for wine education.  

I highly recommend the wine school of Philadelphia to anyone looking to expand their wine knowledge.
The Wine School of Philadelphia is a gem! My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our Intro to Wine class here. I really enjoyed the set up of comparing two wines to each other per round as it really helped me to understand the contrasting tastes of the wine. Keith was very intelligent and candid about his experience in the wine industry - particularly how they sell their wines to the consumers! I have a new perspective now when I walk into Wegmans (I no longer buy the $6 bottles-ha!) Some tips would be to get there early, particularly if you have a bad back (you will be stuck sitting on a stool. There are only 8 real chairs, and they will fill up!) Also, do not wear perfume or cologne. I happened to make that mistake because I was running late from work and I got chastised for it. On that note, Keith has a rather dry sense of humor that borders on rude, so if you are sensitive (me), keep that in mind. He does want everyone to have a good time and he will answer all of your questions. Another thing is that if you come here on a date, don't expect time really at all to talk to your partner. This may be a good or bad thing, depending! Haha. Keith fills most of the time teaching and there is little room for conversation. I was sort of bummed by this because I was looking forward to catching up with my S.O., but now you know for the future. I would definitely recommend the Wine School for couples looking for a unique, intellectual, and boozy experience right in the Rittenhouse neighborhood!
I have attended the Wine School of Philadelphia three times in the past six months. Two of the three were gifts I received, the third visit was a gift I gave to someone else. These classes are the best value money can buy when looking for wine education. The location of the classes is wonderful as they'll held in an old brownstone in Center City. There is easy parking in the area. I was able to attend a class on wine of Bordeaux, the Best Wines of 2014 and the Eight wines you have to try before you die. The instructor, Keith Wallace, provided a level of wine information and education I've never experienced before and I spent 17 years living in California where wine is in abundance and there's no shortage of top people providing wine education there. Mr. Wallace's knowledge of wine is second to none and I googled him prior to taking the classes and was impressed at the extent of his knowledge, experience and training. I wasn't aware that he is also a highly accomplished chef and so his knowledge of pairings was also most welcome. I enjoyed the classs format very much as it is very informal. You go into a beautiful room that has several tables set up, almost like a small bar/cafe. The number of seats is limited for each class so it's very intimate. Each class started with Mr. Wallace introducing himself to people and making sure everyone know that this was going to be a very different experience. I highly appreciated that the instructor wasn't "high brow" about wine, meaning, he was very down to earth and very passionate about wine and his love of teaching people about wine came across very clearly as he is very approachable and treats every question in the class as an opportunity to teach the attendees. In addition, he stays for a long time after the class to talk to any of the attendees about the wines of the evening and anything else they might have questions about. In addition, he was able to make several other recommendations for wines just based on questions we asked afterwards. He's the kind of guy that you'd love to have come over for dinner one night just to sit and talk about wine and travel and food. He's a wealth of knowledge about all of these things. He's also the kind of guy you'd want to have as your friend because he's no bullshit about anything, least of all wine and most of all about people who come into class trying to act like they know something about wine and trying to impress people who they came to the class with. We saw this happen one night in the class where one guy was being contrary through the whole class just to show off to the two people he came with. It was clear he had an agenda and the instructor picked up on it right away and put the guy in his place. There's no question who is in charge in this classroom and we liked it that way so that no one in the room was able to dominate the conversation. As I said, we really appreciated the "no bullshit" nature of the instructor and also found him to be very humorous throughout the evening with his frequent sprinkling of curse words to punctuate his disdain for things and people and wine that are trying to be more than they really are. If you read his bio on google, you'll understand that he has every right to be the way he is because he's earned it. We just loved sitting back and listening to him, salty language and all because we know a whole lot more about wine as a result and will continue going back to the classes for more instruction. Hell yeah! :) Now for more wine...
Surprised I hadn't reviewed this yet, since I've been to I think 4 classes int he past year or so and plan on attending more in the future.

I love this place because it truly is approachable.  I admittedly knew very little about wine, beer and cocktails, but I'm trying to at least be informed.  These guys make you feel like that's OK and have done so in each class I've attended.  I've done their Speakeasy class, Wine 101, Wine & Cheese Pairing, and recently the Around the World in 8 Glasses class which I found particularly interesting.  Did you know booze built the pyramids, fueled the Industrial Revolution, started the American Revolution, amongst other things?  Bet not.

I've had I think his name is Zach a couple times, and Keith a couple times.  Zach is calm, opinionated, clear and concise.  Keith obviously knows his stuff (being the founder and all) but each class has started off with an excuse relating to "I was up all night, travelling/with my dogs in the ER/wandering, etc..." and him pounding coffee.  He can be hard to follow with his run-on sentences, free flowing thought but remember, he realllly knows his stuff.  Take advantage of that.  He's like a human Ulysses.  The James Joyce book, not the President.  Mr. Grant actually WAS a human, obviously.

Just go give a class a try.  You're guaranteed to do two things; drink and learn something.  Where can you go wrong?
We went for "America, &@#* yeah" on july 25 which included a tasting of beers, wine and bourbon from yup... America. Our host was awesome!  Knowledgable, funny, well versed & even as he stated non pretentious. I liked the story behind the spirits and the integration of history with the tasting. His ability to meld the two was entertaining and kept us interested. Ill be back for another class in September or October. An absolute must- we did this as a date night and it was a great decision.
I can genuinely say I am not even sure where to start; this school is the greatest experience that has ever happened to me.  The education programs here are out of this world! Never have I felt more at home while learning and never have I wanted to stay at school all day, all week and all year. The atmosphere is entirely about learning, not being told what to drink as dictated by some person who gets paid to write wine reviews. At the school you learn in depth about wine from different regions around the world; from the climate, terroir, and culture all the way to the vinification process and EVERYTHING in between all while having fun. Keith and Alana are hands down the best instructors who make learning an experience, it's not your average day in the classroom. I feel that for as much time as I put in studying they put twice as much time, if not more, creating a strong, meaningful program. Their passion and expertise shines day after day; never have people been as passionate, knowledgeable and wanting you to soak up the information. They want you to be successful! To this day when I find myself studying or searching through a wine selection notes from my various wine books come to mind, but the ones to truly stand out and make me remember are always the notes and moments that were brought to life at the wine school.  I may currently live miles away, but this place will forever be where I feel at home, I am a lifelong Wine School of Philadelphia student!
There is no better place. I have been attending The Wine School for several years now, and I just can't say enough wonderful things about this place and its people (Keith, Alanna, and all of the students). The environment is relaxed and the instructors are incredibly knowledgeable. They continuously go above and beyond to help their students move forward with their careers in the wine world. To top it all off, snobbery gets checked at the door. There is no ego here. Just great people, with a common interest, sharing experience and knowledge and helping each other grow.
We went to an extreme beer class.  Class was incredible!  Very informative and instructor was willing to stay after to answer questions.  He was very personable and knowledgeable.  Left having learned a good deal and having tried some great beers!
Cooks & Corks is a HUGE waste of money

CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AWFUL, VALUE HORRIBLY LACKING

#1 complaint:  Undisclosed menu + shellfish allergy = no dinner, no compensation, no effort whatsoever

I bought these tickets for my fiance and I as a nice date night.  When you buy the tickets online, there's no screening for food allergies or disclosure of possible food allergies in the class description, simply an automatically generated email confirming your ticket order. I didn't even think about it.  As soon as we sat down and saw the menu, Lobster Mac and Cheese was on the menu as the main course.  I told the hostess (who doubles as the wine "expert") that I wouldn't be able to eat it and asked if there was a substitute available, she quickly replied "Oh, I'm sorry, the lobster is throughout the dish, we can offer you extra salad or maybe some almonds??"  Seriously?  I paid $75 to eat arugula and almonds?  I was instantly upset.  While the dish was being served and I was sitting in front of an empty plate for half an hour, my fiance asked if I could have another glass of wine, she instantly snapped "Oh no, everyone only gets a certain amount" I was so embarrassed and upset.  She made absolutely no effort to compensate my only having one banana pepper and a few leaves of arugula.  At the end of the night, the chef had the audacity to tell ME I should have emailed him regarding my food allergy.  There was no description of what to expect on the website or to notify the school of food allergies. I had no idea I would have one pre-made option on arrival. 

#2 The class had about 20 people and the hostess divided just one bottle of wine per course between the entire class into very small "wine glasses".  You can imagine how small the servings were.  I probably had a total of one "normal person" glass of wine the entire two hours, no exaggeration.  They continuously commented on how the bottles of wine they picked for the night were "less than $15" from the wine shop.  

#3 The wine "expert" describes all the wines as "pure deliciousness" or "awesomeness"... how professional.  By description of the class I expected to learn something more concrete about wine beyond just what this woman "likes"

#4 The majority of seats are stools with no back that, as we all know, become horribly uncomfortable after about 20 minutes and this is a two hour "class".

#5 The chef who "taught" the class had plenty to say, without any substance at all.  It was seemingly an open mic for this guy to talk a lot about himself, cussing and making perverse jokes, while talking very, very little about actual cooking or food prep.  Very little engagement with the guests, just silence as he rambled on and on

I left as soon as possible and didn't finish my last glass of wine... Do not recommend to anyone!
My friend and I came to the wine school for one of their wine smarts tasting classes while in town for a few days to visit since we love the city. At first glance, it was a great space, intimate enough to get to know your fellow students, but spacious enough to hear the teacher and learn. There's a cafeteria-style table that encourages students to get to know each other throughout the night. My friend and I sat there and immediately began chatting with others. Everyone was super friendly and the instructor answered every question and was so knowledgeable about the wine. We were offered five flights of wines, and she taught us a great deal about the ins and outs of speaking about wines more intelligently (but not snobby!). 

My friend and I really enjoyed our time here! I would recommend to to natives and out-of-towners alike.
I love being a wine school student! The individual classes are a fun way to explore a small region. The instructors all have different methods, and bring an incredible amount of experience, passion, and knowledge. The semester-long courses are an exciting mix of world history, geography, and vinology. Sometimes there are people in class who don't stop their personal conversations, which can be distracting. The website is very well-designed, because you barely have to click to get where you need.
My mother and I had the worst experience here. I bought us a wine class to do together as her Mother's Day gift. Upon arrival for the class, we had the door shut in our faces because the class was over booked and there were no seats. This was very confusing to me as I did pay for the class and receive a confirmation email a week prior to the class. This was not the experience I wanted for my mother during her Mother's Day gift.
We went to the wine school as a family as a present to my mother-in-law.  We were told that it would problematic if we (5) could sit together, so we argued with the instructor (Keith) and sat together anyway.  Keith, once you got through his disjointed sentences, clearly knows a great deal about wine.  One thing that sort of bothered me was his constant use of the word shit or shitty to describe things wine related.  I thought that was somewhat unprofessional and that someone who knows how to describe the nuances of wine could come up with better vocabulary. The course was very informative and I learned quite a bit, however.  Otherwise, I don't think we will be coming back.
True customer service in this place is atrocious Never attempt to change your tickets. . They did not honor ours. The owner made no attempt to handle thee situation. 
The tickets were a special gift for my wife. An example of how not to run a business
This was a really good experience. The instructor was so knowledgeable and it was such a great beginner class. I learned so much and came out of the class feeling as if I had an evening so well spent. The basics are presented in an easy style with opportunity for questions. I am planning on taking another class very soon. I would highly recommend.
Alana was so perfect for this introductory class all about finding out which wines you prefer, despite getting over her cold. We had a full house, and she did a terrific job keeping the crowd engaged while teaching us something new with each new tasting. We had a great time learning facts about wine we should have known years ago. Immediately after the class, we put our new knowledge to the test by going to the liquor store to pick out some nice wine!
I've only taken one class at the Wine School of Philadelphia so far but I was so impressed I signed up for the semester Core class immediately! The ambiance is comfortable and Alana, who taught my Sommelier Secrets class, was so knowledgeable, engaging, and warm, every level of wine enthusiast would feel welcome.
This review gets two stars ONLY because we laughed so much during this experience, or I'd give it a one. We had Keith for a bubbles class. First, there were five of us in our family. Half of us traveled from far away to be together for the holidays, and we got there early just to sit together - and then he told us multiple times we weren't allowed to sit with one another because large groups "ruin the class." He used inappropriate language throughout the class: shit, shitty, fuck, etc. He made no sense, it was extremely difficult to follow what he was saying and we walked away feeling like we didn't learn anything. He also said multiple inappropriate comments, such as "Am I the only middle class person in the room?" when people didn't immediately respond to him talking about grilling, and he compared the #metoo movement to the "wine movement." We laughed at him, not with him; very uncomfortable experience. Have a little class....
I have completed the intermediate wine certification program and it was an amazing experience.  When I started my hope was to be able to learn how to buy wine I'd like. I got that confidence for sure - but in hindsight I think the most important skill I learned was the ability to identify wine I _don't_ like and not feel like I have to drink it anyway.

The instructors are knowledgable, passionate, and patient - which was so important to teaching a novice like myself. I highly recommend the program as well as the various tasting classes they put on.
We went for a wine class (Great Wine Made Simple) & had a great time. 

Alana was knowledgable, friendly & guided us through the different wines while answering all our questions. There was lots of wine! By the end of the class, I felt like I had a better vocabulary to describe wines & aromas.

I'd recommend a class at the Wine School if you're curious or would like to learn more about wine, or even if you'd just like to drink a lot of wine you may not have tried before.

Be warned: It's very cold in the Wine School, so bring a sweater or other warm layers to wear in there.
I went to 4 classes at wine school of Philadelphia and I've had a great experience each time. Keith and Alana are both knowledgeable and make the experience fun! I have recommended wine school to friends and family members and everyone always loves the experience! I'm planning on going back as soon as I can! In the meantime I'm going to check out the online classes that are offered because of covid-19. I'm sure they will be great because the Wine School of Philadelphia is committed to making enjoyable experiences for their customers!
Had a great time at the Wine School.  Reserved a spot at the table for beer and cheese pairing event. The instructor was knowledgeable and kept the conversation going. It was a fun way to spend the evening.
Classes are informative without being stuffy or pretentious, and they're very reasonably priced.  They're perfect for a night out or a gift for a loved one.  I can't speak to the courses, but I absolutely recommend the one-off classes.
Keith and Alana have shared such great knowledge about wine, including the regions they are from, and accompanied by the rich history of the grapes. It is always a one of a kind event, that we look forward to each time. Since taking the classes I shop for and enjoy wine with new enthusiasm. I have truly developed my taste for it and have come to understand the world of wine through the Wine Schools informative, fun, education based classes.  
My husband and I are super excited for the Ultimate Champagne Class!! Thank you Keith and Alana for bringing such a unique experience to Philadelphia.
I actually love this school. Learning with Keith and Alana, is made simple. Not overwhelming at all. More fun learning the facts about wine, laws, and regions. Once you start learning with them, you just don't want to stop.  They are a great support to have in your corner on your professional journey.
Poor Customer service. I purchased two tickets to a class as a Christmas gift. Two begin, both of us took off work to attend a class that we had tickets to, for a scheduled date and time. About two weeks before the class I reviewed the website in anticipation for any related COVID protocols that I may need to be aware of to ensure our visit goes well. The website stated "Before class, you will receive an email from the Wine School Administrator with the subject line RE: Response Required", with no specific date or idea of when a email would come; for instance, "five days before the class" etc. Its great to see another restaurant in Philadelphia taking extra steps to ensure we have a safe experience. 

As with most busy people, you don't always get to your junk/spam email box on a daily basis like you do your main inbox. Upon checking my junk email box I located emails  from the Wine School requesting a response, and then a subsequent email stating my reservation is cancelled and a code was provided to schedule  class at a different date. 

I responded to the email address as soon as I found these emails, which was Thursday before a Saturday(tonight) class expressing my sincere apologies for not intercepting the email in my junk email box sooner, and that we are confirming our attendance. I received a response the next day stating that I was not able to attend the class. I also located an Facebook post on the same day, two days before the class, stating that two spots opened up for the coming Saturday Wine 101 course; the same course I had two reservations for- my tickets/reservations. 

It's unfortunate that an establishment for advertises and prides on teaching does not work better with customers looking for an experience I was hoping to give as a gift to someone. I'm sure that class sizes are extremely small right now to ensure that customers and the employees remain safe. If that were the case it would seem very reasonable for a business to contact a customer who has two dedicated and reserved seats in a class by telephone to confirm their attendance. Even if that seemed like a burden, a text message is also appropriate, similar to what every reputable restaurant does to confirm seats. If this is related to COVID-19, The process makes no sense, considering you would want to confirm someone's attendance right before the class and ensure they have not developed COVID-19 symptoms, or are in quarantine due to some type of COVID-19 exposure.

I have asked for refund of the tickets via email, with a response yet to be received. If this customer service is any indication of the experience that we were about to have this evening, I'm glad the plans fell through and we took our night elsewhere. It appears my money was taken, and now being held in the form of a gift card or credit; which is basically stealing, considering I am not forced to either walk away from the money or book a reservation for a business who has treated me poorly before I have physically been there. This reservation cancellation was performed by the business, my money was kept, and the seats resold. Seems like a tactic used to put money over experience and education. 

Hopefully customer service is reevaluated by management in the near future.
My wife and I have been going to the wine school for years now, and have nothing but great things to say.

If you're worried about the "norm" for wine tastings - having to use weird adjectives to describe the wine, having the expert talk down to you, and having no idea why the thing you're tasting is expensive or cheap...you do not have to deal with any of this at the Wine School.

The instructors are incredibly down-to-earth, and take the most unpretentious approach to teaching their students about wine.  They love answering questions.  They foster curiosity, and made wine fun for us.

We ended up taking the Core Wine Course over several weeks, and would highly recommend it.  We still go back regularly for specialty classes about things like Italian wines, Japanese Whiskey, and exotic wines.

In short: it's a ton of fun, and if you ever hoped that wine could be as down-to-earth and fun to explore as beer, then this is your spot.
A serious place to learn about wine. Keith and Alana know their stuff. Since passing the Foundation and Intermediate level exams, not only has my wine IQ improved tremendously, but my love and appreciation for wine has grown seriously deep. Have a blast with their themed, two-hour tasting classes, or get intense with their Core Wine Courses. 

This is the real deal. Highly recommended.
There's so much to love about the Wine School of Philadelphia! My husband and I enjoyed an introductory class taught by Alana and we immediately registered for the core program levels 1&2. We're just about to finish this program and already registered for level 3! It's refreshing to be a student again, studying something we're highly interested in and Keith is the ultimate teacher. He's funny as anything, delivers each class with a well thought out plan and shares his incredible knowledge in ways that work for entire group (which has a variety of personalities and knowledge levels). 
If you're taking the core classes, you absolutely need to be interested in learning about wine and the science behind it... not just interested in drinking it. Amazing though how you can appreciate a glass after understanding how it got there. 
Thank you Keith and Alana!
Always a great evening to go to a wine class with Keith or one of his colleagues. We enter the world of wine , with a very comprehensive overview of the wine region , historical notes , terroir  description and association with wine flavors  , nose  , wine making, science and chemistry, and finally a very enjoyable experience and degustation!
My husband and I love the Wine School! We attend a few classes each year and Keith is very knowledgeable, yet extremely down to earth! We always have a great time while learning something knew about wine or cocktails. I highly recommend taking a class here, but make sure you buy the insurance just incase you have to reschedule.
This place has expanded my wine knowledge beyond what I could've imagined! I started taking courses a few years ago thinking I wanted a foundation. But, then you realize how vast and interesting the wine world is, and you're hooked. The Wine School is SO knowledgeable about everything wine, beer, cocktails, and food. They have great consumer-level classes for a fun night out, or more professional classes if you're more serious about booze. Can't say enough good things!
I have been attending the Wine School for about 5 years now and I continue to check the calendar for new classes and encourage other wine geeks to take a class here.  Keith and Alana are extremely knowledgeable and I always leave having learned something new.  I have done both wine courses and single classes and each time I am amazed and how fun and lively the classes are.  I will continue to come here for years to come (and bring friends).
After experiencing the core program and currently taking the Italian wine specialist course with the Wine School, I have many things to say about the quality you will receive here: 

The instruction you will receive from Keith and Alana is unparalleled. I have sat down in many situations to learn about wine from all kinds of mentors in my career; Keith and Alana are hands down the exception. Lectures are incredibly informative, concise and packed with useful and applicable information that can bring value to you regardless of whether you are doing the classes for fun or you want to translate your knowledge to a wine related position. Not only are the lectures incredibly in-depth and well-made but they also very engaging and often funny. Keith's intentions for his students are pure and genuine, as he seeks only to want individuals to succeed and become better versed in such a broad and expanding subject matter.

Some advice for those looking to do a course: Walk in with an open mind, humility, and a positive mindset. Check your ego at the door.
Do study and make an effort outside of the class, take notes on the wines, pay attention and above all, have fun. This is such a fun experience if you really seek to sit down and learn. I have made friends from these lectures that I still stay in touch with to this day. 

My last point is this: My customers have received tremendous value due to the things I learned from Keith. I have been able to translate my lectures at the wine school into real life scenarios in helping all kinds of people learn and appreciate wine on a new level. I owe much of that to Keith, and for that I am grateful.

Make an appointment to attend a lecture or do the core program, you will not regret the decision.
The Wine School is really fun! I like the variety of events they offer. Tickets are a bit pricey but you get a LOT of alcohol for your money, so it's a fair price. I would highly recommend this for a date night activity!
