Ok.  So I'm going to scare you. DON'T RUN HERE ALONE.

I used to go for 18 mile out-and-backs to Wissahickon from the city, via the schuykill river trail.  It's beautiful and transports you out of the city, yet remains within city limits.

But that ritual stopped when this happened:

On a run, mid-day, got a gut instinct to turn back home. Passed an older man followed by a group of three  teenagers.  Waved at the man, who waved back, while the teenagers just stared back at me with glazed eyes.

That evening, told my friend where I ran that day.  His face turned grave and he told me an older white man had been beaten up by 3 teenagers and left fractured and bleeding on the trail.  Happened around the time I was running.

The boys were never caught.

I haven't run in Wissahickon since :(  It's a shame we have to worry about these things.
Awesome place for running, biking, hiking! It's nice and shady, for the most part - so good to escape the city heat. You feel like you are NOT in the city, but still are! I love it here!

Pro tip: Park at the Wissahickon TC train station... nice, big, free lot. Usually pretty empty at least on the weekends. Walk down the hill to the left, and enter the park on the trail by the bridge. It's about 1.5 miles on that part of the trail to Forbidden Drive.
To hell with 5 stars, this is a 10 star experience!  Let's make sure everyone knows what an incredible variety of things you can do on this wonderful trail.

* You can walk, jog, run, bike, or horseback ride.
* You can choose easy trails or ones that will kick your butt.
* You can bring your dog.
* It's a photographer's dream. (Check out the posted pictures.)
* You can just plain enjoy everything nature has to offer.
* You can picnic.
* Escape the heat in the summertime. (It's mostly in the shade.)
* You can access it from several locations.
* You can visit all year round.
* You can see historic sites.
* Appreciate historical structures.

They say "A picture is worth a thousand words."  There are dozens of pictures posted here.  Even though they are great, they don't do this incredible place justice.  There's only one solution- Get your Yelpy butts out there and enjoy it!
This is one of my favorite trails in the Philadelphia area, and you can't beat its price: free. It runs along the Wissahickon, and there's lots to see, from rock faces and vegetation to the creek itself.

It's well-traveled, safe and peaceful. You're never alone. Watch for bikers, joggers, walkers, and riders on horseback. Once I saw a tyke on a Power Wheels car! If you get lost, there are markers along the path so you can tell emergency personnel exactly where you're picnicking.

There's a cafe by one of the trail's entrances that I've yet to check out...
Caves to spelunk, vines for the swinging, cliffs to jump, G.P.S. treasures to hunt, trails to trek, creeks to fish, ford, and launch your dead pet's funeral boats upon... Wissahickon has it all. Thick with lush vegetation and active with local wildlife, from Valley Green's resident flocks of fowl to Wissahickon transfer center's opening day waterfall fishery, this park is a prime destination spot year round. Whether you're horseback riding, biking through the hills (with permit), skiing down the ever prevalent slopes after a snowfall, or just ambling along on a warm spring constitutional, you'll not find a more beautiful and natural place in Philadelphia. As a Roxborough native, this was practically my personal play pen growing up, but even fresh faces will become enamored. Next time the sun is out, grab your comfy foot gear, forage for a walking/beat off the crazies stick, and get back to nature only minutes from center city, just watch out for those horse apples. 

There are also cool historic things back the Crick (how I've always referred to it), like an old time paper mill (still operating for touring purposes), the finger bridge and covered bridge, a statue or two, some ancient looking ranger houses, and informative plaques randomly scattered throughout.

Some of the Public Parking:
http://maps.google.com/maps/ms?ie=UTF&msa=0&msid=210485173569154004813.0004ab1a442bac0939b52

Some (but by no means all) spots worth checking out:
http://maps.google.com/maps/ms?ie=UTF&msa=0&msid=210485173569154004813.0004aadd7a2e577157193
There's much, much more to Philadelphia than Center City. The Northwest is home to gorgeous neighborhoods like Chestnut Hill, Mt. Airy, and Germantown. These, and other enclaves, follow the sinuous Wissahickon Creek, which is the spine of the Wissahickon Valley Park and its trail system. It takes years to truly know the Wissahickon and discover its many hidden gems. But it only takes one visit to see how unique and beautiful it is, no matter the time of day or time of year. 

A good place to start is with Forbidden Drive, named back in the 1920s because cars were and still are largely banned. Head to Valley Green where you can park your car and stretch next to a rustic inn that serves full meals and snacks, before heading onto Forbidden Drive. From this gravel path you can access trails with more strenuous and steeper terrain for hiking, trail running, mountain biking, and even horseback riding. Need a map? You can buy a detailed trail map from the website of the Friends of the Wissahickon. Also on that site is a GoogleMap link showing parking areas and trailheads.
Wissahickon Valley Trail is a wonderful wooded park in North Philadelphia.  It provides a sense of calm in an otherwise hectic city.  There are lots of people walking, jogging, mountain biking and walking their dogs.  If you're an outdoors kind of person, this place is perfect for you!  Check it out.  You won't regret it!
Lovely little stroll here in Fairmount Park on the edge of the city border yesterday to savor that last bit of foliage. 

I've always wanted to come and do the 2 mile walk from Forbidden Drive along the Wissickon  Creek down to Valley Green Inn for brunch one weekend, but I never knew just where to park at this end of the trail! Found it! I was so excited when I saw the sign over there on the west side of the bridge! Can't wait to come back and do it!! It's been "on the list" for a few years now. 

I actually took the trail on the east side this time because I wanted to wait for the fam to do the other as it's something we've talked about doing together....

It was paved and clearly marked. There were a couple of other walkers and pups along the way. Everyone was friendly and I felt safe walking alone late morning. 

I veered off trail which to me is where the magic happens! I walked down to the water, saw some interesting leaves and other fun natural elements. Man, I love nature! I kept thinking of how badly I wishes my little explorers were with me! This stuff is our favorite!

I'm so excited I stumbled upon this part of the trail located not too far from Chestnut Hill. It makes for a nice thing to do before or after a trip there! 

I look forward to exploring more and finding the Lenape Indian statue from the early 1900's, the covered bridge and the horse stable! Perhaps maybe even a fox which signs to indicated they live here too! 

There is only one negative to this end of the park, and that is getting to the trail. While the parking lots were large and marked with numbers, one on each side of the bridge, neither have a pedestrian path! There's a very small shoulder along a very busy road cars come zipping down! Please use caution! It wasn't very safe! And there were wet leaves this time of year which could lead to someone slipping into traffic. Not good!
All the reviews capture the rare beauty of the Wissahikon Valley, carved out by the creek by the same name over the past 125 million years.  It is an amazing work of nature so close to the urban Philadelphia center.  

The only things I can add are from an historic and geologic perspective.  The reference to the hermit cave derives from a settlement of Christian end of days sect who lived primitively along the creek in the 19th Century. The ruins remain in some places. 

If you love rocks, the Valley is a very special place as well.  Due to a fault line that runs nearby, the area has shifted significantly over the millennia. The rock we see today was once more than 10 miles below the surface. The tectonic plates lifted and convoluted the strata of rock with pressure and heat so great that the nature of the rock changed from a granite bedrock formation into a waving and blistered schist.  It can be seen everywhere along the creek.  The good news is that this geologic action created a treasure trove of crystals to be found with a little effort. Mica (clear to black), Garnet(ruby red to burnt orange), Tourmaline(black and brown), Kyanite(sky blue) and others minerals are everywhere.  So, it is a great place to go with a bucket, strainer, geo hammer and eye protection. 

Be careful after rains, as the Wissahikon Creek becomes savage and swells to several times its normal flow for many hours after the storm passes.  While the scour it causes reveals more riches, it can also quickly take a life.  Don't go alone. 

This is some of the finest 1,800 acres of park land you will see east of the Mississippi.
We had never been to the Wissahickon Valley Trail/ Forbidden Drive  and decided to check it out today for some hiking.  We utilized fellow Yelper's   (Emmett M) Google map http://bit.ly/Hr3lOu  and parked  our vehicle at  #5  Salvatore Louis Pachella memorial field.   It is a prefect starting point with different trail heads. 

We really had a great time. The park system has a great mix of paved paths, gravel and dirt for walking/jogging/biking/hiking.  It also has a lot of singletrack   for mountain biking (permit needed for certain areas).

We decided to stop by the Green Valley Inn  on the Forbidden Drive to pick up a detailed map of the  Wissahickon Valley, it was very helpful. 

One of many things that caught my eye was 'Philadelphia's First Drinking Fountain' that was built into the rock formation back in 1854 for people who were traveling by horse along the Forbidden Drive (the 'turnpike'). The fountain was sourced by clean flowing/ natural spring water.  Unfortunately, by 1957 the water had become too polluted to drink and the fountain had to be sealed.  (so you better pack a  stainless steel water bottle or hydration pack :-)

During our exploring, we found a covered bridge, horseback riders, walked along the bedrock and checked out a couple of small waterfalls. 

Looking forward to returning, lots more to explore. Singletracks dot com  http://www.singletracks.com/bike-trails/wissahickon-valley-park.html  has some good mountain biking reviews of the WVT.
This is the place to be if you're looking for some nature and outdoor time!  I've had this place on my to go list for some time and finally had the opportunity for a Sunday stroll with adults and little ones as well.  The adults were able to get good exercise and the little ones enjoyed because there were little dancing feet in strollers and eyes wide open taking in nature.

We chose the forbidden drive entrance, found parking and headed to the trail.  We decided on the main trail as there weren't too many inclines and comfortable rides in the strollers.  Before we got to the main trail, it was a bit bumpy so we had to carry the strollers before the fun began. 

While the parking lot was relatively crowded, the trail was not crowded at all.  People were spaced out really well so social distancing was pretty easy.  We were able to get good pictures of nature and each other without impeding on other people's experience.  The creek was along the path so the scenery was beautiful and the sounds of nature was a highlight.  There was some rain a day or so before so some parts were muddy, comfy shoes are a must but expect it to get dusty or muddy.  We walked a lot and still had so much more of the park to discover.  We could have stayed and walked more of the trail but the boss babies had other plans!  It was a great time!
Just walked the trail with my dog. We had a blast even though it was muddy from the rain. Next time I will bike here.
Let's be honest. Nature has an advantage over pretty much all other spots that are reviewable on Yelp, at least for me. This place is gorgeous, vast, and such a welcome reprieve from the city life that is happening just a few miles away.

Let me tell you a story about what made me ultimately fall in love with the trail. It was a rainy day in late spring. Though warm and damp, the spot I chose to get on the trail was still busy. There were people playing and swimming in the river, diners at the Inn, and bikers and runners all along Forbidden Drive. My friend told me she was taking me mountain biking and she showed up at my front door and took me and my very very modest (ie crappy) mountain bike to the trails. We were on our way.

My friend, mind you, has a fancy-ass mountain bike and many years of experience. This, I discovered, was the first time I'd truly been mountain biking. It turns out, pleasure riding my mountain bike along the Schuylkill River trail doesn't count as mountain biking. Who knew?

It was wet, slippery, there were rocks and sharp turns, and steep hills and poison ivy everywhere. I was muddy as hell and happy as could be after this experience. I found a way to escape-all while feeling slightly terrified while doing so. I can't wait to come back here, though next time it will probably be for running or hiking. I need a break from those bike trails.
This place is like being in another world!!  You would never think that a place this beautiful would exist in Philly. Or anywhere else I can think of.

Trail upon trail upon trail of amazing hiking, beautiful streams and bridges, and waterfalls.  Seriously breath taking!
The Wissahickon Valley Trail is one of the most beautiful and under-appreciated gems of Philadelphia.  The city always touts the Fairmount Park system, as it is the largest public park system of any major city in the US, but there is hardly enough emphasis on the right parts. 

I grew up in rural southern New Jersey, and I started living in the city when I went to college.  10 years later, I still pine for the natural features and beauty of the country.  The walk my girlfriend and I took on Sunday reminded me both of what I longed to have, as well as what I can get in Philadelphia.  We saw so many wild animals, birds, natural springs, a covered bridge, flowers, plants, and so much more.  We got great exercise, plenty of sun, and breathed deeply the fresh, near-summer air (cooled by the water and the shade-- it was 90 degrees that day and felt like 80).  

I want to go back every weekend if just to breath the air.
I really love Wissahickon.  Miles of gorgeous scenery and tons of trails coming off the main one.  Depending on the trails you choose you can easily get hours of quality hiking in, or just a leisurely stroll.  The unofficial dog beach was a blast as well.

There are tons of trail heads spread along the stretch from Fairmount up to Bells Mill, so don't park with all the chaos if you don't have to.  I'd recommend finding a less used trail head and skipping the parking troubles on the weekend.
I hate running.

But I love running the Wissahickon Valley Trail!

See that?  That was a bait and switch. It's employed to either trick you, or get you excited about something. In this case, the latter. And you're definitely getting excited about the Wissahickon Valley Trail, because if you're not, get the hell out!

The Wissahickon Valley Trail is my place to run and be at peace with everything. The scenery is awesome - almost Ithaca level of breathtaking, but right here in Philly!

Me and my brother like to pretend that they're taking the hobbits to Isengard. It makes us run faster.

Pro-tip: One does not simply walk into Mordor. That, and watch out for horse crap. They never show that in the movies.
Dear long-silvery-haired man who owns an Akita,

If you know your dog has a problem with other dogs and is prone to approaching said other dogs without his tail a-wagging, possibly with the intention of being aggressive with said other dogs, please keep your dog on a leash.  This will prevent me from nearly having a heart attack/wanting to beat your dog with any nearby object as it growls and attacks my dog, who is probably a good forty-pounds less than your dog, approaches everyone with tail a-wagging, and is on a leash.  Alrighty.  Super.  Thanks.

**

So the trails here are, generally, less taken.. which is nice because then the dogs can come off leash with relative ease and safety.  Probably fifty percent of the dogs we saw were running free and happy (one running free and angry).  But after the akita dog attack incident I kind of soured on the place (my dog came out relatively unscathed, but still).  We'll probably be back, because it's the best nearby wilderness in the area, but if I see any leashless-akitas, I'm yelling at the owner, picking up the nearest longest stick, and fending them off with all my might.

Edit: 
Ok, after a revist I'm bumping this up to the four stars it deserves.  But seriously, if you see a silvery-haired man with an Akita.. don't say I didn't warn you.
This is my 100th Yelp review. 

The 100th has to be special. The Wissahickon Valley Trail and Forbidden Drive meets that criteria.

I was first introduced to this wonderful area when I had first moved to Philly and was teaching at a charter school in Nicetown. The school wisely took advantage of the trail. We would walk students there for field trips and enter at Lincoln Drive. Wissahickon Valley Trail is a wonderful place for youngsters to develop an appreciation of nature. The school would at minimum use it once in Fall and once in Spring and I would always look forward to those days.

I have recently discovered another part of the trail, accessible at Northwestern Drive. That is where the Andorra Run meets the Wissahickon Creek. I took my high school class there for a lesson with the Wissahickon Environmental Center. Could there be a better place to learn about watersheds? For any fellow teachers reading this: the WEC is great, I highly recommend working with them.

I now run on the trail from Northwestern Drive to the Valley Green Inn and back. That's 2.5 miles each way for a nice 5 mile loop. Along the way, you see the covered bridge, the only covered bridge still standing in a major American city and a few WPA built structures that are beautifully rustic. If only we could do stimulus today like we did in the 1930s!

There are a few historical markers along the way and the creek is gorgeous, especially at the dams. I love the sound of the water cascading down them. It is the perfect place to run: you are ensconced by the trees overhead and have a forest on one side, the Creek on the other. One drawback is that it tends to hold in humidity so it can stay very muddy in spots after rain. The surface is hard dirt, not concrete, much more forgiving on the knees. I really notice the difference when I finish my route and run for a second on the paved Northwestern Avenue.

Having run in Central Park and on Forbidden Drive, its not's not close. I'd rather run on Forbidden Drive any day.
This is my favorite place to walk, hike or run in the city of Philadelphia. 

Some advice:
* People and dogs do swim in the Wissahickon, but be warned that it is more polluted than it looks.
* If you park in one of the lots along Lincoln Drive use the marked spaces only. I've seen lots of cars get parking tickets.
* There are miles and miles of trails with all surprises including statues, a hermit's cave, and many other hidden gems.


There is an active advocacy group for the part called Friends of Wissahickon.
http://fow.org/
You can buy a trail map from them and they also offer frequent guided walks.
I absolutely adore Wissahickon Valley Trail & Forbidden Drive. We  ride out bikes regularly on the 14 mile loop from Chestnut Hill to Manayunk and back, but what I really love is the free, guided hikes that meet several nights a week - I've been doing the Tuesday night hike for about 3 weeks now and its fantastic.I never knew how much of the park I was missing. 

Wissahickon Gorge Wandering. Brisk-paced hike of about 5-7 miles. Meet at 6:30 pm by Valley Green Inn. Bring water and a flashlight or a head lamp. Bad weather cancels. Leader: David Stein at david0857[at]verizon[dot]net.  

Tuesdays in the Wissahickon. Casual social hike through the hills of the Wissahickon Gorge. Bring water and flashlight. Always an option for dinner following the hike. Meet at Bruno's, corner of Germantown and Northwestern Aves. 6:30 PM. Nasty weather will cancel the hike.Leaders: Pat Naismith at hikerbabepat[at]gmail[dot]com
I almost don't want to tell you about the Wissahickon Valley Trail because I like to consider it my little secret.  This trail is tucked in near the city but provides a feeling of being very removed from it.  At any time of the year there is natural beauty which will inspire and comfort the soul.  
The amount of biodiversity is amazing- if you like ducks, bring some bread. They are waiting for you! 
The Valley Green Inn is an excellent spot for a business lunch or to impress a date.  They left the "hiking" for the the trail and kept the prices reasonable.  I especially like the lemonade with fresh strawberries in it- pretty and tasty.
WOW!  I heart this trail!!!  Only been here once and can't wait to explore more terrain!

Love the fact that it's so close to NJ and it's F-R-E-E, FREE!!!!

Also love the options to be able to take on these trails via foot, bike, or by horse!

Come in the fall and see beautiful fall foliage, rivers, streams, waterfalls!

We brunched in Manayunk and then drove here to hike...super close and a wonderful way to spend a Sunday!  

You can bring your dogs too!
Can't wait to come back here again!
I am so impressed! This is what nature is all about, man. My sister in law brought me to this place and I really couldn't have pictured how much I would love and be filled with nature during my time there. I mean, plush, in its organic state, waterfalls, moss, flowers and plants I've never seen before... just really beautiful. We went on Memorial Day weekend, so it was a little more crowded than I would have preferred, but still really bearable. I just feel like you couldn't walk an eighth of a mile and not discover something cool. I'm not a fan of heights, so I won't be returning to walk the high cliff areas with the rest of my family, but I can't imagine how thrilling that would be if I weren't! 

Oh and the drive to the trail is so pleasant. It's a whole mood.. beautiful, older homes, just really well kept area... I actually wouldn't mind living there if I would ever move to Philly.

I'm already planning our next trip and I'm bringing some people who I know would be as equally impressed!
If you love nature and outings involving the outdoor elements you would love Wissahickon Valley Trails. It's a great place for biking, hiking, fishing or just spending quality time with family , friends or just you and mother nature! 

Nature was all over me when I decided to visit last week for a hike on the white trail. I must say walking miles and miles on rocks and gravel was quite the adventure. I even climbed steeped hills, jumped over tree limbs and slid through muddy paths lol.

During the trail I saw the last covered bridge, an Indian statue and hidden parts of Fairmount Park.

Overall it was definitely a different world and also beautiful to explore my horizons and appreciate the simplicity of the Universe. Just hearing the birds sing and the clear water flow down the stream.... ahh makes you forget about the everyday hustle and bustle of life.

The feeling was peaceful, tranquil and serene and I definitely look forward to visiting again and connecting with nature's most beautiful gift!
Alyson's review of Forbidden Drive is right on.  In addition to the Drive, though, the Valley is full of AWESOME singletrack!  Nearly all of the trails, which are used by hikers, mountain bikers, and horseback riders, start and end on the Drive at clearly marked trailheads.   I can't speak to the hiking or horseback riding, but for mountain bikers, the trails are both technical and fast.  To get off the floor of the valley, the only way is up.  The ascents are rocky and technical, about 1/8 to 1/4 mile up.  For my out-of-shape a$$, brutal.  But once you get up off the creek floor, the trails are rolling, easy to follow, beautiful singletrack.  Lots of technical sections with fast breaks between.  Since most sections loop up and back from the drive, you can string together a ride of almost any length, up to about 18 miles, without riding the same sections twice.   The Drive is also great for warm-up and cool-down.  When you get too tired to ride the technical stuff safely, hit the crushed cinder to air it out.  

Amazing mountain biking inside the city limits.  We've got it all over Central Park.
Courtesy of Yelp.  Bf found this place to hike for a few hours to end a weekend trip in Philly before heading back to NYC.  I LOVE this place.  Dog friendly and with multiple hiking trails.  

One of the trails is through the trees, and another trail is on flatter terrain for the not so fit folks like me.  I obviously prefer the flatter terrain, but the adventurous bf and dog takes me to the trail through the trees.  Not as difficult as I thought it would be. Definitely an adventure when we have to stop and let the road bikers through or the occasional smell of horse poop.

Pictures:
1) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uwF2zLAnZZ1SCwEF8QQKQA?select=eajIHcxAx3ptcZ0NgBZ81g#eajIHcxAx3ptcZ0NgBZ81g
2) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uwF2zLAnZZ1SCwEF8QQKQA?select=4-0ITDk9DsX3iJ4ZcfDOhg#4-0ITDk9DsX3iJ4ZcfDOhg
3) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uwF2zLAnZZ1SCwEF8QQKQA?select=PSMSoD0ARp2MESBa9W-GdQ#PSMSoD0ARp2MESBa9W-GdQ
4) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uwF2zLAnZZ1SCwEF8QQKQA?select=TcikYX8uSAxNCAVLrgt-Rw#TcikYX8uSAxNCAVLrgt-Rw
5) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uwF2zLAnZZ1SCwEF8QQKQA?select=E_oxbGtV6QA8X9jZHbncmg#E_oxbGtV6QA8X9jZHbncmg

Tip:  
Bring something to drink!

ENJOY!!
I grew up in nearby Fort Washington and, as a kid, often biked, hiked or ran this trail with my family. I always enjoyed it.

Today, we rode in from Lancaster, dropped the dog and youngest son off at grandma's, and parked at the Equestrian Stables near Chesnut Hill. We were able to click off a leisurely 3.5 miles before little legs wanted to turn around and head back. What did we see in 3.5 miles?

1. History. The Forbidden Drive was closed in 1923, according to placards placed along the trail. Not only will you read about the history of the trail, but will see covered bridges and stone bridges over the Wissahickon, water fountains (now sealed closed) from the early 1900's, Valley Green Inn (1850), and lots of 1938 WPA pavilions. You are riding history here...stop and learn it. Kids were impressed to find the former mill site that made paper for Ben Franklin!

2. Lots of people (safety in numbers), doing lots of awesome stuff. A wedding reception was ending at Valley Green...runners, bikers/mountain bikers (up in the trails), geocachers, fishers, swimmers,dog walkers, picnicers...you name it, this park provides ample opportunity to do whatever you want to do (GOSH!). It'svery safeby day, but I probably wouldn't send the wife out alone after dark.

3. Nature, nature, nature: rock formations, water falls, and lots of trails to explore. Another day.

4. Valley Green Inn: an awesome spot. Snack bar was open, and we shared a funnel cake. The inn itself has a beautiful front porch to watch the world go by; food was decently priced on the menu posted outside, but I can't vouch for the quality. I can vouch for the scenery and historical setting. Yes.

For those of you lucky enough to live nearby, good for you.I can't think of a better place to spend an afternoon getting some serenity and recreation. It's been about 6 years since we were here last, but it won't be another 6, guaranteed...this place has topped our biking-destination list!
I've been on more beautiful trails in more beautiful places, but not many that are INSIDE a city.  I ived in East Falls for a long time and occasionally utilized this park, but sadly really only discovered some of the more beautiful sections prior to moving much further away to So. Philly.  This really is a great park with some nice hiking as well as some fun things to see like the Tolerance and Indian statues and some historical houses, etc.  It's a natural gem in Philly.  As Poe said, "...the Wissahiccon [sic] is of so remarkable a loveliness that, were it flowing in England, it would be the theme of every bard, and the common topic of every tongue."  Check it out.
Used to come here as a kid with my family. 

Really nice trails to walk walk, hike or bike alone or with your family.

Used to come here all the time with my family as a kid, and haven't been here in a while, but from the reviews it hasn't changed too much since I was there. 

I remember walking the trails with my parents and siblings and bringing our dog with us to give our dog a chance to jump in the lake and cool off. There is lots of grounds to walk through and so much nature to enjoy.
If you like scenic runs, this is the place for you. The park has beautiful wooded paths that overlook streams, and there are several interconnecting trails that are good for hiking.

There are always a lot of people on the weekends and most evenings after work, so it's perfectly fine to run alone. But I wouldn't recommend coming past dusk if you're running solo...it just feels creepy, trust me on this one.
This might be one of my favorite places of all time, not just in Philadelphia.  Luckily, our winter has had an identity crisis, bringing warmer days to the region.  This means more days to enjoy the trail.  

The trail has many offshoots so if the paved trail is a bit too easy for you, you can up the difficulty.  On a recent trip, I took the beau across the river to the rockier terrain.  The roots, rocks, and fallen trees were not our friends and I am sure he is still angry at me.  Maybe I will leave that for solo trips.  

On more leisurely trips, I have enjoyed to historical plaques to help point out noteworthy Philadelphia facts - like how we had the first water fountain (on the trail) and about the Lenape warrior statue.

Whatever your fitness level, the Wissahickon Trail is a good place to burn calories without feeling like you are burning calories.
This park and trial is one of the nicer places to walk in the city. 
Lush green canopy of trees with a flowing stream and jutting rock faces. 
A quaint little restaurant at the midpoint of the trail. A gravel trail that is kept in excellent condition. 
A lovely covered bridge to walk across and enjoy a feeling of history. 

All these things make it special. 
Just remember that the trail is shared with bikers darting to and fro. The occasional horse and the smelly wreckage they leave behind.  Better make sure you are paying attention at all times.
This place doesn't seem like it should be in Philly. Twenty feet into the forest, and it feels like you're a world away.
It's so large, that you can enter it from different spots and never see the same thing twice. 
Depending on what you want to do, Wissahickon offers both challenging hikes and short walks. There's also access to a huge crick, and lots of historic sites dispersed throughout. 
Absolutely gorgeous and worth trying more than once.
I'm NOT, by any means, a jogger. However, I'm WORKING on it!  lol  I'm a champion speed-walker, and for now, that's good enough for me! lol  That being said, I have to tell you about one of my favorite walking spots!

There is nothing like a nice morning walk at Valley Green. My bf and I love to start our weekends off that way, the earlier the better. Not to sound corny, but it's so quiet and peaceful out there, just you and nature. There's something soothing about the sound of the cool, running stream and fresh morning air. It's therapeutic, almost.

We usually find a good brunch spot after our walk. What a great way to spend a Saturday morning.
I love this place! You can explore wooded trails or open meadows. Lots of the trees are labeled, and the trails are clearly marked. You can even use Google Maps to see all the trails and where they'll take you. You can bring your dog or bike, too.

The parking lot at the Environmental Center is not too big, so beware.
I've somehow been in Philadelphia for 2+ years yet just discovered how marvelous Wissahickon Valley Trail is a few weeks ago.

I came here with my dog one Saturday to hike, not expecting much more than racking up steps on my Fitbit. 

Let me tell you, this place is full of STUNNING NATURAL VIEWS.

We took the paved Forbidden Trail, and I couldn't stop taking pictures of beautiful sight after beautiful sight.  There are also lots of pups to say hello to while on the trail.

We didn't even realize how many miles we had walked until got back to our car.  We had an amazing time and didn't even get sunburnt thanks to the shade of all of the trees.

The only thing that could be improved would be if people on horseback would clean their horse's poop.  That was plain nasty.
This is an extraordinary oasis of woods, trails and streams in Philadelphia. When I first moved here (from the Main Line), I couldn't believe how beautiful it is--and that's true no matter what the season. 

In the summer, the pup loves to swim at dog beach, along with other dogs, and that's so much fun. 

In all the seasons, we love to hike here and never get tired of it. Considering it's an urban park, an especially amazing thing is just how clean it is: the other day, I was there and hiked for about an hour and never once saw any trash littered on the trail. There was also very little graffiti. That's thanks to the hard-working Friends of the Wissahickon. 

One thing to be careful about: this area is full of ticks, so check carefully when you're home, and check your pup too. Lyme Disease is no joke around here!
Wizzle Wuzzle?? Wissahickon!

What a great multiuse trail and (huge) park within the City of Philadelphia limits! Hiking, biking, fishing, running, dog walking; we saw it all! This was a great place to spend a few hours hiking, without having to drive out of the city a few hours. 

The main trail is easy enough for families, and there are many offshoots. There's a rockier trail to the other side of the Wissahickon, just be sure to have good shoes for the slippery rocks, but it's not that bad. 

I was super jealous of the people fishing here, including the fly fisher. "The name of the creek comes from the Lenape word wiessahitkonk, for 'catfish creek' or 'stream of yellowish color'. (I looked it up on Wikipedia so you won't have to ask the Friends of the Wissahickon what it means and have a 20-minute explanation!)
One of the most beautiful places you'll find in Philadelphia.  Outstanding place to go for a walk, run, bike ride, hike or walk your dog.  Path is as wide as a road and really firm.  Moving along the creek is so relaxing.  So many paths and so many places to stop off at along the trail you'll need a lifetime to see it all.  Love living so close by and taking friends from outside Philly here.  Recommend it to anyone out-doorsy person in the area!
What an amazing way to spend a weekend afternoon! The canopy of trees provides natural air conditioning on a hot summer day and the sounds of chirping birds and babbling brooks takes you to a place so far from Philadelphia without ever leaving the city limits. I was amazed to see how many miles worth of trails actually exist through the confines of the park and only dabbled in about a 3 mile loop with the baby pooch, but managed in that time to find out that he absolutely loves nature and is a wiz at the doggie paddle.

Everyone seems to abide by the leash rule with their dogs and are very friendly, how could you not be when you're surrounded by so much beauty? The great thing about taking the Forbidden Trail in from Lincoln Drive is that every so often you will find a historical plaque that explains what happened at those points...everything from the Revolutionary War through the building of the huge Walnut Lane Bridge in 1908. 

We kind of found parking on a lark as we were about to give up driving around and as we were coming back down Lincoln Drive so I'm not sure where there is alternate parking, but we had no problems finding a spot where we did on a gorgeous Saturday summer afternoon. 

This is a great way to train for the Susan G. Komen 3-Day as the entrance to Wissahickon is just about 6 miles from Boat House Row and 8 from my apartment. Last year's training took me on adventures from Center City to Chestnut Hill by way of the main park trail, mile 11 had me taking SEPTA home, but it's nice to know how easily accessible outlying areas of the city can be even when you're car-less.
Just too nice to be at a stuffy gym. So I decided to go for a nice walk on Wissahock Valley Trail. 
It is the perfect place to be to take a long leisurely walk, ride a bike, walk your dog, take a hike, jog or run a country mile. 
Just a lovely place to be. People that are walking past you speak or give you a knowing smile because you're enjoying your day just like them. 
I go to this trail mostly when the weather is nice and just want to walk in peace and be with nature.  For some reason I feel safe here. Which is strange for me, because I always keep my eyes open.
The waterfalls and streams are breathtaking.  Lots of hiking trails for all levels of fitness too. 
It's 23 miles of beautiful nature right in the city limits.  
So if you've never been there, I recommend you check it out. It's totally free along with free parking too. 
One downside, I don't see any bathrooms,  just porta pottys, so go before you go.
I've hiked around a lot of places, mostly along the Pacific Northwest coast (with mountains and rivers galore), and I did not expect something as nice as the Wissahickon Trail within such a short distance of the city.  I am a definite fan of the trail; it's serene and natural.  And it runs along the creek with a lot of little side trails, and it leaves the highway as well so there aren't annoying traffic noises around.  There are also plenty of trees around!  The trails are well-maintained!  Clean, environmentally-friendly toilets abound!

I definitely recommend coming here for a bike trip on a nice autumn day.
Nice scenery of nature. Great trail for running, walking, hiking and biking. Plenty of places to sit for a short break along the way.
Ah, Wissahickon Trail ... I want to set up a tent and live on you forever. Seriously, you made me forget all about the screaming kids from my neighborhood, the wretched stench of the city on a hot day and, well, pretty much anything else discomforting about city life.

What more could I ask for from a life partner?
My personal paradise. I'm well traveled and can honestly say that there are few things I've seen that are more beautiful than the Wissahickon Creek on an early spring, summer, or fall morning. 

My four year old and I hike here all the time and have made memories that will last a life time (if you've ever been running and heard a little boy yell "you can do it! nice work!" or had him run alongside you and challenge you to a race...that's us). One only need to read the plaques on the benches staggered all over the trail to recognize that the trail had a similar effect on many others.  

I'm also a dedicated trail runner and although I've run the network of trails running parallel to the stream a hundred+ times, they don't seem to get any easier! You will be gassed by the time you're finished, but it's entirely offset by the serenity of the place.

The trail truly has something for everyone and I'm sure you'll love it if you've never been. 

One final note: please try and keep it clean. I've noticed an increasing amount of trash on the trail network. Not picking up after yourself is the ultimate form of ignorance and laziness. There are trash cans everywhere...use them!
Lots of fun and nature's beauty for the whole family.  We take the kids here for a 'feeding the ducks" play date and mini hike (2-5 year olds) and they just love it.  Especially in good weather (not too hot or humid or raining).  Don't miss it!
The Wissahickon Valley is a nearly perfect urban oasis.

Water, trees, birds, deer, walking and biking paths, horseback riding, covered bridges, and an early American Inn that still serves the public. Ahhh, pure unadulterated bliss!
My favorite part about this park is that it's only 30 minutes away from where I live: Center City! I used to think the Jersey Shore would be a great day trip when I bought a car, but this beats it out simply for the ease of being here and because it's basically free minus gas money.

The park is active and well very clean. Today I did the orange trail through the valley green east entrance. There's plenty of parking FYI. As for what you'll find, expect mountain bikers, many hikers, walking along the stream, a waterfall, fishing, and semi-strenuous hiking. From 1-10 with 10 being extremely difficult, I'd give the portion I did a 3.5.

Overall, this place is beautiful, lively, and a welcome detour away from Center City!

Oh, and the roads are winding, making for super fun driving!
Wissahickon Valley Trail does my soul good! Here in the middle of Philadelphia is a beautiful, quiet forest. Once on the trail, you'd never know that you are in a major East Coast City. 

If I can get my butt going in the morning, I like to bike out to the Tavern Green and back (there's another gem, and another story). Once while biking I stopped to watch a wedding party posing for photos by the river. I stepped back to take everything in and noticed that way above it all, perched up high, sat a bald eagle, also basking in the sights. So there you have it, within Philadelphia city limits there are bald eagles! Great work, Philadelphia, for preserving and maintaining a space like this that's restful and rejuvenating for tired people and endangered animals alike. 

Trails at very well maintained and even have street lights if you happen to be out a little late.
Beautifulllll place, love it.  One of my absolute favorite place in Philadelphia, the best thing Is, it is 20 mins from downtown give or take and talking about the quality of this trail in comparison with others trail reviews I would say it is up there.  U will feel a sense of serenity and peace at heart once u allow yourself to be still and nothing in this world matters anymore at the moment.  Gotta to love this historical trail.  If u visit philly and u don't stop here, is a shame.  The leaves falling is my Absolute favorite thing to wait for on this trail.  Enjoy! Also check out my leaf falling video
We love it here, we still haven't scratched the surface of hiking all the trails connected to Forbidden Drive.  It sits close to Chestnut Hill in Philadelphia.  I normally park on one of the two lots that flank Forbidden Drive on Bells Mills Rd.  But there are several parking spots all over the area.  Don't miss hiking to the Great Beech (tree) or the "Indian" statue.  There is a small coffee shop near the trailhead called the Cedars House that looks adorable although I haven't tried it yet.  Nearby Bruno's is also a great lunch option.  There is a beautiful covered bridge (The only covered bridge that still exists in an American city, as it sits within Philadelphia city limits) Also stop for a snack at The Valley Green Inn, and take a dip in nearby Devils Pool.  I was saddened on a recent visit seeing all the trash near Devils Pool, people should carry in carry out!  But other than that the Friends of Wissahickon do a terrific job of keeping the trails clean, well marked, and obstacle free.  Small kids (or adults) can safely ride bikes on Forbidden Dr.  And bring your dogs, plus you may even see some horseback riders from the nearby stables.  If you go, take your trash home with you, and keep it clean Philly.
Without question the best outdoor experience within city limits, Wissahickon Trail is the best jogging I've done in Philadelphia complete with a transporting natural experience and old-timey history. 

We started at the south end of Forbidden Road, accessible from southbound Lincoln Drive and highly enjoyed the jog through budding spring foliage, past babbling brooks, fishermen and some historical buildings including Valley Green Inn. 

A really amazing way to get an out-of-the-city experience in the heart of Philadelphia.
It's a hidden treasure. As I'm writing this review, I kind of want to be selfish and keep it a secret! 
I've come three times in the past few weeks since I found out about this place! I've been living here for almost a year and never knew about it! It's absolutely beautiful here. They have hiking trails through the trees and flatter trails. Whether it's hot or maybe drizzling outside, the cover of the forest helps shield you from that. People bring their dogs here, bike on the trails, run, walk/hike. There's also water for your dogs to play in and if you would like to swim. Careful not to get lost! It seems like a very large area. 

Bring water with you! There aren't any water fountains, at least not that I saw. S and I were dying of dehydration, and we went pretty far. I had never been so happy to see the car! 

Parking here can be a little difficult. Sometimes it is packed! 

There's also a nice looking restaurant and snack bar. I didn't try it though. As I was leaving today, there was a wedding happening.
With the small exception of once seing a dead body in the water there, this is by far my favorite place.  Period. I love to hike the trails early mornings and just be.  And these are no sissy trails if you go on the right ones.  Trust me.  They'll kick your but.  There is nothing like a serene time in the woods to put things in perspective.  I used to go alone a lot, but fear of death dictated that I bring a buddy now, not as serene but hell, at least I'm still alive.  I totally recommend - just don't be on my trails when I want some peace and quiet!
Like others, I love that this scenic getaway is so close to the chaos of the City (even though I am a suburbanite, who has many other outdoor-sy choices as well). Obviously a great place for a bike ride or hike, especially with a dog. There's some really cool history throughout the Wissahickon & Fairmount Park, and it pops up just about everywhere. I'd love to check this place out during a snowfall, though something tells me it would be eerily quiet & desolate. But as far as summer time goes - it's great!   Okay, so it is true that 5 "sewage plants" drain into this river...but there's a word missing there: They are sewage TREATMENT plants. They go through great trouble to clean that water before releasing it into public streams...and when it is released, it is water, and nothing else! So, it's perfectly fine to swim in, and you can even catch & eat fish from it. Don't drink it of course (like any stream), but you're much better off swimming in this water than you would be in the Delaware or Schuylkill !
Lastly, I will repeat that you should leave this place as you found it. Philadelphians do a pretty nice job of that - this is a darn clean trail, minus the horse poop!
A great place to go to feel like you're away from the city!  I brought my dog there, and she LOVED it.  Also, most people don't complain if your dog is off their leash (as long as they're well-behaved).
Once you make it onto Forbidden Drive, Wissahickon is your Oyster. There are many trails that branch off of this main one. In fact, too many to explore on one day so prepare yourself for continuous exploration. 

There's no good parking area for this place sadly. Your best bet is to park on Hermit Ln and the entrance to the trail is directly down the road. I've hiked many trails throughout the country and I have to say this trail has been thoroughly labeled. The only way you could get lost here is if you literally walked into the woods (aka not the path). The trails are never empty. There were a decent amount of hikers (including dogs), and bikers today. Considering it was super cold, I imagined no one else was as insane as me but great minds think a like. I can only imagine how packed the trails could get on a warmer day. 

I had no idea Wissahickon was this beautiful. They have signage for plant life, buildings, help locators, LED lampposts, Bio-Composting Toilet Houses (with Hand Sanitizer). 

I truly can not wait to visit this Trail again. What's great is this trail is only 10 minutes from downtown Philadelphia. It's insanity.
An excerpt from my blog:

However, Forbidden Drive is more like a street than a path. If you're like us and always seem to try the hardest way first, then you'll end up on a dirt path instead. There is a DISTINCT difference between the two. The paths are full of rocks, thick tree roots, sharp elevation changes and that "lost in the woods" feeling. Also, some paths have plenty of "evidence" of horseback riders. The extra care needed with just walking around will make for a longer hike. To give you a comparison, it took 2.5 hrs on the way to Valley Green, and just 1.5 hrs on the way back using Forbidden Drive.

(y'know... for a "forbidden" path, it's awfully accommodating... but I digress)

Of course, there's rewards for taking the harder route. You're far more likely to see woodland creatures with being deeper in the woods & there being much less foot traffic. Don't expect to see a Sasquatch, however. All we saw on our outing were birds and chipmunks.

Okay, I was totally psyched to see chipmunks.
Very near to Philly. Nice dayout. Reach early if you are going on a weekend. Parking gets full soon. We hiked up the orange trail. Devil's pool is a must place to see. Lovely place.
It's amazing that this park is in city limits of Philadelphia.  With nearly 20 miles of trails there a lot of ground you can cover.  I've been hiking, biking and running in the Wissahickon for years.  Forbidden Drive is the main trial though the park, if you get lost ideally you can reorient yourself by getting back to Forbidden Drive.  There are many hikes off this drive and many thing to find in the park sucks as Hermits Cave, Tolerance Statue, Tedyuscung Statue and Red Covered Bridge.
4.5 stars. 

I've heard good things about this trail. And looking at the reviews many would agree it's a great place. 

The trail is wide and spacious. Runners bikers walkers are all courteous and know the rules of traffic and direction. I used Google maps to get there since I've never been, so it wasn't that bad. But I realized after riding the whole trail, I could've parked by Lincoln drive then ride towards the entrance. Doing that would essentially save you quite a bit of time in the car if you're coming from center city direction. However the Lincoln drive side entrance has limited parking compared to the main entrance. 

The trail was nice and scenic with great historical placards providing information to some sights. I'm an archivist so I really appreciate the historical scenes. 

The misses were the lack of maps. There was only one at the beginning of forbidden trail and at the end. I guess that's OK if you aren't into doing the hills... You basically ride straight. 

There was also horse dung on the trail... Multiple spots. Sucks they didn't clean it. Try to avoid it!  

Overall great place. I'll definitely recommend and return.
This place is stunning nice paths and beautiful scenery lots of lil paths off the beaten. ......love this place and very safe!!!!!!
Beautiful green oasis just 30 minutes outside of center city. Excellent for biking, trail running, hiking, and clearing your mind. Spent almost two hours covering about 6 miles with a friend and couldn't think of a better way to spend a spring afternoon. When you need an escape from the city, look no further than Wissahickon Valley Trail.
This is by far my favorite place in Philadelphia. It is a walk back in time to the land as it was before development.  We see something different every time we go.
The rain the park and the best in this area for the nature and getting in touch with the real world , Try a picnic or adventure with that lover or a family adventure....TPP COMEDY.
Spent a great 2 hour snow hike taking interesting pictures.  Love this place.
I love biking and walking at forbidden drive, however I felt the need to warn others about a consistent pattern of PROFESSIONAL THEFTS that happen there.  On not one but two different occasions I have left my wallet, out of sight in my car, locked the car, and gone walking in the park.  Both times I came back and my car was still locked and looked undisturbed, but when I got home I realized that two credit cards were missing and other items in the wallet had been moved to make it less obvious.  Over $4000 in charges had been made on each card in the hour it took me to discover the theft.  The first time it happened I thought I must have left the car unlocked and chalked it up to bad luck, but when the same thing happened again 2 years later, it was obvious that there is a SYSTEMATIC targeting of vehicles at this location.  The Philadelphia police department seemed totally unsurprised when I reported the theft.  Valley Green is beautiful, but beware DO NOT LEAVE ANYTHING VALUABLE in your car!
Today my car was broken into someone smashed my window and stole very strange things from my car plus a bunch of money. Who ever you are I hope you enjoy my variety of bath soap, used make up and dirty work clothes. They have park rangers on site but they aren't paying attention to anything. I still had a great workout and an awesome experience with my girlfriend. The trails are fun and it's a beautiful view. I will never park my car again, after talking with the police they informed me how often these break ins happen. It's a bummer that you can not enjoy a beautiful day out in Philadelphia without worry about your safety or the safety of your belongings.
This is a beautiful trail with ample space for bikes and runners or walkers. People are always friendly and helpful. I did two marathon trainings on this trail, rode bikes and walked. The only thing I would probably like on the trail a little bit more would be some water fountains there is only one right near Greenvalley inn and it would be nice like on Kelly drive to have those water fountains that they have there.
I LOVE this place!  I've been going to this park for over twenty years before moving to MD and it is the one place I miss more than anything else in PA.  I love trail running the best, especially the Indian statue side.  I used to go here almost everyday and I hope someday I move back.
Thank goodness for this place. Only 30 minutes from the center city area. It's so incredibly beautiful with great trails.
Loved this place! Went on a ~4 mile walk here. We saw a ton of praying mantises along the trail--please don't step on them!! They are such cool-looking creatures. I loved it!

Also encountered a covered bridge! And a man on a beautiful horse who was nice enough to pose for a picture. I loved how wide the (asphalt) trail was, and all the trees surrounding us. Beautiful place for some inner peace.
Thank you for being so close to my apartment, but just so you know, even if you weren't a block away, I'd still drive my car to come visit you.


For a first time Philadelphian coming from California, I didn't really know what to expect when I moved out here. So when I walked around my neighborhood and came across the pathway entrance, I was more than excited to go, "exploring." The trail is totally walkable, but while making my way down the trail,  I couldn't help but wish I had brought my mountain bike from home with me.

It's filled with gorgeous scenery, and if you go on a day with great weather, you'll find the trail packed with people just as excited to breathe some fresh air. 

I cant wait to buy a bike for the upcoming spring!
I usually go to the trails of Ridley Creek Park for my outdoor adventure/exercise, but when we wanted to mix things up a bit we tried Forbidden Drive at the Wissahickon Valley Trails.  It is GORGEOUS here!!  The paths are wide, well maintained, bench lined, and follow the water, so you get the full nature experience.  There are small water falls and a beautiful covered bridge, as well as smaller trails to branch off on if you want to trek up yonder.  The only thing I thought needed improving was the walk from the parking lot to the trails is a little precarious.  There is no sidewalk so you sort of feel like you'll get clipped.....but it's not too long of a walk so I'm sure you'll be fine.....really
I can't believe I've only recently been here without having gone at all last year during the nice weather. Amazing, well kept, ample green spaces, trails and picnic areas. Too bad there aren't nearby places along the trail that rent bikes out.
When I leave Philadelphia, this will be the place I miss most.  I trained for the Philadelphia Marathon here.  I often run and hike with my boyfriend here.  I've eaten at the Valley Green Inn, gotten snacks and drinks from the Cedar House, and read every sign along the trail.  I love how many dogs there are here, especially the ones having a blast unleashed on the trails.  Everyone is in a good mood when they're on the Wissahickon Valley Trail!
It's nice to know that there is a place just outside of Philadelphia that feels as remote as some parts of the Appalachian Trail. There are trails for all kinds of hikers, bikers, walkers, and joggers. We came here on a warm summer day, had lunch by the creek, and were off to explore the different trails that this park has to offer. There is something for everyone here. Can't wait to come back and see more. Also, it is really hard to get lost here because you just follow the river to get home! I have a hunch that this place is gorgeous in the fall, or maybe even in the winter after a light snow falling. Good to know that it's so close that I might be able to experience both soon.
The daily problems I encounter with irresponsibly unleashed dogs is slowly ruining this place for me. Off-leash dogs have left the trails to come kill chickens in my backyard and have injured my horse, my (leashed) dogs and myself on trails. I'm considering moving - that's how bad it's gotten. It's really sad because, sans off-leash dogs, it's one of my favorite places in the world.
Phenomenal!  One of my favorite parks/places on the East coast.  Miles and miles of nothing but trail and nature.  Several runners/hikers and bikers.  Bring some food and water and enjoy hours and hours of serenity :)
A great place to walk, jog, bike, or even have a small intimate wedding. We celebrated someone's wedding here, and it was very intimate and sweet. Fresh air and wonderful hiking trials. Of course, always be aware of leaving your valuables in your car; however, I would not take one star away from this beautiful place. FYI-Folks, if you swim or eat on the trial, kindly PICK up your trash. Let's not ruin this gorgeous place. Thanks for all who read this. :) Happy Trailing.
best park in philly! I haven't even been to all the parks and im pretty sure this one blows them all out of the water.
If you haven't been here yet - GO! It's such a beautiful place. It's my favorite place to walk, jog, hike, bike and take nature pics. It's great in any season and I recommend going in all 4 so you can see the beauty each one brings to the place. Crystallized branches in the Winter add a winter wonderland effect, the brilliant green of buds bursting beside and above you in the Spring, the lush vibrance of full foliage in the Summer and the fiery colors are striking every Fall as the leaves change. The sound of the water is so peaceful, and there's something interesting to see at every turn - from a covered bridge, to horses, to old stone structures - it's really my favorite place in Philly.
I have been exploring some new places to go hiking in the greater Philadelphia area, and the Wissahickon Valley Trail is one of the best I have encountered so far. One of the nice features of the park is that you have the option of making your hike as easy or difficult as you choose, and it is not easy to get lost, as long as you know where you are in relation to the creek. On my first visit, I chose to walk down Forbidden Drive from Bell Mills Road, and then cross over at about 4.5 miles and head back through the wilderness trails on the other side of the creek; you can get in a nice 10 mile hike that way, but there are many other paths to explore.
This is probably the best amazing hiking place to go to it's so amazing so awesome I think if there a award they would win
This is probably my favorite thing about all of Philadelphia.  It's easy to get to from center city, and you can get away from it all in just a few minutes.  The creek is very clean for an urban creek, and you can usually find fish in it.  I got interested in mountain biking here as some of the trails can be very challenging.  If you go, be careful to keep the area as you found it!  The trail connects to Kelly Drive, and you can follow it from The Art Museum up to Montgomery County.
It seriously doesn't get any better than this. This place is total zen and you can spend hours there just walking and relaxing. I love it.
I grew up in Philly most of my life and I never knew this park existed, it is gorgeous! I parked at the Bells Mill Road entrance and made it all the way to the Walnut Hill bridge in about three hours. The walk is heavenly with lots of bridges (including a covered one). Listening to a good audiobook like Jane Eyre topped off an amazing Sunday. I will definitey be back!
Great Park!!! 
A must for all Hikers, Walkers, Mountain Bikers, and Runners.
Trails are all levels.
Clean Air.
Don't even realize you're still in the city.
Cool in the summer and Not too windy or cold during the winter.
i love to walk forbidden drive! it is so scenic and lovely you totally forget you are in the city. the sound of the creek rushing below and the tiny places the water falls off the short cliffs and the dams are just awesome. it is a very nice experience overall. i like to try to park along different areas just to switch it up a bit but it pretty much looks the same LOL. the one thing i can say is that the path is kind of rocky but that doesn't seem to bother the tons of folks that bike there. my feet start barking after a while though:-) speaking of barking, people LOVE to walk their dogs here. they all seem to be very well behaved dogs and nothing like my little terrors. LOL. they are not invited on my walks so don't worry. love this path!
Awesome area for a run, picnic, bike ride, dog walk, hike.. This place is so really well maintained and is perfect for the hot summer days as there is plenty of shade. Parking can be a bit of an issue although people are coming and going all day long so spots become available rather quickly.
