Wissahickon Park is a little paradise within the city of Philadelphia.  There are trails to run, bike, walk dogs, etc... it's a peaceful and provides a little nature in an otherwise crazy city.  Lots of trees, a creek and plenty of paths to choose from.  They even have restrooms at the trailhead.  I'm definitely coming back as soon as possible.  It's really a peaceful and relaxing atmosphere!
Wissahickon Park makes me forget that I live in a big city.  There is no better place to get some exercise and clear your head in my opinion. I've walked the train a few times and every time I find something new and intriguing...caves, creeks, mysterious stairways, all sorts of fun stuff! 
The trails are really well maintained and marked. It's difficult to get lost if you remember where you park and follow the signs. 
I like entering at Kitchens Lane and hiking to the Forbidden Drive entrance. It's a beautiful walk which is good for beginners too.  Every time I walk, I meet someone cool and see lots of cute dogs too. Wins all around.
I have been coming here at least once a week for the past few years to go for a hike, run, or stroll. Even though I have been here 28384038 times, there are still new things I'm finding about this place. From icicles in the winter to the beautiful fall foliage, this is your perfect getaway from philly while still technically being in philly. 

There are a ton of access points to this park, and a number of parking lots. I'd recommend using residential access points because the lots have a history of car break ins, such as wise mill road lot, valley green lot, bells mill lot.
love this park! 
Has some really great trails, to walk, run and just think while surrounded by so much nature. 
Haven't been here in years so not sure about the security issues but what I remember is spending hours here hiking the trails and getting in some good miles.
Just let nature immerse you in its wonder when you come here. It's such a tranquil place to walk/run/hike/bike on trails and paths. You can venture around in the hills and see beautiful views; learn about the history at different landmarks and watch water gushing through the rocks in the river. It's really a nice place to visit with any one--friends, family, or bae (sorry for the millenial term for significant other) :). I think I just found a gem!
Today my car was broken into someone smashed my window and stole very strange things from my car plus a bunch of money. Who ever you are I hope you enjoy my variety of bath soap, used make up and dirty work clothes. They have park rangers on site but they aren't paying attention to anything. I still had a great workout and an awesome experience with my girlfriend. The trails are fun and it's a beautiful view. I will never park my car again, after talking with the police they informed me how often these break ins happen. It's a bummer that you can not enjoy a beautiful day out in Philadelphia without worry about your safety or the safety of your belonging.
I came to Wissahickon specifically to find a cluster of "rare birds" that had been reported. I knew they were last seen at Houston Meadow, so I parked on the Thomas Mill Terrace roundabout and entered the park at the trail entrance that is right there.

Immediately upon passing the gate I saw red bellied and downy woodpeckers flying overhead. As I walked toward Houston Meadow I saw lots of wrens and birds of prey flying above. Within about 15 minutes I had found the birds I had come to see (common redpolls), and also met some other birders on a quest to do the same thing as me - everyone I encountered was very friendly and mindful of COVID safety.

The park is HUGE and there are lots of trails. When I went today it was covered in snow and ice, but man, a person could definitely get lost spending the entire day out here. I am sad that I didn't get to see the covered bridge, but I'll definitely be returning in the future. This is a great place to watch wildlife, run, hike, etc. Very cool!
This park is really welcoming to athletes, families, dogs, leisure-enthusiasts, and everything else under the sun. The trails were well maintained. I did not notice any litter but there was some graffiti which I suppose is inevitable. I would say though they could do a better job with the signage, especially regarding parking. My sister and I were a little disoriented on where to park, and we regretted parking on the edge of the park (but we really did not know better). Next time, we will know to keep driving in order to get to the other trails. We also were confused with the trails, but admittedly I am really bad with directions, so anyone else could have probably figured it out. I will definitely revisit this place when I need a breath of fresh air!
Beautiful scenery. Not worth it for the lack of security. After our hike we returned to the parking lot to find that our car window had been smashed and my mother's purse was stolen. We were told by the lot attendant and a passerby that this has happened here before, yet there's not a single park ranger present. Even with the constant foot traffic and activity in the parking lot this person was able to get away with breaking into our car. Unbelievable. Went and found the manager for help at the village tavern who was rude and unsympathetic. Will not be coming back here ever. My advice, if you go there don't leave anything of value in your car but you might get your window smashed in anyway.
There are dozens of miles of trails in Wissahickon Valley Park, a lush, 1,800-acre gorge, crossing forest and meadow before plunging down to the sun-dappled waters of the Wissahickon Creek. You will find yourself lost in a feeling of wilderness as you walk, bike or ride horses through this undisputed gem of Philadelphia's park system. Lots of free parking. Great for photography, hiking and a great escape from the busy city areas of Philly. Walk it to relax and clear your mind after a busy work day or on a weekend morning to get your day started off on the right foot.

There are many trails so it will take quite some time to cover them all. I recommend first timers to install the Google map and follow the pre-installed trails. It's so beautiful, huge and peaceful, especially walking/hiking it during the spring, summer and fall.
I love bringing my dogs here but I wish people would abide by the leash law. I stopped going because most dogs off leash are aggressive or poorly trained. 

When will people listen do their kids need to be mauled for someone to realize that leash laws are in place for everyone's protection!
A great place to walk, ride your bike etc...just get a little outdoor exercise in, especially in the city. it's relatively popular so sometimes can get a little crowded (and therefore parking becomes a little more difficult)...I saw lots of people out with their dogs, so it's definitely dog friendly.
I like the uneven terrain and rolling hills for some variety (reminded me a little of rock creek park in the dc area). My gripes are that at times it can feel a little unsafe, when it gets dark early (hey there daylight savings) there were no lamps so got pitch black and I felt like there was no staff presence....hope for the best, I guess.
I bike through here pretty often. It's a great park with plenty of shade for those hot days.
Gorgeous place.  Forbidden drive is great for people who enjoy flat walks but there are lots of trails w more challenging terrain.  Be aware that most people let their dogs off leash on the trails and many trails allow bikes and/or horses.  Peaceful, beautiful place which even has an old restaurant open year-round.  There are endless areas to explore and enjoy in this beautiful natural oasis.
I like to call this place magic fairy land.

I've been hiking, biking, and running in the Wiss for almost 8 years and I always discover something new in this park. It's amazing that such a pristine and naturally beautiful place is only 10 min away from center city! Anytime you need to get away from the city and recharge this park is always there.
A heaven like get away in Philadelphia! I love this place and hanging down by the creek finding shells. Never ran into any issues with bike riders or pets. Well maintained park and  a place for a good work out, date, or to take the kids bike riding.
This is a great park. I love that it's easily accessible and so close to the center of the city. For the most part, it's pretty well maintained, although some of the more popular sites are pretty heavily littered (such as Devil's Pool). The Wissahickon Creek runs through the park. On one side of the creek, there are a ton of nature trails, mostly easy trails for some light hiking/running/biking. Forbidden Drive runs the length of the park on the other side of the creek. It's a wide gravel path, great for a scenic walk or run through the park. There are many access points with parking lots. Check out the Friends of the Wissahickon (www.fow.org) website for a google map of where to park!
A beautiful gem in Philadelphia. We took the bus to a few minutes outside the park from Center City, and was pleasantly surprised at how quickly and easily (and cheaply)! we were able to spend a beautiful day in the forest and by the river. Playing by the river is wonderful for a lazy day, there are flat trails for those who want a quick walk, and even harder mountain biking/equestrian trails for the most stout-hearted. I have hiked the most intensive trail in the park before, and consider it a moderate, do-able, but beautifully winding and properly difficult trail for those who want to get a day of exercise and nature!
I always take my dog here to walk, everyones always very nice, compliments my dog, and are extremely considerate. They have bike and horse trails and a main trail you can walk on.  Its my favorite park, i would recommend it to anyone
Oh so gorgeous, the drive the walk, the woods, the entire park. Find time to maneuver the park and find yourself in a deep meditative retreat. This is like a Central Park of Philly but just not located in the center of the city but instead on the outskirts of the city.
Beautiful park at the heart of Philadelphia. I caught beautiful fall colors, the trails are full of beautiful stop and view points.. I did the orange trail.. The stop at the Kitchen Bridge is wonderful.. The view is beautiful, the water is clear and clean. I can spend all day just listening to the river flows. The trail is a bit crowded with a lot or visitors.. But everyone was wearing masks so it was nice. You can make it a day out of it.. Just wonderful!
NOT SAFE. I went on a Saturday afternoon and the place was packed, filled with people. Unfortunately my car was broken into when I came back. I tracked the time they used my credit card and it was ONLY 40 minutes AFTER I ENTERED THE PARK. So ovbs I was being watched. And even though the parking lot was crawling with people they managed to brake my window and go through everything in my car, even got into my trunk. The trails itself are nice but don't go on the left side of the river from the village inn. A bunch of sketchy people hang out there.
We love wissahickon, and most importantly our dog loves wissahickon. We come here every weekend for a hike and some fresh air. We love it!
Wissahickon is a nice trail (or set of trails, really) super close to Center City Philadelphia. While I accidentally input the wrong address in the first time, the actual trail head that we used (near the Valley Green Inn) is less than 30 minutes away from City Hall. My post-hike sleuthing showed that you can use the 9 bus to Andorra to get super close to the trail as well, but I haven't tried that yet.

Overall, this trail was great. For us, parking wasn't too difficult (don't get deterred when you first enter because there is an actual parking lot to use when you get closer to the Valley Green Inn). It was nice that there was a bathroom (aka a port-a-potty) to use at the trailhead, which many trails don't have. After finishing up your hike, there are some refreshments you can grab at the Valley Green Inn.

I saw tons of different folks on various parts of the trail (incl. people biking and kids), so there is something here for everyone. When I came during COVID, most folks were wearing masks which was nice to see. Overall, a great spot to hike in near Philly (even for relatively novice hikers such as myself!)
I love walking here! I love visiting in every season but my favorite season to visit is fall! The changing leaves are so beautiful. This park is family friendly with wonderful sights!
I always love going for a hike/walk through the park. If you're looking for something flat, Forbidden Drive is great. Otherwise there are plenty of hiking trails throughout (watch out for the bikers-they come in fast but always announce themselves). 

The area is super dog-friendly and has great views. I love coming in the Fall to see all of the leaves change. Tons of great places to go eat/drink nearby after (I love going to wissahickon brewery!). 

The only drawback is the lack of parking.
