I absolutely loved Wonderspaces! For those who are familiar with Artechouse in Washington, DC (or Miami or NYC), it's somewhat similar but, in my humble opinion, waaaaay cooler. 

This is Wonderspaces' second permanent location, so new art installations will swap out every few months. That said, do not sleep on the first round of installations! I was truly impressed by so many of them, and they ranged from more traditional art pieces to interactive exhibits, including some virtual reality works (my favorite overall was one of the VRs, titled: Transition).  

There's a bar in case you want to grab a drink, though you'll have to leave said drink at drop tables for many of the exhibits. 

To be honest, I first thought Wonderspaces was a temporary exhibition and am thrilled that it's permanent! I will definitely plan more visits in the future and can't wait to see how the installations change over time!
With all of the "Pop-Up's" happening in every city these days I had assumed (incorrectly) that Wonderspaces would be more of the same--cute, colorful, flashy, confetti filled prop's take photos of/with to post to your Instagram feed, but WOW was I wrong. Wonderspaces is all of those cute and adorable pop-up's older sister; she's cool, she's edgy, she lives in Fishtown, NoLibs, Cedar Park or Brewery Town, she exclusively thrifts all of her clothes and they're totally mismatched but fashion forward as frick. Wonderspaces is art. I was blown away. 

Located on the second floor of the newly renovated Philadelphia Fashion District (on the end closest to Suburban Station/11th Street MFL, so convenient for public transit!!) tickets run $20 for students and seniors or $24 for GA and are sold through their website in designated time slots. We spent about 2 hours exploring all of the various installations, but their website suggests to spend anywhere between 75-90 minutes to thoroughly see everything (literally 2400 square feet of art to get through).I would highly suggest purchasing your tickets online because it'll probably sell out and IMO it's better to have your ticket in hand versus be told the day of that your desired time to visit is sold out (however, if available, they will obviously sell those tickets as well). Also they have a coat check which I found to be SUPER exciting seeing as I didn't want to be walking around for two hours inside and taking pictures with my huge parka because it's winter in Philadelphia and COLD. 

Okay okay, so the part we've all been waiting for-- the art!! So each installation is broken down into sections flowing nicely into the next and then through to the second floor (third technically) of the space.  The sections are as follows:

BLACK BALLOONS by Tadao Cern: This will be the first section you encounter upon entering. Large, black, circular objects arranged on the floor and mirrored above.

SUBMERGENCE by Squidsoup: Floor to ceiling strings with balls of light that run on a "show" of different light patterns and colors running about 20 (it may have been longer honestly, felt like forever) minutes. Be prepared to wait awhile if you're trying to get the perfect picture with all of the lights around you lit up, it only happens like twice for about 5 minutes throughout the entire program. We were actually kindof annoyed with that, so just be prepared to wait for the be at shot. 

SWEET SPOT by Shawn Causey & Mark Daniell: colorful, strings strung so closely together that they look like they're touching but they're still translucent. This one they ask you to place your bags in the cubbies (which the staff are keeping an eye on as well as they assure you via notices that that area is being monitored by video surveillance) so that they don't get stuck on the strings, which is understandable, you don't want to ruin it!

We then headed upstairs to the second floor of the space for more fun, including two VR (virtual reality) installations. 

DINNER PARTY by Laura Wexler, Charlotte Stoudt & Angel Soto: step into Wonderspaces' living room and wait to be seated at their very long table to enjoy a dinner party. I won't spoil the actual VR proceedings for you, but it was super odd. Did not end how I expected. Very artsy. If you've never done VR before I would caution you that you have to do a lot of "looking" around so that may freak people out. 

BODY PAINT by Memo Akten: this one was a lot of fun. You stand in front of a colorful screen that monitors you and "paints" your movements. Very awesome. Hair flips, cartwheels, and twirling ensued. 

TRANSITION by Joost Jordens & Mike Von Rotz: another VR experience (shorter than Dinner Party) that follows a dog on a journey. Again, I don't want to ruin it, but I love dogs and just had to mention it. 

Overall Wonderspaces was wonderful for lack of better wording. I was very impressed. There were more parts to the exhibit, but I think y'all have read enough of my blabbering about it, go see it for yourselves! If you love real art and this whole pop-up craze that's currently going on, this one is truly one of the best. Well worth the money because the installations are as thoughtful as they are intricate and overall it was a very cool experience.
WonderSpaces in the Fashion District Philadelphia is now re-opened! 

For continued safety of all guests, the amount of visitors allowed at any given time has been significant reduced (I think I may have been one of 10 people, but I'm unsure of specifics on numbers permitted) and all ticket sales will take place online, eliminating cash transactions. Masks are required at all times, and hand sanitizer is available outside of every installment, even though most are "non-touch," in nature. Temperature checks were administered prior to entry and they have a new app/chat function that you can download on your phone in case you have any questions to help curb the amount of guest and staff in-person interactions, however personnel are still on site. Staff does provide a disposable eye mask so that you can safely participate in the two VR exhibits, but we personally didn't participate in those installments. 

In case you weren't excited enough, WonderSpaces has added two new installations: Human Study #1, 3RNP by Patrick Tresset and Ferreflection Pool by Mesplé. 

Overall my experience was great-- it was nice to be able to go to an art exhibit and do something "normal," while still being safe.
A delight to the senses. Immersive and intriguing. Definitely some conversation pieces.

Enjoyed our time checking out this new installation. It's located in the Fashion District and installation is permanent so there will be changing exhibits as time goes on. The process to check in is to sign a waiver and then get stamped to step inside. There's a bar on the first floor once through check in as well as a coat check. 

The exhibits are inventive and definitely instagrammable. Your senses are tingled and as much as the pieces are thought provoking there's a bit of whimsy injected in to keep it light and engaging. 

Be sure to come with time on your hands as there is lots to see and two floors to cover. Get excited - wonder awaits!
The reason for this review is to justify and defend (in my opinion) the price per ticket. My mother and I had made plans to visit Wonderspaces - I had gone on the day before and thought I  had selected the correct date (2/7) when I was actually on the current date. I purchased tickets mistakenly - and then my mother purchased tickets approximately an hour before we had intended to go the following day. We were hoping once we explained the situation they would reimburse me. When we arrived (ten min late due to not being able to find it as we are new to the Philadelphia area) we explained this to the receptionist and she was extraordinarly understanding and while she can't refund me- they can credit the tickets towards a future visit as they change the exhibits - or I could gift them to someone. I was very satisfied and grateful for their assistance for they could have easily said tough luck due to their extensive policy when purchasing. 

Upon entering we were immediately enchanted. Being fans of illumination of all kinds - the exhibits on the ground level were beautifully entertaining. Each exhibit had someone there to take the time to explain the piece. When you started working your way through the upper level- there was always someone to greet you for the interactive experiences. We were never over crowded nor did we wait for either of the VR exhibits. Each piece was carefully put  together by the artists  and then represented wonderfully by the staff. 

I was fearful this was just a place to take Instagram photos. One reviewer said they were in and out very quickly- but if you take the time- and aren't tempted to pull out your camera for social media - you will walk away truly in awe of what a human can  create. The installations will make you think and wonder. So happy to have gone and it is very much so worth the price.
This was a really fun and unique way to pass an afternoon with a friend! Basically I think of Wonderspaces as a Please Touch Museum for adults. While there are numerous exhibits, there are a few real standouts. The first being squid soup-probably the first image conjured when Wonderspace is mentioned. It's really mesmerizing and one of the highlights of the exhibit. 
My absolute favorite however was the virtual reality, especially the one with the boat. It was so immersive and captivating. Just an incredible experience that was worth the price of admission on its own. 
Not everything here is a total hit. I definitely got the feeling that maybe two or three exhibits were fillers more or less. But a few exhibits here make it worthwhile. I highly recommend this experience and I'm looking forward to checking it out again when it changes.
I had such a good time at Wonderspaces. I had no idea what to expect. The installations force you to by playful. Certainly, there are photo opps but I really loved the virtual reality that forces all your attention on the provided experience. Fun for a date, friend outing, family in town, really any occasion!
Such a cool place for date night, family weekend, or a solo experience! I definitely recommend checking this interactive museum out, especially if you want some cool pictures. I really enjoyed the squidsoup exhibit with the dangling lights. Hopefully, after COVID, they can open up again for more people to enjoy!
I was so excited to hear that interactive exhibits like these were coming to Philly! The exhibits were all amazing, though I did have some favorites. The second VR exhibit in the boat and Body Paint were my personal favorites. I found Dinner Party to be a bit intense, but I still really liked it. I maybe would've preferred a bit of a heads up going in. 

I'll admit I was drawn by the insta photos and lovely pictures, but I ended up staying for over two hours because I just got so caught up in the exhibits. Some of them are truly fascinating examples of how science and human creativity can come together in beautiful ways. Overall lovely time, I don't know when the exhibits will change, but I would definitely return.
Located on the 2nd floor of the Philadelphia Fashion District, Wonderspaces spans 24k sq ft and the art installations are spread out between two floors. My husband and I decided to come here because we both appreciate art and were interested based on all the promotional ads we saw. Yes, you can take Instagram worthy photos but I really liked that it was an interactive, immersive art experience that allowed you enjoy each installation at your own pace in a non intimidating space. You can go through each exhibit as quickly or as slowly as you want. It's just a good time. 

I think it's cool that they rotate the exhibits every couple months because then it makes the membership they offer potentially worth it especially because you get unlimited visits for the year along with other perks which include a 10% ticket discount for any friend you bring and a free drink for you and your friend at the bar (they do cap it at 6 complimentary drinks a year).

Would I go back? : I would definitely consider going back depending on how often the exhibits are changed. I also like how Wonderspaces showcases art in a way that is not too "Instagram-y" that it's gimmicky or too contemporary that it's pretentious; you can enjoy the exhibits regardless of whether or not you're into art.
Great place to visit with friends or for a date! I bought my ticket in advance online, and had an easy time checking in and getting in the day of. Right when you get in, they have a coat check (which is wonderful because no one wants to be carrying their coat around), and a bar to grab a drink before going in. I would describe the exhibit as interactive and contemporary, and there were two VR exhibits when I came. Overall, because my friend and I took our time looking around and exploring everything, we spent a good 90 minutes here. I would highly recommend coming here for a date and afterwards, you can catch a movie or play some games at Round1 in the same mall!
Our family checked out the Wonderspaces art show at the Fashion District (former Gallery) in center city. It was ok. It's a great idea -- immersive art exhibits -- but there are only 12 exhibits, some of which are small, and it's $24/person. The tickets are timed so you can only enter within 15 minutes of your ticketed time. The website says to allow 80-90 minutes to go through the exhibit but we were done in less than 30. 

Here, I'll save you the money and the trip into the city and you can see the exhibit here. 

They will rotate out the exhibits every few months so if you buy a membership ($99/year) and plan to visit at least four times in a year then it might be worth it. Otherwise, I'd rather spend the $24 per person visiting one of Philly's other museums.
This place was amazing. My son and I went and as he remarked, this would be a great date place. 

This is not a good place for little kids but was a great interactive art experience. The wall with the paper tubes was amazing. Actually, all of the exhibits were really cool. 

I miss things you can do in a city and was thrilled to be able to see this.
Wonderspaces did not disappoint! I've been to almost all of the Instagram pop ups in the area and I have to say this was one of my favorites. Not only was there awesome art to look at and interact with but there were awesome picture opportunities, two virtual reality experiences, and a bar with delicious drinks. The exhibits are going to change so I do plan on going back!
Such a cool place! Not your average interactive art exhibits, but I had a great time during my visit with my friend. My favorites were the black balloons and the tranquil virtual reality experience. I was disappointed that the lone was too long for the dinner virtual reality exhibit, but grateful that we brought tickets ahead of time as the weekends usually sell out. There are exhibits on both floors to be sure to check them all out.
After watching a Tik Tok video of this exhibit, I just knew we had to check it out. You will have to purchase tickets beforehand.  Upon check-in, there is a COVID check-in questionnaire you will have to complete and the station is sanitized in between guests. 

The host advised what to expect and to enjoy. As we entered there was a bar area, but was crowded, and decided not to partake. Immediately across from the bar was the first piece of art. Throughout the exhibit you cab engage and become apart of the artwork. 

To help prevent the spread of COVID, hand sanitizer was stationed outside of each art area. I really enjoyed the virtual reality video. Each goggle were sanitized by staff as a  precaution. This exhibit is age appropriate for various ages.
You have to really appreciate art to come here. The artwork was flawless but theres only about 10 attractions upstairs and 4 downstairs which is not alot. 
Masks are strictly enforced and there are staff all over to make sure of it. the description of each work is on the website after you scan the QR code in the beginning. my favorite one is the main floor with the light bulbs i was able to get nice pictures in there!
Again if you are not really into art nor appreciate it with an open mind, its not for you but if you want nice pictures and to really appreciate art with an open mind, this is for you
It was a pretty cool exhibit. We had a lot of fun and would love to visit again. The coolest one was having the robot draw us sitting in a chair
I enjoyed my visit here in March, but I was a little disappointed by how many of the exhibits were VR. I also wish the pricing was a little lower (perhaps closer to the $19 range). I do recommend going during the weekday if you can because you'll have more space to roam and you'll be able to take better pictures.
I thought the exhibit was awesome and the Virtual reality stimulations were dope! However, Since you guys are still working out your so called "kinks" in regards to your signs (directions ect) I would highly suggest you ask your team to calm down the attitudes. It seemed like the virtual reality spots had the rudest male staff... it kind of screwed with my experience. Just a suggestion ... But i figured I keep this review here to warn others that those guys Do get Snippy with you and basically talk about you while you're headphones are on... lol It's pathetic really... And This review is coming from a Server lol so i'm used to dealing with people's shit on a regular but i never wanted to tell someone off so much before lol. Lose the attitude my dudes... it's going to be OKKKAAYYY...
5 stars for amazing exhibits - great for any occasion

COVID19 precautions: Timed entry, healthcare professional discount $4 off.
Hand sanitizer available throughout

The different rooms are so vibrant in coloration, techno-lighting, sound, 3D experiences, etc. Highly recommend it. 

For the 3D experience: they wipe down the equipment in between patrons and even have little fask masks that you can place over your eyes

Tips/Takeaways:
-Worth checking out at least once - yes it's a bit pricey at $24/adult, but you'll be able to stay here for a good 60-90min. 
-Bring someone with a good camera and get ready to take pictures!
-Some exhibits can be a bit visually overstimulating / so just be mindful if you have sensitivity to light/flashing lights, but they have warnings for those specific ones
Amazingly interactive , I went here for a date with my girlfriend . Very first exhibit you can sit down and be drawn by A1 !!!!! The artwork to take home is overpriced but the admission to the museum is very affordable . Would recommend for all ages !
We took our time and it still only took us about 45 minutes to go through. One thing that totally turned me off right in the door was the staff- everyone I came into contact with was RUDE and took themselves way too seriously. They asked our names upon check in and because two of us accidentally spoke at once the woman said "I only need one person talking to me at a time." I was so caught off guard I didn't even know what to say. Didn't partake in the Virtual Reality rooms bc flu season & no sanitizing? Some of the exhibits were really awesome.
We came to Philly specifically for the wonderspaces exhibition and it was definitely worth it. The check-in was quick and the staff were really nice. There were multiple rooms that showed different installations (body paint, thank you bags, micomonumental mapping, submergence, Akousmaflore, ferreflection pool, come together, erupture, blooms, our top 100, the last word, etc). You can legit spend an entire here if you really want to take your time and take a lot of photos. We had a hectic schedule and limited time so we were only here for a couple of hours but we still manage to get some awesome shots and had a really good time.
Clean space and friendly enough staff, however I maybe enjoyed 3 of the exhibitions and the rest were "meh" at best. I expected much better exhibits and have seen plenty of similar places that challenged my imagination. This one did not.
My 12 year old daughter and I had a wonderful time at Wonderspace. My daughter really enjoyed the VR experience and the wall of comments rolled up. Would definitely refer.
My 16yr old son and I went on Presidents Day since he was off from school.  It was awesome!!  He enjoyed it as much as me.  
The VR experiences were amazing!!! 
I will absolutely go back and am buying a gift card for friends of mine.  
The location is also great as you can make a day of it and hit Reading Terminal or China Town with a short walk.
If you appreciate all forms of art this place is for you! I love that they sell drinks before you get started! Me and my bestfriend had a great time! Definitely a keeper! Im going back when they chnage the exhIbits out!
everyone working there was so so friendly. they were so knowledgeable on the art they were working with and were able to answer any questions we had. the art in this place is absolutely beautiful and the photos we got here were amazing. 100% will be going back when new art arrives
I've been here three times and it never gets old! It's a nice way to get out, take in come creativity and actually have time to talk with friends or lovers
I came in here on Valentine's Day for a quick little daytime date. It was absolutely mesmerizing!! There are lots of colorful installations and interactive pieces. I saw two virtual reality simulations there which I will definitely have to come back to see! They also have a little bar near the entrance and some seats a floor up.
