How have I never been here before?! This old stone mansion was built in the 1900's, and is home to art and artist all from Philadelphia, some even from my own alma mater, (the only all female art school in the country), Moore College Of Art & Design. Shout out to my sisters out there!! 

Woodmere also has some pretty awesome sculptures outside! My girls loved this one with a water feature on a gorgeous day. 

They have a colorful gallery filled with children's work too! .


They currently have an awesome exhibit about slavery with a coffee table full of books and audio books to match, as well as a circus exhibit that gave us all 'The Greatest Showman' vibes. (Did you know the first American circus was started here in Philly at 6th & Chestnut on April 3rd 1793. It was said that George Washington attended! )

There's also an amazing piece I'm in love with of Katerskill Falls in The Catskills, which we hiked, and was a favorite place of many historic figures including Mark Twain.

What I really love about this museum is very room is a different type of art. I absolutely adored the room with pieces reminiscent of Rococo and Neo-classicism periods. I especially loved the juxtaposition of the modern acrylic chairs. I'm not sure if that contact was intentional, but I totally found it entertaining and intriguing!! 
The piece with the peacock is just gorgeous!!

Kids are always FREE here and adults are just $10 with $2 off with yelp check-in! Whaaaaat?! 

They have neat events and speakers and in the fall they have a hay maze that looks so cool!
Fantastic little museum. The gentleman at the front desk and the lady in the gift store were both super friendly. I have no idea how I hadn't heard about this place sooner. I did have a Living Social for it, but my friend and I were granted free entry because of some renovations that they're doing. Unfortunately 2-3 of the rooms are closed.

Regardless, there's still some nice artwork in the building. The permanent collection of Charles Knox Smith (the mansion's original owner) is pretty great. There's a nice collection of local/American artwork mostly from around Smith's time (turn of the 20th century) to about a hundred years prior.

I cant wait to go back when the museum is complete with its repairs. It's a nice little hidden gem.
What could be better than a crisp fall morning in Chestnut Hill. A very cost effective museum. The adult entry fee is only $10 and potential visitors can also take advantage of free entry on Sunday's.   Woodmere also hosts different events throughout the month so be sure to check their website. A very good/fun option if you around this part of town. The outside is littered with sculptures of varying design. I personally spent time around the fountain. There's also plenty of seating space around the grounds. 

Drinks are not permitted inside, so be sure to finish your coffee before coming in. My favorite exhibit from the visit were the Landscape paintings. Connected heavily to the sights from The StormKing museum in New York. There was also a whole exhibit dedicated to a local Philadelphia artist. I know the showcased exhibit changes, but I'd love to see work from artists of color or even works that include persons of color as I notice a clear lack of diversity in the pieces shown.
I'm  writing  a  review  about  the Woodmere Art Museum because  it is one of those museums  that continues to  fly under the  radar of Philly art venues  that  doesn't get the attention  it really deserves.  
As I write this  review, Woodmere  is currently  exhibiting the work  of  Jessie Drew Bear- a woman  who considered herself a  sophisticated primitive painter.   The paintings  are mind blowing.  Everyone  should run not  walk to the Woodmere  to  see this exhibit.   In addition to this wonderful  exhibit, there is always a room of incredible art  made by children  from various schools.  The  Woodmere  has many social  events like  Jazz concerts, art classes, lectures  and more.      I love this  museum .
Woodmere Art Museum, located in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, has a collection of paintings, prints, sculpture and photographs focusing on artists from the Delaware Valley. They also feature children' artwork from various schools in the Philadelphia/ Montgomery county area. 
This visit was impromptu on 12/5. There was little to no traffic in the museum. $10 cover charge. And I spent approximately 45 minutes inside. There is a small shop that has trinkets & bobbles available.
The museum is free on Sundays. They have a podcast that tells the stories of Philadelphia artists, quite interesting. They feature various exhibitions and also have various programs like "learn & create" which they have workshops for adults and children. 
All of that said check it out if your in the area. 
https://woodmereartmuseum.org
I have only been to this museum once and I'm so disappointed I had not heard of it before!  The cost for admissions is very reasonable and it is free for students, so that is a huge bonus.  The staff is extremely friendly and get involved in visitor's conversations about the artwork.  They were outgoing and explained to first time guests how the space is set up.

Each room had a different theme including pieces depicting segregation, free love throughout time, and student artists' work from the surrounding area.  The main room is a larger space with a balcony wrapped around it, creating a second floor.  During my visit there was a Jazz concert going on in that room so I stayed and listened to some of it.  These concerts are free for students as well and go on every Friday night from 6-8!

I highly recommend this museum to anyone who is intrigued by art that truly makes a statement.  The pieces made me consider topics I normally wouldn't think about and opened my eyes to the positivity that can be seen throughout society.
An unassuming museum with quality art within its walls. Highly impressed by the juried exhibition and the art albeit not too large. Do not underestimate this museum. A nice mix of modern and post-impressionist art. Cute little gift shop with friendly staff. Highly recommended for a nice art rendezvous a little outside Centre City. Worth the trip. Go see the juried exhibition and be impressed by the young artists.
Nice size art museum.  Plenty of parking.  Young woman at front desk was friendly and welcoming.  Exhibits were plentiful including a room featuring artwork from local elementary students.
Awesome student rates, front desk was very friendly. A nice place to spend an hour, very easy to get to. I recommend going at 10:30 so it's not so busy! Definitely not some place you'd want to take children, they would be bored the whole time.
Absolutely love the Woodmere.  They have great works and they put up new exhibitions regularly.  I recently saw the group show curated by Eileen Neff - If you missed it I feel sorry for your artistic soul. Items were carefully selected and placed in reference to each other.  Very visually appealing.  The cost is a little on the high side however supporting the arts is never cheap.  The mansion and grounds are absolutely breathtaking and the sculpture garden is also something to take in.
