Xenos is a cute little shop where you can buy gifts and tons of chocolate.

When I went there the first time, I was disappointed to see that it was closed.  Desperate to find some gifts to take home with me, I walked around the neighborhood for another fifteen minutes but ended up having to backtrack to my hotel.  On the way back, who do I happen to see but the owner locking up?!!  I only wanted to ask her what her hours were so that I could somehow squeeze some time in to come back, but she kindly opened up again, turned on the lights, and even turned on the MUSIC!  Holy cow, where I come from, if a store is closed, it is closed.  Doesn't matter what business you bring with you!

Here's the cool stuff that I got:
-shot glasses of course
-Philly mugs
-Philly recipe book (cheesesteak, etc.)
-Philly kids' puzzle
-almost got the chocolate (there really is an amazing selection)

The lady was so sweet.  She talked to me for a bit and told me where to get some good food.  It's really nice when people spend a little more time with their patrons.

Even though Xenos is 3000 miles away from where I live, I felt so at home shopping there!  A little bit of hospitality goes a long way...
Run by very rude Asian lady who does not speak English and only point fingers. You can not touch anything in this store. Plus it's expensive.
I don't see how the owner is super nice and super friendly like the others have said. I walked in the store as I was answering a call from a friend. Less than 3 second, she tells me to talk outside. TALK OUTSIDE!!! What a bitch she is? In fact, I wasn't even talking loud.
What can I say, this is a small little souvenir shop my girlfriend and I bumped into while walking around Penn's landing. She immediately asked if we needed help to let her know and continued to  let us browse, who knew it would turn out to be a great conversation. We got our items and brought them to the counter we really wanted a glass that we saw in the window display but she went wayyy out of her way to dig up some untouched ones from the back! 
We began talking and she was asking about where we were from and what we should make sure we see and do before leaving Philly. She was a sweet very honest lady. She kept it very honest with us about the city, how to save a buck, where the true good food was, the upcoming gentrification, and all the short tempered people. She explained that she makes simple requests from people to respect herself, her store, and other customers.. And she doesn't understand how she can get called a B**ch for it on Yelp. She had a good attitude about it you can tell she's been around for awhile and is genuinely interested in her customers..Great shop decent prices!
My boyfriend and I just happened to walk by this place when their window display caught my eye so we went in to check it out.

The lady that was in there was really nice and started conversations with us about school and the Philadelphia area.

They had a lot of cute little things and also chocolate!

I definitely need to go back there soon.
A fantastic little gift shop with a very pleasant owner. Lots of "philly" type gifts as well as your favorite super hero designed items in the form of coffee mugs, lunch boxes and other fun trinkets.  Also has a great selection of cards and even a few Dia de los Muertos items. I'll be back every time I visit Philly to see what new neat items she has and also just to say hi to the owner Tina!
it's a wet day - sad and gray.  to console myself, i called my friend Tina (owner) to ask if she could stay open until i get there.  no problem she says.  i get the 'usjjzzh' special :) = a glorious pound of almond bark!!!!  and the clouds part and i hear giggling echoes of hysteric voices... ha!  presto, no more gray, just a luscious cacao concentrated bite of bliss
Xenos has gifts for all; for the world traveler, the lost souls from afar who have wandered into this fair and grimy city; all are welcomed with equal grace, humility, and infectious enthusiasm by Tina.  
she treats her customers like gold.  (i almost always get a sample of the latest sugar-nugget )

treat yourself.
be happy.
eat more Xenos candies and chocolates!
Look no further! Literally the best Souvenir shop in the area! Prior to finding this shop, I visited 3 other shops and couldn't find quality souvenirs to take back home to my friends and family. Most of the other shops had low quality souvenirs and cheaply made tshirts...

Walked in here and they had just about every souvenir and T-shirt I could have hoped for! On top of that, the owner was one of THE SWEETEST ladies i have met on my trip here. She told me about herself, the area, gave me a bunch of recommendations on places to eat, and sights to see. I found a lot of other souvenir shop owners to be kinda rude and not very welcoming. She was kind, wrapped all of my souvenirs, and placed them in a nice quality reusable bag. 

Very happy to give my service to such a warm and friendly owner:) thanks Tina!
The owner was sooo mean to my friend!!! She kicked us out because of what he was wearing. She said "This isn't a store for trashy people. get out"... I was shocked!! We were just looking at greeting cards (which by there way were pretty trashy)...we did nothing wrong. My friend isn't even trashy looking! It was bizarre. 

don't waste your time in this boring tourist junk store.
Very friendly here. Almost to a fault. Lots of items of all varieties to choose from. Very hospitable. Thank you so much!!!
I walk into the store to buy a bottle of water and it was this Asia lady in their she was discriminating against me she told me the bottles of water in her store was warm and I told her it's fine I would still like to buy a bottle water and then she told me her store closed. After she told me her store was closed I decided to walk out the store. once I left out I noticed she allowed this white woman to walk into her store so I confronted about her store being closed and then she had the audacity to tell me that was her friend so I told her that's wrong cause this white woman randomly walked without even speaking a word to you and you telling me your closed that's straight up wrong ,unfair, and mess up and I walked away.  A little after that situation I have walked past the store again and noticed another person inside the store which was an Asian man. Sad to say this but discrimination still exist and I am a young productive black male and this really made me feel sad and unimportant to not be able to buy a bottle water based on my race.
I went here looking for a gift. I read the good reviews and decided to check it out. As I walked around I did not touch anything in the store until I got to a t shirt which I opened to look and and folded and put down. I got remarks from the owner which I could barely understand and I told her I was just looking at it. I then was looking at the cards (and yes I did actually intend on buying one) I picked one up and the owner said something which I did not understand and I stated excuse me and she said you do not understand my English. I proceeded to look at another card to see what it said and the owner came over took the card from me and told me not to touch them and took every card in the row to inspect as if I damaged them. I have never experienced that in my life where looking at a non breakable item like that was such a horrible deed. Not a way to get business. Hard to believe given so many excellent reviews but
I'll spend my money elsewhere.
My husband and I decided to take a last min vacation to Philly for our anniversary. We had such fun we almost didnt do any souvenir shopping. So he found this place on google. Tina was extremely friendly. We ended up spending almost an hour there having a friendly conversation with her. Her English isn't perfect and sometimes language barriers can cause people to seem rude. She did have many signs indicating not to touch items. Which is understandable I've seen those signs in many stores. She gave us a map to the city and told us about different places to check out. A few other customers came into the store and she greeted them all and was very friendly. The souvenirs which some I saw in other shops were reasonably priced. Definitely going to stop by again on our next visit.
We walked in with every intention to spend a good amount of money on souvenirs. My husband gave me a kiss in the store and she kicked us out and told us it is a place of business and we need a hotel. Meanwhile she was eating her lunch  at the register and chomping away and didn't even great us. Yikes. Hope they reconsider their tactics.
The Asian woman running the shop was super friendly and helpful. I was looking for coasters and they had them at a great price and she was just so sweet. Would recommend people check this place out if they're looking for souvenirs from Philly!
All the negative reviews are BS. This is wonderful store and the owner is genuinely kind and nice person who actually cares about her business and her customers. I have been going here for years and NEVER had anything less that a good experience. 

First, they sell Cat's Meow! My mom collects them and I think they are really cool. And she has by far the biggest selection I've seen. That alone would keep me coming back, but she also has really good chocolate pretzels, and all sorts of cool little trinkets and collectibles! The candy is always fresh, the store is always clean, and she is always kind and welcoming.

The only reason I can think of that this place has negative reviews is because the people posting them are A-holes. The types of A-holes who go into a store like this, manhandle the collectibles without any concern for their condition and ask for discounts. I see these people all the time. Stupid tourists, old city and rittenhouse snobs who think they are above everybody else and talk down to anybody who doesn't fit their narrow shallow viewpoint.

It makes me mad. Especially now in light of the massive fire that pretty much shut down the block. Her store is open and undamaged and worth a visit any day! It's a great business and it would be a real shame to lose it due to the circumstances. This is not only a business I support but I want to see it continue to thrive because she is such a kind person.

For the TLDR, shop here. Either in person or online. If you want to support a good business run by a good person, this is your store!
The gift that I bought at Xenos was much cheaper than it was at the Independence Visitor Center, and the owner was super nice.  I'm usually shy, but it was really easy to carry on a conversation with her.  After reading the other reviews, I wish I took her offer for a map and had her tell me about different places to visit.  Unfortunately, I was in a hurry to catch a bus, but I am definitely visiting this place next time I visit Philly.  I highly recommend this place!
The lady who runs this shop is crazy and mean. We had just purchased gelato from the shop next door and were standing outside on the sidewalk when she came out and shooed us away by literally sweeping debris from the sidewalk onto us. She then told us that if we were going to stay we needed to stand in front of the ice cream shop. I'd never go inside to look at her chachkies but now avoid getting anywhere near this place.
On a recent trip to Philly, my friends and I spotted a pint glass in the window that we really wanted. The store was closed, but our hostel was literally right next door, so we weren't in a rush. 

We stopped back by before leaving and was happy to find a large selection of souvenirs, chocolates and candies. Like most other reviewers, we were so enamored with the owner. She was kind, welcoming and extremely helpful. My friend bought two pint glasses and she wrapped them with bubble wrap and put them in a sturdy box. 

Overall, we were very pleased with the selection and the kindness of the owner!
I am amazed at how rude the woman is who runs this store.  Being someone that loves this city very much I would hate for any visitors to think she represents who we are.  Please go elsewhere to buy your souvenirs.  You will find much better options sold by much nicer people.
My boyfriend, best friend and I decided to take a day trip to philly from NJ. 
We originally planned to spend it at two museums but with extra time we walked uptown to 6th street. From there my best friend had remembered the name of this shop from a trip we had taken with our school in 5th grade. When we arrived Tina greeted us enthusiastically and welcome us in. After some small talk she had asked us where we were from. When we mentioned our town she remembered our elementary school! Unbelievable! We must have spent a good half our talking about trips, school, life and future plans. This place has wonderful and well prices souvenirs and gifts for anyone on your list. (and their candy is amazing! I highly recommend the chocolate covered Oreos!) If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would. Tina is a wonderful small business owner who is just trying to make a living. She is respectful to people who respect her back. Please keep this in mind when shopping at any small business. You get what you put out in this world and Tina is a great example of the hardworking small business owners of America and I highly recommend stopping by here! :)
Best place to get souvenirs in Philadelphia! Me and my dad came here about half an hour earlier than the open time but Tina was nice enough to let us get in early!!! The store itself has a very large amount of stuff to choose from with a very fair price, plus Tina is such a wonderful person, was really nice and generous. She happily talk to you and even show you good places to visit or eat if you are a tourist like myself!! Definitely coming back when I visit Philadelphia again!
The owner is very good and friendly, gave us discounts out of nowhere. Show us what is good around town and best place for Philly cheesesteak
