There are several things I love in this world. Three of them are: yoga, being outside, and free stuff. Yoga on the Pier combines all three! 

Here are the details:

+ Class every weekday day (except Wednesday) at 7am, 
+ 6pm class Thursday. 
+ Saturday and Sunday weekend class at 9:30 am.
+ FREE! There's a donation bucket at the end of class, but it's pretty low pressure which I really appreciate.
+ Malik Wilson, the instructor I've had twice now. is AWESOME. Great hands on assists and great classes.
+ Get there 10 minutes early or so to get a good spot, it can be harder to hear if you are further away (although they often have over instructors walking around to give directions.
+ 10% discount at Cafe Ole for mentioning Yoga on the Pier.
+ BYO Mat, towel, water, and SUNSCREEN. Downward Dog=Awkward sunburn
+ All levels classes that are still a great workout.

Head on over to their fb group and like them for updates!

ALSO Yoga on the Pier got me on TV! Basically I'm so famous that coworkers' husbands and people who I went to high school with's moms are calling them being like, didn't you go to high school with that girl Melissa P? She's on TV at some obscurely late night time talking about how awesome free outdoor yoga is. Ok so it was two people and someone's instagram. ok it was my instagram. Still counts!

Definitely check it out!
Im a big fan of yoga on the pier. This little park is very clean and is actually pretty scenic, with the Ben Franklin bridge in the background. 

I've attended yoga a couple times on the weekend at 930 am. Be sure to come early to get a spot. For drivers, be sure to bring some quarters for meter parking. Also bring sunscreen, it gets pretty hot and sunny. 

To improve the class, I would recommend the instructor to encourage the class to sit in the same direction. Also, sometimes it's hard to hear the instructor because of train and duck boat distractions. 

Besides those few things, yoga is perfect here --- not to mention affordable as well!
Free yoga! Outside! Very cool concept. And they've extended it through daylight savings, so that means free yoga outside until nearly November! 

Most of the instructors are pretty good and lead in a Vinyasa style. I had one I didn't like so much, but everyone else has been good. It does get hard to hear when the train comes past. Bike parking is plentiful. Donation based, but the instructors are not pushy at all.
The best yoga in the city hands down! I love coming to these classes! Everyone, of all skill levels, is accepted & it doesn't feel pretentious. The teachers are on point and know their stuff. I can't wait until the outdoor classes start for the year. It's something I look forward to. Make sure to get there early and grab a decent spot because classes fill up quickly. Bring a water bottle, mat , towel and a pair of sunglasses. This is definitely the best way to experience yoga in the city.
This was a really great experience! I went to the Full Moon class when there was supposed to be a strawberry moon that night. I was super impressed with the view of the moon. The yoga was also really good, and they actually had several instructors going around helping out individuals in their yoga poses. My only complaint is that the sound system was not very good with the main instructor speaking into it. It would also be nice if they could play some music. But otherwise, definitely worth the uber out to the pier!
You are lucky if you find a spot. Come early and enjoy outdoor with all levels. No descrimination... I'm a beginner but always find that it something that I can do. Just a little challange. :) awesome people. Please donotate. Because it's FREE
