1. Get a reservation for you and someone you love (or like a lot) who really likes food. Not too late in the evening - you want to be able to take your time and enjoy yourself.

2. Get cash and a nice bottle of Italian wine before you come.

3. Arrive on time with wine and dining companion(s). Appreciate the polite host/ess and waitstaff as they greet and seat you.

4. Kindly inform the server you'd love for the chef to choose your meal, and that you'll all be having the Abbondanza tasting. (Abbondanza means abundance. Strap in.)

5. Prepare yourself for a homemade bread and butter, 3 appetizers, 3 pastas, 2 main dishes and 2 desserts.

6. Savor each exquisite dish in each course. 

7. Thank your server. Applaud the chef. 

8. Pay your bill. Tip generously.

9. Go home and sleep soundly and dream of pork shank.

10. Tell all of your friends and family to go - or to come with you on your next trip to A Mano!
A big praise hands emoji to A Mano. Finally a destination restaurant for Fairmount!

Must gets:
Squid Ink Alla Chitarra
Taleggio Polenta
Potato-Goat Cheese Gnocchi
Cauliflower Mezzaluna
Seared Spanish Octopus
Assorted Antipasti Board 
(It says for two, but if you come here solo and still order it, there is no judgement. Only respect.)

Maybe gets:
Pan Seared Branzino
Dessert
(We ordered all three of them and while all were lovely, none wowed me.)

Probably skip:
Braised Short Ribs
(Should have gone for the shank. This was a bit lackluster.)

Total bill for 6? $149. Not bad for all that yumminess plus some delish bread plus some BYO'd beverages.
Pricey??  I didn't think so.  
Loud??  Absolutely, voices and noise bouncing all over the place.  As I said before, if you want quiet, stay home.
Cash only?  So what.  It's not like you have to carry hundreds of dollars with you.  Get over it.

Service was excellent, professional and extremely helpful.

With the open kitchen on the back side of this quaint, corner storefront, the heat inside was almost unbearable.  I imagine in the fall and winter this place could be most comfortable.  I won't be returning on a hot, muggy 90 degree day, though.  Sweat and a comfortable dinner out don't mix.

The food was excellent starting with apps of the brazed tripe in a tomato base with chickpeas and guanciale (pork/bacon-like), omg, one of the best dishes of the evening for me.  My friend got the shaved vegetable salad which was wayyyyy more greens than vegetables, but with the charred onion vinaigrette and herbs, the flavor made up for the average salad components. 5 stars for the amazing tripe, 3.5 for the salad.

We split a parsley cavatelli.  The dish had 5 little escargot and also some beautiful tasting beech mushrooms.  The pasta serving was small, so don't worry about having too much food if you split this dish.  4 stars

For dinner the seafood stew was divine, excellent broth and tender pieces of fish and shell fish.  The pan seared skate wing was nice and crispy, pleasant tasting and presented well with caperberries, some artichoke remnants, and the like.  5 stars for the stew, 4 for the skate wing

We had to try the semifreddo for dessert.  It was good, but I have had better.  Let's call it a day with 4 stars.
After living in Fairmount for more than 6 years, my wife and I were thrilled to see an Italian restaurant finally opening.  And "A Mano" was accompanied by a good bit of hype ... the whole Townsend thing.  Anyway, it was our first outing since our new baby was born, and we were excited for some authentic Italian food.  

We were disappointed.  REALLY disappointed.

While the ingredients were fresh, and authentic, the dishes themselves were just underwhelming.  And overpriced.

The management should swing by Melograno, Mercato and Radicchio for some ideas on how to create high quality, authentic Italian cuisine that's unique, creative and memorable, as well as being fairly priced.

We're not cheap, and expect to pay good money for good food.  But $80 for 2 average-sized dishes of pasta and a shared appetizer was a bit ridiculous.  We actually ordered from the "first course" part of the menu, and were asked if we wanted our pasta dishes to come "entree sized." We said yes.  We enthusiastically ordered the Potato Gnocchi and the Lumechelle all'Amatriciana.  Then the portions arrived, and they looked more like appetizer or "primi patti" sized portions.  REALLY small.  But they were priced ($30-$32 each) like no dish of pasta we had ever consumed.  The dishes themselves were not terrible, but they were in no way memorable. And the menu itself is quite limited in its offerings.

The server had mentioned to us that some people were disappointed that the menu wasn't "like Carrabbas.'  That's certainly not what we were seeking. But extremely overpriced, severely undersized servings of "OK" Italian food is something I'm even less interested in.  

I see A Mano mentioned in new articles and reviews online alongside the description "highbrow Italian."  Not sure what that means, but apparently it means we won't be heading back to "A Mano" anytime soon.  Along with the highbrow prices and miniscule serving sizes, you do get an amazing view of the brightly lit Sunoco sign from the gas station that lies right across the street, about 50 feet from the restaurant.

So incredibly disappointing.  Again, I ask the management to please check out Melograno, Radicchio and Mercato right away.  Change the menu, and get some more traditional dishes (try a dash of red sauce, a seafood risotto, maybe, or even a dish of Cacio e pepe).  And tone it down on the prices.  

Tiny portions. Average quality. Sky-high prices.  What a brutal combo.

This is honestly the first restaurant we have visited in the city that caused us to vow that we will never go back. I hope to read that some real changes are made, or I question how long this restaurant will last.
A Mano was A-mazing! I can see why everyone has been raving about A Mano, all the great press and lists it's made, and regret having waited so long to check it out myself.

Although they are cash only and BYOB, reservations can be easily made on Opentable. My dinner was scheduled on a (gorgeous) Tuesday night, where the restaurant had decent foot traffic but wasn't at capacity. I'd bet it fills up quickly on weekends. 

I absolutely loved the open-air set up. They had their large, floor length windows open so window tables were essentially outside. The decor was very basic, but relied on the neighborhood charm.

After a lengthy conversation about the tasting when confirming the reservation days prior, we opted to order a la carte. While they would've accommodated one person who didn't eat fish or cheese and one person who did, ultimately the large portion size of the tasting was a deterrent. We ordered plenty and left well satisfied. Although everything we had was so amazing, I fear next time we return we'll have to get the same things and then still try more. 

For so many of the dishes we proclaimed that these were the best we've ever had of that kind. The pork belly appetizer and tomato gnocchi were truly in a class of their own. I've never had squid ink pasta before, but it was unique and I'm sure best in class as well. The duck entree was so tender and fell apart on the fork; it's the second best duck I've had in my life. 

Although the restaurant gives off a neighborhood feel, the service was polished, professional and friendly. 

A Mano isn't your typical mom and pop Italian spot, and the prices do reflect this. While, unfortunately, it cannot be a day to day spot for me, it is a true culinary experience and treat.
There's some serious love-or-hate going on in the reviews for A Mano so far.  I think I fall right in the middle.  

BYOB, cash only, and no reservations at this location turns into a loud mess.  We gave up on our first attempt last week, and managed to get in last night with no wait, because we hit the front end of the dinner crowd.  8:00 and later, this place is a zoo.  There's no waiting area, so you either stand outside, take a chance by going over to London for a drink, or crowd in the dinning room.  The latter seems to be everyone's approach in the winter, so it gets loud and a bit uncomfortable, because the upscale clientele does not like to wait in a cramped space with wine in-hand.  (God help the hostess...that's a rough job at this place.)

I found the service to be strong all night, and our server was approachable and knowledgable about the menu.  The house sourdough bread she started us with was fantastic:  chewy, fresh, and subtle flavor.  We went with crudo, tripe, and cauliflower for antipasti.  The crudo was good (vibrant, and the apple/sunchoke components made it somewhat unique).  The cauliflower is advertised as roasted, but is served cold.  Not my favorite, and overpriced for the small portion.  The tripe is a real winner.  It's something I never see on a menu, is easily under/over cooked, and people are scared off by it.  If you go, order it.  It's spicy, perfectly cooked and well-priced for the portion.  Goes great with a funky red wine.

I was expecting the pasta course to be my favorite of the night, but it ended up being a major letdown.  The squid ink pasta with mussels is a joke with a $15 price tag.  It's literally four small bites with four small mussels.  It's a little insulting to customers paying that price to bring out a micro-plate of pasta at an Italian BYO.  The flavor was good, but it was tough to enjoy when you're rationing out noodles.

Our main course was the pork shank, which was the exact opposite of the pasta debacle.  It was massive and more than enough to share ($26 price tag was very reasonable).  The polenta and pickled fennel worked perfectly with the tender, flavor packed meat.  My only complaint was that there was only enough fennel salad for three or four bites.  Not good, when there's a 20oz pork shank sitting on the plate.  Fortunately, they brought us a little extra.

Overall, we left with the same feeling as our recent trip to Neuf:  fun to try it, but not worth a return visit.  With no reservations, it's impossible to walk down with a group not knowing if you'll get seated, and the price point is really pushing it.
Oh this BYOB is the true definition of a hidden gem. Bring on the pasta 2.0 upgrade. I've dinned at this restaurant about three times from the beginning of this year. Twice I went there two weekends in a row because my partner just loved their pasta. I used to live in the area and my partner had heard about this place by a foodie friend but we always ventured out in Center City, Fishtown or East Passyunk. However, better late than never. 

It's a simple, corner restaurant with an open kitchen. It has sufficient seating without feeling overly crowded. The hostesses are quite nice and you're usually seated pretty quickly. Now food it's really good. They'll ask for dietary restrictions given nowadays everyone has one. And trust me, they'll accommodate. In all of my three visits, I've shared dishes. It's a nice way to try out as much as you can. From the menu, I've liked the roasted cauliflower, braised pork belly and the burrata. I think getting the cauliflower as side dish has made the meal a little lighter since I get stuffed quite easy. It's a combination of white raisins and mint. So good! As far as the second plates which is all about pasta - everything's absolutely delicious. To me have stood out the Parsley Cavatelli and Padron Linguine. I can't say anything unfortunately on the main course dishes when it comes to taste but I've noticed that portions are very generous. A major plus, cooking has been consistently good. 

To sum it up, I'll be returning to this gem again soon. I do reservations through OT and somehow have been quite lucky with it.
Food is way overpriced. Nothing original, new, or exciting. My escarole salad was drenched in Caesar dressing and wilted. Wild boar gnocchi was salty, wild boar was scorched. If you're looking for good Italian, stick with bridgids.
Shockingly expensive for pedestrian fare. 

A friend and I made early reservations (5:45), were seated, and pretty much hounded by our waiter who came to our table every 90 seconds to see if we were ready to order. He would not make it as a waiter in Italy. And it was so loud we could hardly hear him or each other.

The bread was just ok- homemade foccacia that was completely spongy- you could easily roll it into a ball. No nice crust at all. No better than if the middle had been pulled out of a loaf of bread. The roasted cauliflower app for $11 was, for me, inedible. All I could taste was charred cauliflower; the ashy taste overwhelmed every other flavor and I sent it back. Nobody said a word about it and the full fee was on the check. It took half a glass of (very nice) iced tea to get the burned taste out of my mouth.

The braised pork shank was a good large portion, and very tender and tasty. The polenta that was served along side was very, very rich and way too buttery. It was like eating a pat of butter. My dinner mate had the head cheese app which she said was ok, and the braised short rib which again was just ok.

As others have mentioned there are many other better choices for authentic Italian food in Philly; unpretentious. good food at reasonable prices with better service and atmosphere- like eating in Italy. It can be done in Philly but not here. And $100 price tag for two for a very pedestrian meal with no wine! Vergogna!!
So overall, I liked it & would go again. I also think that it's a really nice addition to the neighborhood & I love that it's a BYOB. That said, I was disappointed in the portion sizes & think it's a little pricey for Fairmount. I got that cavatelli pasta as my 1st course, which was delicious, though I could have easily eaten double the portion size that they served. For my entree I got the cod, which again, was really good, but was essentially just the piece of fish, so it wasn't very filling. The menu said that it came w/a couscous type of pasta, which turned out to be a VERY small "sprinkling" of pasta. It left me quite hungry afterwards. My friend got the pork though, which she said fell off the bone & was delicious. Her dish was def bigger/more filling than what I ordered. For dessert, I had the panna cotta, which was decent, though definitely not the best I've ever had. I do want this place to succeed- I just think they need to drop their prices a little & increase their portion sizes a bit.
A Mano gets an A plus from me. Every year for Christmas I get my mom a gift certificate for a BYOB I haven't been to yet and pray that she ends up liking it. So far I've never let her down. 

I was able to buy the gift certificate online and print it from my computer and make a reservation on opentable. It was pretty empty when we got there at 645 on a cold Tuesday but it was busy by the time we left.

Service was wonderful! Waiter was very attentive and informative and when we couldn't decide what to order and told him to surprise us between 2 pastas- he sent out both! 

The food was delicious! Highly recommend the veal tartare, leek ravioli, sweet potato gnocchi, duck, and skate wing. Everything was cooked perfectly. That was enough food for 2 of us (and we probably didn't need the 2nd pasta, so I don't know that the set menu would be worth it for me, unless I was looking for leftovers). We sadly didn't have room for dessert either. One note for the entrees is that the main event is really the meat or fish, with the veggies as more of an afterthought, so if you were looking for more veggies I'd recommend getting a side. It was a bit pricey (maybe $50 a person with tax and tip) but my mom is worth it.

Great spot for a date with your bf, girlfriends, mom, or even a high rolling tinder!
What a hidden gem to go for a date night. 

Just a heads up this place is BYO and cash-only. The good thing though is that Whole Foods is right down the street and so you can pick up a bottle of wine and that'd probably cost the same as two glasses somewhere else. 

This place is pricey but the food is so decadent and delicious that I  believe it's absolutely worth it. 

We started off with the antipasti plate which blew my mind. the tapenade and the cheese with the vinaigrette- OH MY GOODNESS. their cheese/charcuterie board put my measly do-it-yourself board to shame. At one point, i tried to scrape whatever was left on to a tiny piece of crust. it was that good. 

Next we had the squid ink pasta with sea urchin and mussels. it's savory and tart at the same time. there's mint leaves in there as well as bread crumbs to change up the texture and taste. 

 After these two courses, i looked over and my partner mumbled "i'm getting full," BUT, the moment the braise pork came out - SURPRISE, he wasn't full any more! the braise pork is extremely decadent and falls off the bone. i'm not a big meat eater, but again, my partner was impressed. 

and then, for dessert we had a creme brulee/flan-type-of-dessert. the expresso custard with figs and raspberry sauce complemented each other so well. 

it's all about eating well and living well. 

oh, A Mano was such a nice treat-- until next time.
Be still my Italian food loving heart!
On a cold weekday evening, my friend and I hopped on over here. Luckily there was barely a wait for a table--they are walk in only--this may get a bit crazy.
I wanted to eat everything but my friend and I settled on a few dishes.
The Arctic char crudo was on point. I have never had a crudo with a light hint of vadouvan curry but apparently I am a huge fan. Roasted cauliflower is never wrong and it certainly wasn't here.
The house made focaccia with too melty butter made it hard to eat but I'm kind of glad I didn't waste belly room on this.
Pastas are small-but made sense for the price. Ain't nothing wrong with uni and squid ink cut with the lovely acidity of lemons. The cavatelli had a nice texture with the buckwheat.
So by this point I probably should have gone with a lighter entree. But... meat!
The short rib is good--well made and flavorful, perhaps a bit salty if you don't eat it with the celery purée.
But the pork shank. Man. That is what my dreams are made of. Fall off the bone flavorful meat and the accompanying polenta--I just want to swim in it!
Dessert selections were good--Classic and the perfect way to end a meal.

Cash only right now.
I grew up in north jersey, so Italian food is very familiar to me.  I was looking for a good Italian spot in Philly and thought I had found one, but I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be.  I thought this would be more of a typical Italian dining experience but I was not blown away by the food.

We decided to do the tasting menu, which is $65 per person.  And let me tell you, the amount of food we got was INSANE.  There was so much food & we definitely had a ton of leftovers.  You get 3 Antipasti, 2 Primi, 2 Secondi and 2 desserts.My only issue with this tasting menu is that the chef chooses the dishes so if you are picky, that could be a problem.They do ask if you have allergies, which is nice!

We ended up getting:

Antipasti: Roasted Cauliflower, tuna crudo, braised pork belly

Primi: Mushroom Ravioli, Bucatini all'Amatriciana

Secondi: Duck Breast, Skate Wing
After reading the reviews for A Mano I went in expecting it to be loud, crowded and hard to get a table.  Either the hype of the new place has died down or I hit the place right.  Walked and was pleasantly surprised to be seated right away, thought I might have to wait for my dinner complain to arrive but I didn't and good thing cause there really isn't any place to wait around in there.  Its tiny but has a warm and cozy vibe to it I rather enjoyed the atmosphere but if smaller places aren't your thing this isn't the place for you.  My friend and I took advantage of the BYOB option, partially why we picked the place.

I was mentally prepared for the meal to be expensive and knew it was Cash Only so I made sure to hit the atm beforehand which probably over did it but there are other things I needed cash for.  It is pricey but the food was good and I would go back.  We were given the option to have the pasta section as an entry size after reading the reviews I knew that wasn't the way to go so I optioned to order a pasta dish as is, the buckwheat cavatelli, and a side of brussel sprouts which totally could of split with my friend since we started with the soup.  The soup was a perfect call for a cold night so glad I decided to start that ways it was very flavorful and the hot temperature was just was I needed.   I love mushrooms so the buckwheat cavatelli dish stuck out to me, it was super tasty it wasn't as small and I thought it might be based on other reviews but it wasn't super large either.  The brussel sprouts were very tasty they have a small kick to them nothing over powering but enough that is enjoyable.  Over all the place is on the pricier side but the food was good and I enjoyed the atmosphere.
Kind of disappointing after the other reviews I read. Space is nice but loud "techno fusion" music was too much. Everyone at tables were shouting over it. Pasta dishes and bread were delicious. I had the cod which was just ok. Portion was way out of proportion with preparation and price. I tried a piece of my wife's short rib and it was dried out and somewhat stringy. My other two guests said the were pleased with their meals. Nice location and friendly staff.
I've been looking forward to trying this restaurant for a few years.  My wife and I own 2 small restaurants so we rarely get a chance to get out. 
A few months ago,  we went with our 2 children (9 & 13 years old) and our friend. 
The 5 of us were greeted and seated promptly as we were 15 minutes late for our reservation. Immediately I noticed that although the restaurant is small, the tables are not crammed so close together that you're part of someone else's conversation.  I also noticed the cool, funky, soulful background music that was loud enough to enjoy, but not too loud to talk over. 

Our server, Isaiah, was pleasant and quickly started chilling the wine that we brought. 
He was very comfortable discussing menu items including ingredients as well as preperation procedures. 
He wasn't shy discussing his favorites and was very helpful steering us in the right direction as far as ordering the right amount of food. 
A basket with 5 generous slices of warm sourdough arrived at our table accompanied by perfectly softened butter. It was heavenly. 
I told my wife before we ate anything else that the Chef could make a living just selling this bread. 
Our appetizers arrived in a timely fashion and we dove right in.

The Pork Belly was hot with a touch of crispness. Topped simply with a grapefruit supreme and crushed pistachios. We all liked this one a lot, even my friend who loves bacon, but not pork belly.  YUM !!

The Gnocco Fritto is Fried dough accompanied by an incredible homemade ricotta cheese and slices of prosciutto.  I made myself a little open faced sandwich and enjoyed how the flavors all played well together. 
All 5 of us devoured our portions as if we'd never eaten before. 

The Veal Tartare was My dish.
Everyone at the table including my 9 year old,  including my wife, who doesn't eat veal, including my friend,  who doesn't eat raw stuff tried it. They didn't dislike it,  but they graciously let me finish it and I graciously accepted.  Perfect balance of acid and fat in the Tartare.  Truffle was present, but not overwhelming.  I could eat those homemade crackers all day long. 

The Antipasti Board rounded out our 1st course.
My wife loves to order the meat and cheese board when she sees it on a menu and this one didn't disappoint.  

On to the  pasta course !!!!
We decided to try the small portion of all 5 and I can honestly say that we enjoyed them all. 

The gnocchi was lighter than air.
The cavatelli was hearty and toothsome. The kids tried escargot.  
The pappardelle with shreds of braised lamb and a hint of curry was popular with everyone at the table. 
The Mushroom Ravioli with Foie Gras knocked everybody's socks off.  My 9 year old daughter ate one and insisted on her own order of Mushroom Ravioli. 
Lastly, and probably my favorite if I could only choose one pasta dish, it would be the Bucatini with a delicious tomato sauce enhanced with smoky cheese and meat . Hearty, rich and smoky to the last bite. 

At the onset of our feast, we decided that 2 entrees would be plenty for the 5 of us to split, and everyone seemed most interested in the Braised Pork Shank. So we got 2,  even though we took most of the second one home. It was falling off the bone tender and just as flavorful. My son loved the polenta so much, he wanted to order a side to take home.

It was Father's Day and my Wife's Birthday, so we couldn't skip dessert.   Homemade Raspberry Rhubarb Sorbet and Cappuccino Semifreddo

Overall,  this place was a hit !! My friend who joined us for dinner has spent time living in Italy and was equally impressed with everything especially the homemade pasta. 
Since my wife and I are Chef's we try not to be overly critical yet we have certain expectations, especially for ambitious restaurants. This place filled up quickly and the kitchen seemed to keep pace efficiently.  The food arrived hot and seasoned properly, but nothing was "salty".  Offering homemade bread and pasta dishes along with imported ingredients is incredibly ambitious just not overly.
Remember to bring cash . Parking lot directly across cost $13 for 2hrs+ 

Photos to follow.
Went out for a date night, split an app and each had a pasta entree.  The food was very good, but ended up dropping $100 for an app and two pasta dishes.  We ordered off of A Mano's pasta menu, and when the waitress offered us entree portions she didn't state that the prices would outright double the primi prices.  Certainly we expected a price bump, but doubling it up while not telling us really took away from our experience and aggravated us.  All that, and even the entree portion was very easy for a light eater to finish with no leftovers. 

While I was excited to have a new BYO in the neighborhood, the value here just isn't here.  For that price you can go to any of the other great Fairmount spots and buy drinks, or head to the BYO's downtown for food that is just as good, but cheaper.  It's frustrating knowing how close we were to having another go to restaurant in the neighborhood
I am so unbelievably touched by the level of service that we received. First of all, I called the same day to add a person to our party and we were accommodated without question. Management and staff were so kind and did everything possible to make our celebration evening a success, even working with a shortcoming of mine. 

Wer ordered quite a bit off the menu and all of the dishes were presented impeccably and had layer upon layer of flavor. Everything had the rusticity of home cooking, but infused with impeccable technique and an extra punch of flavor. Some favorites included the octopus, the antipasto board, the cauliflower mezzaluna, the chittara with squid ink and sea urchin butter and the gnocchi with peas and speck. Most of us got the pork shank for a dinner entree- it was the best thing I have eaten in ages, caramelized, fork tender and served with creamy cheese-infused polenta. 

For dessert, we ordered the bomboloni and the chocolate basil panacotta. We were also present with the meyer lemon semifreddo (something we did not think to order, but it was our favorite).

I cannot thank the management and staff enough for being so accommodating and absolutely amazing. We felt so welcome. We cannot wait to come back again and again- this is without a doubt our favorite restaurant in Philadelphia and we have not loved a restaurant enough to call a favorite in a long time.
If you are looking to have a nice night out in Philly then save yourself the frustration and pass on this restaurant. We were a group of five and we dined at Amano late Wednesday night.  The food was good, but the pretentious management really put a damper on our night out. The management thinks they are so great they don't need to answer the phone because potential customers are just not as important as those who are sitting in their less than half full restaurant. They also don't take reservations and because they don't take reservations they don't feel it is important to answer their phone. We called three times that day but because they didn't answer their phone, we couldn't give them a heads up that a party of five would be coming. We didn't know they were cash only either which caused an inconvenience to some in our party. Even though the restaurant was less than half full, we still had to wait more than 20 minutes for our table. The manager refused to put a chair on the end of one of the many open tables to sit our party because it might interfere with other diners. While we waited, we asked if we could have some glasses for our champagne, but they also told us NO. They also made an error on our bill and overcharged us. The hostess was sweet and our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly, but the operations manager was the rudest. Her body language was really off putting and when our group had asked to speak with her regarding our inability to get ahold of the restaurant during the day, she never came. Instead she sent one of the waiters to speak with us. The food was well prepared and tasty but with attitudes like that, you will only be left with a disappointed meal and money out of your pocket. With so many other good restaurants in Philly, this one will never make it unless they act a little more cordial to their customers. When we were leaving we asked them if they might start answering their phones because not getting ahold of a restaurant to ask a question, might frustrate potential customers. The waiter smugly laughed and answered with a "probably not." Apparently they are not willing to listen to their customers and that translates to not caring about them either.
Went to a birthday party for 12 last night. First the restaurant is much to small and loud for a private party. We were sat in the middle of the room. I literally could not hear people sitting right next to me. The room is nondescript, open room with an open kitchen. The service was fine. The servers knew the menu served. We did a small plate sharing menu . The portions were tiny. It all was good but far from great and it was $100 per person and we brought our own wine. To be fair it was all high end ingredients including a foie gras course which everyone received their own. I wanted to love it but I barely liked it. Not sure if I'd go on my own.
My wife adored the fish dish she had. The zucchini fritters were very good. The cauliflower appetizer was also good. I liked the goat cheese gnocchi. Service was pleasant. 

The food is on the pricey side and they only take cash.
I appreciate dining concepts like A Mano. It's an intimate, single room configuration with an open kitchen (similar to Audrey Claire and to a lesser extent, Umai Umai). You will absolutely need a reservation on the weekends, and getting in a larger party (6+) will be tough.

With that said, A Mano boasts a balanced, rotating seasonal menu. This includes 6ish appetizer options, Primi (pastas), and Secondary choices, respectively. My girlfriend and I elected to share one of each - the burrata, bucateli All'Amarticiana, and chicken Milanese. The portions are appropriate, and we both remarked the quality of the plates. The smokey profile of the bucateli in particular (nod to the guanciale) was outstanding. We finished off our meal by sharing a dessert that I can't recall the name of, but I believe it was accented with dulce de leche.

We may have just crowned this our favorite dining spot on Fairmount Ave (the fact that it's a BYOB puts it over the top).
The space is really understated. Apart from a few large mirrors, the space is virtually unadorned. Because of this your attention is drawn to the open kitchen.  I chose to try the tasting menu which came with an abundance of dishes. Three apps, three pasta dishes, two entrees and two desserts later, I left happy and full. Their pasta dishes are absolute perfection. The pastas themselves are cooked perfectly and they are accompanied by creative accoutrements, rich in creativity, seasonal ingredients, and flavor. These are easily some of the best in the city.  We also loved the hamachi crudo and the sea bass. I look forward to coming back and trying more of the pastas.
I have to say I was really looking forward to this meal - I adore Townsends place on East Passyunk, and (BONUS) this was a nice thank you gift from a long time business associate and friend. So yours truly was certainly in the mood for a holiday celebration.  So why the 3 stars?
Everything was good... really. But a variety of factors cause me to deduct a star.  

First of all they are a bit too anal about turning tables/time. Shuttling food out quickly. We asked in advance to pace our meal so we could talk/drink and wait for one of our party who got held up. They complied, but it felt like a bit of an imposition which is not how you want to feel at a high end restaurant.  

We did the meal family style and shared plates, which is a little tough for the antipasta dishes given the very small portions. At these prices, I think they could improve that. Veal tartar with Truffle sauce, roasted cauliflower, pork belly, and tuna crudo - all good, but not what i think of as "great" or really memorable. The secondi -  a ravioli dish that I did not try- again seemed on the small side for the $. Our three entree dishes included the pork shank, barramundi, and duck breast. The duck breast was outstanding and original. As most claim, the pork shank was fall off the bone - but a bit pedestrian in its flavor profile IMHO. The barramundi faired well, but did not blow me away. As I said - no real complaints, but nothing that truly has me salivating for a return performance. 

I do believe the Fairmont locals see this as a welcome addition to the food scene, and our hosts did enjoy the meal. I think with some tweaks A Mano will carve itself a nice niche in the Fairmont food wars.
Every meal I've had here has been spectacular. Last one was pasta course of corzetti, followed by a braised pork shank with taleggio polenta- both dishes were just perfect. Had a fabulous bombolone for desert which was light, cakey and delicious. 
Service was gracious and attentive, the atmosphere was convivial. Certainly among the best byob spots in the city.
This early Saturday evening visit was worth the wait and in many ways perfectly hit the spot. We came early, about 5:45pm on a Saturday, expecting a dinner rush and not wanting to wait. I know its really early, but we didn't mind and prepared for this earlier in the day. And wait we did not.
We were seated right away at a prime two top right in front of a window-with the great view of the Sunoco station across the street. Not the best sight, but the window was much better than being sandwiched against the wall. The rest of the interior is extremely simple. An olive green banquette across the far wall and simple dark wood tables. That's about it. There is a semi open kitchen towards the back, and dim lighting.
Our waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about all dishes, and let us in on a few specials. We ended up sharing three first courses, two secondis, a side of sunchokes, and skipped the main dishes all together, as they just didn't stick out as much.
We went with the antipasti board, which for me as a pescetarian was very appropriate - grilled and marinated vegetables, anchovies, a yummy piece of buttery cheese, olives and a few charcuterie for the man to eat-really one of the best of this type of arrangement I've had in a while and would definitely recommend if you're on the fence. We also shared the pear and parsnip soup, which honestly I wish I had my own of because it was incredible and I didn't want to share. Finally we shared a crudo which was small but tasty.
For the secondi course, we had the squid ink pasta with uni butter which was quite believably as amazing as it sounds. The other pasta we shared was the cauliflower mezzaluna, which is small ravioli type pastas with rich cauliflower in a little bit too sweet of a sauce. It was pleasant but glad it was a smaller portion. 
We finished the meal with both the bomboloni (donuts) and something ice-cream like (can't remember what this is called!). It was so good. The donuts made me make weird noises while I was eating them. Kinda reminiscent of a child giggling while doing something they shouldn't be doing. I dunno if that's weird, but so be it.
Bonus points for BYOB. I wish I had more wine and or a cocktail, but that's what my home bar is for. I will hopefully make it back before I sadly leave the neighborhood. Just remember to come early or be ready to wait, and to bring that sweet sweet cash with you.
Damn, I feel terrible leaving this review, I want to root for this lean and well organized restaurant, but this was terrible.

The servers and management were very delicate and attentive, we had our young daughter with us and felt very welcome, it's our first date night ever as a family.

The food was poorly executed across the board.

House focaccia was very good, could have been hotter
Fluke crudo was good.
Liver mouse was offensively bad. A social media picture clearly shows it quinelled, was at one time the proper consistency, but we were served watery pink boogersnot in a ramekin with flimsy soft pieces of barely grilled  bread. It was clear the line cook knew they thinned it out, and it never should have made it to the dining room.
The bolognese was just weird, weird sweetness to it, was the ricotta sweet? tasted like there was no seasoning in it, was not deep or rich in any way, and was no creaminess to. Needed more butter or cream in the pickup and desperately needed more red wine salt and pepper.
Gnocchi was ok, sauce had some depth, maybe even some smoke, that worked, but the gnocchi was very bready, a result of too much flower and overworking the dough.

Rule of thumb with serving anything on the bone. It should fall off the bone. Pork shank was seasonless and tough to pull off the bone, tellegio polenta actually made my ears perk up, but what I got was maybe 1.5 ounce of runny under seasoned polenta. 

Excitingly written menu, but the line cook spent most of the service standing on his phone and likely waiting for the rush, not thinking that the first diners in an empty dining room mattered, certainly tasted that way.
We arrived at A. Mano, a small one room BYO in Fairmount, a couple minutes early and we're seated exactly on time. The restaurant is intimate, one room with an open kitchen looking out into the room. (This did make the room a bit warm and a little uncomfortable on a warm night). 

We had the option of the  chefs tasting menu (4 courses chosen by the chef to share). We chose to just order what looked good off the menu. The opted for the cheese/meat/veggie plate appetizer to share. It came with two cured meats, two cheeses and a few vegetables. The overall plate was delicious and complemented each other very well. The one negative was that the cheeses were very safe, one creamy cheese and one hard cheese that was slightly salty, nothing special or memorable. Nothing with any additional depth of flavor that we look for in a cheese plate. Otherwise it was delicious. 

I ordered the dinner portion of the gnocchi and my fiance got the braised pork. The pork was delicious it fell off the bone and was very flavorful and moist. It came on a bed of polenta that was simple but delicious. The gnocchi was in a tomato sauce with chicken sausage. It was delicious and filling, I didn't need the full dinner portion, I only ended up eating half of it. Finally we had a hazelnut and chocolate bar with ice cream for dessert and it was perfect. 

Overall we had a wonderful dining experience and the service was great. We will definitely be back.
All around great meal! Visited on a beautiful fall evening and enjoyed outdoor dining. This quaint BYOB has a few warming lamps and are taking COVID precautions.

The menu is relatively short and they seem to keep their mainstays over the years, but this means they have mastered each dish. 

They started with fresh sourdough focaccia and at that point I wanted to say forget the meal, give me a loaf of this. It was so good and I had to restrain myself.

Appetizers: Pork Belly and Brussel and Romain Caesar. The pork belly was cooked perfectly with grapefruit to cut the fattiness. The Caesar was just ok, they smartly used lemon to breakdown the raw Brussels, but I could barely taste the Caesar 

Pastas: Both the Crab Strozzapretti and Bucatini were OUTSTANDING. So good.

Entree: Chicken Milanese was simple, but delicious. The chicken was so moist and a good portion.

Dessert: Chocolate Panna Cotta and Cotton Cake with gelato were a great finish. No complaints here
Had a delicious birthday dinner here. One of the few places that do a great amatriciana. The pasta is all homemade and delicious! I honestly enjoyed all of them and can't pick a favorite. Also, the Chicken Milanese was a surprise hit! It was so tender and juicy. Also, not pictured, but the antipasti board was delish!
Everyone told me this place was the best in Philly so I couldn't wait to try it out. I finally went and tried all the homemade pastas but was not impressed. It was not bad, just not as mind blowing as everyone had made it out to be. The atmosphere is cute and the service was wonderful. It's a nice neighborhood spot but I live in Old city and will likely not be rushing back.
This place was shockingly bad. 

We ordered the Artic Char, Pesto Gnocci, Cauliflower Ravioli in Brown Butter Sauce, and Asparagus. We also got bread for the table.

The bread was incredible. Seriously, it was moist, almost spongey with just the right amount of chew. 

The iced tea was pretty good too.

The Atlantic Char was described to us in terms of sushi. What we got looked like cat food and tasted like  tuna salad, maybe made with fresh tuna instead of canned.
 
We had been warned that the portions were small, so since we were only ordering pasta we asked for an entree size. 

First of all - all of the tables around us were upset with the portions. To say that the entree sized portions were small is an understatement - it was probably exactly one serving but there is no generosity, which is fine in an upscale establishment if a little odd at an corner eatery style italian restaurant. 

What was upsetting was the presentation, the taste, and the cost. Each plate looked like it had just been dumped on the plate. The people next to us received their food with some of it sliding off, which one of the patrons had to save with his fork because the server was completely oblibivious.

The pesto gnocci was bland - I dont know how this is possible given that I routinely make pesto and it has never been bland (because how could parmesean, garlic, pepper, oil, and basil POSSIBLY be bland) but it was extremely bland. 

The asparagus was cold, grey and did not taste fresh. Most unfortunately, the most prominent flavor was smoke.

Finally, the Califlower ravioli (which was not called ravioli but our server explained what it was) was shocking. In the description it described a fresh home made ravioli in a brown butter sauce. What  we got was what tasted like under cooked (tough and chewy at the edges), boxed ravioli with a soy sauce and balsamic reduction with shavings of raw califlower. I promise you, no one has ever wanted a soy and balsamic reduction, particularly not on ravioli, and particularly not when one was expecting a brown butter sauce.

Needless to say, I ordered more bread and tried to enjoy that.

We had no intention of ordering dessert, and frankly none was offered (although it was offered to one of the tables next to us).

We then got the bill. Turns out they are a cadh only estblishment so we had to run across the street for cash (in the day if the square you are chash only? Seriously?) So what did we pay for this delightful meal that did not include alcohol? $96 plus tip bringing us to just under $120 for two people who did not drink, or eat a meat/fish main course.

Needless to say, we will not be back.
Great service and the food was even better! The pasta dishes including the snail one is a must try. The pork shank and the chicken Milanese was to die for. I wish we had space for desert but we were so stuffed and had to stop. A great BYOB in a very cool neighborhood.

Only area for improvement is jacking up the air conditioner. It was soooo hot inside the restaurant.
We had a delightful dinner here one evening where we enjoyed the open windows and BYOB. The dishes are very shareable and delicious! The octopus was wonderful and the pastas had a nice balance of flavor. Don't forget to enjoy some of the complimentary home made focaccia bread! Their menu changes seasonally so they can keep things fresh. Would definitely recommend this place for an evening out!
Was prepared for a wait, however we arrived and were seated immediately. Food was very good, but for people like my husband, portions were small, and everything was a la cart, and a little pricey. Clearly still working out some kinks (waitress was asking us if we wanted dessert before we go our main dish) but otherwise good addition to Fairmount. Recommend the Cauliflower Mezzalone! BYO and cash only.
This is one of those places where you walk by and wonder why you don't see anyone actually eating.    When you go in, you understand why.   This place is exceedingly expensive with  small portions.  There is no menu outside to warn you what you are in for.  We dropped a hundred dollars (before tip) for just two of us. and this without drinks or dessert.   The server recommended a dish from each of the three columns, but the menu was so expensive that we decided to order from two columns instead.   I was hungry within a couple hours after ordering the cavatelli with mushrooms, and the bronzino. Both were indeed tasty and the servers were quite nice and attentive, but it is shameful for the owner to charge so much money.  The restaurant seems to draw people from other neighborhoods (with lots of disposable income, no doubt)   I don't think too many Fairmounters will be frequenting this restaurant  when Zorba's is a few doors down and has reasonable prices with great food.  We won't be going back to A Mano.  Recommend Porcini's in Rittenhouse instead.
One word to describe my overall experience at 
A Mano: EXCELLENT! My girlfriend and I had been looking forward to visiting A Mano since we heard rumors about it a year ago. Townsend Wentz has proven himself as a great chef so we expected great things from his new venture. 

As I read the other reviews I am stunned by the negativity and I feel that people are focused on the wrong things. I understand that a cash only restaurant in today's America is odd and in convenient, but let's not have it distract from what is really important. THE FOOD!!! The food is amazing, no doubt about that. The focaccia bread to start was warm, soft and delicious. We shared the sausage, squid ink pasta, gnocchi with wild boar, and branzino. Each dish was better than the next with unique, bold flavor profiles that left us wanting more. The presentation and service were terrific as well. The waitress did mistake my water request, but it's understandable because of the loud room. And she quickly resolved the issue. 

   Besides the gripes about the restaurant being cash only, I see a lot of disdain for the high prices.  I don't have much to say about that Except that great food costs money and $25 for a dish isn't unreasonable. If you want something cheap, there's a bunch of good quick eats on callowhill. 

Do yourself a favor and go to A Mano if you're looking for a comfortable restaurant with amazing food and great service.
While the food / service during our meal was great, we have subsequently had a terrible experience with the restaurant's manager. One of the servers lost control of a serving tray and spilled a glass of wine on my sweater. He was profusely apologetic, and we completely understand that accidents do happen. In the follow up we were promised that the cost of the sweater would be covered if the stains were not able to be removed by a dry cleaner (they were not). Instead of upholding our agreement, the manager has accused me via e-mail of,  "simply trying to take advantage of us and have an old, tired sweater replaced for free. You didn't even pay for it with your own money". She is correct, the sweater was a gift from my fiancé, so I did not personally "pay" for it. This utterly disrespectful e-mail was consistent with other words exchanged after our dining experience at A Mano. While the food is definitely good, this behavior from the restaurant's manger is quite shocking and unfortunately ruined what was otherwise a good experience.
The food is pretty good, especially the pastas ant the appetizers.  You can skip the large plates and not miss much.

I found the meal expensive at $75 a person while it is a BYOB, and they accept only cash.  At this price, they can take credit cards and pay the viggorish (not to mention the taxes).

But the overriding concern is the noise level.  It is nothing short of an assault.  I could not hear my dining partners across the table and had to yell to be heard.  The doors were open on that warm evening, so that was going to be the best it could be, and it was unbearable. Even millennial would find the sound level unacceptable.  At this price point, I expect a comfortable environment, better food and an effort to give the customer a pleasant experience.

This place could be better, but for now, you would be advised to find a better place for food and a comfortable experience.
We were so excited when we heard A Mano opened back up! It has been on our list for years, and we feared the worst when it shut down during the pandemic - but all early signs show that it has come back better than ever.

They have (yet again) a solid menu. It follows an Italian cuisine, but you won't be coming here for "Italian-American" food like chicken parm. While that is a personal favorite dish, I really appreciate restaurants/chefs who pay homage to the motherland's traditional eats. There are just enough options, with dishes suitable for vegetarians, and they have some really creative choices.

I had their honey grilled peaches with prosciutto and sesame crackers. This was a perfect summer dish. Light and perfect combination of sweet and salty. This was a dish I would definitely go back for. Their pasta dishes were really delicious. If you are in the Fairmount/Spring Garden/Brewerytown/Kensington neighborhoods, this is probably one of the best upscale & handmade Italian restaurants you can find in the immediate area. 

They offer a 4 course, family style option for just $65 a person, and it is BYOB - which means you can really indulge in the actual food!

Would definitely recommend checking this spot out.
Came for dinner before a show. Very laid back & quaint. Staff was extremely knowlegable. Received complimentary cauliflower. The cauliflower was served cold and was a little spicy. The bread was baked in house & served warm with butter.  Delectable indeed!

The braised pork belly melted in my mouth. The hint of grapefruit with a touch of chill oil, perfect combination.The pasta was delectable. The staff pays attention to detail, every time my water glass was half empty the waiter came to fill it. 

My entree was HEAVENLY!!! I had the pork shank with polenta. The polenta was the absolute best polenta I ever had! I swear it melted in my mouth. The polenta was smooth, creamy, and flavorful. The pork shank was cooked to perfection. The pork was tender, juicy, and succulent.  The meat was truly falling off the bones. The pork shank was garnished with a nice type of cabbage slaw.

This was definitely one of the best meals I have had in a long time. This place is a true winner in my books!!!
We love this spot- My wife have been here twice- 

The first time for the tasting menu which was out of this world! 

The second for a few apps and I had the duck entree- 

Both times service was spot on- food was fresh and well prepared- 

Ambiance was perfect- not too loud- nice lighting- Def a romantic spot to take that special someone or even go to with family- 

All in all a great dining experience and some of the best in the Art museum, Fairmount area- Highly recommend-
On a whim decided to switch up dinner plans for my wife's bday and so glad we did. We always avoided A Mano as we heard all the hype about how good it was and how they don't take reservations, blah blah blah. We never wanted to take a chance and show up to wait hours so we never went. Flashback to Wednesday and they take RESERVATIONS!! 

Make a reservation, go for dinner, BYOB, and enjoy. From the fresh baked sourdough bread and what seemed liked fresh churned butter to the pork belly appetizer, the spicy pappardelle pasta, the Cod and the donut with stuff marshmallow(?) this place was fantastic. Honestly, every bite of everything from start to finish was AWESOME.
I have been hearing about A Mano since I first moved to Fairmount over a month ago. After hearing all the rave reviews, I had to check it out. Trust, I was not disappointed. This is probably the best meal I have had in almost a year!

A Mano is a BYOB nestled in Fairmount. It doesn't look like much from the outside, located on the corner across from a convenient store. However, this restaurant is not only the best in Fairmount but from what I can tell- it's a contender for best in the entire city!

While they don't take reservations, when you arrive at A Mano they take your name and number and are happy to hold any wine or alcohol you may have brought with you. They text you as soon as your table is ready, so it's super easy to head across the street to London Grille for a cocktail as you wait for your table.

We went on a sunny, warm Saturday evening and they had all their windows open offering an indoor/outdoor vibe. We immediately ran into some old friends from high school who live in the area and told us they eat at A Mano at least once a week.

When we were seated, the waiter immediately came over to offer us water and uncork our (very large) bottle of red. He even asked us how we knew the couple I just mentioned- such a cute neighborhood vibe! He told us all about their opening back in January 2016 and the background of the restaurant.

Shortly there after, we were served with house-made focaccia bread and olive-oil butter. I could've eaten just that and been happy! Their menu is split into three courses, so for starters we had the lime-roasted cauliflower and spicy lentil sausage. Both were impeccably flavored and cooked to perfection.

Next, we split the squid ink pasta and braised shank with polenta for dinner. The pasta was creamy but light- with olive oil, garlic, seafood and lemon. I basically could've bathed in the sauce. I kept "calling it quits" but quickly found myself with an empty plate. The shank literally fell off the bone and the polenta was as smooth as butter. We couldn't have been happier with our choices!

The waiter did present us with some dessert options as well, which aren't on the menu but I guess have been recently added due to customer requests. We were way too full for dessert, but won't let that stop us next time.

A Mano is absolutely fantastic! It's a magical combination of neighborhood vibe with exquisite thoughtfully crafted food. I plan on coming back many times over and recommend you do the same!
Cannot understand these positive reviews. We had a reservation last night but upon arrival the only table available was outside facing a gas station. Only one bathroom which was occupied during our entire 45 minutes at this place. Gross. $9 cauliflower app was served cold and flavorless. $24 "meat and cheese" board included 1  tasteless soft cheese. Mostly crappy cheap vegetables. Probably the greatest insult was $30 for about 15 chewy gnocchi. Hysterically bad and grossly overpriced.  Truly the worst dining experience I've ever had in Philly.
Very much recommended. 

We did the tasting menu, which was more than we could have expected, and honestly, the best quality food for the best price that we have experienced in Philadelphia. For $65 each, we were served 3 appetizers, 3 pasta dishes, 2 of the main courses paired with 3 sides, and then, 3 desserts. If you're contemplating this, definitely come hungry. It was a lot of food, but exactly what a tasting menu should be..a variety of the chef's dishes. 

We sampled the heirloom tomato and melon salad, the cauliflower and the pork belly as our appetizers, the pork belly being our favorite..melts in your mouth!  The pasta dishes were the cavatelli, the mazzulla, and the lumachelle. The best was the cauliflower mezzaluna, amazing and delicious!!!

For the mains we had a braised pork shank, and the branzino. The branzino while good was on a bed of kale which gave it an odd taste.. The pork shank was preferred, and fell off the bone. Super tender, coming with its own side of polenta as well.  They also gave us additional sides with the mains. I loved the asparagus though the boyfriend wasn't blown away by them. 

But it wasn't just the food that would bring us back. The atmosphere was warm and friendly. A great place for an intimate special occasion. The service was superb as well, even though the restaurant seemed pretty busy. 

Overall, great experience. We would go back any day!!!
A Mano is a bit far from where I live, but is absolutely worth the schlep out to Fairmount. 

I've now come twice and had the pleasure of trying a number of items from their seasonal menu - favorites include the slow-braised tripe, a masterful combination of chewy yet tender tripe and slightly al dente chickpeas in a smooth tomato sauce; the parsley cavatelli, a small dish with a large flavor profile, from the meaty and rich bone marrow-based sauce to savory beech mushrooms and escargot; and the braised pork shank, fall-off-the-bone tender meat and a creamy, deeply satisfying polenta - just a phenomenal dish. For dessert, the bomboloni, Italian doughnuts served with a rhubarb compote, might be the best doughnuts we've ever had. 

The service was also very good - the waiters and waitresses we've had have been attentive, knowledgeable about the menu, and friendly, During our first visit, when we found out A Mano was a BYOB, our waiter was kind enough to inform us that the bar across the street sold bottles of wine. The waitstaff is also very upfront about A Mano being a cash-only establishment, so that you're not left scrambling for loose change at the end of the meal.

A few caveats - the place is small and crowded and therefore can get quite loud. The restaurant has an open kitchen, so the seats next to the kitchen are very, very toasty, especially on a 90 degree summer day. With meals averaging ~$50 per person, A Mano is on the pricier side, but is worth every last delicious bite.
Wow! The food was absolutely amazing. From the warm focaccia to each delicate pasta course and the shortrib (so so so tender, highly recommend). Not one thing was off. Even the service-incredible. I heard several forks/knives hit the floor and the staff was RIGHT there to replace (like ninjas!!). Not only that, it's BYOB. Can it get any more perfect? It can, we left spending less than $100 and we were full. (Cash only though!) All in all A+++++++++
Small portions. High prices. Sparse decor. Rude servers. Took an hour to get main course that was the smallest piece of fish I've ever paid for at a restaurant. Won't go back.
Great food, very interesting. Great combinations of Mediterranean & Italian. Gave us lots of time to visit with friends before ordering.
Decided to check out A Mano after a great meal at Townsend.  A Mano did not disappoint.  Our server, Peter was on point from the minute we stepped out of the cab in the rain.  Our umbrellas were tucked away and the hostess showed us to a table. 
We started with the antipasti and octopus.  Everything on the antipasti plate were amazing (I wish we would have left with the anchovy brand details!).  The chorizo was just the right amount of heat/spice for the octopus.  
Next up..pasta.  It was a tie between the parsley cavatelli and cauliflower mezzaluna.   Both were strong competitors - cavatelli with escargot and mezzaluna with brown butter.  It doesn't get any better than this.
Oh but it does...pork shank with tallegio polenta and pickled fennel (wish there had been more).  So much pork I had to take it home.  I knew there would be an amazing dessert on the way.   I wasn't wrong.
We decided on the almond panna cotta.  One bite and I wish I had asked for my own. The panna cotta itself was lite and fluffy like a marshmallow.  All the toppings melted into the heaven in the glass.
This place makes me wish I lived closer.  Guess I'll just have to keep paying for a ride to the neighborhood in order to enjoy a great meal!
Have been here several times and the food is generally very good. Tonight I had the swordfish and specifically requested that it be cooked thru. The waitress assured me they cook it thru but not so much that it is overcooked. The very small piece of Swordfish came out looking like it was 1/2 an order and it was raw in the center. The waitress took it back and they cooked it for another few minutes. No apology and no acknowledgement of anything. This is not an inexpensive restaurant and I would expect better customer service and quality control from a place like Amano.
Went there on opening night (thanks, philly.com!). Had the best mezzaluna with cauliflower, branzino, and cod dishes.  There weren't enough dessert options, but the donuts they had were pretty tasty. Good bang for the buck and a solid byob addition to the neighborhood. It will be interesting to see how this no reservations restaurant holds up during the real opening.
I had very mixed feelings about A Mano. We decided to try it on Valentine's day, figuring (correctly) that their no reservations policy would kill them. We came earlyish at about 6 or 6:30 and the place was 3/4 empty. Then came the moment that really sums up how A Mano feels about its customers and its not pretty. My husband was parking the car and I asked for a table for two. The hostess looks at me, looks at all the empty tables and says "I'm not allowed to seat incomplete parties". So the hostess and I stood awkwardly looking at each other for 10 minutes until my husband arrived. Basically A Mano couldn't care less about its customers and they make sure you know it - from their cash only policy, to not having a phone (which would really help them with customers that just want to check on an approximate wait before they brave heading over in the cold), to the not seating incomplete parties taken to the extreme. The night I came, I called and the phone system was broken and didn't even answer with a message - it just rang and rang and rang. So with starting our meal with basically a huge "screw you" moment - the food would have had to be the best I ever tasted to make me want to patronize A Mano again. It wasn't. Mostly it was good - I did like both the crudo and the soup starters. We also had a special mushroom pasta that was outstanding. The pork shank was very tender - but a little sweet for my taste. The dessert (bombolini) was just bad - the oil they were fried in must be used for other things - because the taste was just off and the coffee filling was kind of weird. Anyway - as you can probably tell from my review - it will be a while before I swing back. This place needs a serious attitude adjustment - Philly has a lot of great food served by people who care about their customers.
Really wonderful.  You can tell from the moment you walk in that the focus of A Mano is the food.  The space is simply, but tastefully decorated.  I've lived in Fairmount for years and watched the transformation of this space with much anticipation.  Service was impeccable and the food comforting and complex without pretense.  I also love that it's BYO.  I would absolutely recommend!
Phenomenal restaurant. BYOB that was very well priced for the amount of food you received. Atmosphere is nice and the wait wasn't too long. My date and I skipped the anti pasta course and got two pasta dishes, two entrees, and a side of Brussel sprouts. The squid ink pasta and the chicken Milanese were the best of what we had. Can't wait to go back and try more.
We had the pleasure of dining at A Mano yesterday for a dinner with friends. We were honestly blown away by the quality of the food and the service! Our server greeted us warmly and explained the menu to us. We appreciated that while he let us know about the tasting menu, he did not push it on us when we decided to just order family style for the table. We really appreciated the BYO feature - they even brought out an ice bucket to keep some of our drinks cold! 

Now, on to the food. It was amazing! For starters, we tried the antipasti board, panzanella, roasted beets, and burrata with peaches. It was obvious that the restaurant prides itself on using seasonal produce - the tomatoes were ripe and juicy, the bread was crusty and delicious, and the burrata was just creamy deliciousness. All of the flavors were harmonious and blended together perfectly. The antipasti board has a nice array of meats, cheeses, and pickled vegetables, and each bite had something new to offer. The restaurant was super accommodating with certain restrictions, which we were grateful for. 

For the mains, we chose the small portions of the pasta - we tried the Lumache, the Gnocchi, and the Malfadine. Each gnocchi morsel was pillowy, accompanied perfectly by the toothsome pesto. The Lumache was the star of the show - plump elbow macaroni with fresh corn and mushrooms. Our plates were scraped clean! The pork ragu was probably our least favorite, but only because everything else was so good! 

We tried all three desserts (feeling bougie). The honey panna cotta stole the show. Lucious, creamy, with delectable summer peaches. Definitely a must order.

Come to A Mano if you're looking for a fantastic meal, warm service, and a romantic ambiance. We will definitely be back!
This new BYOB restaurant in Fairmount opened by Townsend Wentz is serving some of not only the most interesting food but combined with flawless service was for me one of the best dining experiences I have had in a long time.

The menu is small but each dish is created with the freshest ingredients available. The Gnocchi with Goat Cheese was perfection. If the Gnocchi is cooked just one second too long it can be starchy. These were amazing.
The Pork Shoulder entree with basil Polenta was slow cooked and fell off the bone. Our friends had the Bronzino and Skate and both were amazing.
The chef Michael has a deft and subtle hand with spices and pairings of ingredients.
The fingerling Potatoes and Asparagus were a delight! 

The service was flawless. Fo example, the plates are custom made so the shape while beautiful can cause a fork to slip off. My friends fork fell off the plate and as it landed on the floor the staff noticed instantly and a replacement fork was placed without noticing. Water glasses filled as soon as yours was 1/2 empty. Silverware replaced after each course. All the staff were knowledgable about all the food.

All in all just a perfect evening! The only downside is the space is a bit noisy.

I can not wait to go back!!

Michael Lehman
We ate dinner here on a warm Friday evening.  The windows were open and the truck and bus noise from the busy street corner was super loud that night.  We were all glad that we were not seated outside!  The waitstaff  was attentive, not too pushy and got our orders promptly.  I had the octopus appetizer, and it was delicious.  Pricey, but delicious.  Then I had the chicken Milanese for dinner.  That was good too, not over the top, but very good.  I would have given the restaurant 4 stars, if I felt the prices were in line with the food and portions and if the ambiance was a little better.  The various portions at our table and tables around us were on the medium to smallish side for rather upscale prices.  The food was good, no complaints.  Again, we are not sitting in the Ritz.  Hence the 3 star rating.  It's all about balance, trucks and busses clambering by really take away from the dining experience.
A Mano is one of my favorite BYOBs in Philadelphia. I have been here twice now and always recommend to friends. The pork shank, pork belly, and all of the pastas are amazing. Perfect spot for a date night or special occasion. Keep in mind that they are cash only. If you forget like I did, there is an ATM at the gas station across the street.
Dined a A Mano with my parents and in-laws for dinner on a Saturday evening and was blown away. A Mano had been on my list of to-go-to BYOBs for a while but hadn't been made a priority. After snagging a reservation at a good time, I brought my out of town parents and was expecting something good (based on the reviews) but not something great. We went through the menu as the waitress recommended, dining in three separate courses (not including dessert) and since they have small plates we were able to try nearly everything on the menu. The standouts from course one include the antipasto platter, veal tartar and tuna crudo. Honestly, every pasta in the secondi course was amazing- you can't go wrong. As for the large plates, we got a few to share after being totally stuffed from the first two but the duck was very memorable. The service, cozy atmosphere and quality of the food made A Mano a dining experience I can't wait to return to.
A hidden elegance in the Fairmount neighborhood of Philadelphia. My husband took me here for my birthday on May 4th and I could not have been happier. The service was exquisite and every single item we ordered was delectable. Ingredients were fresh, the pasta were al dente, the meats were flavorful and tender and the desserts were satisfying. The BYOB aspect just brings it to a whole new level. I absolutely cannot wait to return and celebrate another special moment or just whenever, really.
Absolutely delicious. As others have said, the no reservation policy will become problematic soon, but our party of 5 arrived on the night of the great snowstorm of early 2016 and we were seated after about 15 minutes. The service was good, the space was appealing, simply and elegantly put together, and the food itself was fabulous, just glorious. For openers a green salad with pancetta was delicious, as was roasted cauliflower; in the second course the gnocchi with boar ragu was a standout; and the cod entree was just about perfect, beautiful and delicious, bright green kale contrasting with the soft white fish floating in a red paprika-colored poaching liquid. Drawbacks? It's loud, there were only two dessert choices (doughnuts and panna cotta, and even if you're dining alone order both!), and at least for now, no credit cards or reservations. BYOB.
Came here for New Year's Eve and had a 4 course pre fix menu.  Each course was better than the next!! Memorable meal!!
Fantastic food and a great space. The service was solid considering it was their opening weekend.  The pastas we tried were great, especially the gnocchi. Great short rib and awesome branzino.    Thrilled to have a great Italian byob in the neighborhood and will be back again asap.
The second I heard that A Mano was finally accepting online reservations, I jumped at the chance and made a reservation for a Tuesday night. Unfortunately, I couldn't drink due to a medical restriction, but in some ways, I'm happy I could focus more on the food and worry less about if my bottle of wine was an appropriate pairing for the food/venue.

We started with the Roasted Cauliflower and Slow-Braised Tripe. We both decided to be adventurous and try the tripe (we left our comfort zone previously at Townsend with those heavenly sweetbreads.) Both dishes were terrific. The cauliflower had surprising touches of sweetness and heat from the raisins and chili vinaigrette respectively. Temperature-wise, it was less warm than I expected, but it was a hot night, so in some ways, it's slight chill was actually refreshing. The tripe was indeed delicious, too. Maybe not enough to turn me into a tripe-aficianado, but I definitely enjoyed it's preparation. The crispy bits of chickpea and guanciale paired with the rich tomato base was very nice.

We then ordered the potoato goat-cheese gnocchi and a special pasta dish, replacing the squid ink dish (sad we missed that) - it was a chitarra made with fresh tomatoes (actually folded into the pasta dough.) In addition to the robust tomato flavor, the pasta had crab meat, fava beans, and local corn. It was a perfect summer dish. Light, flavorful, and extremely seasonal. A terrific addition to the menu. The gnocchi was great, too - but we both agreed the chitarra was the best dish of the evening.

For our main course, we split the braised pork shank. We decided to split a main as a way to 1) cut down on final meal cost, and 2) not end up too bloated/full after the meal. This huge, honking piece of pork shank arrived on top of creamy polenta, and we practically just had to look at the shank before all of the meat fell of the bone. The meat was incredibly tender, juicy, and flavorful. The portion was huge, and the entire entree was great. The bits of pickled fennel was a nice touch, too. 

Service, as noted many times elsewhere on here, was really great. Super attentive, kind, and knowledgable.
This place is so good!! Everything from the bread (super duper soft..might I add)to the main course. The service was excellent and food was delicious.  You will not regret it!! You have to try their pork belly--the fruit on top really adds something to that dish. Fyi--its byob and cash only.
I typically like to try a place at least a few times before reviewing, but our dinner at A Mano was so phenomenal I didn't want to wait. We had high expectations, and our entire experience lived up to them. Took a bit of a chance going to a brand new restaurant with a 3.5 week old baby, but with no reservations this place is gonna get competitive, so we wanted to get in early. 

Started with the arctic char crudo and slow-cooked tripe, both were great. The crudo was especially delicious - both were on the small side (appropriately priced for the amount of food). Next we shared three pastas - the squid ink, amatriciana, and gnocchi. The squid ink was amazing, really interesting flavors, unique dish. The amatriciana was also pretty incredible, with a sort of smoky richness. The ragu gnocchi was also really good, but the other two were the standouts. The pastas are also on the small side, but so rich in flavor it made sense.

We shared the pork shank entree - this was unreal. When it came to the table, it fell apart with a tap of the fork, leaving us wondering how they got it to the table intact. The polenta and fennel slaw underneath were both wonderful and paired beautifully with the pork making the whole dish a highlight. This dish was the bulkiest part of the meal, and was substantial enough to fill all three of us. 

Overall a really satisfying dinner, and with relatively little publicity and no visible sign (that I saw) it was already packed on a Wednesday night.. this one's gonna be a hit.
Would hold off until they work out the kinks. Not a great experience. No reservations accepted  - which is fine, until they offer a 30 minute estimate and still no table 50 minutes later (for two of us). Finally just left after we watched 2 tables seated in front of us - told they were there first, not sure about that. No help at all for the poor hostess (deer in the headlights look) as not once did a manager or senior server approach us to sympathize.  Waiting for a permit to allow outside seating so couldn't even have a glass of wine while we cooled our heels. Go to the city ALOT and have worked in the industry, all in all a pretty poor experience which left a bad taste in my mouth. I'll have to read some really good reviews before I give it another shot. Only giving 2 stars because the menu looks good. Never underestimate the impact of a first impression.
I have been wanting to try A Mano for awhile now and finally did. When I first walked in the restaurant was packed and buzzing with excitement. I entered the front door and was greeted. I said that I had a reservation at 8pm and gave my name. I thought it was a bit odd that the first thing I was told was that they did not have a phone number for me, so they were not able to confirm my reservation, even though I made the reservation through Resy, which has my phone number and email address. We were seated along the wall, which was a bit close to the tables on either side of us. Definitely not 6 ft apart (not sure if that is still a thing?), but we were fine with it. 

I loved the atmosphere of the restaurant: warm, intimate, and energetic. 

We decided to go with 2 appetizers: the beets and the burrata with prosciutto. They were both extremely flavorful and delicious! The freshness and flavor of the beets paired with sour cherries was amazing. The burrata was creamy and also so good. You could tell the prosciutto was high quality. I don't always love prosciutto, but I loved this! The pesto was also delicious. I did think the beans were a little raw for my liking. Anyway, at this point of the meal I was sure I would leave a 5 star review. 

I overheard our server telling the table next to us that many of the ingredients come from a farm in New Jersey. I'm an advocate for sustainable food and for eating local, so this is a plus in my book.

I was originally thinking, after the 2 appetizers we would be fine with the smaller portion of pasta and the trout. Try a bit of everything! Our server was pretty persistent in suggesting that we should order the large portion of pasta. I completely understand that servers want to upsell meals, but he was definitely too persistent for my liking and made me feel uncomfortable. After I said we were going to share everything and we would go with the smaller portion, he then asked me what I would like for my entree. I thought it was clear that we were just planning to share everything we ordered. Despite that, I did decide to go with the larger serving of the Lumache pasta. However, I was pretty disappointed. For $30, I was definitely expecting high quality pasta. I thought the flavor of the sauce was very good. It had corn and mushrooms which I thought were very sparse. For that price I would have thought it would have been homemade, however I'm sure that it was not. 

Finally, when we finished our pasta our server came back and asked if we would like dessert. However, we did not receive the trout yet. After apologizing they brought it out soon after. I thought the sauce was absolutely delicious. The fish was was a bit bland but in combination with the sauce it was very good. The vegetables I think were not cooked enough and seemed almost raw. 

When our server returned at the end of our meal he asked if we would like dessert. We declined but he proceeded to tell us the desserts anyway. I admit they sounded delicious, but we were full at that point and decided not to indulge. 

Based on other reviews it looks like most people received focaccia, which appeared to be delicious, however we did not receive any. 

I really wanted to give A Mano 5 stars, but overall I was left feeling disappointed.
My first time dining with A Mano was on Valentine's Day so I'm not sure if they have regular menus but for Valentine's Day, it was a set menu for the night. A total of 5 dishes. 

The first three dishes were on the smaller portion but I really enjoyed Taleggio Arancini, Veal, and the Chocolate Budino. Taleggio had a nice crisp shell on the outer layer and inside was filled with cheese and risotto? I could be wrong but it was delicious none the less. Veal was a little too rare for me but the flavor was delicious. And the best part was the grand finale - Chocolate Budino which was topped with peppercorn meringue! So delicious. 

The other two dishes - octopus and paccheri wasn't so memorable. Octopus was more on the tart side. Overall, service was great. Staff was friendly and welcoming. Would definitely come back for the Teleggio and Chocolate Budino.
This was a wonderful meal. All the dishes, the two pasta dishes, the Branzino and the pork shoulder were each so flavorful and delicious. It was a long wait, but we felt so well treated by all the staff. Highest marks.
Solid food. The pork belly and the warm ricotta cake were standouts. Skate, chicken Milanese were well executed as was the pasta courses. 
Service however was kinda weird and scattered. 4 different people taking orders, dropping food off and getting , giving me the bill. 
And it was freezing out. For $180 for 2 people, splurge for a rented heater or two. Great neighborhood spot though, we'll be back (with sweaters)
The hype is real on this place. I have lived in the neighborhood longer than this place has been open and never been. I think the price (and it used to be cash only) deterred me a bit. I finally went last night. I forgot it was prix fixe and 3 courses were 48 and 4 courses were 68. The 3 course included the antipasti, a larger portion of the primi, and dolci (dessert). The four course added the secondi which had some great options such as cioppino, pork shank, and bronzino to name a few. 

We ordered the 4 courses and added a special as an appetizer, the grilled octopus. I had the burrata as an app, the bolognese as the primi, branzino for the secondi, and tiramisu as the dolci. By the time the branzino came out, I could barely eat anything, I was stuffed. So we boxed up the secondi and dolci. 

I generally feel that not every experience can be perfect, and certainly tried to keep an open mind for this place. But everything knocked my socks off from beginning to end. My faves were the grilled octopus and the bolognese. The bolognese was a surprise because I'm not really into that but it was the best option for me in that category. It was spicy, fully of meat and ricotta and was just to die for. Gawd, if I could afford it, I would go back ASAP haha. 

Service was great and being a BYOB helps you to keep your dining bill down. And they accept cards now! Such a great experience.
We came here on a Saturday night and was able to get a table outside without a wait. The service was great and the food was even better. We ordered the potato gnocchi which were really flavorful and not too filling so you definitely try more items on the menu. Next up we tried the braised pork shank - it was beyond flavorful and cooked to perfection. The meat fell off the bone at the lightest touch! I highly recommend the pork - you won't regret it. Also don't forget this place is BYOB!
Antipasto board was great, octopus was outstanding. No real pictures as we scarfed those down. 3 out of 4 of us got their seafood stew and 1 the fish. We all loved the main course. I ate every last bit of the stew and the broth.

Why not 5 stars? Cash only, a bit pricey, louder than normal. BYOB and good waitstaff help offset that. Go for the food, bring a couple of Benjamin's, it's worth trying.
I ordered the 4-course option. My choices were:
Liver Mousse, Malafaldine Bolognese, Pork Shank, and Tiramisu.

I found the level of execution to range from excellent (Liver Mousse) to disappointing (Pork Shank and Tiramisu). 

The mousse was smooth, and nicely balanced with sweet, chewy accoutrements. Quite high level of attention to this plate's composition.

The mafaldine was a good plate of pasta. And was generous in portion. The pasta was of nice chewiness, thickness, and body. The Bolognese tasted like any other Bolognese. It "did what it does well."

The final two courses were no-go's. The pork shank is just a big piece of overcooked pork. It's not clear what the chef's intention was for the dish. Not only was it unwieldy on the plate, it was not evenly cooked. And many parts were tough and dry.

The tiramisu has some sort of maple flavoring that I believe made it too sweet for this dessert. The cocoa dusting was too heavy-handed. 

Overall this spot is fine. There's a cool vibe. And the portions are generous. But the execution and compositional design left a lot to desire.
Our first meal at A Mano did not disappoint! We went with the 3-course option (2 antipasti, 2 pasta dishes, 2 dolci) and each choice was delicious. Our favorite was the Porcini Lumachelle.

As other reviewers mention, service was rather slow. Staff were diligently tending to tables but the food itself was delayed. There are only 2-3 chefs in the (open) kitchen, but we honestly didn't mind. In a world where most restaurants enforce time limits on their tables and shuffle guests in and out, we actually enjoyed the extra time to enjoy our BYO bottle of wine and atmosphere. Slow food is good food -- bring an extra bottle of wine and make A Mano your main event for the evening.
Best Italian place I have ever had.  Staff is amazing and so friendly.  Don't let the money symbols deter you it is very reasonably priced, especially with the BYOB.  Definitely a relaxing environment that you want to take time and enjoy.  The appetizer was absolutely delicious.  The two pastas we chose were fresh and authentic.  To finish it off the braised pork was to die for.  A must dine in the Fairmount area.
Great food. Food arrived in a timely manner but.....Apathetic service. We asked if we could eat at outdoor table. Looked like they were no longer setting outside tables but hostess said " the gas station gets armed robberies " so you can eat outside at your own risk. Weird. Seated inside next to  Kitchen and despite the service team walking by many times I had to flag down a server. Who didn't seem to want to be bothered. When I asked about specials he curtly said " nope , everything is there in black and white on the menu.  In sum the wait staff acted like they were anxious to be done for the evening and paid more attention to setting the tables than the customers.
I chose A Mano for my birthday dinner last night and am extremely glad I did.  At the outset, a logistical note - 

I had originally wanted to try Will BYOB for my birthday, but they were not willing to allow any flexibility on their strict cancellation policy ($25pp if the res is cancelled on less than 48 hours' notice), even given the nasty winter storm predicted for yesterday.  For that reason, I decided it was better to be safe than sorry and changed my plans to A Mano just in case I could not make it into the city due to the snow.  In contrast to Will BYOB, A Mano called me yesterday afternoon to confirm that I could still make it in despite the weather, and they cheerily volunteered that I could come in "any time" because they were not expecting to be very busy.  I asked if we could bump our reservation time up by a whole hour and they assured me that would be no problem. 
 
When we arrived at 7 p.m., we were immediately offered (and accepted) a table for two near the window, but the host also made clear that we could opt for different seating if we so desired.  Our server opened and poured our bottle of wine right away as she explained the "Abbondanza" menu.  We decided to go for it and made a special request for the braised pork shank.

The chef served us the following dishes: tuna crudo, pork belly, cauliflower; squid ink pasta, tomato gnocchi, pappardelle guanciale; braised pork shank and cod; and a brownie/ice cream combo plus warm cream-filled donuts.  My boyfriend accurately summed up the entire meal with his comment that not a single thing we ate was less than excellent--not just "okay" or even "good," but excellent.  Neither of us are normally huge fans of dessert, but we licked even those plates clean (and that was after eating every bite of every other dish plus focaccia spread with a tasty, salty butter).  The restaurant placed a single candle in the brownie to honor my birthday, which is exactly the right amount of acknowledgment in my book (no need for songs or dances!).

The only small downside of A Mano is that it is cash only--but it is absolutely worth a stop by the ATM.  On a final note, the restaurant filled up more than we'd expected given the weather.  I imagine Will BYOB also probably weathered the storm just fine, but A Mano left a far more favorable impression with its friendliness and flexibility in helping me celebrate my birthday on a day I worried that Mother Nature might prevent me from doing so.
Any trip to A Mano starts out with a trip to the ATM. They are a cash only establishment, which is a disgrace in 2017. They are saving a few dollars by screwing over the customers, which is not a good idea in the competitive customer-centric restaurant business. I'm not happy about missing out on the double restaurant points I get on my credit card.

Luckily for A Mano, most of the frustration of having to stop for cash melts away as soon as I taste the delicious warm bread with soft butter that is served first. It's one of those little things that so many restaurants get wrong. For my appetizer I was lucky enough to get a complimentary roasted cauliflower dish, along with the pasta dish I ordered. I'm not a fan of cauliflower, but this dish seemed to do as much with it as possible. My pasta dish was a uniquely flavorful dish. It was round pieces of pasta with stuff on top of it and the flavors mixed together perfectly. I apologize for not being able to remember more details of what was in the dish. But I do remember the wonderful taste! My entree was a basic Chicken Milanese dish, that tasted so much better than the basic chicken Milanese dish you can get at any Italian restaurant. The chicken was perfectly cooked and seasoned, so much so that it required very little sauce. It came with tasty roasted potatoes. I also was able to taste the pork shank dish. The pork was falling off the bone and melted in your mouth. It came with possibly the best polenta I've ever tasted.

Combine the food with the  excellent service I received and A Mano is close to being a 5 star restaurant. It's such a shame they don't accept credit cards.
I'm in complete agreement with many of the 5-star reviews below. Simple decor with a major focus on the quality of the food. A Mano hits the nail on the head. So glad for Fairmount!

A few reviewers below complained of small portion sizes - they may be confused about the style of the menu. Portions were just right and each bite was better than the last. Fresh bread & olive oil butter, sausage & lentils, bright pesto gnocchi, tender lamb, sweet doughnuts & chocolate - beginning to end this meal was a pure delight to the senses.

Service was friendly and attentive. Arriving early was our key to not waiting for a table. Can't recommend A Mano highly enough and can't wait to go back.
We were able to make reservations for New Years Eve which was such a nice treat since most big events in the city were cancelled.  The staff was very welcoming and seated us about 10 minutes after our reservation time (not bad considering it was very busy!) 

Our order was taken quickly and the server took care of our wine (no corking fee...bonus!)

Our four course meal was up charged to $85pp because of the holiday. It took a while to get each course, however I believe it was because the restaurant was rather busy. 

The burrata was good, not great. It had a caprese style to it, so maybe my personal preference but I didn't love. The gnocci was good, not great. A little too oily for my preference. My third course was another pasta option which was good but not bursting with flavor.

When it came time for dessert, it had been over two hours since we started to eat so we decided to take it home. I got the lemon blueberry oil cake and it was delicious!  

Overall our experience was good not great. I think the $85pp up charge was a bit of a turnoff, however it was NYE so that is to be expected. The food wasn't amazing but it was still good! Our servers and staff were all wonderful and the ambiance of the restaurant was very cute! 

Would I go back? Maybe! Just not for an $85 pre fixe meal.
It's definitely more on the higher end side and is pricer. However, I had some really good food here and would love to be back more often but tend to miss it like when I wanted to eat on a Monday and they were not open. Highly recommend dining here.
