Abner was one of the last cheesesteaks on my weekend extravaganza, tearing through sandwich after meaty sandwich.
Was it a good sendoff? It wasn't awful.

I guess that says something, it wasn't awful.  After all the greasy, cheesy, oniony sandwiches, I still enjoyed this super cheesy endcap.

The sandwich was slightly smaller in flavor than the rest, very straight forward and more along the lines of say... Genos.
This felt more like the place you'd find college kids going wild for.

Overall a good cheesesteak, which is hard to really disappoint me, because I'm fat and love everything (not to say I don't have high standards, but in the cheesesteak war, I'm more accepting and appreciative of the different little nuances that this simple sandwich can possess) but this wasn't the best of the trip. 

I'd say you should stop in and try one, the same as I've said about most, because I really did appreciate this one and if I remember right, their mushroom steak wit was pretty tasty to say the least.
Sketchy tables, unfriendly staff, poor quality-tasting meat and underwhemling bread. All that made for a below average cheesesteak. And yes, I got it with the whiz. The only things Abner has going for it is that it's pretty much the only cheesesteak restaurant in University City and it gives some deals if the local university sport teams do super well.

Too bad there's a smattering of food trucks that do cheesesteaks just as well, if not better than Abner's. Be nice to your stomach, find a different place to fix that hunger.
Stopped in here to relive some old college days, and while the shop is mostly still looking the same, the cheesesteaks, however, seem a bit off. The guy cooking didn't even ask me about salt, pepper or ketchup, and the taste was definitely missing, not as flavorful as before. You can ask for jalapenos and pickles separately (still put away due to the covid19 problem).  Still, great bread and a hope that they'll do better in the future will have me back here eventually.
I have to say, I've eaten at a lot of cheesesteak places in Philadelphia, and I have to say Abners is still probably my favorite.  Yes, it's not like the messy, slobbering at Pat and Ginos, and not the same as the crowd on South Street, but here is definitely something close to my stomach.

Always plenty of meat, extra mushrooms, and pickles in the center to pile on - and space to sit, relax with people inside, and watch the local games as you slog down a beer and as Mabel C said - it's greasy, but in the best way possible for a cheesesteak!
They used to be one of the best cheesestake places in the area. The place has changed. I first visited 6 yrs ago. Their cheesestakes got smaller since (since when a full cheesesteak not enough for a 140lb male?) and have nothing that differentiates them from food trucks outside anymore. I'd rather pay more and eat a premium cheesestake (they used to be known for this before). Also. bad customer services but I'm not necessarily concerned about that but the quality of their food has become like that of any other cheap place in the area.
I'm not sure if Cheesesteaks get better than this. We have been all over Philly for the perfect steak and nothing compares to Abner's. We first experienced them while living at the Ronald McDonald House. There were times while living in NYC when I thought about making the 2 hour drive to Philly just to visit Abner's. Luckily we live in Philly now and can visit whenever we want. Seriously, hands down one of the best places we have been to during our time in Philly. Kind staff, great food and great prices.
Look, in a City full of cheesteaks for the most part pretty terrible ones, Abners doesn't really rise head and shoulders above the competition. Now just because I can't deal with cheesteaks much anymore, doesn't mean I'm pilling on the hate for Abners. Infact it's an sentimental fave of mine. It was one of my very first taste of Philadelphia. Late at night, drunk, above the defunct club wizards. It is what it was and still remains, just another steak shop. But it was the first, no you never forget your first.
I have a rule. I don't insult places with a "one" any more. But this is a Supreme Food Court decision. Please, please, please take this place back to the way it used to be. 

I can remember when my friend David Balinsky from U of P Facilities took me here in 1984. I was a veggie and I was really afraid, but they made the most fabulous veggie steak I ever had, and I've NEVER had another as good--anywhere.

LAter when I diverged, had the steak, and it was everything everyone said it was.

Now--just a relic of the former. It could be so much more, but they would need U of P's help and police to clean up the tramps. I also saw the biggest rat-the size of a cat at the 7-11. Nasty. It will take ALL the tenants to chip in too. But with so much potential, this block could be dynamite again.
Probably the best steak in Univ. City.  My experiences have varied, though.  Sometimes the roll is fresh, the meat is tender, the onions are fully cooked, and the cheese is plentiful.  Other times the meat is overcooked, the cheese is sparse, the roll is hard, and the onions are half-raw.  

It's cheap and good eats for the area.  If you go to Penn you've prob. been there a few times.  They also deliver to Drexel.
Came here on a Thursday night, maybe around 7 oclock- the place was relatively empty at this time. I was determined to eat a philly cheesesteak, but actually there aren't many highly rated cheesesteak places around the upenn area- most are kind of a ways away, and this place seemed like the only spot which is especially for that kind of stuff.

This place is very basic- there is actually a ton of seating inside, but it's not hip or trendy or anything, so the decoration is pretty much non existent. This isn't a bad thing however, since so much of the upenn food options are way too trendy. 

I got a philly cheesesteak with onions and mushrooms. The cost was about $9-10, which I thought was really reasonable, given the size of the order. I waited for them to cook it, and it took probably less than five minutes. There is also a TV here, and they were showing NCAA basketball while I was there. The cheesesteak is really hot, and tastes pretty good. I think I've had cheesesteaks that have tasted better, but overall this one tasted just fine, and the value was really good. They also serve free jalapenos at the counter, but I didn't eat any. Would definitely come back.
Great service and criss cut fries.  I just thought the cheesesteak sandwich itself was bland, average at best.  This barely beats Subway.
Let's just say do not come here when you are starving!! I went here today for dinner I didn't eat anything since an early breakfast at 9:00 and the time was around 6:00 when I ordered a cheese steak and cajun fries. Firstly I don't know where they purchased the bread but it couldn't been from Philly!! The meat I would say was flavorful but the sandwhich in itself was dry it just didn't taste like an authentic Philly cheese steak oh and the fries was not seasoned and they needed to be cooked longer, they were soggy! Long story short this is a place I would go to if I had no other options in the city of Philadelphia
We had 4 cheesesteaks, 2 fries (1 w cheese and gravy), 1 chicken quesadilla and 4 drinks. The place is a Mecca of pre frozen food, from the fries to the canned gravy, to the processed sliced cheese.  They do not make anything from scratch. Maybe the eggs for breakfast. 

You have to order the cheese steaks from the grill man but then go to a different line to order everything else. It was Sunday before noon and quiet and still it was tediously exhausting. I can only imaging during a weekday lunch rush.

Abner's. With your abundance of Sysco frozen crap and annoying ordering system, you def gave me a Louima. - out!
So, Abner's is a cheesesteak place tucked convenently near Penn and Drexel in University City in west Philadelphia. So you would automatically think it's a place that caters to tourists and college kids who don't know a good cheesesteak from something they get at some south philly tourist trap. 

But you would be wrong. Abner's offers some of the best cheesesteaks outside of roxborough. 

Their menu offers things other than cheesesteaks, but that's not going to be relevant here. If you are one of those people people who orders a salad at a cheesesteak place, shut up. This review is not for you. Go show off your sense of faux superiority elsewhere. 

A bit about cheesesteak theory: a cheesesteak is often defined by what it is not. Here, they are not greasy, they don't skimp, and they don't overcharge. 

The sandwiches at Abner's are quality. Both the meat and the roll. The meat isn't dry, and they cook each sandwich individually. And that shows up in the end product. Toppings are to order, and the final sandwich is always consistent. The rolls are soft, and they are able to contain the meat, so you don't have a sloppy experience. 

You should try Abner's. The experience is worth it.
Nothing beats a soggy, soggy cheese steak in the cold rainy philly winter. Good sandwich with onions and mushrooms here. They'll Gladly serve you as you stumble in all wet and frost bitten. Wait a minute before you take that first bite. Unlike other conveyor belt type cheese steak jawns, this place serves them up hot. I like that.
Horrible customer service. Extra charges when it came time to pay. The girl that rung us up was extremely unprofessional...no type of greeting or communication. Just slapped ketchup on my sandwich which looks horrible.  Slammed the food in the bag...no thank you...no have a good day nadda. We were the only ones in LINE. They weren't even busy. I'm not one to really review places but I had to let people know about this experience. I went with a guy who has been going to this establishment for years and he even said he is not going back. Sandwiches were not fully cut and ended up with a lot of grease because it was not drained properly. I understand there is going to be grease but come on. I want to bite into meat and cheese not a sewage sandwich. The food was not even worth the walk. I do not recommend this place...head to a street truck or another local place. PASS.
Abner's was right around the corner from my apartment my second year of college. So I ate here about once every three months. 

The steaks were good some days, not so great others. It depended a lot on who was making them. Some of the workers were sketchy, as was the manager (that interaction marked my last visit). I remember the steaks being a bit watery, ew.
Anyone who hasn't visited Abner's during their college days or after a local sporting event must not be from this planet.  

Abner's tastes best after a night of drinking but the sandwiches are full of meat and very generous with the cheese on a tasty roll. Condiments are on offer as well. 

One of the highlights is the basin in which to clean your hands after the juice runs over your fingers! 

The staff is nice considering the shadies that come into the place during late night binges.  Stop in and try a sandwich.  I don't think you will be disappointed.
This Vintage (e.g. Hasn't been updated in a while) pizza and cheesesteak place in University City is really good. I ordered my cheesesteak (yes I don't usually eat meat but decided to cheat today) and paid quickly. There is a lady whose sole job is to man the cheesesteak grill, and she asks you how you would like it (salt, pepper, type of cheese, mushrooms, onions, etc) and quickly makes it as you wait. In 3-4 minutes, I had an average-sized, sizzling hot, custom made sandwich. 

The roll is really good- legit. The meat was of good quality, and the amount of cheese, mushrooms, and onions in my steak was absolutely perfect. I've heard their fries are really good (and they smell great) but didn't try them on this visit. 

They support Penn and Drexel basketball, and if either scores 100+ points in a game, you get a free cheesesteak. 

This has the feel of a small, neighborhood hole in the wall that has been here since the 30s because of quality. The decor is dated, yes, but if you're going out for a slice or a cheesesteak, you probably aren't looking for a 5 star dining experience. 

I will definitely be back to try their pizza... And the next time that I cheat.
When I tell people that I'm temporarily living in Philadelphia, the two cheesesteak giants, Pat's and Geno (occasionally Jim's), usually get brought up. If you ask me, I can't taste the difference - enough to rank them at least. What I can tell you is that Abner's also make a solid cheesesteak. They are not widely acclaimed like the other sandwich honchos, but we don't have to only eat what the Food Network tells us, do we?
The waffle fries are a great addition to their cheese steak and the condiment bar is filled with hot peppers, hot sauce, ketchup, and fresh pickles. Yum! 

While the place looks like it's stuck in the early-90s, the uncompromisingly good (yet greasy) food more than makes up for it. 
Easily one of my top 5 Philadelphia cheese steaks. Those UCity kids are spoiled with this approachable and affordable cheese steak house.
I am no expert of Philly cheesesteaks, in fact this was my first.

But, living in Chicago and liking popular food establishments, I am an expert at a few things: long lines, lack of parking and wind. 

No one likes these things. Continually driving around looking for parking makes me more hungry, and more irritable. Add in long lines and wind, and you don't actually want to be eating with me anymore. 

So when we drove by Pat's/Geno's on a recent cold, blustery day, and saw the very long lines at both, we opted for Abner's. 

Again, I don't know the difference: but dah-ym! It was delicious. Provolone and wiz (goodbye diet) and criss-cut fries. Unbelievably good. 

Don't brave the elements. Don't look for parking. Don't wait in line. Go to Abner's!
I went there once to eat a cheese steak. The food seemed fine. A short while later, however, the place was closed for health violations!!! You won't see me going there again!!! Anybody interested in going there should think twice. Do you really want to risk your health over a meal?

Read more about it here: http://www.philly.com/philly/health/special_reports/clean-plates/20160708_Phila__eateries_shut_for_rodents__lack_of_food_safety_smarts.html?arc404=true&mobi=true

It mentions cockroaches, both dead and live ones, mouse droppings, and flies, among others... Do you really think people making such a mess have a spotless kitchen now???
This place was so desolate and depressing that I knew this wasn't going to be a good visit. The cheesesteak was so bland. Forgot my onions and mushrooms. 

The guy making the food was rude, and frankly, seemed angry that he had to deal with customers. 

Won't be back.
Me and a buddy dined at Abner's for lunch on a Saturday.  We arrived around 11:15 and the place was empty.  I'm glad we didn't view that as a reason to leave because we had a delicious meal.  The location had some off street parking which was nice and there is plenty of parking on the street in the area.  The restaurant was plenty big and we had our pick of seats.  I love dining with a partner it gives me the opportunity to taste more than one item.  We looked at the menu and chose the buffalo chicken cheesesteak and a regular cheesesteak.  We also purchased two beers, we had a good night at the American Whiskey Convention and the beer was well needed.  The chef began cooking our steaks and it's one of the set ups where you can view through the glass.  I was happy to see real chicken breast and steak hit the grill.  The steaks were done quickly and we sat down and began to dig in.  My first thought was that they looked to be on the smaller side, but once I started eating I realized it was plenty of food.  The cheesesteak was very tasty.  The meat was flavorful cooked perfectly and very tender.  The buffalo chickens cheesesteak was delicious.  It had just the right amount of heat.  The chicken was tender and juicy.  My only complaint was that my beer could have been colder.  I would add Abner's to the list of solid places to get a cheesesteak in Philly!
This is probably the closest cheesesteak place to Penn, and when I arrived on campus, several people raved that this was the place to go for authentic cheesesteaks. 

Honestly it was underwhelming. The meat didn't taste fresh, and neither did the bread. So it lacks the savory flavors that draw you to cheesesteaks. One perk is that it has a much shorter line than other cheesesteak places like Sonny's and Geno's.
The place is a bit run down as a whole but they've managed to keep it together. The bathrooms are super clean and the seating area is good. That's not to say the place can't use a renovation. The cheesesteaks are really good and they are made right in front on you. The service is great. There is parking on the side which is a huge plus. Overall, a great authentic Philly experience.
I'm always looking for cheesesteak places to add to my list of places I've been in the city. Someone on Twitter said I should try Abner's. I've always seen it but never thought to come in. 

Today I did. And I'm here to say it's decent. 

It's not great. It doesn't make my top 10 of the city. 

The good... I liked the flavor of the meat. That stood out for some reason. The roll was ok. Not crusty enough for my taste. But not bad. 

The eh... not enough cheese. It was all at the bottom of the roll too. 

They did give my son a huge chicken finger platter with fries for $7.95. Can't complain there. And he didn't. 

It's a good enough place. But I won't be driving in from Delco for it. If you live in this area it will do nicely.
Great place to have a good cheesesteak and a beer almost at any time!!

Even a nice place to watch some sports.
These guys really suck! The manager is rude to the extreme. They had a deal that they would give out free cheesesteaks to ticket holders whenever the Penn Basketball team scored 100 points or more. They reneged when the team beat Stockton State 112-63 earlier, despite a banner prominently advertisting the promotion. The manager threw quite a rant about the whole thing.

Be very skeptical of these people.
If I could give them 0 stars I would ... Place just has gone down progressively... Tonight was the last straw I ordered delivery of 2 cheesesteaks at 7:13p on a Sunday ... Called at 8:24 was told my food left already ... Called at 9:02 STILL NO FOOD ... Manager offers a $2 discount Delivery guy comes at 9:16 and windows down with my food on the dashboard says here just take the food free ... NO WAYYYYY I won't be eating frozen cheesesteaks tonight !!! Last straw .. They have forgotten fries, sodas, even gave a chicken steak when I ordered beef !! Idk if the changes owners or what happened but the place I feel in love with is LONG GONE !!
Came here on my last day in Philly to try a cheesesteak! Just got a plain cheesesteak, no extras. It was a solid sandwich, but nothing special. Nevertheless, service was great, and it seems like it would be a great place to hang out with friends and watch a game.
Ordered spaghetti & meatballs and waffle fries for pick-up. When I arrived, I was told that it would be a 5 minute wait, which was fine. The manager packed all my things up and placed it in a large brown paper bag. The container that held the spaghetti & meatballs was not closed properly and spilled inside the bag, ruining my waffle fries completely. It leaked all over my car and got on my floors of my apartment. I called to let them know what had happened and was told that I could pick up a new order but I would be charged for everything again. When the employee spoke to her manager about what had happened, he stated that there was no way that the container coulind have opened because he had closed it himself. Even though I received an apology, nothing was done. Pretty disappointed and frustrated with what had happened.

Update: got a refund so at least there's that
Where are these bad reviews coming from.  All of you Philly people are going to hate me after this review, but this is the second best cheesesteak I've had outside of Philly's Best in Chicago.  I lived in Philly for two years and I tried out the Cheesesteak diet, which didn't work as well as the Subway diet.  I loved this place!!! The meat was always fresh and the service was always great.  Pat's and Geno's are decent, but I would much rather have an Abner's steak with whiz any day over those.  If you are in Chicago give Philly's Best a try and let me know what you think of it.
I was in the city for business and a convenient parking spot around the "lunch hour" led me to Abner's.  Some glowing reviews on Yelp! did not hurt either.

The decor is very 1980s ish.  They have a ton of sports pictures covering the wall of the dining room.  Most of them are hanging somewhat crooked but hey, I guess you can say that adds character.  They also have a banner hanging inside the restaurant stating that when the Drexel Dragons score over 100 points, free cheesesteaks.

The place was fairly empty for noon on a Tuesday afternoon in the city. I did not take this as a sign of positivity.  To compliment the vacancy, the service was also very slow.  The woman working the grill and the cashier were not very welcoming either.

On to the food, I went cheesesteak with fried onions and mushrooms.  For me this was an average cheesesteak, nothing special.  I did enjoy the fresh pickles and banana peppers that were available from the condiments bar.

The place started to pick-up as I was finishing.  PennDot must have blown the lunch siren.  Most grabbed steaks but I saw one very unflattering looking slice of pizza come out as well.  The gentleman who had the slice was also enjoying a 40 oz Coors Light.  So maybe that balanced things out a bit.

As you can probably gather, I am in no hurry to come back and a little disappointed that I whiffed on lunch, while in the city.  There are so many great dining options.  A convenient location won out this time around.  I also remain a little perplexed by the amount of 4-5 star reviews.
Visted Abner's today. This has been our go to cheesesteak place, when in Philadelphia, for at least seven years.  When we find a restaurant we like, we are very loyal customers.  Abner's appears to be a family business, that employs cooks to make the cheesesteaks, and family members operate the cash register.   Husband and I ordered one cheesesteak and an order of fries to split.

The lady that makes the cheesesteaks took our order, in a not too friendly manner.  While she was cooking the steak sandwiches, she walked back and forth to from the grill to her purse which was sitting on the windowsill, to answer her phone a few times.  Not the most sanitary of practices, as she answered the phone with the gloves that she was using to the make the sandwich with.  She seemed a little distracted, so reminded her that i wanted fried onions, hot and sweet peppers on the sandwich.  She did not acknowledge that she heard me.  

I went to the cash register and paid a young man for the order. When the order was ready a few minutes later, I went to the counter to pick it up.  When i was about to pick up the tray with my food, there was another cheesesteak off to the side.  The young man then proceeded to ask me why I ordered two cheesesteaks and only paid for one.  I told him I only ordered one cheesesteak.  He acted like he didn't understand me and continued to accuse/argue with me about ordering two cheesesteaks and only paying for one.  Finally the surly cook told him that the second cheesesteak was for another customer who was standing nearby.  Well, I was steaming mad. I sat down for a few minutes, and then got up went over to the cashier told him that I did not appreciate being accused of trying to steal a cheesesteak, and that his behavior was rude and disrespectful.  He tried to say that he did not accuse me, but then apologized.  The surly cook assured him that he was not rude.  Needless to say, I did not enjoy my cheesesteak. 

Never again.  Now i have to find a new cheesesteak shop.
When I saw the rating this place had, I was excited to order. HOWEVER: I was told my order would arrive nearly a full hour before it did -- with no update from Abner's without my calling them directly (turns out their one person had "fifty orders"). They did nothing to compensate, which would have been fine, except the food (when it finally arrived) was much less than anticipated (a very small $10 sandwich).

Needless to say, I will be taking my service elsewhere, mainly because the delivery time was SEVERELY underestimated, and nothing was/has been done to compensate me for the extra hour I had to wait.
Maybe I'm not used to the taste of a cheese steak...

Don't judge me for this. I ain't Aretha Franklin, but I have to give RESPECT to any business that has been around for decades. That being said, I would have to go back a few more times to find something that will make me sing to the heavens. From what I read from the internet (I solemnly believe everything I read) this place does a bang up job with a philly cheese (hands down) of course I had to find out if the stories were true so off we went. 

The staff is great, they are wonderful, fun, and generous. The building has a charm to it that includes wooden benches, and pictures along the back wall boasting the history through black and whites.. I honestly had the most fun ordering my food, as I didn't realize cheese wiz may be the secret ingredient.

Taking the first bite, I imagined something more moist and flavorful. The beef was literally just that, it didn't have too much flavor so I added salt and pepper.. then pickles...banana pepper... hot peppers, and finally ranch and ketchup. *still no judging!* 

I know (in my heart of hearts) this is a really great sandwich, personally I can't get down with dry beef ;) 

However, you don't have years and years of clientele that are exactly alike, and still manage to remain consistent with what you serve. People change, but here the products do not and that in itself is amazing. Abner's leaves me feeling like there is something for everyone! 

What more is there to truly ask for in the city of Brotherly Love...
I have not eaten here in some time, but even now I remember how bad this place was.

While visiting Philadelphia with my family, I asked a passer-by where I could get a good authentic Philly Cheesesteak and he kindly pointed me in the direction of Abner's (telling me it was the best place in town).  Well, I apparently asked the only other tourist in a 5 block radius or had some local playing a cruel joke on me because Abner's was anything but good.

The beef was flavorless and rubbery (I almost stole the salt and pepper shaker to take with me), the cheese only exacerbated the problem, and the bread roll was terrible.  I could have microwaved a piece of beef jerky, thrown it between 2 pieces of Wonder bread, squirted some cheese whiz on it and still made a more appetizing sandwich.

If this is best place to pick up the city's signature food, I'm surprised there has not been a mass exodus out of Philly in search of sustenance.
Been once so far.  Super solid cheesesteaks.  LOTS of well seasoned meat, cheese, and onions, cooked perfectly.  A do it yourself fixings bar, plenty of seating (though I didn't care for the decorating), and sports on a big TV.

I definitely prefer it over Pat's or Geno's.  In fact, out of the cheesesteaks I've had in Philly so far, this one is my favorite.

Did I mention that the people who work there are actually nice?  I was beginning to think cheesesteaks were only made by jerks, but these guys proved me wrong... Thanks Abner's.
I'll come here after a long drive from NY to Grab a bite for dinner. Some days i crave a cheesesteak, somedaysI crave two. 

Their portions are very generous. The cook looks at me like "why are you looking at me cook". He does an amazing job though. I love it. Other than the cheesesteaks, Ive had their chicken tenders and fries and those werent great at all. They were deep fried in old oil and made me feel like a chicken nugget after.
In the cheese steak debates of the 215, leave Abner's out. While this place, and their penchant for UPenn/Drexel mens & womens' basketball has kept it relevant, it's about the last place you want to get your grease.

I've always found their service to be mirrored after Pat's/Geno's, and yet there ISN'T a line likely to be behind you, so the rudeness is purely for aesthetics. Equally, the food is easily forgettable - provided you don't have a bad experience. The ambiance is crappy '80s Philly sports memorabilia,  blaring TVs with ESPN, and slippery floors and tables. 

I'd order off of a truck any day before wasting my time or cash here.
First time in Philadelphia and Abners was the closest cheesesteak place within walking distance. 
Being my first experience having a Philly cheesesteak it was great. 7.50 for a plain cheesesteak with onions and your choice of cheese. I think it's additional 70 cents for tomato, lettuce and sauce. I opted for provolone cheese and it was delicious. The bread was nice and soft and the steak itself was juicy and flavorful. Their condiment table also includes a bunch of free stuff like pickles and peppers so that was a nice bonus
The staff was courteous so overall I had a good experience. I would have gotten another one to go but that day it was raining like crazy so no sense waking back with drenched food. If I'm ever in the area I would gladly go again.
A local friend of mine took us here for our first stop and I was more than pleased with the service, the casual but efficient feel, the quality of the chicken cheesesteaks (I've only had regular cheesesteaks before) and most of all, the availability of beer (and porter at that). Next time I'll try their regular cheesesteak.
I went to this place to have a cheese steak while I visited upenn campus. The food here was great! I also had onion rings and it was just okay.
I loved Abners when I was a college student in Philadelphia.  I liked it better than Pat and Gino's because it was much greasier.  That's how a cheesesteak should be in my opinion because it goes down the throat easier that way.  I'm normally a slow eater, but I can inhale these cheesesteaks.
Been here 3 times now. I was surprised to see so many negative reviews of Abner's. Sure, the grill master may not smile so much. Sure, the atmosphere is dated and a little grungy. But c'mon, we are talking about Philly cheesesteaks... Bread is solid, definitely not over-doughy like Tony Luke's (IMO). Meat is grilled to each order with your choice of toppings and cheese. My go-to is with grilled onions and American cheese. To date, I have yet to taste a cheesesteak as good as Dalessandro's, but hey, that's a bit of a trek and time investment. Until proven otherwise, I will gladly frequent Abner's as my late night quick spot over Jim's or Steve's any day.
I can't help but feel that inspite of it's flaws, Abner's fits perfectly with it's west Philadelphia location. It may be a little grimy and rough around the edges, but it makes up for this where it counts. They make good cheese steaks, and that's the bottom line. It really feels like a neighborhood fixture, as they have more personality in a few faded photographs than the Chilies next store no matter how much goofy stuff they put on the walls. 

Additionally, the prices won't hurt your wallet, as you can expect to pay half what you would down at Geno's or Pats. The staff is friendly and the food is good. You won't loose any weight eating here but that's why it's good. If you want to double your temptation, they have a decent beer selection and sell by the bottle or the case. 

Overall, Abner's is a fine place to hang out with some college friends and catch some highlights on ESPN, satisfy that late night cheese steak craving, or exchange your basketball tickets for a free soda to wind down the evening.
Abner's is everything a cheesesteak should be. Soft bread, tasty meat, perfectly cooked onions and gooey cheese. I have heard friends rave about other places but when I take them to Abner's, they all agree that they are good. I have been going to Abner's for over 10 years and have never been disappointed. The cheesesteaks are consistently good. I look forward to my next trip to Philly and introducing my son to Abner's.
Having just moved into my dorm, I headed over to Abner's with my dad and brother for my first cheesesteak in Philadelphia. The place was empty, and it kinda has a grimy feel about it. Our sandwiches were quickly assembled with meat that was already cooked and sitting on the flat top griddle. The self-serve condiments station had hot peppers, which was a nice touch. I ordered my cheesesteak with Provolone cheese and onions, and while it tasted fine, it was a bit on the oily and greasy side. Yeah, a cheesesteak is going to be a bit greasy, but the cheesesteak from Abner's left huge pools of oil - not very appetizing. Overall, Abner's is a decent choice for a cheesesteak fix if you are in the area, but it's not a place that I would go out of my way to get to.
I like this place better than Geno's and Pat's. The cheesesteaks and the other sandwiches are worth the ride.
Horrible service! Cashier and cook were not friendly. Both the meat and bread of my cheesesteak sandwich was cold and dry. I had Sonny's Famous Cheesesteaks yesterday and I should've taken the drive and gone today. This place doesn't  even come close!
I've heard about this place but never had the opportunity to actually try them out today I did.  One friend raves about this plCe do I had very high expectations.

Friday afternoon maybe one in the afternoon and the place was empty.  That was suspect. 

I ordered a cheesesteak fried onions with provolone  the woman at the grille was friendly and attentive.  The roll was amoroso which is popular in philly and a good roll but I prefer some of the south jersey bakeries.

The sandwich was tasty but did not have a ton of steak on it and I thought it was very similar to Genos or pats which is not a bad thing but I don't consider them high on the cheesesteak list.  The sandwich was not greasy which was great.

They have a condiment bar with pickles and peppers which was rather good. I thought the price for lettuce and tomato added was outrageous and overall for the size of the sandwich it seemed pricey

Will I go back? If I'm in the neighborhood and need a place to stop sure but I would not make it a destination, there are far better places to patronize on both sides of the bridge
Check your credit cards!

I've been visiting Abner's for 7 years - the steaks are great.

Unfortunately, when I checked my credit card statement, I noted I had been charged $16.17 for my last meal. I purchased a cheese steak with mushrooms and a 20oz fountain drink - which should total out to around ~$12.

Clearly some unscrupulous workers are tipping themselves on cards. Sad!
Excellent late night dinner, the cook does a great job, is always personable and the ambiance is good
Cheesesteak was very good - staff is friendly, great selection of beers & toppings in the seating area is a cool touch. You can load up on pickles, peppers, etc.
Will return & get another cheesesteak in addition to pizza!
Ordered cheesesteak with onions and provolene.  Added some peppers at the condiment table.  Now I just was lucky to walk in before the rush so there was no line.  From 7 minutes after I got there the line formed with likely 25 people - looked like a bus with Rutgers students.   Line moved, people ate.  Nothing fancy with the premise, Served on paper on a plastic tray.
Extremely disappointed with my first experience with abners. Ordered a buffalo burger and milkshake but received buffalo chicken strips instead. When I called to let them know of their error, they told me to contact grubhub for a refund and if i wanted my buffalo burger, I would have to pay for it again. On top of that, the milkshake was watery and unappetizing.

 I would avoid this place if i were you, especially with all of the other places you can order from close by. I won't be coming back.
The best cheesesteaks in Philly. I know that's a controversial statement, but I don't think it is even close. Chopped meat cooked perfectly with onions, peppers and provolone is my preferred version. And service is almost always friendly, a novel concept for some cheesesteak establishments.
Food-wise, it's a generic pizza/wings/sandwich place. Not amazing, but not unpalatable. Apparently, though, it costs extra to have one three-topping pizza and one one-topping pizza as opposed to two two-topping pizzas. Not to mention they take an hour and a half to deliver them, and when we called, the gal on the phone had the gall to say she didn't think it had been that long despite, you know, phones having time stamps these days. If you're hungry and in the mood for delivery, try another one of the bazillion nearby pizza/wing/sandwich places. You won't be missing anything.
This place is awful! Worst cheesesteak I have ever head. I ordered a cheesesteak and boy it was just thrown together. The cheese wasn't melted, my steak was cold and they slopped a ton of ketchup on top! Yuck yuck yuck
Abner's is right where it should be, in a collage town.

It's the kind of place that's not great, but good enough, and cheap enough. And, they have a menu fit for collage students.

I got a cheesesteak and it was what it should be. Greasy and tasty. It's no Pats or Ginos or Jimmy's, not what you think of when you think of a great Philly cheesesteak. It is, however, what you think of as a good cheesesteak in Anytown, USA.

So, if you want something quick, cheap, and good enough, check out Abner's, because it is just that.
I have been in and out of Philly for a couple of weeks now and have eaten at several different places but have not had a single cheese steak. I am ashamed of myself that it took this long. Abner's was right down the street from where I was staying so it was very convenient to get to. 

Atmosphere: It was a cheese steak place, if you are expecting Le Bec Fin you probably wouldn't want a cheese steak anyway.

Selection: Exactly what you would expect, hoagies(it hurts me to say that), cheese steaks and pizza. They also have 50 cent wings that I did not try. Also, they have beer which is a nice addition to some wings and a couple of cheese steaks.

Service: Since this is not a full service restaurant I would not usually rate the service but I am because the service was exceptional and the employees were great.

Food: I got waffle fries, which were great, a cheese steak for me and a chicken cheese steak for the wife. My cheese steak was great, it is not the sliced steak many people are accustomed to but chopped steak. I got it with cheese whiz and onions. When I got it back to my place the roll was nice and soggy with the juice from the steak. My wife enjoyed her BBQ chicken cheese steak as well, although she does not appreciated the soggy roll as much as I do.

Overall: Great place and will return if in the area.
This jawn shut down yo!
http://www.philly.com/philly/health/special_reports/clean-plates/20160708_Phila__eateries_shut_for_rodents__lack_of_food_safety_smarts.html?mobi=true
Best place to go for a Cheesesteak around UPenn!  On a quieter street near the campus, I was impressed with the the size of the sandwich (had a cheesesteak with onions and Whiz) and the meat had good flavor, and it had just the right amount of onions.  I took mine to go, and they did a very nice job of double wrapping it so it would stay hot in transport, and perhaps the best extra was that they also sell beer in singles or six packs...bonus!!  I didn't have time to dine in, but it looked as if it would be a great place for late night; lots of character and a relaxed atmosphere.  Excellent customer service, and I would definitely go back.
I dunno about any of the other reviews, but I've always had a good cheesesteak here. I remember going here when I was 15 or 16 and it was the cool thing, because we would get a beer with our cheesesteaks.
I went to Drexel and Abner's was a staple late night cheesesteak destination.  Oh man, many fond memories of seeing a show at the now defunct Chestnut Cabaret, then strolling over to Abner's.

I might give Abner's a 3.5 if I could, but I'll err on the positive side from having a great steak time and time again.

You might as well order a big side of cheesefries while you are at it.
I haven't been to Philly in a decade, and I'm staying in University City. I am extremely jetlagged so I picked whatever place to get a steak that was close. 

Abner's is definitely a divey joint, kind of dirty inside. The guys working the counter were nice, though, and cooked me and my buddy up some steaks right away. Meat was really fresh, as were the rolls. They melted the cheese well, although I'll be honest, there wasn't nearly enough cheese. Other than that, though, this place was a quality choice, especially given that I refused to take a cab ride at the time.
Been going to Philadelphia for years now and never stopped in for a cheese steak. I hear there are dozens of fantastic places and this one is pretty good. The bread has to be fresh and have the right amount of crust , taste and doughy-ness , this has it. The meat , onions , peppers and mushrooms were seasoned and in good proportions. The waffle fries were crispy and delicious. Cold Coronas went well with this lunch.   The condiment bar had large desperate pots of cherry peppers, sliced banana peppers and dill pickle chips which were serve yourself, I usually have a generous helping of each. We will try others in Philly but we will go back to Lil Abners.
I've been coming here for nearly 30 years and it's my go to place whenever I come home to visit. They always generously pile the meat on the steaks--I typically need a fork to catch the meat overflowing from the steaks. The steaks and hoagies are delicious and I've been addicted to their cheese waffle fries since I was a child. I now bring my own children there and we are always warmly greeted by the staff (Helen is my personal favorite and has been for YEARS).
I was really craving a burger one day and decided to give Abner's a go based on the availability of their "Spicy Burger" with jalapenos and cheese whiz, which sounded delicious.  I called the order in and was able to add bleu cheese, which I expected to be amazing.  When I got there the staff was really friendly and asked if I wanted onions, which I said yes.  When I got back to work to eat my burger they did not include the onions and there were very few jalapenos.  Instead of adding bleu cheese crumbles like I hoped for, they just poured bleu cheese dressing.  The burger was kind of small.  I still enjoyed it but it wasn't anywhere near as delicious or filling as I was hoping for.  I would be willing to give Abner's another try but I wasn't terribly impressed by this burger.
Still delicious! I love this place the cheesesteaks are bomb I didn't show it cuz I'm greedy and ate it all lol but here's one to tempt you to visit this dope spot , easy parking friendly and great service will return
I have had the opportunity to travel to different parts of Philadelphia about 7 times so far in the past 2 years and each time I have asked the local guys I'm working with where is the best cheesesteak, and then I go there. This is the best one I've had yet! The steak is ground very fine, and the onions, peppers and mushrooms are chopped fine to coarse which creates a great texture. They offer mayo on the roll, and three types of cheese; provolone, American, and wiz. I went early on a weekday so it wasn't crowded. The staff were very friendly, and courteous. They have a fixins bar with peperoncinos, and what looked like cherry peppers. The dining area and bathrooms were clean and in good repair. If I have to come up with one criticism I'd say the seat cushions were a little worn, but holy smokes the sandwich made up for that. I also got the waffle fries, which I would give an 8/10. The sandwich though? 11/10. I got the steak with mushrooms and onions, with American  cheese and no mayo, fantastic flavor profile, excellent texture, adeptly prepared, can't wait to go back. This place is the genuine article.
Great spot for a quick and delicious cheesesteak before going to the Rave for a movie or anywhere else in University City.  Easy parking and great food.  But, I have to specifically note their customer service - always accommodating and friendly.
Meh cheesesteak.  Maybe I'm spoiled by my suburban sandwiches, but I have yet to find a Philly cheesesteak that can hold a candle to the likes of a Lou's or Pudges.

Maybe this is how dialects form...what is "cheesesteak" in one area may mean "dogfood" in another.  Over years and generations, these subtle nuances can grow to tremendous proportions, resulting in the birth of new languages and employment for google translator code crunchers.  Thus, years from now, people in the burbs may say, "did you give the dog his philly cheesesteak" which to out-of-towners would seem like quite a boon for the canine, when in fact said pooch got Alpo.
Fourth cheesesteak place I've tried in Philly (Geno's and Pat's included) and I have to say they are the best... greasy and filling. The fries are similar to BK fries (very crispy outer coating) but the size of steak fries. Its an interesting combination that I enjoy. They have Cheese Whiz, too (what's the deal with provolone on steaks?!) The guy that works there seems pretty cool as well.
My first Philly cheesesteak and it was pretty good! Nothing to write home about but it was still nice - stuffed with tons of meat, the bun was nicely toasted, and the guys cooking these things really do work hard, tip them please! They work fast and that's reflected in the customer service, but I'm not expecting anything more from a quick place like this. Its gritty, its good, its cheap, can't ask for much more.
There's street parking as well as a small parking lot on the side. I like that there's a seating area although the banquet seating was torn and not very appealing. You order at the front to order cheesesteak first then to the next spot to order fries and drinks. Unfortunately they do not have Coke products. The cheesesteak was pretty good   The meat was well chopped and tender with a good ratio of cheese. The fries were waffle cut. It's very convenient to Penn's campus and we saw many students in there.
It was very hard to write this review because Abner's has been good to me in the past, but this story must be told.

I had some late night munchies and Abner's sounded like the perfect choice. I've had their cheesesteaks before and they were pretty good. They delivered it quickly and I was excited. I break the sandwich in half, and as I am finishing the first half I feel something a little harder than the meat. I'm thinking to myself "maybe it's a hard piece of meat" or a vegetable. Wrong. I pull the object out of my mouth and what did I see?  A FUCKING FINGERNAIL!!!!!! WTF?!? Yes, I'm sure it was as a fingernail. No, it wasn't mine. Please see the attached photo.

I immediately call and ask to speak to a manager to explain the situation, and it sounded like he didn't quite understand what I was saying. I mean after you say fingernail and nail from a finger, I'm not sure how else to describe it. He says he's going to send another meal for free and I agreed (remember, I had the munchies for a reason so not in my right mind and still hella hungry). The new sandwich was fingernail free but all I could think about and taste was fingernail, so after a few bites I just threw it all away. 

Before this, I was all about this place but A FUCKING FINGERNAIL?!? Yeaaaah nah. Never again.
Oooey, gooey, greasy and meaty.. all the elements of my perfect cheesesteak! Tourists go to pat's n genos... I'll pass on both. Lunchtime can mean a little of a wait. You'll need plenty of napkins eating here!
Customer service is attitude is horrible. I saw them served two white men and when we walked in they kept saying all orders we wanted to have are out. Then I asked are you close? They said yes. They should have said they were close as soon as we walked in instead of making us wait and asked around. Absolutely disrespectful customer service attitude.
First time in Philly so of course us tourists had to try some cheesesteaks! They were both amazing. I've never heard of a spinach and feta cheesesteak (lol) but it was great!! They even had this unique peach pear plum juice that was really good. The guys working were super nice and food was done quick. Thanks to Abner's we had a great Philly cheesesteak experience!
Mkay, I still like the sammies here, but WHY so mean?!? Omg. The cheesesteak guy would like to murder me and my family, I'm sure of it. This is the second time we've had a bad experience with him. He just seems to really hate his job
During my visit to Drexel in PA, I absolutely had to try some cheesesteak. To be mindful however, I did come on a snow storm so I originally wanted to try Tony Luke's but the weather was not ideal to travel very far. 

My boyfriend & I ordered normal cheesesteaks with onion & mushroom which costs more (i thought this was strange?), fries & soda. Now for the cheesesteak, it was actually very good & the bread was nice & soft. Meat was juicy & cheese was nicely melted. We dined inside the restaurant but it did have a spaced out layout which helped make it feel not too crowded. However it was extremely cold inside of the restaurant which my boyfriends mother didn't appreciate & I completely understood - as our food didn't stay hot for long. Fries were good but again I think due to temperatures everything got cold pretty quickly. 
I want to hold off on giving Abner's 5 stars because while I thought it was pretty good - I know there's other cheesesteak places that probably kill it. If anyone has suggestions let me know!
