Great little Tunisian resto on the border of Philadelphia's Little Italy. Mediterranean cuisine is featured with a Tunisian spin on many dishes from that region. 
   The service was very friendly, efficient; the food coming reasonable quickly when you consider some items are made from scratch.
   Give this place a try as it is interesting when you compare similar dishes from other countries you may have had.
I ordered delivery from Al Zaytouna based on the many reviews by friends who had also ordered, and enjoyed, delivery. My experience was no different. My order arrived fairly quickly and everything was intact and kept separate by a divided container. 

The pita was a bit on the tough side but I didn't really mind. I liked the thinness of it; perfect for wrapping everything up into rolled sandwiches. The chicken from my kebabs was a little bit dry, but with some hummus and veggies, it still tasted good. There was so much food that I actually had some leftovers, which I promptly tore up after a night on the town later that evening. I'll definitely hit up Al Zaytouna again for future delivery.
I ordered delivery from Al Zaytouna yesterday and went with my usual Mediterranean pick of chicken kebabs. I opted for grilled veggies instead of rice for $2 more. Unfortunately, as I have noticed in the past with orders from this restaurant, my chicken was once again super dry and actually difficult to cut with a knife. All other components of the platter were great. I'm downgrading to three stars since there are other Mediterranean spots that I like a bit more.
As someone who order takeout a lot, I often order from Al Zaytouna--and I have a very important report: 
- They make some killer appetizers, which is one of my go-tos, and best part? I always have plenty left over. Hummus, falafel X 2pieces ,foul, grape leaves X2pieces & tabouli -DELICIOUS!
- Chicken Shawarma. Perfection is NOT a myth. I checked, and you should check too to double-check, just to prove me right. 
- Mixed Kabob: Chicken, Lamb, Beef and Kofta. Treat yourself with an extra- special meal, and your tastebuds will thank you. 
- I dined in once at Al Zaytouna, and my experience was great: Cozy restaurant, friendly service, and tasty food.
- Bonus:  Delivery service is Super-fast.

Four Yelps.
Reasons I like Al Zaytouna:

It's close to my house (basically walking distance)

They deliver when I'm feeling lazy.

They are on grubhub.

Their hommous rocks.

The kebabs are delicious.

Their rice is tasty.

They give you lots of pita.

Their takeout containers are partitioned and awesome for re-use.

They have great prices.
Honestly, I'm can not understand how this little Middle Eastern restaurant has gotten such a high rating. It's mediocre at best. Perhaps my review is biased by my expectation that it would be very good based on the 4star rating, and discovering that it warrants no where near 4stars. 

Honestly the food was so forgettable that I can't recall all that we sampled. I'm just left with the distinct impression that it was nothing special.
I wish I can give this place a 4 star review because I really did like the quality of the food. however, their portions were too small for the price. The fact that there wasn't enough bread presented with the already to small appetizer did irritate me. I ordered what is equivalent to a mixed grill and they gave me 1kofta and 2 pieces of lamb. I've eaten at many Mediterranean restaurants and my common order is always a mixed grill and I don't recall ever having that small number or size of meat. 

The waiter was nice, but inattentive. I asked if they could change the music...seeing as my friend and I were the only ones at the restaurant at that time of evening, but got ignored. I would've appreciated feedback as to why the music didn't change, but completely getting ignored was unacceptable. 

It was overall, an Ok experience. Probably wouldn't go out of my way to visit again.
Every time that the boyfriend and I order from here I do the happy dance in my chair. It's the dance that I do every time I am about to, or just took a bite of delicious nom-tastic food. Which thankfully I do quite often.

So lets do this. :)

Very rarely are there take-out/delivery scenarios that trump the experience of dining in. 

In the case of ordering in from Al Zaytouna I have to say the bar is set that high. The food is unbelievable. Outstanding from the first to the last bite. 
'
It's nestled between Lorenzo's on 9th and Christian and Sabrinas Cafe- and while I haven't been there to dine in YET, I know for certain I will be. 

My favorite order there is the Chicken Kebab platter. 
If you order it, the food comes in a compartment tray and looks beautiful. People- there is LOVE in this food. You can always tell. In this case you find it in the drizzle of olive oil and dusting of spice on the hummus. And the meat is artfully placed on the rice that comes with your platter. We eat with our eyes and the folks at Al Zaytouna know it. I am thrilled that the salad is always fresh and never over dressed. That dressing is so light and a perfect compliment to the rest of the meal. 

The slight criticism that I have is about the rice is that  I have a hunch the veggies in it are from  a frozen medley b/c I have to pick out the corn and peas which I don't like in anything. That being said, the rice itself is is delicate and flavored nicely. 

Eat here. It's delicious and it will make you do the happy dance.
The service was great but the food was split between amazing and somewhat disappointing. I'd advise: 

Get: the hummus (so flavorful and better than anything you get in the store), the falafel (more seasoned and less greasy than other places I've tried) and the tabouleh (just all around flavorful)  

Skip: lentil soup (watery and too much pepper), baklava (small portion for the price)

Pluses: BYOB and not very crowded so good for groups or last minute dinner plans. Also numerous vegan options.
I ordered in delivery from here recently, having a craving for Lebanese food and a lack of willpower to get to my usual digs for such cravings.
Judging by the 4 star reviews of this place, I was expecting my Chicken kebab to be great!

The food, although reasonable in portion size, tasted DREADFUL. The rice did not seem fresh, and it was extremely evident that they used frozen vegetables in it. But the biggest issue by far was the actual chicken itself. Multiple pieces of the kebab were raw!!

I tried to find the positives in this meal, but just couldn't find anything worthwhile.
Based on the reviews thusfar, I was expecting this place to be amazing. Unfortunately, Yelp has led me astray. 

The people here were extremely friendly, but the service was a bit slow. Regardless, the food was just okay. it was pretty average and generic Middle Eastern. I think there was a vague Tunisian theme going on, which would have been great had they offered anything specifically Tunisian. The Greek salad was overwhelmingly lemony; and if I'm not mistaken, real Greek salad does not generally contain so much lettuce, and is not so stingy with the cucumber. Also, their pita bread is the thin papery kind, and is quite obviously store-bought. Fine, a lot of places don't make their own pita, but they could serve something better than that. 

I'm not sure why everyone on Yelp so far has said something like, "OMG the food here is SOOOO cheap!" It's not really that cheap. I expected the $18 combo platter to be huge, and while it looked pretty huge, there actually wasn't all that much meat on it. Certainly not $18 worth, and the quality of the food didn't make up the difference. The smallish piece of salmon was dry and flavorless, the minuscule kofta link was oddly spiced, too chewy, and strangely gamey, the 4 bite-sized chunks of kabob were average. The singular tiny lamb chop was pretty good, though. Also, the hummus was quite good as well. 

For better and more cost-effective Middle Eastern, I'll stick to Kabobeesh or Saad's, which are both closer to home, or Divan for nicer ambiance. Heck, I'll even take S&H Kabob House or any of the other places on South Street (South Street Souvlaki, or the one with the Disney's Aladdin window painting) over this place. 

I was going to give it 3 stars, but 2 is "Meh. I've experienced better." And I have. Plus, the two stars might balance out all the overwhelmingly positive reviews.
Must have been an off night for this place because other reviews are positive.  Today's August 1st, and I will remember it always because I've never thrown up this much in all my 29 years on this planet, wow.
I had poor customer service while I was there and I didn't mind too much.  People are busy, restaurant work is demanding.  However, I'm still in the throws of food poisoning from this restaurant.  I won't be eating there (or Mediterranean food for that matter) for a looooooong time.
Awesome wraps.  Lunch is great.  Get the Chicken Shawerma "Sandwich", you won't be disappointed.
Fantastic place! 

Pros: Great food. I had the chicken kebabs, which were very hot, fresh, and tender. The combination plate came with salad (with lemon dressing) and hummus. I substituted grilled vegetables for the rice. The grilled veggies were exceptional and I highly recommend to get them. Portion was decent (not large). They take credit cards, answer the phone right away, and are super friendly. Very healthy, delicious food. The hummus is made in-house and is great.

Cons: they charge extra for substituting out the rice, which I find to be annoying.

I will definitely be back!
Service is friendly and quick. Last night, we ordered a falafel platter, 2 lamb kabob platters and an appetizer hummus and it came to $47 for delivery after tax. I think this is reasonable but wouldn't consider insanely cheap as some other reviews.

Likes:
- great take out containers that separate the salad, hummus and entree- the best reusable take out container I've ever seen
- delivery comes in less time than they estimate
- whenever I eat in, I feel like they actually appreciate your business
- love the dressing on the salad
- veggies are very fresh
- nice size portions
- flavorful rice
- lots of pita with the hummus appetizer- for $5 this is probably cheaper than buying a pack of pita and container of hummus at the store

I have found that I enjoyed the food a bit more when I eat in simply because the pita is still warm and the meat just tastes fresher when it hasn't been sitting for a bit in a take out container. The lamb was just okay last night. We both thought it was a little dry/ over cooked. Falafel was good and you get about 6 falafels in the entree.

I've never seen this place packed. If you are going to Sabrina's around lunch time and there is a long wait, I would highly recommend trying Al Zaytouna.

And it is byob and they accept credit card even when you call in a delivery.
Thus far I can only rate this placed based on one delivery experience.

My roommate and I both ordered mixed kabob platters. They arrived in reasonable time and were delicious. The lamb kofta was my favorite, but the chicken, steak, rice and veggies were all delicious.

It beats a similar middle eastern place right on my very block in terms of pricing and value. I can't wait to order again and I'll definitely make it a point to dine in at the restaurant at some point.
I ordered delivery here last night even though I only live about 2 blocks away, but in my defense it's because I was ordering a whole lot.  Some guests unexpectedly came for an evening of entertainment I was entirely unprepared for, so I decided to make my life easier by ordering a bunch of Middle Eastern items to lay out for noshing.  I got hummus, baba ganoush, mishwia salad, an app order of falafel, a falafel platter, and three sandwiches: kofta, shawarma, and lamb. Total was about $60 and took about 45 minutes via Grubhub.

The best thing for me is this isn't Greek, so there isn't yogurt in everything.  They use hummus as their sauce of choice which is great for lactards like myself. The falafel was fantastic- super crunchy outside and nicely seasoned.  Hummus was good and baba ganoush was amazing.  The mishwia salad, a wildcard choice of roasted chopped peppers that I had never heard of, was also excellent and added a nice zing to our self-made falafel pitas.  The sandwiches were a little more uneven.  Lamb and shawarma were all delicious by consensus but the kofta violated some fundamental aspects of sandwich-craft.  I had to remove almost half of the pita and most of the lettuce/tomato topping, and then once rolled back up had the perfectly balanced pita sandwich.  The issue is that the kofta is a long thin tube of seasoned ground meat which didn't hold up against the volume of all the other ingredients.  However, I found the seasoning of the kofta to be quite nice- plenty of mint and cumin, and there were some tasty grilled veggies hiding in there.

I sliced the sandwiches in half and served everything on platters.  The whole spread fed 4 (admittedly not huge-eating) adults with tons of leftovers.  I would definitely order again but will steer clear of the platter/entree options as getting sandwiches with apps is a much better deal.  The size of the falafel entree was pretty skimpy for the price.
I stopped in here tonight. We had been handed a flyer by a guy on the street about a week before, letting us know they were opening. I was excited to try it, because we usually walk up to Alyans to get Middle Eastern food, or to Maoz to get falafel.

We ordered Greek salad and falafel platters. Both were excellent. The hummus was good, the falafel was perfectly cooked. Simple, flavorful and fresh. I also had their "berry juice", made in house, which was very fresh tasting, hints of different kinds of berries with a tart citrus flavor.

They have lots of indoor seating and 4 or 5 tables out front. The decor is simple, wood floors with old exposed wooden wall, unfinished ceilings, but the restaurant is clean, the bathroom was very clean, and the staff was really friendly.

This is another great spot for the 9th and Christian area, which has really become a great food spot...Lorenzo's for pizza, Sabrina's for the regular food, Monsu for Sicilian fine dining...this area is really shaping up, and Al-Zaytouna is a welcome addition. I'll definintely be going back here.
My family visited me from New York and we decided to come here on Friday night because of the great ratings. It was 6 of us, 4 adults and 2 kids. Although no-one else was dining there, it was still open. We were greeted with a horrible attitude and felt a bad vibe right away. It felt like the staff was annoyed that we were there, especially the waitress/ hostess. We decided to give it a try anyway because we understand that people have their bad days.  

Nevertheless, we sat down and ordered. I gave up asking for lemon after the second time of asking with no result. About 30 minutes later, my sister showed us that they were spraying a cleaner all over the area where the food was being prepared. She said that it had been occurring for about 20 minutes. It was being sprayed literally on top of the food. So much so that we couldn't believe our eyes and she couldn't ignore it anymore. She asked them what the bottle contained. They told us that it was clorox or windex. 

So, after getting a nasty attitude, our food being poisoned with windex and not getting what we requested, we paid for the drinks we had and went to go eat somewhere else. 

Will NEVER go there again.
My friend from LA and I were looking for some good Mediterranean food in order to commemorate our trip to Turkey two years ago. This place was definitely great! I got the chicken shawarma, and the flavoring for the chicken was great. Salad and hummus were on point as well. Good portion and good price for the food.
I've wanted to try this place, but hesitated because I am fairly new to Mediterranean cuisine.  So this review is based on poor lack of aquaintance. 

Locaed in the Italian market area, it was not for upscale dining.  But the place was clean and cozy with small open kitchen.  Interestingly, the kitchen was located right next to the entrance.  

I had Egyptian iced tea and mixed kebab (beef, chicken, lamb and kofta).  Meats were slightly overcooked and thus had tougher texture for me, but taste was on point (for my very limited exposure to kebab).  Iced tea had peppermint and chamomile flavors according to my less educated palate. 

Overall, it was very satisfying lunch, and maybe encouraged me to try more Mediterranean food.
I'm so glad this place has opened up in the neighborhood, sorely in need of tasty fresh middle eastern style food.  It's inexpensive, the food is delicious, and the service is friendly.  The baba ghanouj is the best I've had in a long time.  The finely chopped vegetable salad is delicious.  The foul is better than anything I had in Egypt.  The felafel and grape leaves were also excellent. 
It's curious that there were not more patrons, though I suppose it's a competitive neighborhood with a lot of very well established restaurants.
Give it a try.
Nice location near Italian market  Good food n service  We had a light lunch Hummus & Chicken Caesar salads  very good.  Nice atmosphere clean bathrooms.
During my visit to Philadelphia, I passed by this place and decided to give it a try and I'm glad I did!!! I got the appetizer platter and it was so freaking good!! The falafel were so delicious and way better than the standard falafel I'm used to get in here. My friends got the mixed berry juice and it was very tasty and refreshing! We got the merguez sandwich and the rib eye steak sandwich as entrees and they were AMAZING!! We had turkish coffee and baklava at the end and they were very very good !! I'm Middle Eastern and I can say with confidence that this place makes food that is equally good to what I'm used to back home. The service was excellent as well, very friendly and attentive.
Overall, food is pretty good, although not sure it's better than Aya's (probably my favorite semi-affordable Middle Eastern restaurant in Philly). Particularly like the kebabs here. One potential concern about the restaurant is whether it can survive in this location (far from the best place location-wise for Middle eastern food). I agree with others that it could be seasoned a bit more though.
Came here because we happened to be in the area and thought it was a great experience! I tried the mixed berry juice, which was fresh, sweet, and refreshing. We shared the grape leaves as an appetizer between two people and it was really flavorful. For my entree, I had the falafel deluxe sandwich which was great--it included eggplant and fries in the sandwich which I really enjoyed. It was really a deluxe--I ate the other half for lunch the next day. The service was a bit on the slower side, but overall a great experience.
Ordered for delivery through Grubhub. Food arrived on time. The delivery person was courteous and wearing a mask.

Chicken schawarma platter comes with a small salad and hummus in a comparted container so they don't mix together. Rice and chicken were a little bit dry and needs more flavor. Hummus is decent.

Baba ganoush doesn't have the signature smoky flavor, it has strong garlic flavor. It's the winning dish in my order.

Foul mudama has weird taste. I didn't enjoy it at all .

Baklava is small and the pastry isn't crispy, I don't think it's fresh
Another great dinner here. I love this place. I've ordered just about everything on the menu and have never been disappointed. I can't decide whether the chicken shawarma, lamb or chicken kabob is my fav. I also love the hummus and baba gannouj. Sometimes they aren't consistent with how much pita they give but they're always happy to give more if requested. This place is great for dining in (byob), take out or delivery.
This is my favorite place in Philly for Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food. The soup, the foul, the felafel, all the salads and the Labneh are incredible. I'm vegetarian, but my husband loves the kebabs. Everything is consistently fresh and delicious, even when ordered for delivery (which my family does a lot). Don't forget the Turkish/Arabic coffee - to die for! It's hard to get food this good outside if the Middle East. Plus, the owner is really nice and will make you feel right at home.
We ordered delivery, couldn't believe how fast it arrived and the price was great. 

Chicken plate: chicken was tender and flavorful, with a salad, hummus and veggies! Great food

Baba Ghannouj : it's an eggplants dip for those who haven't tried it, so yummy just enough spices to add flavor but not overwhelm. 

Foul Mudam Mas: a fava bean dip, creamy and good for you! Delish!

Chicken Phily cheesesteak: finally a Phily cheesesteak I can let my husband have more than a bite of! He loved this sandwich and I loved how delicious yet healthy it was.
Al-Bustan Seeds of Culture is a non-profit organization that allows the expression of different cultures to be voiced.  We reached out to Al Zaytouna and asked if they could supply food for our Neighborhood Forum at The Academy at Palumbo. Not only were they excited to help, they were incredibly generous to DONATE a huge tray of grilled chicken and rice, and a falafel and grape leaves platter!! We know that is no small task for a neighborhood restaurant, but Al Zaytouna took on the challenge and we couldn't be happier with the results. 

Our students, faculty and community member were BLOWN AWAY by their amazing food! We had over 50 participants and they all loved the food, grabbed menus and couldn't wait to go to the restaurant. WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND Al Zaytouna for their high quality Middle Eastern food and phenomenal generosity.
When I heard that a Middle Eastern restaurant was opening in my 'hood, I  got super excited. It is among my favorite cuisines. Alyans is my usual to-go place for Middle Eastern food. But I don't always like walking down there. With that said, I've actually tried my hand at making various Middle Eastern foods at home to varied results. Even when it's good, it's not quite as good as authentic.

Today seemed as good a day as any to finally try Al Zaytouna. When I walked in, I was quickly greeted by one of the partners. I said that I would be taking out instead of dining in. I opted for the Falafel deluxe sandwich which includes fresh falafel, hummus, eggplant, and french fries in a wrap.

While my sandwich was being made, I chatted up the owner for a bit. He was very pleasant; he didn't mind answering my questions at all. I inquired about the name and how business had been going so far. In the 2.5 weeks they've been open, business has been steady and growing. If these Yelp reviews are any indication, they are building a reputation as quality spot for tasty, affordable Middle Eastern food.

Which is pretty spot on. I thought the sandwich was well-made and quite generous in portion. However, there was something missing flavor-wise: tartness. I prefer to enjoy my falafel with tzatziki sauce. Something about the acidity of it that melds all the flavors together. Then again, I also like tarter hummus as well. Good thing I had a lemon. I squeezed it on the sandwich and the flavors came alive.

Of course all of that is a personal preference. They very well may have tzatziki sauce which I will have to remember to ask for next time.  

I'm giving this review 4 stars... for well-made, reasonably priced food and pleasant service. I'll be back again for sure, perhaps to try some of the kebabs and platters. In fact, the Al Zaytouna combo, the most expensive item on the menu at a very inexpensive $17.95, is probably the way to go to sample all they have to offer.
Ordered from GrubHub. Food arrived extremely fast, within 30 minutes of placing the order. Chicken kebab platter is bomb and so much food: chicken with grilled vegetables over rice, salad, hummus, and pita. Would order again for sure. Great value for how filling and nutritious the food is.
Really delicious Middle Eastern food! The hummus and falafel were delicious and all of the veggies tasted very fresh. Definitely recommend this place!
I love lebneh! This place makes it fresh as well as warm baked pita. I often get the apps, prices are good and food is fresh. Delivery does take a bit of time but to me it is worth it. I haven't had many of the meals but I can speak for all the salads, FRESH! Everything is made as you order, fresh cut spices and vegetables. For that aspect very authentic. The tea and juice is also on point. I have vast experience with middle eastern cuisine and what I have tried has always been comparable as overseas and delicious. Also, whoever is in management is kind and attentive. I had called once and he addressed my concerns. If you get that middle eastern spreads craving this place is for you.
Al Zaytouna is a great Tunisian addition to the diversity of the Italian Market area.  It is only steps away from the famed outdoor market.  Zaytouna is Arabic for olive tree and it is also the name of the great mosque of Tunis.  This restaurant and takeout represents the cuisine of this North African nation very well. 

The Foul Mudam Mas appetizer is pure awesome.  It is one of the tastiest and most delicate versions of this famous dish that I've ever eaten.  Be prepared - everyone at the table will want to tear off a bit of pita bread and taste it.

The falafel platter was extremely generous .... with both falafels and salad.  And don't miss the Tunisian Merguez sandwich.  This is a concoction you will want to add to your favorite Philly sandwiches.  The merguez sausage is excellent and is accompanied with a warm Mishwia salad and French fries.  All are placed inside the wrapped pita .... that's how they do it in Tunisia.

The service is friendly.  Now I have to go back and try Tunisia's national dish - their version of Cous Cous.
I've eaten here a few  times and have been utterly delighted with everything I have ever ordered. The salads (with their tasty lemon vinaigrette) are worth going for alone.

It's definitely my new favorite spot for Greek food in the city.
Ordered this as take out and it did not disappoint! The food was ready the second we went to pick it up and when we got home, opened the to-go box, the food looked like it was made from the kitchen and instantly put in front of us. The veggies were fresh, the rice was flavorful, the hummus was creamy, the chicken kebab was generous. This is the real deal and the full package!
A few outdoor tables and a nice inside dining area too. Went here on a Tuesday to try out some new falafel, and ordered the falafel app. You pay $5 for 6 big falafel balls accompanied by tahini sauce and you can craft some sandwiches from this if you wish! Good falafel, maybe a bit on the greasier side, but still tasty.

I will be back for that fava bean app among some other menu items! Service for dine-in is very attentive and polite. It was a little hot in there, but quite clean. "Thanks for trying us" is not something you hear very often. I liked it a lot.
The GF and I were craving some fresh Middle Eastern food so hopped on Grubhub and happened upon Al Zaytouna, which had great reviews on Yelp. When I saw a sampler of various appetizers on the menu, I knew I had to get that, in addition to two sandwiches.

Variety of Appetizers ($11.95)
Hummus, falafel, foul mudum mas, two grape leaves, tabouli.

This was exactly what we were looking for. The hummus was heavy with tahini, just how I like it. With the sesame essence coming through strong, it was nice to have that hint of spice to balance it out. FYI - this isn't a garlicky hummus and benefits from a bit of lemon. The foul mudum mas is a blend of crushed fava, lemon juice, garlic, and extra virgin olive oil. It was reminiscent of olives and was smoky. This is a watery dip compared to the hummus. Three slices of grilled pita accompanied the platter, which was appreciated.

The tabouli was fresh and minty, with a tang of tomatoes and hearty from the bulgar wheat. Two grape leaves sat atop a mixed green salad, and these grape leaves were perfectly gluttonous and a bit tangy. The pair of falafel were nice - crispy and airy. The spices were had a sweeter note than I'm used to, with cinnamon being highly prevalent. 

But on to the wraps - which were pretty big!

Chicken Schawerma ($7.95)
Thin sliced chicken, hummus, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions.

The GF went with the chicken schawerma, which was filled with dark meat, which she didn't enjoy, but of course, I had no problem with. The tahini was the glue that held everything together - fresh tomatoes, crisp cucumbers, lettuce, and red onions with a bite of bite. The pita surrounding this was nicely grilled.

Rib Eye Steak Sandwich ($9.95)
Hummus, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers red onions.

The rib eye steak was a surprise - in a good way. There's a bit more grease with this sandwich, but that's to be expected with rib eye. The steak itself was somewhat chewy, but the flavors were there. Be prepared though - there's quite a bit of spice from the roasted red chili peppers. The heat starts on the tip of the lips and works its way inside your mouth. The wrap is savory, filling, and will wake you up. 

Al Zaytouna met my expectations for good Middle Eastern / Mediterranean food. If you're looking for something that's not overly saturated in fried grease and freshly prepared,  Al Zaytouna is a good bet for take out.
Never been there but lived off their chicken kabob platter during the pandemic--I must have ordered it forty times and it was perfect each time.
The lamb and couscous bowl has flavors that thrill, portions that kill. Comes topped with a pepper, plenty of veggies and tender, and juicy lamb. Quick delivery! 

Could either be one heavy dinner or two lighters munches.
Delicious! We got hummus (came with delicious and warm pita), stuffed grape leaves, tabouli, and falafel.  All of the items tasted fresh, we'll definitely be back.
Welcome addition to Bella Vista and the neighborhood!  This place is great.  Food well priced, generous portions, flavorful and fresh.  Order the grape leaves and the hummus.  Service from the owners and the staff stood out as fantastic- very friendly and welcoming!  Forgot to ask if it's a BYO!  Will definitely return.
Came for my sister's birthday dinner and apart from one other table, we were the only group there. Naturally that raised a red flag, but that just proves you shouldn't judge a book by its cover. The ingredients seemed hand-picked, and when we asked, the owner told us that he purchases local ingredients daily, which was evident from the taste. The kitchen obviously knew what they were doing, as they perfectly showcased the fresh and delicious items. We shared grape leaves and a mix veg platter. For my entree, I had the lamb kebab platter, which came with a generous portion of yellow rice, hummus and a beautiful green salad with grilled veggies. My sister and friend got the chicken shawerma and merguez sandwiches, which were both delicious. BYOB is obviously a bonus and the owner/server was friendly and attentive. Great neighborhood spot!
I've been here a few times so obviously I've enjoyed it. I feel that the ingredients are always fresh, great BYOB spot and the staff are friendly. They can really push a special for you to try to get you out of your comfort zone and it pays off. I was excited to actually try one of the special instead of just being so plain Jane that evening. I believe they offer a very solid Middle Eastern cuisine.
Chicken kabob platter was so delicious, as was the berry juice.  The platter was perfectly portioned, containing:  tender grilled chicken, delicious veggies (red pepper, onion, and zucchini), and that tasty bed of rice was abundant.  The platter also came with a tiny fresh salad (cucumber, mixed greens, tomatoes, and red onions), thin pita, and nice helping of perfectly spiced hummus.  

The meal as a whole was very cohesive in terms of spice and was absolutely satisfying.  

My one problem with the meal was the soup.  I ordered my meal via grub hub, and Al Zaytouna does state "call for soup of the day".  I figured it would probably be lentil soup of some kind, and decided not to call.  I got some kind of broth.  So, my bad for winging it, but I was still disappointed.

Overall my meal was really solid, so I highly recommend!  Thanks, for the 411 on this spot fellow yelpers.
Fantastic food!  My boyfriend and I have ordered delivery from AL Zaytouna on numerous occasions, and we have yet to be disappointed.  Delivery is prompt, and service is great.  The ingredients are fresh, and the meals are flavorful and generous in their portion sizes (makes for great leftovers)!
This is probably my new favorite Middle Eastern place in town. The lamb kebab sandwich is fantastic. No iceberg lettuce and mealy tomatoes that taste like they were previously frozen. Everything is fresh, and some of the veggies are roasted, which really makes them pop. And a healthy portion of well-seasoned meat. If you want hot sauce, though, don't be a dummy like I was and ask for it after your sandwich arrives because it will just fall apart when you try to open it.

I'd probably give the place five stars, but the falafel wasn't very crisp. They don't have a fryer, and it looks like they just fry things in a cast iron dutch oven, so I'm sure it's hard to get the perfect temperature. They do, however, feature a falafel sandwich with french fries in it.

I'd definitely go back.
This is our go to place for its always 5 star there. The food is consistently fresh and so delicious!!!!  The service is over the top. Kobai is a most gracious host, Gianna is a delight, whole staff is so accommodating. We have had several birthday parties there. 
Being a byob keeps cost down, so our crowd loves going there. Enjoy.
Linda & Yuri
Yum, falafel and grilled meats in my 'hood? Yes please!

I was delighted to see a non-Italian place open up; we stopped in for dinner one night and had a delicious meal.  The owners/chefs (formerly of Alyans) are super friendly and will not hesitate to give you recommendations if you ask.

We settled on the Al Zaytouna combo platter for a measly 15.95, consisting of grilled salmon, kofta, kabob, chicken, lamb chops AND shish kabob, with a side of a tomato/cuke salad and rice.  The falafel platter was super crispy and not greasy, with the same sides.  The hummus was creamy and made me almost want to lick the plate clean.  We also shared a fruity berry drink concoction, I can't remember what it was called but it cold and refreshing.  Everything is authentic and would be great for a quick lunch, dinner, or takeout meal.

I made a note to definitely go back to sample the shawerma (seen through the front windows on the spit).  Next time you're at Sabrina's and don't want to wait an hour - head next door to Al Zaytouna and snack on some falafel and fruit juice.
So I found this on a whim, a total, I want something different and rarely do I get delivery.

I saw this place highly rated and gave it a try. Delivery did take what forever, about an hour. This was a bit longer than I would like. I ordered the chicken kabobs with the rice and the chicken shawarma (think that's how its spelled) with grilled vegiies and a side of the hummus. 
The kabob had very good taste, except one piece was tough, it wasn't cooked all the way, the rest of pieces were fine. The rice was good (average). The shawarma was the highlight, this was better than the kabob and the grilled veggies were very good. these dishes came with a side salad (very fresh) and side hummus. I know, I ordered a side hummus not realizing after I ordered that the entres came with hummus, Trust me this was NOT a mistake. This was some tasty hummus that I could eat more of. I'd definitely order again but I'd go in-person or pick-up as delivery was a long time.
Love this place. Have gotten delivery from here numerous times and it's always delicious. My husband and I typically order 2 shawarma platters because the chicken is so delicious and we don't want to share. Falafel is great too. The sides that come with the platter (hummus, salad, rice and pita) make for a very filling meal. Am interested in trying other menu items, but it's hard to order anything else since the shawarma is so good! I should add that we haven't had any of the delivery issues mentioned in other reviews. As I'm typing this, we ordered exactly 16 minutes ago online, and our food just showed up! Awesome place.
Come here if you want extra hair in your food.  Long, curly, thick ones! Yum!
When ordering a "large" salad that cost over $10, I really expect to get my money's worth. Considering, it's a salad! Not the case at Al Zaytouna. Unfortunately it was by far the smallest salad I've ever had delivered. The actual salad was good but it definitely needed dressing on the side. For the price I could've gotten triple the amount of food from any pizza shop in the area and paid way less. I was extremely disappointed. On a side note, they didn't even bring my iced tea I ordered. : (
Good place. The layout is a little odd, as is the dark wood wall, but I like the effort. The food is Mediterranean, but Tunisian to be exact. 
So any of my comments on 'flaws' might just be bc this is not like Greek/Lebanese/middle eastern foods I've had before

We order the 'Turkish iced tea',  but it tasted exactly like unsweetened Liptons. Maybe that's what they use in Turkey. ?!

The app platter of mixed goodies including grape leaves, humus, babaganoosh, etc was really good and came with pita. 
We also ordered French fries, which for some reason we're fantastic. Must've been fresh cut potatoes, good and salty. Actually great dipped in the humus. 
We both ordered 'wraps', a chicken shawarma and a spicy sausage pita. Tasty but very dry. The wrap parts are grilled after being wrapped, making it extra dry. Maybe that just how they roll, pun intended. But we asked for sauces- esp for the spicy one, they brought a tsaziki (cucumber) but it seemed just like sour cream, but it helped. For my chicken shawarma I used the salsa-ish thing that came with the app platter. But I suggest sauce choices being served with these sandwiches.
The prices were good, esp
With the groupon. 
Give this place a try!!
Ordered a falafel sandwich and side of hummus at 8:30 last night for delivery.  It got here within the hour and I was pleasantly surprised.  The sandwich was big and delicious.  Falafel was crunchy and warm and it was wrapped tightly and had the perfect proportion of everything.  The hummus and pita they sent was pretty good.  I threw the pita in my oven to crisp it up a little bit and added some sriracha to the hummus, but I am so pleased with my food.  I wish I didn't house the whole thing last night so that I could eat it this morning. :[
Excellent restaurant. I always enjoy my meals here. Must have the lamb kebab platter with the berry juice. The service is great and what's even better is the music that they play. They play  70's soul music and it is the best. Everything on the menu is tasty delicious and outstanding.
Great service and fantastic food. They have the best grape leaves I've had outside the Middle East.
I feel lucky to live so close to this restaurant. It has a lot of vegetarian options and the ingredients are very fresh.
Very authentic and delicious. I had the chicken shawerma  platter and my wife had the Kofta Kabob platter. The meat was  to die for. The hummus was very authentic. We had falafel for appetizers and it us the best falafel I had  in Philly. 

Ivy, the server, was wonderful. Very friendly and accommodating. 

Add the fact that they are a byob was an added bonus.
When I first moved to South Philly I tried this place and thought it was pretty good. Tried to order it tonight at 9:00 PM for a delivery through Grubhub. Estimated delivery time was 10:10. 

I wait...and wait...calling Grubhub back at 10:35 to find out what the deal is. Grubhub calls the restaurant however no one answers because they are closed even though their website says 11. On top of that Grubhub can't do anything until tomorrow morning because the restaurant marked it as "Delivered" even though there was never even a phone call from the restaurant or any explanation in terms of it being delayed. Living in a big city with tons of options there is no reason to ever give this place another shot with such crappy service, I'm out.
Nice place and excellent service. Owner and staff were super nice. The food was pretty good especially the mixed grilled meats. Tunisian couscous was very good as this the first time I try it. I tried couscous before but not Tunisian style and I really liked it. They also have an amazing berry juice.
Best Egyptian Iced Tea and Mixed Berry Juice!!! The food is fabulous and the staff is always nice. I have eaten in the restaurant and ordered delivery many times and never been disappointed. The Mixed Kabob sandwich is my latest favorite. Do yourself a favor and eat here often! This restaurant is vastly under-rated.
I have ordered from here multiple time over past couple years. I have grown increasingly frustrated. Cold food, tasteless old food, and finally today I called and placed and order for chicken salad. I asked if this can be on a bed of Greek salad.
She responded why don't you order Greek salad and add chicken. I complied. It's cost $15.00. That's about $7 more than Greek salad and $5 more than the standard chicken salad. Whatever I was willing to accept cost. I go to pick up and reconfirm Greek salad with chicken and the cashier states yes. I come home..and there was no Greek salad. Just lettuce with 3 cucumber slices, 3 cherry tomatoes and some onion. No olives no feta cheese. And they charged me twice as much. 

Never ordering from here again and advise all consumers to be weary of this place.
The food is fresh and beyond delicious. The hummus is the best I have had and the steak kabobs are killer! I'm also partial to the salad that comes with the kabobs- so simple yet so tasty. Plus they deliver!! Love Al Zaytouna!
This is so far the best middle eastern restaurant In the area. Authentic flavor, Great costumer service.
The food is good and they deliver. I usually get the chicken schwarma and it is delicious. I ordered on grubhub so they give you an eta for delivery. Al zaytouna called me to let me know their driver was stuck in traffic and they were really sorry but he was going to be 10 minutes late. I was floored that is amazing customer service. Al Zaytouna is aces in my book.
CALL THEM BEFORE YOU GET THERE. 
I found this place online and was very excited to eat there after reading all good reviews. I and my family traveled one hour to get there and when we arrived we saw closed sign on the door while in business hours (it was 4 pm) According to their website they're open 11-10 Sunday- Thursday and 11-11 on Friday-Saturday. They were closed and people were inside, they saw us knocking the door to make sure if they were really closed. They didn't even bother themselves to answer us at least to say sorry, they were closed. We left but I was kind of disappointed and called them half an hour later, no answer to the phone, called again no answer. What a unprofessional business. They need to be aware of consistency, customer service and professional and ethical business. You can't just close your door and say I'm closed in business hours. You might have an emergency of course, things happen and you can close. But you need to come to the door and give an answer to your potential customer knocking on the door instead of just sitting on the chair, and ignoring. 
I will never  go and try this business. My advise, call the place before you go if you don't want to be disappointed.
BYOB- This was our second time here. My hubby and I split the combo appetizer - a little of everything. The hummus was amazing! For dinner we split the combo meat platter with salmon, chicken, lamb and beef - Delicious! Tiramisu was on point!! The server was also friendly and attentive. I will def be going back!
I, too, have eaten here a few times and am always happy when I'm finished. the falafel deluxe is my go to sandwich and the chicken shawerma is awesome too. They have this fresh berry juice that is just so refreshing!! i have actually called to order just a pitcher of juice to keep at my house. so good!
It's been my go-to jawn for the past few months.  Whenever I want to cheat on my main boo, Dimitri's, I grab some beer or some wine (or both) and come here.  The place serves as one part take out restaurant, one part sit-in BYOB.  I've been here when it's been packed and also when we were the only ones in the place.  Either way, it seems as if the grill is always fired up and there's plenty of take-out to be had.  Service is always fast, friendly, and attentive.  They are really nice about modifying your order and I have yet to get anything I didn't enjoy.  I like this place because there is always a guarantee you can get a seat, especially if you're looking for something quick, easy, and low key.
I absolutely love this place. The best food, ambience is great,service is great,the berry juice is amazing and the plate looks so fresh it's beyond words. Also check for the great music playing 70s soul music the whole time. Tunisian food never had it before but now I'm addicted.
Delicious, inexpensive Mediterranean food. Parking is a little difficult. I ended up going with the Mergez sandwich, Cheesesteak, and the Mishwi platter, which was recommended to
me by a friend. The Mishwi platter is excellent and is a Tunisian specialty.
This place is fantasatic.  The grape leaves are some of the best I have ever had. We also had the hummus...delicious! After the fantastic hummus and grape leaves, we had the chicken schwarma sandwich and the chicken kebab. Both were absolutely delicious, full of flavor and loaded with fresh veggies. The fact that it is open in the evening is an added perk.
 I am so happy a place opened up like this in the neighborhood, the food and the hours can't be beat.
GREAT food that is always consistently fantastic. Five stars for the service, restaurant, and the food.

Try the hummus, the entrees, the juice, the salad...
Whenever we have a special occasion we celebrate it here. I just had my graduation party 2 weeks ago. The food is amazing and the atmosphere is great. The owner is of this pace is a great guy. He is very welcoming. 
Last time i was there i was on a diet so i asked the waiter to customize my platter and they get it perfect. The food is always fresh and delicious. They have the best hummus and chicken. I come all the way from delaware to have that chicken kabob platter and the delicious grilled veggies. This is a great place to dine in or take out.
One thing is for sure: the falafel may give Mama's a run for her money. We decided to check out Al Zaytouna after receiving an entincing menu in our mailbox. We opted for the falafel app (we got the sandwich instead), the hummus (which was absolutely heavenly - very heavy on the tahini, no garlic to be tasted at all), the chicken gyro sandwich and the chicken kebab salad. The dressing on the salad was refreshing and lemon-y, which I loved. We used GrubHub to order and walked a block to pick it up to check out the space. The restaurant was pretty full, both inside and outside and the owners were so nice! I can't wait to go back.
Ordered food on the phone and was told it would take no longer than 55 minutes. 90 minutes later, I'm hungry and still waiting. Not happy. More hangry.
Nice hole in the wall spot in south philly. Owner is Tunisian and they make a bunch of north african staples. Their slata mechwiya is pretty good and their merguez was great. A little on the spicy side if your not used to the regions cuisine but it was perfect for me. They offer other arabic and north african fare as well and it wouldn't be Philly if they didn't have cheesesteak. I will be going back to explore their menu further but I def recommend if your in the area
First-timer's take for a delivery order: closer to 3.5 yelps.  The order was filled correctly, packaged well, and arrived promptly. The vegetarian items we ordered, which included hummus, baba ghanoush, and falafel sandwiches, were good and also fresh, but everything tasted slightly under seasoned. We'd order again from this place because it was fine but we're definitely still on the hunt for our go-to falafel delivery joint.
Their chicken kabob entree is amazing. I get it to go, and always have half remaining as leftovers. It comes with delicious grilled veggies, hummus and pita bread, and a small salad. I have never eaten there, but there are always plenty of tables available when I go to pick up my order. The people who work there are very pleasant.
If you are looking for an excellent inexpensive quiet restaurant, look no further.  The chicken kebab platers are great. Freishly grilled chicken, salad, hummus, I skip the rice and get extra grilled vegetables, and I love their home make hot sauce...The staff is great and its next to wonderful Sabrinas...
I've been living in south Philly for years and this has always been one of my go-to delivery options. My wife and I always get the chicken shawarma platter and falafel platter. We love the flavor and both come with a delicious salad and hummus. Their hummus is really tasty- we never have left overs. Food has always been consistent and they have really quick delivery times. Never had a problem with this place and it will remain a go to for us. If you're looking for reliable Mediterranean with great hummus, definitely check this place out!
What a great takeout meal we had tonight! Really appreciate the free delivery during this stressful time, but even more, the food was fresh, tasty and plentiful. We have enough for lunch tomorrow!  Thanks~
We loved this place! We went on a weekday and had no problem getting a table. The service was great. Everything we ordered was fresh, homemade, and perfectly prepared. The restaurant is also BYOB which is always a plus. 

We got the appetizer sampler and Tunisian Couscous with lamb and chicken kabob. The appetizer sampler was amazing, especially the falafel! The Tunisian couscous was delicious. Both the the chicken and lamb were perfectly cooked. We also got a side of the homemade hot sauce which had a unique flavor that complemented the dishes quite well!
Don't understand how this place isn't packed on a Friday night. Soooooo good. We had stuffed grape leaves for appetizer and each of us had a different entree. Chicken shawarma, lamb kebabs, chicken kebabs, and the special - branzini. We all cleaned our plates. We also had the tiramisu and baklava - both were insanely good. 

The chefs were working their tails off in the little kitchen AND waiting on tables. Incredible place. We will be back!
I had gone this secret restaurant on Tuesday. It was dinner time and I was the only guess in the restaurant. What a shame because this Tunisian restaurant deserves much better. 

I ordered Salmon Steak Entree and I finished everything quickly. It came with side of salad, rice, hummus and fried vegetables. Everything was delicious but wasn't enough. I was expecting bigger portion and right amount of salmon, but it wasn't. So great taste of food especially hummus, but small portion of food served.

My waitress was also very friendly. It was very clean restaurant and I really loved their clean restroom which was very impressive. You should try one day this restaurant.
Love it here!! This place is underrated next to Sabrina's Cafe. Low key place with delicious food
Consistently delicious every time! The staff is very nice and the food is amazing. Love the hummus, Baba ganoush, & veggie app... love love love
The falafel deluxe sandwich is delicious. I loved the flavors and the addition of eggplants made it especially delicious. The bread was thin and chewy.
Is there anything sadder than ordering $50 worth of food and picking-up the bag and it weighs like six ounces?  That does not happen here. Nice portions  of super fresh, well prepared product that's healthy to boot.
Checked out this BYOB for dinner on a Friday in July and we were the only dine-in customers.  Service was (understandably) quick and pleasant.

Falafel entree that came with rice, mixed veggies, hummus, and 2 pieces of pita: 3/5, it was fine, nothing inspiring though. At least the pita was warm and soft!
Grilled chicken pita sandwich: 3/5.. same.. decent but nothing inspiring.

The price and quality of food was about the same as Naf Naf Grill (the Chipotle/Qdoba of Mediterranean food)
