We stumbled on Alice Pizza purely by chance when I noticed the Gelato in the window.  Located on the corner of 15th and Locust look for the New Awnings with Alice emblem on them.  Across the street from Dunkin Donuts and Bank Of America. 

Just opened yesterday, it was already crowded.  As soon as you step inside the Gelato, Dessert and Coffee are in front.  On the left side pull a number and when called let them know what pizza you want and tell them how big or small you want it. They sell pizza by the ounce.  On the right hand side if you prefer to sit, it's first come first serve and you need to wait to get seated. It's pretty small and there are only a few tables available and a bar.
On the sit down side you'll need to purchase the personal size pizza they don't sell it by ounce.  

The workers are very friendly and they explained to me that there are over 100 Alice Pizza locations throughout Italy, this location is the 1st in the US and they fly in the dough for the pizza from Italy. It's Roman style and thin crusted.

The coffee and gelato served here is from Gran Caffe L'Aquila which is produced by Stefano Biasini (Gelato Champion). It was delicious yet a bit pricey $5.50 for a small scoop. 

Only tried the Gelato tonight and plan to sample their pizza tomorrow! It Smelled and looked delicious!
Restaurant Week at Alice Pizza was truly a success. After checking out the RW menu online, and comparing it to a few others that I thought were worth checking out, friends and I decided that Alice Pizza was the spot for us. Two out of three of us had been for pizza and gelato before, but this was a first for the sit down, full menu dining experience. We called about a week in advance to make our reservation and were easily able to get the time we wanted.

We were seated immediately upon arrival and our vaccination cards were checked per the city mandate. We were offered regular and RW menus. As a participant in dry January, I only peeked at the drink menu to avoid temptation. I was pleased to see that the drink prices are pretty reasonable and there's a wide selection of cocktails, beer, and wine. I opted for a diet coke with lemon, another friend participating had a blood orange italian soda, and our non-dry January friend had an espresso martini.

The four course RW menu had 4 different choices for first course and the second course, so we all agreed upon our three preferences from each category and ordered accordingly. We each did our own thing for course 3, and then shared desserts for the fourth and final course.

To start, we had the Mozzarella Tasting, Salumi e Formagi Misti, and Burrata Con Tartufo. The servings were small, but just enough so that we could each have a bite of everything. For our second course, we had the Cacio e Pepe Gnocchi Fritti, Suppli al Telefono, and Sformato. Again, these dishes were on the smaller side, but perfect to share. The gnocchi was incredible, the ragu with the suppli was perfect, and the sformato was next level - definitely my favorite.

For my third course, I had the Carbonara pizza. This was the main event dish, the portion was so big I could hardly finish half. So crisp, well topped, minimal crust and just delicious. My mouth is watering while writing this review and thinking about that pizza. 

To wrap up the evening, we had the Sfogliatelle, Tortina Della Nonna, and Crema Catalana. Honestly, I think we were served a key lime pie instead of the Tortina Della Nonna because there was a lime garnish and no nut toppings but I am so glad because that little pie was my favorite dessert.

Start to finish, a delightful night. Our server Dom was personable, attentive, and made the evening thoroughly enjoyable. I can't wait to return to Alice for another sit down meal to try all of the other menu options. What is better than a successful Restaurant Week?!
I heard Alice Pizza was coming to town and all the raves about their 48-hour rising dough process. It sounded amazing plus they have a dessert and wine bar so obviously worth a try. 

The layout Alice is a bit compact but good use of space since its the same location as the old Cosi. Everything is on a center island with seating on the outside.  The pizza looks amazing. Probably the tastiest I've seen. Compared to the taste? Kinda underwhelming. The crust was light and fluffy. Almost reminded me of a blend of French toast and waffle cone but kinda tasty. The pizza isn't sold by the slice and is sold by the WEIGHT of the portion u want sliced off. Pretty smart on their end because whole slices won't get wasted as much. 
I purchased about $6 worth of pizza which equals 2 slices compared to their competitors. 
Combined with the bar and desserts it's a good place to eat but nothing special.
This is a great Italian cafe serving up fresh pastries, beautiful looking Roman style pizza and gelato. The atmosphere is great, the space is large and it has a market feel to it. The displays are big and you can really see everything to be able to make your selection. We tried a few different pizzas and all were unique, flavorful and the crust was nice and crispy. If your in the mood for a quick bite and don't mind the hustle and bustle because they are always packed and want to try authentic Roman style pizza this is the place.
Alice Pizza is so much more than pizza. Walking past this establishment during their opening week, it smelled absolutely heavenly! When I finally visited, it did not let me down. Their pizza is sold by the slice (size of the slice is your choosing), half pan, and full pan. I tried the spicy eggplant, which was delicious! The crust is crunchy on the outside, but fluffy on the inside and it is so, so good. For dessert, check out the pastry display or gelato selection (from the other authentic old-style Italian establishment in the area, Gran Caffé L'Aquila). Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area!
Amazing pizza. The crust is thin and crispy. Ingredients are fresh: fresh tomato and mozzarella. There are a lot of varieties. You can have the pizza reheated. Sold by weight and you can tell how big thes slice.

For dessert you can have the award-winning amazing gelato and delicious pastries from Isgro's.

Service is fast and friendly.
Stumbled upon this place last night.
Freshest pizza I've ever had.
Tremendous flavors of pizza; zucchini, crab, eggplant to mention just a few, to the more traditional flavors.
Slices are cut to whatever size you feel you are hungry for. Fun to take smaller slices and mix up and try it all.
As busy as it was, they were well staffed and instant gratification of being fed.
A must stop-in.
Delish!
This is outstanding pizza . The crust is not exactly like you would get in Rome . This is a bit lighter and airy with a crisper crust . There are many places that sell pizza by the inch or centimeter. Alice's  sells  pizza by the ounce.  By the way it's expensive. The 3 slices in the picture was $19. But back to the Pizza it was absolutely delicious. The toppings where wonderful. The cheese was exactly the right amount. The sauces were great too. The service was very accommodating but they are not set up well to be very busy. The space is pretty but not in a European way more like aCheese cake factory way. Oh well I loved the pizza and will buy it again soon.
Alice (pronounced ah-LEE-cheh) just opened and it's such a nice addition to the row of bars/restaurants on 15th Street. 
Alice is the first U.S offshoot of the Roman pizzeria, they use a 48-hour rise with limited yeast that makes the pizza taste light and airy. It has a nice crunch and the flavors really pop. The pizza is baked in trays and I think that adds seasoning to the crust - very tasty!
The slices are sold the weight, you're able to choose the size of the slice (cut into rectangles). 
I got a plain slice (marinara and mozzarella), as well as the spicy eggplant.
Since it's a new place, it was fairly crowded but it's well managed - customers take a number (deli-style) for their pizza/salad/soup order. They also have pastries, Italian coffees, Italian beverages and gelato. There's a full bar as well.
Pizza places usually don't strike my fancy but Alice was an exception and for good reason.  Alice is apparently a chain in Italy but apparently this very shop is the first one in the entire US.  How appealing is that?

The inside is bright and inviting, in part because of the scrumptious looking gelato and desserts on display.  The gelato's prepared by one of the gelato world champions, Stefano Biasini, who also prepares gelato at the nearby Gran Caffe L'Aquila. I was sorely tempted to try the gelato and tiramisu in particular but I restrained myself because I had come specifically to try the pizza.  While I'm not used to buying pizza by the ounce, I like it because it means you can buy as little or much as you want since the pizza doesn't come in pre-formed slices.  I tried a sausage-and-mushroom slice, enjoying the lightness of the crust, and it was under 3 bucks.  I got tempted to try a different flavor and that was under 2 dollars since I only wanted a sliver.  And there was nutella pizza!  Generally, I don't like mixing chocolate with pizza but it did look amazingly delicious.

What I also like is that the restaurant has something for everyone in that one side has table service and you can order cocktails/other drinks with your meal.  The other side has seating along the windows for those of us who may just want to grab a bite by oneself or with 1-2 other people but do not need table service.

I already introduced a friend to this place and I'll gladly continue raving about it to anyone who will listen.  Even if you don't normally go to pizza places, like me, this place is worth your attention.
The servers handle the ready to made pizza poorly. They use the same serving spatula with the meat and vegetarian items without washing them. They also place the meat pizzas on the same trays as the vegetarian pizza. Lastly, they don't use any wax paper when measuring the weight. There is tons of cross contamination. If you are a vegetarian or don't appreciate the risk of contamination, I would definitely avoid this restaurant.
Cool Italian pizzeria with gelato and salads. Pizza the authentic Italian way - thin crust cut into squares. Reasonable prices, cozy ambience.
The owner contacted me and said not being able to get two flavors of gelato in a pint was a mistake. You can get up to three.   Therefore, they get five stars. The spicy eggplant and spicy potato pizza are both fabulous.
Some great pizza and espresso here. Looking forward to trying out the pastries and gelato soon!
Margarita pizza was spot on. Tomato sauce was sweet with chunks of tomato. Crust was just right.
Definitely my favorite pizza lunch spot in the city. You point to what you want, they weigh it, heat it up, you pay. 
I love the European vibe- the place is cleaner than any pizza place I've seen in Center city (other than Joe's Pizza- also very clean!) 
They have fancy coffee drinks, ice cream and desserts, too.
I also like that they don't waste boxes if you're taking a slice or two to go. Seems like a huge waste to use a box for something you'll eat in 15 minutes. They wrap it nicely on a plate.
The staff is friendly and organized. 
Stop by at least once. It's different than any pizza place you've seen in Philly.
Really great pizza by the cut (you pick size)....I think they weigh it. They have full service but that's on the other side and you can't do by the cut. The pizza is thicker in size but very light and crunchy. The ingredients are quality but I would of liked to taste a bit more sauce. They also have great desserts...a 4.5 star for sure but I rounded up. Definitely worth the walk. We where at doubletree by Hilton and it's only a 3-5 minute walk
This pizza was amazing! there were so many types to choose from. My boyfriend and i live in the neighborhood and were very excited to try Alice. It did not disappoint! this is truly one of a kind pizza for Philadelphia and tastes incredibly authentic. I felt like i was back in Rome. We loved it so much we went back a second night. Will definitely be a regular at Alice.
Just came for the gelato!

The lady and I shared the Pistachio and Stracciatella.

Firstly, the prices are touristy meaning very pricey.  I thought Capo Giro was on the expensive side well Alice has them beat.

$7 and change for what was 1 scoop of each I feel was on the pricey side and had me well taken aback to say the least.

After getting over the sticker shock we dug into what turned out to be super f*cking duhlicious!!!  

The Italian ice cream was what it was supposed to be.....creamy, sweet and very authentic.  See...I can say that cause I've had the best all over Italy and this stuff rivals the best.  

The pistachio was fresh and natural filled with small pieces of nuts all up in my mouth and the 
Stracciatella was sweet and luscious with flecks of dark chocolate all over the place. 

I will definitely return to taste the critically acclaimed pizza and will also save my pennies to enjoy a proper pallette finishing bite of some badass gelato.
Good spot but needs a little better QC. Consistency has been an issue and someone needs to school the part time pizzaiolos how to master the ratios.  All that said the place is solid and diavola is a beast!
So I've had the take out pizza, and also the personal pizza (at the sit down side of the restaurant), Caesar salad, the gelato and the chocolate cake. If you like a decent amount of sauce and/or cheese, you'll prob be disappointed because apparently Italians don't put a lot of either on their pizza. But if you get the personal pizza, they make it fresh, ask for extra cheese and a side of sauce (to dip), and it's pretty bomb. $13, but can feed two people. Caesar salad is good, good amount of cheese on that. Gelato is good but crazy expensive. But if you got it like that (some people do) definitely grab the chocolate. Chocolate cake was good, ganache was thick. Overall, it's gotten better, but sauce/cheese lovers just be aware you gotta ask for extra ;)
A lot of hype for hardly average pizza. The pizza was very greasy, the dough was dense and honestly the pizza didn't have much flavor. The service was slow even when we were the only customers in line.

I did like the pay by weight(oz) style- which lets you to choose the exact size of the slices you order. I was able to try all the different varieties I wanted in one meal! Sadly, all the vegetarian varieties were underwhelming. Also, I'm pretty certain there was cross contamination between the meat and the vegetarian pizza. 

If you want variety come here, but if you want quality go somewhere else.
Please don't judge me for ordering a half-sheet of "margarita plus" pizza (with sausage) and eating it on my floor. 

With that being said, I'm keeping this review as short as possible so that I can eat this entire pizza by myself. 

The pizza has this great, thin-crust feeling and the toppings are delicious and plentiful. I always have a problem with the tomato sauce on pizza, but I don't here-- this one is not too acidic, but not too sweet either. The cheese is thick, chewy, and overall amazing. And the sausage crumbles? Don't even get me started.

Alice Pizza is clean, affordable, and an overall great experience. Definitely come here!!
Nice place. You can grab a slice of the many offerings weighed by the oz. Seating is counter along the wall, and about four tables in the back. There's a separate full service area and bar offering additional menu. Pastries from
Isgro's & gelato from Cafe Gran Aquila are also available.

I got a slice of the Zucchine & Bufala, heated a little. The crust is unique, light, airy & crisp at the same time. The bufala was nice and creamy, the zucchini sliced super thin & flavorless. All in all, the pizza I had was pretty bland. 
And at $6.80 for a 4"by 6" piece I'm in no hurry to try any more.
Roman style pizza that is either paid by the weight of however much you want cut, or alternatively, you can purchase a personal pizza. Unique toppings. Tried the carbonara and eggplant pizzas. The crust is crunchy and the dough is very fluffy. Pizza is different, and offers a wide array of toppings that can satisfy anyone. 

Not a fan of the service. I stood in front of the cold pizza area trying to get a few slices, and cashier/pizza cutter did not even acknowledge that I was there, or ask if I had any questions. I was the only one in line. Hope there is improvement in the customer service as this place continues to generate traffic. Gonna stick with &pizza up the street: excellent service and no frills good pizza. 

If you pick up pizza, there is a little window area that you can eat at, or some high-top tables. There is also a larger dining area if you want service.
I love Alice! The pizza is really good. It is an odd layout, but I recommend sitting at the counter on the other side of  the door. You get great service and it is shockingly great for conversation, even though the venue is a bit noisy. You get to watch everyone in and out but the set up on the other side is quiet. It is a very nice dinner spot. My boyfriend loved the calamari. They also have a decent wine menu. I never eat dessert but the gelato and cream puffs...yum. No reservations so get there early! Just added to my Saturday night dinner rotation!
Very impressed with just my one visit. Their coffee is very good, and you might not think of this as a place to go just for the coffee. It's perfect just to grab a pre-concert coffee, given proximity to the Academy of Music and Kimmel Center. Also note the desserts (gelato in particular) available, so it's not just for the pizza that you might consider stopping in.
If you're ever craving super crispy pizza and want the liberty to decide exactly how many slices you want, Alice is the place to be. I first found about this place when I traveled to Rome. It's so cool to have one in Philly. Their specialty is Roman pizza, baked in squares and cut into pieces with scissors on demand. You tell them how big of a slice you're in the mood for and they cut it, stick it into the oven and serve it to you, They have a huge variety of pizzas, as well as a pretty stacked bakery/gelato bar. I've only ever been here for pizza, but it's always hit the spot. My favorite pizza is the one with sausage and mushrooms. The crust on every piece is so crunchy and amazing.
First time trying this spot. The margherita pizza is a must!! Great atmosphere. I can see this as a great casual spot to take a date to. Will have to come back to try other stuff on the menu
Finally got to check out this place that's right across the street from my place! We ordered the Diavola Pizza, Calamari Fritti, and Cotoletta Romana. The pizza was so delicious and so flavorful, with plenty of sauce and toppings! The thin square pizzas are my favorite kinds to eat, and Alice Pizza does the Roman style pizzas so well. The calamari was lightly fried (which I like), and chicken cutlet was very filling. Sadly, I didn't get to try any dessert this time, but I'll definitely be back to try it next time! I'm so glad I found a nice pizza spot to satisfy my pizza cravings!
We've come here twice and each time it's been an issue with service. We came here tonight to get some gelato on way home from dinner and once again disappointed by the service.  The first time we came, there was no seats for us to grab a slice and eat- which is totally fine- so we went to the pizza place down the street.
Well tonight, we grabbed gelato with our kids and while there was a TON of seats everywhere, in the sit down area | bar, we were not allowed to sit at the bar with kids (fair enough- unfortunately there goes my after dinner cocktail) then we were directed to the other side of the cafe - self service- but where there were no seats- mind you there were about 6 window seats available in general! The back seating area- which is houses about 2.5 tables was 'RESERVED. 
So my husband unfortunately, sat in a tiny corner seat behind the sign that said 'please wait to be seated' then the bartender came over again and said "You can't sit there" after we explained that there are no seats available- and the other section was 'reserved' the 'reserved' sign all of a suddenly disappeared!  We were redirected to the back and It miraculously it was open- all the while our gelato melting with all the pacing we were doing.
We didn't want to be difficult but, it's a bit frustrating that you spend money for food at a eat-in cafe and you can NOT literally eat-in, but they will certainly take your money.  It was even more irritating when there were a TON of seats available on the other side of the room- maybe they were anticipating a big rush or something we weren't aware of, but how about they make the other 12 seats available for people that just want to just finish their food and leave and not close off sections of the limited seating! 
They missed out on at least 2 rounds of drinks on us, as we waited for our littles to finish their gelato(obviously they didn't care either way) but 11 bucks for 2 small gelato (which is fine, although I think that's fairly expensive for ice cream) and we can't sit down is a bit ridiculous (considering that's the average cost of an entree there) we sat there for approximately 10 minutes and then left bc they were done. Mind you, all the while-no one else came in for their full service side...good thing they had ALL of them open though!
Alas, I won't be coming back here- I doubt they care, but so much for giving this place a second chance. Shame on us for trying. 
The gelato was ok, it wasn't like what we've had in Italy but it's nice there is something like this in the city with all the other gelato places closing in the city!
It was disappointing as it was our anniversary and we wanted some hassle free dessert with our kids. I could overlook the employees all gathering and chatting amongst themselves behind the counter, but the total lack of service is unacceptable with all the other options in the city.
I said to DH- we should have gone to the Racquet Club, where it's (believe it or not) much less pretentious- and only a block away!
Very nice Roman pizza place in the heart of Philly with reasonable prices and amazing flavors.

I ordered the sliced meats pizza. The meats were excellent. They had a creamy fresh cured texture with mild saltiness and an earthy funk. 

The crust was fluffy and buttery with a firm crisp. 

The cheese and sauce were fresh. 

Overall I was very happy with the slice.
Holy mother of God, I have never eaten better pizza in my life... Crust is crispy, and layered crunchiness while the ingredients are amazingly fresh, I'm guessing the cheese maybe homemade and the vegetables are slice thin and stacked. My only complaint is when they get busy it seems as though the pizza could use a few more seconds in the reheat oven. Nonetheless, I freekin LOVE this place
I was really, really looking forward to checking this place out especially because the pizza is authentically Roman styled. The dough and crust sounded amazing. I love the concept of this place... you can sample as many kinds of pizza as you want by ordering by the ounce. It can seem a bit crowded but they've done a beautiful job with decor and making good use of space (used to be a Cosi.) 

Came in a week after it opened and tried broccoli and sausage, margarita, spinach/prosciutto and mushroom when it finally came out. For dessert I had the nutella/strawberry pizza. The crust was AMAZING as expected but I was underwhelmed by the toppings/pizza overall. I ordered in small amounts 3 separate times because 3 different people at the counter told me the mushroom pizza would be out in "5-10 mins." I guess you can request for them to make something and they will (was confused about this, most people seemed to just pick from what was already made.) I didn't mind waiting 5-10 minutes but it ended up being around 30 mins and the counter people kept repeating the same (wrong) information/time which was frustrating. Also, the first two times I ordered, I was not directed to pick a number and wait to be called. All of a sudden when I went to order for the third time, after clearly standing and waiting for a while... one of the ladies told me I *had* to take a number in order to be served. It felt a little rude, especially because I had been clearly standing in front of the counter and been waiting for a while. 

Yes, they are a new place and need some time to get things in order. I also know those desserts from gran cafe are amazing... I watched as the owner and manager jumped in often to help at the counter or talk to customers and really seemed to care. I was just disappointed by the service and didn't love the pizza. I can definitely acknowledge that I'm spoiled by nj/Nyc pizza and prefer more sauce, but STILL. I might return in a few months to try some of the specific flavors people are raving about... (eggplant, lox, shrimp) or perhaps the Non pizza items (pastas) or drinks and might recommend Alice if you want a unique take on pizza.
Alice brings excellent service, food and culture! This is definitely my new favorite place!

The staff is super friendly, the food is incredible and this neighborhood needed a fresh Italian vibe. My favorite part is that I never feel full after! They're dinner menu is amazing as well!
We went here twice and loved it. The pizza varieties are inventive and delicious and the toppings sit on some of the best pizza crust in the city. If you're not dining in, the ordering process is a little awkward but they just opened and I would expect them to eventually work out the kinks.
Uh oh! I was so excited to try out this new pizza place. I'd passed it a few times just before it opened and meant to come back and give it a try. I didn't realize that it was Roman style pizza until I walked in, and I was ~ecstatic~ because that's my absolute favorite! Ever since I visited Rome a few years back I've had a major crush on zucchini pizza. It's hard to find a place in the states that has zucchini pizza as one of their staples, but I saw it at the front of the line-up at Alice and I was elated. I got myself a big slice of that along with the parmigiana (eggplant, chunky tomato sauce & mozz) and spicy potato. It ended up being about $12 for the three slices. 

Unfortunately, when I sat down and reached for the parmesan cheese shaker, I found it to be SO moldy and discolored that it was unrecognizable. I went to the counter next to me and found that the shaker there was also moldy and completely yellowed. NOOOOOO!!! I was so excited about this amazing new pizza spot I'd just found and I was ready to brag to my friends about it. BUMMER. I was a little more skeptical about the food quality after that, but I ate my pizza anyway because damn, it looked good. I'm probably biased now, but even though I thought the flavors were good, I found the quality of ingredients to be subpar. For example, the ricotta cheese was salty and bland, not the creamy melt-in-your-mouth kind I expected. The diced tomatoes were also pretty pale & flavorless. 

Overall, I'm impressed by the extensive menu of pizza options and I think that Alice would satisfy any pizza craving in a pinch. I'm disappointed that such a new restaurant is already struggling with food safety practices. There's another Roman-style pizzeria in the Rittenhouse area which I like (will review soon) and I feel that one uses higher quality ingredients and produces a better flavor (not to mention creates a much nicer atmosphere), so I'll skip Alice next time and head to 21st to get my fill of zucchini pizza from now on :P
I studied abroad in Rome, Italy and ate at Alice about 3 times a week. When I heard Alice was coming to Philly, I was beyond excited. After going to Alice in Philly, I can tell you this is the closest thing you can get to Roman pizza. You can have as much or as little of any kind of pizza and pay by the ounce. The pizza is light and crispy- it is delicious! I didn't love the crab pizza, but every other kind I had was amazing and felt like I was back in Rome! Spicy eggplant, mushroom, and lox pizza are my favorite. Thank you for bringing Alice to Philly!
3.5 stars for the pizza, 5 stars for the pastries and gelato.

The pizza is flatbread style, sold by weight. The crust is nice and crispy, but I didn't find the toppings to really make the pizza anything too special. Tried the mushroom + sausage, the potato pizza, as well as the diavola.

The dessert and gelato section, however, is glorious. They get their gelato fresh every day from gran caffe l'aquila, and the flavors and texture are on point. Pastry section also has the papal smore, which immediately catches your eye and the taste backs up the visual appeal (no surprise, tastes like an elevated smore).
Solid. I got the lunch combo of the Suppli Al Telefano and slice of Margarita pizza. The suppli al telefano is a rice croquet with mozzarella in the center and a beef/veal ragu in with the rice. It was lighter than expected (fried food can sometimes be heavy/dense) this was not but it would have been better if it came with a small ramekin of their tomato sauce to dip it in as the acid would have complimented and brought out the flavor more. I suspect when dining in or outside this may be how they are served as an app but they should include with the take out order combo. The pizza is square cut (I got a corner slice! score!) is very delicate with a crisp crust and nice balance of cheese to sauce. I also splurged for an Isgro cannoli because how can one not? All in all a very tasty lunch!
I think I have rediscovered my love for pizza!  I have been to Alice Pizza twice in the past few days!  I've tried the chicken parmigiana pizza, meatball pizza and the margherita pizza- they were all delicious so there is no clear winner or favorite, they're all great!  The crust to me is like an airy, Sicilian thick crust but more light.  I really enjoyed it!  I also tried the caramel gelato which was delicious, a little too heavy for me but very good.  I tried the Ricotta cookies and those were delicious!  They also have San Pellegrino refrigerated beverages.  The price is pretty reasonable too, for 2 slices of pizza, a juice, a dessert was $13, not bad!  They weigh the pizza so you can decide how thick or thin you want your slices, that's a nice touch.  The location is great too, where the old Cosi was, across from Fado, very convenient!  They accept credit cards including American Express and have a nice little area to eat in at, they also have a restaurant section for waiter service which I have yet to try but would like to.  They play nice music too, the staff are friendly and helpful.  Fun pizza shop, great food, great desserts!
Alice Pizza is a "roman-style" pizza chain straight out of Rome. It has multiple locations in rome and this is its first Philly location. The restaurant is a really big hybrid of multiple types of restaurant in a small location. It's a take-out pizza place, ordered by the slice, a bakery/gelateria a bar, and a sit-down restaurant. That's a lot to fit in the small-ish space. 

I have ordered pizza here many times, and that's my favorite part about Alice Pizza. As a native chicagoan I like my pizza really thin and crispy (Chicago isn't just deep dish!!). I generally dislike new york style or any "foldable pizza". I don't think pizza should be limp and soggy. It should be light and crispy.

The other great thing about Alice pizza other than the crispiness is the ingredients and the ordering method. You can order for eat in or take out (space is sometimes limited for eating in). There are always many pizzas displayed and you can choose how big of a slice you want. There are ingredients on pizza that you don't really see elsewhere and they are usually high quality, like anchovies and nicer pepperonis/salamis and meats. Of course, this comes with a higher price than your regular slices of pizza hut pizza, but I think it is definitely worth it.

The one thing I didn't like about Alice was the food in the sit-down section. I got a salad and I felt like the salad portions were a little small and not as good as the pizza.
My favorite morning stop on Friday mornings. The staff Melissa and Anita are always welcoming and smiling. I ordered cappuccino which was made to perfection and then a breakfast crescent light and delicious.
I have also had lunch the pizza is great and the arancini are to die for. What a great addition to the neighborhood at 15th and Locust!
Alice Pizza! It was fantastic! I am Italian, and I approve of this pizza!  Yum!  

The personal pizza was big enough for 2 kids with left overs.  As an adult, I could only eat 1/2 of it!  
We loved the eggplant pizza!  

The desserts looked wonderful!  I would love to return to try them!  

They were really nice to my kids!  As a parent, I would suggest adding this place to a trip to Center City (walking distance from Kimmel Center).
BEST Pizza in the town!!! 

Various (10+) options of thin & crust pizza, all fresh made and unique!
I believe it's one of the most authentic pizzeria I ever tried, since it has tons of stores in ITALY. 

I rarely consider myself a "pizza-lover", but Alice Pizza refreshed my mind. 

The pizzas here are not bland at all as other comments mentioned. They have much more tastes than just covered with salt & pepper like from every other pizza store. 

Just go and try every flavor for a tiny little piece!
I was so pleasantly surprised when I first tried the pizza here. I feel like most specialty pizza places have that typical thinner, softer crust that sort of flaps when you pull it off the tray. Don't get me wrong, I've never met a pizza I didn't like, but I'm more a fan of the Pizza Hut pan pizza-style crust--thick and bready, buttery, crunchy, chewy, AMAZING. Alice's pizza is more like that, and I'm here for it. They also have gelato up front so you can get dinner and dessert all in one. DEF worth a visit if you're looking for a change up from your regular zza joint!
I go here very often. They have isgro desserts - which is one of the biggest pulls for me! But they have amazing pizzas! You can take slices to go or order in and get a personal pizza. It's an beautiful place that I love to go in the city. Definitely unique in its Italian charm, insanely good gelato, and the great pizza.
Visited this restaurant for dinner a couple of times and got some drinks. The drinks were very reasonably price I think. Both of the pizzas were very delicious. One was a margherita pizza and the other was a amatriciana pizza. I would definitely recommend. They have heating lamps for outside dining. Our waiter wore a mask and they have sanitizing stations inside the restaurant.
tl;dr premium ingredients and grab-and-go slices al taglio culminate into this solid pizza option in Center City

"Al taglio" translates directly to "by the cut," in reference to the large sheets, cut and served in rectangular slices. Originally developed in Rome, Alice Pizza has expanded worldwide and is now a heavy-hitter in the pizza al taglio game. A friend remarked that this spot was a regular spot in her culinary routine during her semester abroad in Rome, so it's about time that I tried the Center City outpost.

The decor is confusingly over-the-top and in slight disrepair. Funky wire lighting fixtures hang from the high ceilings, and the walls prominently display murals and paintings depicting scenes from Rome. The large space is dominated by a U-shaped center counter. A rainbow of gelato options highlights the front side, with a long row of assorted square pies along the left and a full-service bar on the right. Mismatched chairs are paired with Mod Podge-esque tables. Contemporary rock blends with the buzz from the kitchen.

My partner and I decided to split a few slices during our visit this past weekend. Ordering in-person was a breeze, and the slices were reheated within 5 minutes.

The crust itself was pleasantly light and crisp. Each slice had a generous helping of clearly premium toppings. I loved that sauce and toppings spread very nearly to the edges of the crust. Our favorites flavors were the Diavolo (spicy salami), Philly Special (pesto, arugula, and sundried tomatoes), and Salsiccia e Funghi (sausage and mushrooms). The only flavor that was a letdown for us was the Melenzane Picante (eggplant), which was lukewarm, slightly slimy, and overly oily, and one-dimensional.

Our eyes were definitely larger than our stomachs -- we ended up getting 6 rectangular slices (translating into 12 square-sized ones). I would recommend 2-3 rectangular slices per person for a solid meal. Nonetheless, the $30 (after tax and tip) for our meal was still a bit jarring for pizza. All being said, Alice offers some of Philly's best reheated slices, which can inherently be inconsistent.
4 stars for good flavor but 3 stars for being a bit overcooked, 4 stars for an okay salad 

An authentic square cutting Italian style pizza. This order unfortunately did take a bit longer than the projected wait time by about another 5 minutes and the pizza crust was unfortunately overcooked (burnt) on the bottom. I think we got the BBQ pork pizza - it had a nice flavor to it, I liked the red sauce, onion/tomato, but I think the cook of the pizza itself needed some work.

We also got the bresaola beef tenderloin/arugula salad combo - the beef was thinly sliced, had a very strong flavor, a bit tough to chew, but tasted quite hardy. 

Tips/Takeaways: 
-I think you'd be satisfied with any of their pizzas
-The bresaola was okay, nice for a try, but I'm not convinced I'd get it a second time
Alice!  Alice!  Alice!  Pricey, but divine. Gelato is fabulous--we've had vanilla, chocolate, coffee and mango. So many more to try!  And so convenient!  On to pizza....sold by the pound. One buys shares, not slices. Sauce is the best I have ever had. Now, how do I stay away from Alice?
Excellent pizza, salad and pasta.  The handmade pasta are fabulous. My husband and I shared a pizza and fettuccine panna sauce with grilled chicken breast (a much lighter version of white cheese Alfredo sauce). The fettuccine was heavenly. The chicken breast is moist and tasty. This is now my favorite dish!  My father-in-law had the mezzaluna (half-moon shaped ravioli), which looked marvelous.  The other two in our party had a mushroom pizza and salad. Both looked delicious.  

The seating is very cozy.  We had a great time!

I can't wait to try their desserts and gelato next time.
We came to get a quick bite and drink during a Sunday afternoon. Super cute and cozy spot. We sat at the bar and ordered a glass of wine and beer. The waitress told us the other side of the restaurant you can order pizza by the slice or whole. We walked around and the pizza all looked so good. We got the Philly Special and Diavola. The slice is sold by weight, it's a little pricey but worth it. The pizza is squared and crunchy and full of deliciousness. The Diavola is my favorite out of the 2 I ordered. They also have ice cream and pastries that I was tempted to order, but sadly calories do still count on the weekend. I definitely will be back soon with my kids . I know my kids will enjoy this spot. It has pizza, ice cream and pastries and wine and beer for Mommy. What more can you ask for.
We went here last night for restaurant week and the food was great. 3 of us got the restaurant week pre-fixe menu and 1 of us ordered raviolis off the regular dinner menu. The food was good, atmosphere was good. We all had 1 complaint and unfortunately it left a little sour taste in our mouth. During the dinner, our waitress accidentally dropped a cup of marinara sauce on the floor which splattered on someone at our table and a couple people behind us at the bar. We did not make a big stink about it. We totally understand accidents happen and reiterated that to our waitress who was clearly upset about it. The manager saw the whole ordeal and apologized, but we were surprised that nothing on our bill was taken care of. No free drink or dessert. This wasn't a minor spill of marinara. It covered his sleeve and he spent 20 minutes in the bathroom trying to remove it with club soda. I put this one on the manager who knew this all happened. Very disappointed about this.
Edit: Restaurant delivered a new pizza to me quickly (see other photo below).  I appreciate the phone call and the hassle free redelivery.  I'll be a returning customer for this. 

---------------------------------------
Ordered a pizza from Here through Caviar. See the photo to look at what I got.  A bunch of COLD dough, cheese and toppings in a box. This isn't a pizza. It's literally cold like it's been outside for half a day. 

Will update my review if they make it right.
I came here for a late night slice on a Saturday night. It was pretty packed and they had decent reviews so I thought it was a safe bet to cure my craving.

They price pizza out by weight. I thought that was interesting but fair. I chose the meatball one and the potato one. I was asked if I wanted it warmed up and said yes. She left those bad boys in way too long. My slices were really dry. It was like eating flavorless toast. My meatball slice had 2 or 3 small pieces of meatball. The potato pizza was quite oily in between the layers of potato. It was disappointing. 

I also got a s'more dessert tart. The crust had this odd plastic-y taste. It was cold. I was kinda expecting it to be warmed up as well, but it wasn't. Straight out of the case and onto a dish. The marshmallow on top was the best part. 

I gave 2 stars because the girls working the counter were very nice. However, the food was definitely lacking.
Cosy little place. We didn't make reservations but we're seated right away. Although it was a Wednesday evening. Service was very good. Plenty of veggie options. Got the gnocchi which was delicious as was the mango gelato.
I came here with my friend on a weeknight around 5:30pm, and we were seated right away. The first thing we noticed when we walked in was the delicious-looking case of gelato, so we vowed to leave enough room for dessert.

I ordered the Parmigiana (tomato, eggplant, mozzarella, parmigiano cheese, and basil) and my friend ordered the Patate Picante (potato, mozzarella, spicy oil, and chives). Even though they were listed as personal pizzas, the portions were huge. Both pies were delicious, but I wish the eggplant on the Parmigiana had been a little thinner so it would have crisped up more in the oven. If you've never tried potato on pizza before, do it - you won't regret it!

For dessert, we split 2 scoops of gelato - one scoop of Tiramisu (espresso, ladyfingers, mascarpone) and one of Bacio (milk chocolate, dark chocolate, and Piedmont hazelnuts). Both were delicious, but the Bacio was oustanding - so creamy with an amazing depth of flavor.

I definitely plan to come back and try some of the other pies and flavors of gelato!
Gourmet pizza and Italian dishes close to Kimmel Center/ Merriam Theater.  Ended up here for a quick bite before a show and was, surprisingly, able to get seated immediately. Ordered the Rossa pizza, which was basically a thin square (12"x12") pizza topped with bruschetta with a slight kick of spice. Two of us ordered this and we both enjoyed it. The other in our party ordered the chicken Parmesan and was pleased. I added the side of broccoli with pine nuts with lemon butter. The broccoli was a little over cooked but the flavor was good. I would recommend if looking for something quick and easy that's close to the Broad St venues.
Great spot for pizza, pasta, and gelato. Every item we had was good, but not the best in the city. The pizzas have a delicious crust and fresh, flavorful toppings, but the pizza at Rione has a crust that's a little more airy and chewy. The fried calamari is flavorful but a little dry. And the gelato while rich, creamy, and flavorful, still doesn't match the memory of Capogiro. Great spot though and will probably return soon.
After moving from New York last year, I have been searching for my new local slice shop. While Alice pizza is far from your typical NYC-style slice, it has won a place in my heart for top pizza and philly restaurants. 

As other reviewers mentioned, the pizza is what I think of as Italian style - super crispy crust and baked in square pans with fun toppings. The best thing is that they sell it by the ounce, so you can try multiple types of pizza. My (vegetarian) favorites? The potato pizza and the (spicy) bruschetta pizza.

The service is great. The first time I came, I ate it take-away, thinking there wouldn't be enough space to sit. Not only do they have a table service portion of the restaurant, but they have ~10-15 bar style seats as well for those who want to enjoy the pizza in a more casual environment. When I was sharing 4 slices with my SO, they cut each piece in half and came and brought it over to our table (after talking us through the merits of each slice as we struggled what to decide to eat).

For those who love pizza or are just trying to find a cozy / casual neighborhood joint, make Alice (uh-lee-chey) pizza one of your next stops.
I've really only been here for the gelato, but I love it! It's a nice refreshing treat on a hot day that isn't as heavy as all the ice cream around town. I've had the Limone (lemon) a few times, and occasionally get something chocolatey (like Desire, which if I recall is a vanilla base with chocolate cherry or raspberry mix?) I'm never disappointed. Pre-pandemic they would give samples so you could try all of the flavors before you chose one for your purchase but I don't think they offer that anymore.

I always say I'll come back to try the pizza but who knows if I'll ever get around to it. The gelato is worth it on its own, though!
Alice Pizza is definitely added to my rotation of quick, cheap weeknight dinners when I am too lazy to cook. The things I love about this place include the vast selection, portion control (not that I have any-ha!) and price. I was able to get some spicy sorpressata, a grilled eggplant, and a tomato pie slice for $6.50! All of the pizza itself was totally delicious and I have not one complaint about it. The crust was crisp on the bottom and fluffy without being too doughy. The toppings were plentiful and well cooked.

I will say though that I am only giving 5 stars because their system needs working on. I grabbed a number, like the sign says to, and stood around for a few minutes before a lady behind the counter asked if I was being helped. Mind you, she made eye contact with me several times before asking. It seemed like their whole "grab a number" idea was abandoned that night and left the staff (and patrons) confused. Next time, I will just speak up if I see someone idling behind the counter as I am waiting. There will be a next time, because the pizza is awesome!
Just ordered through here because Ritual app was offering $5 off your first order. It's a great app by the way that allows you to try new places you may have not heard of. I ordered the margherita pizza, which I would post a picture of but I devoured it. It's very tasty with a lovely amount of mozzarella for all you cheese lovers out there! Looking forward to trying more on the menu.
If you've ever been to Italy, then you would really appreciate a genuine Italian bistro! If you haven't, don't fret because Alice Pizza will remind you of the cluttered streets in Venice it has everything, amazing pizza which can be customized to your liking, pastas, coffee, Italian pastries and espresso.
We went on a Sunday afternoon and chose to sit and dine ( you can just get pizza slices to go). We were promptly served with cold waters and menus, they do have a revolving specials menu. We tried the cacio- e-pepe gnocchi, it was fresh and quiet delectable! 
They also have a full bar! Can't wait to go back and get an Aperol Spritz!
Mmmmmm mmmmmm good!!!! My family went here last night.  We aren't from the area and just happened to pass by when we were hungry so we stopped in!! The pizza was excellent.  You pay by the weight, not by the slice.  You can order a slice of their specialty pizza any size you want.  You tell them where to cut.  They had so many different styles.  We tried the potato pie, the spicy tomato.  Fantastic.  Only down side is the impossible to find seating.  There was an area to "wait to be seated". At least 3 waiters walked by us and never asked if we needed a seat.  Luckily we found space at the counter after a few minutes of waiting.
This place is awesome. I love their pizzas and everything else they provide. But one thing that keeps me going back there is their friendly environment and customer service. The food is delicious but I like the fact that they have such a good customer service it is very important.

Go check this place, you will not regret it.
====review for dessert and cafe=====

After an evening concert at Kimmel Center, my partner and I stopped by Alice Pizza for some late night sweet. We were attracted by the amazing-looking dessert counter and spent lots of time deciding. Finally, we got a Papal S'more, which is described as a dessert created for Pope Francis.
We also ordered a shakerato classico and a decaf americano (I try to avoid caffeine late at night) to go with dessert.

It seems their dessert counter and cafe items are in collaboration with Gran Caffe L'Aquila, my beloved Italian establishment on Chestnut Street, including special dessert items and gelato made by Gran Caffe L'Aquila. The Papal S'more was a lovely tart with a chocolate base and a flame-shaped S'more top, such an indulgence to end a perfect night! 

As for the coffee, I really like the coffee beans from Gran Caffe L'Aquila: medium roast, not too sour, and makes great Americano. I also had a sip of my partner's shakerato classico, which was absolutely amazing! It's described as double espresso shaken with ice and sugar into a martini glass. Beautiful foamy texture at the top and refreshing taste as a special iced coffee. I will order it again if I come here earlier in the day.

I had a great late-night dessert experience at Alice Pizza and I noticed the place was still packed at 9:40 PM. I haven't tried their Roman pizza yet, but it's definitely on my list.
Alice aka "A-leech-ay" is dope! They have amazing food, service, and ambience. 

I've been here twice in the past 2 weeks with my guy and it has quickly become one of our favorite places in center city. We love to sit at the bar because the bartenders are super attentive and my guy can get a decent view of the game on the TV. All around it is a very intimate spot. 

When you walk in, there is a dessert display which gets me every time. I had the cheesecake on the first go around and it was decent, but the PAPAL SMORE was to die for. 

Both times I got the Margherita pizza, but the second time I added the arugula topping. The arugula is a great touch, but as is the pizza is still great. The crust is thick, with a nice crunch. 

Both times my guy got the dish with the fried chicken, arugula, and tomatoes. Now this dish is AMAZING! You can't go wrong with that one.

Special shoutout to Sean and Shane for their amazing service. They were so generous to give his a round of shots...ON BOTH OCCASIONS! Also, they are not stingy with their pours. They treat us like family. 

Honestly, this place is a gem and deserves the recognition because it skyrocketed to my top 5 favorite restaurants in such a short period of time.
Excellent aperitivo/happy hour. The pizza sampler was excellent and the calamari are lightly fried and delicious, not dripping in oil. The Aperol Spritz made me miss Italy. I'm certain I'll be back, and it doesn't hurt that their happy hour is from 3-6pm!
The best pizza around.  The WORSE service ever.  I cannot figure out how to order at the counter.  I have stood there - have been ignored - when I asked for service, the counter person has been condescending.  Can't figure out the system there.  But the food is great.
I just polished off a slab of Alice's Funghi & Quattro Formaggi, and I do not jest that was literally the best pizza I've ever had.
Right next to the 15th & Locust Patco station, this counter service patisserie/pizzeria is to die for.
They cut you off a slab of their numerous and varied pan pizzas and price it according to weight. I got about a medium sized slice of pizza for 3.00, and it was worth every penny. 
There is sitting space along one side of the shop, the staff was lovely, and their pastries will definitely be on my agenda next time I stop in.
I've been to the stand version of this place in Rome, Italy. I never expected one to come all the way over here. I was surprised and immediately decided to go. I went and took my mother for an early Mother's Day celebration. Now what did I think of the food, one the pizza was extremely good, it's crispy and very lightweight. Not only that, it'll make you beg for more. One thing you should know, you can't book a table/reservation. The rest of the food looked great as well. If you are looking for a new place for lunch, or dinner, this is the place for you.

Thanks for your time.
Awesome pizza.

My wife, daughter and I stopped in after The Johnny Shortcake Show at the Kimmel Center to grab a quick bite.  I was not hungry when we arrived but after watching them enjoy their pizza I tried a slice and I was very impressed.  The crust stands out.  So crispy and light.  The staff was great as well and it was interesting watching them prepare the pizzas.

Seating is limited, but they have tables and window front options as well. Most whom I saw visiting were there ordering carry out.  

Oh, and did I mention price?  Very reasonable.  I will be back and highly recommend this place.
This truly is the best pizza ever! I love the light airy taste of the dough and that all the ingredients taste fresh. I love the roman concept of pizza by the pound too, because you can savor many different flavors. Their gelato's are to die for! I'm a regular here, and sometimes embarrassed to go, because I go so often. 

Not only is their pizza delicious, but so is their service. There's a cute girl that works there that knows me on a first name basis and she's so sweet! All their staff are inviting!
First of all, just be aware that when it gets crowded (it WILL get crowded), there isn't really a clear line to order. It's more like a deli counter. 

Second of all, wow. The crust is light and oh so crispy and the toppings are fresh and plentiful. I got there just before the crowd- I told the woman I was ordering from that I wanted to get three different flavors- I thought that might help her determine how big a slice I would want. Maybe it helped, maybe she just already knew. There are so many topping combos, I guarantee it will be hard to choose. I got the rosemary potato, burrata and tomato, and zucchini and ricotta. $5 for an entire plate of pizza. It was amazing. Definitely stop by here. I also got gelato- the "desire" flavor was amazing- it was a great palate cleanser.
Authentic roman style pizza. Reminds me of my grandmas, but with better topping options. I've tried around 5 different slices here and they're all excellent. I was especially impressed with the eggplant. I did sit down waiter service, and the server was really sweet and helpful. I loved my prosecco.
Where can I begin? The owners, or i guess creators, of Alice are straight from Rome so you know it's authentic. I've had a few different cuts of their pizza on various occasions, and they're all amazing. Super crispy with a variety of toppings. It's like being back in Italy. Their Roman-classic, cacio e Pepe is to die for. Overall, you can't beat the prices. Only negative is that there space is really small, but it definitely works. 

I'm incredibly excited to try their Roman location when abroad!
came by for a quick lunch and really enjoyed this place!

i got 3 slices (couldn't decide!) but they ask you if you want it to be on the smaller side or larger, they weigh each slice by the ounce which i love! i tried the potato rosemary, the one with proscuitto and arugula and a 4 cheese mushroom.

the price and quality match perfectly! the potato rosemary was good... but way too much rosemary for my liking but they were good! some sliced were a little bit more overdone than the others but i really enjoyed the 4 cheese mushroom one.

they also had a great selection of desserts and gelato as well, i'll have to try next time!
Holy mother of God, I have never eaten better pizza in my life... Crust is crispy, and layered crunchiness while the ingredients are amazingly fresh, I'm guessing the cheese maybe homemade and the vegetables are sliced thin and stacked. My only complaint is when they get busy it seems as though the pizza could use a few more seconds in the reheat oven. Nonetheless, I freekin LOVE this place.
Solid pizza options here and the crust is very delicious. Nice and crisp!  I just got back from Rome  so it was nice to "extend the flavor". We share a "Philly special" and the zucchini Burrata...they were both very good. We also split an arugula salad which was very good but the dressing was a little bit too sweet for our taste. We were too full for any gelato but I am sure it is just as good as Gran Cafe - at least it looks the same?
A lesson in how YOUR experience can be at odds with everyone else's. We had an extraordinary dinner last night on our first visit. The pizza was phenomenal with a light, crispy crust that had just enough chew. We sat at the bar, and the bartender who attended to us was charming, quick & helpful.
Unfortunately, we didn't have time for dessert before running out to our show. So after the show, we stopped back for dessert and coffee. This time we sat at a table, and, to be charitable, the server was indifferent. My wife's froufrou coffee beverage and my esspresso came separately. My espresso was barely half of the demitasse cup and luke warm. Her gelato came with the coffee; my biscuit about 10 minutes later. Then getting the server's attention to get the check was nearly impossible. It was as if once the order was served, he forgot we we're his table.
So you never know how your experience will turn out.

**UPDATE** Alice's management reached out to me with a very nice message, and my wife and I are really looking forward to returning.
The pizza is five plus stars. The two stars are because I wanted to buy a pint of gelato with two flavors and was told I couldn't do that. WTH, I'm a customer willing to pay $12 for a pint. I should be able to get it anyway I want. It left a very bad taste in my mouth.
Great great atmosphere and food fantastic. Nice cafe, come as you feeling and yet NOT cafe style food. Also had a Gelato Bar and delicious looking pastries. Food comes to you hot and ready.  I will say the service is a little slow although it's worthy of the wait. The menu is pricey , but again very good. If your in downtown center city area this place is a must stop ...oh by the way the portions are generous ... 5-Stars.
Cute new pizza place - nothing too fancy. Went here for happy hour and they had some good specials. The Pizzette (pizza sampler) comes with whatever they give you, so picky eaters be warned. We got pepperoni, eggplant, and mushrooms - and since I don't like eggplant or mushrooms, I was out of luck. Ended up just ordering off the regular menu. The calamari was ok, but next time I'd probably just stick to their pizza. Love how they serve gelato from Gran Caffe L'Aquilla.  Apparently they have some of the same owners. 

All in all nice little addition to the area and I'll definitely be back for a slice and gelato!
Great local spot for a glass of wine and some authentic pizza. The gelato here is extremely good as well.

The ambience is what you would expect in Rittenhouse but they are also extremely clean and the staff is great.
pleasantly surprised how good the food was .
the "personal "size pizza was really large enough for two to share , once you can agree on what type ! many fresh ,healthy choices as well as plain out just yummy...we had the pork, pulled and with bbq sauce as well as the eggplant ,tomatoes, mozzarella cheese choice ...
the crust is crunchy ,perfect !
our party of 5 included a teenager who chowed down on the meatballs (side dish) ,as well the fried dough with sauce .happy kid ,no easy task .
the coffee is delicious. absolutely the best I have had in town ,pre covid included .
we ended the meal with the cookie sample plate ..
great cookies ,biscotti, traditional and not overly sweet .
the manager ,Shawn was helpful ,and personable,and not in that sappy fakey way you get with some establishment. he was lovely to talk to ,genuine .
I would give alice 5 stars except for the broken window we were seated near .long story short apparently some road work caused a pebble to crack the window ,which was "fixed " temporarily by securing the outside of the large window with plywood ,but not the inside .
my teenage grandson and daughter both sat up straight  in their chairs  and ....heard the crack get larger ...
no one was hurt ,but we were lucky .
the manager was apologetic and earnest .
appreciated that .
definitely will return ,so much to try on the menu !
Adorable restaurant in Philadelphia. Came after an event at the Kimmel Center. There was a bit of a wait and the staff was extremely accommodating. Well worth the wait. Kudos to the staff. Delicious food I including delicious dessert and accommodating front of the house.
I love this place's pizza. I started going here because I missed Rione earlier in this pandemic when it was closed but this place stands out on its own. I get the four cheese mushroom pizza which is my favorite. If you really like rosemary there's also a potato rosemary pizza. My mom enjoys the margherita pizza when she visits. We usually get 2-4 square slices per person for two people and two drinks, and we generally have a cost of 14-18$ because they charge you by weight. They will heat it up for you if you ask, but I will note it still is quite tasty at room temp. They have been very nice and have always wrapped/packed my slices nicely.

I haven't tried their gelato (i would have to eat it before the pizza for takeout) but it looks good along with their dessert spread. This pizza tastes like what I had in Italy, pizza al taglio. I prefer this type of pizza to say Neapolitan style personally.
We got take out to eat in our hotel room after a long day of site seeing. The online menu was easy to use. Pizzas were ready on time and hot after our short walk back to the room. We got the personal sized Margherita pizza, which had four large slices, a crispy crust and the perfect amount of cheese (shredded vs Buffalo mozzarella circles) and tomato sauce. Our second pick was the Casio e Pepi that had a thin crispy crust and rich creamy sauce with black pepper and cheese. Very good, yet rich. They also had a a wide selection selection of gelato, which we didn't try,but that looked delicious.
Was very excited about this corner cafe/restaurant with nice accents from Gran Cafe L'Aquila. They do sell their coffee and ice cream which is a nice touch and their selection of pizza and desserts will make you salivate. We came for a quick coffee and bite where I ordered an espresso and wifey ordered a latte. Bar tender/barista was very nice in snack and coffee recommendations as we split a margherita pizza. Everything was very fresh and tasted robust. We gladly sipped on our respective roasts while indulging in a wholesome pie. The bar seating is about 10-12 with a TV and about 30-40 for sit down eating. They have a quick process/counter of getting pizza and coffee to go. Will definitely be back for more.
This is one of my favorite places in Philly. The staff is super cool, friendly and accommodating. They location is perfect. They have outside seating on the sidewalk, not on the street like Blume does.

Oh and the pizza. I've had nearly every pizza like 5 times over but the mushroom one is my favorite.

Then for desserts they have an amazing selection of gelatos and cakes!
Excellent food and great service. Baked goods and Gelato were amazing. I visited from Houston Tx and wandered in for a quick lunch and sat at the bar. Bartender was quick to engage with me and take my orde. Great conversation and service. Highly recommended.
So I stopped by tonight for desert to go. I ordered a croissant and 2 shortbread cookies and got home to find 1 cookie. For over $7.00 it would be nice if the server could count to two.
Rich smooth gelato, delicious Italian espresso, and the cheery sound of "Ciao" and "gratzie" was music to my ears!  Will be back next time I'm in Philly for sure!
I wanted eggplant parm but it was not on the menu and I also want to hit grilled not fried. They made it for me and it was perfect. It was not overly salty make other restaurants
I also asked for a side of broccoli and it was perfectly cooked with a hint of lemon and pinenuts.
My little slice of Italy in CC. Reminds me of the pizza in Italy where you get fresh, interesting slices by the kilo. We started going to the pizza counter where my faves are the zucchini with ricotta and the mushroom in cream sauce. The pizza is airy and tender with a crips bottom, perfect. Eventually we wandered to the other side, the cafe where you can get amazing pasta and the best chicken piccata. Add a $25 carafe of wine and the tri calore salad(which I'll never not get) and you're in for a great meal. What we used to call our little secret place is now on the radar so I'd suggest a res on the weekend. It's small and gets busy
Oh, man. Can I give it six stars?  I walked all over looking for pizza and ask several people for reviews. unfortunately this was not the first one recommended but as soon as I saw it I was sold. This is exactly like pizza you get in Italy. The quality, the style. I wish they had a place like this back in LA. The gelato it's more of a 4 *. But do yourself a favor and do not miss this pizza.
On the first night of my first trip to Philly our hotel concierge recommended Alice Pizza as the place to go.  You establishment did not disappoint and in fact, the pizza was some of the best I have tasted.  Our waiter was incredible; despite my 3-year old behaving badly and breaking a glass.  I would recommend Alice Pizza without reservation for your next dining experience.
Definitely an upscale pizza kind of place! Food is great, the bartender was great and I loved my wine (to bad I can't remember what it is now). And the gelato and pastries are amazing. Between the restaurants set up and food, it really reminded me of when I was in Rome. Definitely worth checking out
Dinner trip to Alice was disappointing.  I had calamari, which was undercooked.  Sweetheart had rice croquettes (not my thing), and pasta carbonara, which he enjoyed.  My recommendation is to stick with the pasta and gelato at Alice (divine!).  If you want a great Italian meal, go to their other restaurant, Gran Cafee L'Aquilla.
