1. I'm a vegan and this place sells AWESOME tomato pie.  No, tomato pie is not just pizza without cheese on it.  Pizza without cheese on it is what we vegans eat when we agree to go to some pizza place with you non-vegans because we like you, and we're nice, but we don't really want your food all the time, even if your a laxidasical vegan like me.  No, tomato pie is a pizza with fresh tomatos, spices, and other such things on it.  In the case of Allegros it is also sicillian.  Definitely try it.

2. My wife has told me that their wraps and hoagies are really good too.  She also loves their cheese fries, and I've been told that their regular non-vegan pizzas are pretty good too.  OK, fine, I've eaten their cheese pizza once or twice.  It is good.  I'll admit it.  What?  I'm mostly-vegan, but I'm still human.

3. They deliver, and do so pretty quickly.  You can also pay with a credit or debit card over the phone which is really useful if you don't have tons of cash on you and want a good bite to eat.
I've gone to Allegro a few times and each time I've been more disappointed than the last. The service is terrible and everyone is extremely RUDE- the guy won't let you speak to a manager and they won't accept cards under $5 (my order was $4.85) even though it's against their contract with credit card companies.

On top of that, two of my co workers have had their credit card numbers stolen there. 
The pizza is so-so...  kind of bland if you ask me. Considering it's the only pizza place in the 40th street corridor, everyone swears by it. In reality, it's a crap place that should have closed down ages ago. 

Just go to Dock Street if you want to avoid this douchiness.
Allegro is always a good option when in the UPenn area, whether you want to grab a slice after going to The Bridge or need munchies before a hard night of partying. I was a Drexel kid, and I didn't go to Penn parties. We bought our own beer at Allegro and made our own parties- because we're Drexel, and we need to engineer everything ourselves.

The pizza at Allegro is always good... nothing mind blowing, but it gets the job done like good pizza should. They have a better-than-average selection of sides, all of which I've enjoyed (especially the broccoli bites). One of the biggest draws is the wall of drinks, including a fair selection of good beer. (They also have cases of Budweiser Mineral Water... you know, if you like that sort of thing)

Granted this is a Penn place, so it's likely you may run into d-bags and homeless people with no teeth, but that goes with the territory. Otherwise they have the campus pizza thing down pat.
Oh Allegros. When I was in college, I ate pretty much every meal here or at Wawa, and Allegros didn't give me nearly the indigestion.

The last few years have been some of Allegros' best -- up until about 2005, this joint was absolutely disgusting -- we're talking like, permanent grease stains on the tables and floors, trash everywhere, and like, 87897987 homeless people. I don't know anyone who went here sober. 

But then the folks overs at Greek Lady (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-greek-lady-philadelphia) stepped in, cleaned it up a bit, and it went from homeless hangout to fratty pit-stop (thanks, gentrification!), which was fine with me, especially because the pizza remained the same...a little sweet, and covered with delicious toppings - -just the way I like it.

I usually opt for the bbq chicken or mushroom slices...cheap and great. They have a decent beer selection too...a little pricey, but one of the only places to get a six-pack right on Penn's campus...essential for any college student.
To be completely honest, their food is, in fact, very good. 
However, one of the male employees felt it necessary to harass me!!! I felt so uncomfortable. He continued to keep talking after I asked him to stop. 
Ladies: beware!!
Ah tradition! My hangover cure. The food here is never great or even good really, but merely adaquate. See, when I'm feeling a bit sluggish and hazy on a Saturday or Sunday morning, a white pizza or some the crazzzzeeee disco fries will sop up the froggyness. Wings are a popular favorate but the burgers are way less than gourmet. It is what it is folks, and  thats just fine with me.
It's not the best pizza in the world, but at least it's floppy and you can fold it.  I do not like burnt pizza.  I like mine barely cooked.  This is kind of the quality you get at Allegro.  They've got mini strombolis here that are pretty good too. 

I have fond memories of Allegro, I didn't go to Penn (or college around here even) but WXPN used to be right across the street, and I used to volunteer there and get pizza before or afterwords.
One of two places on Penn's campus for a good slice (the other being pizza rustica). Allegro's is open much later and is way closer to most students' dorms and off-campus houses. It gets crowded on the weekends with mildly intoxicated Penn students whetting their appetites after a good number of drinks.

A good, clean place for buying / drinking 40s alone or with friends. Yup, they also "distribute" beer (stupid PA liquor laws). Reasonable prices on beer.

Don't get the pasta, it's not their expertise. Allegro's is also a fun place for watching sports games on their nice plasma screens.
Ah Variety. Semi-fresh variety. That delivers. Maybe some of the best pizza west of the river, but hey, pizza in this town sucks. Try the loaded cheesey bacony death fries. Decent wings too yo!

*they delivered to us in the ice storm last winter. that was awesome.*
It's mediocre
soggy simple cheap pizza
but it's edible.
Allegro, the answer to my lazy Sundays, after-work hunger pangs and late night munchies, your delivery service is top notch. I heart your wings, white pizza, and the friendliness of your delivery staff. The fact that I can order online and keep my daily human interaction at a minimum means the world to me. Your burgers are weak, but no one is perfect, right? You're about the wings, pizza, pasta, oh, and have I not mentioned your Allegro House Fries? Ranch, mozzarella, cheddar, bacon...good God, how you toy with me. Beyond your flaws, I still have a soft spot in my heart for you.
I've never actually been into Allegro, because my craving for their calzone strikes me at odd hours and I inevitably break down and submit to the $1.50 delivery fee.
     I've tried various entrees and have found most of them to be hit-and-miss.  The pizza is okay, but I suspect they use canned mushrooms.  I once drunkenly called them to inquire as such, but they vehemently denied anything but fresh mushrooms.  I think they were lying.
     However, I love their calzone.  It's so sinful.  I always get the mushroom and onion and a large not only feeds me for three days, but seems to get better with time.  I have a tendency to order at campusfood.com (how I love not having to explain myself on the phone), but I've found that they often have more dessert options, etc. than listed, which they can tell you about if you call.   I've found them remarkably accomodating when calling- that is, when they pick up the phone.  For some reason, as of late, their hours have not been as advertised.  I've called in late afternoon and the phone just rings and rings.  Campusfood sometimes randomly lists them as closed, even though their listed hours suggest otherwise.  However, last time my fiance called, the person there was kind enough to field questions for twenty minutes and make suggestions.  Maybe he spit in our food later, but the fiance LOVED the salad.  It was possibly the biggest salad I've ever seen.
    Speed of delivery obviously depends on when you're ordering, but lately, it's pretty speedy.  I find the prices mostly reasonable.  My opinion of Allegro might be different if I actually ventured in instead of past, but I've been happy enough with my delivery (and with those calzones) that I will consistently keep coming back for more.
I think that Allegro makes a solid pie for your college-oriented pizza joint - the tomato pie is very tasty, indeed.  There's a good selection of slices to grab and go.  

The beer selection is definitely great, and I love how insanely late it stays open on the weekends, though I'm not too fond of the crowd.  I guess that's why I'm always drunk in there on the weekends when grabbing some nightcap beers - it's the only way I can put up with the Penn kids.
I'm a fan .. I hate going here.. into the place.. it's annoying I hate the cafeteria style seating.. and the line I have to wait in to order slices.. but that's all my annoyance with life in general.. 

I love the cheese on the cheese pizza here.. BAM.. bc when it comes to pizza I'm all about the cheese and mustard combo.. since I don't really bother eating the rest of the pizza! and allegro does cheese well.. oh yeah
THIS REVIEW IS FOR DELIVERY ONLY

I've ordered form Allegro a few times, mostly from CampusFood.com, and I've been happy each and every time.

The first time I ordered a 16" pizza with pepperoni and extra cheese. The extra cheese was a mistake. They are pretty serious about their cheese in the first place, and going for extra will have your pie swimming in it. Don't get me wrong, though, I'm not faulting them or anything... I probably should have asked, or gone with regular cheese and worked my way up. Oh well.

The second time I was at a sort of pregame dinner function with about 7 or 8 people... We all ordered different stuff, and the delivery person from Allegro was downstairs 30 minutes later, with our entire diverse order accurately (and inexpensively) filled. I was quite impressed.

The last time, which was four nights ago, I decided to go for the gold and order the 28" pizza. OH MY GOD WHAT A GIGANTIC PIZZA!!! The largest pizza I had previously ordered (from Enzo's in Westwood Village, Los Angeles, if you're wondering) was 23" and I could usually put it away in 2 or 3 days... Well, I still haven't finished the 28-incher. After doing some quick calculations, I now know that a pizza 28 inches in diameter contains approximately 615 square inches of cheesey deliciousness. Compare that to a 23 inch pizza, which has around 415. Whoa. That's geometry for you.

BOTTOM LINE: Solid pizza, accurate and fast delivery, easy to order through CampusFood, enormous 615 square inch pizza.
With three stars, it might seem like this will be a bad review, but I actually love and regularly order Allegro pizza - it's just important to have the right expectations going in. Allegro is good for "college pizza" - late night, not-much-else-is-open, dependable kind of pizza. I usually get a large cheese, and every single time have had to re-cook it in my oven at home because the dough is still soft. Once re-cooked, it's great! They're really generous with the cheese, and the crust is thin without being insubstantial. So if you want some solid late-night pizza, and don't mind the extra 10 min of recooking, Allegro is a good choice.
It's been about a year since the last time we ordered pizza from here and tonight reminded me why.

The menu actually excited me a little - there were different pizza options (regular, Sicilian, and Neapolitan) so we went with a 14" Allegro House Pizza and a 14" Neapolitan cheese (figured we'd add our own fresh basil). 

First of all, there was no difference between the dough. The only thing I could tell was fundamentally different between the two pizzas was the amount and type of cheese. What's the point of classifying your pizza differently on menu but not having any difference in reality? Quite bizarre. Marketing ploy I guess. Well you got me. 

Plus, most of the slices were just so poorly cut and oversized. Basically, I'm taking that as somebody couldn't take 5 seconds to cut the pizza well. That's just sloppy and it says "I don't care about this product that I'm making and selling." 

Toppings of the house pizza were pretty good but just way too much cheese for my liking. 

I really want to support the local pizza joints but I just can't find good reasons to at this point. Unfortunately in this case, increased cost does not equate to better product.
Carry over all the good things from my previous review...

Today I was in charge of procuring lunch for a medium-sized presentation/discussion at Penn Law, so I hopped on Campus Food at 11:15am and ordered four pizzas. The estimated delivery time is 45 minutes or less.

At exactly 12:00pm I get a call from the delivery man saying he is out front. I go out front to get the pizzas, and not only do I get four delicious pies, but I also get three bottles of soda for the low, low price of free. They also thoughtfully included plates, napkins, and cups. Plus, the delivery man sprinted ahead of me to help open both doors going back into the school!

I was incredibly impressed by the extra (and wholly unsolicited) steps Allegro took to ensure my lunch was a success. If you are ever considering a pizza lunch for your classmates or coworkers, do yourself a favor and order from Allegro.
Pros: 
- Convenient for when you're looking to feed an overworked sleep-deprived film crew at 6AM on a Sunday on a tight budget

Cons:
- Food is so bad that even overworked sleep-deprived film crew would rather starve 
- Eggs tasted like paper, toast tasted like cardboard, potatoes felt like decomposing fruits (not that I would know)

I cannot understand how they can mess up the most basic sides.. but hey, I guess they're not exactly known for their eggs, toast, and potatoes

Paying a bit more for Dunkin' Donuts sandwiches/croissants is much more worth it.
if you're black or if you're white n care about black people i'd avoid this place. a black woman in front of me in line was ignored and the person serving tried to literally go around her to serve me. also they kicked a black man out who was simply waiting for his order and chatting w another customer. the owner came over and told him to stop disrespecting folks and the people who he was talking to literally said he's not disrespecting them but the owner kicked him out anyhow
Slightly above average food and a decent selection of to go beer. That's pretty much the best and only way to sum up Allegro.

Since it's 1/2 a block away from Pi Lam I've found myself doing beer more often then food. The selection can be beyond average, especially when they have things like bottles of Grimbergen for a little more then $3 (compared to Foodery that's a steal). But beyond that it's pretty much your standard varieties that you'd expect from a pizza joint, maybe a tiny bit above.

As far as food goes you generally get what you pay for. But considering you can grab things like a chicken wing dinner with 2 sides for $7.50, and a pasta and clam sauce meal for two for just a little over $10, you also get a whole lot of it. Overall you'll definitely find better, but it suffices for the Penn area that it's in, especially when most of the food trucks close down.
This is really not a 5 star place. Not unless you're drunk and/or you want beer and the distributor is closed.

I've tried several different slices of pizza here. The sauce on the BBQ chicken was pretty sweet, almost overly so. And the chicken was dry, dry dry. Their tomato pie has been pretty bland every time I've gotten it. Not a lot of garlic or spices and the tomatoes aren't very fresh. The only redeeming slice I've had there so far has been the Buffalo chicken. The buffalo wing sauce on the pizza has a nice zip to it. That's about the only thing I"ll order if I go there.

Servicewise, yes the people there are very nice. They process your order, take your money and bam, your done. Kudos for efficiency.

As far as atmosphere, its on a college campus, so it gets loud when everyone is there. It doesn't help that they BLARE the TV sound night and day. Also, NEVER, never, never EVER go there during Spring Fling weekend. 

It's cheap and filling. Don't expect much more and you won't be disappointed.
We used to get pizza from Allegro's all the time when I attended Penn in the mid '90's.  It is not a holy grail by any stretch of the imagination, but they make a decent, greasy pie and sell 6 packs of beer - which is essential during graduate school.

It also feels somewhat safe in there - the UC area has improved alot in recent years - but I was there when McDeath and the Wawa on Chestnut had "hatchet man" out front.

Anyhow - a good place to order a quick pie to go.
The employees are all worthless and rude. Even before I ordered they ignored me for 5 minutes even though I was standing directly at the counter. After I finally ordered I waited for 10 minutes before asking what was taking so long. The workers all just shrugged me off and didn't ever make eye contact.

I had the bbq chicken pizza and it was amazing but I'll avoid the place since even the manager is an idiot.
Eating at Allegro's is like reruns of full house.  It's ok the first time but gets worse with each successive experience.  

Their regular cheese pizza sits on the border between mediocre and unacceptable.  Their specialty pizzas(such as the BBQ chicken and spinach tomato) are the saving grace's of the restaurant.  If it weren't for these items, I'm sure this place would've gone under.  

They go up to three stars from two because their drink selection is large and they sell booze.
University City's premier location for health violations and intoxicated undergraduates!

(Roaches. Oh my god, the roaches.)
Avoid this place.  The pineapple on the hawaiian pizza had obviously gone bad, and the people working here are not very bright.  Messed up order and tried to blame on the customer.  Also doesn't look like a very organized or clean kitchen.
Very crowded between 12-2 AM, usually full of drunk people but a slice of pizza is $3-4 which is quite overpriced in my opinion. The slices are decently large, but I would probs say it's more worth $2 or $2.50 instead. In terms of what to get, their Allegro's is good (mozzarella, spinach and cheese), their chicken bacon ranch is pretty good too :)
This is what Philadelphia food is about -- a corner restaurant with great pizza and great hoagies. 

My wife is a pizza connoisseur and she loved the  Allegro pizza.  The hoagie was far better than the cheese steak I had ingested on South Street the previous day.  The manager was friendly and helpful (could this be Philly?) and the cooks were friendly.  The prices were low and they had fountain soft drinks.  What's not to like?
I passed Allegro a few times, and finally decided to try it when I was craving pizza BAD and nothing else would suffice.  

I can say, I was not disappointed.  It was cheap, hot, and hit the spot.  The slices had just the right amount of grease and crispness (enough but not overkill).

They have a really nice beer selection that seems reasonably priced too.  

What more could a college kid ask for?  Cheap Pizza AND Beer?!?  Sure is better than a night of nasty beer pong in my opinion.
The prices are great, the flavor is awesome, but the delivery driver might want to be a bit more careful.  I've included pics from pizzas I ordered for a work lunch a couple of months ago. We had to make a few major adjustments to the toppings before presenting to the Chief Executives... (I have ordered from them since with no problem)

Still Allegro gets 4 stars from me for their good service, very nice salad, complimentary bread sticks & plates/utensils/napkins!
Phillie Cheese steak had no cheese. Low quality meat, bread and drippy sandwich.

Eggplant parmesan was inedible. Beneath the knot of cheese, the canned tomato sauce and the fortress of breading was a thin slice of eggplant so rubbery you literally could not cut with a knife. Everyone at the table marveled at how unsliceable it was.

I don't know how good the pizza is, but it sure couldn't be worse than what we were served.
Gotta give credit where it's due...

It's almost an obligation that every pizza place have some sort of "premium cheese fries" ...usually that means cheddar, mozzarella, swiss, bacon, and ranch/ceasar dressing give or take. Everybody has something like this with their own name attached... mega fries, super fries, ultimate fries, and in the case of Allegro... Allegro House Fries. 

Wow... in all my years Allegro is the only place that is SERIOUS about bacon. I really couldn't believe it. It's really cool that they got this right because I guess given the area... its "college food" and the only other guys who come anywhere close also had "college food" only Temple's campus. I've been out of Temple for years now so that other place is just a memory, but Allegro is here and now... and still in my neck of the woods. I'll have to get back here more often.
Allegro is falling off. I haven't been to this place in a year, and last weekend I was reminded by why. The pizza was not good to me. It was just blah. Went to go and wash my hands and the bathroom was filthy. I mean filthy. We decided to sit outside, hoping we'd get away from the chatter, but no. 

Two college kids followed us to these other tables and were busy running their mouths about people walking about and obviously going to parties. I know that we were outside but I don't want to hear your conversation. Annoying. Plus the tables hadn't been cleaned in like all day. 

I will not be returning for a long time.

Oh, yeah, I DID not like the pizza.
Ok so here's how I arrived at my rating of 4 stars:

2 stars for food

-1 star for service

+ 2 stars for selection of booze

-1 star for price of booze

-1 star for actually enforcing the limitation on how much booze you can buy.

+ 1 star for having a clean bathroom

-2 stars for turning into Greek Lady 2 and throwing out all the homeless guys that would drink 40's out of little plastic cups at 11am

+4 stars for having the most incredibly tacky chandelier I've ever seen in my life.


So there you have it... A four star restaurant!
I was in allegros for a slice last week for the first time in years. it has been remodeled and is much nicer looking though less warm and personal than the place I remember from buying all those hoagies and steel reserves.

Id say its probably the best pizza place on penn campus now that College Pizza is gone, but thats not exactly a high mark to achieve when you look at the competition. 

Allegro's is perfect for what it is, a convenient place for undergrads to get alcohol and food without having to leave the protective bubble, but if you want a great pizza in west philly head up to 50th and check out Dock Street.
I admit it. I like allegro . I like going there and experiencing it. I like drinking a Chimay with my pizza, as snotty and horrible as that is. But it is more expensive than average and pretty unfriendly - lacking the usual grubbiness and character that should be required for a local pizza joint, ESPECIALLY one housed in such a shiny building. Those things being said, I think that it is important to go there and eat the food. I would never get take-out from them. The pizza is just too expensive to be worth it, when there is the perfectly delicious (and significantly less pricey) Varsity Pizza a couple of blocks away. However, for people watching and beer, Allegro wins.
It seems that everyone in UC/West Philly has a insatiable taste for awful pizza because there isn't a "good" pie this side of the Schuylkill as far as I can tell, and as bad as that is, Allegro is among the worst.  And yet people rave about the likes of it, California and Village.

Is it that hard for someone to open a shop that serves a true thin crust that doesn't taste like stale cardboard and look like something a slow child made in 7th grade Home-Ec?

Do yourself a favor and either go into Center City to New York Pizza Department or maybe Lorenzo & Son on South Street, or get something other than a pizza.  Unless you're the part of the unwashed mass that can't wait to chase down your cheeze drywall with a warm Natty Ice.
Just got off the phone with a "manager" who was incredibly rude about a delivery order I placed over 2 hours ago. The order never showed up, although we called 30 minutes ago and was told it was "on the way" The manager explained that there was a mistake in the restaurant and the Grubhub order was never rung in the system and that they will cancel the order. When I asked if I would be compensated for their mess up, and told him we were still hungry and waiting for our food, he told me there is nothing he can do and they don't give out free food. I told him they are losing a customer and he didn't seem to care! Will never order from them again.
By far the most mediocre pizza I've ever had. If you are on campus and perhaps drunk, then it's a great spot. Optimal drunk food. However, if you're sober, prepare for a usually long line, and a super mediocre, slightly stale slice of pizza.
This is the only pizza my wife will eat, so I have to give it a 5. It's true that we tried to order pizza from a few other places around here and they were all awful, so I guess this place is King Kong of West Philly pizza for the time being.

Even though I am giving this place a 5, I've got to warn you that the chicken they use on their pizza is pretty disgusting. We only ordered it once and it was revolting. We usually get pepperoni, though, and that's always quality.

The chicken Caesar salad is decent, though, so maybe this was a one-time thing. I'm not going to risk $25 to find out.

The mozzarella sticks are good. The chicken fingers are awesome. I got a burger once and it was pretty decent. 

This is our place--we're loyal to it.
When I came to school, everyone raved about allegros for some reason so I was excited.  Sadly, pizza sucks.  Pasta sucks.  It's just bad.
Order from dominos or papa johns.  It's better.
Before this place changed management last summer, I loved this pizza place. The pizza was delicious and reasonably priced. The other items like cheesesteaks and sandwiches were delicious. And their fries were perfectly crunchy.

Now...after the management change, this place is nothing special. Sure the place is more spruced up with marble floors and a huge beer selection. Besides this, the prices went up, the quality went down a little bit. Now its not worth my while. It still is a popular pizza place, but no longer my favorite, though I am still a fan of their garlic knots. I'd say it is a hit or miss.
I have only experienced the delivery-side of this restaurant. The food arrived 1 hour and 45 minutes after placing the order. My hoagie was soggy, and my fries were ice-cold.

Do not order from here on saturday nights.
I really like the food here. Extremely fast delivery and good service anytime I've order. However, nothing is ever really flavorful or seasoned very well. I literally have to go home and add seasonings to whatever I buy because the flavor is so bland. So strange. But once again, the food is well made and fresh. So hey. Win some lose some.
Great late night hang out spot for college students! You're served fast and given very generous portions as well. Although it does get a bit crowded and noisy, that is only to be expected given their location. 

I ordered wings and a side of fries. Both were very standard in taste, though they were not bland. Regardless of the flavor, they do give you a lot of food. If you ask for an order of fries, they fill an entire rectangular Styrofoam container full of them. In terms of drinks, (quite surprisingly)they have an extensive beer selection. 
I will definitely be back here and highly recommend this place to any Penn or Drexel student before and after the party!
Granted I don't eat cheese so reviwing a pizza joint is a little off, but myself and all the other vegans and ex-vegans I know swear by the alegro tomato pie. It's fricken delicious. Beare in mind this place in university city so your going to have to put up with more drunk jocks then you can shake a stick at but hey if you can't beat 'em join 'em...alegros sells beer.
Allegro's is great. The pizza is really cheap, and lightning fast. My favorite was the sicilian, followed by the, uh, meaty kind, followed in a close third by anything stuffed (sometimes the centers were cold). They also sell beer, but I can't comment much on that because when I lived in Philadelphia I was under 21.
The only downside is the service (occasionally rude) and the constant crazies that hang out there talking to themselves.
I love this place!  I don't eat pizza often, but when I do, I go to Allegro's.  I'm a Penn student and also on the board for Big Brothers Big Sisters.  I've been a loyal customer for 4 years and counting: always coming here with my friends for a great pizza that's affordable and delicious for dinner or late night.  

Today, I sat down with the manager for the first time and he was more than willing to help us cater our BBBS community pasta dinner that we're hosting later this month.  He was extremely amicable and generous, which gives me faith in the community we have in University City.  

Thanks so much, you guys are the best.
This place is an above-average, but not exceptional pizza place.  As much as I love Philly significantly more than New York, and think Philly is a bastion of high food culture whereas New York is a sinkhole of overpriced junk, New York does Pizza better than Philly, and New Haven, CT absolutely owns Philly.  So the bar is set lower.

This is one of the better pizza places I've found in Philly, but compared against the other non-pizza restaurants in the surrounding neighborhood, many of which earn their five stars, this one falls short.

It's very good, but the pizza just isn't as good as it could be.  Every time I sink my teeth into a slice of pizza here, I am heartily satisfied.  The ingredients are fresh, it's not too greasy...but...it just doesn't wow me.  It isn't an otherworldy experience.  And...in the Philly metro, up the road in the north 'burbs, is Jules Thin Crust, which costs only a bit more per slice, and does wow me like this.  And...up in New York and New Haven, CT, there are lots of places that look superficially like this one, but also wow me like that.  I need that experience of awesomeness before I dole out the fifth star.

Other things that this place has going for it though are a great beer selection, really great location, a friendly staff, and the fact it's open late at night.

This place will make you say "heck yeah" when you are hungry and want a place to get good pizza and beer, but it won't knock your socks off if you're looking for the best gourmet pizza around.
I did not grow on the froufrou pizza that so many place serve these days, so I still love a hand tossed crust with cheese and sauce, and maybe some pepperoni to spice it up. That's what you get here, simple and traditional. If you decide you want to eat in, it has the feel of a real pizzeria, not a trendy restaurant that makes pizza. If you are looking for something good and traditional, I can't think of anywhere better in the University City area.
I just experienced an annoying series of events with Allegro's Pizza.  Sunday night (5/31/2009) we placed a delivery order, which we do about once a week.  One of the items we ordered was chicken fingers.  When they arrived, my partner opened up the chicken container and recoiled at the smell.  I sniffed them, and they smelled rancid, like fish gone bad.  I immediately called them and asked to speak with a manager.  I was told that there was no manager on site.  I told the person on the phone about the rancid chicken fingers.  They offered to bring out another order, but since our concern was that the oil they were using had gone bad, I told them I wasn't OK with that choice and requested a refund.  I was told that since I had paid by credit card, the only person who could do the refund was the manager.  Then I was told that my other option was that they could put a note on my accounting saying we were owed a free order of chicken fingers, but I didn't feel comfortable with that option, so they took my number and said they would have the manager call me back.  At that point we put the styrofoam container with the stinky chicken fingers in a ziploc bag in the refrigerator (as "evidence.")

After a couple of hours no one had called, so I called to find out what was going on.  I was told that a manager wouldn't be in until Monday at 11:00 a.m.  Around 3:00 p.m. on Monday I called and asked to speak with a manager.  I was then told that the manager wasn't in until Tuesday.  I explained the problem to the person on the phone, and he asked me to hold on.  Then the line was disconnected.  I called back and asked if he had just hung up on me, and he said "No, I thought you said it was OK."  I said "No, I thought you asked me to hold."  He said "OK hold on," then in the background I heard him say "Matty, could you take this?" and he put me on hold for 10 minutes, at which point the line was disconnected again.  I called back, and the line was picked up then hung up immediately (they have caller ID).

I then called back on my cell phone and asked to speak with Matty.  This was the guy I had spoken to the night before.  I explained the situation, and he said "I offered to send someone out with your refund last night but you refused."  I told him that that option had not, in fact, been offered to me, and that I actually would be happy with that plan.  He then said "But what about the chicken fingers?"  I told him we had saved them and would be happy to give them back, which surprised him.  He looked at my account and said belligerently, "I see you've ordered them in the past and never had a problem."  I said, "Exactly my point!  If you get food that smells like rotten fish, would you eat it?"  He reluctantly agreed that no, he wouldn't.

A few minutes later the delivery guy showed up with my refund in cash, and I handed him the chicken fingers.  The delivery guy then said "They said they won't take your orders anymore."  I shrugged and said "Fine with me."  I mean, we're moving in a month, so who cares, right?  But still... WTF?  We've been regular customers of theirs for YEARS, and the one time we have a problem, we're given the runaround and are told we can't order from them anymore?  At no point did I yell or curse at them.  While I didn't hide the fact that I was annoyed, I dealt with them in a professional manner.  I'm disgusted with their behavior.  It's a shame that they have the best (to my tastes) pizza & strombolis available for delivery in University City.
Have you ever ordered a pizza that was so gigantic that it literally couldn't fit through your door? No? Time to call Allegro's. This 28 inch monstrosity is not only one of the biggest pies in Philadelphia, it's one of the best (and it's under $25). Their regular sized pies are just as fresh and good, but really, can you ever have enough of a good thing? If you aren't in a pizza mood they have a wide variety of italian entrees which are outstanding (I'd do unspeakable things for the Penne Alfredo), and the serving sizes are more than generous. Each entree comes with a garlic knot and a salad, or soup (go with the soup!), and I can promise you that if you eat your side soup/salad before the entree first will have enough left over for a complete second meal.

Maybe italian isn't your thing, no worries, just order a hoagie or a chicken Caesar Salad (choose the salad!) and prepare to be blown away. My fiancee and I made the mistake of getting a grilled chicken Caesar for each of us once and immediately regretted our decision due to how big they were. One salad can EASILY feed two people (with leftovers) and if they put less than two chicken breasts on top I'd be surprised. The lettuce was crisp, the vegetables flavorful, the cheese was freshly grated, and the chicken was perfectly marinated. Allegro's beer selection is very respectable and reasonably priced and is the perfect compliment to their food.

Easily one of the best Pizzerias in all of "University City" (West Philly) and definitely the best delivery place, highly recommend you try it at least once.
I actually really enjoy their pizza here, it reminds me of the dollar pizzas I used to get growing up in New York. So I dare say it tastes like New York pizza. I like a good thin floppy crust with extra cheese, but that's my preference.
I'm a little surprised at Alegro's lack of Yelps.  I love this place!  I used to go to Alegro for slices and a beer and sometimes for a study break to watch a bit of an Eagles game.  Given the variety of quality slices on offer, the reasonable beer selection, and the fun, casual and local atmosphere, I'm almost tempted to give Alegro that coveted fifth star!
The tomato pie is delicious, which is why i come back.  Although sometimes they do not have very many slices available and tend to push the other more expensive pizzas.  
Also, a convenient place to pick up beer while seeing a show at pilam (byobooz).  They seem to play country music alot, which is strange, but usually there's a good sized crowd watching the tv.
I have never eaten here, and being on the Penn Campus I am always wary walking through the door. Last week, it was a pretention Penn hipster fest and it was actually causing me physical pain standing next to a girl as she complained about the quality of clothing at Nordstrom. This is the crowd.

So I stopin to mix a six, and thye have occasionally interesting specials, like a free glass if you get a certain brewer. Anyway, we're building a pumpkin beer tasting party and were able to find exactly 6 here. Thought you should know. Also, they carry Mythos, which isn't too hard to find, but if you are greek or have an affinity, it gives you a crappy reminiscent moment.
Allegro's is famous. They are on par with the pizza at La Val, a pizza restaurant adjacent to UC-Berkeley, which this past weekend during the commencement ceremonies I found out for the first time is the greatest public university in the world. jk I here someone say this every fucking day.

Allegro's has amazing pizza and beer. They have a do-it-yourself beer fridge where the beers are clearly priced, and you pick a beer. I prefer Red Stripe. Red Stripe. It's beer. HOORAYYY beer!

Allegro's is the ideal place to be at during the drunk hours on the weekend. All the neon sorostitutes come in and enjoy pizza among the skinny bros of Delta Upsilon, also known as Delta Oops I joined the wrong frat because all the dudes are dorks.

Allegro's serves HOT brick oven pizza.
One of the "better" pizza places in UC, which means almost nothing as every slice of pizza I had in my 5 years in UC was pretty bad.  This was the place we ordered from the most during ugrad and it was the place that Penn orders from for most of their "corporate" pizza-events.  

A recent trip back reaffirmed the mediocrity.  2.5 stars.
I'm disappointed this place average is 3 stars. I won't give this place a 5 just because I don't come here enough, it's a treat to me.

The pizza might be the best pizza in University City that is open late, delivers, has BEER!, and is not that expensive. The selection is always great for those who get slices. The service is better than any other fast food place in Philly, they're fast, efficient and ARE NOT RUDE!!! just for that maybe it should be 5 stars... 

They have outdoor seating, always a plus... BUT you can't take beer outside... booo! I understand why it's just sad. The food tastes pretty damn good and their cheesesteaks are more than filling... don't order a side of fries unless you're starving. I forgot how big they are once, ordered fries and could not finish all my food. 

How could i forget to mention: free soda refills!
open late, reasonably priced, decent pie. everything about this food is average but it'll get the job done. 
pizza criticism- the crust is way too doughy and it's horrible leftover (coming from someone who loves cold leftover pizza!)

The white pie with ricotta, spinach and tomato is probably their best bet if you like that style.
Lol if you want to wait an hour for wings then I guess you've found the right place or for them to tell you they didn't have any cheese for cheese fries
Great pizza, wings, stromboli, cheesesteaks, and service. Plus the convenience of online delivery. That's why I've ordered from hear multiple times over the past two years and will continue to do so. The food delivers fast and the delivery people always seem happy.  I've never eaten inside, but my girlfriend and I stopped in quick for a bottle of water and the restaurant looked neat and clean inside.
We ordered pizza here based on a recommendation for a friend. We made the mistake of doing delivery. The pizza when it arrived was nearly cold...not even warm. The order was correct at least. Also, the pizza (2 toppings on each side) with delivery & 20% tip ended up being almost $28 for 1 large pizza. All that said, if the pizza were a bit more affordable and I picked it up myself, I would venture to say it would be a pretty good pizza. There are too many options in the neighborhood to try it again though.
Okay... the fries (although many in number) hurt my mouth and bent the hell out of my forks. Maybe that's why they gave me 3 forks? The steak I had was alright... nothing to get excited about. The meat is chunkier than what I'm used to... not as bad as Geno's, but not to far from it. My soda was refilled a few times. I think that kept me sane... I dig refills. I hadn't been to this place since I was a child. It had a completely different look back then. I'm thinking maybe I should've saved some money and gotten a couple of slices instead.

Anyway, I suppose it's a good place for the area and good for dining al-fresco.

And a miscellaneous gripe I have that there was a broken chair at my table. I'm so glad I spotted it or I might've been sittin on the floor. The right side was hanging by a "thread" from the rest of it. Not cool at ALL!
Let me say that I haven't dined in much at Allegro. Most times the pizza was either delivered or it was a take out. I really like their Greek pizza, large size is a good deal for the price. The veg pizza is ok.. Haven't tried any others as I am a vegetarian. Is it the best pizza place? No, but if I have a pizza craving I would rather buy from them than papa johns or dominos any day!
I eat/order from this place at least twice a week. The cheese ravioli is great. The spinach and tomato white pizza is unreal. Best place on campus for drunk munchies. Not bad when one is sober.
Ode on a Distant Prospect of Allegro Pizza

Ye killer slices, ye tomato pie,
that I ate on Wednesday nights,
when I should have been eating at
the dining hall (eek, what a fright!)

Ah, but you didn't hurt my wallet 
and you saved me lots of time
cause your line moves super quickly
and you have a great selection of beer

(which means I don't have to go to the beer store, 
which is way down on 43rd street---
and, oh, what a drag.)
Yeah I never hear good things about this place, but every time I come to Philly I find a way to drop by. Last time, I walked through the pouring rain, dragging 3 of my friends with me to eat their tomato pie, the crust just melts in my mouth. Their new york slice of cheese, and other toppings are good too and the guys behind the counter are always so courteous. It's the trustiest cheese slice closest to Pittsburgh that I know of, so I go to allegros like a safe haven when I get out of that city.
I gave them four stars because this establishment is very transparent in what you get: a college student centered, late night pizza. The cheese pizza was pretty good, a little undercooked, but again this place serves its purpose. Cheap and pretty good.
I was trying to support a small business, but don't waste your time ordering pizza. I asked for vegetarian slice and a extra cheese slice. This is the foolery I received. I could've slapped Kraft cheese and peppers on my own pizza instead of paying for this to be delivered.
This place is an institution for Penn kids, mostly because it's the most practical place to get beer after 11 PM on a weekday thanks to Pennsylvania's draconian alcohol laws.  

I have never eaten pizza here sober, and even when I'm drunk it's been very, very average.  I'd actually recommend their chicken parm plate - it's huge, reasonably priced, and doesn't suck.  Their beer is pretty extensive, though it's definitely pricey because they have the monopoly on drunk college kids.  If you're underage, make sure you have a good fake (and memorize the information too, they'll ask) or they'll take it away.   If they do take it away, play nice, because sometimes they'll give it back the next day.
Don't expect super friendly service but the food is usually really good (Although the garlic knots just taste like bread). Love the bbq chicken.
This is one of my favorite places to go on campus! Not only is their pizza really good, but the service is great and the staff is very friendly. They do a lot to cater to college students, and by popular demand they are the number one place I turn to when I'm organizing club events. They are very affordable for the quality of the food and they have been a huge help when I'm looking to feed people on a budget! We're lucky to have them as part of the Penn community and I will definitely be a loyal customer as long as I'm here.
Ordered delivery for two pizzas and a side of mozzarella sticks. One large 16 inch bbq pizza and one regular 14 inch veg pizza. Received a wrong sized pie. Called the restaurant immediately to see if they could correct the mistake. Gentleman by the name of Valentino claimed to be the manager for "5yrs without a problem"  cursed me out and hung up on me after I asked him for his name repeatedly and if he could correct the mistake. Contacted grubhub's customer care service and I was told by Grubhub the restaurant would not send the correct item and that at the moment they were not able to refund me at that I would be contacted by via email. My order was 59dollars. They took my money, got my order wrong, refused to correct their mistake, cursed at me, and hung up on me. I will be pursuing my refund. Allegro's you can expect to hear from in the immediate future.
Ordered delivery from here. The First time: I received 2 pizzas instead of 3. The Second time: I ordered Fettuccine Alfredo (my fav)... and it was so DRY, I wanted to cry for it! Waste of money and delivery fees. Maybe sitting in the actual restaurant would prove different, since they rather not screw up in your face. But for now, NO BUENO.
I and two coworkers were working in West Philly, and someone recommended Allegro Pizza, so we went there.  The fare is typical Philly steak and pizza menu, but the execution is great and the portions are huge.  The large boli is enough for at least 2 (and maybe 4) people.  If you're in the Penn university neighborhood, stop in.  If you're not in the neighborhood, drive there.  Even at noon, we found (metered) street parking right away.  We dined outside on the sidewalk and watched the pedestrian traffic going by.
Garbage food and no regard for Covid. At least the service is horrible! This place is the pits.
I'm back!!!!!
My favorite place in university city. Great people, awesome food and service is the best !! My spot -your spot 
Price is truly easy on your pocket. Come with an appetite and leave satisfied..
Food safety seems to be a big problem for them. Ordered a Sicilian pizza only to have it delivered raw an hour later. Called back, and they said they'd send a new one, which showed up burnt on the edges, and raw in the middle, again. We tried to see if we could revive it in our own oven, but no luck. For $25, it was pretty disappointing. The other food we ordered was sub par, and we all ended up sick from it. Avoid at all costs.
A standard pizza shop with an outdoor seating area and a brunch menu? I must be in the twilight zone- atleast that's what I was thinking when a friend recommended this place. I came with a hungry group and we ordered a small feast though it did take them a lot longer than I would expect for a few riders of egg platters. Nonetheless they were nice and even bought our food to the table though this is an order at the counter kind of place. My friend I'd attempt to get true table service after our plates were delivered by requesting napkins, forks etc.. This was countered with a blank stare which kinda made me belly chuckle before reminding her that, "dude we're not at a restaurant, we're at the pizza shop". The price is all good. Stop by if you're in the nabe.
Pizza place on a college campus. They are used to doing high volume. Over the years, I've gotten the tomato pie and regular pizza. They make a party size one, which is a monster size. They also have take out beers and such. It's a nice addition for a pizza joint.
Jake is so on point here.  Allegro pizza is so tasty, and it is worth a couple of your hard earned dollars IF you are in the area already.  However, the clientele is entirely disturbing, regardless of whether it's students or non-students.  The only non-students who come here are weird or have issues with talking to themselves and whatnot.  Everyone here is weird right down to the staff, so thumbs down for a creepy, dirty atmosphere.  But the pizza's good!
