I really loved my first visit to Alpen Rose last week. The restaurant has a Clue library vibe going on and I enjoyed it! My husband and I were dining with his parents, who had already had a great experience previously. 

We really did it up, ordering both versions of the parker house rolls, the tomato salad, and the croquettes (a special) to start. We also tried the tuna carpaccio which was sent out by the kitchen. All of these were promising starts to the meal. 

My husband and his father split the beef wellington, which was massive and presented with a whole slicing performance at the table. The only issue is that the restaurant is rather small and a large party had to squeeze past to get to their table, so about twelve people walked by this steak on a giant rollaway as it sat there waiting to be served. It was a little bit awkward, so a little less pomp and circumstance might be better. 

My mother-in-law had the prime rib, which she declared to be the best prime rib she's ever had, which is definitely high praise! I had the filet which was exactly what I wanted. It went perfectly with our sides: mashed potatoes, roasted mushrooms, and onion rings (all delicious). I loved both of the house sauces on the table for adding a little kick! 

For dessert, we shared the baked alaska, coconut cream pie, and french press coffee. I loved the coffee service; everything was presented so beautifully! The coconut cream pie wasn't too heavy on the coconut and therefore was more cream than coconut. The crust was fantastic! But the baked alaska stole the show. It's lit on fire tableside and every component was spot on, especially the meringue. 

And now for my only complaint. Our server was very attentive, and he really knew the menu. That said, I ordered a non-alcoholic beverage, and I believe our server (incorrectly) assumed I was pregnant, because he made several unsolicited comments about the blue cheese in the tomato salad being pasteurized. Kind of awkward, especially since I was at a meal with my in-laws. Please don't make assumptions, servers (or anyone, actually)! That aside, this was a wonderful meal and definitely at the top of my list next time I'm craving a steak!
I made a reservation for this place as soon as I saw it was opening and I am glad I did. My boyfriend was surprised at my enthusiasm, since I am not much of a steak eater. That may be, but I do like a GOOD steak. This... this was beyond good. 

It's got a bit of a speakeasy feel to it. At first I thought they were closed. You have to ring the bell on a mostly unmarked door - the place is noted by a simple rose above the bell. A small window in the door pops open and the host to confirm you have a reservation and then you are let inside. 

Everything about the inside is sexy and classy feeling. Schulson doesn't play - the ambiance is amazing, just like all their other restaurants. The service was flawless. At a place of this caliber, that is expected but not always the case. I appreciated never having to ask for water or wine refills.  

As for the food, we started with the bone marrow toast. It was excellent although not quite what I was expecting. There was pulled pork on the toast and the marrow is put on top as a sort of finishing butter. We were disappointed that potato skins were not available the night we were there but the onion rings were a good alternative. I had the filet mignon which was cooked perfectly medium well-ish. My boyfriend had the ribeye which was also delicious. Their homemade steak sauce was a great accompaniment. 

This is by far my best steakhouse meal yet. 

Move over every other steakhouse in the city... Alpen Rose has you beat.
Absolutely wonderful steakhouse experience, especially for people who don't love the whole steakhouse vibe. This place is sooo cute and cozy, reminds me more of an dark and cozy Italian restaurant. The atmosphere is perfect for an intimate dinner with a few people or a date. Because the place is so nice and small it has the nicest atmosphere, especially with the large brick oven in the middle. We had great service and all of the food was wonderful. The branzino was the best and freshest I've ever had, they also have amazing mashed potatoes and defiantly get the fresh bread! The desserts were good but nothing crazy, we loved the fun presentation though. This is such a perfect addition to Philly's steakhouse rotation.
I made a 5:15 reservation for a Tuesday about two weeks in advance. I went with my SO and we celebrated our anniversary. 

If you've never been before, Alpen Rose is next to Double Knot, with a locked door and a buzzer to get in. We were immediately greeted with a "Happy Anniversary" and seated right away. 

Our server was amazing! He gave us a tour of the menu and shared his recommendations. We started with complimentary champagne (a gift for our anniversary - so nice) and ordered the octopus salad and parkerhouse rolls (half and half). I am not an octopus fan, but the salad was delicious! Even the fingerling potatoes were well seasoned. 

We ordered a round of cocktails - No. 24 and No. 76 - both delicious! 

For dinner, we split the 32 oz porterhouse with sides of the onion rings, potato wedges, and the creamed spinach. The creamed spinach was easily my favorite of the three, which I was not expecting! The bread crumbs add an amazing layer of texture. The steak was incredible! It was cut from the bone table-side and the first bite was so tender and flavorful. We overheard someone saying they were going to use their rolls to make filet sandwiches and we stole the idea - SO good! The darker steak sauce was great on the sandwich. 

We were too full for dessert, but our server brought out small bite size treats for us with a sparkler! I am so excited to come back again.
Alpen Rose is not like any other steakhouse you have ever been to. It's so, so much better. If you're looking for a special occasion place or to impress a date or to eat very delicious steak, make a reservation!

The exterior is unassuming, and you have to ring a doorbell. A tiny window opens and a head appears as if you've finally reached the Emerald City in the Wizard of Oz. The interior is dark, romantic, intimate, full of books and fancy chandeliers. 

The service is impeccable and the cocktails and food are incredible.  For 2 we got (too much food): 
-roast beef (served with little cornichons and crunchy breadcrumbs, the kitchen sent this out and we would not have ordered it but it was very good, definitely the fanciest roast beef you'll ever have)
-tuna carpacio (pounded so thin you can still see the flowers on the plate, served with chips an capers and absolutely delicious)
- octopus (comes on a bed of frisee and potatoes. Almost more of a salad, wish there was more octopus!)
-bone marrow with veal cheek toast (very good and very rich, highly recommend, could also be split between 2-4 people (and they'll cut it for you))
-rohan dry aged duck (very large portion buy cooked perfectly, served with an orange sauce and 2 legs, could definitely be split between 2 as the only protein, or 3-4 people with some other proteins)
- filet mignon (came smothered in confit garlic and one of the best steaks I've had. They cut it for us since they knew we were sharing. Also don't forget their house made steak sauces!)
-shishito peppers (loved the garlic and green goddess dressing)
- baked alaska (shortbread crust, lemon sorbet, vanilla ice cream, meringue, set on fire and spun around for quite a spectacle. Leave room for dessert!)

The waiters kept saying the portions were small but we thought everything was a pretty sizeable portion. We could probably have ordered one less appetizer and 1 less protein and still been satisfied. They bring out 4 tiny desserts which is great if you're too full for dessert but want to end with something sweet- we had a pistachio cake and a macaroon.

I would love to come back for the tomahawk dry aged steak that's cut tableside it was huge! Need to come back with more friends next time.

The bill was not cheap. We went all out with a bottle of wine (Pro-tip you can buy a bottle of the wine they have by the glass for much cheaper than the other bottles listed- our Cabernet Franc was $55, most other bottles were in the triple digits) and slightly too much food and it was $150 each. You could probably get out of there for a bit less if you're less of a lush or order more reasonably but this is definitely a special occasion type place! Highly highly recommend!
4.5 Stars.

New restaurant in town. Very dim and tiny inside. There's not that many seatings and only 4 seats available at the bar area. Make sure you make reservations! 

I made reservations but it was still only bar seating option so.... yeah. If you want a table make sure you make the reservation as soon as you know unless you don't mind eating late and waiting for a table.

All of the staff were super friendly! The food was amazing. We ordered the Bone marrow toast and Parker house bread (I think that's the name. It's basically dinner rolls). Both were delicious!

Our main entree was the Dry aged porterhouse - medium raw. So worth it! They even cut/slice it on front of you too.
My only issue would be the heat. I was genuinely surprised to learn that more thought hadn't been given to ventilation, air circulation and/or temperature during the dining experience. Yes, to be sure - great care/concentration has been paid to the food; preparation, execution and service are exemplary. Both my guest and I sat next to a couple we didn't know. The four of us struck up a conversation and immediately bonded over our shared discomfort with the temperature. To be clear - the east coast has been in the middle of a heat wave. This, however, isn't rocket science. Get this - the heat was so bad, our bartender (Nathan) who was excellent - offered both an extra napkin for the four of us to wipe our brow - and an *explanation as to why it was so warm. "You know," he said earnestly, "this was actually a retail space and former electronics repair shop. It wasn't built with an air unit for the grill. That's why it can be tough keeping it cool in here." 
No. Seriously. He tried to EXPLAIN the heat 
I genuinely appreciated the gesture. But, but, but my immediate thought was, "OMG, they know it's too warm & now staff has to offer reasons why it's too warm. What an unfair position to be in." 
Here's the deal: if you're installing a grill or whatever into a former *retail space, why not get an air unit that compliments? Guest comfort shouldn't be an afterthought, IMHO. Particularly in a city like Philly where there is legit competition for OVERALL quality, taste & guest experience. Right?? 
The food - excellent. 
The cocktails - creative, fun, festive. 
The service and team - among the best in Philly hands down (Butcher/The Love & Schulson's Double Knot - each Are on that list too).
The ONLY thing that kept this from being one of the best dining experiences it could've been, was the heat. We were all so ridiculously uncomfortable. 
Listen, other restaurants of their ilk have found a way to keep the dining room below 80, Alpen Rose must figure out the same or I expect other diners to make different choices depending on weather. Nick
So amazing! Not sure why I'm such a sucker for the speakeasy vibe, but having to ring a bell and then witnessing the host open a cutout of the door to ask if we had reservations was awesome. And the experience just got better by the minute. My wife and I had reservations for my birthday, and we were seated promptly by a very kind hostess. The place is so quaint and comforting. It has an old English library vibe. Our server could not have been more kind and informed. He had such a passion for the food, which made me more excited to try everything. 

I ordered a bourbon cocktail, which was amazing. My wife and I got the thick cut bacon, octopus salad, and bone marrow toast for appetizers. Everything was beyond delicious, but the bone marrow toast was one of the most amazing things I ever tasted. The toast had an amazing shredded veal on it, and when I scooped up the bone marrow and applied it to the toast, magic happened. If you're a meat lover, I swear this is one of the best bites of food you could imagine. Serious flavor that I will never forget. 

The server brought out roasted garlic, which is really what every meal needs. He saw how quickly I devoured it and brought me a bunch more throughout my meal. I wanted to hug him but restrained myself. 

For dinner I ordered the bone-in ribeye, cooked medium. My wife got the filet mignon. For sides, we ordered the wedges and cream of spinach. I cannot explain in words how excellent everything was. The steaks were just perfect. They were aged for 25 days, which came through in the flavor and texture. The steak was cooked to perfection, with a perfect char from the wood fire. My wife really enjoyed her steak too. The wedges were some of the best in the city. The cream of spinach was by far the best I ever had. 

I also had an amazing cabernet franc with my steak. They have a very good wine list. This was one of the best meals I ever had. This would be the meal I would want in Heaven. You have to try this place. Book ahead and order everything I did. It will be blissful.
A truly amazing experience and one that I high recommend.  An excellent date night, double date spot, or a guys night out place.

Let me stress that you'll need a reservation.  We arrived early and figured we'd just sit at the bar. There are only four bar seats and they also require reservation. Luckily, they escorted us to Double Knot, via a cool maybe secret connector, to relax while we waited. That also allows me to begin describing the great service, as they found us at Double Knot to escort us back once the remainder our party arrived and our table was ready! 

Even with a starting drink at Double Knot, I still recommend grabbing one.  We started with the No. 21 (similar to an old fashioned) and a No. 15.  I preferred my 21 but believe both did the trick nicely.

We split a handful of apps including the Octopus, Bone Marrow Toast, and Beef Tongue.  The beef tongue was far and away the winner.  Man, I wish they could throw it on rye and make a sandwich (as it would be the best sandwich of my life). The octopus was good but felt it might have been a bit light on octopus.  The bone marrow toast was also excellent.  Sliced for the number at the table, the toast had plenty of beef to support the bone filled with marrow for the scooping.  I've had bone marrow before and think the addition of the beef cheek really stood out.

For the table, we split the 45 oz Tomahawk and ordered a few veggies (broccoli and creamed corn) to round out the meal.  The tomahawk is cooked to order, with chef's advice provided, and cut for you at the table.  It comes with roasted garlic and I advise asking for extra immediately.  The tomahawk was everything we thought it would be.  The veggies were decent, but no matter how I described the creamed corn, you wouldn't be coming here for it alone.  Bring friends, get the Tomahawk.

I'll close by saying the location is a great, intimate setting.  Seating is limited.  Service is fabulous.  You'll feel well taken care of while having plenty of room to talk.  I felt like we were the only people there (both when we needed the service and when we wanted our space). I'll be booking for a return soon enough.
What an experience!!

Truly one of the better fine dining/steakhouse experiences you'll find in the city. 

The restaurant had a warm and inviting atmosphere, with it all being pretty much finished with rich wood fixtures and tones. Pretty romantic, dimmed lighting, candles, etc. Where we sat, it was like a mini wrap around booth with pillows - really comfortable!

Also, most of the restaurant gives you views of their bar and grill top, which is cool to see. 

They have an impressive drink menu - very creative/unique offers. I appreciated their wine pours...I know that sounds like a minor detail, but they were heavy pours for the price. Another nice note that ties in the service; after my first cocktail I had asked for a wine with my meal. I didnt have one in mind, so they offered to pair, and they didnt pick the most expensive wine and it was a great match beyond that! 

We ordered the smoked bone marrow, clover roll, and crispy onion for appetizers. The bone marrow was really tasty, and presented well with salsa verde. Tons of flavor! Their roll was top notch - served with honey butter, that just melts and seeps into the crevices of the bread - mouth watering. 

For entrees, I ordered the grass fed filet. Had it cooked medium rare. It was cooked really well, and I thought it was served in a cool way. It came out on a large wood serving tray, and on the side it had roasted garlic, pickled shallot and tallow that you could swipe the meat through. So it was like having different styles of one plate if you tried each one separately. I had charred broccoli and pomme pure as sides too, and they were great. Especially the pomme pure - super creamy mashed potato, that paired well with every bite.

My wife is a vegetarian (bless her for going to these restaurants with me,) so she had the mac & cheese along with forest mushrooms. Both of these were delicious.

All in all, it was a great time and we would definitely go back.
Went here for dinner on Wednesday night (I think that's the first night they were open?)  Great dining experience overall.  I had the 18 oz boneless ribeye and it was delicious - definitely one of the best I've had in the city (and I've been to all of the top tier steakhouses.)  My wife had the filet mignon which was also very good.  Cocktails were excellent as well.  We'll definitely be coming back.
What a memorable dining experience.

Michelle C captured the ambiance in her review, describing the intimate, mysterious space akin to a scene out of the popular board-game/movie, Clue. For those more familiar with the HBO series, Boardwalk Empire, Alpen Rose struck me as an under the radar establishment where Nucky Thompson would entertain distinguished gangsters.

Ring the doorbell, a panel in the door opens, and you are granted entrance only if you have a reservation. There are maybe 12 tables total, with four additional seats at the rear corner bar. Hardbound novels scatter the shelves on either end of the single room. Three grand chandeliers descend from the ceiling. The decor truly evokes an exclusive, exquisite, prohibition-era vibe.

As far as the fare, this is a traditional steakhouse where all cuts are dry aged at least a month. My bone-in NY strip was served on a cutting board with nearly a bulbs worth of roasted, fragrant garlic. Looked amazing and tasted even better.

My girlfriend loved her filet, and we enjoyed our shareable sides - creamed spinach and beer battered onions rings. The cocktails are fun and complex, but not prohibitively expensive.

All said and told, we really savored our special occasion meal!
Schulson restaurants always find a way to make the customer feel special over the years. There's a sports bar down this alley next to the Asian fusion spot! There's an underground dining room in this elevated coffee shopt! This New American restaurant has an underground bowling alley! That Italian lunch spot we did lunch at has a whole larger restaurant downstairs! That's been the run-down for the empire, so far and you can now add "reservation STRONGLY suggested, entry only by doorman's discretion speakeasy/steakhouse hybrid" to the list 

Alpen Rose just opened and I stopped by on a whim. Staff members had warned me to make a reservation ahead of time, but I just happened to be in the neighborhood and hungry. First, you gotta ring the doorbell, 'cause the front door (with no sign, so if you know, you know...) is locked. My guest and I got lucky that tables opened up early, so we were welcomed into the cozy dining room that maybe seats 40. The bar is tucked off to the side, but the whole restaurant has a view of the open kitchen and its flame pit. 

Service was amazing top to bottom (the Schulson team called in their heavy hitters from the other restaurants for this opening stretch, so no "learning curve"; these are the best of the best running the show).  The drinks program is organized in layers of menus for cocktails, beer, and wine. The food program is similarly layered with multiple pages of options. As first-timers, It took a while to read through all the options, but the staff was helpful with their own suggestions and knowledge of the best-sellers. We went with the Beef Wellington (listed "for two", some of the ounces on the chop and steak menu was daunting)--amazingly tender and flavorful, the creamed spinach--rich, with just the right crunch from breadcrumbs, and the octopus salad--sous-vied and then grilled to lock in flavor while still providing a satisfying crunch. Drinks were great with a nice selection of whiskey cocktails with balanced flavor and booziness. After dinner coffee from next door Double Knot and some sweet bites served as dessert and by this point, we were stuffed. Alpen is off to a great start. Half of the fun is just getting in the door and the rest is traversing through the deep menu. You do pay for the experience, though so keep your budget in mind when you go.
The Tomahawk Ribeye is one serious steak. 38 ounces of dry-aged steak served with roasted garlic and pickled shallots. Aged for 45 days, the intense flavor from the perfect char on the outside and the super-juicy inside was outstanding. A Tomahawk is one of the more challenging steaks to prepare, so if they prepared it this well, you can expect the smaller steaks to be grilled to perfection. The steak was presented whole and slice tableside. My friend Tom and I were talking about how the place reminded him of Peter Luger's in Brooklyn. "Oh, we'll pit any of our steaks against Peter Luger's," our waiter challenged. I've had many ribeyes from the big chain places (Morton's, Smith & Wollensky, The Palm), but they weren't like this! We also had the Bone Marrow Toast and Oysters Rockefeller. The sliced bread in the Bone Marrow Toast was topped with a generous helping of beef cheeks braised in red wine. The bone marrow was glazed with something carmelized and sweet. Cracking it with a fork made a beautiful sound. I absolutely loved this dish and would've ordered two plates, one as an appetizer and the other as an entrée. The Oysters Rockefeller was good, but not as impressive as the bone marrow. The green herbs usually in a dish like this were replaced with what appeared to be creamed spinach. We were so creamed spinached out that we changed our creamed spinach side to mashed potatoes instead. The restaurant is small, but they made good use of the space. It feels bigger than it is and looks like a classic steakhouse. A small whiskey bar is in the rear. The kitchen is open air, but not open air enough where you could see the grilling.
This is the most pretentious restaurant I've been to anywhere in the world. The food was good enough, but the entire concept is ridiculous. First you have to ring a doorbell. Then a panel in the door opens, and a host waits for you to speak. If you have a reservation they open the door and usher you in. If not, they close the panel while they determine if they can accommodate you. 

Once inside, the decor signals the concept: a version of an old-fashioned men's club: all dark wood, tufted (pleather) banquettes, dim lighting. The servers are polite to the point of obsequiousness, and the descriptions of the menu items range from useful to totally unnecessary. Did I need to know the swordfish was harpoon caught? 

In a true fine-dining restaurant, the music- if any - is soft, and no plates are removed from the table while anyone still is eating. Not so at Alpen Rose. The next time I'm in Philadelphia, I'd rather get a sandwich at Wawa than spend my money at Alpen Rose.
This was quite a dining experience. I was informed that Alpen Rose offers  a unique, and unforgettable dining experience; if one is capable of securing a reservation, which is the reason why I stalked OpenTable all day Friday, to secure a 5:30 dinner reservation the next day. It was no easy task as this place is booked solid for months. 

The interesting and unique begins at the door upon arrival. Patrons ring the doorbell for entry and then they are greeted by a hostess through a panel on the door to confirm your reservation before being allowed to enter. I unfortunately did not get the opportunity to experience this prohibition style entry as previous diners were leaving the restaurant, and I walked in with my friend to join the other half our party.

Upon seating we were greeted by an awesome waiter who was more than happy to explain the concept behind the restaurant, made great suggestions, and made everything on the menu sound heavenly. Service kicked off with an amazing round of cocktails of their prohibition style drink menu; numbers only. We moved on to appetizers including 1/2 dozen of Japanese style oysters and bone-marrow toast. This was my first time sampling bone-marrow. I didn't think it was horrible, but I probably should have ordered more oysters. 

It was now time for the entree portion of our dining experience. My wife and I decided to go with a special our waiter sold us on, a over 40 day dry-aged Porterhouse for two. Based upon our experiences at other steakhouses this was not quite what we expected in regards to portion size. I could have eaten the porterhouse on my own. In regards to flavor, this quality cut of meat had a rich flavor that just melted in your mouth. My friend is a lobster lover, and orders it every time we dine out. She enjoyed it but it left her feeling a bit underwhelmed. The accompaniments were spot on; especially the roasted carrots...they were absolutely fantastic. The mashed potatoes... creamy and delicious! Onion Rings...creamy and delicious! 

We usually get dessert at another location but we planned on ordering the baked alaska before we even set foot inside the restaurant and it did not disappoint; in presentation or taste. We also ordered the chocolate cake. No disrespect to the prominent dessert at this establishment but the chocolate cake stole the show. We also ordered coffee with dessert. Okay it's coffee but, the entire set up with the French press, coffee cups, saucers, and sugar cubes had Alpen Rose style written all over it. 

I have already been stalking OpenTable for reservations for my birthday in a couple of weeks but there are is no availability, in addition to no baby sitter. This experience has me wanting experience the quality this establishment has to offer again.
I would  like to caveat this review by saying that our waitress was phenomenal. Our reservation was at 9:00 - when we arrived, we were informed our table was just finishing their dessert, and were asked to go next door to Double Knot to wait at the bar. This was not a problem, as the drinks there are good. We were not able to be seated until 9:30. Not that much of a big deal - it is a Friday night, so morale was good. We were greeted fairly quick by the waitress (who was phenomenal) who took our drink order. The drinks did not come out until around 10:00 (1 hour past reservation). We did not have anything on our table aside from the water, from 9:30-10:00. At 10:00, our drinks finally arrived, along with a complimentary appetizer for the long wait. The plate was glorified roast beef lunch meat, which, though delicious, was not a suitable make up for the hour delay. When our food came out, the filet was neither the right temperature nor the right cut. The best I could describe it would be a cheap cut of pot roast that you would cook in a crock pot all day long to be edible. When questioned, the waitress promptly requested replacement, and informed us that it was the end cut. This would not be as much of an issue if we were not paying $50 for the meat. Even after these noted issues, we were not greeted or approached by a manager, or even anyone pretending to be a manager. This was highly surprising. Most established restaurants would make it a point to speak to a table when they experience an issue. The meal was quite tasty, ambiance impressive, and waitress attentive, but for the cost, it was not quite worth it. We could be more satisfied with a meal at Del Frisco's or Capital Grille. If this restaurant wants to last, it will have to take a hard look at current practices.
Expected a five star experience and was underwhelmed.   Lighting was designed to be a "speak easy" with the smell of charcoal wafting through the restuarant, and instead, the food was average, the atmosphere was underwhelming, and the experience with the staff, was just average.  

We only wished it lived up to its hype.
Absolutely one of my favorite places in Philadelphia!

5/5 Service, 5/5 Food, 5/5 Ambiance. 

Definitely worth the price and I always have a good experience here. Make sure to make a reservation beforehand. Go up to the door and knock, and confirm your reservation to be let in! It feels like a whole different world when I go during the summer time, because outside may be bright and lively, but you go in and it is this mysterious, dark, but very calming ambiance. I have tried the porterhouse and Grass fed filet, which were both very good. They make me want to try all the other dry-aged beef, as well as everything else on the menu! The sides are portioned to share and they are absolutely delicious!
A very special meal.

My Family and I kind of have a gag going where we anticipate an upcoming birthday for at least an entire month ahead of the day. Out of all the restaurants out there I chose Alpen Rose as the spot to celebrate and it was a terrific dining experience.

Small venue with a lot of charm. All of the appetizers were spectacular and I was a little worried the main entre would disappoint after such a great buildup from the apps.

Prawns - Three magnificently seasoned prawns which if your as big of a fan of seafood / shrimp as me please get this app and this will be your litmus test on finding truly outstanding flavorful prawns.

Vegetable sides - Forrest Mushrooms - beautiful and delicious! Creamed Spinach - This was a hearty, more so on the bitter side, but ok choice for some healthy sides to incorporate into your meal. Potato Puree - I wasn't a huge fan of the potato puree however this was not my selection and I only grabbed one or two bites of the side. 

Beef Wellington - Very generous portion which they carve into two pieces tableside. The meat was unbelievably tender, melting in your mouth and wowza when I reheated the rest of it the next day was just as good! This dish used to be $110.00 for two about 1 1/2 years ago but now they offer it only as a entre for 1 at $74.00 (It is worth it in my opinion).

Ribeye - I was able to taste a few bites and the seasoning was great and meat delicious.

Prime Rib - Of course one of the parents ordered this medium well and nuff said. Don't order meat past medium people! Even the waiter said he would check with the kitchen if it would be OK to prepare the item medium well.

Banana Cream Pie - Amazingly fresh and a great dessert item offered. They only had three options for dessert and our party of three got two of the items.

Baked Alaska - The reason for a one star deduction. This item was drenched in what tasted like Bacardi 151. I understand you have to pour alcohol on the dessert to get it to have just majestic flames but it was inedible. I tried several attempts and the rest of our party agreed, it was unenjoyable due to the amount of liquor poured over the Baked Alaska.

As far as booze, ordered two of the No.76's which is a Vodka Rose trip that is terrific. One glass of a Ganache Spanish Red which was tremendous. I had to try the Chocolate bitters dessert drink even though I didn't need it as it sounded so good. It was ok but not what I was looking for in a chocolate drink and that's on me at least I know now.

So in summary yes this meal was probably the most expensive I ever had for a total party of 3 people at $500.00 but its a memory that will not be forgotten.

Highly Recommend if you are looking for ambiance and a great dining experience.

As always people SYOY!!!
My partner took me here for a romantic bday dinner just the two of us and it was absolutely amazing and perfect. The interior is so lovely, it looks like an elegant library with gorgeous floral dishware. We went all out on the sides and got the mac and cheese, potatoes, and onion rings as well as the bone marrow toast for an appetizer. 

I've never had bone marrow before and I can't believe I waited this long- it was so delicious, it melted in my mouth and went so well with with beef cheek on top of the crunchy toast- slightly sweet and so flavorful. The sides were all incredible- they were the best onion rings I've had hands down, and for once when I bit into one, the whole onion didn't fall out at once! The potatoes were perfectly crisped and the mac and cheese was the gooiest, cheesiest mac and cheese ever. 

For my main, I had the filet and it was so delicious- the sauce they give you to have with the steak is great but their steaks are so flavorful, you really don't need them. It was cooked to exactly the temperature I wanted and perfectly seasoned.

To drink with it all, I has the no. 17, which was a vodka drink with rose and wine; lightly sweet and super easy to drink (I might have drank it a little too fast if I'm being honest!)

The baked Alaska we had as dessert was also incredible. That lemon sorbet was lightly tart and went so well with the vanilla merengue.  

I could talk about how good this steakhouse was all day- it's currently my favorite and needs to be your top spot for a romantic date, celebration, or anything where you need to make someone feel special.

The service was amazing as well, the waitstaff was super friendly and really great at giving info and answering any questions about the menu/drinks. I'll be back again for sure!
If you enjoy a cozy, classy atmosphere, exceptional drinks and food, then Alpen Rose is the spot for you.

You must make reservations to dine here, even at the bar. The restaurant is unmarked except for the address. When you arrive, the door will be locked, so ring the buzzer. Someone will open a little peep-hole and ask for your reservation. In the moment, I felt a bit like I was on Peeky Blinders, about to enter into an underground gambling ring; however, once inside Rose, I was in awe - the immaculate decor, all the books - it looks like my grandfather's old study (if he were to have had a study).

We sat at the bar and had great service. Bar seats were comfy (they have backs on the chairs!) I ordered an exquisite cabernet and my husband had a dirty martini that he claimed was one of the best he's had. For the steak, we decided to split the Porterhouse. When it arrived, an employee cut it for us!!! I'm telling you - this steak was the real deal! Yes, it was $92, but it was perfection. 

For an after dinner drink, please get a white russian. It's insanely delicious and the cream froths on top of the liquor instead of being mixed in. 

Overall, I'm counting down to the next time we dine here. Exceptional on all levels!
Having lived in Philadelphia for the better part of a decade, I've spent my time and money feasting in this city. A byproduct of this is that people are always asking for restaurant recommendations. I always had answers for everything, except for this one question:

"What's the best steakhouse in Philadelphia?" 

To which I'd reply, "Go to Vernick and get the bone-in strip loin."

There was no "best steakhouse" because they were, and still are all ambiance factories. The steaks were good at best. But at 50+ a plate, the quality isn't there.

Enter Alpen Rose. Meats from Pat LaFrieda, butchered and dry-aged in house (key), and cooked in their wood-burning hearth. Pair this with , excellent non-steak menu items (looking at you Bone Marrow Toast), A+ cocktails, and a staff that is incredibly passionate, knowledgeable, and personable - what's not to like? This might be my favorite restaurant to eat meat at in the country aside from PL's in BK.

You should already be here.
Amazing meal here. One of the best restaurants I've been to and the service matched the quality of the food. The ambiance is impressive. Our waiter was very attentive and funny without being overbearing. Would recommend for special occasions or trying to impress. We got the beef Wellington, bone marrow toast, potatoes, and spinach - all fantastic
Great place! Highly recommend. Hostess, manager, waiter were all helpful and knowledgable. I advise you to listen to what the waiter recommends because they know their stuff. This is the only place that dry ages their steaks on site so you can't get this experience anywhere else in Philadelphia. Try to go for a cut that is soft and another cut that is more flavorful. We had the filet mignon and the ribeye combo and it was really good with the mushrooms. To end the night we had the strawberry rhubarb pie which was both tangy and sweet. We've been to most if not all of the major steak places in Philadelphia and there's something about this place that is very intimate in the way they prepare their dishes that makes it stand out above the others.
I wanted to love this place. We went for a business dinner and there were 8 of us. It's got a speakeasy vibe where you have to ring the doorbell to be let in.   The interior is beautiful, like a secret library. 

The appetizers were wonderful. The bone marrow is absolutely the best and you must get it. So flavorful.  The bacon was also good, although I wish it had been cooked a bit more crisp. 

3 of us decided to split the Tomahawk Ribeye. Seemingly more than enough meat for 3 ladies and ordered it medium rare. They are known for their in house dry aged beef so we were excited to try this. Other members of our party ordered different cuts - filets, prime rib.  When it came out they carved it tableside for us which was really cool. But then, the meat was terrible. I mean not tender, over cooked, dry, no marbling, and tasted burnt on the outside. It just tasted very weird. I cannot describe it because there was actually no flavor at all. It was chewy.  I called our server Dave over. I told him it tasted weird. He was like "what do you mean weird?" I explained the situation. He was apologetic. He left with the meat. And it took like 25 minutes to get a new steak. Our dining mates were done with dinner by that time. There was no trip to the table from the manager, I had to go and find him. It finally arrived. The middle slices were much better - more tender, flavor, everything I expected for ribeye. The outsides were still dry and over cooked. I would never order this again. For $125 piece of meat- the whole thing should be perfection. Melt in your mouth. I was really disappointed with not only our steak, but the lack of empathetic service at this seemingly high end restaurant.  They bought the 2 desserts we ordered to share.  That didn't really make up for it for me. 

The creamed spinach was great though.
Awesome experience at this new(2.5 months at the time of this post) Philly steakhouse. I'm sure soon to be very popular and hard to get reservations for. I love the 'speakeasy' type theme of this restaurant. There is no storefront branding outside, which can make finding Alpen Rose a bit of a challenge, but that's also part of the allure. Just a very nondescript wooden door with a single roseembellished on the outside. Very intimate and classy inside. The food was very good and the service was amazing. Jonathan was very knowledgable and attentive and took great care of us as we were there to celebrate my father's birthday. Great for celebrations. Great for dates. I will be returning and highly recommend this place.
Fantastic in every way! This is an elevated version of a steakhouse because it's intimate and elegant, yet comfortable and friendly. We thoroughly enjoyed the food and craft cockails -- and the service was exceptional. My husband loved the steak, and my absolute favorite was the branzino -- it was the first time I've ever had it served butterflied (deboned) and it was delicious. We weren't planning to have dessert...but  the Baked Alaska was wonderful. NOTE: Keep in mind this restaurant​ is very "under the radar" and you need to ring the doorbell for entry.
came here for my boyfriend's 30th birthday dinner and had a great steak dinner.

my big tip about eating here is to focus on the steak, don't fill up on too much other dishes because they're pretty average unfortunately

oysters - these weren't meaty as they were described and pretty below average. not worth it

bone marrow toast - this was tasty, but not enough bone marrow filling to toast ratio in my opinion. 

octopus - the octopus was overcooked, chewier than i like it. the rest of the dish was just greens and potatoes that were pretty average. 

mashed potatoes - a little bit on the saltier side 

broccoli w/ anchovy cream - this was dynamite. definitely a must side

i got the boneless rib eye medium rare and it was seasoned and cooked perfectly. the house sauces, i was also a fan of. the steak was flawless.
overall, when you come here focus on the dry aged steaks and don't fill up like i did on the other dishes.
Recently got to try Alpen Rose for my birthday (we had reservations last year that were canceled due to the pandemic) so this has been a long-time-coming visit! Everything was truly impeccable, from start to finish. The little touches, including having to be let in by ringing the outside doorbell is confusing yet charming and makes you feel really special as a guest. We were seated in a big comfy booth and had great/thoughtful service from start to finish. We had a round of drinks (that included fire at our table) and then went big and ordered just about everything we could on the menu: caesar salad, oysters, shrimp cocktail, octopus ceviche, and smoked bone marrow to start. For mains we had 2 filets, the root beer short rib, and a whole roasted fish. We also had a few sides (crispy onion, forest mushroom, charred broccoli, and roasti potato). I would say 90% of what we had absolutely blew our minds. The filet was the best I had ever had. The apps and side were all so delicious and different - they complemented the meal so well. The only disappointment for us was the root beer short rib. The flavors were ON POINT, but the meat itself was way too fatty for our liking. For dessert, we tried the chocolate cake, baked alaska, and banana cream pie (because why not?) and had coffee service served from a beautiful french press. This meal was totally over-the-top and not cheap, but it was a celebration and it was so worth it. 10/10 would come back and highly recommend to anyone and everyone!
Loved the speak easy vibe, had seats @ the bar. Nathan was working tonight, he was excellent, answered any questions we had and was just as amazed as we were when we found a pearl
In our oysters. Reservations only so the people in the restaurant want to be there and are not just hanging out. My wife and I had the tomahawk, potato wedges and creamed spinach. It was perfect and the in house chili sauce was awesome as well. We will definitely be back
I came here on a Tuesday night for a friend's birthday- it was me & my husband and another couple. Overall, we had a great time.

We arrived a few minutes prior to our reservation and were told our table wasn't quite ready yet so we went to Double Knot (amazing in it's own right, please go there) for a drink. We were lucky enough to snag a couple seats at the bar despite it being VERY crowded for a Tuesday. We were actually shocked at how crowded it was (maybe everyone wanted to catch a glimpse of the USA women's soccer team!?). I will say, the waitstaff at Alpen Rose was fantastic... We, unfortunately, were not seated until 35 minutes past our reservation time but the staff was sure to make up for it, bringing us a complimentary glass of champagne AND they comped an appetizer for us. That's one half star off my overall review although the service was definitely 5 stars.. throughout the evening every person we encountered was pleasant, helpful, and extremely attentive and knowledgeable. 

Once we were seated, I finally got to enjoy the ambiance. I loveee the prohibition era vibe, they even make you ring a doorbell to enter. The interior is beautifully done with gorgeous chandeliers (see photo), tiny yet gorgeous bar (4 seats?), and pretty, cozy booths. I love the dark wood and rich leather booth seats. The space is very intimate and is a great spot for a date! 

We started with the following:
1. tuna carpaccio - a beautiful, fine layer of delicious tuna served with perfectly crisped potato chips
2. shrimp cocktail - plump, firm and juicy shrimp. shrimp cocktail usually doesn't do much for me but this was definitely delicious. 
3. prawns- divine. truly. they were so buttery and delicious. the sherry is an interesting touch- i didn't LOVE it but I certainly understand why it's an accompaniment.
4. bone marrow toast- the winner of the night. the beef check on the toast is good alone and then you scrape some bone marrow on top: perfection.

For dinner I had a filet and my husband had the veal tomahawk. Both were very good. To be very honest, this wasn't THE best filet I've ever had but it was cooked perfectly and was still delicious (do not get me wrong, this was a delicious piece of meat). They have two sauces: steak sauce & chili sauce. the BEST filet I've ever had doesn't need sauce but I did feel like this one needed a little bit. I preferred the steak sauce with my particular piece of meat but the chili sauce was also great. The one bite of veal I had was tasty although I think I preferred my filet!

We ordered a few sides to go along with entrees:
1. mashed potatoes... I'm not a mashed potato fan so I can't really judge.
2. creamed spinach - good but I've had better (hint hint butcher & singer)
3. onion rings- easily the BEST onion ring I've ever had in my life. GET THESE.

We couldn't resist dessert, especially after I had seen someone else's baked alaska on my way to the bathroom. We had both the baked alaska and the banana split. I, truthfully, don't think I've ever had a baked alaska before but it was excellent and I ended up liking it even better than the banana split, which was still delicious. The bananas were every so slightly caramelized giving them a slight crunch. The strawberry ice cream was, by far, the best of the three. 

Overall, GREAT time and I would love to return. 

p.s. I read things about the temperature being off in there... but I did not notice it. I was comfortable my entire meal.  

p.p.s forgot to mention drinks: you can't go wrong with a schulson drink menu... enough said.
Absolutely fantastic meal! I must have walked by this restaurant dozens of times and never knew it was there. You need to ring the bell to get in and there isn't a sign on the door. The atmosphere feels speakeasy-esque inside.

The food was delicious. We shared the bone marrow toast and each ordered the duck and the ribeye. A pricey meal, but worth it.

A very nice date or special occasion restaurant.
Oh my goodness! The gayborhood has many gems along this unofficial 'restaurant row' and Alpen Rose is another. You would pass it if you didn't know so stop at the Great Dane statue. A tall slender man opened the mini door within the door as you must ring the bell to enter (oooh fancy!) and everyone is in mask (Hallelu!). Those handling food are doubled in face guards and masks. The food... we had octopus ceviche (delicious) salad with bacon jelly (yum) and let's not forget the shout out for No 3 and No 76 for those tequila and vodka enthusiasts. (I wouldn't steer you wrong). Cute ambiance too. Like a quiet library with very separate seating yet still cozy. First dates, any dates and def fun with friends. The food.... go for the steak (ribeye shown here). I ordered the short rib and would never again... too much fat (comparison below). The sides are delicious. I would get the Pomme Purée again for sure. The Mac and cheese was unique, not oooe gooey but solid aged cheese taste. I did enjoy the forest mushrooms and just add a salad to balance the ribeye I will certainly get next time. Maybe the beef Wellington. Go steak!  Oh the creamed spinach was solid. Not too creamy, gives you more of delicious spinach with breadcrumb crumbles and maybe that was parm cheese. But seriously go for the steak. Charred perfectly and not overwhelmingly so. Go steak I'm coming back. Servers were excellent. From the hostess to servers felt very special and felt welcomed.
We came here to celebrate DH's birthday. We loved the cool vibe of ringing the doorbell and having the hostess open the peekaboo panel to confirm our reservation! Sadly our table wasn't ready but we were giving a glass of complimentary champagne and escorted through the kitchen to a reserved table at double not while we waited! It was a nice touch and we would have been able to order some additional drinks or bites in the meantime!
When we finally were seated- we were sat at the intimate bar where a friendly bartender made great recommendations and conversation- he created a nice tasty mocktail for me as I am unable to have any sort of libation! You can find the selections in a small card catalog/Rolodex box on the bar too! Adorable!
The space was dark and straight out of an old school speak easy with the library flare- the dishes were mismatched grandmother type patterns but it all work together! It was very chic with a laidback vibe!
We ordered the following-beet salad which was very heavy with the perfect amount of citrus dressing, the calamari which was nice but light on the octopus- and beef tongue- while it may not sound appetizing on the menu- trust me when I say that it was jammed packed with flavor and surprisingly filling! My husband not the massive bone in porterhouse steak and I went with my choice cut of meat the filet! My filet was perfectly cut and the house made dipping sauces while not necessary- was a nice addition! My filet was perfectly cooked and I loved the whipped potatoes but after making my way through our starters left me full and unable to finish! My husband was eating forever, cutting his way through his steak- in hindsight it probably was easier to sit at a table instead of the bar as the slight lip make it hard to hand his cutlery but we made it though!
As the end of the meal we were too stuffed for dessert but they kindly sent out a sparkler in some candies as well as packed us a piece of chocolate cake to take home to enjoy, which was so sweet!
I highly recommend this steakhouse- simple recipes dine right! I couldn't have been happier!
Had a wonderful dinner with friends last night at one of Philadelphia's newest restaurants. The entire experience was amazing. You entering with a ring of the door bell then greeted at the speak easy window cut in the door in which you are greeted and asked your name for you reservation. Then you are seat in an elegant and intimate dark rich wood line room with only eleven tables. There is also a small four seat bar. John our waiter was professional and very informative with the menu and drinks and alway attentive. The food was over the top with incredible flavors and depth. The three of us splurged with oysters, bone marrow toast, prawns and bacon apps paired with a glass of Champagne. Entrées we split two aged dried prime rib ribeye steaks, with sides of Cauliflower, broccoli and cream spinach. All was Absolutely perfect to make it a memorable evening.
I wish I could give 4.5 stars. 
I LOVE the atmosphere here. It's like a mix between a speakeasy and your Grandmom's living room. A lot more unique than your standard steak house. 

I LOVE how you enter the door.. it's kind of secret, and when you ring the doorbell, a mini opening of the door pops open like it's a secret password. But they ask if you have a reservation before allowing you to enter the door :) makes it feel more exclusive. I dig it. 

The service was impeccable. The food was generally delicious. 

Appetizer: LOVED the beef tartare ($17) and thick cut bacon. Delicious. 

entree: the dry-aged bone-in ribeye ($65) was delicious. The branzino ($30) was also delicious. Cooked perfectly. 

Sides: potato wedge was just OK I should have ordered the mashed potatoes. The creamed spinach I liked but my husband did not, and usually that is his favorite side item. The Shishito peppers were good. Usually I like the side items better than the main dishes at most places but this was not the case here, which kind of bums me out but it goes to show that the main entrées were amazing. 

It's pricy, for two people with two entrées, one appetizer, three sides, and two cocktails each, our bill was $230 without tip. 

I really liked it here but given the price it will be a special occasion only type of dinner! Highly recommended.
Went there Friday March 29 as they recently opened on March 27 and from the outside there is no signage only a black canopy, the number 116 and a small rose.  Small sits only 40 people and gives you that cozy feeling that yeah this is going to be good. We were seated promptly for our 5:15 reservation and from there it became a night my wife and myself will not forget. I started with the #76 cocktail that was sweet with a hint of lemon.  We had the smoked bacon as an appetizer that was sweet, spicy and wonderful.  My wife had the dry aged beef rib eye and I had the dry aged NY strip boneless with onion rings and mashed potatoes. Neither of us needed a knife to cut through the steaks and they just melted in your mouth. It was the best steaks we have had in a long time and we have been to many famous steaks places in Philly and other areas. Our server Laura was fantastic, cheerful and had a great beer recommendation for my steak. The general manager Toby stopped by to check in on us. For desert we had the strawberry rhubarb pie which was also fantastic. Toby finished off our meal with a small plate of almonds, chocolate bar and piece of fruit. You will not go wrong by eating there and next time we will try the beef wellington. Forgot to mention each place setting had a different type of plate design and different serving glasses for water that made the whole dining experience even more amazing. Truly an amazing dinning experience with my beautiful wife!
I don't normally write reviews, but since this place is new I'll give it a go. A really good experience all around. The space was very nice. It's small, and classy without feeling pretentious. Its a very cozy room. Dan the bartender was one of the best bartenders I have ever had. He was very knowledgeable and personable, and seemed to really want to know the menu, to provide good recommendations to the customer. The cocktails were very good, and the White Russian I had in lieu of dessert... the best I have ever had. The steak was very good, and prepared perfectly. I am not normally one to use sauces, but the fermented chili sauce was the secret MVP here. It had a nice flavor, and wasn't too hot. It has a nice gentle heat. Try it with the turnip greens. I'm not normally one for steakhouses, but if you do want to go to a steakhouse and have a great experience, it's hard to top this one.
Right where Springboard Media was are potted plants, the statue of a dog, and a heavy wooden door with a bell on the doorway. You ring the bell and a little window opens in the previously unblemished wood. A bright friendly face appears and asks what you'd like. You say you have an rsvp and give the name. The door opens.

The room inside is lush without being pretentious. Chandeliers hang from the high ceilings. Bookcases line the walls with what appear to be prop books but don't look too closely for titles. The elegant staff in vests and long sleeve shirts work the room and will show you to your table. There aren't wide windows though looking out onto El Vez across the street would ruin the illusion.

The menu is concise. The place smells like meat but not in a bad way. Steak is the piece de resistance of the menu yet it's not what I usually think of steakhouses, full of wealthy businessmen in suits and the same dishes served in huge portions. I ordered the filet and it arrived on a wooden board with a side of roasted garlic. The crust was well charred and it was cooked to the right temperature, a perfect medium. The sides were reasonable portions and they were both well seasoned and interesting enough. Oddly, I found the meat underseasoned. It's true that the steak sauce they make in house is delicious but I shouldn't have to put it on the meat. I don't know if it's a start up issue or if I just have a high salt tolerance.

We split the chocolate cake for dessert, shiny with ganache and accompanied by a scoop of mint chocolate ice cream which isn't usually my favorite but this one was pretty good.

Prices were high but that's usual at restaurants that serve meat. I loved the atmosphere and the service was good. One star off because I don't understand how the meat could be underseasoned. My friend's pork chop was sensational.
Make a reservation! It's a cute and small space so it fills up quickly. The service and the cocktails were the best part about this restaurant. I believe John was our server. He noticed that I was left handed and moved my utensils to the left when it was time for the main dish. The slight detail shows that he pays attention to his customers, so thank you. I really appreciated your service :). If you love vodka cocktails please get "no.76". It's delish. For appetizers we got the tuna carpaccio which was tasty and the octopus. I didn't like how the octopus was all chopped up, but it tasted fine. The creamed spinach was good. So for the steaks.... My husband and I were disappointed because they were good but not great. He got the bone-in rib eye and I got the bone-in ny strip. We both felt that it was not that flavorful. We kept on dipping them in the sauces they provided which were so so good, but aren't good flavorful steaks supposed to be eaten on its own?? Also I'm not sure if I got the correct steak knife or if my steak was too thick, but I had such a difficult time cutting mine and it was a bit chewy. It cut better with the serrated knife that my husband had with his steak. We enjoyed the complementary dessert for his birthday and the tiny desserts that came after. I would definitely come back for cocktails but I'm not sure if I would be back for the steaks. But thank you for the excellent service!
I have not been able to stop thinking about how blown away I am with Alpen Rose. First of all, there's like a secret entrance when you arrive, you'll have to ring the door bell and the host greets you though a little private window and will ask you for your reservation name; with that being said the place is extremely small and doesn't have a waiting area so do yourself a favor by booking a reservation prior so that you won't be turned away. Once welcomed in, the restaurant looks like a library on the inside, almost like a little secret book club or society lol the vibe was really cool. Startender Dan waited in my friend and I, he was super helpful guiding me through the menu as it was my first time, drinks were fantastic, and I don't who the heck the chef is but MY GOD!!!! Let me also throw out there that it was my first time trying a lot of these foods too--First time trying oysters, branzino fish and octopus ceviche. The oysters rockerfella were broiled and crusted with herbs, Parmesan and breadcrumbs with a lemon for a citrusy finish. The octopus ceviche was fresh and really flavorful, it wasn't chewy either like I expected it to be. Clover rolls were a nice touch. And last but certainly not least, my favorite--the Branzino fish was to die for!! Grilled and seasoned to perfection, the fish was filleted very well with much access to the meat rather than the bones. I've been telling people about this place non-stop since I've left. Definitely gained a new loyal customer with me! Thanks Alpen Rose  We'll meet again soon!
It's like a cross between a speakeasy and a steakhouse - had a spin on an old fashioned with the "Refined #1 Cocktail" (exciting name I know - but it was great). Steak was great, a little pricey but vibe was very upscale. Great date night destination!
Very comfortable atmosphere. Made a reservation for 5PM which is when they open.  We were driving from the Lehigh Valley and ran into that Friday evening traffic. Gave them a call and told them we were running late and everything was good. I asked about parking and they directed me to the right place. It's not a big place but that's exactly what I was looking for. Perfect lighting,, intimate setting with a more personal dining experience. You just can't walk in this place. You have to ring the bell and be greeted by a gentleman who confirms your reservation. We had a simple dinner, filet mignon with mashed potatoes along with creamy spinach. Also had a side of battered onion rings. 4 drinks off their menu that involved tequila, 2 glasses of wine. Can't forget the 2 glasses of champagne to celebrate our anniversary, on the house. Everything was perfect.  We love visiting all types of steakhouses and this was by far the best we've been to so far. The server could  tell it was our first time there and made the experience a good one.  Extremely helpful and genuine.  We appreciated this the most. We spent  275 and that included a 25% percent tip. Worth every penny! Left satisfied and buzzed  I look forward to going back now that I know what to expect.  Will try the Tomahawk Steak next!
Came here for an anniversary dinner and was very pleased with the service we received. We had an earlier dinner, unfortunately, and only had room for 2 cocktails, the bone marrow appetizer, the porterhouse to share, and the mushroom side dish. (If I had managed to get a reservation for later in the evening, I'm sure we would have thrown in another side and dessert.) Cocktails were not watered down at all and we also got complimentary champagne for the special occasion. My husband had never tried bone marrow before and was raving about the rich mouthfeel. We were unable to finish the 32 oz porterhouse but liked how you could appreciate the taste of both a filet and strip steak. This place deserves 5 stars overall for the ambiance, staff, and quality of food.
What an incredible date night dinner! Took my boyfriend here for his birthday and had the best time. The food was beautifully presented and delicious. For an upscale dinner, portions were not terribly small, either. Obviously all of the steaks are incredible, but don't sleep on the apps! We loved the bone marrow and caesar salad. The cocktails were also top notch. I had seen the baked Alaska pictures/videos and felt obligated to get it, but other than a cool presentation, it wasn't that impressive.

Alpen Rose was perfect for date night - dimly lit, not too loud, and old school vibes. The service was just the right amount attentive. Would highly recommend for any special occasion or a dinner out!
Hands down the best steak I've ever eaten. Not gonna lie, the entrance is hard to find and basically hidden behind a tree. When you knock, they open a window in the door and ask if you have a reservation before letting you in. Seemed kind of gimmicky but I understand them only taking people with reservations so as not to crowd the restaurant. The space was very intimate and warm. They were late with our reservations so they gave us some free champagne, which was nice. Also a waiter spilled a tray right by our feet, and they gave us a free appetizer even though we didn't say anything. Waiter was attentive and courteous. Tomahawk steak was definitely the best on the menu. We probably tried every single dessert on the menu and they were all phenomenal. Bottles of wine are expensive. I opted for two whiskey cocktails and they are much stronger than they taste. Overall one of the best dinners I've had, and worth the price.
Easily a 5 star review. No doubt about it. We made our dinner reservation a week and a half in advance. Originally wanted to come here for Valentine's day but they were completely booked. When we got here, we were a bit confused. The door was locked so we knocked on the door and waited. We eventually saw that there was a small doorbell to the side and rang it. An employee opened up the small locked opening at the top of the door to greet us. We told him we had reservations and he opened the door for us. 

We were promptly seated (we sat right by the open grill). They provided us with the option of regular or complimentary sparkling water. Our server was attentive and never let our waters go past the half way mark. She checked in with us after each course and overall provided us with amazing service. After each course she gave us new plates and silverware. She even wiped down our table midway into the service.

The restaurant has an old school, upscale vibe. There are giant chandeliers illuminating the dining space and a charming library wall on one side of the restaurant. The bar area is well lit and glasses are hung up on the top wall. Even the plates are vintage and purposely mismatched. Very cool ambience here.

As for food and drinks, we were absolutely blown away by everything. Our cocktails were delicious. I got the No. 112 and it was very, very refreshing. We started our meal off with the caesar salad and the bone marrow. I almost never order a salad, but I was craving something fresh. I have zero regrets about ordering the caesar salad. We absolutely loved it and were so glad we each got our own (definitely did not want to share it). Probably the best caesar salad I've ever had. Large leaves of lettuce were perfectly coated in dressing and topped with a sourdough anchovy crumble. I honestly loved how much care and attention went into this salad. It wasn't like they tossed a bunch of ingredients together and put it on a plate. Instead, they carefully coated each piece of lettuce with dressing and then stacked the greens and toppings one by one. It was a salad masterpiece. For the bone marrow, it was rich and creamy. The chimichurri on top helped cut some of the richness by adding some acidity. You really can't go wrong with a decadent bone marrow. For our entrees we shared the porterhouse. We asked for it to be cooked medium even though they recommended medium rare. When the steak came out, our server wheeled it over in a cart and cut it table side for us. We loved not having to cut our steak. It took away all the hard work of ordering and eating a steak. Our steak was arguably the PERFECT medium. It was served on the cutting board and was accompanied by some butter, garlic confit, and pickled onions. We also got the bernaise and house steak sauce on the side (both sauce were delicious, but honestly the steak didn't need any sauce). Everything on that cutting board was absolutely delicious. The pickled onions provided a nice contrast of flavor, while the butter added extra richness. And don't get me started on the garlic! It paired so well with our steak! After reading some other reviews, it looks like we could've asked for more garlic (which we regret not doing!) and they would've given us more. For our sides we got the mashed potatoes and the charred broccoli. Both were very good, but if we had to choose one, the mash potatoes would definitely win. They were the creamiest and butteriest potatoes we've had. We were obsessed with it. Don't get me wrong, their broccoli was good but if it had to go head to head with their mashed potatoes, the potatoes would easily win. For dessert, we grabbed the last baked alaska (so glad we did). It was the perfect palate cleanser. Haven't eaten that many baked alaskas in my lifetime, but this was the best one I've had. The table side presentation for it was impressive too. 

All in all, this was a splurge meal for us. It was a pricey dinner, but the food, ambience, and experience was well worth it. Can't come here every weekend or my wallet would cry, but will be back when there is a special occasion to celebrate.
So I really enjoyed my time at Alpen rose! But part of that was definitely because of the atmosphere. I really enjoyed the speakeasy vibe. However, it does suck that they won't even let u into the restaurant unless u have a reservation... my suggestion is to make one for late night and enjoy the intimate setting with ur date over drinks.  

So food! We had couple plates to share to see what they're all about and it did not disappoint. The dishes were simple but done very well. I loved the escargot and bacon. The flavor was rich and well rounded. I'm not normally one to order bacon at any restaurant lol but I might make an exception here! 

I would love to return for a drink but again the restaurant is not huge so there is difficulty for walk ins. Mayb when the hype dies down, it'll be more accessible.
This is a very small, intimate boutique steakhouse. We sat at a half booth, knowing what I know now I would ask for a regular booth next time for the additional space and comfort. The service was amazing but the cocktails were by farrrr my favorite part. The food was good, solid, fresh, good quality, but I think everything could've used a little salt & pepper....a little more flavor in general would've taken the fantastic product quality over the top.

It seems like the chef really wants the quality ingredients to shine, no gimmicks. With that said we really enjoyed our meal. 

This is the perfect place for a date night or a classy evening out with friends/family.
It's been 18 months since I took my wife out for a nice meal. We took off the masks and made the trip to Alpen Rose and wow, are we glad we did! 

We knocked on the door and confirmed our reservation. We were actually a few minutes early, which was no problem. Although we were a party of two on a busy Friday evening we were seated in a cozy corner booth.

Our waiter was Robbie and I can not recommend him highly enough. Informative, always helpful, never intrusive with a great sense of humor, he turned a great dining experience into a special evening.

Caesar Salad, Bone Marrow, Caviar, Beef Wellington and bone in Rib Eye were all exemplary. The beef is among the very best I have ever had. Finely crafted cocktails don't hurt either.

If you are in the mood for as good a steak as you will find in these parts (or just about any other) I strongly suggest you try this little gem out!!!

Thanks again Robbie!!!
One the best and most unique dining experiences I've had. Speakeasy theme complete with a discreet entrance where you ring the doorbell and someone opens a small panel in the door to see if you have a reservation. Inside, the restaurant is small and beautifully decorated  with maybe a dozen small tables and rounded booths for larger parties. There's a small bar that seats maybe 4 and a see through open section to the kitchen and flame pit. 
The service is impeccable. Wait staff know what they're doing and know the menu completely. They are very good at recommendations, wine pairings, and will go out of their way for small accommodations here and there. I can't think of a single flaw in the service. 
The food was outstanding. I had the bone marrow and toast with shredded veal cheek for a starter which was a first for me and one of the tastiest things I've eaten. Candied bacon was perfect. Beef Wellington for two was incredible. It will easily feed three. They carve and serve it table side for you. The filet was prime, tender, and perfectly cooked. Not an easy dish to make perfect but they nailed it. Baked Alaska for dessert is flamed table side and placed in front of you to blow out at your leisure. Texture, flavor and presentation were flawless. 
It's pricey but well worth it. Highly recommended!!
Definitely will be coming back.   Make sure to make reservation!. Dont knock at the door, right the door bell. The hostess will open a small part of the door to greet you.  the place is small but has awesome decor.   I went for my birthday and everything was just perfect.  Food and cocktails are amazing, service is great too.  It's expensive but worth it.
The whole experience was a joy! From the moment we ring the bell (my fave part. Almost like a secret location/restaurant. It gives me invite only vibes) to the end was an amazing experience. The restaurant is very intimate. Ideal for the perfect date night or anniversary. The food OMG is spectacular. We had a few things and everything came out hot, fresh & tasteful. My Ribeye steak was cooked to perfection. Our waiter(s) were on point with everything from refills to seeing if we needed anything without being overwhelming. My hands and have the team an additional tip I'm additional to what I left on tab because the experience was just that great! Can't wait to do it again!!!
Service, Ambience , Food ... basically our entire dining experience was top-notch! So happy we chose to have our 20th anniversary dinner at Alpen Rose. From the octopus to the porterhouse to the baked Alaska , everything was on point and exceeded our expectations. Can't wait to dine here again!
First the good.  Service was excellent.  The setting is fantastic.  Small and intimate yet friendly and comfortable.   The food preparation was great.  Now the downside.  We had reservations for 615.  We were told that they were already out of beef Wellington.  The waiter told us the specials.  2 minutes later he came back and reported they were all out of the specials. They don't even open till 5 and the place holds 40 people tops!
When asked if they could make a smoked bourbon cocktail that they serve at double knot next door the waiter came back and said "higher ups said no".   Overall very nice but needs to get the act together.
You could easily walk by the entrance.  There door is marked only by a rose placard. You ring a doorbell and they open a little head door and they ask if you have a reservation. Luckily we did (for the bar seats). 
The bar tender was incredibly knowledgeable.  They have a menu of drinks (identified by numbers) but the bar tender is also very capable of creating drinks that fit individual palates. 
The food was also delicious. We split a bunch of the apps and veggies. 
 The rolls which we ordered at the end, were amazing, definitely my favorite. We got half sea salt half everything and worth every calories.  
I will definitely be back to try more of the drinks and food!
Immaculate dining space like you can expect from any of Schulson's restaurants. Service was very attentive. We didn't get crazy with some of the more expensive stuff but everything we had was great. The filet mignon was incredible, (1 was overdone from what was asked) but they promptly brought out another. The NY Strip was just as good. The sides were all delicious, we had the grilled asparagus, a well thought out avocado salad, & mashed potatoes. They are small portions to make sure the meat is the star of the show. The only thing I found lackluster was the Swordfish, it was a big piece but very thin. Just a matter of preference but I like when swordfish is thick & juicy to make it emulate a steak. Pretty stellar drink program that's heavy on the whiskey cocktails to pair with your choice of seafood or meats. I had the No. 21 & the No. 15, riffs on an old fashioned & a Manhattan with deep complexity & dangerously smooth. Overall great experience, cozy space, & delectable food. A few more trips could move me to a 5 star review.
I love the exclusivity this restaurant exudes. It was a perfect dinner for our last night in philly. You wouldn't even know it was there except for the little winter threshold door outside. We were treated incredibly well and everyone was very kind. The food was absolutely fantastic! I ordered prime rib and my partner ordered veal. We had the creamed spinach, cauliflower steak and mashed potatoes of which all were exquisite. Two martinis equally so. We sat at the bar and the female bartender was very friendly and we welcomed conversation. I would love to come again on my next visit!
Since we loved other Schulson restaurants, my husband chose Alpen Rose to celebrate my birthday. He made a reservation and indicated that I was turning 21 (he was trying to be funny; 21 about a decade off). It took us almost an hour to drive into center city from our last celebration location, fighting through traffic on a Wednesday night through pouring rain. Didn't find parking right in front of the restaurant, and had to walk a single block, which is all it took for us to become soaked. Since we were out all day and the weather reports didn't forecast a particularly high chance of rain when we left home early in the morning, we weren't dressed for the rain and arrived to the restaurant soaked and cold but ready to have a great time. 

We ordered two cocktails, two appetizers and the rolls, two entrees/mains, one side, and one dessert. The tuna carpaccio (app) and my boneless ribeye (main) were outstanding. The rolls and prawns were pretty good. My husband ordered a half-duck, which came with a very sweet glaze and was not really suited for our palettes. Potato wedges were cooked well, but not significantly tastier than what you'd find at a good chain restaurant. The house punch was refreshing, while #21 tasted like old-timey medicine. My husband ordered a coconut cream pie for dessert. Not a fan. All in all, we had a decent enough time. 

The reason for my below-stellar rating is because as you can see from other recent reviews, and as we also saw with our own eyes, there's a birthday special. People that have ordered additional desserts have received it, and another table that was also celebrating last night received it (I wished my birthday twin a good night on our way out, while also scoping out the plate her sparkler came on). We didn't. I'm not sure why--we were friendly, appreciative, non-demanding, tipped well, and ordered a decent amount of food for two people. Perhaps it was for the same reason that we were side-eyed like vagabonds, homeless folks, or just plain disgusting "others" by the staff when we walked in soaked and shivering from the rain (I even went to the restroom to make sure that my makeup wasn't running and my shirt wasn't completely see-through, as that look made me question whether I looked like a respectable member of society--I did). It's not like they forgot; the coconut cream pie my husband ordered came with a sparkler and the server told me "happy birthday." 

Perhaps it's petty that I care about being treated equally on my birthday as other people celebrating theirs, but I do. I loved this whole chain. Double Knot is the first restaurant in Philadelphia that my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed after moving here almost a year ago, and where we celebrated our anniversary this year. It's still one of our favorites and we recommend Double Knot, Sampan, and Graffiti Bar to friends and coworkers constantly. When we had a group of some friends visiting the US from Belgium for the first time in June, we took them to a couple of Schulson locations. If they had frequent buyer stamps, we'd have been able to cash in a few of them by now, even if it's not always one of us that makes the reservations directly. Last night, on my birthday, I was disappointed for the first time by a Schulson Collective restaurant. Though I would have loved to go back to Alpen Rose to try their other steak options, our overall experience was just not quite worth feeling ostracized on an otherwise amazing birthday.
Came here a couple of days ago for a special event.  It is an unassuming place from the outside, and as my dining partner put it, you have to knock on the door so they can open a harry potter like window, confirm that you have a reservation and then they open the door.  All of this was done very quickly and efficiently.

The inside kind of looks like the hull of a ship, lots of wood, and there are books everywhere. Also, it's pretty small and intimate, maybe 50 seats total.  You can also see the giant grill where they grill all the delicious meat!  

Onto the food, we got the bone marrow toast and octopus as an appetizer.  Although the bone marrow toast was good, I don't know if I would get it again, but it is fun to scrape the marrow out and put it on the toast.  The octopus with frisee salad and small potatoes was amazing, I think octopus is one of the hardest things to cook and they did an awesome job, it was just tender enough with a nice char.  My only gripe, I wanted more!

For our entree! We got the tomahawk steak! This bad boy came out and had the neighboring table asking questions.  The steak was charred beautifully and was super buttery, and yes, it is enough for two people, but not more than that. It also came with some delicious melt in your mouth garlic. We got the onion rings and mashed potatoes as sides, loved the mashed potatoes, I wouldn't order the onion rings again. Although they were very pretty to look at, they were lacking a little bit in flavor.

We didn't order dessert because we were full, but they did give us some complimentary petit fours type things, one of them was a caramel macaron, I would buy that shit in a 12 pack if I could.
We loved everything about our dining experience at Alpen Rose!  Ringing the doorbell to have a small door open with the hostess greeting you was a fun introduction.  When we walked in, it felt like we were at a speakeasy or a large dining area in someone's elegant home.  I loved the decor all the way down to the lovely plates and glasses.  Our waitress was welcoming and prompt.  And then came the best part....

I ordered the No. 76 and my husband ordered a Manhattan -- both were fantastic after a busy workday.  I enjoyed being able to see the steaks being cooked over the fire and the bartender prepare drinks with surgical precision while we waited for our food to arrive.  We ordered the smoked bacon which was perfectly cooked and flavorful, and the bone marrow toast which was heavenly.  We split the Tomahawk which has so good my husband carved as much meat off the bone as he possibly could.  For a second I thought he'd pick it up and gnaw on it!  I loved the way the potato wedges were presented.  They were crispy and complemented the steak nicely.  They also had a very good but not overwhelming selection of wine -- mine was a cozy Cabernet Franc. 

We finished off by sharing a coconut cream pie, oh my goodness it was so good.  I can't think of one negative about this place, we had such a nice time.  Well done Chef!  Next time we're bringing some friends.
From the faux exclusiveness to the entire ambience and feel, this place is perfect.  The food which we ordered was also perfect.  Caesar salad, rib eye, bone in NY strip, creamed corn and creamed spinach.  Nothing left but the one bone!  Great drinks too.  Sat at the bar and loved it.
I wanted to love this restaurant but didn't.  The room is lovely and the service excellent (although a bit canned, as we heard our waiter recite the same exact speech with each table).  This is clearly a celebration restaurant - most tables had a sparkler delivered to their table at the end of the meal acknowledging birthdays and anniversaries.  My husband and I went for my birthday on a Sunday night - we looked at the menu on line and looked forward to ordering the beef Wellington for two.  Upon arrival, we were told that the Wellington was sold out (it was only 7 pm), as was the stuffed lobster.  These were the two most obvious "celebration" items on the menu and our first and second choices.  I can get a great steak at any number of places, but not these two dishes.  Instead, I got branzino, and my husband a veal tomahawk.  These were very good, but not something special and unique to this restaurant.  For a restaurant that acknowledges being a celebration location, they should not be out of their two most unique and special dishes on any night they are open for business - certainly not at 7 pm.  For $250 for dinner, we should have eaten what we wanted for the menu, and not had to settle for our third choice.  I regret not saying something to the manager at the time, but as it was my birthday, I wanted to love the restaurant and not make it unpleasant, but in retrospect, I feel a bit ripped off.
On what would have been my mom's 80th birthday I celebrated in a library themed restaurant for my librarian mother. Every little detail was stunning, from the glassware to the chandeliers to the plates and on and on. All those little details added to the charm. We sat at the bar and Nathan was incredibly knowledgeable and friendly. Our food was delish, tomahawk Ribeye, spinach & potato wedges. The icing on the cake was that I found a pearl in our very yummy oysters. Yes, a pearl. Definitely made a difficult day a little easier and the pearl from above was like a hug from my mom when I needed it most.
Warning I had dinner here once I may return and have a different experience if so I will amend my review. 

First of all except for the weird entrance (customers have to ring a doorbell to gain admittance and there is no sign) service was warm and fine. It did have some annoying quirks though. The servers introduce EVERY dish including the sauces, with a rapid fire recapitulation of the ingredients and preparation process. I found this annoying. Do I need to hear about my salad? My vegetable? My steak sauce? The drinks menu is a file drawer (I kid you not) that omits a list of spirits. Each food menu is a series of papers clipped together with very small print-in dim light this is frustrating. It's all very precious.

The space is VERY small so if you are looking for typical steakhouse glamour there is none of that. The bar has so few seats so close together you will be tasting your neighbors cologne. I was grateful when my neighbors decamped. You won't be hanging out here to socialize.

Finally, the food: meh. I have faulted some restaurants for adding sugar to everything. Alpen doesn't have that problem, its chef's "addiction" is vinegar, mouth puckering vinegar. From the overdressed avocado salad to the overcooked tough octopus appetizer to the roasted mushrooms, anything that can be made acidic, is. I actually don't know what made the mushrooms taste that way but they weren't pleasant.

I had the "grass fed filet". It was cooked how I requested it and was very tender. But it was served on a room temperature plate and so arrived to me, room temperature, because it was so small. Maybe I ordered poorly but it really didn't impress me. I think the chef doesn't understand the significance of "grass fed". My server contrasted it with "dry aged". Grass fed beef isn't marbled so its flavor is completely different from graded American beef. Filets aren't marbled to begin with so making the filet your only grass fed option sort of misses the point. Alpen's special feature is an open grill. If I had ordered a fattier cut of beef I might have enjoyed more of the grill's special flavor. That said, there is nothing incompatible between a grill and grass fed beef. The "house made" sauces were extremely vinegary and nothing special, I would have been happier with A1 and Tabasco.

Prices are eye watering and give Barclay Prime a run for its money. My bill came to $125 for one person and I didn't splurge or have wine.

So your call. Luxurious but annoyingly precious service, and painful prices for less than spectacular food. Or I could be wrong.
This was disappointing - I was excited to score a last minute weekend reservation thinking that I got lucky. I love Double Knot and so was excited about this opening. 

Called ahead to ask about parking and was told that it would be validated at the lot down the street. Glad to not have to worry about parking, I decided to drive in. 

Waitress was great, no complaints there. Enjoyed the bone marrow app. They were out of some other apps as well, which probably shouldn't happen?

The Porterhouse was disappointing, as some other reviews noted, it definitely required sauce for flavor. Some stringy / tough pieces, which would not be a big deal except at this pricing, you'd expect the best. Would have preferred Peter Luger and Del Frisco's by far.

The generally underwhelming experience was even more frustrating when I went to pick up our car. By validating, Alpen Rose means they get a discount on the parking, which during weekends meant only $3 off a peak rate. Had I known, I probably would have gone somewhere else or at least taken an Uber.
I was not impressed by the food at this restaurant.  I love all of the other restaurant he owns, but I felt for this price, the food was way below expectation.  Shrimp was lacking flavor and steak was chewy and lacking that savory taste.  It is hard to compare to places like Barclay Prime in this city.  Otherwise, ambiance is great.  Would go back for a cocktail.
Good food: bad service. 
This is a quint shake house with really unique decor. The outside does not even have a name it's just a black building with a rose etched in the wall. And you have to knock to come in- pretty cool. I was really excited at first. My boyfriend asked for a light beer recommendation and our waiter gave us something he said was amazing and very similar to a light beer. However once we got the beer it was a dark color and did not taste good. We waited for him to come back but after what was almost 20 mins he didn't. So we waved down another waitress and asked for a different beer. He seemed upset that we did not like his beer recommendation and for the rest of the night he was extremely short with us- never coming to check in on us. Didn't say much when he gave us the check. The food  was pretty good, but for the price, service HAVE to be amazing. We just didn't get that experience tonight. We planned on getting a gift card here as a birthday gift to a friend but did not purchased it because it's not an experience we want to share.
Came in Tuesday night for a dinner reservation at 8 PM. we arrived a bit early but was still let in and seated. it was a great atmosphere, albeit a bit noisy. i did let the restaurant know that it was my boyfriend's birthday and appreciated that each server that came to our table said happy birthday!
i loved the speakeasy vibe the restaurant had. and the food was incredible. We had the bone marrow toast, two boneless ribeyes, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach and the chocolate cake for dessert.

the bone marrow toast was amazing. the rib eyes were cooked perfectly, but i could've used a bit more salt. the mashed potatoes were buttery and creamy, and the creamed spinach was great.

the chocolate cake might have been too heavy a finish for our already heavy meal. we had a few bites and left the rest.

overall it was a great way to treat my boyfriend to a manly steak dinner.
We ordered the Prime Rib and and PorterHouse. The steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare), however the cut was not good. The porterhouse was chewy and the prime rib lacked flavor. The au jus was salty and tasteless. We ordered the broccoli and mushroom sides. The mushroom lacked flavor and was nothing special. 

We also ordered the bone marrow and octopus. I thought they were both good but nothing that was an experience we had to come back for again. 

Overall this place was a disappointment and did not live up to the hype. 

Sorry but you just have to do better at this price point.
Came here for a bite to eat with my boyfriend and his friend. Service was amazing! We ordered some cocktails which were made to perfection. The filet was perfectly cooked. They enjoyed their T-bone steak. The bread however, which is under "hot appetizers" was probably the best part of my night. Defiantly worth it!
When it's mid-summer and the thermometer is popping at 99 degrees and heat indexes at triple digits are causing excessive heat advisories across the city, the first place you want to take refuge is the four top table next to the fireplace in the cramped 40 seat Alpen Rose.  The restaurant doesn't have a bar, so if your table isn't ready (as our's wasn't) at the time of your reservation you're escorted to the Double Knot next door to wait for the table to flip.  As equally stifling as the temperature was in there, at least there wasn't a fireplace metaphorically burning as a constant reminder of the blistering weather.  People tend to move slower when the humidity and temps are elevated, and boy was that true for last evening at this restaurant.  After buying a drink at Double Knot we perspired through the 45 minute wait to finally be summoned to our fire-lit table in the sweltering restaurant.  A beef-tartare was comped as an apology, which was tasty.  The service then slowed to a snail's pace, even with dining room only half full.  Drinks were slow, food was slow, and we finally were served about an hour and 45 minutes after our original reservation.  The sides were very average for the prices, although the cauliflower was good.  I've had steaks all over the world, and I couldn't differentiate this dry aged strip steak from something I've had at Longhorn or Outback.  At over $50 I expected a bit more than a fatty slab of tasteless red meat.  The sauces, an imitation of those of a famous steakhouse in Brooklyn actually added some decent flavor.  But, they mixed my preferred temperature with the husband's of the other couple we were dining with.  So, it came out medium rare instead of medium well; ironically a very good analogy for this restaurant- under-done.
Great service! Impeccable! The passion when explaining the Steakhouse & it's history was so nice to hear! Thorough explanation of everything on the menu! The drink were fantastic & food was even better!! Beef Wellington was delicious! Also the avocado salad was light & fresh. Highly recommend this restaurant!
LOVED this sexy little restaurant. The details, the well-crafted cocktails, the ambiance... the FOOD! Not good for groups because it's super small, and you can easily walk right past the door, but it's a must try.
Celebrated my birthday here a few days ago. I loved everything about this place. Cozy and intimate.  We started with the bone marrow which came with 4 toast points with beef cheeks piled on top. This was my favorite dish of the night,everything was great though. We shared the beefwellington. Came out cooked a perfect med rare with a flakey,crispy,buttery pastry wrapped around an 18oz.filet. Three could have shared the wellington. We also had steak tar tar the parker rolls and a few different sides. Try and save room for dessert. So many baked Alaskas had come out the whole place smelled of carmilzed sugary goodness. I'm a choclate fan and there choclate devils food cake with chocolate ganache layers was out of this world. So rich and delicious.  It came with a scoop of mint ice cream,no chips in the ice cream just straight mint with cookie crumbs underneath,it was choclate crunch from ice cream cake. I cant wait to go again. Dont hold off book a reservation now,you want regret it.
I had really high hopes for this restaurant. The atmosphere was amazing, the decor is on point in terms of the details and coziness of the restaurant. We got the Tuna Carpaccio for our appetizer, it was fresh and nicely seasoned, we could have had a few extra homemade potato chips on our plate since they were super tasty. Our main dish was the $125, 45oz Tomahawk Steak! We were waiting for this, we wanted this, we were disappointed by this. It was mainly fat, to the point we were disgusted and put all of the fat back onto the serving platter, over half of it was fat, you could tell that there was no "nice marbling" on this thing and both ends were just fat, to the point where I couldn't cut it with the knife I had. The parts of the steak that were edible were delicious, it was cooked to perfect temperature and had a nice crust on the out side, it left us wanting the fat to be edible steak. The mashed potatoes were okay, they were overly salted. The banana cream pie we had at the end was fresh and overall a decent dessert. The wine and cocktail list was also very nice and gave you a lot of price point options. I'm not sure if we would go back or not, if we did we definitely would not get the Tomahawk again.
This restaurant is pretty cool and fellas if you are looking to impress your lady then this is a must try.  Amongst a crowded restaurant scene in center city it kinda makes you feel like you're in your own world.  I ended up only being able to get a seat at the bar for reservations but it was still fine.  The food was pretty good.  You are going to be up there in terms of cost but the quality and ambiance is what you are paying for and it's worth it.
Literally my all time favorite steakhouse. This place puts Barclays, del friscos, butcher and singers, ruths Chris, etc to shame!!! 

Three words: Table side service! Ok, I need two more: Dry Aged!

From the outside, you ring a doorbell to walk in. It's literally like stepping into a 20s prohibition steakhouse and you're the baddest muh fucka in town. I felt like Al Capone's main bitch walking in with my gangster as we sat down with our backs against the bookstacks facing the door. We ordered drinks, which they set on fire. Sickkkk!

Anyways, it was my bf's birthday, so he went a bit wild. We got apps of onion rings, thick cut bacon, side of mushrooms, and beef tongue. The beef tongue was BOMB! My Bf usually doesn't like weird food like that, and he ate almost the entire plate. For our main course, we got the porterhouse ($92) and he also ordered me a bone in ribeye($65). It was so succulent and the meat almost melted in our mouths! I, especially loved their homemade steak sauces! Though it wasn't necessary, it's always a thoughtful touch!  For a steakhouse, it is Extremely reasonable pricing! 

As they were serving the food, I was posting it on the gram, I got OVER 500 views from only 900 followers. #CLOUT Additionally, everyone thought the pics looked so good, I know at least 3 couples that made a reservation the very next day. My BF also has friends high up within the Philadelphia PD. After he told his friends, I'm pretty sure His friends unit of the Philly Police Department booked the place for their holiday party! I almost feel like we should get a free steak for the 50 people that we introduced to the place since we went in September!
Had dinner here last week - the process to enter is weird and oddly pretentious. The space itself is dark - almost impossible to read the menu without using my phone. The server was well versed and on it. We started with salads that were ok - bread was an extra charge which is hilarious considering the entrees were all priced around $45+ and vegetables are a la carte. The steaks were very good - all else just ok. Overall it was a one and done.
What a wonderful dining experience.When we first arrived to the restaurant we actually walked passed it.There was no sign for the restaurant just a large wooden door with a rose and a bell.We rang the bell and slot in the door opened as if we entering a speak easy.We were greeted by a lovely young lady who brought to our table through the adjoining bar/restaurant.The Alpen Rose is quaint,cozy place decorated like a professor's library.The restaurant walls and ceiling are covered by rich dark wood paneling, lit by  beautiful chandeliers.The atmosphere was warm and rich which invited us to relax to enjoying our meal.
The menu offers a appealing and diverse selections. Our entire meal was delicious and well prepared. The waiter and wait staff was attentive and courteous something that you would  expect from a fine dining establishment. 
If you are seeking a top shelf steak and seafood restaurant, the Alpine Rose is your choice.
I made reservations for my husband's birthday dinner at 5 PM on a Saturday. We were seated immediately and service we prompt and friendly. There are multiple wait staff fluttering around and all seem to be available to any table, so there really wasn't much wait time for any request. Our "main" server gave us a rundown of the steakhouse and specialties. He acknowledged my husband's birthday and promptly took drink orders. 

The cocktails were unique and delicious. My husband had No. 3, which was like a tequila sweet tea. I had No. 76. I liked it, however it found it to be too sweet. 

For an appetizer, we had the bone marrow toast. I was looking forward to this, however I was underwhelmed by it. It wasn't weirdly sweet and not as good as the reviews or our server hyped it to be. A table next to us had the bacon, which looked delicious. My husband has already decided he wants that next time.

For the entree, we ordered the porterhouse with potato wedges and onion rings. The porterhouse came out and a server carved it in front of us. My husband and I were in agreement that the dry aged porterhouse was the best steak we have ever eaten. The house made steak sauce and chili sauce weren't needed at all for the steak. The sauces took away from the flavor of the porterhouse. We did use the sauces for the sides. The chili sauce was definitely my favorite of the two. The sides were a great compliment to the meal. The onion rings were light, almost like a tempura batter.

For dessert, my husband chose the baked Alaska. This came out with a sparkler for his birthday and the plate was set ablaze. The baked Alaska was enough for both of us to share. It was a citrus flavor and was a refreshing end to the meal. There were also little macaroons and other goodies brought out to end the meal. 

Overall, this is a well oiled dining experience. I did not feel rushed, but the staff really do work efficiently to clear tables between courses and keep your food coming. There was plenty of food to feel satisfied yet not uncomfortably full. It was a fun experience and something my husband would like to do for his birthday again.
It would be five stars if solely based on the interior, dishware, and service. The food was a mixed bag, but the entrees and dessert were better than the appetizers. We found the oysters and steak tartare unmemorable, and our bone marrow toast came with little to spread on the bread. The special kumquat pop tart was a nice surprise though. The Beef Wellington and ribeye were also much more satisfying, and the baked Alaska is a must get.
This place is an amazing experience. The decor and ambiance of the restaurant is unmatched. I went last night for my birthday dinner and it was a dinner to remember. I started by ordering a rose water lemonade (non alcoholic) and it was delicious in fact I want the recipe lol. We didn't get any starters because we wanted room for our main course. I ordered the Colorado Lambchetta and mashed potatoes with broccoli. The lambchetta was cooked to perfection, the outside was crispy and buttery and the inside was smooth and delectable and the flavors were so unique and layered. The mashed potatoes are literally the best I have ever had!! They were creamy and buttery and had layers of flavor and I wish they sold these mashed potatoes in the super market lol. For dessert we got the baked Alaska which again was amazing. They light a ring of fire around it when they bring it out and the presentation is quite fascinating. The flavor of the baked Alaska was amazing the crust was just right and the lemon sorbet in the center was to die for. Since it was my birthday they also brought out a tray of 3 tiny pastries with a sparkler in the middle and all 3 were delicious. This experience was amazing and I would recommend Alpen Rose to everyone who wants a unique and yummy dinner experience in Philly.
We came here for our anniversary and loved it! They gave us a glass of rose champagne which was quite cute and tasted quite earthy (I'm not a huge fancy drinker so that's the best I can describe it). We loved the ambiance and the interior decorations were quite fancy and the mood lighting was great. It felt like the interior of a wooden railcar.

For the actual items, we ordered the octopus ceviche, the creamed spinach, the bone marrow toast, and the ribeye. The octopus ceviche I would give a 3.5/5 - it was good and tender, but honestly it tasted quite like chicken? I've had octopus that has more of the tender / bouncy texture of octopus, but this one honestly felt quite like cooked chicken and pretty mediocre. The creamed spinach was good - 4/5 - but nothing too special. Our favorite appetizer would definitely be the bone marrow toast - the bone marrow was quite buttery and flavorful! The bread that it comes with is also the perfect complement to it. The ribeye steak was also great and wonderful, very good but also nothing mind blowing. The service was also excellent!
Went for an anniversary dinner and hit the spot in every aspect. The ambiance is perfect for a date night and/or special occasion.

The service was incredible. They went above and beyond to celebrate us without us saying much. We got champagne upon sitting which was a great start to dinner.

Our waiter, Micheal was very knowledgeable about the menu and recommendations. 

The cocktails are unique and delicious, we got no 3 and no 76, both so good. Highly recommend, no is vodka based and no 76 is Smokey tequila. 

We started with the honey rolls and octopus ceviche, both filled with flavor. I'm a pescatarian and the salmon was done just right. My boyfriend got the New York Strip, which he thought was perfectly cooked and seasoned to perfection.

Cannot wait to go back again!
I'll try to make this brief. I came here for my dad's birthday and I'm in for the holidays, and this place was so thoroughly good in every aspect, you have to admire how low key and easy it feels.
The speakeasy vibe at the door was a bit amusing at first, but inside it felt appropriate - intimate, personal, warm. The staff all carried that same warm but professional approach, efficient and personable, and the server gave us clear descriptions of the menu choices. 
I had the scallops as an appetizer, prime rib for dinner, and we shared Mac and cheese, onion rings, and charred broccolini for the sides. The smoked taste of the broccolini was a bit too strong in my opinion. So, there, that would be my one complaint. Every other dish was great, really good flavor and preparation. 
Last point - the music. All of it was a selection of older soul, r&b, rock tunes that were *deep* tracks, where you hadn't heard them in a long time or weren't sure who it was at all, and it made the place feel timeless and special.
So. Yes, I liked it. Quite a bit.
My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our anniversary and all I can say is WOW to the steaks and to the service - legit top notch! 

Alpen Rose has this exclusive feel especially when you ring the doorbell to enter the speakeasy-esque type of restaurant. We were greeted by our waitress with a "Happy Anniversary" and two glasses of Prosecco - such a nice surprise! We ordered a bottle of wine and the manager came by and greeted us and gave us so great menu suggestions. 

For starters, we ordered the Oysters and the Bone Marrow with Mushroom toast. The oysters were great and super fresh and refreshing. The bone marrow was phenomenal and so flavorful! My boyfriend isn't a huge fan of mushrooms, but he inhaled this! 
We went with the tomahawk steak which was cooked perfectly to "rare". The meal was perfect for two! We also ordered broccocini and the Mac and Cheese. The broccocini was delish and had this crisp charred flavor that really enhanced your palate. The Mac and cheese was divine - probably the best Mac and cheese I've ever had in my entire life. 

Sadly, we were too full to have any desert but definitely recommend if you're in the mood for some fine steaks! The manager recommended the beef Wellington as well, so we'll definitely be coming back for this! Highly recommend!
The staff there was top notched, we sat at the bar and I was delighted to hear that Dan was a top notch mixologist. I was waiting on my dinner partner she was running late and we started talking about things. I started with cocktail no3 and it was a tequila base drink, just wonderful. The next few he started to freestyle and made it based on what we liked. Came out amazing, ending the meal he made an espresso drink. Freaking delicious, The food was great, We got the tomahawk steak, carrots, mac and cheese and oysters. Steak was cooked perfect medium rare, carrots had a good sauce but could of been cooked more. The oysters were 2 types i forgot what, but one didn't taste all that great, but the vinaigrette help cut that fishy taste. Dan and Michael were what made the experience great along with the drinks and food. Look out for Dan and Michael easy to talk to. I've been trying to get out of my comfort zone and interact more with people and it turned out to be a great time.
I visited this restaurant back in December for an intimate birthday celebration. Let me just say, it is very likely to be missed from the sidewalk. Once you enter through the double doors it's like you transformed into a speakeasy library in the 50's. I do possibly show favoritism to quaint establishments and this 50 or less seater def fits the bill. So we started with the No. 76 drink which was a rose floral vodka cocktail and LET ME TELL YOU (kisses three fingers up the Italian God's...beauno). I for one value a stiff drink just as much as I value a good meal and this deliveries on both.
Onto the food. To start we ordered the prawns with was tossed in a butter garlic and served with a side of sherry wine. We also ordered the octopus which was pretty good as well. Not really portion sizes for sharing, however the quality is spot on. For dinner we ordered the 24 ounce ribeye and the branzino. The steak if filet table side and seasoned from the heavens above. I think to date I can say, it was top three steaks I've ever and it's not three. The branzino was also pretty great. It is still technically a steak house so expect your sides to be a la carte. The potato wedge and creamed spinach were the perfect accompaniments. 
Let me say, at this point we had o box some of the items up because the steak alone is enough for two people to share. But as well know, a sweet tooth is a different type of appetite. I have a lot of regrets in life, but ordering that apple pie will never be one of them. Whether your on the fence of the price, quality or even the apple pie the only advice I can give you is Nike's not mine.... Just Do It!
My husband surprised me with dinner at Alpen Rose for my 40th birthday, what an experience!!! 

 When you arrive to the restaurant it is not marked and there is no signage except for a brass plate outside that has a rose on it.  You ring the doorbell and a little part of the door opens up and someone asks how they can help you (very speakeasy like!) You then give them your name and reservation time,  they closed the small opening and then opened the large door so that you may enter the restaurant.

 Upon entering the restaurant it is dimly lit with chandeliers and dark wood.  One wall on the back is nothing but books and the other wall has photographs. The setting is very cozy and intimate and I believe seats less than 50 people. You will need reservations to eat at this restaurant. The bar has 4 seats total. We were seated at a table with the one side having a chair and the other side more of a cushioned booth  with pillows.  At the ends of the restaurant are two very large half circular booths.  There are booths down the middle of the restaurant and along the edge of the wall are the tables which are somewhat close together. All in all its very cozy and done well!

Alpen rose is known for their dry aged steaks. Everything is typed on small pieces of paper. You are handed a wine list, a bottle menu, a cocktail menu. Everything is a la carte. Because the restaurant is dimly lit this can be hard to read until your eyes adjus so give yourself some time. All of the plates and glasses are mismatched, its so unique.  

 We were approached by our waiter Robbie who was absolutely wonderful. He explained everything to us including some of the ingredients in the cocktails when we didn't know what they were. He took his time with us, he explained everything perfectly. We decided to start with 2 gin cocktails which were absolutely delicious, we ordered more during dinner! 

 Robbie then brought out our warm appetizer which was oysters Rockefeller. I don't eat oysters but the topping was delicious and my husband loved them. Our 2nd cold appetizer was an heirloom tomato salad with peaches, red wine vinegar, basil and capers which which was so fresh I could eat plates of it. 

 We ordered ribeye steaks for our dinner.  The steaks are  wood grilled (which you can see in the middle of the restaurant)and served on a wooden plank with roasted garlic and pickled shallots. For sides we chose creamed spinach and roasted potatoes which were served with sour cream and chives.  The steak was absolutely the best steak I've ever had in my life. It melted in your mouth the taste was superb and worth every dollar

For dessert we decided to get baked Alaska. Robbie was so kind to put a candle in it for my birthday. This was a lemon sorbet on a shortbread crust with merengue flambed.  It was a perfect ending to a perfect meal.

Alpen Rose is truly an experience for a meal. It took about 2.5 hrs, we never felt rushed or like our questions were bothersome. Staff is exceptional.  Food is out of this world and Ambiance cannot be matched.  This will go down as the best meal Ive had in my life!
Top notch steakhouse with a speakeasy vibe and intimate ambiance. Excellent meal from start finish. Loved that it's hidden in plain sight in center city. Had to knock on the door and confirm a reservation to be let in. Every cocktail was delicious.  We got oysters, shrimp and octopus to start then split up different aged steaks, beef Wellington with broccolini and Pomme pure as sides. I'm not usually a fan of aged steak but it was done so well that I really enjoyed it. We were told the Beef Wellington was very popular and I agree that it's definitely worth a try. Baked Alaska was tasty but the presentation is what really stole the show! Definitely get if your celebrating a birthday or special occasion. 

The place is small with limited seating so definitely need reservations a couple weeks in advance especially if your looking for a weekend night.
For an accurate review, I would give this restaurant  approximately 2.5 stars.  In this situation, I will not round up given the information below.

We had reservations for a Wednesday evening.  Upon arrival, you ring a doorbell and the host opens a small sliding window in the door to ask your name.  I get that it is a cute touch with a speakeasy vibe, but completely unnecessary.

Let's start off with the good.  The octopus appetizer and the fillet were the best parts of the meal.  The octopus tasted fresh and tender.  The fillet was also cooked perfectly (medium rare) and very tender.  That being said, I have not eaten at too many places where a fillet was cooked poorly or      of poor quality.

Now, for the bad...and there were plenty!  First, the restaurant let us know after ordering our drinks that it was out of the Porterhouse.  Given that it was only 7:30 PM and that's what we wanted to order, not exactly what you want to hear!  In addition to the fillet (mentioned above), we ordered a New York strip and sides of mushrooms, potato wedges, and broccoli.  The New York strip was chewy and almost inedible (cooked medium rare).  Very poor cut of meat.  The sides were not only "basic" and lacked innovation, but seemed like they were from a 1980's menu.  Aioli came on the broccoli and potatoes (we asked for it on the side). 

Given that we ordered two glasses of wine each, the bill came in around $250.  Much better restaurants/steakhouses in Philadelphia and complete lack of food sophistication for this price point. 

Lastly, I would find it hard to believe that this restaurant will stay open very long.  We went on a Wednesday evening and the restaurant had five (5) tables occupied.
 
Will not return and recommend you look elsewhere!
Pros: Easy to make an appointment if scheduling ahead a few weeks. Great ambiance. Mixed drinks were delicious. Tomahawk is the go-to!! Mac and cheese was phenomenal. Scallops were fresh and robust. 

Cons: Wine bottles are very overpriced. I could feel every movement from the booth behind me. 

We'll be back!!
I'm giving this place 2stars because of ambiance....this place is a complete rip off.... The sides are small ...my ribeye looked like a shoprite steak.....the fish was oily and when we left I was still hungry....this place is COMPLETELY OVER PRICED!!!
We sat at the bar for our Christmas Eve dinner and it was great from beginning to end. The room is beautiful and the drinks were great. My wife had one small gripe that our tomahawk steak tasted to much of the wood that it was grilled upon but I was fine with it also our bartender Miranda was super wonderful
Had such a fantastic first experience at Alpen Rose last night! Our server Don and his assistant took extraordinary great care of us from the beginning to the end, making this now one of my favorite places to come in Philly! Don made all of the best recommendations from the drinks, to dinner, and even the best dessert! The cream pie is to die for! The Tomahawk was absolutely perfect! We can't say enough about how fantastic our dinning experience was last night! Thank you Don, as well as the entire Alpen Rose team for the personality that you added to our experience, it was not only perfect in every aspect of service but it was also genuine! We will be back!!
What an awesome find in the Philadelphia food scene. Typically, Philadelphia restaurants are bustling and kind of jammed, but Alpen Rose offers you an intimate alternative with the bonus of an awesome menu featuring premium dry aged steaks, premium cocktails and wine, with pleasent knowledgeable staff who don't rush your dining experience. How was the food? Great. We started with the beef tartare whose presentation was glorious and offered a fresh, rich flavorful experience (tartare is, after all, an experience) along with the clover roll (what? pay for bread? You MUST have this!) then on to the main choice the Tomahawk ribeye which , again was what you should expect (but don't often achieve) from a dry aged USDA Prime steak this size. Perfectly cooked and flavorful, again very rich. We choose the charred broccolini side and finished with the baked Alaska dessert.  The wine's selected for us, were spot on. 
If you want a special night out, get away from the hustle bustle of downtown, feel like you're in a restful alternate universe, go find the understated rose sign, ring the bell and enter an elegant yet casual 5-star experience. You will not regret it.
The food was great and the drinks were even better. The atmosphere was probably my favorite! A definite spot you need to try in the Philly steak scene.
Loved loved this experience from the entrance to there service.  My favorite part is the intimacy of the space.  The food was delicious and the cocktail was amaze.  I hope to return in the near future.  We ate the rolls, Rockefeller oysters, prime rib, ny strip, creamed spinach and mashed potato and chocolate cake.  
My critic is that the creamed spinach was a tad bland and the chocolate cake wasn't as decadent or moist as I expected but that is a preference.  
My favorite food outside of my delicious ny strip was the garlic and shallots that accompanied the dish.
