Brand new to the hood and already making waves. This place sells out every day it seems and so you should really call ahead. The staff knows they are under pressure but still manage to be extremely nice and thoughtful for those people waiting for some delicious chicken. I think it's a great addition to the neighborhood!
The Korean fried chicken at Andy's is sooo good! It is crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside. I had to check it out based on the stellar Yelp reviews.

The Sweet Chili is my favorite. Gooey, crispy, sweet and spicy yum. 

The original fried chicken was a hit as well. 

For sides...order the onion rings. Trust me. They are all crisp no soggy onion ring in the center. The butter rice was topped with egg, my daughter loved it. 

Overall worth the stop. Just to note,  this is take-out only. Also worth mentioning to call 20 mins ahead. If you show up and order they will ask for your phone number so they can call you when your order is ready. They quoted me 25 mins...it was ready in 20 min on a Friday night. Parking is a bit of a hassle but the chicken is worth a few circles around the block!
For the longest time my crew and I would satisfy our fried chicken cravings at FEDNUTS. After checking-in at FEDNUTS one day, I received a handful of recommendations from my fellow Yelpers suggesting that I try other locations and Andy's Chicken was on that list. 

My friend and I decided to take a ride one day and see what this joint had to offer. A little pressed for time, we were a little concerned when the clerk informed us that we had to wait 20-25 minutes, and that we would receive a call upon our order be completed. I see this as a small price to pay for chicken not resting under a heat lamp the entire day. We will just call ahead next time. 

I was able to sample the sauce prior to ordering and I decided to go with the sweet chili. I am usually not a fan of sweet substances on my chicken but in all honesty this was pretty good as the chili-sauce was not really sweet, with a tad bit of a kick. As for the chicken itself, the skin reminded me of the days when extra crispy meant crunch through every bite. The skin, with the sweet-chili sauce, was a tasty layer of crispy goodness.  The meat inside absorbed some of the flavor from the sauce and was nice and juicy inside.  

Make no mistake the chicken was good, very good. It is not amazing, and it is not mind blowing. It is just simple fried chicken cooked the way the good lord intended.  I want to thank my fellow Yelpers that led me to this establishment. There are still some other places I need, and hope to try like Bonchon, but I think Andy's is certainly in the rotation.
I've ordered here twice already and can confidently say that they have some really good fried chicken. I know that they are the sister store to ChiMac, which I didn't give favorable reviews, but I like the chicken here so much better! The chicken batter looks like traditional American fried chicken, but it's super crispy and stays crispy for quite some time, despite the vast amount of sauce that's drenched on them. Which leads me to their probably one and only complaint: there's so much sauce on the chicken! I wish the chicken was a little less "saucy" and therefore also less messy to eat, but it's not a big enough of a factor that would stop me from going. 

Speaking of sauces, there are so many to choose from it makes my head spin! I've tried quite a few of them already and here are my quick thoughts:

Sweet Chili - the first piece is pretty good, sweet and tangy and not too spicy. But the more you eat, it becomes quite rich and heavy. (Maybe if they put less sauce)

Honey Garlic - I kind of liked this one but the  garlic flavor was a little too strong and it tasted too much of raw garlic (from a jar) and not the fresh garlic or even cooked garlic

Golden Soy - I think my favorite! Sweet and savory in just the right amounts. It's what I imagined the honey garlic to taste more like

Original - this is traditional fried chicken with no sauce. Surprisingly, it was my husband's favorite. 

Hot & Spicy - not that spicy in my opinion but any spice I got tasted like straight black pepper. Not bad but not my favorite. 

The location is very close to my house which makes satisfying my random chicken cravings much more simpler, and I kind of like how it's the whole (or half) chicken and not just wings. The service is really nice and it was easy to call and make an order. I hope to try out their delivery service soon.
Super fresh chicken! The owner Andy butchers his own chicken every morning... this is definitely not your typical fried chicken store. Which is exactly why you taste the quality of fresh meat verses packaged frozen chicken from other places. Super friendly staff, one of the best I've been to. I won't compare this place to Soho/Bonchon though because it serves a different style of eating/has different sauce flavors (gives the whole chicken such as wing, leg, thigh, and breast in an order rather than just wings or legs at Bonchon/Soho). 

Flavor of chicken to try:
-Honey Garlic (my favorite one, very flavorful and balanced in my opinion)
-Sweet Chili (Good, but moreso sweet than the chili taste. super messy to eat)
-Original (there is no flavor on this, just fried chicken- will not get again)
-Old Fashion (meaning no skin on the chicken, but is fried. No thanks. But great for those who want a healthier alternative)
-Golden Soy (pretty good) 
Want to come back to try Cajun, Hot and Spicy though

SIdes: 
-Sweet potato fries/onion rings (good, but nothing special. Good deal to do the combo offer if you want a little something extra with the fried chicken) 

Tips: 
-Order in ADVANCE.
I ordered at 2:30PM for a group of 10 people for pick-up at 7PM. SO glad I did! When I came to pick up the chicken, people walking in behind me were told there was an HOUR AND A HALF WAIT. Save yourself from this tragedy... or the fact that they sell out fast, especially dinner time. 
-Take Out Only
Tried to order takeout from here a couple nights in a row, but they have been selling out by around 7/7:30 pm. Called ahead today at around 3 pm and the wait was only about 10 minutes---score!

The place wasn't very busy at 3:30, with only another customer there. This is a take-out only place (they do mention delivery on the menu, but they haven't started delivering yet), but there were a couple of chairs outside (though no tables).

Got the sweet chili chicken combo with sweet potato fries, and I must say the chicken is well worth the hype. The sauce was tasty with just the right amount of kick, and the breading on the chicken was super crispy but still feels relatively light. It doesn't feel overly greasy like most fried chicken. (If you have had Bonchon before, it's similar but I like the variety of sauces Andy's offers much more; Bonchon's hot wings are a bit too spicy for my taste.) Sweet potato fries were good, but nothing super special. The cashier offered me a free can of soda---nice touch!

Everyone who works there are really hospitable, and I met Andy as well, who was very nice to talk to, and seems to really care about his customers. 

Looking forward to coming back again!
I am clearly in the minority here, but I was not a huge fan of Andy's and for reasons related to food (as opposed to the ordering requirements, which I have no problem with but I understand may be frustrating for some).  

Some friends and I ordered the boxes that come with four pieces of chicken and a side for $11, I believe.  The prices were completely reasonable, the portion sizes were large.  I was just wholly unimpressed with the chicken.  Yes, it was crisp, yes, the chicken inside was well cooked, but no, it did not remind me at all of the Korean fried chicken I had in Korea.  None of the sauces are particularly "hot" spicy, which was a bummer, as the hot chicken was my favorite dish when I was in Seoul.  The cajun was tasty and "full of spices" spicy, but I missed the kick.  Most of the sauces leaned toward the sweet side of things, which isn't my favorite.  I also thought the breading, which there was too much of for my tastes was a bit bland.  They also offer naked chicken, which I will definitely order next time I get food from here.

I thought everything was A-OK, and to borrow the phrase of the Philly Mag reviewer, definitely "go if you are in the neighborhood" and plan far enough in advance to order, but I won't be making a special trip again to grab chicken from this spot.
I had one of those days today where I could explore the city. I decided to find some of the best fried chicken in the city. Yelp brought me here.

Now I haven't had all of the best fried chicken in the city yet. I've had Federal Donuts, and found them to be good but not great in my mind. 

Andy's Chicken is everything I wish Federal Donuts was. 

You know how good this chicken was? I had 4 pieces in the honey garlic sauce. I was actually sad that I had no chicken left after I ate it. 

If this isn't the best chicken in Philadelphia, then I can't imagine how good that chicken is. Because this was amazing. The crunch and juice was perfect. The sauce added insane flavor. 

I watched them make the chicken as I ate. The attention they pay to detail is amazing. I watched the cook ensure that every millimeter of the chicken was coated perfectly as they fried it. They really care about the product and it shows. 

This was so worth the drive from Delaware County today.
Oh my lord.

Let me preface this review by saying I am a beef/pork eater over chicken any day. 

My boyfriend recommended we go here for dinner the other night and while I had been curious about Andy's Chicken from walking by a few times, I was not the most thrilled about this choice. 

As soon as I walked in, my mind was changed instantly. The staff was some of the friendliest I have met in my life and made me feel right at home. After placing our order in person, we weren't too happy to hear that we'd have a 20 min wait, but they turned that around by offering us a free beer while we wait, which is awesome. The food came out quicker than 20 mins and we were on our way home to eat that delicious grub.

The chicken was cooked perfectly. It's like art. The outside was perfectly crunchy with the right amount of sauce, while the chicken meat was juicy and fell right off the bone. I don't know how they do it, but each piece was cooked to perfection.

We also got the bulgogi, as I was skeptical about getting only chicken. This was delicious!!! I would return and split a half chicken and bulgogi with someone else every day of the week if I could!!

Overall, food and service get A++++++ ratings. I would rate the ambiance, but because it is take out only, there is not much to judge on that front. Either way, Andy's Chicken rules!!!
Andy's Korean Chicken is a delicious corner takeout establishment in the middle of Fishtown.  Since opening earlier this year, the place has been very busy and sells out by the early evening.  All ingredients are freshly prepared everyday so there is a limited supply.  But if you plan a little bit ahead, you'll get your tasty chicken.  I recently tried four pieces of the Cajun chicken and loved the flavor and the fact that it had a little kick to it.  The chicken itself was expertly fried. The only culinary misstep in my opinion involved a side dish.  A mound of white rice with an egg over easy on it to me doesn't make for a pie.  And the rice was bland in taste.  I would skip that side which is called a butter egg pie.  After all, it's the chicken you really head out to Andy's for. I want to try one other type of chicken before I give Andy's five stars ... but right now it stands at 4+.  And by the way, everyone who works there from the owner to the cooks are super friendly and personable!
I have been on a bit of a fried chicken kick lately, blaming a local joint that has moved its menu to just chicken only.  Well, my visit to Andy's was a bit of a bender.

Standing in front of that counter, with the brightly colored photo menu in my hand, they all looked so good.  Seven half orders of chicken later, some might say I over did it.  I'm not one of them.

The chicken was glorious.  A double fried, super crispy shell over moist and supple fresh meaty chicken.  

Honey Garlic was the fan favorite, roasted garlic deepened the flavor of warm, maple golden honey.  I fell for the spicy Sweet Chili; sticky, sweet, and sharp, not hot, chili pepper drizzled and clinging to the crunchy bites.  Cajun, totally a solid choice; smokey, woody and deep flavor that lingered well after the chicken was gone.  The Hot and Spicy was the very best.  

Hot, here, means Korean hot, and they don't fool around.  Spiced with the kind of heat that builds after bite number three, and doesn't fade when you go back for more.  The warm juicy chicken and that hot Asian spice, match made in heaven friends.  Planning my next trip back.

Outstanding.
I must say that Andy Chicken lives up to the hype. Stopped by today while in the area. This is strictly to go restaurant and street parking can be a bit of an issue.

As soon as you walk in all 3 employees say hello and goodbye. The service for being take out was top notch. I arrived before 3pm so it was still happy hour. It was a 5pc with a side. I chose the cole slaw, that was a huge disappointment! It was terrible! Something straight from a container, there was no love put into it. I was quite shocked at how bad it was considering the chicken was so good. I just wish they would put as much effort into the sides as they do the chicken. 

Now let's get down the real deal. The fried chicken is simply amazing! So crispy and delicious! They twice fry to get that awesome crunch. I'm shocked the chicken was still moist. I went with the chili sauce. Even with the chicken sauced, the chicken was crispy. They do offer a wide variety of sauces or just plain. They also offer some other Korean specialties. 

I can't say enough about how good this was. It was definitely worth the trip and I will be returning. I would just stick with the chicken though.
This is a long overdue review. Andy's chicken has been a go-to throughout the pandemic. Food is consistently good, ready pretty quickly, and fairly priced.

We've tried almost all the sauces, but our go-to is definitely hot and spicy. The crunch is insaaaane. The chicken is dredged in sauce and still crunches with each bite. You can't go wrong, even the original (no sauce) and old fashioned (no breading) are delicious. Also - don't sleep on the rice dishes. Tried the bulgogi for the first time in our most recent order and it was incredible.

The sides are good, too. We typically order one of the fries and sometimes a cole slaw or onion rings. Would recommend all.

Only thing I wish Andy's had is like a side salad or veggie that isn't covered in mayo or something. If you're in the mood to feel healthy, this definitely isn't it. If you're in the mood to eat good and satisfy your fried chicken cravings, look no further.
The hat says it all. The chicken is so crispy, it sounds like a Pringle when you bite into it. If I were a chicken, I'd want to leave this Earth as an Andy's chicken. Come to Andy's, it's a win for the chicken, and it'll be a win for you. 

This was the best chicken related experience of my life.
As a vegetarian, this was the best chicken related experience of my life.

If I was going to eat meat, it would be Andy's.

Sometimes I come here just to smell it.
All I can say is OMG. This is by far the best chicken I've ever had! I initially only wanted wings but the half and whole chicken selections are great. You get both white and dark meat and the batter is amazing. What is just as awesome is the quality of chicken. No dark bones or Old chicken over flavored with a lot of flour and MSG sauces like typical Asian spots. This chicken taste fresh and juicy and has been cooked perfectly and the staff is awesome. They alway thank you the entire staff!! I've had Sweet garlic and barbecue. Honey garlic is now my favorite. I was literally sad when I finished my half chicken. The onion rings are incredible too!
This is strictly a take out Korean fried chicken joint with some Korean dishes.

Fried chicken is crispy, flavorful, and I love the sauce choices! If you're in the mood for Korean fried chicken, this place will hit the spot. We got the sweet chili sauce, which was delicious! My only gripe is you can only get a half chicken or whole chicken, and neither my husband and I like the breast when eating fried chicken.

Pros 
1. Cheap for Korean fried chicken
2. They let you call ahead, and are pretty good with the pick up times 
3. Lots of sauce options
Cons
1. Lack of parking in fishtown
2. No tables or chairs to dine in

While I loved their fried chicken, and wish I could come back more often, I live 50 minutes away, and need a place to eat the chicken while hot. I wish Andy's would transition to an eat in spot.
Call ahead and place your order before they sell out for the day.  We tried ordering on a Friday around 7 and boom sold out.  The next day we called around noon for the happy hour special and our order was ready in about 45 minutes.  The wait is no big deal if you plan accordingly.  Happy hour is daily from 12 to 3 and costs $8.50 for a wing, thing, breast, and leg.  I'd call that a steal.  I was quite full from the 4 pieces and didn't even order sides.  We got an order of the original and sweet chili.  The skin was very crispy.  The meat was fresh and juicy.  The sweet chili is a must order flavor.
If a joint is going to specialize in fried chicken, then it needs to bring its fried chicken game. Unfortunately, Andy's Chicken failed to deliver.

Even if I had to lower my expectations because it is take-out, the food left lots to be desired. After a nice Sunday stroll in Fishtown, thought I should check out this corner spot to satisfy a fast food craving. After entering and seeing the pans of fried chicken just hanging out, I had a bad feeling that its varied flavors meant taking already fried chicken and tossing it in pre-bought sauces. That's exactly what I brought home with me. 

Got me a serving of the sweet chili variety. What I got was KFC chicken + Thai sweet chili sauce. Good (even decent) fried chicken is hard to make and I was expecting that the chicken would be seasoned well. Dressing it in sauce does not count as seasoning. Am I setting the bar too high?
Yeah, it's pretty freakin' delicious. Got the classic sweet chili and honey garlic- I recommend the former as honey garlic didn't have the oomph I was looking for. Andy's is spicy, sticky fried chicken goodness. I'm lucky enough to live only a few blocks away so the chicken stayed crisp. If you're desperate, eat it in your car. I won't judge.
I've lived in Philly for 6 months and I eat here every Friday after work. Fried Chicken Friday, go in you'll see Andy in there doing genius work.

My go to is a half chicken w fries, throw a few sauces in on the side and it's a go!
This was the best chicken-related experience of my life. period. 

Crunchy skin - moist meat (even the breast) - unbeatable sauce (especially spicy) it was so good it's rendered my otherwise passable language skills to the train wreck above you just read.

I don't even live close by but I still take 2 trains and walk 20 minutes just to eat here - and you should too.

This place is the Bomb.com

(Andy if you're reading this - please please open a place in center city. I'll invest I swear)
After my friend came back from eating Korean fried chicken every day in South Korea, he was craving some more so I thought to try out this place. The meat is super juicy, the spices and sauces on it are all unique and make it taste great. The chicken breading is a little bit thick, but still worth it, especially if you get lunch special prices which come with a side dish. The cole slaw and mac salad are great to round out the chicken with some salty creaminess.
Before coming...do your research. They only take cash so leave those cards at the door. The parking sucks, the store is in "little block land, philly" so ride the philly wave and double park or send ya boyfriend in. Also, order ahead. Don't think you'll run in and out. Ya won't. 
Now to the good stuff. Those wings are sprinkled with angel kisses! They're crunchy, flavorful, light, meaty all that and a bag of chips (they don't give you chips btw). The staff are cool folks and their flavors are everythinggggg. Just remember the rules!
The chicken is out of this world! It is crispy every bite, and the meat underneath is tender and juicy. I hear that they buy the chicken daily. Now that I've had this amazingly fresh chicken, I can't go back to that frozen crap! The servings are also very large and totally worth its value.

The staff was the NICEST people I've ever met in this type of business. I have been in the restaurant biz for 5 years, and I got used to the usual fake niceness jaded employees tend to put on for customers. They were not like that at all. They were so friendly and thoughtful. They encouraged me to try all the sauces and offered me a complimentary beverage. Nice touch. I ordered in person and was told the wait would be 20 minutes. That is totally reasonable. 

I see some reviews on here that complain about the wait. Have some common sense: this is NOT a lousy fast food place. You are getting quality made-to-order double-fried fresh chicken. I went there on a random Tuesday afternoon at 3, so they didn't seem busy. But I hear they do get very busy and sell out. So call ahead and quit whining.

I really don't write many yelp reviews. But I was truly impressed by the service and the quality of their product. Definitely check this place out!
KFC - Korean fried chicken! Andy's Chicken is no frills, you may walk out the door smelling like grease and fried food but it's worth it. The double fried, fried chicken with your choice of 6 sauces, either on the side or sauced is full of flavor. You can notice Andy on the side frying the chicken/cooking the food and his friendly wife handling the phone and register. Friendly, affordable and fresh. A local gem !
Let's get right down to it. This place is good, real goood.
The chicken was delicious. Like, refreshingly delicious. The sauce was delicious also. 

The mussel soup was good also. The noodles put it over the top of delicious 

Even the side of egg and butter rice was good with some rooster sauce, simple delicious 

Over all this place has DELICIOUS comfort food with a Korean twist. 

Eat here!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got andy's chicken delivered through postmates and was kind of disappointed. i was hoping it was going to be more like bonchon wings or cafe soho wings but it was fried chicken. having korean styled fried chicken is not something i'm used to. i always have wings. the wings and the thighs were great but it's always not fun eating a huge fried piece of breast, it was super dry and i wish it had more fried skin to give it more crunch and flavor. the kimchi pork rice was okay. the pieces of pork were all big and fatty. i wish it was cut down to be more bite sized. i think for the price the quality here is do-able. i would definitely recommend them to also offer wings as well as fried chicken.
The most unbelievable fried chicken. I had an Uber driver from South Carolina who said he was ashamed to admit that the best fried chicken he'd ever had was from a Philadelphian Korean chicken joint (and not from the South). It makes other fried chicken establishments look like they're run by amateurs. They also make kimchi fried rice, which I always order as a side to the Half Chicken with Honey Garlic sauce. I get the same thing every time and yet it never gets old. the perfect blend of crispy,moist and flavorful. 

Also the people that work there are always super friendly and always give us extra sauce. 

Keep up the great job guys!
I ordered delivery from here earlier this week and my food (spicy pork) was delivered quickly and still hot. Serving sizes of rice were spot on, but I could have used a little more meat. The meal didn't come with utensils but was otherwise packaged well. It was a good amount of food for the price and satisfied my late night craving, but wasn't anything fancy.
Sorry, an hour and a half is too long to wait for 6 pieces of fried chicken especially for a pick up only establishment. 

The cole slaw is the inedible, wholesaler-brand you scoop out of a 5 gallon bucket. Gross. 

The chicken was as good as gas station fried chicken in the south. 

Andy -  I want you to succeed and you've gotten some great reviews. Please consider getting another deep fryer. Two is not enough. And please upgrade the sides. The thin wax paper bag my sweet potato fries came in burst open from the grease and wound up on my kitchen floor
Long waits, but the chicken is very good. The first time we tried this place, they took our order, we waited over an hour and then they called and said they had a problem in the kitchen and couldn't fill our order.  Turns out they just oversold and I guess didn't take this into account when accepting orders.  The owner was very apologetic and gave us a discount on our next order.
Tummy yummy yummy, I love the Cajun style chicken. I would definitely recommend get the sauce on the chicken.  The make it fresh that day and the give you a good size piece of chicken.
This place blows Federal Donuts and most other fried chicken places in Philly out of the water.  I just wish it was closer.  It was quite a walk from my place in Northern Liberties.  And since there isn't anywhere really to sit, I ended up lyfting it back home just so that I could enjoy the chicken while fresh.  It was delicious, as well as the sweet potato fries.  Next time, I will probably order delivery.
I went to Andy's Chicken yesterday and had great service. The employees answered all of my questions, and even allowed me to sample the sauces so that I could choose what I wanted. 

The chicken was delicious and stayed crispy even after I reheated it in the microwave later for dinner.
Very tasty Korean-style fried chicken. We tried the sweet chili, hot and spicy (level 1), and hot and spicy (level 2). All were great. But hot and spicy level 2 is very hot for most folks. I was happier with level 1 and the sweet chili also had a kick, albeit sweeter. It took about 20 minutes from ordering to eating, so think about phoning in the order beforehand. There are only 2-3 stools at a very small bar to eat in. It's really a take out joint. I thought the prices were reasonable. Lots of sides to choose from and a couple other offering like Bulgogi, spicy pork and rice, and kimchi pork fried rice. But it really is all about the chicken!
I called in the minute they opened because I was warned in advance about the long wait. I specifically asked how long the wait would be and I was told 25 minutes because there is currently no orders in. I ordered chili chicken with mac salad for $11 during HH.

FIFTY minutes later, which was DOUBLE the wait time, we got a call saying the order was ready. I swear they must've forgotten about calling us or something because we got there in 5 minutes, but the chicken was already COLD AND SOGGY! Who wants SOGGY fried chicken?! And not only that, our side order was INCORRECT. 

The people were nice and sauce was good, which is why I am not giving them 1 star, but ultimately we just paid and waited for a cold old order of something we didn't even want.
My husband and I were looking for food to eat and we happened upon Andy's Chicken. We'd heard good things and couldn't resist. What's better than a Saturday night in eating fried chicken, right? 

We decided to go with the sweet chili and onion ring combo and the golden soy and cole slaw combo. The onion rings are worth the hype. They don't give you many, but they are well seasoned and soooooo crispy. The cole slow....we didn't even finish. It was too bland. We had a bite each and put it away. 

The chicken was deeeeeeelicious! Huge pieces of chicken with the perfect proportions of meat to breading. The breast pieces were actually so big that we were overwhelmed with the amount of chicken, but we won't complain about getting too much food! (That would be ridiculous.) Personally, I would get the sweet chili again. The golden soy was good as well, but I found that I needed to add some hot sauce to mine for some extra zing. 

Overall, we would definitely order from them again! The only qualm I had was their cole slaw. I wish the non-fried sides they offered were more refreshing. I would suggest that this establishment serve the traditional pickled radish that other Korean-style chicken places serve. It cuts the oil and is a lovely complement to the meal.
This is the fried chicken you end up bench marking all other fried chicken against. I've never had a bad experience there.

Their egg rice sauce is the thing of dreams.

I was skeptical of the hype, but it is well earned. Keep it up!!!
Stopped here the other night based on other Yelp reviews. I love Korean Chicken and I am happy to have a place closer to me that makes it really good.
Oh my godddd. Bon chon, Cafe soho? Forget it! Andy's is where it's at. Perfect crisp, addictive seasoning, can't get any better than this. Go for the hot and spicy! Moderately spicy and with sweet and but of saltiness. Absolutely divine! Yes, you only get 1 drum, 1 wing, 1 thigh, 1 breast per order, but the meat is fresh and tender! I don't normally do breasts, but I can nibble on Andy's all day
I am Korean and while living in Korea, I have tried many different kinds of chicken. Andy's chicken was good... however, Korean chicken is still much better. It needs to be more crispy. Also, Korean chicken also comes with refreshing pickled radishes that really hits the spot! 

We ordered half a bird of Cajun which wasn't as spicy as I had expected it to be and a whole bird of sweet chili which was very similar (but not exactly) to  (Korean version of sweet chili).

** but no matter what... MUST CONSUME WITH ICE COLD BEER!
Reviews cannot be trusted as owner skews results buy giving discounts to those who post positive reviews. 

The chicken is satisfactory. Extremely greasy and overpriced, but edible. I was mostly turned off by the owners unsavory business tactics.

This is a take-out place.
So I love fried chicken but you know what I love more than that? My thoughts and opinions being heard bc I am patronizing YOUR organization. So I have a group a friends who kept telling me to check out this chicken jawn (yes, I'm from Philly) in fish town. Cool I get there and apparently you can only order a whole, half or quarter chicken. I immediately am turned off as I only ate WINGS and breasts. But I go ahead and order bc we came ALL THE WAY to fish town (from Rox)  for this damn chicken that folks kept ranting about. So the second strike was there isn't really anywhere to sit and eat inside the establishment. For the folks that live in that particular neighborhood it's no problem, but I just told y'all I came all the way over here from Rox & I was hungry. Fine.  Cool, they ring us up and proceed to say "follow us on IG, twitter and fbk &I leave feedback" (I smile and think - you don't know who I am, I will definitely be leaving feedback, check out my other reviews #MrProTip). So I tell them in real time, y'all should definitely have an option just order wings (bc in Philly that's how you make your money and satisfy your target audience... SELL WINGS!!! And the chick kinda rolled her eyes and mumbled something about nah, this is how it is. And I said, understood but since your not from here, I'm giving you a Pro Tip on how to (again) better serve your patrons. The guy hands me a grease soaked brown paper bag with an order of onion rings and say sorry that's just not what we do. Cool then two weeks later on instagram i see "Wing day" advertisements -Y'all owe me a check! Lol. So we get home and the chicken was phenomenal. Onion rings a lil on the greasy side (but it was cheat day) so it was cool. But another Pro Tip: don't ask for feedback then get mad when we give feedback and then steal the ideas that you scoffed at in person. I'd come back (on wing day) IF I was in the area. Wouldn't make the trip on Gp. #MrProTip
I got the beef Bulgogi and it is very flavorful and tasty. I should've asked for some hot sauce.

Staff is very friendly and the place looked clean. 

The only suggestion I have is to serve in a wider container because by the time I got to the bottom of the deep cup, only plain rice was left.
good korean style wings but no where the wings at dolsot in cherry hill. They use too much batter on the chicken. Flavor is medicore. place is very small and you can only order for take out. Call I'm advance because the wings and some menu items could be sold out. Staff is very friendly.
Definitely a solid addition to the neighborhood. If you are giving Andy's 1 star for being sold out of chicken then you should probably do the same for Pizzeria Beddia down the street, it's ridiculous that people want to give Andy's 1 star for being successful. The chicken here is fantastic, the crunch is awesome and the chicken is still very juicy. We did a couple of half chickens and the bulgogi and sweet potato fries. Everything was awesome and I so full by the end. I guess one thing to note about Andy's is that it's just a pick up counter place, there aren't any tables or chairs so just know that going in. We went in on a Wednesday afternoon around 3 pm and they were quite busy and it was about a 30 minute wait for food to take-out so just keep that in mind. I am really glad that Fishtown has its own Korean fried chicken outpost now and that it's really good! Looking forward to going back to Andy's soon.
Andy's kitchen staff was a bit offputting when I ordered. They dismissively said I'd have to wait 25 minutes for my chicken. The wait I'm fine with. I understand good fried chicken, especially Korean style, takes time. I'd prefer a more warm personal experience. As always, this does not affect my rating.

I ordered the sweet chili half chicken basket for $9.50. As far as half-chicken restaurant meals go, this is not terrible pricing. A Peruvian a la brasa joint would likely charge a similar price for a half chicken. 

The first thing one notices about this dish is the sticky, gooey, sweet chili sauce. It's a solid flavor punch. Notes of dried chili, sugar, and garlic. 

The crust of the chicken is very crunchy with more corn flavor than USA-style fried chicken. The bite on this skin is quick, crisp, and not too strong. I've had Korean chicken that uses too much batter. This does not.

The meat on the dark meat (thigh,wing, and drum) was tender, moist, and well seasoned. These were the standouts. The chicken breast had the right skin, but it didn't excel beyond the nature of the white meat. The bite was too tough. Though there was no chalky stick to the protein, it was definitely drier and gave significantly more bite resistance than the other pieces. Perhaps a longer, more intense brining, lower internal temp, and baking soda bath to soothe the protein a bit.

Overall, this was a pleasant eating experience. The food was good. For a dollar less I can go to Giant and get twice as much chicken that's probably 75% as good. Andy's would therefore not be a meal that makes my regular "go-to" list for deals. However, I would certainly come back and pay every once in a while for that last 25% of Korean crafted goodness.
Just left andy's, they are doing a free sample today 2 pieces of chicken with the sauce of your choice. it was totally amaze-balls, SO CRISPY!!! makes federal doughnuts look like amateur hour. GO THERE NOW!!! or wait till monday when they officially open
As good as this food is, and it's incredible, their service is even better. I called and asked a couple questions about the menu and was greeted with freindly and helpful answers. My food was ready faster than expected and they called to let me know. I walked in and the staff (different from the woman that called) was ridiculously friendly. 

So the food. I've had the sweet chili chicken, sweet BBQ chicken, fries, onion rings and butter egg rice. 

Sweet chili is off the charts. So good. And should be the first one tried in my opinion. 
Sweet BBQ was great. I got hot and spicy on the side. And put some of it and it was incredible. 
Fries were a pretty standard order of fries. Solid, but not something totally ground breaking. 
Onion rings were super crispy like the chicken and very good. 
The butter egg rice was simple but very good. And a very nice compliment to cool the pallet after the hot and spicy sauce. 
I'm not a super avid fried chicken eater, but this has changed me. Phenomenal stuff. And unparalleled service.
This is the first place I went as I got off the train to Philly. I was just looking for a place to fill my empty stomach as I stumbled upon the best chicken related experience of my life. I barely noticed how much time had passed as I experienced the cajun sauce glazed half chicken. That night secured Andy's Chicken as one of my go-to places any time I revisit Philly, which will now become much more frequent.
One of the top fried chicken places in town.  Street parking can be a bit of a nightmare (typical Philly), but worth it.  Get it with the sauces.  Without us still good, but then you can just go to Federal Donuts ot another fried chicken place for that.
This is my favorite restaurant in philadelphia 
I eat more than 3 times a week!!
Best chicken in Philadelphia
Good chicken.  I love me some fried chicken.  This chicken was moist and juicy.. Its rare that the white meat is as good as the dark meat, but alas, that was the case.  A little expensive and the wait is long... but i love that its MTO. I shall be back to try again.
Wowzers this is good chicken...

Between BF and I we shared 3 half orders to try some variety. The hot and spicy was our favorite. It had amazing fresh pepper spice flavor. 

The golden soy was also really really good. Comparable to soho chicken and better than bonchon.

The original was good and a nice simple option but we found ourselves using the leftover spicy sauce at the bottom of that box for dip ;)

Incredibly friendly service and very kind owner (I assume) making our chicken fresh in front of us. Growing up in my mom's bakery this hit home the most-- I really adore the mom and pop feel of this sincere and honest hardworking neighborhood establishment. And the chicken lives up the the hype!
Three words: Sweet Thai Chili. The chicken is delicious and the staff is friendly.
Wings were great but the sweet chili and honey garlic were a bit too sweet for my taste. I will definitely go back again but i have had better korean wings before in northern virginia (bonchon and chi mc). the onion rings at andy's were really fantastic... perfectly seasoned and hand breaded.
I called Andy's for a pick-up (they were not doing delivery on Sunday night), and got a friendly employee who took my order.  However, 1 hour later when I picked up my food and  brought it home, I realized I was missing all of the sauces that I ordered, a side dish, AND the food was lukewarm at best.  Extremely disappointing.  I order large portions of food for meetings a lot and will not be calling Andy's again.
I want so hard to give Andy's Chicken a 5 star review... if I was just reviewing the chicken I would! I loved the chicken... I ordered a 1/2 chicken with the Sweet Chili sauce and I loved it. 
However you need to order way in advance if you are ordering at dinner time. We had to wait an hour to pick it up. I wish I would have called the order in. But my biggest problem with Andy's Chicken is I was so excited to see Bulgogi on the menu so I order it also. The photo on the menu makes it look like you will get a plate sized serving of this dish and a small bowl of rice. What I received was a large container of rice with about 3-5 small pieces of beef on top of all the rice. I was very disappointed in the serving size and will never order that dish again. It might be a while before I order from here again. But the chicken was awesome.
I had Korean fried chicken once and it was fabulous.  So the bae and I decided to go to Andy's for lunch just two days after it had opened.  We placed our order and was told it would be 20 minutes,  ONE HOUR LATER.... our chicken was ready.  Now lets remember this place is brand new and the woman working the register was very apologetic and offered to throw in some sides since we had to wait 3X as long as we should have.  So I forgive them for this and hope that in the future they will get the timing down to a science.

As far as the chicken goes, it was delish!   We got a half order of the sweet and sour and a half order of the cajun.  I thoroughly enjoyed both.  Bae is a fuss monster and he was not a huge fan of the cajun as he said it was not what he expected.  It was delish, dont listen to him.  It was enough to have leftovers too!  

Bottom line:  Go when you have a lot of time to kill or call it in an hour before you want to eat it because it is very delicious fried chicken and I will be back for some more in the future.
Andy's Chicken had sold out of chicken the first time we went. We got there about 30 minutes before closing on a Saturday night. The second time we arrived at about 2:45 in the afternoon. Plenty of chicken. I ordered the sweet chili fried chicken and a side of buttered rice and egg. My wife ordered the golden soy fried chicken and sweet potato fries. While the skin on the sweet chili was tasty and crisp, the meat on the larger pieces was undercooked. Fried chicken meat shouldn't be chewy and blood tinged. My wife reported the same about her chicken.  The sides were serviceable. Nothing special. I suppose we could return and  ask for the chicken to be cooked well-done. But, I'm fairly certain that we won't be going back.
The honey garlic  chicken was amazing. Andy has the best onion rings ever and its worth the 25 minute wait .
So  clucking good. I am staying in the neighborhood for the weekend and noticed this eatery. I am so happy I did and would recommend it to anyone. The chicken was amazing, moist, tender, and the skin was perfectly crunchy and flavorful. It was nice that they sides and friendly and attentive service. No seats in the restaurant, so this place is fabulous for carry out.
No frills take out place with "one table and two chairs" outside. The chicken comes with seven different sauces and they are willing to let you try before buying.  For the price ($12 for a combo with rice) I felt I could have gotten better. The chicken was good but not $12 good. Everyone enjoyed the meal and if I'm around I'd certainly stop in again but wouldn't take an Uber over specifically for this reason.
Not as crunchy as traditional Korean chicken  , but the meat was moist and cooked to perfection .  The seasoning for my hot and spicy chicken had a great balance , a hint of sweet but still spicy enough to keep on  eating . Differently one of the Top  fried chicken joint in Philly!
The chicken was pretty good but it's a lil over priced. There no seating which kind of sucks, so we couldn't really eat it there. The chicken probably would've been better if we were able to sit down and enjoy it when it's fresh out the fryer.
Finally got a chance to check this place out after hearing so much about it. Living in jersey I am exposed to a ton of fried chicken joints and when I heard about Andy's I had to give it a shot. Upon arrival we walked in and ordered our food. Very hole in the wall type place. Me and my friend ordered the sweet chili and it was advertised as a happy hour. 4 pieces and a side for 10.99. With the drink it came out to about 14 dollars after tax. I went with the sweet potato fries as a side and my friend went with the butter egg rice. After ordering he told us  it would be 20 minutes so me and my friend strolled around the block until it was ready. 


After we returned he handed us the food and we walked to a foreclosed house right up the street and ate our chicken on the stoop. Like a real Philadelphian should. Haha but anyway about the chicken, it was absolutely cooked to perfection. The sweet chili sauce was incredible and very savory and thick. The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The breading was one of a kind. I gotta say out of all the pieces the thigh was the best part and the sweet potato fries were excellent. Not too bland and had plenty of salt and seasoning to compliment them. My friend wasn't the biggest fan of the butter egg rice but I mean what more can you ask for with rice that has an egg slapped on top of it. My only complaint about this trip was the man didn't give me more napkins. It was very tough eating that chicken on the stoop with 3 napkins because the sauce was very sticky haha. Had to use those napkins very strategically. But all in all this was so delicious and I will definitely be returning.
Andy's Chicken is hands down the best fried chicken I've ever had in my entire life. Went with the Sweet Chili for my first experience. The skin was crisped to perfection, the sauce was beyond flavorful, and the chicken was unbelievably moist. I was blown away by how incredible each bite was. Literally couldn't stop eating it. Also ordered a side of onion rings, and they too were amazing. Do yourself a favor and experience the wonders of Andy's Chicken. You'll never be the same again.
Move over federal donuts! A new star has been born.  This was a 5 star experience from the phone call.  Conservative wait time was given on the food and it was ready ahead of time.  Props to promising a later completion with an earlier turn around, you can never disappoint that way.  I received a call when it was ready which almost never happens with pickup.   I was in the door and my food was still hot even after me being late for 10 minutes. The service was friendly and expeditious.  I arrived home and the food was still hot 5 minutes later.  It was really delicious and the side offerings were traditional Korean staples that matched very well.  The price tag is ambitious and competitive at the time of this review.  Hopefully it can stay that way so we can continue to enjoy and the business can survive.


Thanks and I'll be back
Chris
I was so excited to try Andy's Chicken. I was not disappointed one bit. I grew up around a lot of Koreans and eat tons of Korean Style chicken. And Andy's was awesome. They were swamped with people and yet kept their cool and were so kind and apologetic for the wait. #worthit
The fried chicken is tits!!! I had the sweet chili and it was so good. I like federal chicken, but this might be better. The option to have sides definitely makes it better when I want more than donuts. The pork and kim chee fried rice was even more amazing and I couldn't stop eating it. I had andy's 3 days ago and plan on having more delivered today. Happy belated bday to me!!!!
Best chicken I've had in Philly. Worth the trip over to Fishtown. I got the whole chicken with half Sweet Chili and half Cajun sauce. Both were delicious and the chicken was juicy and tender. I did have to wait 30+ minutes for the order but it was a Friday night and it only further convinced me of its freshness. My new go-to chicken joint.
Friendly employees and some darn good chicken. Can't go wrong with an emphasis on fresh food. Would like a little more menu variety, maybe choice in meat (I don't like legs at all, even if these are excellent), and I guess I can't complain about the lack of room in the place. Nothing they can do about that. Good stuff. I'll come back when I want some dang chicken.
The experience starts before you walk in the door cause you can smell the delicious chicken as soon as you approach the corner. Without fail whenever you walk in all the employees greet you. The fried chicken is the star, and the bulgogi is another favorite of mine. All the different sauces for the chicken are good, honey garlic is our go to. And on your way home to enjoy your feast, all of the staff says bye. Great food and friendly service. This place is a must visit when in Fishtown.
Andy...   Whoever Andy is has it figured out.  I saw a picture thru another food business and dreamt of this try for two weeks. It's in the middle of Fishtown where bars and pizza joints dominate corner businesses.  So I figured in order to be open for three years this place has to be good.  

The Chicken-  They have various flavors to use on top of golden Korean Fried Chicken. It looks beautiful just sitting there underneath the warmers. The meat is cooked to perfection. Rips right off the bone with spicey chili pasted on and is on every piece.  I must say it has such a different taste for chicken that it's a game changer.  Only a few Korean BBQ chicken places I've tried but Andy's reins Supreme.

The KimChi rice-  Such a wonderful taste for fried rice it kinda mixes a Chinese Fried rice with a Spanish kick in taste only.  The only down side a order of this beautiful portion is 12.95.   I'd like to see a chicken kimchi rice combo.

The Onion Rings- very tasty onion that is there and juices scream in your mouth with flavor. 

The Staff- they took there time with us knowing it was our first time trying them. We were able to try the sauces before we ordered. We are originally from the Philly area but never knew  of Andy's.  Now we know and will be back.
The chicken is very good. Why only 4 stars? The level 2 spicy sauce can be hotter. If they offer level 3, I would be hooked. 

If you're a kfc fan, try Cafe Soho in Cheltenham, they rock.
Im hooked! this place has the best korean fried chicken in philly!
Went to call and order takeout at 5:30pm on Friday and they were SOLD OUT of chicken.. Umm, isn't this called Andy's Chicken??? Either they're insanely popular or they have a horrible business strategy. How can you sell out of your main dish?? I don't get it..
We live in the neighborhood and have heard so much hype about Andy's that we had to give it a try.   We called last week on Thursday at 9pm and they were completely sold out which was totally disappointing like when you want that new bike on Christmas, but you get a sweater and socks instead...  many tears were shed. haha  

 So we decided today ( Sunday) to place an order early at 3:30pm - we had to try to get through on the phone a few times, but finally we placed our order and were told it would be 2 HOURS!!!  - My initial though was - HELL NO - but the hype made me so curious I was willing to deal with the wait... they took my number and promised they'd call me if it was done earlier - when I went to get the food 2 hours later at 5:30 - they told me it was going to be another 15-20 minutes - NOT GOOD!   But I'm a pretty nice dude and I respect that they are a new business so I put my old school Fishtown attitude on hold and said "Ok" ...

 Eventually we got the food... we ordered Honey Garlic and Hot and Spicy Chicken - an order of Spicy Pork and some french fries - 

 My first bite was VERY disappointing - I don't know if I was expecting more after all of the stuff we heard or what, but the chicken was gummy - and soggy - the flavor was pretty good - but it was not what I expected - however - that was the ONLY bite of chicken that wasn't fantastic -  Every other bite of chicken was very crispy and delicious - I'd definitely go with the Hot and Spicy over the Honey Garlic which was a little too sweet for me. 

 The Spicy pork was OUTSTANDING and I believe the best thing we ate - so good! 

 French fries were awful - soggy and limp - which is funny considering they are from a business who makes crispy stuff for a living - 

 Overall - I'd recommend them to anyone - The guys in the store were SUPER NICE and apologetic about the wait time - the place was super clean - which says a lot since they were so busy.

 Looking forward to trying this again - all the best and much success wished to Andy and his chickens - Wacka Wacka Wacka !
My husband and I were SO excited for the opening of Andy's Chicken in Fishtown!  But, with the strong PR push just before it's opening, we quickly learned that we would have to wait.  We called on Friday, just after their Grand Opening.  We were told that they had "Sold Out".  Disappointed, but having understood, we waited until Sunday.  But again... they were "Sold Out".  It seems that the demand was so high (or, the food was that good?) that there was a 3 hour wait time on all orders placed earlier that afternoon.  Andy was extremely kind and apologetic and allowed me to place an order for the following day (to be picked up shortly after 5pm).
Our third attempt at takeout worked like a charm.  We received a call to confirm our order would be ready within the hour.  When I arrived, everything was hot, freshly-packed up and ready to go.
The staff is so friendly and accommodating, and the food is AMAZING!  All chicken is prepared fresh (not frozen).  We ordered the "Sweet Chili" and "Old Fashioned" chicken, along with Bulgogi and the Chicken Soup with Noodles. Well-worth the wait for a great meal!  Welcome to Fishtown!
OMFG! Andy's serves up the best KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) in the region. We got three half orders of hot and Spicy, sweet chili, and the original. All were perfectly fried crispy yet juicy on the inside and were delicious. My favorite of the three was the hot and spicy. Perfect amount of heat with a hint of sweet...yummy! Call ahead for pick up.
Chicken was moist and crispy. The sweet chili sauce was yummy. The sweet potato fries were perfect. The bulgogi was light on meat and flavor. Go for the chicken only. Disappointing that you can only order in half or whole chickens.
Pros: Andy's Chicken is delicious. It's perfectly fried and has delicious sauces. The garlic is my favorite. You also get whole or half chickens, which means variety in dark and white meat.

Cons: the sides... they're a little iffy. But you're not going there for french fries; you're going for fried chicken. GO FOR THE FRIED CHICKEN.
I went the first day they were open. The chicken is great, and very fresh. While waiting I could watch them fry the chicken, which doesn't sound exciting, but the sound mixed with the smells made me very excited to eat it. It's take out only, so I was surprised that the chicken stayed crispy on my short drive home. I had the sweet chili sauce, which was good, but I wish it was spicier. Which probably means I should just order a spicier sauce next time. 

They sold out when I was leaving, around 5 pm, so if you go you should take that into consideration. I didn't have a problem when I walked in, and the wait was probably 10-15 minutes, but the people in front of me seemed to have waited a bit longer. The wait was worth it.
I love this place! We don't really have anything asian in the hood so this is awesome! The chicken is so fresh and tasty!!!  You have call ahead to make sure there isn't a wait to order!
If you're in Fishtown or literally anywhere in Philadelphia and you have a craving for Korean fried chicken, Andy's is the spot. I've had about half of the flavors on the menu and they're all amazing. Highly recommended.
Andy's menu feels diverse and large enough to find something yum yum for your tum tum! The staff are accommodating especially Andy. The spices and sauces blend the ol' classic mix of Southern American and Korean that you love if you know the trend. I tried the Spicy Sauce on top of a larger than life piece of chicken. The flavor was well balanced. I could see the pepper flakes on every inch. Andy's fills the void of fried chicken delivery in Fishtown.
Very yummy chicken!  Definitely better than any fried chicken joint I have tried.  I do wish they had some seasoning versions, rather than just sauces (like Federal Donuts).  Then this place would be next level.  But as of now the seasoning is sauce applied after its cooked (just sauces), but the chicken itself is still delicious without the sauces as well. The only reason for 4 stars is how hard it was to find a menu online and lack of flavor if you don't want to add a sauce (in particular a bunch of sugary sauce, which I steer clear of :).

Other than that, it was still awesome and the people there were very nice (and the establishment is very clean).

I will be going back for sure!

OH AND THEY TAKE CARDS NOW!!!!
Hands down the best chicken-related experience of my life. If you come to Philly and don't go to Andy's you are missing out big time.
Amazing find. We ordered the Cajun chicken and got soooo much food for the price. Leftovers stay well. It's all fried chicken so don't go expecting anything healthy but the place definitely knows how to pack a taste. 
Also don't go expecting a nice sit down place. It's take out and looks like your neighborhood mini mart so is easy to miss. Will definitely go back when I'm in need for some pick me up chicken
Just an update, I've come to love Andy's and now favor them over Cafe Soho. The staff are super friendly and accommodating. 

Hands down, my favorite KFC place. I drive from Rockledge to Fishtown at least once to twice a month for this.
This place absolutely lives up to the hype. I got a half of the spicy sweet chili chicken and it was worth the $10. The chicken was crispy and light on the outside, and moist and dense with juices and flavor on the inside. The sauce had all the nuance of a much more expensive restaurant, expertly balancing that sweet tang with the heat. I'll definitely be back!
A new haven in Fishtown! Got the original fried chicken and the hot and spicy and Bulgogi. The hot and spicy was too spicy for me, so if you got a thing for heat, that's your dish. The original was good, but a wee bit bland...it totally did not stop me from stuffing my gob and getting greasy. Now, let's discuss the Bulgogi. Crave-able good...like, I wish I would have ordered enough for lunch and dinner for tomorrow! I felt it necessary to call after our meal with my greasy fingers to tell them how good it was, and to wish them luck. They won't need it by the sounds of it. The two hour wait was a bit of a turn off, but they are the newest toy in the box and everyone wants to play. They even gave us a few cans of soda and a bottle of water to make up for the wait. Great guys and excellent service. We will be ordering again soon.
The best ever ~ Fast service while I waited at curb ~ If you need cash, Fishtown Deli across street diagonally only charges $1 for withdrawal
OMG i found this place a few months ago.. its like a secret nobody never heard of it outside my neighborhood. the chicken and sauces are sooo good
Delicious, crunchy, tangy, and spicy. Andy's chicken's rep indefinably lived up to its hype! Went here on a random weeknight and luckily no one else was there. We placed our order and were told the wait would be 25 mins. Normally, I would get impairment but going into a place like this you expect greatness takes time. And it sure didn't disappoint! We got the chili Thai flavor and the chicken came out piping hot, super crunchy and just bursting with flavor. Go on the weekdays- you wont hit as much of a crowd as you would on the weekends!
This is not the traditional Korean fried chicken I am use to. They're not orders of wings so if that's what you're expecting, you'll be disappointed. Half and whole orders actually means half or a whole chicken. Comes with one wing, breast, thigh and drumstick. We got the honey garlic and soy but there was not enough flavor on the wings. I don't particularly like my fried chicken with slabs of sauce on it so didn't get the other ones they offer. Overall, they're okay. If there was more flavor to the soy/honey wings then I'd probably enjoy it more. About $18 for a whole order. 
Quickly made- probably because the chicken is already pre-fried so it's just being fried again when you place your order. 
Street parking.
Andy's was on my must try list for a while and I must say, it made it up to one or top favorites for KFC. Definitely recommend the sweet chili! Not only do they have great and friendly service but they're also quick! I just wish you could order by the piece instead of either a half or whole chicken. I like my skin to meat ratio to be more equal (wing and drumstick all the way). But nonetheless I'm glad that they're only a five minute drive away.
Got take out for a hot and spicy whole chicken. It was so so good, so crunchy outside and juicy inside. I was told 15 mins, got there and ready for me. Def going back there for more.
I went to Andy's Chicken and I have to say, it's awesome. The staff are great. They are helpful and really care about the whole experience. The chicken is hands down the best fried chicken I've ever had. Totally kick ass. The sauces are amazing, I like the garlic one.
