Since my last review over half a decade ago, Angelino's has become a staple in my household.

They temporarily closed at one point in 2019 and I cried. Thankfully they are backing and still delicious during the pandemic.

We ordered a few sandwiches over Grubhub; living in Fairmount, they came delivered so warm. I've had food get colder being carried across a restaurant; from other establishments, of course. 

Thankfully Angelino's is still with us and thankfully they are still awesome.
You know a meal is great , when it's the next day and you wish you could go right back there and eat the meal again ! 


I am love with the vodka pizza here. 
My first apartment almost 20 years ago was around the corner. I am upset this place didn't exist then. I might still be living there. 

My husband and I ordered individual pies. 
For the first time ever, I saw him struggle to finish his heavyweight pie. On the other hand , I had no problem polishing off my vodka pie. ( I have a problem. I don't care. ) 

The fries are the only thing I wasn't crazy about. They were the beer battered type. Not my favorite BUT they were good. 

Our server was nice, the space was clean. 
We got here around 4pm right before it got crowded. 

Maybe I should move back to the neighborhood? The vodka pie has me thinking about it.
4/11 update:   Hey guys, they opened back up as of yesterday but only for eat-in and takeout; Grubhub will start delivering again in the near future.  

There will be some changes to their menu, but most items are still available.
I have never been to Angelino's, I have only had them deliver. Their pizza is pretty good. They brush garlic oil on the crust, which is divine. They used real mushrooms instead of those gross canned ones I sometimes end up with at other places. 

Their buffalo wings are good, too. They are bigger than some other pizza restaurants.

My only issue is it takes a while to get it delivered. They always say 45 minutes on the phone, but it tends to take around an hour.
I have been going to Angelinos for two years now and while the food is good, today's customer service will keep me from ever returning again. I went in with my brother at 6:30pm who was visiting from New Jersey, I raved about the restaurant and promised him he would love Angelinos. Unfortunately after today's service we both won't be returning. 

The restaurant got crowded really quick and just as quickly our server got overwhelmed and couldn't keep track of table orders. I watched her take our appetizer to 3 different tables before getting to us. The appetizer, Jammin Shrimp took 40 minutes to come out. She apologized for the wait and promised to bring out salads, those never came out. 

I went in with the intention of also ordering take out for my boyfriend, realizing how slow they were I decided to order his cheeseburger sub after our appetizer came out to make sure it was ready when we were done with our entree. 

At this point, it was one hour and ten minutes in and we finally got our cheesesteak and BLT wrap. Not sure why it took one hour and ten minutes to come out... Waitress dropped it off and walked off. 

Once we were done I asked for my leftovers to be boxed, she dropped off the check and apologized for the cheeseburger sub not yet being ready to take home. At this point it had been an hour since I had ordered the cheeseburger sub to go.

I noticed the check was for just a cheeseburger and when I asked her why it wasn't for the sub (it still wasn't out, I was paying for something that was still an hour in the making) she casually mentioned they don't have that item anymore. I told her I pulled it from their website and she replied, "yea its outdated, so your cheeseburger is coming out soon". 

Since I was hosting my brother I did not want to make us stay any longer (at this point we had been there over two hours and thirty minutes) to resolve a cheeseburger vs. cheeseburger sub order so I paid and left. The waitress knew I was not happy about the situation because I told her but did not offer to resolve the matter in any way. Worst part is the cheeseburger was undercooked and  ended up getting thrown out. Their online menu also states the sub came with fries, but since "they don't have that anymore", all I got was the burger. 

I am very disappointed by Angelinos customer service, will not be returning and will not be recommending.
Racists. I live .2 miles away from this place and they do not deliver to my house.
Angelino's is a small mom and pop Italian restaurant in the middle of fairmount, and while I really wanted to like it, it felt short in too many ways. 

The service: it was a Friday and there was one maybe two servers for the whole place. It took us twenty minutes to get water, forty minutes to get bread, and over an hour and a half to get our entrees. 

The food: when the food finally did come it was unrecognizable. The lasagna was a flat mess of (mostly) salty cheese and the chicken parm was similarly smothered. Everything was bland or oversalted and we were really disappointed. My sister asked the waitress to send back the lasagna because it neither looked not tasted apetizing  and she just kind. Of looked at my sister and then said '...ok.'. Didn't ask what was wrong with it or if she wanted anything else instead, just took away the plate and she sat there without food for the rest of the meal. Really bad waiting etiquette. 

Maybe they just had an off night and maybe the waitress was new, I hope so, but I won't be back to check.
I am gonna be generous and give them 4 stars as they cater 9and in a timely manner, I might add) many of our office functions.  The pizza is 3 star but the salads are chock full of goodies (eggs, olives, tomatoes, cucumbers, etc.)

They also served a unique hot sandwich platter at one of our meetings.

Very nice change from pizza.
If I'm being honest here, this is probably more a 2.5 star review. Delivery only right now -- but I'm not too sure that I'll walk down the street to dine-in and give them a second chance.

I ordered three items the other night: a white pizza, chicken tenders and the chicken salad club.

I'll start with the club. I was craving chicken salad (this is nothing new), but I noticed that their club did not include bacon. I did, however, notice that bacon was something they offered on their menu in other places. Via GrubHub, I requested bacon to be added and wrote that an additional cost was fine by me.

Well -- the club didn't come with bacon on it, which was a bummer, but maybe that was my fault for not calling them to confirm that they could indeed make the basic addition of adding bacon to a club. The bigger issue: the actual sandwich itself. There was something off about this sandwich. It may have been the cheese (odd texture), or the bread (too buttery), or maybe there was too much mayo on the chicken. Nonetheless -- I only ate a quarter of it. Shame.

The white pizza didn't turn out much better. It was just... bland and seriously lacked the flavor that white pizzas usually are known for.

Finally, the savior of the order: the chicken tenders. They tasted exactly like how you would imagine delivery chicken tenders should taste. They were good. Not amazing, but good. Came with honey mustard.

Delivery was speedy, which is always appreciated.

Angelino's does have a huge menu, so maybe I just chose the wrong items. Still, it was a letdown to dislike 2/3 selections.
A first and last time getting food from Angelino's for me. I can't even begin to describe how disappointed I am with their delivery service. Placed our order at ~7:30 pm. Called at 9:00 pm to check on the status of the delivery. I was told that they were backed up with deliveries and the driver would be leaving right then with our food. No biggie, it is a rainy Saturday night out.  However, 40 minutes later when the food still didn't arrive and realizing the restaurant closed  at 10:00 pm, we decided to call again. Okay...this time it would really go out. Got it 20 minutes later, only nearly 2 and a half hours after it was placed (that is after I was told on the phone when placing the order that it should be delivered within the hour, aka by 8:30 pm). 

I'm not one to complain about food, but seeing that everything we ordered is luke warm, and soggy (cheese fries and onion rings) from condensation, it doesn't exactly make me happy. I ordered the vodka pizza after many rave reviews. It's okay. The crust is tasty, and I could probably speak more highly of it, but again, it's lukewarm. My boyfriends brother did say his chicken penne pasta was good for whatever it is worth.

Try it, or don't try it, I likely won't be returning again.
A review update that is long overdue! After a year of ordering Angelino's pizza, it has become my "go to" pizza spot. I have always been impressed with their crust - it's thin but not too thin and perfectly seasoned with garlic (yum). I have tried plain, Buffalo chicken, chicken pesto (so unique and delicious), sausage, pepperoni, etc.  Long story short this pizza is quality -

I have also ordered Italian food from here before - penne vodka and a seafood pasta dish. Also delicious. This fairmount/Brewerytown local spot is filled with amazing food and a great local business to support!
Honeymoon's over, bitches. I've had too many mediocre experiences. From the chewy wing incident to the sloshed topping episode, I'm almost ready to write them off for good. 

I can get Rustica in less time, amazingly. Also, too much cheese for me, my body can't take it anymore.
Not to give too much away, but I live pretty much around the corner from Angelino's. They receive two stars because they are the closest restaurant to my home and I appreciate convenience. The food, however, lacks. The BLT my boyfriend ate there once was a-okay, and the dessert I picked up with my pizza one night was fine, too. 

The pizza, however. It isn't the worst pizza I've ever had, but it's far from the best (see: review of Tacconelli's). The first time I ordered from here was a few weeks after moving in. We ate an entire pizza between the two of us, pretty much. SALT OVERLOAD. Also, quite greasy. I'm not sure where the high level of saltiness was coming from, but I could feel it. Later that night (around 4am), we both woke up thirsty, thirsty as hell. We scrambled around the kitchen drinking water, ginger ale, and for some reason my boyfriend thought milk would aid the situation. To quote Ron Burgundy, "Milk was a bad choice." I stuck with water and, eventually, our thirst subsided. We were confused at first. Then we decided to blame it on the pizza.

In short, Angelino's doesn't suck but it doesn't rule. And I haven't had it in a while and will probably give it another chance sometime this winter when I don't feel like waiting on delivery or walking the extra 4 or 5 blocks to Luigi's.
We ordered a vodka pizza and a white pizza our first time and while the white was solid, the vodka pizza was unbelievably good. Tonight we ordered a large vodka pie and a calamari starter. Everything was amazing. This is the best Italian in this area and definitely some of the best pizza in Philly. Let's keep supporting small businesses!
Wanna start by saying pizza is my favorite food so it was a must that I pulled up to a pizza joint and see if I could find a pie to satisfy my craving.      I'm new to the Philly scene and to my surprise it's seems like I'm in good luck.   There's a overwhelming amount of mom & pops pizza joints to choose from but for me the more the merrier!        
   I decided to give Angelino's pizzeria a shot , honestly wasnt my 1st choice but by the fate of the " Pizza Gods" my 1st choice didnt answer the phone so Angelinos it was....Boyy was I in for a treat with the infamous signature Vodka pizza!!
I also got a cheese steak but the pizza stoled the show.  Will have to get another pizza in the near future from here
I got lunch from Angelino's today and remember why I've only ordered from there once before. The last time I went, my order wasn't ready and they messed up the order. This time, I ordered online. I waited 30 minutes before going to pick up my order for the girl to tell me "it didn't print correctly". Meanwhile, she picks it up right in front of her face - so turns out she never gave it to the kitchen. She asks if I can sit and wait for it for a few minutes. About 5 minutes later, a kid walks in and orders 4 items. 15 minutes later, his food is ready, but not mine. They completed his whole order when he ordered 35 minutes after me and I only had 1 item. 30 minutes after sitting there and my meal was ready. So an hour after I originally ordered. I get home and open the box and everything is just thrown in there. It did not even look appetizing. I will never go back there and do not recommend it. Awful service.
Their pizza was so delicious I literally had to bring my hungover ass straight to yelp so I could talk about it. We got an 18 in pie with sausage and pepperoni and everything from the crust, to the sauce, to the cheese was perfect. I'm drooling talking about it and I just ate here. Don't even bother getting pizza anywhere else in this area!

We also got wings and tenders which were really good as well, but the pizza was definitely the best part. Friendly staff was worth a mention, as well as the super quick pick up.
My husband and I were looking for a low key BYOB pizza night and decided to give Angelino's another try. And I'm so glad we did!

The restaurant is a family owned and the quintessential mom and pop pizza shop. It has a down to earth and the atmosphere is very relaxed and comfortable.

My husband and I seated ourselves and were immediately greatly by an energetic and friendly waitress. She brought us glasses for our bottle of wine and some water as well. With some help from our waitress, we both selected our own small sized pizza and garlic sticks to share. We were debating between the individual or small pizzas but she suggested the smalls because you get more pizza for your buck. She also suggested making an omelet with our pizza leftovers. We didn't get a chance to do that but the idea sounded great and will certainly be something I do in the future. 

The garlic sticks came with a side of marinara sauce that was home style and out of this world good. It was hearty, flavorful and had pieces of tomato and basil. There were four pieces which made it easy to split.

The pizza by far stole the show. I ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and it was awesome! Our waitress warned me that it wasn't a traditional buffalo chicken pie with hot sauce drizzled throughout a white pizza, but it was made with their red sauce and the grilled chopped chicken that was cooked with hot sauce. Rather than using a bleu cheese, they went with a bold move and used a mix of gorgonzola and mozzarella cheese which gave it a unique and delicious taste. In general the crust was light and flakey, and the edge of the crust was lightly dusted with Italian seasoning.

Due to some poor planning and some misinformation from a weather report, it was raining before we left. Not thinking, I had worn a suede jacket and started to panic that it would get ruined on the walk home. Our waitress brilliantly and generously offered us several plastic bags, for my jacket and to carry the pizza boxes so our leftovers wouldn't get soaked. 

I'm so glad we gave Angelino's a second chance because we had an evening of great service and great pizza. We will be back.
So good. The burgers are huge and the avocado toast was great! I didn't eat the pizza but it smelled amazing.
The food has always been delicious.  They aren't the quickest but that just makes me think they make everything fresh.  When you could eat inside, it was always busy inside, with waits on the weekends. 
If you are in the area, definitely pop in for a quick bite. 

did i mention its byo!!!
I ordered delivery from here, was looking for a simple quick dinner... large plain pizza pie and Caesar salad. Delivery experience was great, it arrived 2 minutes early, pizza was still hot! 

The dressing to the Caesar salad was delicious, definitely seems home made. Also garlic rolls were included with the delivery which was a nice, unexpected surprise. I will let it be known, that I am a pizza snob. This place makes a solid plain pie! I went with the "classic Angelino's pie" it was a simple cheese pizza and had some seasonings on it (Parmesan, oregano, etc.) Still not New York pizza, BUT really good for Philly! My favorite part is their crust! They make such a solid dough (not too thin, not too doughy, perfect crisp). 

Will definitely be ordering from here in the future, want to try some other items on their menu too!
Probably the best pizza I have had in the city thus far. The pie is relatively cheap for how large it is, but the toppings are hit or miss. I'd say, stick with plain or pepperoni.

I want to expand this review (2/22/10): the restaurant itself is a cute little BYO. My sis, her fiance and I went here for a snack and they were so impressed that she said that this may become a regular spot for her to visit when she comes to see me. We got a small pepperoni pie and sodas for less than $15. That's a hell of a deal.
Absolutely love this place. the food is excellent and priced very well. Angelino's is a great place for dining-in and delivery. They feature daily specials that I highly recommend and the pizza will please garlic lovers.  The restaurant is BYOB, which makes it a good place for groups of friends to go out and eat because you will not rack up a large bill here.
I ordered here for takeout. I couldn't decide what I wanted so I ordered 2 different personal pies.

Personal margherita (good, not the best I've ever had)
Personal white pizza (delicious) 
-the personal pizzas are very large and lasted me quite a few meals 
- I'm actually fairly impressed with this pizza and will definitely order from here again. 
- reasonable prices!!!
Let me start by saying I have been going to this restaurant since 2005. In the past year, the issues that we have experienced are making me truly consider never giving them my business again... And that is heartbreaking because I would consider myself a regular. I actually loved this place, but.........

-the new wait staff is rude and inexperienced 

-the owner continually acts like he is annoyed that people come there to order food, take a trip over to Lazo's and chat with the owner there .. That is a prime example of how customers should be treated 

-if you show up when the food isnt ready (even when you are on time) they act annoyed


-they now charge you for even using a credit or debit card. This is disgraceful! You should be prepared to pay those fees from the credit card companies.. Not charge your loyal customers extra on every tab


-eating there on a regular basis we started to notice that the food was hit or miss some nights, which is disappointing because some nights it is SO good

I really hope they start to get back to there old selves ... Angelinos right now is not worth my money
My friend just moved to the neighborhood so we decided to explore.  Angelino's was nearby and had good ratings so we went.  Great parts of the experience - the atmosphere clearly welcomed families, the old, and the young, there was also an older gentleman playing music and walking around to the tables with an accordion...very cool!  The food was pretty good and well priced.  The pasta dishes were tasty, breadsticks fresh and homemade, and salads were fresh as well.  Our calamari appetizer was tasty but a little overcooked.

Now for the bad part.  It's a little after 10 PM (closing time) and we're finishing up our food.  Our waitress "jokes" that we'll be kicked out soon because they're closing shortly.  Haha great, yeah...we pay our bill.  There's still 2 other tables there also winding down...one of them a large party of 10 people.  You can tell everyone there is just finishing up their wine (it's BYOB) and likely the place will be empty in 5 - 10 minutes.  Well, that didn't happen because instead the waitresses came around to their tables saying we need to leave, "We've been closed for 20 minutes, so we'll need you to get going...the owner he gets kinda of....yeah but finish your wine!"  Ok, don't lie to my face and tell me to finish my wine when you really want me to leave...so she blamed the owner, whatever, you know the truth is she just wanted to go home.  Fine!  I waitressed for like 5 years in the past and know what it's like.  However we had just tipped 20% and the way they went about kicking out their patrons was just downright rude.  Don't even bother trying to show up here within the last hour they're open or they likely won't even serve you.

Angelino (if you're an actual person), you owe us an apology!  Also, you need to teach you waitresses restaurant etiquette, and appreciate the customers paying your salary.
Things I'm thankful for:  Good health, Great friends, and Vodka Pizza.

I've never tasted such delicious pizza in all of my 27 (and counting) years as an equal opportunity pizza consumer.  It is so incredibly delicious, cooked to perfection, and the fresh basil baked into the cheese really tops it off.  I dream about the Vodka Pizza. 

And can we talk about the incredible price points?  Yes, let's.  Angelino's keeps it real with its incredibly affordable food, which the cheap-o in me loves.  A night out for me and the man-friend with a bottle of wine (did I mention it's BYO?) doesn't have to leave us pinching pennies for the rest of the weekend, but instead fills our bellies with warm Italian goodness.

Disclaimer:  This is not the type of place you'd want to take a first date in Philadelphia... this is the type of place you bring your one true love (and the kids... and the grandkids) for years and years to come.

Good thing we moved around the corner!
Great local italian restaurant and pizzeria with authentic recipes. Living closeby we probably ordered Angelino's pizza once.. Ok, ok twice a week. Usually the pepperoni pizza. Sauce is flavorful, perfect amount of cheese, they definitely don't skimp on the toppings, and we can never pass up the garlic crust. So good. Just so good.

But don't discount Angelino's as just a pizza place. The dinner entrees are great too. On our last visit we had the eggplant parmesan (photo attached, don't mind my greedy husband's intruding fork). Perfect if you ask me. We also ordered the lasagna, takes about 40 minutes to cook but is WELL WORTH IT. Just amazing and the portion is huge. It could easily be 3-4 servings plus the side salad and garlic breadsticks that come with it. The spinach gnocchi in vodka sauce and the penne with prosciutto in vodka sauce are amazing as well. The vodka sauce pizza too. Hell, get anything, it's all delicious! Prices are great too for all the food you get.

BYO - another plus! Need I say more?

Last but not least it is in a pretty quiet residential neighborhood. Parking is usually pretty easy but it's only on the street (free) so you may have to walk a few blocks. 

Love this place, love the owners, love the food! Can't wait to visit philly so we can go back
My husband and I ordered some take-out here one night and walked over to pick it up. I had the chicken parmesan and my husband had the veal parmesan. I also added a tiramisu to it. The meals came with a large salad, spaghetti, and some breadsticks. When we got back, we realized my dessert wasn't in the bag. That infuriates me to NO end.....how hard is it to check the order before giving it to the customer????? We called them and I had to walk back to get it. The girl apologized profusely but it still sucked. Maybe I should have been grateful for the extra excuse to burn those tiramisu calories. 

In addition to the salad, the portions were huge! I made my chicken parm into two meals and it was really good. The spaghetti was really bland, but I don't really eat it anyway. The tiramisu was easily the best I have ever had which pisses me off because I REALLY wanted to be mad for them making me walk back for it. Alas, I have to be honest...it was awesome. Therefore, I will be back.
I have been to Angelinos pretty frequently and I never regret it. The best thing I've had there is the vodka sauce pizza, I ordered it based on other yelp reviews and it's as good as everyone says: well seasoned and perfect blend of vodka sauce and cheese. 

I've also gotten their chicken parm dinner which came with spaghetti and a salad and bread. The chicken parm was really good but the spaghetti was just ok. 

I also got a gyro from them before that was probably 3 stars. I wasn't into the meats seasoning or tzaziki. 


Their restaurant itself is very cute and they frequently have live music I've seen some saxophones in there as I've walked by. They also deliver. Nice Italian place, not too fancy but it's much much much nicer than an average pizza place.
Poor quality food. Just another pizza joint. Also, racist. But poor quality food first.
I have only ever ordered take-out pizza from here but I must say I LOVE it. The vodka sauce pizza, the plain and the buffalo chicken are ones we have tried. I must say - we usually order the vodka sauce pizza. I'm a huge (and picky) vodka sauce fan, and this pizza is one of a kind and will NOT dissappoint!

I definitely want to go eat dinner there, dying to try their ravioli and I love a good BYO!
Angelino's is a nice restaurant that's close to my apartment, and therefore, a go to for pizza/drunk food. Their pizza doesn't disappoint, but after having it for a while, it leaves you wanting more. The delicious aspects are that the sauce is great, its nice and cheesy, and garlic permeates throughout the pizza and crust, which make it super yummy. The disappointing aspects of it, for me, were that it's really floppy, with no integrity and all the cheese dripping off, and pretty greasy.  I could also be overloaded on it, so I wouldn't hold it against them. They are slow for delivery, and their wings and calamari (especially the calamari) could use some work.  The wings aren't that hot and the calamari so so chewy its like eating gross gum.  

Their pasta dishes are pretty fantastic as well as the breadsticks and the salads that they serve with them. I haven't tried their stromboli's yet, but plan on it next time I order from them.  

Overall, I would definitely recommend that you try the pizza and see if it's up your alley, the atmosphere in the restaurant is fantastic and the food is quality, but sometimes it leaves you just a little disappointed.
This is our go-to for nights when we are feeling too lazy to cook, or just craving delicious, greasy pizza. It's the best pizza I've had so far in Philadelphia... the crust is covered in garlic, the cheese is gooey and dripping, and it's super cheap for two people to eat. 

Three stars for being INCREDIBLY SLOW (seriously, I think the last time I ate in with friends, we were there for over an hour and a half, and not because we eat slowly) and because the rest of their food besides the pizza can be really hit or miss---great sandwiches, but chewy, gross calamari and recently, a rancid batch of buffalo wings.

Still looooove that pizza, though.
Great little neighborhood place for a dinner with friends. I've tried the pizza a couple of times but am not a huge fan. I think the pictures do a good job of showing the quality (or lack their of). 

However, the strombolis are to die for and enough for two people to share. When my girlfriend and I are in need of a stromboli, we call Angelino's.
The best pizzeria ive been too and what makes it the absolut best is that its BYOB lol you cant get any better than that. Great food nice location. Parking isnt great but once your in its very cozy.
Fantastic food.

I've been in the neighborhood for years and for one reason or another this place was always missed when trying to decide what to eat. 

Until last week when we were trying to decide where to order take out from.  

We've tried them all in the neighboohood.. and most of them are perfectly fine.

But there was something about this spot that had me thinking "this is the real deal"

The homemade cheesesteak roll?  The real mushrooms? The fantastic spanish fries with jalapenos, onions, and mozzarella? I don't know.. It all came together just right.

Quoted 45 min for delivery.. was there in 35.

My new go-to.
Best pizza place in Fairmount area.

Best pizza/wings/strombolis around.  Also, their homemade meatballs is pretty damn delicious.

Anyone who thinks this pizza sucks should probably go back to ordering from pizza hut....

Food - 4.5
Service - 4.0
Decor - 3.0
The quality of the food here is great. Sometimes the wait for your meal is long. I thinks it's due to the restaurant being short staffed. Otherwise, I love this place. Great ambiance/music and service.
Where can I begin?  This place is AMAZING.  We are partial to their stromboli.  We get the family size and it lasts us for two meals for two people.  SO very good.  We both highly recommend.  You can go in to the quaint restaurant in the Fairmount neighborhood or get your meal delivered.  The food is a good price, the people are very friendly, and your mouth will thank you!!!
Hard to give them three stars because the food is usually excellent but the takeout service is consistently poor. Order is consistently a little bit wrong. So frustrating.
Let me start by saying the service was great! 

The food was in no way bad. 

A nice meal, good service, casual environment. 

We had the pizza. Plain, and they all have that great garlic crust. 

Chicken Parm sandwich. It was ok. Not the most amazing sandwich but if you want chicken Parm it does the trick. Maybe add some hot pepper flakes and some oregano to give it a little more oomph. Oh, and the kettle chips they serve the sandwich with are delicious! A bit odd for a side for a hot sandwich like that, but I was happy they were there.

Oh, and the Greek Salad. I have to say throwing some feta and some olives on a basic green salad doesn't make it a "Greek" salad. Especially when asked about the dressing the server informed me there was no "Greek Dressing". Uh. Alrighty then.
I had the salad with the balsamic dressing- it was tasty. Just don't expect it to be something you'd get in Athens. 

I'd definitely come back. Maybe not with people from out of town but it's a good go-to place with a wide array of options.
GREAT neighborhood spot. HUGE menu.. and very good quality. 
It's a BYO too, and their pizza is great..  tonight we had gyros and caprese sandwiches.. so good. get the desserts too.
Food is okay. Delivery is awful. Won't be ordering delivery from them anymore. It's been over an hour and I was already told it would be here so soon.
My friend and I were in philly and we wanted to get pizza. We saw that this place had great reviews, so we decided to check it out. The restaurant was pretty busy and we didn't have a reservation, but we were able to find a table. After the waitress brought us to our table and gave us our menus, she forgot about us. She was so busy with the other tables that she did not bother to check up on us. It took 20 minutes to get a glass of water. We had to flag down the other waitress just to get a glass of water. Then our waitress brings us our water and she takes our order. We order French fries and their Shrimp Special pizza. After we ordered, we waited about 50 minutes for the French fries, and 1 hour for the pizza. We almost left because we felt like we were waiting forever.
The only reason I am giving this place a 3 star rating is because their food was amazing! Their French fries were nice and crispy, and their pizza was to die for. Their crust was thin and it had garlic on it. The tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese were fresh. The shrimp was grilled nicely, and the crab meat was a nice touch. 
I would recommend coming here for their food, but not for their service. Your best bet would be to order takeout, and hopefully you do not wait long.
We have ordered takeout from here before, so their food is on-point. However, this review relates solely to how we were treated upon being sat. 

Firstly, you need to get rid of "Table 1" which is a 2-top pretty much in the walkway of the entrance, where the bathrooms are, and next to the busser station. We were told that was the only table available (when there were 3 other 4-tops open which I presumed were not available due to reservations) so we took it. 

However, the couple that was just after us (without reservations also) wound up being sat at one of the 4-tops! We asked to be sat at another table since ours was unpleasant and complained about the couple being sat after us at a 4-top. The waitress rudely snapped back that the crappy table we were sat at was the only 1 available at the time (lies) and it'd be another 30 mins for a new table (even though a table was clearly getting up to pay their bill. Based on the waitress' ineptness and rudeness alone, we left and patronized another local business.
Pizza is good. Pepperoni, margherita and pizza with vodka sauce gets high marks. 

Service dining in can be a bit aloof. 

Ordered a cheesesteak once and the meat tough and unappetizing. 

Huge portions are the norm. 

Stick with pizza, you'll be pleased.
Ok, so I had to finally do a review after a long time. I have mostly always gotten only takeout from here. I met people here a few times but I never thought about it so much that I realized it was always in the winter. Well we decided to go last week in stead of Santucci's to eat in. That was the first and last time,  I think I'm totally done with this place. Not only did my salad have a bug in it at the bottom when I was finished  But It felt like I was having dinner in Hell!! We had taken our food home to finish because of the  and I was definitely not calling this miserable guy whose business makes enough (pizza is 100% profit) $$ to allow his customers to eat in comfort. I thought he would at least apologize to us as we left because he definitely had to know why we were leaving after we just got our food. It's just an "OK" pizza too! #ByeFelicia
Since I live in the neighborhood, I can't comment on the dine-in experience, but for pizza takeout, Angelino's is pretty good. The buffalo chicken pizza is really good, and the regular pizzas are pretty good as well. There is a decent selection of sandwiches and cheesesteakes as well, though their chicken cheesesteak is not all that great. It is just chunks of chicken, not the good shredded stuff.

Taking into account their higher that average prices, Angelino's is a decent local pizza place.

Also, the website for Angelino's is serviceable, but ancient. Really, a Verizon redirect website for a business? 

http://mysite.verizon.net/bizw3f1g/angelinosrestaurantandpizzaria/
After two years in Brewerytown I had never tried Angelino's so decided to do so one night. My friend and I split mozzarella sticks which were good, seemed homemade. Also split the Italian Tuna Salad which was also good, tuna in olive oil with greens and veggies. Then we shared the  ham stromboli, it was really good and tasted even better the next day when we finished leftovers because the portions were huge. Menu has a good selection of typical American Italian food. They are known for their strombolis and pizza. Would come here agin.
Very nice people working here and the food is much better quality than out of the normal neighborhood pizza joint. I had a great chicken gyro last night.
I have been taking out or eating in here at least once every other week for four years. Best pizza in Fairmount. The pepperoni and vodka are my favorite. Tried the vodka gnocchi this weekend and it was homemade and delicious. Also, yummy strombolis to feed an army. BYOB is a plus!
If you want a downright outstanding pizza, try their signature Vodka pizza. This place is my go-to delivery spot in all of Fairmount/ Spring Garden area. There are lots of great pizza joints around here, don't get me wrong, but my favorite spots gotta have great salads and side dishes to truly be the best. Fresh and crispy salads made with spinach & mixed greens all with a plethora of vegetables, i simply haven't had a bad salad here, or any food for that matter. Bonus points for almost always getting here in under an hour too! (Side note, i havent been to the restaurant yet but will try it sometime)
Let me start by saying the service was great! 

The food was in no way bad. A nice meal, good service, casual environment. 

We had the pizza. Plain, and they all have that great garlic crust. 

Chicken Parm sandwich. It was ok. Not the most amazing sandwich but if you want chicken Parm it does the trick. Maybe add some hot pepper flakes and some oregano to give it a little more oomph? Oh, and the kettle chips they serve the sandwich with are delicious! A bit odd for a side for a hot sandwich like that, but I was happy they were there.

Oh, and the Greek Salad. I have to say throwing some feta and some olives on a basic green salad doesn't make it a "Greek" salad. Especially when asked about the dressing the server informed me there was no "Greek Dressing". Uh. Alrighty then.
I had the salad with the balsamic dressing- it was tasty. Just don't expect it to be something you'd get in Athens. 

I'd definitely come back. Maybe not with people from out of town but it's a good go-to place with a wide array of options.
Based upon the other reviews we decided to try it out. Now wish we had stuck to our original choice of figs or even made the trek to Italian market for good Italian fare. Yes the portions are large and can very well serve you over for 3 days but quantity does not make up for quality. There is no point in having an entree as large as it's side dish!!! You can't do justice to either and you ending up eating less simply as seeing that much food can turn you off! Nothing was spectacular. It was decent home style food. Well actually just decent. Home style food can be better. My husband did claim his chicken Marsala was good albeit he too cld not even finish his plate (that's new, given his appetite!) where as there was just too much marinara sauce on everything for me to enjoy anything! Right from the cold bread served with marinara, to the humongous plate of eggplant parmigiana which had more marinara and then the side of spaghetti with yet again more marinara - totally killed it for me. Was done after 3 bites as all I cld taste was,well, more marinara!! The service was pretty slow too. Took 30 mins to bring out our entrees and there were only 3 other tables that were occupied along with ours! Asked them for a high chair for my son which never arrived and when I finally got up to get it myself I found the servers sitting on a table up front eating their dinner, while we were still waiting on ours!! Simply put- not coming back again!
I order take our for lunch at least twice a month from Angelino's.  There french fries are surprisingly excellent and the salads are a big hit with our group.  At times, the soup can be a little salty but that seems to be the case with all take out soups.  I guess that is how they make it taste so good.
I have purchased a rents worth of food from Angelinos. Run by a local Fairmount family this BYOB offers delicious italian and american food. I strongly recommend the spinach gnocchi and vodka pie.
Hungry and looking for a casual dining location near home, Yelp's photo's of Angelino's pizza sealed our fate. We arrived around 6pm on a Friday and chose our table from a sea of empties.  The menu was large and we struggled a bit to figure out what to order. Dining Partner and I both opted for garden salads and split a traditional large cheese pizza. The garden salads were large and fresh and the pizza was great! We felt that the crust was a bit over-seasoned with garlic for our taste, but it was cooked to perfection and didn't really change our opinion. It's also BYOB, though we weren't drinking this visit we'll definitely keep this in mind for the future. The waitress was nice and the restaurant began to fill up as we were leaving. We will be back for more and as this is the best pizza in Fairmount!
This was a five star review easily until about a week ago, now three stars.. i'll tell you why:

I honestly can't believe I've never written a review for Angelino's!  We live right up the block and this is honestly one of our go-to spots in the neighborhood (so much so that we actually considered our dinner here a part of our home inspection!).  At any rate, the staff is always the nicest and you get a vibe of this place just being an extension of your kitchen which we love when we want a low key dinner with friends (BYO!) and don't want to cook.  Both the portions and the menu are HUGE so you will not have any problem finding something for everyone to enjoy.

With that being said, last week we had a family dinner with my in-laws who are not hard to please people and they found a hair in their salad.  The server was gracious about it and immediately brought my father in law another salad and never asked if we wanted it or even if we wanted it to be taken off the bill (which I thought was a standard practice for hair salads?) so I don't know when we will be back.  Unfortunately it's just too convenient for us to say that we'll never be back and this was the first incident of many times that we've enjoyed a great night at Angelinos but we're really torn with the experience.

Lastly - if you're a garlic lover like me, go for the pizza every time.  you won't regret it.
Angelino's is our go-to spot for Pizza & Wings in Fairmount. The pizzas are huge, great toppings, and the crust is delicious. Wings are cheap, and good amount of sauce. Delivery is quick as well.
I hope they are on an extended vacation and not closed; they will be missed for sure! They were our office go-to spot for lunch.
Angelino's is a great little Italian restaurant in the Fairmount area. I came here with a friend of mine from college and her hometown friend. The restaurant itself is small, intimate and cute - a BYOB place too! For our meals, we ordered the margarita pizza (a classic staple) the Cajun chicken pasta (phenomenal), and the penne vodka pasta (delicious). The pizza was light and thin, just how I like my pizzas. The Cajun pasta was excellent and rich in flavor. It was a bit heavy, but I wasn't complaining about leftovers. The penne vodka pizza was delicious and flavorful as well. 

My boyfriend and I got takeout from here another time due to COVID-19, however, the to go mussels were excellent as well - I just wished we had more bread to dip the juices in! The buffalo chicken fingers were also delicious and a surprise. We couldn't stop eating this! The fries were also good and came with cheese on the side. My boyfriend's roommate also got the shrimp and crabmeat pasta and this was also delicious - rich in flavor, but again, heavy with plenty of leftovers. Highly recommend!
Best pizza ever and I've tried most places in Philly!
The worst chicken Marsala I've ever had. It didn't even resemble chicken Marsala. The meal was basically some kind of seasoned chicken with mushrooms. AND the restaurant was slow.
Another superb dinner provided by the one and only Angelico's. This time, we got the margarita pizza with vodka sauce and the pesto chicken pasta. The pizza was excellent loaded with flavor. The pasta, WOW. Probably the best pesto chicken penne pasta I have ever had ANYWHERE.
This place does not care about their business. I have had nothing but positive experiences in the past. I ordered takeout this evening and after over an hour the wrong food was delivered. The delivery guy was gracious and another individual showed back up with my food 20 minutes later. Now 2 hours post my order I settle in to eat and realize my order is cold. I threw the food out and called for a refund. They were only willing to give me a credit which I reluctantly agreed to. Then for some reason they were only willing to credit me 8 dollars on a 15 dollar order. Forget that I paid for an online order, tax and tipped the delivery guy. Keep your low ball credit, good luck running your business this way, go to Luigi's if your local.
Literally the best place. I come here every time I'm in town. So like twice a month. Just come here. The Cajun chicken Alfredo will not disappoint. Also get the peanut butter dessert. Bomb. The people are nice. You can't go wrong.
Angelinos has the best pizza in the area.  My favorite really is the plain cheese pizza.  I try to branch out and try the other flavors, but they don't compare to my love for the plain.  Recently, I ordered the vodka pizza and it was pizza with vodka sauce.  No penne on the pizza, if you were curious.
I have eaten in the restaurant a couple of times.  The service was really friendly and I love getting the pizza fresh out of the oven.  However, I mostly have done delivery, out of laziness and it always came quickly.  
If you need your pizza fix, Angelinos is the place.
My go to pizza spot.  I like the traditional and vodka pizzas.  Pasta dishes are great too. They also have *good* deserts with delivery - rare for pizza shops in this neighborhood.
Angelino's pizza (esp the garlic crust) is a must have in Fairmount! We ordered via phone and walked to pick it up. They had it ready when we got there and the entire process was seamless. The price is reasonable for the pizza size. Overall, I would recommend!!
We ordered Angelino's for the first time tonight, and it was delicious ! I loved the creamy Cajun chicken pasta and the shrimp and crab pasta. We also ordered the mozzarella sticks, and they were very good. So much flavor and great spices/ seasoning. I'm so glad we discovered this place!
LOVE this neighborhood gem. The pizza & pasta dishes are delish- especially creamy things like Alfredo- which is what we order. 

Best cheesesteak Stromboli! 

Everything tastes homemade with quality ingredients. Our fave place!!
This is one of best pizza in the neighborhood and is a super popular spot. My first time having the pizza was years ago. I thought it was really good actually. The dough was soft, chewy and has nice sweet taste. The tomato sauce tasted fresh and delicious. Second time here, I had an amazing clam pasta dish with pancetta. Third time here, I had a good really avocado toast that had a nice spicy kick. Most recently, I had pizza taken out. The pizza didn't taste as good as the first time. I'm not sure if it's related to the change in ownership. Anyway, you should give Angelino a try. 

P.S. Expect a bit of wait here.
We got the vodka pizza and the Alfredo with broccoli the pasta came with a salad and breadsticks. Over all the whole meal was great really no complaints fair price great food and good service. New favorite spot
We recently went to Angelino's for lunch and had a much different experience than we've had with service at dinner. While that may have been because the restaurant was nearly deserted, this waiter was pretty great. The food was served promptly, he was really nice, and it was an overall enjoyable experience.

The extra star is because I also ordered probably the best thing I've ever had at Angelino's, which is a sandwich, The Robby. Slightly spicy grilled chicken, sharp and salty melted provolone, and a copious amount of onions and garlicky broccoli rabe, all in a crispy seeded roll--fantastic. And it was just as good reheated the next day.

I'm super sad that I won't be in this neighborhood as much anymore, and thus will not be able to eat this sandwich as easily. If the lack of crowds are any indication, though, I'd have to urge everyone to try Angelino's--it's still a nice, friendly neighborhood place that could use your patronage.
Come here all the time, food is always prepared the same way- with love. Never a disappointment from Angelino's. From their pasta to their desserts, you can tell these people love their restaurant and the people they serve. Thanks for being a staple in our neighborhood.
The food was great here! The garlic bread was delicious and buttery, and came with lots of good marinara sauce. The arancini was light and crispy - the batter was like funnel cake! One of the best arancini I've ever had. The chicken Marsala was full of yummy mushrooms and was served on top of a small mountain of spaghetti. My boyfriend's gyro looked better than any gyro I've ever seen! It had chunks of cucumber, tomato, and feta. I really liked this place!!
