Great little coffee shop in Philly's Little Italy when shopping in that area this is a wonderful stop for a latte or an espresso to refuel and replenish your depleted caffeine levels. Anthony's is always busy, there is always a line but always worth a visit for a good quality cup of coffee to spur you on.
Such a great spot in the Italian Market! My husband told me that Anthony's makes coffee ice cubes for their iced coffee and I was sold. A friend and I popped in for some coffee drinks and the guy working could not have been friendlier. My iced coffee was delicious, and I loved the cute café. I can definitely see myself coming back to work or study with a great cup of coffee.
How has no one Yelped this little slice of heaven that would make Willy Wonka drool?  

Moms and I popped into Anthony's Chocolate House during our Italian Market jaunt.  I don't know too many people who can walk by a store front FULL of chocolate candies and *not* go in.  Moms and I sure aren't resisters.  

The girl behind the counter was a complete hoot with her thick Philadelphia accent and mad marketing skills.  She was full of information about how Anthony's makes its chocolates, where the ingredients come from, and sold their homemade gelato like a Wharton grad.  When I exclaimed over the Caramel Popcorn flavor, she whipped out a mini-spoon and was ready with a sample.  It tasted *exactly* like caramel popcorn and had a creamy-icy mouthfeel I very much enjoyed.  Moms sampled the S'mores.  Then I exclaimed over the Blood Orange sorbetto and again, Wharton produced a sample fast as lightning.  I'll bet if I went down the line exclaiming over every flavor, I would have gotten a mini-spoonful of each.

Since it was 40 degrees out, Moms and I eventually settled on chocolate instead.  Moms is a turtle fanatic, so she picked out a pecan and caramel turtle.  I selected an almond toffee bark, and Wharton generously slipped in two pieces.  Both were excellent.  The chocolate was smooth, the caramel perfectly chewy, and the toffee started out crunchy and then turned sticky as I chewed.  

Next time I'm in town I'm headed back for those amazing looking designer caramel apples.  Or maybe the party bag of assorted chocolate covered pretzels.  Or maybe the sorbetto.  Or maybe......
3.5 stars.

Three stars for the decent cappuccino I drank, and the decent Americano Moms had.

Three stars for the extra-crunchy sfogliatelle with an almondy ricotta filling, which Moms and I split to refuel after a long morning of wandering the Italian market.

Three stars for the cozy little fireplace-y ambiance.  It's probably been the same since Anthony's opened in the late 1930s (their longevity's gotta say something about 'em).

Infinity stars for the five, middle-aged, über-Italian cousins -- with names like Rocky and Ant'ony, natch -- in town for a big family reunion.  They charmed the heck out of Moms and me as we all enjoyed a communal cuppa on a cold, gray March morning.
O
M
G

Drool-worthy ... everything! 

The gelato looked incredible, as did every other gorgeous baked item in the darling shop! 

We went with chocolate covered pretzels and Italian rainbow cakes.  

Both were succulently delicious! 

I think I was high on chocolate!
After a big lunch, four of us needed to walk it off, so we headed down to the Italian Market for a hit of espresso.
I love this throwback cafe from simpler (better) times. (I am an analog girl living in a digital age)
It was cold and blustery as we made our way south. So, walking into this warm and cozy old-school cafe was heavenly.
Almost every table was taken when we arrived, but we were able to nab one by the window.
Lattes, espresso, biscotti and  one bottle of water.
The latte was just perfect... I like my lattes like I  like my men...Hot, big and Rich! Lol!
The anisette biscotti was just the right amount of sweet after a big meal. 
We all sat there chatting for a long time. People cleared out and we were still there. The girl at the counter was lovely and never made us feel we had to go. 
Truly a social experience...you know like the old days.
You can't go wrong with a cafe latte and some Italian pastries. We got there early and wanted a quick cup of coffee. Service was quick and efficient. We chose to eat in their indoor dining area but if you choose you can have your coffee at their outdoor tables.
Sweet Jesus the Dark Roast...THE DARK ROAST.
I had the dark varietal they had on tap for the day, which I was told was called "Venetian Roast". This is THE absolute PROOF that a blackasnight coffee CAN be achieved without the burnt taste. It was so rich and at the end left the most beautiful smokiness lingering on my tastebuds...I was loathe to mar the cup with any sweetener....I cannot blaspheme in this, oh house of the perfect brew.
Large: 2 bucks.
Refill: 1 buck. 
F-ing SCORE.
My companion had an Americano that, like mine, needed nothing. She and I sat in the comfy little space, snuggled among piles of pannetone and biscotti, and thought to ourselves "Selves, this is truly an Italian House of Coffee."
+1 for sweet as pie and knowledgable baristas. Because nothing knocks a star off like a moron-barista. 
Thank you Anthony. Whoever you are.
stop by for a chocolate treat if you're doing some shopping in the Italian markets of 9th street!!

they have a variety of chocolate pieces here including chocolate turtles, chocolate covered toffee, & chocolate pretzels BUT after scanning the casess we only wanted to try one thing!
---CHOCOLATE COVERED FIG STUFFED W/ ALMONDS: pretty good... how can you go wrong w/ that unique 3 ingredient combo?! each one costs $1.50

can't speak for the other chocolate varieties but where else can you get a chocolate covered fig stuffed w/ almonds?!
I really love the coffee I bought from here but I would never drink it in the store.

I make espresso at home and I love it.  I have a pretty nice burr grinder and a decent machine so I like to think I have a vague idea of how it should be made and served.  What I saw at Anthony's was an assault on coffee.  

I ordered a double espresso and I got a 12oz cup that was half filled.  A double espresso should be 2-2.25 oz.  I got served a cup of black water.  It tasted awful and I poured it out.

I do think the Palermo Espresso is really nice.  I took it home and made it and it's wonderful.  I think it's a shame that their wonderful coffee is being misrepresented.
When you go to the 9th Street Italian Market, you're going to need to take a break -- the Market is giant. 

And that's what Anthony's was created for. Get a coffee and sit down. Enjoy the vibe.  Commune with the your fellow shoppers. 

The espresso based drinks are great. And don't miss the the little pastries. Anis-flavored waffle-baked wonders with a few lines of chocolate.  The perfect accompaniment to a double espresso. 

And be sure to close the door on your way in and out.
All I have to say is that Maria is a doll.  Super friendly, and knows how to treat her customers right.

I came here with my friend as a post-dinner, pre-comedy show guy's night out.  It was close to closing time, and the quaint business was empty on this Black Friday night, but we were allowed to come in and relax. 

I had the eggnog latte which is a holiday-only special.  One shot of espresso was enough.  What a treat!  There was just enough of a mix of the coffee and eggnog to savor both.  My friend's espresso was also perfect.  They were so good we ended up getting a second one each.

The business sells coffee, chocolates, pastries, and has a few tables set up to enjoy your purchases.  

Maria was pleasant to talk with as she was getting the business ready to close for the night.  She said the business was jumping with lines out the door most of the day, so we must have hit it at the right time this night.

Maria said she works most days, so ask for her when you get your daily coffee or pastries.  You won't be disappointed with anything at Anthony's Italian Coffee House and Chocolate House.   I'm glad we came in.
OK first i have to respond to this woman's post   you and your "family" should be ashamed of yourselves   you went into a restaurant and put out a buffet from dibrunos bros  you took up 6 tables for two hours  eating food from somewhere else  Anthony's sells food   how do you do this??? they staff at Anthony's did not say a word while you and your family made a big mess!!!!! the "buffet and sandwiches" you were making took up three tables. where did you learn your manors? do you bring food when you go to other restaurants? i seen you all with my own eyes and i could not believe it. i had to stand and have my coffee  as i watched your children bang on the glass window. really!!!! you raved about how good everything was then you post this?? yes you were asked to leave because you had more people coming to the "dibruno buffet" you set up in Anthony's . it was not about the money it was about how rude you and your family are!!!! please don't go to my favorite coffee spot anymore. i am the queen of anthonys here on yelp and a good customer there i don't work there or i am not related to any of them  i just love there coffee.
This is undoubtedly my favorite coffee shop in the city. Although it's a bit far from me, I will head right to this neighborhood to get my fix!

The Venetian Roast, the Double Espresso, and the Caffe Latte are absolutely scrumptious. There is something so full and flavorful about the coffee here that always puts a smile on my face. Paired with an Almond Biscotti, it's the perfect way to satisfy a sweet tooth craving.

I could easily spend hours here, and I have, with a pile of papers to grade or the right company. Although there is not a huge amount of seating, people usually come and go pretty quickly. I love to take the window spot in the corner and let the day run by.

With quick and friendly service, the perfect brew, and a sunny and bright ambiance, this place is the total package, in my opinion. You should definitely stop in as part of any visit to the Italian Market.
Gelato. Sample each flavor before you buy!  Icy and refreshing, Anthony's gelato makes for the perfect dessert to enjoy as you stroll through or from the Italian  Market.  

Favorite flavors:
Mint chocolate chip
tiramisu
chocolate oreo
monkey bread
blood orange
stracciatella
cappucino

Friendly staff.  No indoor seating for big groups, but there is a pleasant parklet along the market.
A fantastic  little coffee shop that serves more than just coffee. Located on 9th St in the Italian Market, Anthony's is a perfect place to stop in .

Anthony's offers you that escape from the madness of the Italian Market with an unbelievable assortment of  Italian pastries to meals. Lets not forget about that coffee, it would be a crime not to mention it.  

Anthony's can serve you a plain coffee, but why go plain, not that  their plain coffee is bad. A plethora of delicious syrups can be added to your hot cup , or go crazy with an iced coffee.  I myself went with a Amaretto with a double shot of espresso and a touch of cream, and yes I went the iced route. Heavenly and refreshing I say with a sfogliatelle to compliment my 20 ounces of deliciousness.   

This is one of the pastries you can enjoy at Anthony's or peruse their menu, I tell you everything inside there looked great with a quality they provide that isn't expensive. A clean well serviced shop, with a staff that will do what ever it takes to accommodate your fancy. 

Go in relax enjoy a cup , break away from the madness , enjoy some "me" time. Not to worry though you can still see the mayhem of shoppers, and walkers from the inside looking out with a view of the street.
Nice strong coffee. I really liked the smell and quality of their coffee. 
I think my fave was this lemony cake thing inside flaky pastry!
Nobody makes espresso like they do here.  I buy their coffee blends by the pound (Anthony's Blend, and Verona) every time I'm home to bring to school because as much as I love Starbucks and Au Bon Pain, they just aren't Anthony's.  The baristas are great at helping you figure out which blend is right for your palate.  

The cafe itself smells like heaven, and their gelato and cannolis are  delectable, as well.  They also sell homemade pizelles, which are quite possibly one of my favorite baked goods.  They are light and crispy, with the perfect touch of anise.

The only downside is parking( minus 1 star), but I just usually park at Rite Aid and get myself a soda or People (hey, I need a tabloid every once in a while).  If you're a coffee connoisseur, this will be your Mecca.
Been here 1/2 a dozen times in the past few months. The different chocolates and other sweet items are decent. But every time I go in the girl behind the counter is not very pleasant. She's not rude, but a little smile and/or decent greeting would be nice. I hate giving my money to someone who makes me feel like their doing me a favor by selling me their goods. And there's been several times I didn't get a thank you. I would have given it 4 stars, but the unhappy service drops it's rating by two stars.
Before I even walked through the door, I saw a marble step that was so worn it reminded me of the blocks of stone lying around the Parthenon in Athens Greece.  Yeah, a lot of people have visited here.  You walk in and are taken back to another time, a time before the instant-fake-modern-corporate-inyourface-cool-casual of a Starbucks.  Anthony's doesn't have a million little things they are trying to sell you like fresh tiny breath mints and cd's and little knick-knacks.  Yeah, I drink Starbucks occasionally but I'll always choose a place like this first.

Anyways, the coffee, the Venetian Roast, was beautifully dark, well-balanced, not bitter, and almost nutty sweet, and full of richness.  I bought a pound of it to take home because I know that I can brew it myself and make it even stronger than Anthony's did.  This coffee is a keeper, for sure.
Wow, this is quite the popular joint here. Just like Starbuck with a lay-back environment, everyone lines up for their popular coffee here. We were on a tour of Italian Marketplace so being one of the stop, I too got my black coffee. It tasted ok, nothing much but a coffee joint for me. If you need your caffeine rush, this is your spot in the neighborhood.
I really think that this is one of the most under-rated coffee shops in Philly. I'm far from a java afficiando but you like what you like. The house-brew coffee is some of the best around and they have the most amazing biscottis. And cannolis, too, whose shells come from either Isgro's or Termini Bros ((can't remember, think it's Isgro's). Anthony's is located on the north end of the market, and this is undoubtedly the nicest, busiest section of the strip. They also have sidewalk gelato service in the summer!
Mmm....hot chocolate, Italian sodas, and espresso... Oh My! Anthony's, while small, is the perfect size for the perfect Italian Market drink experience.  After a cold day of shopping the market, I stopped in here for a drink with friends.  And, obviously, I was not disappointed.  

I tried the peanut butter hot chocolate.  Honestly, it was very good, but not the best hot chocolate I've had.  However, I did taste Susan G.'s Italian soda, and that was perfection!  I'm definitely getting that next time.  

Service was great.  Everyone was nice and courteous.  And, as an added bonus, the people watching was superb.  I will definitely be back on our next excursion!
Whether you're looking for the perfect caffeine fix to keep your day going, a delicious panini to lunch on, or plenty of chocolate and gelato options to satisfy your sweet tooth; Anthony's is a place that dishes it out with a classic Italian gusto!

As far as providing a coffee fix Anthony's delivers some of the best. And its espresso has gotten better since Vinny's informative review. But when I normally go for my caffeine fix here I normally go for their many varieties of Lattes, ESPECIALLY in Winter when they serve so many varieties that fit the season. For Lunch Anthony's features at least 8 sandwich varieties that are worth experiencing, and many of them are of the veggie variety!

But where Anthony's really shines is when it comes to satisfying your sweet tooth.  Next to Rim Cafe they might just offer some of the best hot chocolate options in the city. And they do have a decadent mix of gelatos that could give Capogiro a run for its money if they chose to run its flavors and market further. They do also have plenty of chocolates, especially of the covered fruit variety, as well as some decent cannolis.

Add on a website that features plenty of chocolate related gift packages, And you find an experienced South Philly Coffeehouse that can be VERY multifaceted.
Great coffee and chocolate and nice people watching spot in the cafe. Little tables along the sidewalk is nice watching the crowds in the Italian Market is quite entertaining. 
The employees in the coffee shop are....there but we don't spend too long there so there crankiness doesn't really bother us.
Service was absolutely perfect.  Perfect cafe latte.  Cannolli was good but not many varieties.   Nice cafe ambiance.
Anthony's Chocolate House: A little slice of heaven. 

Try the chocolate covered popcorn! It's A-May-Zing.
This was my second time here while visiting Philly and I love it. They have tables outside with plenty of chairs and when I visited most recently they had seating inside. Masks are required to enter but you do not have to show your vaccination card. The setup reminds me of a traditional Italian coffee house which is what it's modeled after. I always see a line to order so make sure you plan ahead for a wait. 

The shop had a ton of coffee, pastry and goodie options. I've tried their seasonal latte specials and cold press. Both have been delicious and come with plenty of milk alternatives. The first time I went I got the spinach egg and cheese croissant. This time I ordered lunch and got the tuna panini along with the plain and Nutella bomboloni. 

The bombolonis were so yummy. The plain was lightly glazed and airy while the Nutella was definitely the real kind imported from Italy. The wait for the panini was about 20 minutes but it was worth it. It's an Italian style tuna panini which meant no mayo or celery. Instead it has tomato and olive oil, pepper and other delicious veggies. 

The food and coffee here are always delicious so I recommend coming here at least once when you visit Philly. They have a lot of delicious imports from Italy and it's a great cafe to people watch.
This is the best coffee and coffee house in the city. It's like being in Rome. The biscotti are a revelation. Hard as a rock but perfect with a double espresso. If I lived in the city I would stop by every day.
Saturday night stumbled into here cause friends and I were parched from all the cheesesteak intake and minimal water intake of the evening's event. Behold... Anthony's coffee house a short walk away :)

+ Friendly and kind staff
+ Clean atmosphere
+ Lovely spiced chai
+ Public bathrooms

All in all, it was a lovely place to warm ourselves up with some hot drinks after a day exploring in the Philly cold.
Solid all around.  Delicious coffee for the most part.  I have bought both of their espressos to make at home, and they are a touch sweet for my taste to have on their own, but make a great cappuccino.  

Their sandwiches are always good.  I've had at least half the menu and never been disappointed.  My favorite part about the paninis are that they come with a tiny little salad.  It's a nice touch.
i was recently in the italian market doing some errands, when i happened across this small candy store adjacent to the coffee house by the same name.  this store is very small but had exactly what i was looking for - a caramel apple. i bought one rolled in salted peanuts; the price was a very reasonable 7usd.  

the caramel apple was perfect. it combined all of the right textures and flavors - crisp, tart green apple with buttery, sweet caramel and salty, crunchy peanuts. the size of the apple was more than enough for 3 or 4 people to share; however, i ended up cutting daily portions and storing it in the fridge. by the last day (4 or 5 days from first cutting into it), the caramel had started to get runny, and the apple was at the point of needing to be entirely consumed. therefore, i'd recommend buying the apple and eating it more quickly or buying it and sharing with friends.

nota bene: you must spend 5usd to use your credit card.
I really love this place!  I came by on Saturday during my long wait at Sabrinas.  In under 5 minutes I was able to procure: 

1) A sample of a caramel apple that had me salivating.
2) Whole beans to make my Keurig more viable given the advent of our new bean grinder
3) A cup of drip coffee that was both delicious, and available MUCH quicker than our 45 minute wait at Sabrinas.
4) A hankering for a Cannoli as theirs look FABULOUS... though I didn't imbibe.

I've been here numerous times... and regardless if its for candy, coffee, a sandwich, loose tea, coffee beans, or just to get out of the cold, they're ALWAYS kind, ALWAYS welcoming, and ALWAYS fabulous thru and thru.  Hooray this place!
The lemon ricotta muffin and frozen coffee (coffee, ice and coffee powder blended to impossibly high speeds, then served straight with a straw plunged in -- or with whip and flavor, if that's your bag) are enough to transform even the most underorgasmic among us into sloppy wet rainbows of gratitude.
Upgrade time.

After having spent enough time here sipping coffee I can give a thumbs up to their Venetian Roast.  It's dark without being bitter and it's consistent.

I also had a very positive interaction with the owner and I think it shows that he and his staff care about their product and the experience that a customer has.  This speaks volumes about an establishment.

Nicely done.
If you can afford it, you should try it.  They have caramel/chocolate covered apples that are coated with a kids dream: oreos,  chocolate morsels, peanut butter. . . .

They also have the best little chocolate delicacies (let me note here that this place is as large as....something very....small). They have chocolate-covered everything you can images (smore's, oreo's, graham's, bars of caramel.)

PRO HINT: Before heading to the movie theater, grab a bag of their chocolate covered popcorn. It's like your movie popcorn and your M&M's are having a party in your mouth and you're invited.
This is my standard coffee stop when I'm in South Philly.  There's a charm to this place that beats most Center City coffee houses; hanging around with a beverage, a cookie, or a pastry is mandatory.  Although I usually keep it basic, they've got a nice selection of treats.  Anthony's garners my first fifth star on Yelp for great basics, outstanding South Philly coffee house character, the hang-out factor, and people-watching in the diversifying Italian Market area.
Love the vibe of this classic coffee place, I felt like I was in Italy when I walked in! Very charming and clean presentation- all of the chocolates look and taste amazing!
My favorite? The Chocolate Pizzelles! Doesn't get any better than that.
The gelato was excellent as well. Homemade and the texture was perfect.
If the staff is reading this at any point, my family is the one that strolled in at the last minute on Labor Day....I AM SO SORRY! Thanks for your kindness and excellent service regardless. We'll be back!
What's not to like about a place that has peanut butter hot chocolate? It's the perfect thing to warm up your insides in the winter. In the warmer months, they have delicious, refreshing Italian soda. The girls who work there are very sweet and the line (if there is one) always moves quickly. It can get a little crowded inside, so I wouldn't suggest lingering for too long. Oh, and did I mention peanut butter hot chocolate? I can't really mention it enough. It's pretty amazing.
I came here with a friend on a Saturday afternoon. I tried two flavors of gelato - the tiramisu and pistachio - before settling on the pistachio. The tiramisu tasted a bit artificial to me, but the pistachio gelato was amazing. My friend got "Chocolate Covered Peanut Butter" - which turned out to be a chocolate-covered peanut butter and graham cracker sandwich-type thing. She said it was amazing!

I definitely plan to come back and try some of the other chocolates and baked goods - truffles, chocolate covered pretzels, traditional Italian cookies, and more!
A nice little mom and pop shop to grab some delicious pastries and great coffee and lattes.
Really cozy, warm, good food and hot chocolate, and Wifi! I would come back!
Nice place with an Italian feel right in the 9th street market. Tasty classic Italian coffee drinks, pastries baked goods and food. We didn't eat, but our cappuccinos were on point. Cute outdoor seating too. Very friendly staff.
This is some of the best coffee I've had. I stopped here with a friend for an iced coffee and a cannoli. Each were very very good!
Three Words: Coffee Ice Cubes

Seriously, nobody in Philly has thought of this yet? Why?

This place is my go-to weekend spot for iced coffee. I don't even care that the large is $2.50 because it's that good. Service is always friendly and fast, plus I'm close to getting 10 punches on my coffee card!!!!! I like sitting outdoors more than inside because it's a little cramped for a guy my size, but I'm not going to knock them for that!
After a three week roadtrip sustained only by Starbucks coffee, the smell as I passed Anthony's was too much to resist. Proper coffee at last.

It was good, so good that I had another. And a canoli. Then another. And some biscotti. Everything was good, from the coffee and food to the warm and friendly atmosphere.

Now a trip to the bustling Italian market would not be complete without a stop at Anthony's.
Adorable, quaint, an Italian Market gem.

Came here New Year's Day for a mid-afternoon cappuccino and smoothie to-go. Having never visited here before, I was impressed by the amount of drink offerings on the regular menu, plus the addition of holiday beverage specials, like peppermint lattes.

Also did not realize that they're essentially a chocolatier/bakery/panateria and was overwhelmed by the variety of chocolates, candies, pastries, coffee beans and sandwiches jam packed into the tiny establishment. 

Obviously couldn't leave without picking up those dope non-pareil chocolate covered pretzels, but kicking myself for not seeing the pecan turtles in time. 

The outdoor seating area with the awning is a nice touch, but limited and always seems to be filled up no matter the hour, but good to note for future reference when I want a rainy day coffee and sfogliatella.

Prices are very reasonable for the area (and the cappuccino was divine!) Will definitely return.
Quaint little Italian cafe/shop. Just happened to be in the neighborhood and originally was planning on going to paesanos II but we ended up here instead and we were happy about that. We got the tré ché and the grilled veggie paninis. Both came w a small balsamic salad. Everything was really good. We loved our sandwiches. Glad we went.
I stop at Anthony's a few times a month when I go to the market. 
The coffee is very good - not as good as it can be but they can make a decent cappuccino - make sure you get it to stay - there is something in getting good coffee in a paper cup that takes from the experience. 

My favorites there are actually the paninis - Italian cheese and cured meats pressed inside a good piece of bread with a small pasta salad on the side makes for a great lunch. 
My other favorite thing is the biscotti - there is a brand that they sell that I love - look for Gilda's Biscotti (Almond Anise is my favorite). And if they have them in the mixed packages take one home. 

They also have Canolies that are pretty good and some other pastries. 
Service is good people are nice - I love the first whiff of Coffee smell as you walk in and I love going there in a midweek afternoon when it's nice and quiet.
I came here for a latte, which was delicious, but was really wowed by the fact that they sell Italian sodas here -- something I wish would become as trendy as the sterile bubble tea and frozen yogurt places that are popping up everywhere. The lemon soda was bright and palate-cleansing (necessary after an afternoon of tasting every expensive cheese and cured meat in the Di Bruno Brothers' arsenal!) and the amaretto was a heavenly caramel fizz, like a gourmet cream soda. A delicious interlude between brunch and dinner.

The cashiers were friendly but efficient, dealing quickly with a long line of customers. And they get major bonus points for having a clean, spacious bathroom and letting customers use it: this courtesy is unfortunately foregone more often than not at small cafes. Bravo!
yummy yummy chai lattes, and I hear the coffee is great too!
As an Italian new to the Philly food scene, Anthony's is exactly what I need in my life! After having a sweet brunch at Sabrina's around the corner, I needed something salty with more substance to hold me over until dinner time. The original panini was EXACTLY the combination that I was planning on ordering, so I was psyched that it was readily available on the menu. I requested they add some balsamic vinegar, which made this perfect panini even better! My friend got a hot chocolate, which she said was awesome. They had a lot of different types to choose from. She also ordered a cannoli. She let me try a bite and I enjoyed it, though I found it to have a strong vanilla flavor. My favorite cannolis come from an Italian pastry shop in New Jersey, so it would've been hard to replace them in my heart, but this cannoli was fine. I prefer the filling to taste more like ricotta with only a hint of vanilla. I definitely want to go back to try Anthony's drinks and other menu options. I've been telling my family about this place all weekend since I visited. They live in New England, but I'll certainly be bringing them by when they're in town! 

Anthony's is a very small spot that fills up quickly and has limited seating. A true cafe atmosphere. Warm lighting with lots of people coming and going. They had a line out the door when I entered the establishment, but they helped people quickly and efficiently PLUS they were nice about it. That's key, folks. You don't find that everywhere, especially in a city. I appreciated their kindness. 

Overall, Anthony's is a quaint cafe that has delicious food, drinks and dessert and kind, appreciative staff. Can't wait to go back!
Nice education on gelatos vs gelatis...sorry, but I forget.  All I remember is that I could have had two or three italian ices from the place at the corner for the price I paid for one gelato here.  It was good but hey - I was trying to beat the heat.  Volume is important :)
Last time i posted, i talked about a less than great experience. Today i've got to say thank You! They contacted me right away offering apologies and the promise of a better experience. I went back and i was beyond pleased with both the service and the taste of my ristreto coffee! Off course, the tiramisu is still the greatest! Thanks for caring and for keeping your promises! Great vibes!
Anthony's is a tiny cafe on Ninth Street 2 doors up from Sonny DiAngelo's butcher shop.  It brews one of the better cups in the city and his pastries are very good, and when he does have the sfogliatelle (sah-foo-yah-tella), I can't resist.  This crisp Neopolitan masterpiece is endless layers of paper thin pastry dough baked golden over a not so sweet ricotta filling, possibly the world's most perfect confection for those who don't favor the treacly sweet.  It is not easy to make well, but Anthony's is superb.  But you can't eat it on a humid day as the crisp layers become rubbery.  If they don't crack when you bite into it, don't bother. Sitting outside in nice weather with one of these, a City Paper and a cup of his great coffee watching Ninth Street go by is a welcome 30 minute respite from the daily grind.  Only down side, he has a photo of his grandfather on the wall with date of birth and date of death, poor man was only 36 years old.   Bummer!
Great place to come for coffee. The place is nicely decorated and with some space to sit and to enjoy your drink. Definitely a good place to come for relax and to enjoy your day
Always a treat coming here - service is top-notch, the coffee is fantastic, and the breakfast sandwiches are tasty AF. I would highly recommend coming here if you're in the area, not only for the food/drink, but also for the awesome service (seriously, everyone who works here is incredibly nice). The iced coffee is indeed made with coffee ice cubes, and the coffee beans have become a staple in our household (sometimes we even ship them across the country per the request of friends and family). I try to stay away from the Chocolate House because I will go broke buying treats, but everything I've tried thus far has been incredible. Definitely a stand out establishment in the Italian Market.
Absolutely love stopping by Anthony's when making a trip over to the Italian Market. The iced coffee has actual coffee ice cubes in it AND their croissant breakfast sandwiches are not to be missed. (Get in before 11am that's when they start serving lunch.)

They have specialty drinks as well, my boyfriend always opts for the peanut butter hot chocolate.
Whenever I have a doctor's appointment in Philly (yes, the doctors of South Jersey leave much to be desired)  I always make it a point to stop in at Anthony's for a canoli and cappuccino for breakfast.  Many years ago I dated a very handsome Sicillian boy... had the loveliest eyes and long eye lashes, not to mention the perfect nose of an Apollo statue.  His name was Antonio.  Every time I come here I reminisce of a love that sadly was just never meant to be.  Among other things, Antonio taught me the joys of pastry for breakfast.
Coffee and chocolate- what more could you need?! I visited both the coffee house and the chocolate house to buy some treats for my very lucky significant other. The ladies on the chocolate side were very helpful in picking out some sweets for my sweet. I felt like the price seemed very fair, especially for the quality of the candy. And they were eaten very quickly, so must have been good!! I picked up a bag of coffee next door as well, the Italian Market roast. It makes a great cup of coffee. The coffee shop was pretty crowded, and it made me smile to see a small business doing so well!
Anthony's has tasty - albeit a bit overpriced - gelato and chocolates. The gelato flavors are varied and legit, and it made for a tasty cold treat on a hot summer day. The experience felt a little touristy, due to the staff treatment and the decorations and marketing. Still, if you're looking for something sweet and refreshing, pay a visit.
Came here gelato and was pleased.  Not many choices for gelato but still good. I had the dark chocolate and it was pretty good. Will probably come here again if we're in the area.
By far my favorite coffee shop in Philadelphia. 

Not only do I love the espresso macchiato and a biscotti *while* I'm there, but their "Italian Market Reserve" is my favorite take-home coffee, bar-none, ever. 

(Their Palermo Espresso is pretty awesome too, if you have an espresso machine). 

Most people don't come here for this, but let me also give them a +1 on their sandwiches. Delicious, most of the ingredients are sourced in the same market, and I can think of few better ways to pass a lazy weekend afternoon in Philadelphia than with an espresso, panini and people watching through the cafe window at Anthony's. 

This family is one of the Italian Market plankholders from way back, and they are doing a fine job maintaining and furthering this place for future generations. 

Nerd bonus points: If you look at the photograph on the left-hand side of what Anthony's used to look like back when it was a poultry shop.
I really enjoy the ambiance here, nothing pretentious, a nice spot in the weekend craziness of the Italian Market. I also thought the breakfast panini ($2.99) I had wasn't half bad. I don't know about the coffee or cappucccino...I'm a tea drinker and always try the basic English Breakfast to rate a place for tea (I was colonized by the british...that's my excuse). The English Breakfast here ($2) completely looses it's flavor after adding the milk, I mean that's the only way to have English breakfast...right?

I did see them selling gelato outside, maybe that will change my mind about the place. Otherwise, it's there if I need it.
Although Valentine's Day has come and gone, I've been unable to drop my new found interest in locally-made chocolate. Today, my curiosity took me to Anthony's in the Italian Market.

I was let down. But maybe after last week's tasting bonanza in the Northeast, I was just expecting too much.

The goods at Anthony's seemed more about slick presentation than the timeless taste of chocolate, pure and often simple. There were a lot of highfalutin' chocolate pretzels with this nut and that nut; the caramel squares were very good; the chocolate covered strawberries very good. But nothing blew me away. It was all what you'd expect from a European-style chocolate house in an American city. Simply can't compete with the "real" local flavors, like Stutz's and Ostroff's.
I had a delicious cup of cappuccino! They take cash if the transaction is less than $5. It's a small little joint, I wanted to try their gelato waffle sandwich but it was too early in the morning for that.

I believe they have wifi? I saw a young lady working in the corner. Lovely place in the Italian market.
I've got two words for you: Irish Potatoes!  I was intrigued to see something called Irish potatoes in a bag as we wandered into Anthony's.  Had I been really hungry I would have tried the ricotta pastry, it looked unbelievable!

My brother ordered some fancy espresso drink (he is a local and a big fan of this spot), and my husband sheepishly asked if the hot chocolate is really chocolately (but I didn't hide under a rock yet).  My bro also got a chocolate chip cannoli and I took a bite...mmmmm!

I got the green ginger hot tea and these Irish potatoes.  I learned they are some sort of coconut candy rolled in cinnamon.  I waited until my return flight out of Philly to take a bite, and they were AMAAAAZZZZING!  They tasted sort of like a cinnamon roll, but I can pretend it is healthier.  Yummmmy!  I would definitely visit Anthony's again when I return to Philly.  I do love loose leaf tea spots and all of those tasty treats beckon me!
This is the place we stop for coffee most of the time when we are on 9Th street. They always seem to be very busy and they make a pretty good cafe au lait. We don't normally sit here but take our coffee's to go. Nice to have a convenient spot to get a java fix. Extra kudos for the service last night when we stopped. Because even though they were closing they still said they would make our coffees. Which was very cool.
We always stop here every time we come to the Italian Market. It smells so wonderful inside, and the coffee tastes equally as delicious. The prices are very fair compared to a lot of other coffeehouses in the city.
I'm usually not a big tiramisu person because every time I have it it often is over-liquored, however the tiramasu at Anthony's hit the spot, especially after a walk up from the Cheesesteak District on a cold day. If I wasn't already in a borderline food coma (which their double Americano helped take care of, thanks!), I'd have tried most of their other pastries too.

In a city with a Starbucks or Wawa on every third corner, it's good to have a truly authentic coffee place. I'll be back whenever I'm in Philly!!
Anthony's serves an excellent niche in the Philly coffee ecosystem. I've been a regular at Chapterhouse for a couple years, but when it gets particlarly crowded I go searching for alternatives, and Anthony's provided what I was looking for: a quiet, simple, nearby spot where I can get good coffee and a bite. As someone else noted, it's not really a study space - they have wi-fi, but the tables are small (as is the whole cafe), and they don't have the range of options that other spots have. The unpretentious atmosphere, however, is a big part of this place's charm. 

These impressions were all reinforced when I was heading to Chapterhouse recently with a visiting friend, who said "Is that the place that looked very...modern?" I could immediately tell what they meant (and knew it would be crowded), so I suddenly changed directions and took them here for a coffee and a panini, and couldn't have chosen better. The final thing that solidified my opinion was the portobello gorgonzola panini, which was actually exceptional.

If you're near the Italian market and want a quiet respite (and a decent cup of coffee or pastry), stop in.
Ugh... Take me back to Venice! That's exactly what this place reminds me of! Quaint, dark wood & marble... And of course it smells amazing! Fun selection of loose leaf teas like Blood Orange & Back Porch Blend. It's hot out, & I was extremely tempted by the affogatto but I went with the heath frozen mocha... Doesnt taste like heath but it's good!! If I lived around here I could see myself coming by & reading.
Quick and friendly service, fresh coffee, and tasty pastries! Great stop along the Italian Market for a quick bite to eat or coffee drink. I have had their breakfast sandwiches before and was so impressed with the size of it for the value. A croissant with egg and cheese and a medium iced coffee was only $6! I find that to be a steal in the city because this was not just any cup of coffee. It was fresh and delicious!  

They also have a large selection of Italian pastries and about 90% of them are made in-house! It's worth the splurge of extra calories - you deserve it.
I had a really good hazelnut hot chocolate here that actually had pieces of hazelnut in it. The hot chocolate was flavored like hazelnut too but still had actual nut pieces which was a nice touch.

My wife and I also ordered a cannoli for 3 bucks and thought it was one of the best cannolis we've ever had. It wasn't super sweet, and the cream inside was made perfectly, not too thick, not falling off and just fluffy but also still creamy enough and had a great taste.

Nice enough service, somewhat arrogant crowd. 

Right next to italian market? We will definitely be back.
Love love love their espresso. Their coffee is amazing. It is kinda far from me but I still walk there to buy their espresso coffee bean. They freshly grind for you right there and price is awesome. About $7-8 per package. My sister and mom in Korea got so hooked ( they are definitely coffee snob unlike me) so I have to buy for them too and mail them! 
I get their caffe latte and one biscotti  and grind espresso beans to go. Glad I found this little shop.
best iced coffee i have ever had in my life. the ice cubes were MADE OF COFFEE! the soymilk was that weirdo delicious/creamy coffee shop-only specialty stuff and they didn't charge me more for it!
Awesome gelato!! $5 for a medium. We split the hazelnut and biscotti flavors-- a very good deal especially compared to the price and size of capogiro. Cute little coffee shop which smelled amazing! I can't wait to go back and try other items they have to offer
Came here with my family and ordered a latte and cannoli. The latte was very good, but the cannoli was the best I have ever had! Other cannolis I have had were very very sweet, but this cannoli was only mildly sweet. The pastry tube was perfect texture and did not fall apart too much. I would go out of my way just to have that cannoli again!
Cute store but weird experience today... We and some other customers were looking at the chocolates for sale, and the sales associate (manager?) kept asking repeatedly who needed help. More than once we told her we were all still looking. It was a full hour before the store was to close, and she huffed to her colleague that they were "definitely getting out of there on time today" and then left the room. Not exactly what makes you feel at ease when shopping! The other sales people were nice, and the store was very cute and I did end up buying something. Just made me feel hesitant about coming back!
If you stick with the coffees and pastries, you will be fine.  The sandwiches, not so much. 

Both panini sandwiches were on some type of rosemary bread.  That's fine, but its like someone spilled a container of dried rosemary on top of the sandwiches...and it was like eating a mouthful of dried pine needles.  Both sandwiches had decent filling, but NO seasoning.  They really need to put some kind of dressing--or hey, even pesto, since this is Italian--on  their sandwiches.  Sandwiches were also served with this sad looking tiny "salad" of lettuce, tomato, and balsamic vinegar.  Not vinaigrette--vinegar.  I'm pretty sure the human palate does not want straight vinegar.  

2 stars for the sandwiches, 5 stars for the chai latte (best I've ever had) and nutella croissant (even though those are hardly Italian).
While I appreciate the demographic for which this coffeeshop is aiming, and know that it's appropriate for the tourist-drenched Italian market, I just have to put my coffee snobbish two cents in.  The staff were very rude in a way that was an attempt to be polite but fell short. The espresso was okay, but by no means was it pulled the way it would be in a true Italian coffeehouse. And I guess that gets to the meat of it.  It is an Italian coffee house reimagined in the way an American would do it and that would appeal to the American aesthetic.  This is true of much of the Italian market, but it especially annoys me here.
Big shout out to Marissa and Nicole at Anthony's --
Thanks again friends for great chat, cappuccinos (two!) and Italian pastries and chocolate to die for.
We became coffee shop friends one evening in the depth of one of those big January blizzards this year. When I made it back east again from the Bay Area last week, I made it a special point to stop by.
Thanks again. You two are great South Philly ambassadors.
I really wanted to love this place, but the pistachio cannolo I got was such a huge miss for me. The filling wasn't sweet at all. In fact it tasted very tart and lemony to me. I wondered if the cheese started becoming sour or if they really added some type of acidity into the ricotta. My boyfriend, whose Calabrian mother makes top notch, authentic cannoli, also agreed that the cannolo was very odd tasting and unenjoyable. On the flipside, the latte I ordered was delightful. I got a summer latte called the S. Philly Huckster, which was made with vanilla and amaretto syrups. I appreciated the online point of sale system that made pick-up super easy and effortless.
We stopped on by Anthony's on a trip to Philadelphia and the tiramusu was really good. Deep expresso flavor, light whipped cream (or however you make a tiramisu, im not a chef so im not sure). I'd definitely stop again here for a quick bite. It's a nice small quaint place with a cute patio.
I was sooooo glad that I had a second thought about this cafe. Just I was about to leave the with my girlfriend, we walked passing by this cafe. It looked like any other cafe: ordinary, humble and unimpressive. Once we found out that our appointment had been postponed, we decided to stay around longer and settled on this cafe.

Inside the shop was homely and lovely with the great, wide windows to let in the sunny light in. We looked around the reviews and found that sfogliatelle pastry was a star among the trends. Risotto? Mixed with citrus peels? As a pastry? I'd imagined the worse.  After a moment of hesitation and then a bite, was I so wrong. The texture of peels blended well with the flaky pastry along with risotto. The risotto had strong citrus notes, which shocked me. Who would have thought of that? Nonetheless, I enjoyed it thoroughly. Italian coffee, specifically Italian Market Reserve blend, turned out to be the best Italian coffee I ever had! I ended up ordering two pounds as a gift for my step mother. It worked so well with this pastry as it's a bit too dry; I drank the coffee too eagerly.

Cannoli was another pastry I had, which I had never tried before. It was interesting, but not a fan. Checking the item off of my foodie's bucket list.
Affordable prices and good food!!  I will say I want to like the coffee but I find most coffee drinks I get here are mediocre.  However the sandwiches are great and there's a large selection of chocolates at the counter.  Overall a solid spot!
I love South Philly and the Italian Market adds in character to one of my favorite sections of the city. You have your corner stores, bakeries, shops and etc. Anthony's Italian Coffee fits into the mix. Just that it is not for me. I am not quite the breakfast and brunch kind of person. The sandwich I had here could use more depth with the flavoring. I do enjoy the outdoor seats and service is good. Not a bad place for a visit for, but  not a regular place to visit for me.
Amazing cappuccino and baked goods on a cold morning.  Staff was friendly and prices are great. We enjoyed our breakfast and the people around us were all friendly.
