While I probably wouldn't choose this place as a dinner destination, I did have lunch here at least once every two to three weeks when I worked nearby.  The food is definitely a big step up from your standard take-out places.  It's got more of a P.F. Chang's vibe to it (meaning, stir-fried white meat chicken rather than random chicken pieces that are battered and deep fried to disguise their true identity).  I always alternated between the cashew chicken and the garlic chicken (not recommended if you plan on getting up close and personal with anyone for the rest of the day).  

The Thai stuff I've tried is pretty good as well; particularly the chicken satay with peanut sauce and cucumber salad.  

Bonus, you have the option of white or brown rice with your meal!
Asia is a cool little spot on the parkway where we stopped in yesterday for happy hour. Drinks at $3.50 a glass and 30% off appetizers meant I could gorge without hurting my wallet too much, and being early in the week it was a little dead, so our large group was easily handled. Staff was very friendly, wine glasses were chilled, and the statues are topless! I started with the Oriental chicken and corn soup, which was pretty good, and the thick broth retained it's heat extremely well. I like a little of the spicy kind of heat in my corn soups as well, so some hot sauce would have turned that sweet soup into excellent; maybe next time. Also dined on the BBQ spare ribs with Asian barbecue sauce and honey, plus a bowl of white rice. Ribs were okay, but i didn't really dig the mustard flavor of the dipping sauce that came with, so I ate them as is. Didn't get to sample anything from the entree list but it all looked good, so if I ever swing through again I will definetly give them a try, though the out of the way location for me could make that a little difficult.
Staying in the Sheraton a couple blocks away in the pouring rain, we stumbled upon this place by mistake after confusing directions form the concierge (or she confused her lefts and rights). With 2 starved kids, we stopped in and hoped for the best, and were immediately prepared to be disappointed. The place was nearly empty, with the staff outnumbering the patrons - and the the hostess, waitress, and everyone else were universally surly.

The service was slow - one could only imagine what its like if there's more than a handful of tables. And, as mentioned, surly. And they made a point to let us know our kids Sprites wouldn't be refilled for free.

All that said, the food was quite good. This is just a typical hunan-ish menu with a sprinkling of other pan-asian items including sushi, Thai, and some Malaysian  - nothing unusual. Wouldn't try the sushi.  But the Chinese menu was very well prepared. High quality ingredients, served very hot, very nicely presented. The pad thai was credible, as was the penang curry.

If I lived close by this would be an easy, frequent weeknight stop, and its a fine choice for anyone staying in the area not looking to be overly adventurous. A cut above your typical generic Chinese place, fair prices, nice decor. If the service was faster and kinder it would actually be a very nice find.
A definite fave in the area!

Things I liked:
1. Shrimp in rice wine sauce. Mellow & tasty!
2. Mango chicken (a hold-over from their 1st restaurant, Sqaure on Square)..but just as tasty!
3. Friendly owner and staff!
4. You can park at the hotel right next door and they'll validate your parking slip (at least for lunch!). Very handy as parking in that area can be rather dicey. 

Things I didn't like:
1. Again, a tad pricey!
This place has the best panang chicken curry I have ever tasted.  And that's all I need to say.

Update:  my husband just ordered the shrimp panang curry ($16) and he was amazed by the portion and size of the shrimp.  He got at least 8 ENORMOUS shrimp.  He loved it.
One of my favorite places for quality Chinese food. The service was sociable and attentive. Food is like a restaurant in Jacksonville I liked.
This place is one of Philly's hidden gem happy hours.  My friends and I stumbled upon this while we were aimlessly looking for a non-crowded after work location on a Sips Wednesday.  After two failed attempts, we saw the enticing $2.95 beer and wine special along with 30% off all appetizers.  What more could anyone ask for?

We were able to secure outdoor seating and our waiter was hysterically entertaining.  We ordered some apps to share among the table.  Each dish was just greasy enough to remind me of the Chinese food I grew up with.  

Totally fun place for drinks with friends and lots of people watching.
this place doesn't serve real Singaporean food. I'm Singaporean. Please don't say "Singaporean" to be hip and trendy if you're not going to do justice to my home cuisine. BUT 3 stars instead of 2 they did deliver really quickly to the hotel Windsor Suites, right next door, way faster than expected. It's basically generic (not that authentic) Thai food. 

why isn't it Singaporean? WE LITERALLY STAYED NEXT DOOR FOR OVER TWO WEEKS and we were walking/cabbing it to Penang in Chinatown. they have much better Singaporean food.
Got delivery from here on a Friday night and they came really quickly (I mean I do live 2 blocks away but still) and I was very impressed. I got one of the Thai curries and I had plenty leftover for lunch the next day. I was craving it for lunch! 

They have a good amount of vegetarian food which is always a plus for me!
I've been here multiple times for group lunches with work colleagues.  Prices, portions and quality are very good, and mid-town location is perfect when you crave Chinese/Thai/Asian food but don't have time for Chinatown. One of my go to dishes is Singapore Rice noodles - mildly spicy curry skinny rice noodles with thin slivers of shrimp chicken and pork.  They make it perfectly!  Another favorite is mango chicken (served in its halved out mango shell).  You can't go wrong here for a weekday lunch out.
I was skeptical of Asia on the Parkway for some reason, but on a cold winter night we decided to give it a whirl. And as far as it does for me, it was pretty solid!

The restaurant was clean, the staff was nice, they had moo goo gai pan (one of my faves), and I could even get a glass of wine with my meal. For me - it was great. My husband on the other hand had different expectations for his orange peel chicken. So that's why I am giving it the 4 stars. Wasn't the prep he has anticipated, so next time he knows better and will order something else.
I got the moo shu chicken and thought it was great. A pretty big serving too. Service was fast but there were not too many people there. I also loved how they had the Olympics on!
I'm not much for updates - especially if nothing has changed- but a friend & I had a nice lunch at Asia on the Parkway today.

It was exactly as it always has been.  Good vegetable dumplings.  Good Tom Kha soup.

Efficient service got us outta there in time for my friend to go back to "the foim".

Also - during the snow of 2010 we ordered delivery from Asia - and it was very good - and a life saver inour snow-bound state.

SKIP the shumai.  Get the chicken or veggie dumplings instead.
This is a staple for us - as we can take our 3 year old daughter there and the plac is never that crowded.  She likes the fried chicken dumplings and we like the Tom Kha Gai soup.  As for the regular chinese style dishes - they are good but not outstanding.

The prices are reasonable - although they did go up last time we went in.

The Shu Mai are huge with lots of meat (pork, shrimp and fake-crab) filling - but I would not get that again.

I did enjoy the chicken with sugar snap peas.
As with most "fusion" restaurants they probably do some things very well... but whatever that is it's not what I ordered. Sesame noodles tasted like, well just plain noodles, impossibly bland. Gen. Tso's Chicken... wow, where to begin? HUGE chunks of shockingly dry chicken breast. Unless you have a distended jaw I defy you to eat these (publicly) with chopsticks. Totally counterintuitive serving of food that should be bite-sized. More importantly, as mentioned very very very dry chicken. Sauce would have been okay if not for the nauseating hint of fish sauce... never ever again thank you.
They're a bit more expensive than regular Chinese food. So I only come here when my dad takes me for lunch. But it's gooood. Their wonton soup is perfect, the dumplings not too mushy. Their spring rolls are great. And my very favorite entree is the beef chow fun. So much more flavorful, better quality meat, than anywhere else. Chow fun is not that easy to find, but every other place I've gotten it, the noodles are so mushy that they're just clumps of goo, basically. Here they're nice, actual noodles. Would eat here daily if I could.
Yes I had. All these dishes.   Shrimp in lobster sauce.  Had there. Pork ribs. Won ton soup. And. Shrimp with vegetables.  E very thing was so good. It's located on Ben franklin pky. The service was great place so clean. Everyone so friendly. And very crowded. And they have a bar.  It's nice for family and friends get together. If your in the area you should stop in you be glad you did.
Mediocre food and bad service; very disappointed!

I meant a colleague here for lunch. I was very interested to try it considering how often I have gone by this place. She had been here in the past and recommended it.

Inside it was pretty empty. We sat outside at the only table available since the weather was really nice. We waited for what felt like a long time until the waitress ran by us. We had to flag her down a couple of times to get our order in. I ordered the crab and Singapore noodle salad, and my colleague ordered a salad and the tofu satay. My salad came out to be about the size of a half side salad with lettuce, noodles, and about 2 tablespoons worth of semi frozen crab meat. There really wasn't much to it but we had trouble getting the waitress to come back with another menu so that I could order more food. I eventually decided that I would just eat more food somewhere else. For a salad that cost $7.50 I would have expected a bit more food or something else like more veggies with it.
So I live close to here but never went before. I was feeling sick.last night and so checked it out so Indian have to walk far. I ordered spring rolls, soup and Thai skewers. My check was about 20 bucks.

The spring rolls were delicious. Very fresh, not too greasy and a nice size.

Soup was good. Skewers were a bit spicey, but good.

I think my big complaint for this place is that it seems like it is trying to be fancier than it is....the food is good, but I can get similiar quality in Chinatown for less. I didn't try the entrees,  but sweet and sour chk, for example,. was around 13-14 bucks.

That being said, I would go back since it is so close to my place. I would not hesitate to get the spring rolls, that's for sure. Additionally, the service was good. So no complaints there.
I should have known, when they had barely few tables filled up on Friday 8:00 PM. Me and my friend ordered a vegetable spring roll for our sides and a coconut curry soup. The soup is below average and instead of vegetable spring rolls, we got chicken spring rolls. 

Called the owner and returned it. Didn't ask for replacement. The main course was just edible. Tofu and shitake mushroom were dry. Hardly I could eat it with the rice. My friend ordered pad thai, which is the only good meal out of all we had. I would never come here again.
Avoid this place.  When I first arrived in Philadelphia in April 2009 for a stay at the Windsor, the first thing that greeted me at the hotel was the smell of a typical Chinese take out restaurant which you can find anywhere, (think: "Can you smell the MSG?")

One night, I wanted to be 'daring' and went in for something which could not be messed up.  I had the chicken dumplings and they were absolutely horrible.  Even with the soy sauce, they were terrible.  Then I had the chicken skewers which were a trifle more tasty but still well below any expectation of Pan-Asian cuisine.  The iced tea was old.  I was even asked if I wanted more after my first glass and I refused then saw the waitress empty the iced tea container into the sink!

The most foolish $25 I ever did spend was here.

AT YOUR OWN PALATAL RISK!
The Thai fried rice was flavorful with a hint of sweetness. It's also very convenient to the Embassy Suites which was perfect for my tight work schedule.
Ordered through here since it was the closest to my hotel room and they had room service.  The price for the food we ordered was ridiculous. I ordered a general tsao chicken and a side of vegetable fried rice and ended up paying 22 bucks. They said the fried rice was extra $6. I didn't want to argue since I was desperate for some food. The order came quickly but the food was disappointing. Probably the worst general tsao I've ever had. My boyfriend and I couldn't bring ourselves to even finish it. Had to put extra soy sauce on the rice to make it tasty. Needlessly to say, the best thing about this place is the fast delivery but I wouldn't recommend this place.
Surprisingly great food! I guess I was expexting it to be boring and flavorless because of its location but it is one pf the best pad thais I have had in Philadelphia! The staff is really nice and friendly. A tad overpriced, though.
Food tasted pretty poor. Think old microwaved chicken. And on top of that it was pricey. 

Used an online ordering system and they told us that we should call in instead next time instead of ordering on seamless (probably because they have to pay a fee to seamless). They said it like 3 times. All three of our orders were ready by the time I walked over.

Food Quality/Taste = 2 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 2 Stars
Decor = 3 Stars
This is the kind of place that you would definitely walk by without noticing it. A couple of work colleagues and I came here for dinner one night after work. I had seen the reviews and not many photos on here so wasn't sure what to expect. First, there doesn't seem to be a specific specialty (Thai, Chinese, Japanese...) Just Asian in general. With that being said, some similar places can have very mediocre food. We ordered the shrimp dumplings to start and then the three of us split the Panang Curry with chicken and the cubed beef and green beans. The dumplings were actually very great. You can tell they were handmade. The dumpling part was sticky as it should be. The cubed beef came in this fried shoestring bowl and it was tender and delicious. I'd say cooked medium to medium rare and full of flavor. The curry was just ok. Had great flavor but there was not enough of the curry broth and lots of peppers. Chicken was good and tender. I guess it's not a bad thing that it was full of chicken and vegetables but I also prefer a good mix of both. The curry part was also a little thin. I gave this four stars instead of five only because the menu left me wanting more. What we had was very good. Also a decent crowd in there when we went - business men, couples, etc. - definitely worth the try if you're in the area.
Came in for dinner while here on business. Service was a bit slow even though they were not busy. I asked if they had sushi and was told they did, although they only had two rolls and no sushi or sashimi. I had the California roll and it was OK, lots of rice, little crab and very little avocado. Also tried the orange beef and it was also OK, I've had better at PF Chang's. Based on this meal, I would not go back.
Eh. Same response from all four of us as to how the food was. Service was decent, can't complain about that. However, as many others have said, the food is overpriced for how marginal it is. We went because it was close to work and just to try it, but will probably never go back again.
This is a very mediocre place for expensive, not quite "Asian" food. The place doesn't seem to know what kind of "Asian" it wants to be. It tries to be a lot of things, but it ultimately falls short of expectations. You're better off finding some diner, going to whole foods, or even ordering take out over this place, unless you are staying at the hotel, then you get 30% off (but even then it's hardly worth it). 

The staff service is mediocre and unhelpful. Asking them anything about the menu and waiting for them to reply is like waiting for a cat to cough up a hairball. You wait and wait and nothing comes out, and when it finally does, boy did it take a lot of effort. Aside from sitting around, looking intimidated and refilling water, the wait staff doesn't do a whole lot.

The portions are small and unappetizing. I ordered the lamb with scallion from their "luncheon" menu. What I got as a side of white rice, 4-5 pieces of averagely-cooked and stingy portion of lamb that made up less than 25% of the entire dish. The Rest was scallions and onion (50%, with the rice being about 25% of the dish). Not very appetizing, at all especially as a $15 tag. Needless to say the dish was not filling and unfulfilling terms of taste. If you're looking for good "Asian" food I recommend you look elsewhere or get it delivered via one of the various food delivery places, like GrubHub. You'll get better value, taster, and especially better service than what you'd get there.

I would not recommend this place to anyone, except those looking for a pricey, yet average and unfulfilling "Asian" dining experience.
It's... fine. 

Our food was tasty but nothing special in my eyes (my boyfriend liked his meal much more than I did and can't wait to come back). Service was fast and super-friendly. 

Sitting outside on the patio and people-watching on the parkway is nice, but I found the place overall a little overpriced for what it is. 

It wouldn't be my first choice for a night out, but you could certainly do worse.
Food was good, atmosphere was nice, service was cool.  

We went as a family.  I don't remember a children's menu, though.  Boys shared a huge bowl of fried rice.  They are not stingy w/ the servings.
Loved it. We had an excellent first time here. Friendly, attentive, prompt service. Terrific martini along with a spider roll appetizer and two delicious entrees.  We eat lots of Asian food so we tend to be picky; we'll definitely be going back.
Very good food here. Nice clean upscale looking place. Great spot for lunch with customers. All in our party of 5 were very happy.
This place has the best spring rolls I've had anywhere to date. I mean they were really good. I'm not usually one to order them because it's always the same old mediocre roll at every asian restaurant  -- but these are different. I'm glad my neighbor recommended them.

They tasted really fresh with hunks of shrimp, chicken and veggies encased in a perfectly fried, very light wrapper. They're about six inches long, a good girth (heh) and you get two. For $4 this is a great and cheap lunch/snack.

The Shrimp Pad Thai was very good too but could have used a smidge more tamarind sauce. I've had better elsewhere but this item is no slouch.

The green tea ice cream is really good, too, although I doubt they make it on site. It's thick and rich.
Great for delivery, they are pretty speedy. 

We had take out from Asia On the Parkway last night. They give good portion sizes. Its definitely an easy go to place for take out. If you are ordering a spicy their "spicy" Pad Thai isn't all too spicy just a heads up.
This was one of my first meals in Philly. It wasn't anything special and I would not go back, though the staff were friendly and it was ready quick and pipping hot. 

All I got was the beef pad thai to go. It was basically tasteless. After squirting the provided lime on my dish and drenching it in all the soy sauce they gave me, I still was glad when I was full enough to stop eating...then chucked the rest.
After enjoying our Benjamin Franklin museum we walked around looking for a place to eat. It was a beautiful day so we wanted a location with outdoor seating. We came across this Thai\ Chinese resturant. When we first arrive a female waiter approached us she gave asked if we want to order something to drink without even giving us the menu. We asked her to give us a few min until after we see the menu. She returns 2mins after to ask again, we were still not ready she looked some what annoyed. She then return wanted to get our order told her to get us the drinks with appetizer and return for our order.  A gentleman approached the table and we place our dinner order. Our dinner came out first before our appetizer . When we told the gentleman that we had ordered appetite said oh I didn't know, anyways we got our appetizer 3min after dinner was served. For appetizer we had wings and dumplings. Wings were about 2 out of 5 just fried chicken and the steam dumplings were 2-5 flavor was bland we had to dip it in soy sauce to give it some flavor. Dinner had the orange chicken the small pieces of chicken were amazing because of the sauce the bigger chunk of Chicken tasted bland had to submerge it in the sauce. My husband ordered beef dish was pretty good 4 out of 5. My girlfriend ordered chicken shrimp curry noodle. Noodles were dry and lacked sauce she rated 3-5.
Could not even get served after waiting 20 minutes, and it was not that busy. 
This place blows. They suck - avoid, avoid, avoid!!!
Very tasty and not spicy. We tried Singapore rice noodles , chicken fried rice, Bombay chicken skewers etc and everything was yummy.
I'd say the food is pretty good.  The curry was about $13 and was probably as good as $20 curry elsewhere.  Pricewise and food wise it's a step above your normal chinese restaurant/thai restaurant.

Service is pretty bad, though.  After waiting 7 minutes (I checked) for a hostess, I had to ask one of the waiters if I could just grab a table.  They said no, wait for the hostess (who came about 2 minutes later, after showing another waiter how to run credit cards).  In general the service was pretty slow, although polite.  Glances at the wait staff weren't enough to get the check, we had to grab another waiter to find ours.   Four stars for the kitchen, three stars for the service, three stars for the price of food.  Not bad, and I'd certainly eat there again, but only if I was in the area anyway.
Let me preface by saying this review is only about the happy hour special since we did not eat a meal here. 

We were staying a block down from the restaurant at the Embassy suites and noticed the happy hour deal was $3 drinks and 1/2 price appetizers. Since the have outdoor seating on a sidewalk patio, we decided to stop in late on a Saturday (yes, a happy hour deal on a Saturday, you don't usually see that in Chicago!). The service was really friendly & prompt. If I'm staying in the area again, I would absolutely hit up this place again for the happy hour deal...and maybe sample some food next time.
Service was a little slow but the food was great. The flavors were not overstated or run of the mill and everything was very well prepared. Just a block from my "regular" hotel. I will be back.
I had the best vegetarian dumplings I've ever had here. They seemed to be handmade, and weren't just cabbage and carrots but included tofu and mushrooms, too. The waiter also got the kitchen to make their vegetable and tofu soup with actual vegetable stock instead of chicken. Reasonable prices, too. Yay!
No idea why this place is only rated 3 stars. I stopped in for lunch one day, and it was extremely busy. However, the service was great, and you get served green tea before you meal (which tasted amazing on a cold snowy day). I had the chicken and broccoli, and it was the best. Hands down my favorite Chinese restaurant in Philly, or possibly anywhere else.
The food is wonderful authentic my husband and I'm had the pepper steak and the Asian lo mein.  We were a little late getting there but they were very accommodating!  Our bar drinks were great and the food was very authentic and cooked perfectly..  We had the steamed chicken dumplings As an appetizer and everything was wonderful! A MUST  go if you enjoy authentic Chinese! ( limited sushi...)
Went for lunch with my coworker and had really AWFUL service. Waited 30mins for our meaL to come but only after asking. We were pretty much ignored the entire time. They were quick to collect the bill though, which had errors and made for an overall disgusting experience.
I went today with a co-worker and the staff was rude - they did not come to the table to check on us - we had to flag them down. Then they seemed bothered to get things for us. Even the manager was unpleasant.
I used to like the food and that is what brought me there.  The food was just adequate, not good. Today, that, with the very unpleasant service, I will not go back.
This is probably my favorite oldie but goodie Asian restaurant in Center city! The customer service is great although all do not speak English. It's very clean and affordable. I had the California roll, and omg by surprise it was warm full of texture and tasty. My main course was the Singapore fun with no PORK! That's really good and spicy. They give you hot tea and clothes to wipe your hands . 

This was my first time in a long while dining inside. We were seated quickly. There's only street parking nearby which during the week is hard but weekends is much better. If your in the area or mood for some good Asian food with quality I'd say go to Asia On the Parkway!
I'm from Philadelphia and this place is one I frequent. My favorite is the pork fried rice. They give good portions and the happy hour is worth checking out.
Quite impressed with our dinner tonite.  We had the crab Rangoon and shu mai appetizers.  Both very tasty.  The boys had a pair of Ying Ling beers and I had house tea. My husband had chicken gai pan which was good but the mango chicken and chow fun with beef both outstanding!  Nice night seating on outdoor patio but occasionally loud with motorbikes, rumbling cars, and generally from other people walking around.  We closed out with chocolate mousse we shared for dessert, not very Asian but just the thing to top off our evening :)
Pure accident that we ate here today. It was a beautiful day and they had outdoor seating.

We ordered the lobster summer rolls and they were the best summer or spring rolls we had ever had - big strips of tasty lobster.  Our entrees were the shrimp pad thai and the lamb with scallions. Both were excellent. 

We stumbled into a truly pleasant dining experience!
The lemongrass scallops and shrimp are worth the visit.  It's a quiet place.  Do ot sit by the door in the winter' you will freeze your tatas every time the door opens.  The bartender was very polite.
