The manager, Stacy Lyon, was incredibly rude to us. She would constantly come around telling us to take our check and get out. She yelled at us to leave and said security was coming even though we got our food only 20 minutes prior and agreed to leave. On the way out I asked to speak with another manager and she continued to yell and said she would delete any review we posted. The majority of this was recorded by myself and friends. She also got very close to our faces a few times during a pandemic which was concerning.
Would never return to this establishment. I understand the challenges COVID-19 is presenting for restaurants but Attico is missing the mark. Among my grievances are the fact that I made a reservation for 4:30 and though there were only a few guests, the hostess tried to seat me and my friend in the back of the restaurant. She walked us past numerous empty tables to put us in the back, with no view of the skyline whatsoever. Might as well as have been sitting in a basement. We didn't consent to that so they miraculously found us another table despite having other reservations. For whatever reason, those other reservations mattered more than ours. 
The food was fine I guess - the sauce for the chicken wings seems like it's vinegar based so that was weird and not enjoyable. The drinks were small but tasty and strong. My friend enjoyed his burger. I didn't mind the fries. 
Because of COVID, we now all have to adhere to dining times and our meal was due to be up at 6pm. We were not allotted more time despite their snafu with finding us a proper table. The host came to the table with our check, bypasses me, and tells my male friend that it's time to start wrapping up. Funny choice because I was the one paying. Why not speak to both of us or drop it in the middle the table? Quite sexist. 
Oh and when we left, the tables with better views were still vacant so still not sure why we couldn't have utilized them. 
Basically, from beginning to end, this was an invitation to NOT come back.
I was really excited to check this place out, and I'd give it a one star if I hadn't remotely enjoyed the drinks (I am a bourbon snob and the Southern Belle was very enjoyable).

We were being rushed out of the place due to reservation times, when our server was completely overwhelmed and couldn't tend to his 8+ tables. I had read reviews before and saw the place doesn't staff appropriately, so I should have known better.

The manager we tried to talk to was incredibly dismissive - couldn't even catch his name, but tall guy - and he almost talked to us in a condescending tone. Then he pulled down his mask, because I asked him to repeat himself, and I couldn't believe it. We are in a pandemic, and this place obviously doesn't get it.

Good drinks, cute view, subpar service and management. Better tapas-style restaurants in the city for half the price and none of the attitude.
My first experience here and I would never return. I'm
Accustomed to coming to a rooftop restaurant where you pay for the service and ambience and not the food but that's not the case here. I paid for location. The service here is terrible. I made a reservation to sit in a corner by a bush and to wait for almost 30 minutes just to be offered a glass of water. The food and service were a zero for me.
I barely had any of the food and drink. I tasted some of my moms and sisters drinks and appetizers and they were okay. If you are black or brown don't go here. It's not safe or welcoming. As soon as I walked in with my mom and sisters all eyes were on us and not in a good way. It's like we had invaded everyone's space. 

The waitress was very short and didn't bother to explain the menu or anything about the place to us. I'm also vegan and they didn't have anything on the menu to accommodate me so I ordered delivery. And I fully intended on eating it in my hotel room but my mom asked me to ask, what's the worst they could say. So I walked over to ask our waitress and as soon as I approached her she looked scared. And immediately 2 other white male employees walked over like I was about to beat her down. She was completely frazzled by the fact that I wanted to ask her a question. Ultimately I was told no outside god or drink which is fine but the behavior displayed was the worst. 

As a person of color this is definitely not a safe space for us. It's unwelcoming immediately. If you want somewhere to hang without feeling like you're being watched or rushed out you're better off enjoying the hotel restaurant on the 2nd floor. 

If I could give it zero stars I would.
The most racist establishment I've been to. Don't even waste your time. Unless you are white with money they will pay no mind to you. The food was underwhelming, and overpriced.
The only reason why this place is even getting one star is because we called and told them we were running late and they were very accommodating. 

On the other hand the food was bland and flavorless they didn't even have honey mustard nor blue cheese for the chicken wings. The wings were cold and dry and just not good. The menu is very limited maybe because of corona as a result I got a burger for my entree thinking they couldn't possibly mess up on a burger. But I was wrong the burger meat was tasteless and had little cheese. My friends ordered ice teas and it tasted like vinegar straight vinegar. 

Now on to the service our waiter was terrible. He hardly was around we didn't even see him when we wanted our check another waiter actually gave us our check and  bring us the different things we requested. 

Overall I kinda knew this place was going to have issues because I read the reviews on various platforms but because of corona sitting at different places were limited and this place allowed our group to all sit together.
My friends and I were hoping for a great experience here, although things have been difficult in general with COVID. Based on reviews and raves, we heard this place was a great restaurant to experience. However, we had everything but a good time. The waiter barely came to check on us. At one point, one of us had to walk over to the front to get a waiter because we weren't getting serviced. The waiters were too fixated on the table next to us to even pay attention to us because they were a group of rich white men. It was uncomfortable and an overall terrible experience. I would not go back there. There were racist undertones.
The rooftop views and decor are really nice BUT if they don't improve their customer service they will have problems winning over Philly foodies. I wish I got  the waiter's name that was extremely rude to me and my party (5 of us) , so we'll call him "Ass". The female manager, the hostess, servers and the bartenders were nice and helped redeem that "Ass", so that's the reason for my 2 stars instead of 1. I may go back and give them 1 more chance but I really hope I don't see that "Ass" again.

***Just checked my instagram account*** 
This place just posted a comment saying "#Insurance liability" under a photo I posted on instagram...I guess they don't think a DM or saying anything to me while I was there was more professional...I'm convinced that Attico as a whole is just an Ass point blank period...my rating is now a negative 5 stars! Never going back and telling all of family and friends not to go either.
Two great things happened when I visited Attico last weekend.

1. My party of 5 and I were at an outdoor dining spot before heading to Attico. As we were heading to a new spot, I decided to make a very very last minute reservation for Attico at 6:00 pm. Thank god, all the times were available, and I was able to get a confirmation. Once we got there, our 7th friend decided to join...but wait I only made a reservation for 6! Once we got upstairs, I kindly asked our hostess if there was any way possible, we would be able to get a chair for our 7th person. They said that they normally don't allow a 7th chair to be added on the outside, but they brought a chair over for us anyways. Score! I was so happy since this 7th person was my fiance's friend who I was meeting for the first time...didn't want to leave a bad impression. 

2. As soon as we got upstairs and were seated, literally within 10 minutes, it was POURING. But... wait til you hear the best part... the rooftop patio is covered!! They turned their rooftop patio into a tented patio! It was the most perfect thing ever considering it rained for like the 1.5 hours that we were there for. 

All in all, the drinks are good and they have taken all measures for covid-19 times. I would definitely recommend!
We came to this bar with high expectations and we were really disappointed. The drinks were good but the food was overpriced and not great. All of the waitstaff was extremely rude and talked about us right in front of our table. Overall, we were really disappointed. Also, a 20% gratuity was automatically added when it was definitely not deserved.
9pm reservation. Got there and asked for an outdoor seat and was told there was no space. We saw several outside seating areas. We asked for it again and was told someone coming in was going outside. When we said we asked as soon as we got to the door Ella the manager said she didn't know why we were arguing with her. We got up and left. Super rude! It's a rooftop on a 70 degree day. Who would not want an outdoor seat?
*5 star view and ambiance. The place is a great scene.

*4 star bartenders. They do a good job.

*2 star food. Over priced and very, very mediocre. 

*1 star for Stacy the hostess and her possie of roughneck co-hostesses and waiters, shaking paying customers down and asking them to move constantly.

A party of 10 of us nurses came here for a wedding celebration evening for a fellow nurse. We arrived at 7pm Friday night on memorial day weekend. The city was dead and Attico was busy, but not packed. We waited for 90 minutes to be accommodated with a table, meanwhile no less than 5-8 tables through the place were empty at ALL times. 

The hostess Stacy said she was holding tables open and empty for reservations 45-60 minutes in the future. We said we only planned to be there for about that long. We were bar hopping. She wouldn't accommodate us. We nicely asked another 2 times checking in to see if she would reconsider or if anyone had not shown after we realized how tables were remaining empty 20 and 30 minutes later. We said we wanted to buy a few rounds of champagne and a few apps. Nope. We said we were willing to be moved if that group got there in 45-60 minutes. Nope. She wouldn't budge and got even more short with us.

We decided to stay because we ran into other friends but for 90 minutes we had to STAND next to empty tables/couches (Stacy would sick her crew on us the moment anyone took a load off on the couch of any of these reserved tables telling us promptly to get up, "you cant sit there, a group is coming in 45 minutes." This is not an exaggeration. 

We were still waiting on the waiting list so we went and checked in every 10-15 minutes. After the 3rd check-in, Stacy FLIPPED OUT on us, screaming that we are "really rude to keep checking in when she told us she couldn't accommodate us and she doesn't appreciate being harassed". Yep. The hostess, whose job it is to speak to guests as they check in and inquire and wait for a table, said that doing her job meant she was being harassed. 

Three of us nurses stood there, 8:30pm on a Friday night, stark sober waiting to give her business our money, completely stunned at this woman. This is a new venue. This is how they're acting? We are all philly locals and work with 100 other women who all heard about the ridiculous treatment this new place is dishing out. She treated us this way after we had still decided not to leave despite how unaccommodating she was and that she rather tables stay empty for 45-90 minutes than take the money of 10 women standing there willing and ready to provide you business.

 The service here, clearly, is terrible. They truly know the meaning of not valuing customers or practicing customer service. 

Yeah Stacy, me thinks not.
RACIST!! UNPROFESSIONAL!! RUDE !! IGNORANT!! To say the least ! Horrible dining experience on the roof top with new servers with no appropriate guidance or overseer. Inadequate management and customer service !! Do not waste your time or money patronizing this establishment !! When expressing concerns to management he was not apologetic at all! He was extremely defensive and didn't acknowledge myself or the rest of my party's concerns. Served me raw chicken wings, I sent back and requested they cook a little longer for the waitress to return immediately with them stating the person who prepared them said they were well done! UNBELIEVABLE!  The staff didn't seem to treat the other guest of other nationalities this way...it was disgusting ! Would not recommend, do not dine here !
If could give less than 1 star I would. So I called ahead a week in advance to ask if they were accepting larger parties as I was getting married and staying at the Cambria Hotel and wanted to bring my bridal party for drinks the night before the wedding. Whoever I spoke to must have been new or did not understand because when I asked if they were accepting parties of 8, I was told that would be fine-they could seat us in the lounge area and any additional  people were free to stand at the bar for drinks. So I made the reservation for 8 people at 7:30PM. At 7:30PM I am waiting downstairs in the lobby, not allowed to go up, even though I have a reservation. I ask if any of my party has arrived, they say no. Me and 1 other member of my party are not allowed upstairs until 8:15- 45 minutes I had to wait even though I had a reservation! Once I'm upstairs I see that 2 people from my party are already there! When I get settled and ready to order a drink I'm approached by the manager Stacey saying I'm not allowed to have 8 people in my party (even tho they allowed the reservation) and that they could possibly squeeze two extra chairs in (at this point there are 4 guests). I tell her there are 4 people waiting downstairs who are not being let up and she says that there's nothing they can do and that they have other reservations coming in. I wasn't even able to get my entire party of 8 seated! The rest of my guests were left in the lobby!!! I was thoroughly disappointed. If the reservations are only for 6 then they need to communicate with each other before booking larger parties. When I tried to talk to Stacey to see if anything could be done because I still had guests downstairs she was beyond rude telling me that nothing could be done. I asked if they could come up and stand at the bar, she said no. No apology, no attempt at a solution. I get it was a busy Saturday night and she was probably flustered already with the volume of people, but I was expecting better customer service from the manager. So we decided to leave, I didn't even get to order a drink, after 45 minutes of waiting! The best part was when we left the elevator "security guard"  told us to NEVER COME BACK. As if we started a bar fight or did something ridiculous! What was supposed to be a relaxing and fun night before my wedding day turned out to be a complete disaster. The management is terrible, if you have an event or a larger party, take your business elsewhere. Unfortunately my best friend who is an event planner in the city recommended this place. Her business will no longer be booking with ATTICO. DO NOT COME HERE.
Totally not my scene for a Saturday night. You need to show ID in lobby, get a stamp then take an elevator to the top. There's also a "fashionable" dress code. We had just came from a nice dinner so I wasn't worried with how we had dressed. Nice shirts and pants. We got in just fine.

All the bros and basic girls were out in force taking selfies. Place was packed before 10pm (they start to charge a $10 cover after 10). They had a tent up on the deck so there really wasn't much of a view and all of the areas along the edges were taken up by couches and the bartenders. It isn't a very big space.

Bartender was friendly but the small drink was watered down, loaded with ice and cost me $15. We left after 15 minutes. It was pretty loud. Not a place for a chill after dinner drink.
I would never come back here. Terrible experience, food was cold and the waiters did not do their job.
I would first like to mention that this was the worst dining experience I experienced in this city.  I was there with a party of 6. Firstly, one of my guest asked for an apple martini. The waitress brought back some other kind of drink. When we mentioned that this is not the drink she ordered, the waitress then said they do not have ingredients to make an apple martini. Instead of mentioning that initially, they just gave my friend anything. Second, another friend ordered wings FRIED HARD. when the wings arrived, my friend stated they were not fried hard to her liking. The waitress took them and came back a minute later stating that the chef said they are friend hard. What a paying costumer wants obviously does not matter. Thirdly, another friend ordered her wings with no sauce. The wings never came out and she never received her food. We ordered oysters and they arrived with no condiments. And they after we ate our meals when they were ordered as an appetizer. LASTLY We asked to speak to a manager. The manager AJ came and was rude to us. He did nothing to accommodate us, was dismissive and unapologetic. he then went to get the check and basically threw it in our faces. I hate to say but as black women we felt very disrespected.
TERRIBLE. DO NOT GO HERE! Night before my best friend's wedding. Reservation made for 7:30 pm. We get there and they make us wait until 8:15 pm to even go up, and they do not even provide us a reason despite how obviously disappointed we were. Finally we go up and they do not let us ALL go up, claiming that they only had a reservation for 6 when it was supposed to be 8. They also told us that we can bring extra guests but if we do, they have to stand at the bar (which we tonight were told isn't allowed). I cannot believe how bad they messed up our special night, amd how much miscommunication occurred on their end. We pled with them to make it work considering we did everything right, and they did not care. No one even apologized. :(
This is the most uppity bar in Philadelphia - the management thinks they are running an upscale NYC bar. Overpriced drinks and small plates. I planned a birthday outing there and a few friends did not show up - there had been protests in the city that day and it had just down poured. The manager tried to charge me $40 per person for the few friends who didn't show up on my birthday. Meanwhile my friends there were all ordering food and expensive cocktails - it's not like they were losing money on our group. Overall really disappointing and made my birthday a stressful experience. Would not recommend
If I could leave no stars I would. Reluctant to even go out during this pandemic we decided to take advantage of my mom watching our son. I surprised my wife with reservations go Attico. I was told they had several appointments available so I made one for 8:00. To be fair the environment was very nice, but when we arrived we were treated poorly. Was not many Black people here so that should've been a sign. We were seated way in the back of the establishment by a storage closet. We were not happy, but we decided to sit anyway. Seeing my wife unhappy for our date I asked the hostess if we can be seated at another table once one opens up. We seen 2 parties leave and the seats were given to some one else. We decided to leave right after getting our drinks and appetizers. The hostess and the sever did not even ask why we were leaving. Despite the terrible service we paid our bill and left a good tip. Doubt I'll be visiting here again.
Their website said for parties of 2 after 3PM, they don't take reservations however we get there around 7 and the lady at the elevator rudely said they are all booked up for the night due to reservations. 

Wtf..?
My husband and I wanted to enjoy happy hour outside and found this when we searched on yelp. We were intrigued by the rooftop and the great happy hour prices. It seemed like it would be a great spot but NOPE!

When we got to the entrance, we waited in line with a bunch of people to get our id's checked and hand stamped. I hate that. It was like we were going to some sort of nightclub and not a restaurant. We rolled with it, but I had a feeling it wouldn't be the place for us.

When we got upstairs we were told a table would be about an hour - ok whatever - so we decided to just grab drinks at the bar. That would've been fine but there was NO place to sit. Everything was "reserved". We squeezed ourselves on a little bench, finished our drinks, and left, never to return again!
Attico is trying too hard. For one, it's one of those places where there is a doorman who gives you a stamp before you enter to elevator to the rooftop. Also, there is a dress code and possibly a cover charge. 

If despite all the above the place still piques your interest, then you'll love this place. The music is super loud, the kind where you can't hold a conversation with anyone unless you yell. Most of the tables have a "reserved" sign on them, but are empty and random bros are shouting "Get another round of shots!" 

Drinks are expensive and the view isn't even that great. However, if you're the type who likes to be seen, then this is the place for you.
I had been so excited to come here and after finally doing so for the first time I can say I won't return. Terrible food, terrible service, prejudiced staff. The restaurant was empty but the person seating us insisted that we be seated in an isolated corner near an exit sign. A two top was seated in a more desirable location after we were told we'd be informed if a better table "opened" up. Can I reiterate that the restaurant had plenty of open tables?Yes, I had a reservation. Black Lives Matter.
I could not be more disappointed in an establishment. The night before my best friends wedding who paid A LOT of money to stay at the hotel, we had a 730 reservation. They let 4/9 of our party in, and made the bride wait 40 minutes to come up. Not 10 minutes after she came in, they said you have 9 and your reservation was for 8, then 6, and essentially told us we need to leave. I told Stacy the manager, hey, we're going to spend a lot of money tonight, it's my best friends wedding, can we buy drinks At the bar ? to which she respondEd that doesn't really matter to us, as soon as you leave someone will take your seat. We ask to speak to the manager and big surprise - Stacy is the manager. We decide this place doesn't deserve our patronage if they're going to treat us so shittily. We calmly tell Stacy on the way out, that was really disappointing and not the way you treat people. That an apology and a smile would go a long way. We get in the elevator and the security guard then gets extremely aggressive, presses the close elevator button and yells at us AND DONT COME BACK. I have never, ever been treated like this at a bar before, with a reservation, and on the eve of a wedding. The kicker was the obviously mass sent email from Stacy thanking us for coming and for our business The next day. absolutely laughable. Take your money and your business elsewhere. We will be lodging a formal complaint and filing with the Better Business Bureau. Replace management ASAP if you want to salvage your business.
Tl;dr mediocre views, expensive food and drink, sub par staff. 

I was on the hunt for a decent rooftop bar to hangout with a couple of my friends. We decided to check out Attico. Our experience was a mixed bag. The drinks were good and the food was alright, but the prices were a bit more than I was hoping for. Also, we were really counting on a stunning view, but most of the open spaces to look out into the city were either covered up by plants or were located next to tables and couches that were reserved by other parties. I did enjoy the vibe, but it did feel a bit like I was entering a night club because of the hand stamp and the long line to check ID's.

Full disclosure, I'm takin an entire star off because of the service. When we arrived, we asked for a table and were told that everything was reserved. We decided to sit/stand at the corner of the bar. Finally, a couch against the wall opened up and we waited about ten minutes to see what the status was. When nobody cleared the table, we asked the bartender if we could sit there. He said yes. Right as we were getting comfortable, a hostess came over and told us that we needed to put our names on the reservation list and that we couldn't just skip in line and take tables from other people. We told her that the bartender gave us the okay, but we were willing to get up and put our names on the reservation list. She said it was fine for us to stay and she'd send someone over to take our orders. 

About ten minutes later after trying to flag down the wait staff, a waiter came over and told us we needed to get up because we the hostess never told us to sit there. I told him "The lady right there at the front (and made eye contact with her) said we could stay here, after the bartender already told us we could sit here. So are you telling us we need to get up after having been here for over ten minutes?" He told us yes and stood there waiting for us to get up. We left shortly after that.
0 out of 10 stars, would not recommend to anyone. They sat us basically in the storage closet, separated from everyone. And when we asked to be moved they said that  if a table opens up then. Meanwhile they found a table to bring out and place in a nice spot for a fair complexion couple. Never will I ever be returning, and I'm telling everyone I know to not even waste their time. Completely disgusting
The food was great here. I just think there are too many stipulations for a subpar and overly expensive restaurant. The view is great and they accommodate for the cold with heated areas.
Such a cute happy hour spot!
A group of friends and myself were looking for some time to kill before dinner. We looked up some stuff online and decided to head to Attico without knowing what to expect. 

Upon entered at ground floor you show your ID and then take the elevator up to the roof. Many tables were reserved, but we were there pretty early so they had a table for us. 
The space is decorated with velvet couches, statement chairs, and stylish plants and hanging vines. The bar has a roof over most of it and there is a small border that is uncovered and offers beautiful views of the city. 
There was also an area with a tent, but I'm not sure if there was an event or if this is year round. 

For drinks I ordered a peroni and an espresso. We also ordered 2 orders of pretzels to share for the table. The mustard was delicious!
Overrated and pretentious. Nothing special to offer but staff with a power complex. Elevator lackey has a serious attitude problem perhaps relating to his role as an elevator lackey. Go anywhere else in Philly for better drinks and a better atmosphere.
Service was terrible - let's start there. The food was just okay and a bit overpriced to be so lackluster. To make matters worse, my credit card was charged 3x's the total of our bill.
Definitely do bot go here if you are a POC. It's sad that we still have to experience racism in business establishments in this day and age. The staff needs to be screened thoroughly!
Such a dope rooftop!

I always keep telling myself that someday I'll open up my own rooftop bar in Philly - that day has yet come but until then, I'll enjoy the ones that are here. 

I am rarely on Broad St. but happened to be here for a show at the Philadelphia Theater Company last Wednesday. We had some spare time in between and decided to check out Attico. First off, it's located on top of the Cambria Hotel in case Google Maps lets you down, and there's an express elevator that takes you straight to the top. Luckily we came during happy hour, and I ordered a Vodka Mule while my friend ordered a glass of white wine. We both loved our drinks and would have definitely ordered more if we weren't on a time crunch.

Attico is super cozy and homey on the inside, and the outdoors area has mini heated lamps on the tables with stringed lights around as well as super comfy lounge couches. Overall, an incredible addition to the rooftop life in Philly, and I will definitely be back!
Came here with my friend due to the rooftop atmosphere among the pandemic.   It was my first time attending and I loved the vibe.   The crowd was diverse and my drink "Mykonos sunset" was tasty.  Since travel is suspended why not visit via beverage? 

I wasn't too hungry so I ordered an appetizer, potato gnocchi.  It was really delicious with a slight citrus element to it.  I'll definitely be back to try more items.
I had a WAY different experience coming here for dinner than I did for brunch. Came here for my birthday with my friend and I was underwhelmed to say the least. There was a 90 minute time limit which is understandable with covid, but if you're going to set a limit, make sure you hold ALL of your customers to that limit. Don't favor one table over the other. The drinks and the food were alright but honestly not worth what we paid. If you're trying to pick between coming here for brunch or dinner, I would most definitely pick brunch.
The drinks were good, the food was delicious but the service was bad.  It was not busy but to get silverware, water, refill of drinks was like pulling hair.  The servers were off laughing amongst themselves and not paying attention to the 8 tables.  It was too bad because the food and drinks were good. To get to the table you have to take an elevator and must have a reservation.  i will try it again, but with lower expectations.
Food was pretty good so was our waitress but the management is extremely racist, caused a scene and threaten to take down bad reviews because she just didn't care.
Looked this place up online states no reservations its 1st come 1st serve decided to go around 630 very rude woman hostess I guess said fully booked for the night. We asked how were they booked for the night if there is no reservations? Gave us a rude look and turned away
We were excited about coming to this rooftop since we were guests in the Cambria hotel. However, it was just expectations - We had a reservation at 9:30pm and we were seated around 9:40. We waited at the table for someone to get us at least water but they literally ignored us for around 20 mins. It was like they didn't notice we were there or we don't know what was happening because they weren't really busy. - As I said before, we waited for at least 20 mins and they did not even ask us if we wanted something to drink or at least water. We decided to leave after 20 mins of being ignored and we spoke to the hostess to let her know. Terrible experience! I wouldn't recommend nobody to come to this place. Just expectations!
I have mixed feelings about this rooftop bar. I came on a Friday night with my boyfriend at around 8:30pm. There's reserved seating and then there's the chairs by the indoor bar. Crowd is full of professionals ranging from 20's to 40's. Not too many drink choices and they range from $10-$20. Chairs were removed at 9:30pm to make room for more people. I believe there was a sign for $10 cover after 10pm entry. The view was honestly not that great. I couldn't even take a good picture. Don't get me wrong, there are some instagram-worthy seating areas, but I wouldn't come here just for the view.

Service was totally dependent on what bartender you got. There was one bartender who would make the drinks perfect and fill it to the top. Tried this other bartender and he didn't fill it to the top (about an inch below the rim." When my boyfriend stated there wasn't enough, the bartender rudely said, "pay more for another drink." Considering that we already dropped $100 on their overpriced drinks, that put a bad taste in my mouth and we decided to leave.

Music was good while we were there. That's probably the only positive thing I can remember from last night. I hear happy hour is worth checking out, but not too sure after last night's service. You won't be seeing me at Attico for a good while.
Neat rooftop bar in Philly. The brunch is good and service is great. Good drinks as well.
The service here is terrible, especially towards minorities. The bartenders act as if they don't want you there. They had an entire room of empty tables that were reserved. They didn't expect those customers for two more hours, yet we couldn't sit down in the meantime. Poor service, poor attitude, expensive drinks. Not my kind of place.
I did not eat any of the food--just went to the rooftop bar.

I am 31, so I'd say I'm right around the target audience for this bar, but I felt it was overwhelmingly mediocre for what it could have been.

I mean, a rooftop bar sounds awesome! ...but $10 covers later, you get up there to find the rooftop is actually completely covered with a tent-like canvas, you can't see the sky or hardly any cityscape, and the DJ is spinning great tunes that nobody is dancing to because it's overcrowded beyond belief (on a Saturday night, anyway).
I came to Attico with a few friends for happy hour. When we arrived, we were told it would be about an hour wait for a table. The place was packed and there wasn't really a good place for us to stand. We were able to still grab drinks at the bar and decided to hang out near an empty table with a reserved sign on it. About an hour later, our table was ready and it ended up being the empty table we were standing next to the entire time. I'm not sure why we couldn't be seated earlier, but at least we got a table during happy hour. We had to flag down a waitress because no one ever came by to take our order. 

The cocktail of the day was a peach daiquiri, which was delicious, but while we were there they changed it to a bourbon drink. I ordered the vegan Dan Dan noodles, which were decent considering they were vegan, but not worth the $10. My friend ordered the happy hour chips for the table. They were served with ranch and were delicious. 

Overall, the food and drinks weren't impressive enough to outweigh the subpar service. The happy hour had good hours and it was nice that the happy hour specials were available at the tables, but the prices were still kind of high. The place itself doesn't really make you feel like you're on a rooftop; it feels much more like a patio. Philly has so many better outdoor restaurants and happy hour spots. I don't think I'll be back to Attico, but I'm glad I gave it a try!
Full Disclosure: I work with Attico from time to time. 
But put that aside. The secret is out. Philly finally ("phinally"?) has an official downtown rooftop bar. Take THAT DC, NYC, and other cities up and down the East Coast! Attico is perched above the new Cambria and if you haven't been up there for a day party or a Friday/Saturday night of fun......get used to that feeling. The line is out the door onto Broad Street before the clock strikes 10:30. People must've heard of the all-weather roof deck, the amazing views, the DJs, the delicious bites, and the dope cocktails. You might have better luck with their weekday happy hours or showing up early on the weekends. Now, you can get mixxy with it cause Attico has the best of the best behind the bar, but a littttttle secret: look at the value of the Sparkling Rose. (You're welcome). It's early spring and Attico is just getting started. Dress the part and come ready to spend. With all of this attention, Attico can choose who they let into the space and you don't want to be left out or worse, taking that long elevator ride back down to the lobby
I was not too impressed with this experience. It was a little chilly, the outdoor tables had heat lamps on but inside the fans were on. The food was defiantly not worth the price. I got the gnocchi that was 22$. It was a very small plate, very cold and with not much flavor and ALOT of broccoli and a little bit of pasta. My boyfriend had the pork toast he enjoyed. We got wings that were cold as well. For 15$ for 6 wings I would have expected better. I was confused as to who was my waiter because about 4 different people came up to help us. The aesthetics are nice, but other than that, I wouldn't go back for anything other than a photo opt.
Went here with a group of friends and got a bottle, the bill was about $500. My friend checked his account the next day and realized he was not only charged the $500, but an additional $5000! They suspiciously rushed us out as soon as we signed the check at about 1:45 AM before the DJ made the  announcement that it was closing time. Considering we were one of the only tables that night, you would think they would put extra effort to provide a good experience. Also there was also no effort put to keep our table area private, random girls kept lurking around trying to get invited to our table...which was just awkward and uncomfortable. Additionally the DJ was extremely nasty when one of my friends tried to request a song and was basically told to 'get lost.'  We won't be returning and I only recommend this place if you're interested in being robbed of 5k. I guess it is safe to say we got "Attico'd."
I'm very torn about my experience here. While I fully respect an establishment with a dress code and rules, I also expect the management to provide service to be on par with such rules. While the establishment itself (especially the outdoor space) is beautiful and worth the trip, our experience for my brothers private birthday party was extremely disappointing. I've worked in the service industry for over 10 years and I can't imagine greeting anyone, let alone people throwing a private party, the way we were greeted. There was no hi, welcome, nice to meet you I'm the manager etc, which should be standard for any party that has been coordinated through a restaurant. I understand a rooftop bar can be overwhelming, managing customers coming for a view can be frustrating, but this was a pre planned and paid for  event, yet we were greeted like we came in last minute asking for a reservation for 20 people and they couldn't be bothered. The manager (with light brown hair) was so aggressive from beginning until end. Her introduction to us was yelling at us for bringing in 2 balloons, which we ran by another manager downstairs. Her attitude was so unwelcoming and unnecessary, I'm actually shocked she works in the service industry and represents an establishment that way. We also hired a singer to provide entertainment and she was told she couldn't bring a speaker or microphone. So she had to awkwardly yell with her guitar and could only get through 2 songs before having to call it quits. 

On a very positive note, our server Kristen was unbelievably attentive, always around and beyond helpful. She really made our experience. The food was constantly coming out and was very enjoyable. The bouncers were very nice and professional. 

All in all, if you pay to have a private party, you should be taken care of simply with a pleasant greeting upon arriving. The attitude and vibe we were given from the start really soured the experience. I hope in the future, the hospitality and management can meet the prices and rules, especially for private parties.
I came here with a couple of my friends while I was in the area. You have to book a reservation on their website to secure a table. The service was great, and the waiter I had was very friendly. I love the atmosphere of the place and the little details of the decorations.

We came during happy hour and I thought the cocktails were great, my favorite was the Love Mountain. We also ordered the crab melt, short rib ragu, and chicken wings. The crab melt and short rib ragu were absolutely delicious. However, the chicken wings were alright, I did think it was a little too try and not very flavorful. 

Overall, I really enjoyed coming here and I would love to come back again when I'm in the area.
We ordered drinks and fries. Then we got out of there. Our waitress was amazing at trying to keep us happy. However when you're paying $30 a plate and $12 a drink at a rooftop restaurant and your sat right next to the toilets inside ...it's a turnoff to say the least. I couldn't get out of here soon enough after smelling someone's poo.
A Great Experience, Even in the Cold!

We set our reservations for Attico on a Friday evening in late November, so we obviously didn't make it outside. We stayed inside but still really enjoyed everything that Attico has to offer. 

We were greeted and seated right away upon arrival. Service was fine. Food was quick and the server was okay, but nothing too negative to say. Honestly, it just didn't seem like he was in the best mood but he wasn't rude, if that makes sense at all...just almost like he didn't want to be there but was at least making the effort to seem pleasant. I truly think he did make the effort, though, and this could happen to anyone (who knows what happened to put him in a bad mood?) so I'm still giving him a perfect score. (service 5/5).

Food was all very good. Loved the Vegan Dan Dan noodles. Those are truly words I never thought I'd say. I also loved the Boa Bun, and the Attico Burger. Korean ribs were also fantastic! All well done. The cheese plate was good, but I wasn't overly impressed by it. Overall, food was great (5/5).

Had two glasses of Happy Hour Pinot Noir. I hope they expand their HH drink menu in the future, but still fine by me! (Drinks 5/5)

Ambiance (5/5) was also great even if we weren't on the roof deck (you can't see much anyway unless you walk over to the edge) but I really liked the atmosphere and look forward to getting there once the warmer weather hits!
After having a reservation at a rooftop and getting so excited to be outside with a view, this is where we were seated - inside next to the bathroom with no view whatsoever. It was literally crappy hearing and smelling the bathroom behind me. The prices are not worth it, and my time was wasted for this "rooftop" experience.
The food is "meh," but who's going to a rooftop bar for food?

As far as ambiance goes, Attico checks off everything a person could want from a rooftop bar -- good vibes, fun decor, and a view. Nothing really stands out, but altogether, it's fine.

The only bad thing was how aggressively they turned tables, i.e. kicked people out when their time was up. Attico (like all rooftop bars!) is popular and especially during COVID-times, I get that the restaurant has to have a time limit on tables, but the way they went about it was rather tactless and severe. Just a warning for anyone who may be more sensitive to this kind of thing due to special events, etc!
Finally.... a Philly rooftop bar/lounge that I can get down with!

While you may notice some savage reviews from pedestrian yelpers, ruthlessly critiquing Attico in its first few weeks of opening, I am one who understands the reality of it taking some time to iron out the kinks after first opening the doors. 

The space is stylish and welcoming; with various types of seating options, and a cozy bar to enjoy an expertly crafted cocktail. The outside patio is setup comfortably with sectional sofas, swinging chairs, and other unique seating options for all preferences. As we've crept into the colder seasons, the addition of heat lamps is a great touch.

I look forward to seeing Attico grow and expand. Impressive accoutrements have already been added since the doors have opened, and I can just imagine there is more in store. Best of luck, and see you again soon!
I came here for my 21st and it was the worse experience! They sat us in the corner outside of the pretty lights against a wall with no view even though they knew it was for a birthday. They sat us on couches with a table that was super low and uncomfortable to eat on. We had to hunch our backs and repeatedly asked the server and host if we move, later telling us it was not possible and did not try to help and add any assistance. Our plates of food were on the edge of the table - at a point we had to put our food on the edge of the couch which is unacceptable for the price we paid for. The food was mediocre, came out chilled and was not asked for temperature of our steaks and was automatically given a rare steak. Pork meat temperature was not asked and was given a slight pink to the meat. Overall, the experience and food was not worth what we paid for.
Update: after many calls with the uncooperative credit card company and a call back from Cameron at Attico, my issue has been resolved. Cameron was very helpful and understanding. Apparently someone overheard my tab name and added drinks to my tab and closed out by signing a "K" on my bill. SHADY. I guess just another reason to always close out and never keep a tab open.

A nice happy hour space (HH from 5-7pm), especially if the weather is good. The balcony is really beautiful. I would rate 4 stars because the service was mostly okay (they turned on heat lamps for us), and they have a decent selection of drinks (beer $4, wines $6, and a cocktail for $7) and HH food (ranging from $4, 6, 10, 12). The vegan dan-dan noodles were flavorful (but my spice-loving friends said it was not spicy at all, I thought it had a bit of a kick), and I enjoyed the jerk chicken bao buns (you get two, so it's a great deal for HH!)

I docked one star because they need to figure out their credit card/tab situation. Me and my friend got to Attico early and grabbed a drink at the bar for happy hour. We each put down credit cards and said "sure" when they asked if we wanted to keep our tabs open. They returned the physical cards directly to us.

Later when the rest of our group arrived, we moved to the balcony to accommodate everyone. This was a server space, but our server said he could transfer our tabs over to the group bill. The server seemed a little new, so I asked him to double check that we didn't need to close out at the bar. He confirmed (after checking) that we were all set. 

On my way to the bathroom (which was clean, 10/10 would recommend to pee here), I stopped at the bar to ask bartender from before if he could confirm my tab was closed and moved over to the group's bill as I had moved outside. He said I would need to check with my server. 

I ended up settling up by cash, and for some reason I was a little nervous so I returned to the bartender to ask if he could double check that my tab was closed. He (a little gruffly) told me that he had no way of checking on the system if my tab was still open. 

My friends ended up asking our server again to make sure, and we checked the bill and it all seemed fine/covered everything. 

I made a point to check my credit card later, and sure enough they charged me. Not only that, I ended up being charged $50.80 for a single happy hour wine! This also happened to my friend who also had an open tab before settling in cash.

I called a few days later and left a message, but they did not call me back. I just called again today and was able to speak with someone who said she would look into it, but said she would need to check the tabs/receipts from that night make sure everything was accounted for...  

TL;DR: don't set up a tab at this place! It's a nightmare to deal with...
Attico is an awesome addition to Philly's meager selection of rooftop bars. I almost did not want to write this review, because I'm selfish and I want Attico to remain unknown hahaha 

Entrance -The bar is on the rooftop of the Cambria Hotel. Show you ID at the front desk of the hotel by the entrance and security will direct you to an elevator to the rooftop. 

Seating - I have been here twice in the past 1 month, both times it was a late weekend night in groups of 5+, and I did not have any trouble finding seating. Likely because not many people know about this place yet, and most of the customer were hotel guests. There is a bar with indoor seating, which opens up directly to the outside seating area. Lot more seating outside than inside. 

Drinks - Range from $6 to $20, small plates of food available for purchase, but I would not come here for dinner, its more of a happy hours, late night drinks type of place. 

Atmosphere - Decor is super cute, hip, romantic, and of course instagramable! Bring a jacket if you're coming here in the colder month! 

View - Cool view of the city hall. If you want a bird's eye view, this is not your place. Personally I think the the chill vibe and decor of the place compensates for the view.
Attico is a solid addition to the Philly rooftop bar scene! My friend and I came here around 6:30pm on a Saturday night, and it was hopping but not too crowded. The view is great, and the space is absolutely gorgeous. Both inside and out, it's beautifully decorated.

We ordered at the bar before finding a table in the outdoor seating area. I got a beer, and my friend got a cocktail with elderflower. I thought her drink was a bit overpriced, but it was refreshing. We didn't end up eating anything since we had dinner reservations for later, but we saw a few plates of food go by that looked yummy.

I'm sad that I didn't get to go here more before it turned chilly, but they do have outdoor heaters, so I'm sure it will still be a good drink spot in the colder months!
I had this on my list of definitely want to try. I have tried it and I think I'm good. My boyfriend and I came here to after dinner to celebrate his birthday and meet with some friends. I have never been here but the vibe is kind of weird. I don't know, maybe I'm old but there was a weird vibe. The people working there did not seem overly friendly and the bartenders kind of talked to me like I am a dummy which I will say in my defense,is not the case. It got packed so quickly that enjoying the view was to hard and sitting down was even harder. Reserved signs were everywhere and you could not just sit. People were stalking the swing chairs and I didn't feel like losing a tooth battling for one so we stood. 
Overall, the experience was okay. Drinks were okay. Price was high. Also... the bathroom was terrible. That disappoints me, common cleanliness people!
I wasn't too impressed by this new space. Some friends and I went to check it out after seeing some cool-looking instagrams here by bloggers. As a native NYer, I'm always into some spots that fit NY standards, and this is the first looking rooftop that reminds me of something that would be in Manhattan. It would probably be more fun when spring/summer for real hit, but they did a good job with keeping the ambience warm and oasis-like. 

However, when we got there, we were immediately asked if we had a reservation. Luckily, the bouncer dude let us up anyway and we were allowed to sit on a comfy couch "for 30 minutes." Apparently you need a $300 minimum for a reservation. I was surprised at how many people already knew about this place, because it got packed within an hour of our arriving. Luckily, the hostess accommodated us and got us a table in the patio portion - super nice - thank you! However, the server was pretty inattentive and the sales tax was a bit much on top of the drinks. 

Definitely on the pricier side for a Philly bar and I asked for an off-menu cocktail that came out just fine, but nothing amazing. They would do better adding some more exciting drinks to the menu. All in all, I would probably give it another shot in the warmer months; maybe they just have a few kinks to work out.
Attico is definitely not worth the hype. I went for the first time earlier this year and was disappointed because they set us up in a corner by the bathroom where we didn't have a view of the city at all, which really defeats the purpose of a rooftop bar. The drinks were good but the food was just okay considering how expensive everything was and they didn't have any vegan options. Our server checked in on us way too much to the point that it was clear that they were trying to rush us through the dinner. Because this was during a stricter time due to COVID-19, I decided to give them another chance now that most restrictions have been lifted. For the second visit, we arrived for our reservation on time but ended up waiting in the downstairs lobby for 30+ mins. We checked in with the hostess a couple of times trying to get an idea of when we will be seated because we had another reservation for later. She was clearly agitated with our questions and kept saying that we could talk to her manager who was upstairs at the bar, which wasn't helpful since she wasn't allowing us up. When we were finally seated, we were in the "greenhouse" room which gives you the feeling of being outside when you're not and again....no views of the city/skyline. Looking at the other seating options, it was probably the best place to be seated because the outside seating was under a tent where you got no light and didn't look that nice (which is odd considering it's now summer and it wasn't raining). The entire allure of attico is the view but it's really a shot in the dark if you will actually get a seat with a view (if there are any). Again, the drinks were good and the food was fine but way too expensive for the quality. The whole vibe was so chaotic and unorganized. There are so many better and cheaper options in the city!
The bouncers (starting with the guy downstairs) are the types of guys that take themselves way too seriously and it's off-putting. 

We had to pay a $10 cover because we went after 10:00. 

The DJ's get 10 stars! The music was fantastic! Not a lot of dancing...more bopping around. 

There's an outdoor section that has a tent with heaters. Then there are sofas and chairs along the side with space in between each section. These areas do not have heaters so if you are sitting here, you need to dress warm! Especially once you have a cold drink in your hand!  I don't know why they don't have one heater near each seating area. I'm assuming they want people to keep it moving versus camping out. 

The view wasn't great from where we were sitting because there's a hug potted plant blocking it and the sofa and chairs are facing inside instead of outside. This drove me nuts the whole time but didn't bother anyone else in our group. The little coffee table was on top of us, too, making it difficult to cross and uncross our legs. 

I was taking pictures of the buildings across the street and security came out to tell me I couldn't take photos because my phone could fall and kill someone below us. I understand this being a policy however I was NOWHERE even close to the edge. Not even slightly. So it annoyed my husband that he was making it a thing. It didn't make sense. People are obviously going to want to take pictures. If you aren't near the ledge it shouldn't matter. Weird. 

The bartenders were overwhelmed and it took a while to get a drink. The first bartender said they had no flavored vodkas and sent my husband back to me with a drink/liquor menu. There were three flavored vodkas on the menu. Oooook. I got a cucumber vodka and water which was delicious but was $14. Seems a little outrageous for a vodka and water. The first bartender made a better drink than the second bartender. 

It was pretty crowded but not overly packed. We did not have any food. The bathrooms only have a Dyson hand dryer...no paper towels. That drives me nuts. So gross. 

I read about how great the ambiance and decor are but it was hard to tell in the dark. There's a lot of wasted space due to tables being roped off for table service and people not being interested in table service. It's really not that exclusive. You're just sitting in an area right next to where everyone else is only you're behind a rope...and in some cases, on top of the bathroom and the DJ's. 

Did I mention how fabulous the DJ's were?!?! I didn't want to leave because of the music!
I had a bad experience this time around, the restaurant is just good for the view, I've been there twice for brunch and both times they were out of items on the menu which was very annoying since the menu is mediocre. We went back for the Oysters but they were revolting, how do you mess up Oysters? I had to return the French Toast because it was overly soggy and unpalatable. Anyways the service is not bad but not great either. Please be aware that they have implemented a new rule that prevents you from splitting your payment/bill, so if you're going with a party they will only accept one card for payment which I personally finds ridiculous for the fact that some people wants to pay their own bill and it may not be convenient for one person to put the entire charge on their card. So for example, if four people are dining and the bill is $300 that has to go on one persons card. Don't bother asking for a manager because she's absolutely no help am not exactly sure why this rule has to be so fully enforced with no form of accommodation or flexibility owing to the fact that it's not reiterated upon arrival or any time while dining. It would be a great idea to let patrons know this since they're so strict about it.
It appears only 20-year olds are visible to the wait staff here.

My friend and I sat down between two groups of people on the banquet seating, and twice the server helping the young women next to us walked by and did not say a word. The best part is he made eye contact, and each time when we were about to ask for a menu, he looked away. Plenty of other staff walked by (or around - they seemed frazzled and it was only a Saturday afternoon), and no one seemed to see us either.

I read some other reviews and it seems like the bad service might be a general theme. We left after 10 minutes, and I will not be returning.
I came here with friends and we ordered espresso martinis. The bartender said he could make them. Once we drank them they tasted watered down. We saw him use a premade mix. Later when we saw another waiter use an actual espresso machine we asked and were told that they use cold brew that "sits for a few days" to make the martinis. A waste of money and a pointless drink.
If you're coming here in the evening be sure to come before 10 so you can avoid the cover! 

We came here for a casual night out and this is the perfect place for that. It's pretty small so it gets packed fast. There was a pretty good DJ playing but basically no one was dancing. It really is just kind of a stop by, enjoy a cocktail and the view kind of place. 

Speaking of cocktails, our bartender Sam was amazing! She asked us a couple of questions about what we liked and then made us some custom drinks. They did not disappoint! 

Unfortunately the bathrooms here was a mess and they really should be sending in someone more frequently to check in and clean up. 

I definitely want to come back here and check this place out during the day. We didn't order any food either so this is really just a review of the vibes and experience here
Pretty great rooftop bar that I'm honestly surprised I didn't know about!  Recently, some coworkers and I have been trying a few bars around the city for happy hours, and usually it seems like bars with Attico's type of vibe think that they can charge a fat stack for "atmosphere" smh.  And while, of course, this bar does have some drinks that cost a decent amount, since it's such a nice rooftop bar, they still have pretty nice happy hour deals!  My group got some of the appetizers as well, and we were really happy with them, especially the fries.  And the cocktail that the bartender recommended was out of this world (I forgot what it's called, but I'll upload the photo later).

And then, on top of that, the service was really great!  Our bartender, Gabby, was super nice and really, really helpful (especially since she said she was a new hire).  And our food came out really quickly and was still fresh and filling.  Would recommend
I really wanted to love it here. The space is beautiful and the atmosphere is lovely. However, the service is absolutely terrible, comparable to a roadside diner. The server didn't introduce himself, talk about the menu or ask if we had any questions. He just walked up and asked, "you ready to order?". Then it took 30 minutes for him to bring waters for the table and he had us pass plates and silverware around like we were at a mediocre chain restaurant. 

The food is unremarkable and the portions are very small for the price and level of service. It takes 30 minutes to get a glass of wine even when the bar is less than half full.
I took my daughter there after her college graduation. It was very disappointing. We were seated in a back area with fake foliage and depressing views. Food was subpar and dessert smaller than a pudding cup. Very disappointing! They need to do better.
We went here for brunch and had a really excellent time. Gorgeous views, excellent service, great food. Couple things to note: 

The names of dishes made the menu seem fairly standard: French toast, crab melt, chicken and waffles, etc. However, the actual execution of the dishes used distinctive ingredients and has nice variations. In other words, the menu comes off as "normal" but in execution was pretty inventive.

Given the location I expected inflated prices (which is reasonable, considering the location). The prices were not. In other words, the (excellent) food and drinks were quite reasonably priced all things considered.

Bonus points for requiring proof of vaccination and for the generous spacing between guests.
Let's talk about pretentious managers and temper tantrums.... Tonight we had a reservations at Attico and due to a delay in our dinner reservations. I called prior to and spoke with a gentleman "Tim." After explaining to him our situation, I was informed we could still come. Now considering we were delayed a bit more than a "half an hour" I decided to still go and see. We arrived at 9:20 and after the young lady at the front instructed us that she "would see", we were met with the manager of all managers. His attitude was ignorant and he even threatened to call security because I asked a question. Now this review is not because of the reservation but the attitude we received. Unfortunately, a manager should not conduct him/herself in such a distasteful manner. As a former patron of this establishment, I will be calling to speak a more adequate leader to explain this policy of disrespecting patrons when you are "getting your asses kicked." 

Times are rough for everyone but not treating people right is unacceptable! It's time for "service" to be at the center of customer service, especially in the City of Brotherly Love and Sisterly Affection. Attico, please do better and focus on fair treatment not frustration.
It looks beautiful but you're required to buy food with a drink and their lunch menu is incredibly limited. It's unfortunate. There also isn't really a view and all the plants are fake.
I loved it here! Great outdoor dining spot. The views and aesthetic are unbeatable. Must have a reservation (obviously, given the current climate). Honestly the vibes are unbeatable. 

Service was lovely. Servers were attentive, following COVID CDC guidelines. Masks, socially distant, etc. 

I also was surprised at how yummy the food was and how delicious the cocktails were. Usually you can't get trendy AND delicious, but this spot is one in a few. 

Definitely recommend, definitely will be back. 

Heads up - on the pricier side, but worth it IMHO.
Loved this rooftop spot to kick off the Labor Day weekend! Joined a couple of friends here for HH to say farewell to the official summer season. For those who feel like being adventurous, during the HH menu they have the option for the bartender to make a cocktail for $7. Whatever they served on Friday with rum and hibiscus flavor hit the spot, with each of us ordering multiple rounds before we knew it. Other options include a couple choice for either wines or beer.   Nice seating options with comfortable sofas and chairs, and multiple bars for service. Food wise I would recommend both the cheese plate for $10 or the homemade chips.
Loved this rooftop spot!  They have a wonderful happy hour with drink and food specials.  Nice seating options with comfortable sofas and chairs. Friendly service and delicious drinks and food.

We had the bartenders special which was a cucumber daiquiri for $7.  Well made and plenty strong. Our table had several of the dishes from the happy hour menu and enjoyed them all. The burger, cheese plate, and dan dan noodles were all great.
Great rooftop with amazing drinks!! I loved attico for making their espresso martinis with rum instead of vodka! I can't drink vodka so this was very refreshing to find. 

Would love to come back!!!
This place is the most pretentious place I've ever been. Drinks are obnoxiously expensive. Cover $10. Security will yell at you for everything...2 long islands and cranberry pineapple vodka was $47
Booked brunch reservations for 6 (4 adults and 2 kids), when we got to there, were told that we cannot be inside because the 2 kids didn't get vaccinated and refused to seat us.  After explaining both kids are under 3 and cannot get vaccine by CDC, they still refused to let us in.
The ambience and overall vibe of this place was super cute. Definitely an instagrammable moment. We came for drinks after lunch and I ordered the strawberry lychee fizz. It was tasty but I didn't taste much lychee. Overall a cute place to hang out and I appreciated that they asked for vaccination cards at the front.
The food was good but the service was very slow. We had a two hour reservation, and needed the whole two hours due to delays. They took 30 mins to drop off drinks and forgot to put our desert in. We didn't ask for the waitress to remove anything from the check, but was surprised they didn't. They admitted they forgot the items, and it wasn't busy.
Hear me out, I got something to say... The vibe of this place alone is enough to bring me back. Spent the weekend in Philly and was looking for a place to go after watching an early movie but before going to dinner. This place was exactly what I was looking for! If you are a rooftop person this is a place to add to your list. It was very cold outside but there is a covered section that allows you to enjoy the outside at a comfortable temperature. Also, they do have seating inside as well and from some seats you can still see outside.

Regarding food and drinks I would tend to stay towards the drink side of the menu rather than the food side. We ordered the cheese platter and pretzels. I was not in love with either. The pretzel bites were underwhelming and the cheese platter had components such as the cracker selection that were competing against the cheese. The table next to use ordered fries and those looked and smelled amazing! I personally enjoyed the drinks more. I had a Tennessee Mule, oddly enough it was not in a coper mug and I couldn't tell if it was ginger beer or seltzer but it was still enjoyable. I transitioned to a drink called the easy rider that had blanco tequilla, yerba mate, citrus and dolin rouge and after two of those I was in my happy place.

Side note - They have a nice picture wall so be prepared to take pictures!
DO NOT BE FOOLED!!! This place has not been opened since June 2018. Don't waste your time trying to come here. As of July 29th 2018, we tried to go to Attico only to be laughed at by the front desk saying he's had to break the news to multiple people that it doesn't exist. I have no idea why they still advertise online. It's false advertising
Have you ever been somewhere and everything about the people and the place were nothing short of AMAZING? Attico is definitely that place!

Bottom Line Up Front: GO HERE!

Talia - The best!
Lawrence - Bartending genius!

Prior to COVID, I found this place online through pictures and I couldn't wait for spring so I could go... I literally waited until the last minute to get here (Oct) lol. 
When COVID first began they asked for donations and $20 got you a free drink once they opened. So I made sure to screenshot my voucher for a free drink. 

When making the mandatory reservations whether online or via the website, you have to use a credit card. I recommend using the website because the restaurant is often loud and giving them all the info of the phone becomes a process. 

Upon arrival, we were greeted downstairs by a friendly hostess who called upstairs to confirm our reservation prior to allowing us onto the elevator. Once we arrived upstairs, we were greeted by a secondary hostess who quickly showed us to our table. 

Our waitress was Talia, she was young but very friendly and extremely attentive and professional. We really enjoyed her, the customer service she provided was excellent and her knowledge of the menu items was helpful. 

Because it was our first time here, we wanted to literally try EVERYTHING off of the menu, glad we did, EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING!
The Kale Caesar Salad - wonderful combination 
Crab Melt - one of the best things I've ever eaten 
Attico Burger - the shallot jam and Caesar aioli - LOVELY
Ciao Bella - had it 2x
Goddess of the Sea - great

Because I'm a tequila drinker and most of the menu lacked tequila, I asked Talia to have the bartender make me "something w/ tequila that's not sugary sweet". She comes back with this beautiful layered drink that wasn't too sweet with the right amount of tequila. It was sooooo good, people (to include the manager) stopped by my table to ask the name of my drink, so KUDOS TO LAWRENCE THE BARTENDER!!!

The staff were very friendly, even if they weren't your server, they'd stop and ask if you're ok or just simply smile. The manager was walking around and was very attentive to every single table, I literally saw him stop and greet each table (in my view range) in my section and he was met with positive feedback and smiling guests. 

The view is beautiful, I will admit that I thought the flowers were going to be real but they still arranged very nicely. There was a tent that kinda blocked the view but was needed due to the chillier weather.
I visited the rooftop bar during happy hour and it was very nice. I am not sure why every table lounge area had "reserved" signs but we didn't inquire, we just went outside and sat in the swinging chairs. The place was about 75% empty when we arrived but about 75% crowded when we left an hour later. The happy hour bar drink special for $7 was a watermelon margarita on the rocks. It was tart yet sweet and I could taste the tequila which is a rarity in a happy hour bar special at most places. I would order it again. The bourbon on the rocks came with one big cube which the bar tender went in the back room to get. I feel like the employees could have been "oh whatever" but they were really very friendly and welcoming. I understand that this place get ridiculously crowded at night as it should. It is a great bar in the downtown Philly area especially with their great rooftop views of the city. 
The area  outside is covered because it is Philly and it rains and gets cold. The heaters were well placed and not in the way. The cushions were dry eventhough it had rained earlier in the day. That was a plus for sitting outside.
Inside, the people at the bar were all ages. Some looked like they were having an after work meeting and some looked like they were getting to know a new person from online. It is definitely a safe place as you must "check in"  with a picture ID to be granted access to the elevator. Security was definitely present and professional. 
I very much recommend a visit here to have a picture perfect time on the rooftop and enjoy some food and drinks!
Patron beware! I was there with a group of friends, the server asked for my card and kept it the entire night.  The next day, I log onto my bank account and find that I had multiple purchases made with that card.  The service was sub-par.  I only recommend going here with cash only, unless you want to pay for her luxuries.
Fun place to visit! You can see part of the city from the rooftop. Cocktails were good. Seating areas were spread out throughout the bar. I highly recommend it!
This place was the perfect morning brunch spot. I got the eggs benedict and an aperol spritz and both were lovely. The covid outdoor seating situation was one of the best i've seen so far and still a very cute ~aesthetic spot. Will be returning(:
Parking is pretty tough in the area - there is some street parking available and nearby garages/lots, but most of them are expensive. The rooftop is located in the Cambria building, and the atmosphere is very nice and aesthetic. Their outdoor area has space heaters for cold weather. While I liked the environment, the food was very mediocre. I ordered the Eggs Benedict, and the sauce was very similar to mayonnaise instead of hollandaise. Might come back here for the environment or to try dinner, but brunch was just OK.
If it weren't for the fantastic views, the place would be a 3 star. But being that it is a rooftop bar and the view is spectacular, we are sitting at a 4 star. The drinks were good, but not great. And the food was adequate, but nothing to really write home about. The oysters were actually pretty great, but everything else felt safe and lackluster. The drinks were average as well, but this is still a great place to meet friends or someone you are trying to impress because of the great service and atmosphere. Make sure you make reservations otherwise it'll be pretty difficult getting seated.
Meh... not the greatest. Getting up to the rooftop took forever because the elevator was slow and there was no one at the reception (...I thought this was a hotel?). Getting back down was even worse because the fire alarm had gone off earlier, which disabled the elevators. So we had to walk down 15 flights of stairs to leave.

The service was super slow. They gave us 1.5 hours to dine, which was strange given how long it took for them to bring us our main meal. The drinks were really good and decently strong. It would have been nice to have access to water, though, given that the waitress didn't bother refilling our water glasses.

The food was ok. I got the calamari stuffed with sausages. My friends got the sea bass which looked good, but is definitely something you would want to order a side to go with.

Overall, the restaurant just felt overpriced and like it was trying too hard. The ambience wasn't quite right so it just felt annoying having to shout to be heard. The view is ok but because it's in the middle of the city, you just have a view of other buildings. Would only go back for the drinks.
This is what one would expect from a rooftop bar in midtown Manhattan: great views, good looking bar tenders, lots of 30 something young professionals drinking $19 drinks like they're the free mimosas which come with Sunday brunch. It's quite pretentious and Philly has needed a place like this for a while. View isn't as amazing as other rooftops I've been to but the vibe is. The crowd is lovely & you truly feel like you are in midtown as soon as you step foot upstairs. Make sure you are dressed to empress though- they don't let just anyone in.
Had made a reservation for my family to visit Philadelphia and received a call the day before my reservation that they are a 21+ bar only due to Covid Restrictions? Not sure how that works but disappointed
The staff here is insanely rude. It seems they are trying too hard, and attempting to give off a trendy and exclusive NYC rooftop bar vibe. How about treating your paying customers with respect? The drinks are over priced, the view is mediocre and the waiters are insufferable. Won't be back.
After looking at reviews, I was nervous about going to Attico. A friend & I went for drinks at about 9:00 on a Thursday. We were seated right away, and not at the bar, but in the fun swinging basket seats! The service was slightly slow, but our specific server was very friendly! We enjoyed two cocktails with vodka, hibiscus, and cucumber. Very refreshing and appealing to the eye! Though timing is probably key here, we had a great experience! I'd go back!
A little hidden gem/Floral oasis that serves overpriced but awesome mojitos. They have a weekend happy hour which is awesome and they have a dj that spins the tunes while you overindulge in alcohol and yummy food with your besties. My top two dishes that I tried here was their Brussel Sprouts (LIKE OMG sooo good) and Sikil Pak. Party in my mouth. Check this place out on a Sunday - great vibes!
Went here for drinks with a friend in the first week of March. We ordered happy hour drinks and sat in beautiful couches on the indoor rooftop. The place wasn't too packed and we were able to hold a good conversation. The decor was thoughtful and curated to a specific taste. The room felt both warm and open. Our waiter was attentive but went away for 10-15 minutes at a time (not sure if they had him working in another spot or behind the bar maybe?) but since we were only there for happy hour drinks, we didn't mind being left on our own. It's a great place to bring a small group, as the couch areas could accommodate 4-5 people. The bathrooms were very clean as well. Our drink was a special on the happy hour menu and was absolutely delicious, a very sweet berry drink with a vodka base. Can't wait until quarantine is over and we can head back here!!
Cool ambience, up- beat music. Get there a little before your reservation because elevators going up will take a while.
one star is for the lovely location and one if for the appetizer i got tasting pretty good. 

upon being seated, i ordered a vegan appetizer but i let my server know i had a dairy allergy. i then inquired if the gnocchi had dairy if i were to ask for the cheese removed- he said i could eat that. a few moments later when we attempted to put our order in, the server told me the gnocchi indeed had butter, and i could not in fact order it with my allergy . aside from the appetizer i had already ordered and a vegetable side we also ordered, there was nothing else on the menu i could order without dairy (no sandwiches or burgers on the dinner menu). i asked if i could order the vegan polenta side and add steak to it, was told i was not allowed to do that, per the chef. when i asked to speak to a manager, she also told me the chef refused (without even asking him). my server had communicated to her that im vegan- which tells me there was confusion about my food allergy that wasn't clarified with me. the manager seemed to be taking my disappointment personally; as i asked more questions about what else i could eat (nothing), she became more and more clearly annoyed. she eventually went to the kitchen to confirm that the chef refused. it is really disappointing to see that their establishment caters to people with dietary restrictions- but only at the surface level. no one seemed willing to help me, the manager was irritated with my questions and disappointment, and i felt more like a burden than a guest. i would've been willing to pay an up charge on my plate,  but we wound up leaving without dinner instead. 

also, they don't do split checks or allow you to apply one more credit card to your check.
My husband and I invited friends here for drinks to celebrate our Anniversary. We encountered the worst bartenders ever!! So rude, disgustingly, horribly rude! "Don't order this drink again" seriously it's a Washington Apple! Our friends ordered Patron Margaritas she was pissed when he asked for the lime. She threw it in his drink. 
Never again will I come back!!
