One door closes and another door opens. 

We were in Mayfair to check out the Italian food at Emma's Cafe on Frankford Avenue, but when we learned it was booked up on Saturday night we decided to roll with it and pop in to the Aja Asian Fusion Restaurant right next door. The mental gear shift wasn't that difficult. 

It had a big dining room and we were led to a booth against the wall in the middle of the room. It looked to be clean in the dim semi romantic light and our server was pleasantly efficient. Their menu made it clear that Aja was primarily a Chinese house with a cross section of sushi related dishes and a very few Thai choices, like pad thai and two curry options. My concern that it was more confusion than fusion was born out when we ordered the shrimp pad thai (only form it came in) and teriyaki salmon bento box with shumai and California rolls, with choice of miso soup or salad with ginger dressing. 

The noodles were far too sweet and bereft of peanuts to have ever been touched by Thai hands, although there was alot of it on the plate. The grilled salmon was a very small steak, but had the right taste and texture. The miso was fine, but the shumai seemed a frozen, cheaply produced variety and the Cali roll was just okay, tasting mostly of avocado and seaweed. From what we saw at the sushi bar they didn't move enough fish to keep it all daily fresh. There was an awful lot being stored in plastic wrap. 

Unless you're satisfied with generic sushi rolls that can mask the flavor/freshness of the fish, Aja Asian Fusion is better wokking up Chinese dishes for you. Leave the Japanese and Thai cuisine for more talented kitchens. 

Once was enough. 

Will make reservations for Emma's next time.
I hope this place closes down.  Their lack of respect for their customers is revolting. 

This afternoon, at 3pm, my wife called and asked if they could make the basil chicken dish with tofu (instead of chicken) and if she could pay to have green beans added to it.  She selected to have $3 worth of green beans added.  The meal totaled almost $14.  

When I got home from work, I opened the container and it was SWIMMING in oil.  The oil was leaking over the sides of the container.  Under the inch oil was several large chunks of tofu.  There was approximately 10 green beans throughout the dish and each and every one of them were so overcooked that they had turned brown.  The peppers were complete mush.  No part of the meal was edible.  
I figured a small business in the neighborhood would correct their mistake.  I drove up there, approached the man at the register, and started to explain that the meal was super oily and very overcooked.  He immediately began saying "no change, no change". I attempted to show him how oily it was.  It continued to say "no change, no change, I do nothing".  He then went on to COMPLAIN about how my wife changed the chicken to tofu and how it was too long since she picked it up (and lied about what time she had gotten it).  I had eaten NOTHING out of the container.  I did not even expect my money back.  I was hoping that a responsible owner would have offered to make it again.  But, he spent the entirety of our interaction saying "no change, no change, I do nothing".  I left the food on his counter and walked out.  

He is a horrible business man.  He treated me awfully from the moment I stepped in the door with the bag in my hand.  We will never go back again and I encourage you not to as well.
Sweet mother of God the sushi here SUCKS.  It was not fresh, the tuna was gray/pink, and rolls were falling apart and sucked.  Best sushi in Northeast?  No friggin way.  To Kai and Wasabi and Makiman all hands down kick this places ass.  Shit, the sushi at the supermarket is better...

Basil chicken was lacking in spice.  Ginger chicken with string beans was lacking flavor.  Ginger?  No way.  Where?  Wasnt in my dish.

Give it two stars because it was CHEAP and fast.   But so are lots of other places that are actually GOOD, so yeah, I won't visit this place again.
new update: Decided to try these guys AGAIN. And our office was giving them a ton of business. When they messed up  my order i called and asked for the roll i wanted, spicy salmon because they gave me spicy tuna accidentally. They tried to argue with me that it was spicy salmon but i know the difference considering thats what I ordered yesterday. This place is STILL cheep as hell with shitty service. 



WARNING! This place is a rip off!!!!! 
first off I wish I could give this place ZERO stars. The delivery guy dropped off my food (a roll and sea weed salad) 
He didn't give me a chance to breath while I was busy at my office before rudely asking where his tip was in front of all of my co workers. Than I open my food and there was HAIR in my ginger! Not to mention the rolls were tiny and the fish was NOT FRESH! 
I will NEVER order there again. This place needs to learn customer service. Funny thing is that if the delivery guy ( who is also the manager apparently) didn't humiliate me for his tip would have received 5$ that would have been deserved. This place needs to learn what good customer service is. 

UPDATE: 
The manager proceeded to call and harass me after I left the bad review. Super turn off. NEVER AGAIN.
I honestly don't know why people rave about this place. Although the prices are cheap you definitely get what you pay for. The sushi tastes stale, like its been made a week ago. I'd rather spend more money for quality food.
Mayfair is not known for great sushi.  Until now!  Tony (owner and Chef) had a great run at another somewhat-local japanese place, and his move to open his own place in Mayfair makes me happy as an Oyster (Kumomoto please).

His fish is always super-fresh and delicious.  I tend to favor sushi and sashimi over Maki, but all the rolls I've had have been great.  He even brought one of my favorite rolls over from his last gig, the Crispy Salmon roll...Do NOT miss this gem!

The oysters are always fresh and big, another favorite of mine.

My son is thankful they have chinese dishes( he loves a lo mein noodle), and my wife favors thai, so it's one place we are all happy to visit.

Now all Mayfair needs is a solid Dim-Sum house...anyone?
WARNING! This place is a rip off!!!!! 
first off I wish I could give this place ZERO stars. The delivery guy dropped off my food (a roll and sea weed salad) 
He didn't give me a chance to breath while I was busy at my office before rudely asking where his tip was in front of all of my co workers. Than I open my food and there was HAIR in my ginger! Not to mention the rolls were tiny and the fish was NOT FRESH! 
I will NEVER order there again. This place needs to learn customer service. Funny thing is that if the delivery guy ( who is also the manager apparently) didn't humiliate me for his tip would have received 5$ that would have been deserved. This place needs to learn what good customer service is.
The sushi in this place was sub-par at best. It didn't taste fresh, and it wasn't seasoned at all. I ate one piece and couldn't eat any further.

however the general tsos chicken I ate was good.

But then the chicken satay was cooked to death and to dry I couldn't eat that either.

so 1 item out of 3 was good, that's not very good. I would not order from here again.
First id like to say 
I do enjoy the food here 
But the staff is another story 
Whom ever takes the orders over the phone really hates being there 
Anyhow 
The other day 
I ordered food and was quoted 45 mins 
So to my surprise they were here in 15
-that's great 
But again it wasn't expected 
I told the guy 
Just one minute 
Within 2 seconds he bangs 
And I mean bangs on my door 
He said to me lets go gotta go 
I said sir I'm getting the money you guys said 45 mins sorry 
And his response was 
Well What you want, me come back, I come back in 40 then 
So he got no tip
I have ordered out from this restaurant many, many times and the food was pretty decent. I ran into the general tsos being a little over cooked a few times and my husband said the sushi was going down hill,  never complained. I had an issue recently where the noodles honestly tasted like they boiled it in dirty dish water. When I called to state this I was literally yelled at by who I am assuming is the owner and told to never order or come there ever again. I was no where near mean or anything on the phone and I stated I would like either a refund or something else they refused to give me a refund and said I had to come back there to get something else. Well, I did come back only to have the owner/cook/whatever come out sniff it, state it was fine then also state he may have used dirty water. Yes, he said that after saying the food was fine. It was just a horrible experience and I will NEVER order from there. I suggest you don't either. That is no way to treat customers.
Fresh food, super clean atmosphere, relaxing vibe and great service.  I was very impressed with the variety off food and how great it was.  This place should make Makiman sweat.  BYOB paradise.
I had sushi (california roll,Philadelphia roll and shrimp tempora roll) delivered, the people were very nice over the phone.The food was delicious and came promptly.What more could u ask for!!!
By far the WORST pineapple fried rice I've ever had. It was so bland I had to use two soy sauce packets just to get it down and the rice wasn't completely fried. Also, the pineapples chunks in the dish tasted awful, like they were old and were soaked in alcohol. I LOVE Thai food, but this was just bad.
Horrible service! They totally missed a portion of my order hung up on me when I called back and now my lunch is ruined! I would never order from this place. So disappointed.
FInally a place where I can get good sushi. This place is very quiet and the waitresses are super friendly. What I found to be the sweetest thing that I have never been able to say about other eateries is that they notice when your drink is half empty and they will automatically come and refill it.

There food is excellent. However, being a Asian fusion restaurant, they should have more options from different Asian cusines.
Best sushi place in the northeast! I've been ordering from here for deliveries. So fresh and quick service! Nothing greasy like other Chinese places! They are always on time and food is always delicious! I love it here!
This restaurant has the worst customer service. The receptionist is rude and short. He repeated my order back to me and they still got it wrong. When I called back they would not fix the order and gave me grief for it. Aside from that the food was not fresh. The sushi was not good. The EGG roll had a freezer burn taste. Just poor service and food!
I had called this place 20 minutes before closing and asked if it was okay to place an order. The lady over the phone told me it was fine. I proceed to place my order. 5 minutes later she rudely called me back and told me to hurry and come pick up the food because they were soon closing. I told her I will be there. As I was driving there she called me 3 more times in the matter of 10 minutes. She told me that they were waiting for me to close the store and that I need to hurry up and come get the food. Then she told me someone will be outside the store to give me my food because they didn't want to wait. The lady on the phone was really angry and very rude. I got there 2 minutes after closing....2 minutes. I could understand if she was waiting 15 or 20 minutes. Also I would have been on time if she didn't keep calling. I was using using the navigation on my phone. I have ordered here before and had a bad experience with the service but I wanted to give it another try. I was so angry. I don't understand over the phone I asked her if it was okay to order. I even told her that it was okay if it wasn't because I knew they were closing. Anyways horrible service.
This place is the pits, the customer service stinks they will never get my business and for anybody that does give them there business good luck ! They were horrible !
I finally decided that no matter how much I'm craving sushi I will not spend another dime in that place. I called about the dinner bento box coming with shumai and asked could I substitute it for something like more California roll. The man told me if I want more Cali roll I will be charged full price for another roll. I asked could I substitute the shumai for anything and instead of saying no he continuously told me it's more money. I kept asking so there's no substitution and he finally said no. I hung up the phone .
Ordered from here for the second day in a row. The food came incorrect. Rather than send my correct order the gentleman who answered told me to keep my order because they were having a busy day. I told him that I'm couldn't keep it because the order that was sent contained crab meat, which I am allergic to. He then asked what did I expect him to do. He argued that the order was more expensive.. ($1.50 more). He refused to fix the issue. I threw my food in the trash and chalked it up as a loss. By the way, I live 1 block away from their restaurant.
Never Again...

Today I ordered Pad Thai and a sushi roll for delivery. When the food came I paid the driver. I got the sushi and instead of Pad Thai there was some chicken on a stick. 
I called them to let them know I didn't get my correct order and asked for Pad Thai. She said she'll send it over and charged me again. I cancelled the order and said no thanks.  She called me back and got rude and crazy.  

Never ordering again, plenty of better options around.
The food is always amazing!!! The owner and his wife are very warm and welcoming, they always remember our favorites. In my opinion one of the best sushi restaurants in Philly.
I will never order from here again. The staff was rude! Never received my order but they kept saying it was delivered to someone. Poor customer service! She said call Grubhub and hung up....
I would give Aya 5 stars but they give me green peppers instead of jalapeno on the appetizer Yellowtail Jalapeno. I would understand if they sold out of jalapeno but at least call and notify the customer to see if she/he will still wants it. Other than that mistake, everything else is AWESOME. We got the sushi deluxe, 3 rolls special, and terriyaki shrimp. The sushi deluxe and the 3 sushi rolls are so delicious and fresh. And the terriyaki shrimp tastes so good with chicken. The only con about that is in order to have chicken in that dish, you can't add any amount you will like, you have to pay $5 additinal for the chicken. Other restaurant, you can tell them to add $1, $2, etc for extra chicken.
It was ok. They messed up my order and the delivery guy had an attitude both times he delivered my food.. The best part of my food was my soup.. Wish the sushi could have been better
Aya is a good place in Mayfair to go when you are craving sushi. It is inexpensive and will meet your needs. The service is friendly enough (except when you attempt to substitute). 

Some of my favorite rolls are the dynamite roll and AAC roll. I would always recommend going in and sitting down, the sushi is always much better when dinning in than delivery.
I work in Mayfair and I generally try to bring my lunch because everything around me, at Cottman and Frankford, is pizza and strombolis and sure to make me feel terrible after eating. I discovered Aya and love it! They have great lunch specials.. I always get 2 hand rolls with a soup or salad for $7.95, which I think is a fair enough deal. The staff is always super friendly and make me feel like they appreciate me as a customer.
So I'm the former employee at this place. The owner is a totally cheater who only knows how to pick up girls at work. He's acting so nice to the customers but yelling and cursing to his employees in the back all the time. Sushi rice were being reused over and over  even though this is under violation. Those used napkins from the tables were reused to cover the sashimi for freshness gosh!
This place is shit, Deadass. Food isn't fresh, Rolls are tiny, Management is a total dick. Not to mention oil on top of oil. If I could I'd give this place ZERO STARS!
I'm very pleased with my purchase. A day of shopping, I didn't want to come home and cook. I saw in the Northeast Times in their advert that they had 50% off sushi. That got my attention. I called to place the order but was told there was a special menu, so okay, I stopped in and was overwhelmed by the choices. I knew I was looking for a spicy tuna roll, so the first thing I look for with something that included spicy tuna or spicy salmon. There was something that jumped out at me called a double salmon so I got that and I also got a roll with salmon and asparagus in it.  Both were topped with salmon so I was in omega-3 heaven. Before I could finish my check in on Yelp, my 2 rolls were ready. They were ready so fast, that I was afraid to open up the bag and see what I got when I got home. Suffice it to say, I was extremely pleased. Had I not already passed Krewstown road, for the same amount I could have gotten a Maki combination at taste queen (3 rolls, plus soup or salad). But I was already in the neighborhood, so why not try something new?  I would go in there again and dine in, instead of doing take out. The fish was extremely fresh and the rice, to me, seemed right on. I am sure there are inconsistencies with their rolls, but I had no problems whatsoever with the rice or fish. Good job!
Aya is fairly new and I think I have been here at least 5 times since it has opened. I live close and was so excited to try it since the variety of food in my neighborhood is limiting. If you are looking for pizza, wings, or steaks there is no shortage, but when it comes to food from other cultures there is not much to choose from. Aya is clean, has an attentive and friendly waitstaff, delicious food, and relaxing atmosphere. I have not been disappointed yet. I love everything I try. To start I recommend their avocado salad with a yummy wasabi vinaigrette. The dinner bento box is a great value for the price. I would also try the pineapple chicken fried rice.
Thank God finally a local, reasonably priced sushi restaurant!! They do have other eats but great stop for sushi. Definitely give the "yummy yummy roll" a try. You'll be glad you did!
Back down a star. I ordered like 5 days ago. I called to place a pick up. The guy puts me on hold and puts the phone down, 10 min later I hear the other phone ring and he picks up and takes there order. He forgot about me. I hang up and call back, the guy tried to put me on hold again and when I told him what just happened he was short with me and said "what do you want then" I placed my order. Picked it up and was not honored the free roll over $30. When I arrived home I was not given wasabi and very little ginger for my order. The rolls we're falling apart. When I walked in they had 3 booths filled, which is more then I can say I've seen it filled before. So maybe they were busy, but it's not good customer service and I will be looking for another place yet again. Highly, highly disappointed which this experience.
Me and my Coworkers order from this place a couple times a week for lunch at work. The last couple times we have ordered there is always a problem. First time was a problem with money, we got delivery and told the person taking the order to have the driver bring change. When the driver got here he did not have change for a $20 so i could not give him a tip, he became irate and told me to just give him the $20.

Today we placed an order again ordering 2 orders of salmon teriyaki 1 order of shrimp teriyaki add chicken with no rice and extra broccoli. Delivery took over an hour, when it got here the bag was leaking. When we opened the bag we saw the soup container had busted and there was not more soup in the container. The salmon teriyaki was miserable. There was about an ounce of salmon and 3 pieces of broccoli. I called the restaurant and let the lady know only top be yelled at and told that last time they gave us $3 of broccoli and today they only gave $1 of broccoli and that i should have requested how many dollars worth of broccoli i wanted lol.  She then went back and talked to the chef and came back with you can bring it back here and ill give you money for it. I told her as a paying customer they should deliver a new order. She hung up on me only to call back and tell me they will not deliver to us anymore. She called back again and goes well i can refund you $3 because the driver came and said that when he made the delivery the bag was leaking. 

The food was horrible today, the shrimp looked and smelled rotten and had a brown color to it.  There are much better places around for far less $62 for 2 oz of salmon 4 pieces of broccoli and brown and old shrimp.... ill pass.
So far, I've ordered delivery from this place and mainly got the $9.99 bowl in which you choose two proteins and etc. The food came quickly and was nicely prepared in a clear bowl container. It honestly didn't look like much as I thought but after going halfway through the bowl, I was full. The greatest part is that you can put in all the add-ins and toppings if you want to. The seafood yaki udon was probably the most blandest and unappetizing dish I've gotten. It comes with imitation crab, overcooked scallop and tiny shrimps. The miso soup is a good addition to have with this bowl since it softens the saltiness and tastes great in general. The mushroom soup is generally a container filled with a light broth and a bunch of sliced mushrooms. 

Overall, food is great for its price range, delivery service was quick and the driver was one of the few drivers who actually smiled to give me food.
At first it was the best but going a lot more it's starting to get meh they change the staff way to much the first staff that were there were super nice and friendly now the guys staff they're a lil rude and another thing they are way to pricey, and eating out is not the same as eating in eating in is way better the food is more fresher then eating out it taste more like left over food, this restaurant is a love it and hate it thing someday's its amazing and someday's its not so amazing but if you want that taste of Chinese's food this is the place to go.
Great Kani salad and appetizers! Our go to for GOOD sushi, maki rolls soup and bento box's. And for the price is great. No parking sucks. 
Service is fast!! 
Food is goood!
We've eaten here with our kids twice and have been impressed both times. Beef Satay, Pad Thai, Basil Chicken, Avocado Salad , and Spring Rolls all were delicious. The restaurant owner and his girlfriend are incredibly sweet and the service was excellent. We wish more people knew about this place as the restaurant deserves more business than it gets.Make sure to bring your own beer or wine.
This place has one of the most freshly made sushis around the area for an inexpensive price. They have a good variety of other food choices and appetizers also. Good enough to visit at least once a month when I am craving for sushi. Give it a try when you're around the area.
Best sushi in the Northeast by far! The special rolls are amazing and refreshing compared to other sushi places in the area that like to put avocado in every single roll.  

The tuna tartar is always a must. It comes in a mango sauce that is so good that I often find myself scraping the bottom of container just to enjoy the sweet creamy sauce one last time. 

I always try to get something different every time and I don't remember ever being disappointed. 

I found out about Aya about a year ago and have had it delivered many times and last week, I finally went there for dinner. The restaurant is very pleasing and the staff is nice. Overall, a positive experience.
One of the best sushi bars in the Mayfair area hands down! The first time i came was for lunch with one of my friends, the lunch specials are awsome i got three different rolls, a soup or salad and a drink all for under $10 a person. Service is good and it has a pretty inside interior.
My fav sushi place in the neighborhood. I usually get delivery once a week and it's always fresh and super fast! My son loves their California rolls and they also have some really good Thai food. I recommend their Thai green curry. The dinner bento boxes are also really good value. You get a lot of food in them!
I tried the sushi out here last night because its super close to my house and I'm a sushi fiend! 

I gave it 4 stars for a few reasons. The food itself was ok. Most certainly not the best sushi I have ever had, but for a quick fix? It's worth it. The prices were fair and their delivery was lighting fast!

I would go there again to grab a roll or two!
Ordered delivery from here for the first time.  Holy crap it came fast.  The food was piping hot, and delicious.  I highly recommend it.
I wish I could review the food at this place.  I received two menus on my doorstep, so naturally I thought they would deliver to my neighborhood.  I called today to place an order, and was told that since they could not locate my street in the computer (I spelled it out at least 5 times, it's a simple name), they would not deliver to me.  I told them my exact location and even how to get here, (I'm about 10 minutes from them), and they abruptly told me they couldn't help me and hung up on me.   Needless to say, they will not be getting my business in the future.
I've eaten here several times. It's generally good, but the last few times have been bad. 

A few weeks ago: My wife ordered food to be delivered and gave them her credit card number. The driver showed up and said he forgot the credit card slip for her to sign. I told him not to worry about it because I think I had cash in my wallet. We paid the driver cash but 10 minutes later the sushi place called saying we never signed the credit card slip. When we told them we paid the driver in cash, we could hear the driver in the background saying we never paid him! The driver pocketed the money and lied about it. 

To make things worse, when we opened our order, they gave us the wrong food! 

We gave them a benefit of the doubt that just had a bad delivery person, so I ordered from there two weeks later and picked up the food myself. When I got home and opened it, the sashimi dinner I ordered smelled like rotten fish. I tossed it without eating it and will not order from them again. 

It's a shame because before these incidents, the food was good and the place was within walking distance.
went on a sunday night and were the only ones there. beautiful, elegant interior and pretty plating. not sure about the other reviews because the sushi was FANTASTIC! everything is very reasonably priced as well. I will absolutely be going back, and getting delivery often!
Awesome sushi in the northeast... Yes please get in my belly!!! Had the Godzilla roll.. Really good. If everyone in area that likes sushi doesn't already know it's legit you are on notice. Yum
Sushi is yummy. Delivery is speedy and accurate.
This place has some of the best (inexpensive) Asian (sorry, it's not really region specific) food in Philly. 

I've been here several times in the past few years, and ordered take out several times and have yet to be disappointed. I primarily order the general Tso's chicken and I love it! I'm not a huge fan of sushi and have sampled it but it's not my thing. Everything everyone I've been with has been great (according to them and my tastings of their food.) 

It's been several months since I've visited, I'm just writing this so I don't forget next time I go. So... To be continued! (Sometime soon)
This is an forgotten review so details aren't that fresh but the experience was enough to make me never order from here again let me say that typically the food is good their fried rice is rather tasty( I add onions and egg to mine ). With that being said the problem I had with my order was amount spent versus what I got or better yet what I paid for and didn't receive. Customer service was horrible on both the restaurant and grub hub only offered me $10 coupon and I didn't receive a refund. So it list it's rice as a quart they sent a pint even though I paid extra to add protein for a quart. Small maybe but not when you have to feed 3 adults on a pint of rice when it's listed (or was listed) as quart. The restaurant of course said that's the size they send and made no attempt to rectify the situation. While grub hub made an effort to resolve they failed to accept their responsibility in the matter (wrong size listed on sites menu). I wasn't refunded my money , I received only a ten dollar coupon for a $50 order and I had to reorder from another place. On top of all that my sushi was horrible tasted old and thrown together. 
With that being said out of 4 orders placed in this restaurant this is the only bad review I have.
Just tried to oder genersl tso's chicken with the sauce on the side. First he SAID huh , you want deep fried chicken? I said yup i dont WANT IT TO be soggy and smothered with that sweet sauce. He said idk if the kitchen can do that. WHAT, if you cant communicate with the kitchen about POURING sauce on so called chicken then ill find a place that will. They JUST lost my business,  What happened to SANNIE. PLZ COME BK
Finally, a place to get great Japanese around my house!  This place doesn't look like much from the outside but inside is very nice.  It's very clean and inviting.  So far I've had Philly, Spicy Tuna, and Kani Tempura rolls and Shrimp Teriyaki.  All were excellent!  Rolls were filled with good quality fish and held up well while dipping in soy sauce.  The shrimp teriyaki was hands down the best I've ever had with big, fresh shrimp sprinkled with sesame seeds and a perfectly balanced sauce.  Thank you, Aya, for great food plus great service!  I will be back (again and again)!
Best place in Mayfair to grab sushi . I've never been disappointed. The yummy yummy and Godzilla roll are my favorite, would highly recommend. Even the pan fried wontons and fried rice are delicious. Plus it's BYOB! Their is no need to travel to center city to grab good sushi anymore.
wanted a pokè bowl in the northeast and this place did not disappoint! they give you a lot for your money's worth.
I did a pick up . I found them on Yelp . The place it self was nice and about 6 parties were seated eating . When I got my food it was plated nicely  . The white rice was hard . I have spider rolls general Tso chicken came with California rolls . The spider rolls and California didn't test great at all . The best thing was the Miso Soup and General Tso chicken
Stopped in for dinner. Our first time here. They have a extensive menu that includes all types of rolls,  sushi, Japanese dishes thai dishes and traditional American Chinese dishes .

We started with a dragon roll, very nice presentation and it was excellent. 

Our entrees consisted of massamam with shrimp and  a selection of sushi. 

The vegetables were crisp, the shrimp was good and broth was perfect. Asked for a mild spicy, it had just the correct amount of heat. 

The sushi was very fresh. 

Definitely will be back.
The first time we were here, it was good. Now, after the "chicken" satay was crunchy and my bento box was was 10-"% eaten, I was told, by the "manager" that I ate too much. He was ready to 'kata' me. All we want to do is give business to local merchants but they make it sooo hard to do so. So mr sweatshirt,baseball hat wearing 'manager' I PROMISE WE WILL NOT BE BACK. It's kinda funny, you walk in and there's not a soul in the restaurant, but you're told how great business is cause the 'takeout' is awesome. I will NEVER EVER EVER give money to these people again. Now excuse me but I have to go to the bathroom and vomit up my 'dinner'
I said I would never order from here again but after a few year hiatus I tried again. I ordered through Grubhub so I didn't have to talk to any mean person on the phone. My order was exactly what I ordered. I ordered the 3 roll lunch special and the salmon teriyaki lunch. The salmon was slightly dry but not bad. I think it was shumai it came with- whatever those tiny dumplings were- they were really good. I ordered- spicy shrimp, spicy salmon and shrimp tempura. The spicy salmon wasn't spicy at all but all were good. The California roll that came with the salmon the cucumber slices were large and not much avocado but much better then my last experiences.
Food is always fresh and tastes amazing. Also they deliver quick and a little later than some other restaurants in the area
Food is good  especially the sushi. The customer service is rude and bad. That can be a deal breaker for me.
I ordered lunch to go to take back to work. I added it up before I went and the price was totally different when I arrived. They added the wrong thing onto my order and had to take it off but the price was still wrong. He said I ordered wrong and that why the price came up that that I needed to say sushi roll lunch. Sushi was pretty good but a little small. I was turned off by what happened
Although I'm a bit desperate for sushi out here in the NE, Aya is solid no matter where it is. Their fish is consistently fresh, the rolls are creative, and though some are a bit pricey, they're no worse than an average center city menu price. Their sashimi is tasty, and though the miso soup is enjoyable, I've had better. Stick with the rolls and you can't go wrong.
Aya Asian Fusion is one of the best sushi restaurants in my immediate area. We come here all of the time. The food is Amazing. The dining area is immaculate and the staff is professional and courteous. We first came here for the convenience but keep coming back because of the quality of the food. The prices are pretty reasonable also. There is street parking available. We never have a problem finding parking. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
I like this spot, they have poke bowls and so they have my heart. The sushi is good. The Chinese food, less so. The delivery guy is a gem!!  I order from them either delivery or pickup at least 3x a month.
