A nice place to pickup several types of banh mi sandwiches. I also like the spring rolls and desserts. 
I've always gotten one banh mi and was still hungry. Regretting not getting two. 
, I found out during a recent visit here that eating two was all in my mind!! Although I enjoyed having two types of sandwiches, it was more than I could eat. 
A nice, clean takeout business that makes all of the sandwiches fresh. Plenty of other sides and desserts in a few open cold cases.
After being to Ba Le many more times, I have come to appreciate their banh mi's a lot more. The banh mi's are big, refreshing, and delicious. That one time I ordered a banh mi that had a certain smell must have been an off day, all the banh mi's we've had after that did not have any funky smells. My favorite banh mi is the #2 with the pork belly.

They have recently raised their prices (only by a little) for inflation and while there is no longer a credit card minimum, you have to pay a credit card fee if you do not meet the spending minimum. So just bring cash, unless you're buying 3 or more banh mi's.
My parents are frequent regulars here since they've opened back in '98. With me and my annoying baby brother just tagging along of course. Until this day, two decades later, I still walk into this place, just not holding hands with mama or papa. I've pretty much seen it gone through evolution. 

This is basically an all Vietnamese grab and quick on the go spot. It used to be a Pho joint too, but they're no longer servicing that. Many Banh-Mi's options with different fillings/toppings, drinks, desserts, and platters. Over time, some of the items deteriorate in flavors and quality, especially their cold desserts which I no longer purchase. Banh-Mi's are ok, can't consider them my favorite from here. However, I do like their Banh Tet (rice cake), but overly priced at $16 each. Besides that, their hot foods are decent.

Place can get crazy hecked and you got to go through a battle to get to the register because these customers in here are something else. Prices can be decent, but knowing myself, I always buy more than what I need. Parking is tight, yes even in a plaza depending on the time and day, but you're bound to find an empty spot.
Ordered A vegetarian banh mi through Uber eats.  Came quickly, however halfway through the sandwich I bit down on something hard.  There was a 2" metal screw in my sandwich.  Tried to contact them but their phone number is apparently out of service.

BE VERY CAREFUL ABOUT ORDERING FROM HERE.
Oh man, what can I say about this place?  

Bring your money and your appetite!  My hubby tells me that he wants to eat some Vietnamese desserts and of course, there's some local areas to find his wish list but when we're in the Vietnamese town in Philly, I suggested to stop by here.

Here goes our diet.  We ordered few and variety of banh mi (buy 5 get 1 free), sweet desserts, rice cakes (che), spring rolls (buy 5 get 1 free), vegetarian rice noodle platters.  There's many rice and noodle platters made ready to eat.  They make their own fermented meat (nem) and pork roll (cha lua).  There's a large variety of smoothies and bubble teas here.  Their French baguette is the best I've had in a long while.  Crispy on the outside and not too much dough inside.  It's light and fluffy.

My hubby raided their desserts and I can't really pick out a favorite.  I would suggest trying them all and buying smaller portions.  If you like what you taste, then buy more.

Their spring rolls are delicious and is a hit for us.  We will definitely come back next time we're in town.
No one enjoys a bahn mi with an uninvited strand of hair wrapped inside. Everything that was once good about this place made me slightly skeptical afterwards. 

But hey, everyone deserves second chances, right? 

Pros:
- Cheap! $4.95, compared to other places ranging $6+
- Variety of other fresh Viet food, desserts, and drinks to try. The array of colors and unique ingredients in these food always peak my interest! 

Cons:
- That hair in my bahn mi. Enough said. Hair nets please. 
- Bahn mi is cheap, but not where I would go to for an authentic one. Still rather hit up QT in Chinatown instead. 

Don't forget: $15 min for credit card
While we normally get our banh mi's else where, my husband and I finally decided to try Ba Le Bakery's and see what the big fuss is about. 

I decided to go with the #1 that has everything and my husband went with #2 that had the pork belly. These sandwiches are generously stuffed. With each bite, you get a whole mouthful of meats. Beware of the jalapeños though, these jalapeños are very spicy. A jalapeño slice grazed my lips as I was eating my sandwich, and my lips felt like they were on fire for 5 minutes. 

So I didn't enjoy the banh mi as much as my husband did. It had a certain smell that I was a little put off by. The sandwiches certainly are cheap though. Ba Le also sells many other delicious Vietnamese entrees, snacks, desserts, and drinks. There is a credit card minimum of $15, but there is an ATM on site.
One of the more prominent businesses in the Bella Vista (aka Little Saigon) area of Philly is Ba Le, a haven for all Vietnamese baked goods, especially their banh mi sandwiches. It is one of the only establishments not part of the strip mall along the giant parking lot, a sight that is all too familiar in many Viet concentrated communities across the US.

Ba Le (or "Paris" in Vietnamese) doesn't seem to have any affiliation with the multiple Ba Le chains around the country. Much like how many Chinese restaurants are variably named Golden Dragon or Lotus Flower, the same goes for Vietnamese bakeries like Ba Le. The cultural nuances that revolve around success may be loosely based on the infamous Ba Le sandwich stand in Saigon, which later went on to become a multi-story building (so the story goes).

And there is a lot to appreciate here, as they feature a variety of goods all sealed in plastic and made locally. Vietnamese ham (cha lua), leaf wrapped rice rolls (banh te), summer rolls (banh cuon), Chinese sausage (lap xuong), Viet beef jerky (kho bo), condensed milk (sua da thuong hang), sesame balls (banh cam), rice cake (banh duc), and the list goes on.

What folks tend to come here for, aside from stocking up on Viet goods, banh mi sandwiches. Though they skimp a bit on the pate, I always ask for more whenever I get their special combo (dac biet) and their meat ball (xiu mai) as it makes a world of difference. The most essential component is always the bread, which for Ba Le Philly is a tad dry and lacks the crunch. Their sandwiches are best enjoyed fresh, they're not durable enough to remain tasty after a few hours.

The service isn't the friendliest, but they're usually pretty efficient during the afternoon rush. Price wise, this place is definitely on par with most other bakeries in the area. Ba Le thrives on variety and is worth a look for all Viet loving foodies in Philly.
I'm a banh mi fan, but honestly never paid much attention to the bread.  I guess I'm not really a bread person.  Ba Le Bakery gave me a new perspective, allowing me to see how critical of a role in can play in a sandwich (especially a banh mi).

For just under $5, you get a delish, freshly made banh mi.  You can order a variety of options. I started with a #1, the house special, because well always start with the house special.  I've had good banh mi, but think this one took the sandwich game to a new level.

The portion was fair.  They filled the sandwich well.  The service solid.  They also had a variety of other options, including shakes and smoothies.  

$15 minimum for credit card orders can be reached if you take advantage of their buy 5 get one free deal.  While I wasn't in the mood for 6 sandwiches this go around, I might be next time!
Ba Le Bakery needs to drop the "& Restaurant" bit from their moniker, seeing as the sit-down portion of the business is shuttered. This leaves us to grab our delectable and astonishingly cheap ($3.50 average) banh mi and cast about for elsewhere to eat it. 

I am no Viet food pro, and picky to boot.  The porky pates and crispy ears found in the most authentic banh mi don't appeal to me particularly, so I stick to the moist, shredded dark meat chicken sandwich or crunchy fried tofu versions here at Ba Le.  Both provide enormous satisfaction for such a low price -- the ratio of carrots to daikon to cilantro is always on point, and you can't beat Ba Le's perfectly crisp Viet baguette with a stick.  Proof positive of their gluten superiority is found at fancier restaurants doing banh mi -- Supper, Sampan -- and using Ba Le's bread. 

Choose your banh mi, add on a bubble tea (Tip:Thai iced tea or classic mango) and get to a park bench or handy stoop to savor the flavor.  Two banh mi, two bubble teas = $16.
i haven't found a better banh mi. 
i crave this sandwich for months after i leave. i need to go back, like, asap.
SO DELISH. 

and the bubble tea too. WANT. 

there's a wide array of prepared food and packaged goods... if only i knew what anything was! whoops. 

the parking lot gets incredibly crowded. the service is quick and not unfriendly. worth a trip to philly.
The first place I ever had Vietnamese coffee and I'll never forget it. So delicious. The banh mi here is good too, and I'm a sucker for cute packaging.

P.S. - The owner/manager is hotttt
Came here to order some sandwiches for a baby shower. We got an assortment of pork, chicken and vegetarian banh mi sandwiches. The staff was fast and efficient and were kind enough to separate the vegetables that normally accompany the sandwiches in a separate bag  and also cut each sandwich into three pieces.

The sandwiches were a hit and we're all gone so we'll definitely go back if we are in Philly for the weekend.
Just came out of the shop. I was surprised at all the baby kitchen roaches that were on the counter at this time of day. Makes you wonder how bad the infestation is when they are out at the cash registers. Not sure if I would buy from here again. Eat at your own risk. I did point it out to the clerk.
They definitely made good use of space. There's banh mi sandwiches, fresh baked baguettes, pastries and pre-made savory. I came here with one purpose only and that is to satisfy my banh mi craving. I got the banh mi special with cold cut pork. The bread was toasty and there was perfect amount of cold cut pork, pate, butter and pickled veggies. This place knows how to make banh mi just right, at a price just right. My tummy thanks you!
Expecting more of a market, I was surprised with the meal-to-go format of the bakery...everything was ready to go for you to bring your bahn mi fixings home...bread, shredded meat stuffing, and lots of fresh Vietnamese salads.

Tried the bubble tea and I have to admit I nearly gagged on the little gelatinous beads...I'll try most things once, but I'm afraid I've put this in the "Leave It" pile.  It makes me wonder what it is that people find appealing about the drink though, maybe the way the chewiness of the drink fills you up? I could see how some people would like it.
This is the only place I'll go to for a Viet Hoagie. I tried a couple places in Chinatown and I use to love O Sandwiches before their quality went down after a year. Ba Le is my go to spot now for Viet Hoagies.

If you don't know how to speak Viet, no worries, there's a sandwich menu with pictures and you can order by the number. Several of my veggie friends enjoy their Vegetarian Hoagie which is made very differently from the tofu hoagies at Fu Wah in West Philly. Btw, I like Fu Wah's tofu hoagies too.

if you're feeling adventures, check out their summer rolls and other small goodies on the counter and on the hot rack. You'll find a larger variety of food in the cases on the weekend because that's when all the shoppers come out.

Tip #1: If you're ordering a sandwich for later consumption, ask to put the veggies on the side.
Tip #2: Buy 5 hoagies and get the 6 free!
I'm vietnamese and if you respect your taste buds, stomach and yourself, I would highly recommend not coming here. You are in the center of vietnamese town when in Washington street, there are too many other options to get vietnamese food for you to come here.  I just had to make a return on a purchase because when I opened the container, the food had a slime coating. Clearly the food spoiled and they were nice enough to give me a refund.  Aside from selling spoiled food, the older women who work there have no manners or understanding of how to treat other people.  Not that they are upright rude, but not welcoming or friendly at all. 
All their other food options are laid in the open with a few flies  buzzing around so I would be cautious also. The place does not seemed air conditioned and I would just give it a second thought about buying things in the summer there. 
As for their banh mi, I feel like people who gave it rave reviews don't know what a banh mi should really taste like. Cafe Cuong and huong lan are just two other places that make fresh banh mi as you order. 
Just please don't go here and think you're getting fresh vietnamese food.
Tip: Banh mi sandwiches available at 9 a.m.  

I know this because we had stopped at an Asian market at 8:30 a.m. and afterwards, I could smell bread baking.  Followed the scent and stumbled upon Ba Le.

This was breakfast for my husband and I as we had been up at 3:15 a.m. to catch a train from DC to Philly at 5:45 a.m.

$3.75 for a sandwich

Got the veggie banh mi which comes with tofu.  Tofu was sugary.  Did not care for it.  Other than that, the bread and vegetables were fresh.

They have other selections of pre-packaged foods as well as boba drinks but they're smoothie consistency.  What happened to the milk tea bobas?  

Just a suggestion Ba Le...please label your sandwiches because we had to examine 5 sandwiches to determine which one was the veggie banh mi.
Shredded pork banh mi for three-fiddy basically across the street from my house?  I feel like I've struck gold.

It's been there for years and I've always just walked past it.  Maybe because it was right on Washington or because the steps are kind of mucked up but I really didn't think this spot could offer much.  Boy was I wrong.

When I walked in, I saw tons of things on the menu.  11 kinds of sandwiches, a multitude of smoothies/bubble teas, fried bananas, spring rolls, prepackaged lunches and a full kitchen of little women working in lock step to prep things.

My sandwich was pretty awesome.  Tender pork, jalapeno, cilantro and maybe some diced cucumber?  The bread was warm and when I took my first bite (and each subsequent one) the bread was both crispy and soft.

Pho and banh mi in the same parking lot.  It really doesn't get any better than this.
Great sandwiches, but be sure to double check your receipt as they tend to charge you for items you didn't get. This has happened to me on my last three visits. It's not enough to stop me from enjoying their sandwiches, but it is quite annoying. Make sure you don't get overcharged!
This place has been going downhill, not sure what happened (possibly greed?). It used to be my favorite place in South Philly but I have not got a chance to go here since covid, and I was shocked when I was here last Friday. Food quality has gone down tremendously, everything here is now covered in low quality oil that makes the food greasy and leaves a horrible after-taste in your mouth. Not only that, price has increased notably (30-40% probably) compared to pre-pandemic price. It could be remotely understandable for what happen at the beginning of the pandemic when ingredient was scared and cost was high, but what is the explanation now?
The hoagies here are pretty decent, a step above any other place.  Order 10 and get one free!  Make sure you get the veggies on the side, that way you can make it yourself and keep it from spoiling faster.  Get the combination, any other type of sandwich is NOT the way to eat a Vietnamese hoagie.

Bubble tea drinks here are good.  They have fresh pennywort juice (rau ma) looks really spinachy green and from what my dad says, it tastes good.  But I love the taro milk - soooooooooo addictive.  Yes, they make it w/ half and half so its super fattening and sweeten it w/ simple syrup, but it is SO good!  If you want tapioca pearls, they add on 50 cents....

Their to-go plates are pretty darn good too!  Rice plates with pork chop or the fried tofu noodle dish with veggies - all run about $6.  awesome to take to work next day!

be careful when you first step in, floor is iffy!
Banh Mi sandwiches here are awful. Bread sucks. Veggies are cut big, and too sour. Less pate and too much soy sauce. Mayo had a funky stench to it. Was craving a Banh Mi, ahh did not like at all, very disappointed. 

Best thing about this bakery is that certain foods are ready to pick up and already made. From random meats, pasteries, smoothies etc. convenient and great. 

Parking in this plaza is a pain. Might want to park on the street.
You know what's better than well made sesame beignets filled with mung beans? 

Nothing.
Ba Le Bakery makes the best traditional banh mi in Philadelphia! What makes Ba Le Bakery's banh mi superior over others is that there is the perfect amount of every ingredient. No bite is without the tastes and textures of Vietnamese cold cuts, pickled daikons and carrots, pate, and baguette. And of course jalapeños and cilantro too!

Perhaps even more remarkable than the banh mi is the variety of prepared Vietnamese snacks available for purchase. I left with a gigantic haul of prepared foods I admit I do not entirely know how to describe. I'll just say that I highly recommend the purple taro snack with real taro slices and the green and yellow sticky layered cake. 

If you are still on the fence about whether or not to give Ba Le Bakery a try, I hope this review has changed your mind. As someone who consumed a tremendous amount of banh mi and Vietnamese snacks in my childhood, I can definitively tell you that Ba Le Bakery serves authentic Vietnamese food that is well worth the trip to Washington Ave.!
My go to place for banh mi! My family has been coming here for years and recipes have been consistent and delicious! 

The sandwiches and drinks are always fresh and made to order. Buy 5 get the 6th free! Can't beat that deal for $25, perfect for my family of 6. 

I haven't tried banh mi anywhere else even when I'm eating at other Vietnamese restaurants. It's either here or back in the motherland. No better place!
This place has a lot of varieties of Vietnamese dishes. There was a crowd waiting for the banh mi order. The summer rolls are big. The sesame balls are fresh and has perfect chewiness.

I took a star down because It's a bit too crowded for current pandemic condition and it's hard to be six feet apart I was so anxious about the crowd and couldn't wait to get out of the store.
The only thing I have ever ordered from here is Bahn Mi and that's all I will probably ever order. Everything is fresh from the roll to the veggies and everything in between. If you want Bahn Mi this is the place.
I just got the chance to swing by Ba Le Bakery and was completely blown away by their vast selection of Vietnamese snacks, desserts & drinks.

Naturally, I ordered the #1 banh mi dac biet (the deluxe) and it was everything I wanted it to be and more. The banh mi here is a little bit pricier than other neighborhood shops but their sandwiches are also larger and stacked with goodies. You could easily eat half for lunch and save the other half as a treat for later.

The interior has a bunch of different fridges and tables filled with pate, goi cuon, banh da lon, banh tet, you name it - they probably have it! 

The ladies working behind the counter are fast and friendly. The only downside would be the ordering line could be a bit more organized but otherwise, I really dig this place and looking forward to coming back to fulfill all my viet snack cravings.
I love the hoagies here, and usually stick with the chicken, which is very well-marinated and tender.  Ask for some extra shredded pickled veggies for an additional crunch.  Plus, they are buy 5, get 1 free, which is great if you are getting lunch for a group.  The chicken is only $3.50, and the beef or pork are around $3.75.  The rolls are very good, with a crunchy, flavorful outside and warm, soft in the interior.  They are great with the hoagie fillings so that's all that really matters.  The baguettes are also very good, if you get them fresh in the morning; try a piece with a bit of pate.  They also have a wide range of meats and sides, as well as desserts and beverages.  The summer rolls are $4/3, which is pricier than those at surrounding cafes but they do have a better variety, including shrimp, pork, and tofu.  The fried tofu is my favorite of the bunch, since it is shredded, which gives it more surface area with which to pick up the dipping sauce.  The beef jerky here is pricey but, like Christopher P mentioned, very very good  It's not too dry or tough/sinewy and the flavor is amazing.  Good for a weekend treat.  Get here early in the morning to find a good parking spot since the lot gets very crowded after 11 am, especially on weekends.
I suppose if you're on the hunt for esoteric ingredients and foods of Vietnam this could be your go to place. I was however, on the hunt for yummy bahn mi. My stop here was fruitless. We had two different pork Bahn Mis and neither was very tasty. Their bread was very good, but their meat tasted cheap and flavorless. One sandwich had some sort of spicy mayo on it, and it wasn't very tasty at all. Being from NYC (Brooklyn) we have some stellar Bahn Mi places, this place doesn't hold a candle to many of our joints. From what we saw there were lots of other Vietnamese places so maybe on our next visit we'll try somewhere else. We won't be back here.....
My quest for delicious banh mi in Philly is unfulfilled. If you have a good rec, please help! I got two sandwiches, the special combination and one with anchovies (to try something that isn't on everyone's menu). The sandwiches were ok (better than Cafe Cuong, the only other banh mi I've had so far in Philly), a decent size, with fresh bread. They use these see-through plastic wrappers which I thought were cute, but didn't help the taste any ;) The place is quite big but didn't seem to be busy. I'm craving CA chains like Lees, Paris, and other joints like Saigon right now.
Great prepackaged and home made Viet food ! Try their beef jerkey, spring rolls and nam. I love it here minus how I always feel rushed by the staff to make a decision and their Viet coffee is always so swt when I ask for less condensed milk. All in all. A great drop in spot !
I got my com tam suon cha here , the pork chop is salty, not good at all , and the chả has dish soap taste, I thought it was my spoon not clean , I smelled my spoon, nothing wrong then I tried the cha again, OMG. I really wondered did they put dish soap into the cha  disgusting
Yum!

The banh mi are ridiculously delicious, mostly due to the crispy baguettes. And good news, the baguettes are available for sale in packs of 4.

There's other Vietnamese fare available for purchase too.

I docked a star because there's no organization or order to the queues and everyone just crowds around and it's an annoying mess.
Years later... I still love Ba Le Bakery. I have noticed that Ba Le has gotten much more popular since my first visit 5-6 years ago which contributes to the price increase. However, I can still claim that they serve one my favorite banh mi sandwiches in the east coast. 

It is definitely a shame that I no longer live in Philadelphia anymore. I do make a stop at Ba Le Bakery if I am ever in the city. If I could tuck myself in a fresh banh from here, I would. I am not kidding. I'd snuggle all day between those meats and buns.
Everyone knows that Asian people don't make hoagies. They're made by brusque Italian Americans who hate you. 

This is why Ba Le is special. Everything about it is the opposite: It is cheerful inside, like when Bill Murray goes on that talk show in that movie. Hoagies that are small, run you about $3, and made by Asians who don't hate your guts. Sure, they put all kinds of silly things in them, like cilantro, but c'mon, live a little! 

I went to one SP sandwich shop where I ordered an Italian tuna hoagie. The goon in the sleeveless shirt dumped a can of tuna on a roll, sprinkled grated cheese on top which came out of a bag,  then put his hands on his hips and sneered at me as if to say, "whaddaya expect for $12, buddy!?!?!" 

Ba Le is the opposite of that.
So I woke up today in a fuzz from a night of karaoke with two clear thoughts in my head: I need a Vietnamese hoagie more than anything in the world, and I want it to be as close as possible to my house because it's a god damn sauna outside. Thank goodness I live in South Philly, because there were plenty of places to choose from, this place included. 

I wasn't really sure what to expect because you Yelpers made it seem like a weird place, but I will say this: for being in a HUGE building, it's really just a small place. It has a hot bar of food, none of which I am familiar with, a cooler containing salads with weird looking meats that I'm working up the urge to try, and a side part that offers a good assortment of juices, bubble teas, and smoothies. Unfortunately, I was there for none of that and put my eyes on the prize: an extensive Bahn Mi menu. 

First of all, their choices for Bahn Mi are pretty wide. They have about 10 different varieties, ranging from the regular house specialty to meatball and kebab. I decided to make both lunch and dinner Bahn Mi so I ordered the house specialty and kebab, extra spicy. Let me tell you, I was in heaven as soon as I took the first bite of the house specialty. The roll was crisy and flakey on the outside, but soft and warm inside. The meats and pate had such a good flavor, and the jalapenos were crisp and fresh. There was a perfect amount of vegetables in there, and didn't overwhelm the meats at all. Also? Only a tiny bit of mayo, which really made me happy. I only had a bite of the kebab but it was definitely just as good. I hope I stop being so full because I can't wait for dinner now :D

Oh and the best part? Not a single sandwich was over $4. My two hoagies and 2 sodas brought me to $9.25. Take that, QT! I am SO happy I decided to bike through the desert that is summer in Philadelphia to try this place. I will definitely be back here as much as possible!

(Oh, but note this: vegetarians may not like this place much because there is only one vegetarian hoagie option)
If you want authentic banh mi (viet sandwiches) come here! It's around 5 bucks - which i think is kind of pricey since most banh places sell it for like 3.50-4. Decent amount of meat tho and super tasty!

Clusterf**k to park in this parking lot..be warned.
Always consistent banh mi with good house baked fresh rolls. 

Also good prepared Vietnamese hams, head cheeses, and a variety of treats. 

Prices have gone up a bit but still much more affordable than most good out there. And prices have gone up everywhere so can't blame for that. 

Sometimes good to call ahead your pick up orders during busy times as the line can get long and the wait can get extended. 

Only wish is that the patrons would respect distance and space during covid. Maybe enforce a limit of people in the often too crowded for comfort cafe.
Great Banh Mi! I also love their Thai bubble tea. Since the pandemic, they've been running things a little different now which I love. Instead of a buffet they have it all pre packaged. It almost feels cleaner.
I'm so upset right now. I had a bad experience last night when the lady in the kitchen went in front to ask me what did I want. I literally told her I want 2 grill pork and 2 special for to-go and put all the vegetables on the side. They end up gave me all 4 toasted with vegetables together. Then I told them that they gave me wrong order. Instantly another lady who didn't involved anything, started yelling at me said that it was my fault, then the guy who messed up the order told me he was gonna make another one. They just threw the vegetables out and gave me the same sandwich, when it dropped on the floor they just picked it up and put in the bag for me. And then this morning when I'm about to eat it, I realize that they gave me BBQ instead of grilled pork. What a bad customer service ever. I should have returned everything last night instead of saying it was ok.
I have yet to find good banh mi (Vietnamese hoagies) in Philly's Vietnamtown, and Ba Le's were okay at best. The banh mi dac biet was alright, but I've had better in Harrisburg, which is pretty sad. They didn't spread the pâté very well - they completely missed one side of my hoagie. We also tried their banh mi thit nuong (BBQ pork) which was, again, only okay. We ordered something with an awesome picture and was described as having some kind of shish kabob, but they gave us a meatball banh mi instead. They were the worst Vietnamese meatballs I've ever had. It was like eating pink tasteless tofu. Their bread was good, though, I'll give them that.

I didn't try anything else there, but their sticky rice and desserts looked good. I'll give them a try next time I'm in the area. Their papaya salad and banh cuon, however, didn't look that fresh or delicious. They both looked sort of dried out, and they didn't provide enough fish sauce for the size of the papaya salad.
I love the Vietnamese Hoagies from here. It is worth the walk from Chinatown to Washington just to get these. For only $2.75, these hoagies made fresh and are crammed with meat and veggies, unlike the soggy bread with few strings of carrot in Chinatown.
Vietnamese version of a cheesesteak?? The roll was amazing and I would assume baked on-premises.  The fresh vegetables would only be fresher if I grew and plucked them myself.  Lemongrass beef maybe?  Very fatty meat.  All of the Vietnamese stuff looked amazing. When in rome..........
I'm a recent convert to Ba Le's tasty apps. I've been trying a few different selections each time I visit, but my current love are their goi cuon (summer rolls). Now I usually don't cave into buying summer rolls because with some patience, I can make them at home. But I got trapped into the convenience of just paying someone else to do it for me...and since you get 3 rolls for $5 (which is likely cheaper than what you'd pay for the same app at a sit-down restaurant).

Having convinced myself. I'm now pretty addicted. I've tried 3 of the various kinds they offer - vegetarian, shrimp/pork, and grilled pork. All were very very tasty and the dipping sauces (vegetarian, mild fish sauce, or peanut sauce) were all very authentic. But what really sets these spring rolls apart is their addition of a fried egg roll wrapper alongside the filling. It is a clever balance of texture - crunchy and chewy. Fortunately for me that my sudden conversion came late - otherwise my wallet would be lighter after so many visits for these delectable summer rolls.
On thursday, I bought "bánh bèo" , "mắm chng", and "bánh bao". Unluckily, everything was so bad. It was not like before I used to have. "Banh beo" was still raw a little bit, i even saw the raw tapioca.   And bun crust was so hard, it's been like a week ago and they still sell these items. And the last one was "mam chung". I used to very like it. But now, it was very bad. They may change their recipe, i dont know. But you can feel the skeleton of a fish stuck in teeth with this dish. I think im not going back there although im a vietnamese.
I enjoy coming here bc they have so many choices (from foods to desserts, to drinks.) The thai iced tea with bubble is probably the best I've ever had. And the size they give it in is pretty large! When I first got it awhile back, before even knowing the size, I was like the price for thai iced tea is expensive, but after receiving the drink and realizing how big the cup was, I was happy!! And their tapioca is always cooked perfectly. Sandwiches are made fresh to order. Bread is nice and crispy and stuffed with plenty of meat and veggies. Mmmm!!  And, I love love love the thai banana cakes wrapped in banana leaf (a tad on the expensive side, but I still order it anyway. It's that delicious!) The banh cam is great..esp when it comes out fresh and hot. I burnt my mouth once, but it was so worth it. I also like this banana jello thing in coconut tapioca. Haven't had it in awhile bc my new addiction is the thai banana cakes though.

Now the stuff that isn't that great but still edible are the meals that are wrapped on their counter (banh beo, banh uot, etc.) I've had better elsewhere, but if you don't want to make a whole bunch of stops along the way, they are ok. Their banh tet isn't the greatest at all!! Actually, it's far from it. Upon cutting into it, there was a huge lack of meat and bean. It was about the size of a quarter (the filling). You are basically eating just sticky rice. If that's your thing, go for it, but I like my fillings.

Come here!! You won't be dissappointed in the large variety of items. You would never know what to eat bc you would literally want everything there.
best food to go when I'm in town! their cha and banh mi are the best!!! food always come out hot and fresh. the staff are quick and friendly too!
Take my money! 
Ba Le is a spot where people from different states travel to and pack a whole car of food to bring back. They remind me of Vietnam due to the numerous types of food that they carry. 

BEST CHA GIO! Yea yea you can't get cha gio anywhere else for real. 

I usually come by for a quick pickup of banh mi and nuoc sam/nuoc mat. They have recently remodeled the place and it looks great! Cleaner and more modern but that comes with a price. Their prices has been increasing since the last however long I've been a customer for. Their banh mi are a bit overpriced and hey, at least their banh mi is worth the size!
"Banh mi" "hoagie" "sub". Whatever you want to call theses sandwiches they are on fresh baguettes and and packed full of fragrant herbs and greens. Watch out for the jalapeños. My sandwich had one, but not until the end so it was a pleasant surprise when my mouth caught on fire. There's also usually a long cucumber that can make the whole thing fall apart if you take bites that are too big. The Bubble tea is mighty sweet, so if sugary goodness is what you seek this is your spot. 

I make a habit of trying the foreign things on the counter top. The spring rolls are fresh like the sandwiches and come with flavorful peanut and fish sauce. The brown baked balls with sesame seeds are sweet, fried and soft in the center. The things wrapped in green leaves are the only thing that I have found unappetizing. Sometimes they are stuffed with a sticky substance that is similar to uncooked dough with various ingredients in the center. Other times they are filled with sticky peanut stuff. If you can get past the texture then give them a try.

Service is not trying to charm you, but they are fast, and pleasant enough.
My two friends and I tried the "banh day" for the 1st time today at BaLe. When we were there, the cashier and staffs were not supportive and kept pointing at us and whispering something, which was very rude. We did not mind at all until we tried the "banh day". To be honest, it tasted really good, except the stupid packaging which made it really hard to tear off the leaves and enjoyed it. However, after around 1.5 hours, we started feeling nauseous and uncomfortable. We were on our ways to the beach and had to stop in the middle of the trip to throw up. Initially, we thought we got car sick. The situation got worse and worse when we could not stop throwing up for 3 hours. We went to the pharmacy and were diagnosed with food poisoning. Our stomaches hurted a lot and we pooped continously for the whole day. My friend sweated a lot, got cold and her stomach felt like someone continuously pumped at it. We even thought about going to the emergency room and got our intestines cleaned but we even were not able to move. We had to rent a room at a hotel and luckily got two of our friends take care of us. We were so pissed off. The poison ruled our trip, which is the very last trip I go with my friends before I move to another country. I would recommend anyone to not risk their lives trying Bale anymore.
Ba Le has definitely improved their Banh Mi over the years. The bread is flakier and softer and the thit nuong is tastier. They could be a little more generous with the meat, though. 

I always end up spending more than I wish to at this place because of the little packaged foods on display. The meatballs on a stick is a little dry and should come with a dipping sauce. The goi cuon (summer roll) has way too much lettuce filler and not enough meat. The banh cuon is on the thicker side. They don't give you a side of required condiments when you purchase these items if they aren't already included. 

I did discover something truly amazing, though. They have Vietnamese Iced Coffee smoothies. In short, it is a Vietnamese iced coffee frappucino or coolata. The awesome part is, you can add jelly (the better choice) or bubbles, for an additional cost. It is now one of my favorite summer drinks. 

If you're craving banh mi, Ba Le might be able to satisfy you a bit. But don't get your hopes up.
Been coming to Ba Le for many years until i moved from Philly.  Stopped in this summer (2018) while I was in town.  I ordered a lemon grass beef bahn mi.  It's still on point.  Although i did notice the bread changed from what i remembered.  It's a little denser now but not in a bad way.
Believe it or not, this place has pretty good baked goods. I recomend the fresh bread or coffee drinks.

 I usually stop by here for Bubble Tea, though. If you've never had it, you will love Ba Le's tea...
Always trust your instincts.  I should have known when I saw cooked pork chops over rice - unrefrigerated and wrapped in plastic - ready for purchase that I'd be feeling queasy all day if I ate here.

But alas, I decided to try a Ba Le banh mi on my way down to Columbus Boulevard to do some Halloween accessory shopping at Five Below.  I ordered a vegetarian sandwich, which was a $1 more than all the meat offerings; very curious, but I'm not complaining (at $4.50, how can you?)

There is nowhere to sit in the "bakery & restaurant.", so I plunked myself down on the steps outside and dove in.  After a few bites, I realized that they had mixed up my order with the man in front of me, and given me a #9, shredded pork.  I'm not a vegetarian, so this was not quite the snafu that it could have been, but I wasn't thrilled either.

I would have gotten over it if the meat had tasted decent, but there was something funky about it that I can't quite put my finger on.  I will say, however, that the bread was *out of this world* (hence the extra star).

If you're in the area and have a hankering for a banh mi, stop by Nhu Y at 8th and Christian.  I've never had a bad experience there.
If you are tired of your traditional roast beef hoagie, or your regular Phily cheesteak. Plus you have an adventurous taste and want to try a different kind of hoagie of the world. You must stop through for some Vietnamese Hoagies.

Their Hoagies is a mixture of both the taste of Vietnam mixed with a colonial French flavor. Their hoagies are outrageously cheap (like under $4). 

They also have to go pre made chicken, rice, noodles, baguettes, bubble tea, coffee/ coconut jello snacks, Asian soda/ drinks, and Asian snacks. It's like walking into an Asian cafe with munchies/ lunch/ dinner/ dessert/ drinks to go.
Nem chua and banh mi dac biet.  Those are the two things I come to Ba Le for.  They're also two sterling creations of all things pig.

Even though their nem chua isn't wrapped in banana leaves which is the authentic way to do it, it's still pretty good.  What's nem chua you ask?  Well it's minced pork leg meat, thin sliced pig skin, garlic, fish sauce, and seasoning.  All raw and formed together, then fermented for a little less than a week.  The thought of controlled decomposition of raw meat will either have you interested and excited or otherwise repulsed.  It's really awesome with beer or sipping rice whiskeys or vodka.

And then the banh mi dac biet.  So full of pork liver pate and head cheese.  Ba Le's baguettes come so crisp, it'll definitely tear the roof of your mouth to shreds.  Delicious pain.

I think I need to make another visit.
Now that I've graduated and been back in Philly for the past 4-5 months, I have finally gotten reacclimated with my love of all sandwiches.... the banh mi. Now being from Philly, one would expect me to love the cheesesteak.

Fact is.. I do love the cheesesteak. I just love the banh mi SO SO much more. And so I've chosen Ba Le, which is my go-to banh mi joint for now since I haven't been to many of the vietnamese places in Philly after being away for roughly all of the past 5 years.

Each sandwich costs roughly $3.50 and when you buy 5, you get 1 free. (I don't eat all 6 by myself, but every Friday afternoon, I'll buy them for myself and my little sisters as an after school snack). The consistency of these sandwiches varied, but usually they were more than satisfactory.

Just gather up 5 of your friends and enjoy a nice ol'  banh mi.
It's a shame the restaurant part of this establishment closed, it was really pretty, and a place for all the guys to go watch their sports on a huge plasma on Sundays.  BUT the bakery part is still up for business.  Though I find the stuff they offer are a little over priced, it is still worth it for their huge selection.

Their hoagies are eatable,  not the best, but not bad either, [ I still think cafe Saigon has the best hoagies.  Check out my review!]  Their coffee is good, but they don't use the traditional Condensed milk which is what gives cafe sau da their creamy yummy rich texture.  Instead at Ba Le they use regular half half YUCK.  BUT it's a large cup and at .75 more then the other places, the quantity definitely beats out the quality of it.  They have a huge selection of Vietnamese desserts [my favorite is the pink pearlies in coconut milk with jellies ] ask for it to be mixed in ice [ as you should with all their desserts]   .  

Go in the morning when all their pastries are fresh, and try everything!!
So overrated. The food is overpriced and the hoagies are not that great.  Before it was more authentic had a very homey feeling now they are so rude won't be spending my money here again.
I'm not a big fan of Ba Le. I think their pre-packed foods are bland and overpriced, and their drinks are too watered-down, besides their iced coffee.

The only thing worth getting are their Vietnamese hoagies (Banh Mi), which are priced between $3.00-3.50. The portions are generous, but I've had better within blocks of this place. They have a daily "Buy 5, get 1 FREE" Banh Mi special. It also applies to other various items under the heat lamp.
I had managed to rush over here with just 10 minutes before closing time. Thankfully the workers were nice enough to still serve me!

I ordered the thit nhuong banh mi, a $4.50 sandwich. It consists of grilled pork and everything else that usually comes with a typical vietnamese banh mi sandwich (cucumbers, cilantro, jalapeño, pickled carrots and daikons). They filled the sandwich up pretty well with the ingredients. Truthfully, I think the price is expensive for a banh mi sandwich, especially in Philly too.

The service here was nice enough to serve me even though I came in so late, so that was a plus! Honestly, I'm really curious as to how they store their meats here because it looked as if they were planning on just leaving it there overnight to be reused without refrigeration or anything. But I could be wrong. Due to the pricey sandwiches, I'm not sure if I would want to come back though. Maybe I'll give Ba Le another try...
Sad excuse for a banh mi dac biet. My parents use to own a banh mi shop when I was younger which was $2.75 for a banh mi. The ingredients aren't expensive, especially if you buy in bulk. I understand the price hike but I would expect to get the same amount.
I've been going here since I was little. Growing up it was the "it" place to get Banh Mi. Would I call it the best place to get it? No, I've definitely had better. I go here because my boyfriend doesn't really like pork and there's a choice for chicken on the menu. 
I also feel like this place is a bit overrated. I've had other food they serve there and the meals are just "ok". 

The store is a bit overwhelming. I'm Vietnamese and I'm used to the chaos, but my boyfriend is not. There's really no real lines and it was a bit disorganized on how people took your order. (This doesn't bother me, because it's just how the Viet market is). Anyway, just note if you're going during a busy time get ready to use your outside voice. 

Once you order, you do get your food in a timely matter. I can't complain about that. The women in the back work fast! 

I knocked down two stars because of 1) you'll get a pretty decent banh mi (it's just not the best I've ever had) 2) Price- Some of the things there are just plain overpriced. 

With this being said, I feel like if you can compare the popularity of this place to like a Pats or Genos. Most people know the name of Ba Le, so people automatically think to go there, but if you know your way around the city - smaller stores who serve the same thing will give you better quality for a better price.
I was raised in DC and currently living in NY. So, definitely had my experience in terms of the BEST and WORST Vietanemese food on the east coast. A quick visit to Philly I was expecting the Viet food here to be somewhere in the middle. But Ba Le is amazing in terms of variety and quality!
All the Vietnamese drinks, snacks, dessert you could ever want.
Now please open a brand in NYC if you can!
eating the second half as i write this. very bland lol i had to put some soy sauce on it ... not my first time having banh mi from philly so i'm disappointed. expected better cuz there's a huge viet population there and the food is usually on point whenever i get it delivered to nyc. the problem w this banh mi is its do chua and meat. pickles don't have the right flavor + meat is tough to chew but yet has too much fatty parts.
There's good and there's bad about the place. 
The good about the place is it serves some absolutely delicious banh mi and coffee. The banh mi taste great but not the greatest proportion but is fair. The coffee oh how I love the coffee here and how I hate myself everytime I get coffee here. The coffee tasted so concentrated and the condensed milk just adds some sweetness to it but not like sugar sweetness. Why I hate myself? Well the coffee here costs $4.50 a piece and they will only give you about half a cup of coffee. $4.50 is a very expensive cup of coffee no matter how good they are. I wouldn't hate myself as much if they would try to make it seem like I'm not being duped out of my money. I asked for a cup of coffee with no ice as they usually keep their coffee chilled and I would prefer my coffee not watered down. They gave me a barely half filled coffee cup. I am not expecting to get more coffee from them by asking for no ice I understand they need to treat all order equally but would it kill the establishment to use a smaller cup and give me the same amount of coffee. Handing over a half filled cup of coffee is just hard for me to swallow for $4.50. With ice is even worse as I tried to pour over the coffee to see if it'll come out to be the same and it came out to less than a third cup since the ice took up so much space. Please be aware of this when you are ordering coffee here. I will continue to get a cup of coffee here but one cup will always be my limit. 

Tips for first timers:
1. This place is more self served so walk in and walk around see what you would like out of the variety of stuff they have. If you would like to order some banh mi and coffee just get in line/ or walk up the cashier and tell them. 
2. As I have said above their coffee are awesome but it definitely hurts my wallet Everytime I get coffee here. 
3. You'll feel like it's chaos in here when it is very busy you just have to channel your city personality and be just a little more "in your face" but not too rude .
This was my second time using the online takeout service from Ba Le. My order was ready before the pickup time and everything was perfect as usual. I have been going to Ba Le for several years and their products are consistently good.
Ba le has very good Vietnamese food but since I went an hour before they closed, there wasn't a lot of food available. I got the banh mi dac biet and 2 cold egg rolls but I didn't care I was hungry..... The banh mi was very good but I had better. It was your traditional banh mi with the Vietnamese meats and assorted veggies but alittle bigger in terms of size. Even though the egg rolls was cold, the filing was very tasty. When you go during the day, the place is packed with hungry customers and plenty of fresh food to go around. The service is very good with nice people behind the counter. Overall rating 4/5.
banh mi dac biet is prob one of the best in the area. The bread is soft and the best I've ever had...period. To me, it's a make or break for sandwiches because if the bread is bad, no ingredients from the magical land of amazing food could save it. This place is packed off the walls on the weekend and customer service isn't amazing, which is why I'm giving it 3 stars instead of a 4. They sell a variety of viet food and all at a good price. Around the block, their are a lot of other viet restaurants and super markets. A very good one stop shop area for groceries and restaurants.
Ba Le is a South Philly staple! My family has stopped here every time we are in the area for as long as I can remember. They are known for their Banh Mi (Vietnamese hoagie/sub) and boy are they great at it! Our go to order (and probably everyone else's) is the #1 Special Combination (pork bologna, pork belly, ham, soy sauce, pate, and mayo served on our mini baguette roll, garnished with pickled daikon, carrots, jalapenos, cilantro, and cucumber). I ask for the garnishes on the side to prevent the bread from becoming soggy since we are usually traveling a few hours with them. They have a buy 5 get 1 special that we often utilize because everyone wants Banh Mi from Ba Le if they know you're going to Philly.

I've tried many of their other Banh Mi as well and they all have been tasty but I always go back to the #1, it's #1 for a reason right?Make sure you take a look at their ready made appetizers and desserts because they have a big selection and there is something for everyone. I personally have a sweet tooth so recommend their Da Ua (Vietnamese Yogurt) and Che Bap (Sweet Corn Pudding). You can also order the roll Cha Lua (Steamed Pork Sausage) from them to eat at home. Another recommendation is their passion fruit juice! Sweet and tangy, can't be beat.

Only thing I would say is it does get super crowded in there at times because it's not the big of a place and there's not really a designated spot to wait for your food. It gave me anxiety before but now during the pandemic it's much worse. I have never tried pre-ordering so I don't know if that might help but either way this place is definitely worth a try if you want a fresh, tasty sandwich!
They have specials there, but 5 get 1 free. Highly recommend going, delicious and pretty decently priced!
The banh mi here is perfect. Light crusty bread, flavorful sandwich fillings, spicy and crunchy garnishes. 

They have a $15 credit card minimum, so a two banh mi order requires another menu item to help you meet that goal. I suggest grabbing a packaged order of the tofu summer rolls. Made with the filling of the tofu banh mi, it is a wonderful treat.

Call ahead? Sure they offer that! The only place in the city that doesn't give you a time estimate of when your pickup order will be ready. Instead, they ask YOU, "when will you be here?"
The only place I'll get banh mi in Philadelphia. I've eaten banh mi in VA, Cali, and Houston, so I consider myself pretty picky. Service is rushed but when you realize how many people frequent the store, it's understandable. This is my normal one-stop shop for che and sweet rice dessers on the go. It's worth the 1.5 mile walk from my current location in Philly.
Ba Le has a great selection of Viet lunch items for take out and they also accept credit cards.  I like that I can quickly get a good Special Combo Viet hoagie or a rice noodle or rice dish in a flash.  Their prices are around the same price as other Viet hoagie places in the neighborhood; altho I guess it is a con that their hoagies are premade; but hey, 30 minutes to grab lunch and eat?  Ba Le is a good choice.  

Their viet hoagies are crusty and crunchy and frankly, I don't know of any other places were I can pick and choose from such a great selection of Viet food in my half hour lunch break!
Absolutely horrible! Overpriced for very-low quality food that is NOT authentically made (they have Mexicans working in their kitchen, who probably have no idea about Vietnamese food). You can even tell that their kitchen is filthy--especially from my own experience! I bought Banh Bao (steamed buns) from there and brought them home to eat to find that they were all spoiled! That means they must've been sitting out for at least a few days without being refrigerated! One of my friends recently bought some egg rolls for her kids from there, and found some metal strips that looked like they came from a Brillo pad! It was a good thing she broke the egg roll in half before feeding it to her daughters! I would give this place less than one star if I could. It amazes me that they're still in business.
The prices of the sandwiches have risen from $4.50 to $4.95. You would think that the quality would stay the same or even get better. Nope...sadly,  the quality of the sandwiches have deteriorated. There is less meat in the sandwich and other meats have been added as substitutes of the original. Also, there is more fatty meats than the good ones (cha lua). I am disappointed.
My co-worker showed me a review of this place in the paper. It is a bit of a hike to get there from our work, but I found, completely worth it. The Vietnamese shrimp summer rolls are so delicious and very, very reasonably priced for three. They also have all kinds of strange looking food in many colors that I'd like to try if I was over in that neighborhood more. I had Thai iced tea, but it is so sweet I thought I was going to go into a diabetic coma after drinking one. If you love sugar, then by all means, order one too. Only the take out part was open the last time I was there, and I'm sure they only accept cash.
Delicious vegetarian tofu hoagies on soft, flaky French baguette for around $5. Sold!
If you're asian who lives in Philly.. chances are you have had the hoagies at Ba Le. 
I must say their prices have gone up tremendously in the past years, but the quality of their food have also gone up. 
All their hoagies are well made and the bread is fresh, my favorite is the combo and i also love their summer shrimp and pork rolls. Their thai tea is also one of the best!
Some of the BEST bubble tea in the city. The fruit is fresh and they have a varied selection, with some tailored for the Vietnamese crowd. The banh mi's have gone down over time (I remember going back here when I was a little child).

Doesn't matter, had durian bubble tea.
Amazing sandwiches. Try the summer rolls too! So good that I've ordered two days in a row. Fresh, crisp and filling.
Ba Le is always a great spot to grab a quick meal when I'm in a rush. Their banh mi is good, I enjoy it, but the price isn't worth it.

There's something about Vietnamese operations where transitional flow isn't something that is thought of? I think this place would benefit from having even just a rope divider to guide customers where the line starts & check-out vs. those who are waiting. This can help with crowding and maintaining numbers because there are times I've gone in and it's packed still. 

I've gone here for about five years now and I've seen the price increase almost yearly. I think that's normal for how businesses run. But close to $10 for a banh mi from just needing at most $6-$7 is a bit much. Along with a $15 card minimum-- it doesn't really appeal anymore. Unfortunately, this has pushed me to look for other places.
This is my South Philly stop for Vietnamese Hoagies, otherwise known as Banh Mi... though I have no idea how to pronounce that.

They're really quick, 3.75 each (last I remember), and great on the go for a light lunch.

Try their restaurant side for sit down options. The Pho, nem nuong, and cha gio are all passable in my book. If I were to rate them based on that, they'd get a 3 star rating from me. But, this review is about their hoagies, which are a step above.

Pro tip: Get here at peak hours (lunch, dinner) to get a fresh hoagie. They churn them out, then whatever is left is kept warm in a food warmer. If you get a specialty hoagie, you don't have to worry about this as much.
They take credit card. Lots of pre-made Vietnamese food, breads, dessert, garnishes. Heard it's one of the best banh mi's in town and it's pretty solid -- but not fresh and crispy like some other spots.
The customer service here sucks. The lady at the counter was rude and made me felt rush when there was only one other customer there. The other workers on other days are not much better. 

I ordered a banh mi with extra jalapeños, and she repeated my order but I got a banh mi with out any jalapeños at all. This made the banh mi very lacking.

Uff..I'll only return if I'm dying for a banh mi and vietnamese ice coffee, because it is usually good. Just a very bad experience today.
I'd give them absolutely NO star if I can. I usually go to my reg joint, which is Cafe Cuong. But they're closed prob cuz of Lunar New Year. Altho I do like buy 5 get 1 free. But still after this, I'm def NOT coming back even if it's free!!!! I got 5 banh mi n got 1 free. The Tht nng was very raw( see pic). They're trying telling me thats how their Tht nng is. It's not raw but if I put the sandwich in the oven for a few minutes that I'll see it's cooked. Uh, isn't that what THEY'RE suppose to do so we as paying customers don't have to cook our meat? Smh. I tell them I don't eat pink pork. They say all the years they opened that I'm the first to complain. Well if that's not what I'm used to eating, I'm not gonna buy it. The customer service there is awful. I just ask for different banh mi. Got the dac biet. Not any better. Def NEVER coming back here EVER again!!!!
Inflated prices and charges extra if you use a credit card. Definitely other bakeries have reasonable prices. I'll never go back here.
If you're looking for Vietnamese food and  drinks then you'll find it here. 

They make a lot of the foods on location. They make specialty foods for used for Vietnamese celebrations here. 

This is a take out place so you're not able to eat your food on the premises.
Great place with delicious bahn mi sandwiches.

There is a large variety of sandwiches to choose from. They do run a special that isn't posted but a B5G1 free deal. 

I went in on a Sunday late afternoon and the place was pretty busy. There are 3 cashiers but the distinction in lines don't exist. I am used to Asian markets so some little women can be a little pushy. I ordered my 6 sandwiches and got my items quickly. 

I ate the roasted pork sandwich and it was the best tasting pork sandwich I got compared to any other places around Harrisburg. I highly recommend this place. Possibly, order a head next time to fight the crowd.
I don't support businesses that supports Trump. I used to support this business because theyre Asian owned but I will no longer support them. Thanks, but no thanks.
My mom bought a sandwhich from here today and she found a metal strip in it!!! Disgusting!! Y'all will be hearing from me tomorrow !
Banh mi sandwiches are delicious, with a variety of meats (and vegetarian) selections, priced at $5.  Also with there buy 5 get 6th sandwich free deal, how can you go wrong?  The bubble tea, smoothies, and snacks also make it worth the trip.  The only downside is that you have to bring your goodies home to eat.
Recently I have visited Ba Le Bakery. I noticed all the prices has jump up a whole lot. Everything went up at lease two or five dollars . I feel that the business is over priced everything. I used to buy a lots of stuff from there. But I don't think I will anymore.
I feel majorly duped.  The pork was average.  The spring rolls on the bag felt like they were cooked 2 days ago freezing cold and stale wrappers. The summer rolls were heavy thick wrapper. Yucky dry filling.  Totally overpriced.  I want my money back.
I've been to Ba Le Bakery many times for their yummy sandwiches and other delicacies. Their sausage on a stick is awesome. I also like their pork rolls. The fresh-baked rolls are excellent. I usually get their meatball banh mi sandwich which is more like a meat paste than meatballs. It's so tasty and satisfying (such a big sandwich!) and only $4.95. There is a steak sandwich for $7.50 that I have yet to try (it's weird that all of the other sandwiches except this one are $4.95 to $5.50). Lunch time can get really busy in this place, so try to go around dinner time instead.
