While visiting Philly, a friend chose this place to dine, and I was a little skeptical. They had never been here before, and it was so random I didn't get a chance to yelp it first. But sometimes you just get lucky and this was one of those times.

Conveniently nestled in Liberty Walk (Northern Liberties), it seemed a bit off the path for strangers, but likely a gem for locals and those in the know. The service here was phenomenal. While tiny, I did enjoy the intimacy and decor. So now to the food. I ordered a grilled calamari salad. It was deliciously grilled calamari over a bed of mixed greens with red onions, scallions, mint, and I believe tomatoes, topped with a chipotle lime type dressing. Amazeballs. I would love to return and try the Hi Ma Parn with chicken.
We drove across the city to try the newest restaurant on the Thai scene in Philly. Unfortunately, we found Baan Thai to be pretty on par with other options. That's not to say it was bad by any means; it was good... just not really a destination spot for someone living in Graduate Hospital. Hot and sour soup was standard; firecracker shrimp were tasty but par for the course. 

My chicken pad thai was okay, and a plate of drunken noodles had a kick but tasted just like drunken noodles at every other Thai restaurant in the city.  

Service was very nice but slow, and we were the only table in the restaurant. If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd probably return, but I won't be going out of my way again.
New to the neighborhood and we're trying to land "our spots". We found our Thai Spot for sure in Baan Thai! We ordered takeout on a Saturday and it was a quick and painless process. Phone to table in 30 minutes. Staff is Covid ready and eager for your orders! 

What we snagged:
-Money Bags (SO Baan [damn] good!) 
-Pad Thai (Veggie and Tofu) 
-Pad Kee Mao (Veggie and Tofu) 

Everything was VERY flavorful and HUGE portions. All for sub $30. Got two meals out of it all. We'll be back to Baan for all their great dishes for sure! The ONLY constructive feedback is ensuring the tofu isn't as mushy next time around.
I was looking for a good Thai restaurant that is open on Sunday. Search on Yelp and found this spot in Nolibs area. Thx to other Yelpers for their photos!!! I was salivating as I scroll through Yelp's photos lol. 

They have indoor and outdoor seatings available. When we arrived,it was relatively empty, but it definitely didn't stop us from dining in:) No Thai is complete without Thai Iced tea(not in my book). Baan Thai's Thai Tea is one of the BEST in Philly. I've drank Thai Tea from various locations, but Baan Thai's is definitely one of the BEST. 

We started off with appetizers and soup. Money Bag, Angel Wings, Beef Satay, and Firecrackers. My favorite is the Money Bag, they look and taste amazing. Love the crispy and crunchy exterior with soft fillings interior. Satay Beef with cucumber salad is also very delicious. Their Tom yam soup hit the spot for me as well. Hubby's favorite is the Firecracker. While my brother's favorite is the Angel Wings. Our appetizers look like a meal right? But we didn't stop ordering, even though we was pretty full lol.

We continue with Kang Curry, Duck Tamarind, Thai Fried Rice with crabmeat, Drunken noodles, and Seafood on the flame. Idk if is bc I'm full or what, their entrees lack tastes. Everything I've tasted is just MEH. The only fascinating part is when Seafood on the Flame were presented on the table. It was a seafood entree wrapped in aluminum foil and the staffs lighted on fire. Pretty cool to watch. 

We have nothing bad to say, but vow to return for appetizers in the future.
4.25/4.5 stars. As much as I'd like to think so, I'm not the only one who's allowed to choose restaurants. Especially when it's someone else's birthday. So when one of my very best friends decided to have her birthday dinner at Baan Thai, I had to through my slightly pathological need to control eating/drinking plans to the wind. Thankfully, I don't have a very discerning palate when it comes to Thai. I can differentiate between really really good Thai and just plain good Thai, and that's about it. Baan Thai is somewhere in the middle.

Nine of us came here at 8pm on a Saturday night. We wanted to do some table/chair rearrangement to ensure optimal conversation positioning (you never want to be that person who's awkwardly only kind of part of two conversations - strategy is needed to avoid this), and the staff was wonderfully accommodating. This set the tone for the whole night. It's difficult to deal with large parties - especially large parties that have been a bit overzealous with their alcohol consumption - and we were met with nothing but kindness and efficiency. Five stars on the service front! 

My food/drink exploits are pretty much limited to New York, so I'm not used to the whole BYO culture that Philly offers. When I say overzealous, I mean that literally every person contributed at least one bottle of something. The space here is conducive to having large, boisterous groups, so we were having a full on Dionysia before we even touched our menus. I'm not saying that you should get reckless here or anything, but Baan can supply wine glasses and bottle openers to aid in happy drinking for all!

Didn't get to try a whole lot food-wise, but what I had was fresh and very well-priced (especially for someone used to dining in New York). To start, I split the Money Bags - yes, that's the actual name of the dish - with a couple people. According to the Baan Thai menu, these little treasures have chicken and shrimp "hidden" in wanton skin - fried to golden brown and served with plum sauce. While these are not my typical healthy fare, they are 100% worth it. I certainly would not mind being paid with this type of money bag, if I had the option. Don't pass on the plum sauce - trust me. 

For my main, I went with the Pad Keang (sautéed mix of vegetables with ginger, shitake mushroom, and onions in a light garlic sauce). I am unfortunately proof that this name is butcher-able. But I digress. Check this one out if you're looking for something on the lighter side. My only complaint is that they skimped a bit on the tofu. This wasn't a particularly large portion in general, but given that you need to pay extra to add protein (tofu/chicken/shrimp/seafood/pork/beef - points for options!), I was expecting more than four or five small pieces of tofu. Otherwise, I enjoyed the dish very much. Any dish with real pieces of ginger mixed in has my vote! 

Yelp always asks me if this place or that place is good for groups. The answer here is an overwhelming YES. I can't imagine having an intimate meal here. Bring your friends, bring some drinks, bring some merriness and cheer!
The best Thai food in the area. While it may not be saying much due to the lack of competition, these guys do a pretty decent job of filling my belly with delicious Thai food.

Upgraded to a long-overdue five stars. This is my jawn.
I'm Thai, and this place is pretty darn good.  (Note: It's delicious.)

...and it's BYOB.

Service is great and they're quick when you order for pick-up.

They also have an awesome lunch special.

Try the duck salad - you won't regret it!

Baan Thai vs. Circles:

- Taste: Baan Thai is much more authentic and flavorful, Circles wasn't bad, but was a bit greasy and didn't taste as authentic
- Value: Portions are a little smaller at Circles and cost about $2 per entree than Baan Thai
- Speed: For pick-up, Baan Thai is hands down one of the fastest real restaurants I've ever gotten food from - they say 15 minutes, usually will be ready in 10; Circles, took about 25 minutes when they said 15
To start off, I am Thai-American and very pleased with the selection here at Baan Thai. As close as you will get to authentic in philly ..definitely beats the thai place down the street which is extremely americanized and any other thai place in the city (and we have tried mannyyy)

we ordered tod mun (fried fish cakes) for appetizer, crab fried rice (highly recommend), red curry for our entree. we were pleased with everything. it's so nice to have a yummy thai place in walking distance from our nolibs home. we will definitely be back! Thank you BAAN THAI for finally having something authentic in philly!
Oh yeah, I'm coming back here.

Spring rolls - not what I meant to order but delicious. (I meant to order fresh rolls)

Pad Thai - yes, flavor, funk, spice, solid portion

Mo Yang - oh hell yeah, freakin delicious and perfectly cooked.  (The sticky rice could have been better)

Craving == satisfied.
Baan Thai is a slightly above average Americanized Thai restaurant. 

Tom yum soup with shrimp 
This soup was oddly sweet and very mild in flavor. I asked for extra chilies and lime to get it to the correct spicy and sour intensity.

Papaya salad
The papaya salad was very fresh and had great texture. But once again, the flavors were lacking. I added lime, but it still needed dried shrimp and more fish sauce to be authentic. I can understand if Baan Thai omitted those ingredients to satisfy western palates unfamiliar with those flavors.

Pad kee mao
This was excellent. Spicy and a little sweet, the way it should be!

Massaman curry 
Ugh. This dish made me so sad. Massaman curry is my favorite food in the entire world. It should be beef stewed for a long time in a rich curry. The beef was cooked to order rather than stewed. I wish I could transport myself back to Thailand to eat this again...

I won't be making my way back to Baan Thai anytime soon. If anyone knows of a more authentic place, please let me know! This Thai girl is feeling homesick...
I went to Baan Thai with some friends on a somewhat full stomach and this was a huge mistake, because it was delicious and the portions were super-generous. I really wish I had been hungrier. 

I ordered chicken pad thai (a favorite of mine) and was really happy to see a large pile of crushed peanuts on the side, allowing me to add them as I saw fit. I should have read the menu more closely, because I didn't realize tofu was mixed in with the dish. After eating a few pieces of "weird chicken with skin on it" my friends pointed out that the white chunk I was eating was indeed tofu. I will definitely pay more attention next time. le sigh. The noodles were tasty and there was a great abundance of bean sprouts (which are my all-time favorite component of Thai food). Basically I need to come back. Soon.

BYOB, by the way. We stopped at Bottle Bar beforehand, which was a good call, because there's nothing better than a pilsner with noodles.
Very good, well executed Thai plates that are generously portioned and enjoyed the added beni of BYOB! Not to mention outside seating. Very cool for this location in Northern liberties. Very affordable, casual option in a generally high rent district. the duck was killer...
I love having a good Thai place nearby. I usually end up getting my usuals of curry and noodles, but their bigger dishes (duck) are also great. Service is always prompt.
Hands down the best Thai place in Philadelphia. If only I can rate more than 5 stars!!! I have been to quite a few thai restaurants and there was nothing we ordered that was not perfect! I have already been here 3 times!

Each time we visited, we were seated immediately. I have never seen it fully packed. The waiter is friendly and patient with our numerous questions adorning a smile on his face the entire time. The menu was very extensive and was descriptive since I have not heard of many of the dishes! Many items give suggestions to what pairs well with it.

If like us, you cannot decide on an appetizer, try the BAAN THAI SAMPLER PLATE, where you can try a little of everything. The spring rolls were even super crisp and full of flavor in every bite. My favorite would have to be the chicken satay! It was a fun way of trying all the popular apps!

All pork fans, you have to try the MO YANG. Its basically charbroiled bbq'd pork (tons of it), grilled veggies. Its a combination of garlic, honey and black pepper. And there is  the Baan Thai special sauce which comes along with it. A side bowl of sticky rice is recommended along with it. Hands down, the best combination of flavors ever! You will definitely have enough for the next day's lunch!

The PAD THAI was amazing with its usual ingredients brought to a whole other level. The peanut sauce and extra peanut topping accompanied gives it the final touch.

Although we were stuffed, we just had to find out if this gem of a place served my favorite Thai dessert, Mango with Sticky Rice. And it delivered!!!! Perfect amount of sweetness of the mango plus the warm sticky sweet coconut rice. Couldn't ask for a better Thai meal!

I have returned many times, and I intend to visit this place more often. Highly highly recommend!!! Oh and its BYOB!
So I cant comment on the food here, but their service is highly unprofessional to say the least.  I called Baan Thai about 10pm on a Sat night to ask what time they were open until and was told they close at 11. Great. I told them I was leaving momentarily from Fishtown and would be there in 15-20 min. Got there at about 10:20 and when I arrived, the host said in so many words that they were not seating anyone else because they wanted to go home for the night! 

Wow, total buzz kill! If you wanted to call it quits for the evening, then why tell me otherwise on the phone?? Simply say that you are closing up shop for the night and I would have gone elsewhere to begin with... Long story short, I ended up in Chinatown and probably had a way better meal for less $$$ so it was actually a winning situation! I won't be back. 

Khop khan krap for nothing Baan Thai!!
First time I had Baan Thai- I got delivery earlier this year. Last week we went and sat outdoors under the lights at nighttime and had a outrageously delicious time. Felt like a mini vacation. I love this place. And oh- the fact that it is BYOB is an automatic win-win! Service is friendly.

First- Outstanding soups - huge portions.
Tom Kha (coconut milk) I got it with chicken and amped up the hit. Soup was full of vegetables and shrooms and not shy of the chicken. This dish alone can easily be lunch.
Tom Yum(spicy thai) I got that with shrimp- again- lots of vegetables and tremendous depth in flavor. Nothing beats a soulful soup!

I had the papaya salad- again amped up the heat- added duck for only 4 bucks! The peanuts- the chili- the everything- the so fresh- the so good!

The duck salad is also the bees knees. Cashews, mint, tomato, onion, smoked chili dressed and pleeeenty of duck- this salad is my dream when I want spicy food.

We got the Sampler plate as well and subbed out sweet potato for fish cakes. Spungy salty fish cakes, huge chicken satays, yummy meaty dumplings, and juicy spring rolls.

Our entree of the night was Duck at the Sea! Yummy crispy duck topped with shrimp, calamari, mussels, scallop and fish all swimming and dancing in a spicy garlic sauce.  

I cannot wait to be back- to lick the plates!
I'm torn between three and four stars. I stuck with three because I'm fairly certain my four star thoughts have something to do with the fact that I live 30 seconds away. There's nothing more awesome than being able to satisfy a thai craving in 30 seconds. 

That being said, Baan Thai is good. I can't say it's great but it absolutely satisfies my cravings and the price is very right. 

Some highlights: I never eat here or order out here without getting the duck curry. Wow. it's great. It's duck breast with red curry, coconut milk, pineapple and basil. It's everything you want. Sweet, creamy, spicy and salty. Delicious. Their pad thai and drunken noodles are good. I'd have to say my favorite noodle dish is their Pad See Ew...the sauce has a bit of a sweetness that I love. Most of the noodle dishes are loaded with lots of veggies which i like. The spring rolls are standard as the firecracker shrimp and dumplings.

Overall, solid thai place. I'm happy it's around the corner for my thai needs.
I love Thai food, specifically I love red curry, it has definitely cracked the top 5 favorite foods list. So for my birthday I was really craving thai, and my friends accommodated. We live in Northern Liberties so Baan Thai was an easy choice. 

Service: They were super accommodating, I made a reservation the day before for 9 people, and though the restaurant is small they were able to fit us all in. The service was friendly, the food came out fast and everyone had a great time. 

Food: We shared a lot of appetizers, the calamari was large and super crispy, but not over fried. Skip the crab Rangoon though, lots of cream cheese, not sure if there was any crab at all. Everyone seemed to love their meals - my red curry was just what I was dreaming about, spicy and a bit sweet, ugh now I just want more. The pad thai got thumbs up around the table, big portions and great flavors. My one friend did not love her drunken noodles, but she wanted more noodle, less veggies/meat so that may be personal choice. 

Atmosphere: Its cute but sparsely decorated, not the best atmosphere, but that's pretty much my only complaint. 

To top it off its BYOB and somehow with all of that food we spent about $24 each? And they sang to me :) so this place deserves an A in my book!
I had heard that there weren't many good Thai options in Philly, but this place was a good find! We came on a Saturday for dinner, and there were maybe one or two other parties in the restaurant. We got the summer rolls to share, and they were just what you expect summer rolls to be - fresh, tightly rolled so nothing falls out, and with good sauces (peanut sauce and a sweet and sour sauce). I got the chicken drunken noodles, which had a spicy kick to it, but not too much. The noodles were soft and came with yummy vegetables, including broccoli, peppers, and cabbage. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for an authentic Thai restaurant around Philly.
Do yourself a favor and grab some friends, a few bottles of wine, and head over to Baan Thai on a Friday or Saturday night before heading to the No Libs bars.

Their pad thai is just what you want in a PAC thai. Just the right amount of seasoning and you can kick it up a notch if you choose. Appetizers are affordable and service is great!
I'm a convert and happy about it (thanks Leo!).  The sacred Thai place that shall-not-be-named holding such sway over critics in Philly is good, but for tasty food at a great price point with personable service, get your butt over here.  

The location is lovely: in the mix but not totally frat-happy.  They have outdoor seating.  It's byob and yummy to boot.  What's not to like?  In addition, they have a killer lunch specials menu that looks divine with tons of options.
This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the city. Small, quaint and authentic.  The staff are very attentive and the service is always great. They have a great lunch deal (weekends included) and also a very timely delivery service in any weather condition! I would highly recommend any of the curries, but especially the duck red curry.  The firecracker shimp is my favorite appetizer and their Tom yum soup is to die for!
Lunch specials are a pretty great way to try a few things and walk out full and satisfied. While it's nothing different, I come to Baan Thai for my fix of Thai food if I want something convenient and quick. Haven't come for dinner, but you can get any meal as a lunch special, which is ideal for trying new thing. Of course things like Pad Thai and drunken noodles are going to taste the same everywhere-- but they have a few unique dishes to try out that really make it worth it. Add duck or fish for a new take on things! 

I loved my Penang Curry, which wasn't too sweet. It put me on the path to cooking my own coconut curries, which I've loved doing! Their Penang is hard to match, though.
Not bad! 
I've ordered take out twice now, including fresh rolls, Pad Kaeng & Thai Basil. I did not have a good first experience, as the Thai Basil, which I asked to be a 2 (out of 3) on the spicy scale, was so spicy I couldn't eat it. This is partially my fault, obviously, but be mindful of the spice level when ordering. The fresh rolls are huge and well worth the price. The downfall with them was that the purple cabbage was extremely hard and almost sharp. I don't know if it was bad or frozen, but I did not enjoy that. The Pad Kaeng was amazing and my favorite thing so far - I'd give that a 5! The garlic sauce was light, sweet & packed with flavor - one of the best sauces I've had in a Thai dish. 
Overall, it's a good place, but not my favorite. I highly recommend the Pad Kaeng though!
I lived in nolibs (piazza) for 2 years. I frequently ate out, and the ONLY place I miss is this spot. I think that says a lot.

The location isn't really the best. It's tucked away on a quiet street off liberties walk. It's not that it's in a bad/hard to find area, ifs just that they don't get much foot traffic. 

I've been here close to a dozen times, and each time the service is so good. They are all Thai and so kind and humbled that you've come in. The veggies are CRUNCHY. Ugh, I cannot tell you how many places I've had thai in this city that have soggy veggies. The first sign of authentic thai is that crunchiness. 

The tom yum is delicious. If you are a spice person, you're safe here. They will guide you if you are not. Translation: if you want to leave with a burning mouth you will. If you don't want to you won't. 

I love their tofu, and their curry never ever let's me down. I really miss this spot, and hope that if you are close by you try it!
A lot of options for lunch specials - entree + salad + appetizer or soup.  I got the salad, fried dumplings, and the pad see ew.  All were delicious!  I would recommend if you get the dumplings, get them fried because my sister got the steamed and it looked very bland.  The pad see ew had very fresh noodles and the flavor was good... the veggies were also plentiful.  Very friendly service and the prices are reasonable.  In the northern liberties section of Philly... parking was not bad during lunch but is probably much worse at dinner time.  This restaurant does not take american express.
Great place for the price! Had lunch special that included salad, soup or appetizer, and main course. It was pretty filling for $9.90. I tried salad with peanut sauce for the first time and I pretty much loved it. Tom yum soup was a little sweet but overall pretty rich in veggies and enjoyed it.  For the main course, Penang curry was very flavorful as well and rich in veggies too. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. The server was pretty nice and I found the place very clean too. I would definitely come back again.
I hadn't been to Baan Thai in a while but remembered really liking their food so I ordered it for delivery on GrubHub. I got the green curry with chicken and the summer rolls (those fresh shrimp rolls with veggies) and everything was delicious!

The spice level of the green curry was perfect - it had a kick but not too much to handle. The summer rolls were incredibly fresh and honestly a much larger portion than I expected so you get a lot for your money there.

I will be ordering from them again soon!
A cool little Thai place tucked away in Northern Liberties.

I was in the area for a lunch meeting on a gloriously sunny 75F day.

Ordered the lunch special, which included a salad and an entree.
Food was good but they did not have really authentic cuisine like laarb.

Service was friendly and prompt.

In a very walkable area of Northern Liberties
This place is delicious. Fresh! Flavorful! Friendly!

We have had takeout a few times and everytime has been solidly yummy. The green curry is light and has a kick, pad Thai is awesome, basil stir fries are full of flavor, veggies are fresh, quality tofu, and we also loved the pork dumpling appetizer. And the service is fast and nice. 

Ignore the medicore reviews. This is better than 95% of the Thai food i have eaten in any borough of NYC in the last ten years. We will be back whenever we are visiting the area (alot).
Stopped by today near the end of their lunch time specials. Even though we showed up 10 minutes before the lunch specials were supposed to end, they were pleased to sit us for the lunch menu. Our server was super sweet and extremely attentive. I believe they close between lunch and dinner so we sat outside as they were prepping the dining room for the dinner service. 

Speaking of the lunch specials, Great deal. As we live around the corner, This will become a lunch staple for us. The pad kee mao was phenomenal. Their thai tea and thai coffee were both sweet without being overtly so. 

They were really easy to deal with over the phone as well. Calling Circles for lunch is an exercise in futility. It's so bad in fact that I actually refused to go back there until they got their restaurant together. Now with Baan Thai around, I doubt i'll be going back at all. 

While im extremely sad to see Sonata go. Baan Thai is a great addition to liberties walk and we will be back often.
As per my Circles Northern Liberties review, we decided to try this place out before a second go at Circles. 

They aren't on grub hub, and didn't list the delivery zone online, so I just decided to call and pick up our meal. 

We ordered the appetizer sampler which consisted of various fried items and several dipping sauces. I would order this again, as everything was good.

I ordered Penang Curry, which was better as leftovers, as curries always are. It was my first time trying Penang, and I wasn't a huge fan, but I don't think it had anything to do with the quality of the food, I think I simply prefer other types of curry.

My boyfriend ordered pad thai, which was yummy but was pretty sweet, and different from other pad thai that I've had.

I would eat here again, but probably for dining in over take out. The space was much nicer than I expected, was dimly lit with linens on the tables, and it seemed like a cozy place to take a bottle of wine and have dinner with friends.
I happened to come while I was on a limited vegetarian diet, and the waiter assured me they can make food without onion, garlic, leek, or scallion. I wasn't quite convinced their peanut sauce really didn't have any of that, but I ate it anyway. It was tasty enough. Everything tasted good enough, but a little on the not-so-authentic side. It will do, and the prices are affordable. Wouldn't really come again.
i recently went to Thailand and had some of the best Thai food of my life (obviously) and i was craving some of these dishes that i had there and went somewhere close to home and also BYOB. our server was welcoming and friendly and made sure we always had what we needed.

we started with summer rolls and then got the basil duck, crab pad thai, and red curry

summer rolls: these were amazing! they were fresh, lots of shrimp and other ingredients. i had a craving for them and this definitely satisfied it

basil duck: this was OK. i think some pieces of duck were heavily seasoned and tender while others weren't so seasoned and dried. overall i'd give it a 3/5. the sticky rice that i ordered with it was decent but it dried out pretty quickly due to not being in a bamboo bowl

crab pad thai: i personally didn't want to order pad thai. after having it in thailand, i don't think it'll ever be the same for me again. i didn't like  the way the noodles were cooked, the crab was dried out and it was flavorless

red curry: this was good! not the best but good. it had good flavors, a tad bit more coconut that i'm used to but it was good!

overall, for being local and BYOB i'd definitely get take out here again! i'm being a pretty strict judge but for those looking for authentic thai food, i would say some dishes than others are definitely tastier.
Who wants to cook when it's scorching hot out!  Thai take out on a lazy Sunday afternoon seemed appropriate.  I wanted to try a new Thai place in the area which did not compromise nor skimp on the fish sauce! 

I was a little disappointed the sauces used on the papaya salad was not as fishy, kick you in your mouth taste.  I guess they took it down a notch to cater to an American taste bud.

Overall, the food was decent.  I ordered the papaya salad and firecracker which was good.  The papaya salad was flavorful but again could of used some fish sauce.  Biting into the firecracker (shrimp wrapped in spring roll skin) was crispy and juicy.  The plum sauce that came with this dish seemed like it was made from scratch, a nice added touch!

The drunken noodles were tasty, light, and not heavily sauced.  It lacked a little "umph" but good enough.

One of my favorite Thai dishes is pineapple fried rice and I was dissatisfied on how it was made here.  The rice was soggy and soft like it was freshly cook and thrown into the frying wok.  They did not fry the rice enough.

This place is good for a quick Thai craving fix, however I will not be coming back again.
I love this place. I was really excited when I heard about the other Thai place Circles and went and had dinner there and it was very crowded and I felt like I was on the date with the 2 people sitting at the table right next to ours. So we were going to go there again and a friend suggested trying Baan Thai. I did not even know it was there! I feel like we found a gem! 
The tables are far enough apart that we could have a conversation that did not feel like the person next to us was listening in. The food is great. I have eaten at many Thai places and I always go with how great the green curry is.  
I love the fact that it is a BYOB. My boyfriend and I have now been there 3 times and last night I ordered take out. Everytime we go our waiter is very helpful with getting us to try something new. I am so happy that we found this place.
I give Baan Thai an A for Awesome.  The Thai fried rice with Crab is a knock-out, and they do my favorite Thai dish, Pad See Ew, very well with more veggies than most places.  The staff was so incredibly friendly, and though the fire alarms started going off during our meal (thanks to the apartments upstairs), I liked the ambiance of Baan Thai.  After the fire alarm ordeal, they sent over complimentary fried bananas (so frickin good).

The price points are right up my alley, and with it being a BYOB you really can't beat it for a nice night out on a budget. I plan on going back ASAP to try out the rest of their menu.
5 stars for service alone! Waiter was attentive and nice. Ate lunch, had "Steamed Dumplings" and "Spring Rolls" for the appetizer, both delicious. For entrees, I had the  "Yellow Curry" with chicken and my girlfriend had the "Red Curry" with chicken. They were both great, but I liked hers more, the Red was spicier and was more flavorful to my liking. Both served with a side of rice. The lunch special also included choice of soup or salad, salad with peanut sauce was tasty.

Dessert, we shared a scoop of coconut and green tea over a tempura fried banana. A nice treat to end the lunch.  The combination of the cold ice cream and the warm fried batter of the banana hit the spot. 

Recommended Drinks: Thai Tea
Good lunch special. Loved the peanut dressing and basil fried rice.
This place has lunch down! I coordinated an office order for 5 people, and as I was reading off the items by number, the girl taking the order knew what each thing was and what options it had. I always get nervous about placing large orders ordering, and especially here with so many options. The lunch special is $10 or $11 depending on which protein you choose, you have a choice of appetizer or soup, a salad and entree. You can also specify how spicy you want something. The food showed up to my door in under 30 minutes (how is that possible?!?!) and everything was right on, no screw ups or forgotten items! My meal was the salad with peanut dressing, I would buy thus dressing by the gallon if I could. The Tom kha soup was the perfect spicy sour veggie filled broth. My entree was mixed veggies with shrimp and rice in a garlic sauce (2 star spicy made it amazing!) next time I'll ask them to leave out the baby corn though. 

We will definitely make this one of our Friday lunch delivery spots from now on!
Baan Thai is great for a dinner date or large parties of 8 or more. There is a good amount of space in the restaurant and you do not feel crowded in. The portions are large and all the food we ordered was amazing. The salads are also huge so I suggest sharing if you are ordering appetizers for the table with a large party. The service was good and speedy. We didn't have to wait long for our order. Its definitely a great go to Thai and BYOB spot in Northern Liberties.

I suggest the Pad Thai Chicken, Spring Rolls, and Money bags.
Great food.  Nice guy.  Much better than the nearby Circles restaurant.  BYOB is a huge plus.  My BF was not totally happy with his dish.  He said it lacked flavor.  Maybe he needs more flavor!  Anyway, go here.  It's a winner.  
-JM
We have waited so long for a Thai place in NoLibs and now we have two!  My husband prefers Circles, but I prefer Baan Thai.

The atmosphere is calm and not distracting. The service is very attentive. It was two weeks between visits and the hostess remembered us and offered us our "regular" table. 

The food is served timely and beautifully. Plus it tastes great!  I've had the yellow curry and pad see ew. My husband has had the drunken noodles and the pad kee mao. Plus we've sampled most of the apps and found them all to be yummy!  The only negative thing is that there is a charge for extra rice, but its clearly marked on the menu so can't complain too much. 

Additionally, the prices are reasonable (and generally less than Circles). So its Baan Thai for me!
Food is amazing. I get the Pad See You with chicken and add pinnacle and its amazing and a huge portion. The lunch special is a lot of bang for your buck too. Price is reasonable. Sometimes it takes a while to get your food but its a nice atmosphere so I don't mind.
Ordered a thai basil rice dish from here a few weeks ago for delivery -- I was very pleased! Larger portion, great for dinner that night and lunch the next day. I would recommend their takeout!
They never have any business so I don't know if they will make it but their food really is good. Now that Circles changed their menu and upped their prices exorbitantly, Baan Thai has been getting all my business. For under $10 at lunch time, you get a salad, soup/app, and entree. All great portions as well. Get the peanut sauce salad. Peanut butter makes all greens that much more tolerable.

The tom yum looked great but I had the crunchy tofu. The dipping sauce for that was addictive.

Penang was perfectly spicy and flavorful. Wish they had massaman curry but penang will do. 

Just a really good place to go if you are craving Thai on the cheap.
Small cozy place with great food, great atmosphere, and fast & respectful service. I got the PAD-ROUM-MITT with the steamed pork dumplings and everything was fantastic. I will be going back and you should try it too.
Baan Thai is hands down the best Thai food in Philadelphia. I've been there several times and I'm never disappointed. The service is great and the food is even better. Literally, everything I've ordered has been delicious. The prices are very reasonable and to top everything off, it's BYOB. You really can't beat that.

Fun note - On Valentine's Day my family came to the restaurant and as usual, the food was excellent. We told our server to give our compliments to the chef and to our surprise, we were given a complimentary dessert. It's little things like that that keep you coming back.
We had dinner here this past weekend and have had take-out (delivery) once as well. I love this place. It is standard very good Thai food. Circles is good but their menu is limited and a little quirky. I prefer the variety of options and the more the traditional preparations at Baan Thai. We are thrilled to finally have a Thai restaurant in the neighborhood that also delivers. The restaurant is nice. Well decorated and comfortable with traditional music playing which I love.
Excellent all around!

Authentic Thai food from Awesome Thai people.
After living in Thailand I know what to look for.
Best Thai in Philadelphia!!

Baan Thai is as real as it gets!!
This place has decent thai food. We got the tom kha which is standard and good, but overpriced for a small bowl ($6) the salad with glass noodles was yummy and reasonably priced. For dinner we got the crispy duck and the pad thai. I liked the style of pad thai bc it wasn't overly sweet and it had the right amount of tang. As for the duck I was disappointed. You can tell it was just reheated and had microwave rubbery texture. No crispness at all. Since it's pretty expensive here for mediocre food, I prob won't be back. If you want duck stick to china town. I've yet to find a thai place with quality duck. The service was good and they gave us free cupcakes, so it wasn't all that bad. Just be careful what you order.
I love this place.  I decided on this with a friend when she mentioned her neighbors had been raving about it.  It was a beautiful spring night so we decided to walk from Fishtown and it was an easy walk.  Being a weeknight, it was pretty quiet but we were happy to be able to eat out side and enjoy the weather.  
We shared a papaya salad which was really very good.  The somewhat spicy drunken noodles with shrimp (not extremely spicy but enough to make more interesting than we expected) was super.  We also shared an incredibly enjoyable crispy blns duck with tamarin sauce and the two main dishes really complimented each other.  Service was nice and very friendly.  
We were both pleasantly surprised how good our meal was and excited to have a good thai place in the area.

*side note: walking from Fishtown, we stopped at bottle bar east and picked up a bottle of good beer to go with Thai and they suggested  "trade winds" , a tripel belgian style ale brewed with rice and thai basil.  IT WAS SO GOOD WITH OUR MEAL!

I am glad this is a BYOB restaurant for sure.
We are fans.  Our first time here.  In sum, way better than the 3 area Thai restaurants we had begrudgingly eating at.  Service, their guidance, the flavor of the foods we had, and the value for the dollar... all excellent.  It's Philly, so expect a hard time finding parking if you drive.

We loved the Kim Ka soup with coconut base. The steamed pork dumplings were very good. Loved the   drunken noodles with shrimp, the Pork BBQ too.

Is a BYOB.
Had a sit down meal here for the first time last night, it was great!! The interior is clean and unfussy. The service was friendly and fast. We ordered steamed vegetable dumplings (delicious! tasty dipping sauce!), red curry, drunken noodles. Everything was fresh and delicious. The price was very fair. Baan Thai is my favorite thai restaurant in Philly now.
After three or so days of consuming artery-clogging road sludge, we sought out something a bit lighter.  Baan Thai pretty much succeeded on that score, but we didn't think it made all that much of an impression food-wise.

The restaurant is attractive, comfortable, and pleasantly lit, if somewhat generic-looking, and it sits on a very pedestrian-friendly Northern Liberties corner among some blocks that have an almost European feel.  In short, a nice environment for dining.

The food might have been a bit bland, though.  "Thai style" spring rolls seemed very much like Vietnamese goi cuon, but without as many herbs and with the more savory Vietnamese peanut sauce replaced by a more syrupy, sweet sauce.  After having a massive roast pork sandwich for lunch, I went with the duck salad.  It was sizeable enough for $9, was relatively fresh-tasting, and had a generous portion of roast duck.  But the duck itself seemed a bit warmed-over and not terribly flavorful or tender.  The wife's red curry was more of a light pink, and pretty thin stuff.  Most importantly, she said it was lacking in the flavor department.

Our servers were friendly and efficient

3.5 stars:  I'd say Baan Thai is a serviceable enough Thai restaurant, and a decent value, but firmly short of a go-out-of-your-way Thai experience.
Excellent lunch specials! Leagues better than Circles, and the prices are on point!

Give this off the beaten path place a try!
It's a little cute place to take your date. I gave it three stars because it was very hard to find parking and the food was too sweet. We ordered the spicy papaya salad, yellow chicken curry, and the pineapple rice was too sweet. The food was mediocre and not exactly authentic Thai food.
Ordered with the friendly host a pad Thai with pork. Returned ten minutes later for my takeout order. I received a pad Thai with chicken when I returned they told me it was pork. I think I know he difference between pork and chicken. The host just seemed confused. I left won't be returning. It's a shame too, because the food isn't bad.
Meh. Generic little basic thai spot with nice decor.

Food wasn't bad, but not that great either. Tom Yum soup is okay, flavorful and a little sour with 3 pieces of shrimp. Green Papaya salad is a mix of raw green beans, lettuce, a few cubes of tomato, and sliced green papaya. It was sour, but not that great.

I had the cashew beef and my girlfriend had the green curry with beef. The rice was not the long grained thai rice. The beef was over cooked. The cashew beef flavor wasn't bad in a chinese restaurant sort of way. The green curry was slightly spicy and the beef was chewy, also in a bad chinese restaurant sort of way.

I wouldn't go back again.
My fellow foodie friend and I excitedly decided to check out Baan Thai this afternoon as we both love Thai food. 

I had the kim kri pao (sp): it was beef with green chili and sweet chili sauce and was noted as being one of the spiciest dishes on the menu. It wasn't super spicy, but I think this may have been a case of picking the wrong thing-my friend got the drunken noodles and enjoyed them a lot. 

Unfortunately, while good enough, it was particularly expensive at $13 for an entree for Saturday lunch. We found out later that the amazing lunch special is only available for weekdays-and you get a soup, appetizer and entree for under $10...for those prices I could definitely see myself going back often if I lived closer.

In terms of atmosphere, it was empty when we first came in and the decorations weren't particularly distinctive. The service was fine, taking a bit with our check, but our water was refilled on the regular.
Northern Liberties is one of my new favorite hang out spots in the city. If you follow any of my reviews you will know that I love Thai food. Baan Thai is tucked into one of the smaller streets in Northern Liberties, hidden from plain site. I wasn't sure what to expect as the food scene in Northern Liberties is rather new and diverse. 
 
The restaurant is much bigger than I thought. It looks small on the facade but is very spacious inside. My waitress was friendly and sweet, although her English was a bit hard to understand. I ordered the lunch special my first time here. It came with a salad with Thai peanut dressing, a cup of Tom Yum soup and Penang curry with steamed rice. The salad was fresh and the dressing creamy and delicious. Tom yum had great flavors, unlike some places where they are just sour. The Penang curry is a surprise hit for me. I usually get green or mussaman curry but I wanted to try something new. The curry was salty and sweet with a hint of tartiness from the lime leaf.

My second time around I had fried thai chicken appetizer. It is ground meat and mushrooms stuffed inside chicken drumsticks and deep fried. Oh man this was unique and additive. We also order beef sate with peanut dipping sauce. The beef was juicy and had great grill marks. For the entree we had Asian pork chops with rice. This dish is reminiscent of Vietnamese com tam. It is very good and on par with any Vietnamese pork chops on rice. The order came with 3 pieces, it filled me up.

Great service, spacious restaurant and amazing food in an awesome area. How can you beat that? If you are in Philly and wants to explore outside center city. Northern Liberties and Baan Thai is a great place to start.
The fastest and best Thai food around. It's insane how fast they deliver food. Sometimes within 20 minutes of ordering. Always fresh, always delicious.
For our date night, we were looking for a spot that's intimate, somewhat romantic, reasonably priced, and (most importantly) served good-tasting food. We found Baan Thai via Yelp. It seems most other reviewers were on-point! I highly recommend the duck salad, which is a non-obesity-sized portioned salad generously mixed with crispy duck, onions, tomatoes, mint, spinach, etc. Probably the most satisfyingly protein-rich salad I've had in a "nice" restaurant. Worth every penny of the $8. We also had the combination appetizer platter, which was tasty too. We washed it down with our own wine. Oh did I forget to mention that it's a BYOB? Glorious.

I was hoping to find their carousel of authentic Thai spices, but they didn't have it. The various sauces provided with our order were nice, but did not include anything hot, so I had to ask for hot sauce. They brought me a mild sauce. It was no good. I called some random waiter and insisted that he bring me back "authentic, original, real Thai hot sauce". He didn't understand much English, but he understood enough (based on my intense facial expressions, I suppose). He brought me something appropriately fiery. It wasn't what I'm accustomed to, but it was flavorful and fiery enough. We left a nice tip, because it was earned.

If you're looking for a place to "dress up and be seen" and to blow tons of cash on bland food for the privilege, Baan Thai is not for you. It's a family-friendly, mom-and-pop outfit, with decent decor, decent prices, great service, attentive wait-staff, lots of casual guests, and TASTY food. We plan to return to this hidden gem, because it deserves support, and I REALLY hope they don't sell out anytime soon.
Specifically asked for vegan food and the waitress said they can do, but the food smelt off. Turns out they don't make vegan food, the broth or sauce is chicken.
Great neighborhood BYOB. Highly recommend the Mo Yang! Ambiance leaves a bit to be desired but staff is very friendly and service is great. They have a few outdoor tables as well for when the weather is nice. The appetizer sampler is a cool way to try different Thai apps that we hadn't had before. Food is better than Circles in my opinion, making it my go-to Thai restaurant in Northern Liberties.
Wish I didn't have to pick a star to leave a review. Food was sub par. I ordered the spicy basil fried rice with veggies, it had a strong fish sauce smell. I asked the owner if it indeed had fish sauce, he said no, it was a lie. He was afraid I'd have him take my order back and have him make the fried rice without the fish sauce and hence said no. Won't go here again.
I didn't really like this place. The pad thai tasted like it had ketchup in it, and the fried appetizers were soggy and underwhelming. Granted, this was for a delivery order, but I would probably get Thai food somewhere else.
I have eaten here a few times and I will keep coming back! The fresh rolls appetizer is comparable to Vietnamese summer rolls, but they are larger and just as good. The crispy Tamarind duck is great,  the red curry is fantastic if you like a little kick. I have enjoyed everything I have gotten here, be it take out or dine in. The service is great and the atmosphere is nice.
I really liked this place. The food was good quality and tastes fresh. I liked the spices that they used, for example their yellow curry had  unique flavors that I had never tasted in other curries. The lunch specials come with a salad and choice of soup or appatizer for $9.95. The thai iced tea was $2.50. I would highly recommend Baan Thai!
Came for a pick up order for 8 people and they got everything right!!  That's easily an extra star right there.  We had a wide variety of foods, but I can only speak for the Red Curry with Chicken, and the Duck Salad.  The Red Curry had great flavor and ingredients (eggplant a plus!), but I wanted it to be spicier (I'll have to ask next time).  The Duck Salad was great!  Light and very tasty.  This place is much better than the more popular Circles, but I'm okay with less people coming here because it allows me to get all of the food to myself!
Small place, great Thai food.  Simple can of coke, Pad Thai with Flat Noodles as per my request - chicken skewers and peanut sauce.  My craving was filled.  The food here is consistent.
We have ordered out and eaten in. The noodles are always over cooked and meat tastes reheated. The shrimp they put in the soup is super tiny. I thought they forgot the shrimp in the soup until I got to the bottom and finally found them! We have given this place plenty of chances.
I enjoyed my dinner here! I always order green curry when I go to Thai restaurants and I was happy to find that the green curry at this establishment is plentiful and delicious. It has more of a coconut flavor than other places I have gone to, but it's still great!
My friend got the Pad See Yew and the noodles were springy and yummy. I would probably try them next time! 
My husband ordered the pork bbq dish. It was good as well!
I never really was very impressed with Sonata, so I was happy to see a new Thai restaurant open in its place.  Now we have TWO Thai places in Northern Liberties!  

Their hours are very accommodating - they are open until 11PM for dinner on a Sunday.  They also deliver.  The menu is extensive and the prices are good.

I got the spring rolls and the fried sweet potatoes to start.  The spring rolls were delicious, as well as the sauce that came with them.  The fried sweet potato slices were underwhelming.  They crispy breading was nice, but the potatoes were too hard and starchy and they also weren't very sweet.  Maybe they just weren't cooked long enough today?  My entree was the pineapple fried rice.  This was pretty tasty but the rice itself was a bit......mushy.  I could also have used a bit more spice.  

All in all I would order from Baan again and was happy with the service as well as the speed of delivery.
Although there was nothing at first that was "special" about this place, my husband and I had so much fun stopping in for lunch that we are definitely coming back. The service was wonderful, the establishment was clean and you can tell that they take care of their space, and the food was great. I especially liked that it was B.Y.O.B!!! We normally stop by ACME and pick up a beer or two to enjoy here while we have Thai lunch. Our favorite thing was the sticky rice and mango dessert.
Headed here with a large group of friends last night for the first time.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating.

The menu is pretty large, and everything was delicious!  Plenty of vegetarian options.  Generous portions, fresh ingredients.  Very reasonable prices.

I agree that this is not only cheaper than Circles, but also much more delicious!
I feel bad that I've been a loyal patron for a few years and haven't written a review. I had the opportunity to bring an out of town guest here on one occasion who had lived in Thailand for some time. His one sentence sums it up nicely..."This is pretty fricking authentic". Enough said.
Ordered takeout during the COVID-19 pandemic. It was fast, hot and delicious! 

Ordered the Pad See Ew, Drunken Noodle and coconut veggie soup. All with tofu.

Good flavors and food portions!
I have never had something here that did not indulge my taste buds. I love it! My favorite Thai place, hands down, in the Philadelphia area. 
Rad Nar and Moo Yang are my favorites. 
My mother loves the Pad Thai and Fried Rice dishes. 
My husband loves the duck dish and ALL the spicy dishes. 
This is my happy place that always hits the spot. 
And the service! It's nice to be at a place that also indulges a sense of humor.
Excellent food! I've been here a few times for lunch and ordered take out as well. The lunch special is an incredible value, although a ton of packaging. Eat in if you have the time. The dining atmosphere is cozy and the service is quick and pleasant.
After reading a review of this restaurant in one of the weekly newspapers, I decided to give this place a try and I had my dinner delivered.  The review matched the food and is the best Thai food I have had in Philly.  The Ped Yang, duck on bed of steamed vegetables was recommended in the review and it was excellent.  The duck was fresh, juicy and tasty on a bed of fresh steamed vegetables.  The dumplings were also recommended and I ordered the fried pork dumplings that were very crunchy on the outside and fresh and soft inside.   They delivered in less than 30 minutes.  I will be ordering from them again. yummmmmmy
Looks like a standard Thai restaurant but the food is definitely way better than most Thai restaurants! Very pleasantly surprised! Friendly service too.
Love Baan Thai! Great curries and great service. I have been here a handful time, dine in a long time ago, delivery a few months ago, and outdoor dining just the other day.

The service is great, the staff is lovely, and everything is delish. I recommend trying the penang curry and the pad thai. Everything was flavorful, fresh, and well made. 

They are taking the proper Covid restrictions so as long as the weather keeps I would recommend taking a trip to Baan Thai, and don't forget, it's BYOB!
Really solid food. Great flavors and options. Loved the Tom Kha soup and Lab Gai. The staff is super friendly and make you feel like you're getting a home-cooked meal. Definitely recommend trying this place out.
When I think about restaurants in Northern Liberties, Thai never really came to mind so I was excited to hear about Baan Thai. My boyfriend and I went for dinner and were happy with our experience. 

To be honest, there is nothing appealing about the outside so I wasn't expecting much. The inside however is very charming! The pretty decor and dim lighting make it good for a casual date night. 

The food was great! We got Steamed Pork Dumplings for our appetizer which were delicious and wonderfully presented. I'm usually all about taking pictures of my food, but I was way too hungry to take one before diving in!

For our meal we got Chicken Pad Thai and Kang Kio Wan which was a green curry and we chose to add shrimp. Although the Pad Thai was nothing to rave about, the green curry was a winner! It was quite a bit spicy (they gave it 3 stars on the menu as far as spiciness goes) so be warned if that is not for you. I would definitely order this again, but maybe with a meat instead of a seafood next time. 

The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the portion size. I do feel like it was a bit on the small side for an entree. Other than that, I'm glad we discovered Baan Thai and will definitely be returning!
I remember liking Baan Thai a lot when I visited the restaurant a few years ago so I decided to get it for delivery today and I was quite disappointed. The chicken Tom yam soup was good. My husband didn't like the Tom kha soup; he said it was missing a tang taste to it. It tasted like plain coconut milk to me but I don't usually get this soup so I don't recall what it's suppose taste like. The chicken pad thai was so disappointing. It was really bland. The tamarind duck was okay; the sauce is way too sweet. It would probably help if there was less sauce so the duck is not drenched in it.
Came here on Saturday night while wandering around the city. We were hungry so it was amazing that they were attentive and the food came quickly. The Golden Triangle tofu was soft yet also crispy. Came out hot which was perfect. The peanut sauce was so good I took heaps on my first triangle, which caused a problem for the later triangles haha. I ordered the Pad Prik Pow because of the baby corn, peppers, onion mushrooms and hot chili sauce. Really enjoyed the dish. Pretty nice sized portion with a mound of rice and the sautéed mixture on the side. The location of the restaurant was nice and the service was very good. Would recommend going!
Some of the best Thai food in Philadelphia I think I well be coming back real soon for the money bags and the hazelnut chocolate ice cream cake was talking to me and I have to say it was Pleasant conversation and the service exquisite
