Bai Wei is the successor to Sakura Mandarin at the corner of 11th & Race in Chinatown, Philadelphia. Same ownership. Renovated and expanded dining room. Where the focus was formerly on excellent xiao long bao and other Shanghai delights, it has now expanded to include a strong taste of Szechuan and Hunan pepper and black bean hot dishes. I quite liked the old house, and returned late last week to see what the newly imagined kitchen held in store.

From our exploration of the two dishes we ordered, it would appear Bai Wei (many tastes) has it going on.  Their takes on crispy spicy chicken and cumin lamb dry pot were excellent. The chicken was loaded with red Szechuan peppers and small morsels of deep fried chicken. Enough to give our tongues a sincere capcesin workout and loosen our sinuses; stopping just short of bringing on tears. Completely addictive. The lamb, tender in a mix of chopped onion and more peppers and overwhelmed with a dusting of coarse cumin seed. Delicious. About as good as the best Szechuanese bowls I've found in the USA.

The only downside was the continuing attempt by the staff at up selling our order. We were repeatedly asked about appetizers, drinks and rice - even after we declined multiple times. Sure, they want more money per customer, but it became excessive and annoying. 

But for that weird dynamic, we thoroughly enjoyed the meal. Just train your servers to accept the customer's wishes and you have a winner.
We've passed Bai Wei/Sakura hundreds of times and never wanted to check it out. This last weekend though, we decided to give it a shot.

Sadly, our preconceived notions of the restaurant was confirmed. Subpar food at high prices. We ordered the marinated duck, the House Special Spicy bowl and the mushroom dry pot.

The food was bland and the portions were on the smaller side for the prices they were charging. I was also annoyed that there were no variety in the mushroom dry pot. There was only one type of mushrooms stir fried, and not the quality kind.

On top of that, you have to pay for rice?!?!? Never have I eaten in a restaurant in Chinatown where I have to pay for rice. Rice is  FREE when you buy dinner from a restaurant!

Do yourself a favor and skip this place. There are plenty of better options not far from Bai Wei.
We were in Chinatown on a cold December Friday night. There must have been a convention going on as everywhere was packed. We tried Bonchon but that was over an hour wait for a table. When we walked by Bai Wei, the line was not too long and we were told a 10 minute wait for a table. No brainer.

Bai Wei was true to its word and we were seated in less then 10 minutes. The new interior is sophisticated and hip and seems to be the way Chinatown is moving these days. We started with soup dumplings and we all agreed these were very good and up there with DSG and Shanghai#1. We had the Dan Dan noodles and a fish stew dish also. Both were tasty and brought the heat. The fish was was very tender and deboned. The wait staff was both friendly and attentive.

I liked Bai Wei, it is another option for us in Chinatown. The problem is there are so many new and cool restaurants popping up down here, it may be difficult to get back soon.

3.75 Yelp stars
Went for Christmas dinner! I liked it quite a bit. Cash only , big menu. Modernist looking for Chinatown. We ordered everything. Soup dumplings were quality. Two others were good. Scallion pancake great , chive pretty good. Two noodle dishes were solid. Dan Dan and pan fried. Many more dishes. Good tea selection. Service was a bit scattered. But friendly. It will go on the rotation.
I really enjoyed bai wei! First things first, the interior of this restaurant is very clean and modern. The menu is a little pricier than what you usually see around Chinatown but for the atmosphere it's worth it! I got to try out the black truffle soup dumplings which were alright but cool to try. We also sampled the tangerine cheese cake and mango mousse cake. The mango cake was really great and unique but the tangerine cheesecake was not as great. I definitely think this place is worth checking out!
I love the fact that Chinatown Philly is updating the dining scene with new regional Chinese cuisine-- the menu here has some interesting dishes. 

I started with rose tea with foam. I'm not sure how they make their tea, but it was really really strong rose flavor--very unpleasant because it didn't taste natural. It tasted like potpourri. I had to add water to make it enjoyable. Rose tea should have a nice smooth rose flavor!!! 

Soup dumplings. I normally don't order this and restaurants that don't specialize in it. The crab and pork ones were cheap so I tried it out. These were ok. Good amount of crab compared to other places. The soup wasn't too flavorful and the dumpling skin was somewhat thick. 

I ordered a noodle with pork sauce. Sometimes this dish gets bad translations so you might get something different than expected... This was one of the times. I thought it would be Zha Jiang Mian, but I think they served me Dan Dan noodles. It had a strong sesame seed/peanut taste so that's why I think it was Dan Dan noodles. Portion was good, but if this was considered Dan Dan noodles, it lacked flavor. 

Ordered a fried chicken with chili. I forget the name. This was pretty good. I would order this again. 
 
Food took awhile which was fine bc it was soft opening. The soup dumplings I figure would take the longest but that came out first. The noodles took a long time to come out, so that's why I think they served me Dan Dan noodles and not Zha Jiang Mian. However, if I'm wrong, please let me know! 

On food and service, I would rate it 3 stars. It was just ok. Im talking away 1 star for something that shouldn't have happened. 

The restaurant had about 6 tables full. A server was moving plates/napkin/chopsticks to make room for another table. She DROPS the chopsticks on the floor. She picks it up and places it back on the table. .  

I'm Asian so I'm not usually bothered by this stuff but for a new restaurant to do this IN FRONT of people eating is not good. If we were in Asia, that's culturally acceptable, but in America, we should have better standards. I'm stating this so the owner can train the staff better. 

I'll visit again, bc they had some interesting looking dishes that other restaurants don't have.
Be wary of the 5 star reviews written by accounts with zero friends.

I am very disappointed at both the service and food here. My server did not bring us water until I asked again and then they only brought one glass for the entire table. 

The food here is pretty bad as it is now run by a pasty chef. 

Don't be fooled by the new fancy decor. The food is anything but fancy. They should have funneled the money into hiring better chefs. 

We ordered the beef pancake, chili chicken, and Shanghai udon with pork. The beef pancake was sliced beef on white bread. The chili chicken was chilled and served in a warm soup, very spicy but why the heck was the chicken ice cold? The Shanghai udon was overly sweet and salty. No good. 

This place is cash only. I won't be back.
It's a decent option in Chinatown if you are looking for a "generalist" type fare as they serve Szechuan, Shanghai, Taiwan, and some Cantonese dishes.  I would say that the quality is just okay.  The variety is the draw here and they also offer a 10% Yelp check-in offer.  The staff are fiendly but they seem very rushed as it was quite busy and there were only 2-3 waiters in the entire restaurant serving all the tables and taking takeout orders as well. 

Cash and Venmo only!

A recap of the dishes:
1. Sweet osmanthus and sesame mochi dumpling soup: This was perfectly light, sweet, and refreshing with thin shreds of osmanthus and egg whites.  The dumplings were fluffy and filled with sesame.  They are smaller than normal but each was  perfectly balanced bite of filling to shell.
2. Crabmeat and pork soup dumplings: These were kind of meh with a thick shell and barely any soup and filling.  Maybe it was an off-day but I would suggest the other pan-fried options instead.
3. Pan Fried buns: These were better than the soup dumplings but the filling was pretty sparse and definitely could have been more generous in portion.  4. Pan fried dumplings: These were solid with a plump, juicy filling and nicely crispy pan fried shell.
5. Chive buns: Nice nd crispy with a flavorful egg and chive filling.  The only thing that would have made them better would have been some vemicelli inside but pretty solid overall.
6. Stir-fried clams: Pretty flavorful clams albeit small ones.  It's a bit on the salty side but still pretty solid.
7. Plum spare ribs: Fried sweet spareribs with sweet plums.  Overall, a nice appetizer-sized option (the ribs are small).  The meat is flavorful and pretty tender but the dish itself is not very filling so this is more of a starter vs an actual main entree.
8. Seafood tofu casserole: Mostly light silkn tofu with 3 prawns, some fishballs, and 3 pieces of surimi.  This is very light but the seafood portion was tiny.  The nice part is that it isn't oily at all but it's definitely not your traditional seafood hot pot.
9. Seafood udon: Stir fried udon with seafood in a traditional brown oyster-soy.  This was pretty standard but it was branded as a Shanghai stir fried thick noodle and it resembled more of a Japanese stir-fried udon.  It was just okay but a bit salty.
10. Marinated sliced roast beef: This was just okay.  The beef was tender but slightly dry and didn't have that sweet and savaory marinade that is the hallmark of the 5-spice Shanghainese beef.
11. Seasonal stir-fried vegetables: This was light and refeshing and surprisngly one of the best dishes with sliced lotus, cauliflower, broccoli, snow peas, mushrooms, woodear, carrots, and asparagus.  There was just a very slight coagulation of the corn starch thickener on some pieces but they were very busy tonight and likely understaffed in the kitchen so they were likely making this in a rush.
Recommended by a local friend and apparently it is one of her favorite restaurants in Chinatown, now it may be my favorite Chinese restaurant in Philly as well! Being a Chinese from Baltimore I am so jealous of the peps in Philly...
The food is authentic. Even the menu is authentically Chinese, you see, it is important to have pictures that go with the name of the item, so anybody can order straight by pointing at the pictures. I am 100% sure their menu will be helpful for the non-Chinese speaking diners.
We ordered a steamed sea bass with peppers, beef stew with dry bean curds in a casserole, and hot and sour rice noodles. Really love the fish, very tender and fresh, the peppers that go with the fish are so tasty... 
Not a fan of dry bean curds but the beef stew was really good. The hot and sour rice noodles should not be called 酸辣粉 in Chinese, better be 酸辣米粉 since the default idea is the transparent starch noodles instead of rice noodles, but the rice noodles turned out to be too good to be complained: smooth, tender, seem to be fresh-made.
The only pain is that now they only accept cash/Venmo --which is a bummer since who would carry 50-100 dollar cash nowadays! If you only expect your customers to spend 10/pp then it is fine, but here is more like at least 20-30/pp. Hopefully they can get their credit card system ready soon.
This restaurant used to be Sakura Mandarin but just underwent renovations. I've been to Sakura a few times before so I was excited to check this place out once it reopened.
The interior is totally revamped with a new drink/dessert menu but I can't say that I was impressed by the food. We ordered the chili pepper chicken off the specials and the flavor was overpoweringly spicy with no complexity. It was definitely not worth the price it was billed. The beef pancake appetizer was not what I expected. Instead of scallion pancake around the beef it was literally a patty bun. The stir fried udon with pork was also lackluster.
I was honestly disappointed by the whole meal. Plus it's cash only. There are way better options for eating out in Chinatown.
Clean spot, fast service, and tons of ways to pay: cash, card, Venmo, Alipay. Dim sum was good and a good option compared to some of the more popular and overhyped spots here in China Town.
Bai Wei is not my cup of tea. We stepped in the restaurant and before anything else was said, some teenager abruptly said to us "cash and Venmo only". We already knew that from the paper sign scotch taped to the front door.

Service was slow and seemed more interested in flirting with young female customers than serving food. When we sat down some guy came over to us and said "hello" unenthusiastically. He didn't say anything else. We said hi back and it was a little awkward until my girlfriend said we would like some water. 

We ordered dim sum and scallion pancakes that were recommended by the server. Dim sum is supposed to be ready to go when you order it but we waited like twenty minutes for it. They brought out what appeared to be Worcester sauce and ginger immediately but nothing else for a while. The food was just okay. The pancakes were pretty greasy and not very good. Dim sum was really hot but at least it wasn't bad. The menu was pretty expensive for what it was. Entrees priced around $16. If they were as good as everything else, definitely not worth the money.

It got pretty crowded and loud so we paid and left. I wouldn't go back here unless I was really really hungry and there was nothing else open.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this restaurant with a perfect combination of my 2 favorites, dim sum and Sichuan cuisine. The inside looked very clean and modern, especially for a place in Chinatown. We ordered soup dumplings, spicy fried fish, and the dan dan noodles. The spicy fried fish was so crispy and fresh, I can't wait to order it again!
Great selection of food. Very authentic .

Had this Crab Soup Dumpling, cost reasonably, and ready as good as the ones in PRC.
I love nearly everything on their menu... and by this point I've nearly had everything on the menu!  I usually visit with a friend or two, but finally attended with a small crowd this weekend.  After another excellent experience, I wanted to get a review in.

Bai Wei offers a selection of Szechuan and Dim Sum.  While the dumpling and dim sum selection is limited, what they have is amazing.  Of course I'm going to tell you to get the crab and pork soup dumplings!

On the Szechuan side, you have all sorts of dry pot, stir fry, and pepper based dishes.  My top recommendation is the Lamb (or Beef) Cilantro. It was a hit for our group of six this weekend.  A dish I was surprised I loved so much was their assorted mushrooms.  The cumin dry pot is tasty and not as spicy as I suspected it would be and the eggplant is another solid order, especially for vegetarians. 

Service is polite and quick.  Since Bai Wei is also a BYO, they won't rush you out as you relax to finish whatever it is that we brought.  Worth noting, they only accept cash or venmo!
This restaurant is wonderful!

My friend and I came hungry and we're glad we did!

We had every dish to share, starting with chili oil wontons and soup dumplings. Yum! Then we shared a stir fry pot; you get to choose the main ingredients and we used everything we were craving from octopus to beef. 

Highly recommend! Would come again!
First trip to Bai Wei yesterday was a success! Went with two friends and shared 6 different dishes - all of which were delicious. Highlights were the black truffle vegetable fried rice and cumin beef steam buns. Pork soup dumplings were good as well, but not as good as the soup dumplings at Dim Sum Garden. Overall, very good experience. I would recommend to others!
Came on Saturday night around 7 pm. I have to wait about half hour. So maybe next time, you need to do reservation first.

I'm not so sure what did we order, because my friend who made all the order for us. And he is speakin Chinese which I'm fully not understand. However the food came great and looks appetizing. The pork with soy sauce was not bad but need more cook to make it tender. I love the fish soup with the veggie. Dumpling soups is good too. We will be back
My friend and her boyfriend claim they visit here twice every weekend so I had to give it a try. Situated on the outskirts of philly chinatown, I completely missed this location the past times I visited Philly . 

We got the sizzling Japanese tofu with shrimp, beef in spicy chili sauce, and the chinese water spinach. Let's say I now see the reason why they like this place so much.

First of all I have not yet found any other place that serves Japanese tofu in either Philly or DC, and it was one of my favorite childhood dish. Seeing the sizzling Japanese tofu on the menu already hyped me up, and I was definitely not disappointed by the taste of it either. It definitely brought back memories of when I had this in China.

The beef in spicy chili sauce was perfectly within my spice tolerance range. The beef slices were really tender and easy to chew, and the flavor of the sauce really seeped in as well. I even enjoyed eating the bean sprouts on the bottom. Personally I do wish this dish was less salty, especially for this genre of Sichuan spice dish. 

The competition for authentic chinese food in Philly Chinatown is fierce, but I would still recommend giving it a try. It definitely checked all the checkmarks for a tasty Sichuan meal for me.
Bai Wei, previously Sakura popped up as one of the RESTAURANT WEEK options this winter. Bai Wei's restaurant week menu offered three courses plus dessert but we decided to order a la carte. The appetizers - pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, chicken in diced red pepper, the typical Chinese staples were decent, nothing out of the ordinary but the entrees truly sets them apart from other Chinatown haunts. With a terrific range of options, we got to experience a great range of Chinese food from Shanghai to Sichuan and more. 

The fish filet with peppercorn was one of the best fish dishes I've had in a while. The smelly pot with chicken and sichuan sauce scores high on presentation and taste.  The dish has 'smelly' tofu, hence the name. You can choose to order this with less spicy sauces if you have a low tolerance for spice. The Japanese tofu and shrimp is another standout. The food is authentic, there are dozens of options, the portion sizes are huge and the experience in the end was very gratifying. The service was not quite at the same level but on this day, thus turned out to be a minor glitch in a hugely satisfying experience.
This has become a take out staple for me. 
The scallion pancakes are a must. The crispy and spicy fish filet still show up at my house mostly crispy.  It's got that nice numb at the end spice!
The soup dumplings, while tasty, tend to travel less well. 
The beef and bean curd casserole was overly greasy but the flavors are amazing.

Definitely give this place a try.
Upscale Asian eatery.  Pleasant staff.  Greeted and seated immediately.  Nice decor and clean place.  Ordered beverages of Diet Coke, coconut mango drink and mango lychee drink.  Tasty and pretty.  We ordered the walnut shrimp, pork wonton, pan fried pork dumplings, fried rice and fried seafood noodles.  Everything came quickly and looked great.  Food was delicious.  We had leftovers.  Parking lots and some street parking in the area.
Very nice decor and modern. It's defiantly a place that you can't miss as you walk around Chinatown. The staff are attentive and the food comes out in a reasonable time.

When you order food from here I feel like it could be very much a miss or hit depending on your palate. The shrimp, double cooked pork, and dumplings were amazing! Savory with just the right amount of sauce to not overpower or make the food slimy. The stir fried radish with egg can be a pretty big miss for some. They use the yolk of salted eggs to make it creating a very meat and savory flavor with a slight gritty texture.

Overall for me it was a decent meal. Very filling and lots of food. The price wasn't too bad either. A great place to come and try out once in a while.
Bai Wei stands in the place of the former Sakura, at the corner of 11th and Race. I came by Bai Wei after the line at Dim Sum Garden was too long for my group, and we were seeking other options for soup dumplings on a Saturday night. I was pleasantly surprised by my experience! Bai Wei has upgraded from the previous decor, with modern light installations and beautiful ceramic bowls lining the walls. The wait for our group of 10 was less than 30 minutes at prime dinner time on a weekend. We ordered $120 of food, which was more than enough for us all to feel stuffed. The standouts were the scallion pancakes, which were buttery and flaky, as well as the house special with pork, egg, and vegetables. I will say that the soup dumplings are not the best in the Chinatown. They broke easily, and the meat was not as flavorful as I would have liked. The fried soup dumplings had no soup inside, which was also disappointing. However, the service was decent, although we were seated at the same time as another large group, so it took a while for all of the food to come out. BYO, so bring beer or wine! They accept venmo (1 transaction per table) and cash only. Overall, worth adding to the rotation for a meal in Chinatown!
I came in last week with two friends. We order three entrees and a few appetizers to share. One of our appetizers was never came. When we ask our waitress about it. She told us she would check on it. Straight face. Not apologetic. And guess what? She never came back. We waited for another 15 minutes and had to wave her down. The she told us our missing appetizer was coming up. At this point, we told her we didn't want it anymore. She then said we couldn't cancel because they already started making it. And yes, the appetizer was on our bill at the end. We were all pissed. The food is either too salty or too spicy anyway. Won't go back.
Update: we saw the same guy again, but he is not waiting our table this time. He seems to be a lot better than we last saw him. I decided to give it 5 stars for his improvement :) 


We have been here before they changed the name to Bai Wei. We usually have fairly good customer service, and the wait staff are attentive. However, we just had one of the worst services today. We came in when the restaurant was completely empty. The waiters were just standing around and chatting. It took them 10 minutes to notice us, and we had to ask for the water. After they brought the food, our waiter never came back again. I'm not sure if he is just young or lack theexperience, but if you have the time to stand there and stare into space the whole time, I'm sure you can spare one minute to ask us if we need anything just once. My boyfriend and I are generous tippers but not this time.
We went there on a Sunday at around 1:00 for lunch and it was super busy but for a party of two it was a 15 minute wait so that's not bad. 

The service was pretty slow but I'm guessing that because it was just so busy. 

The food was pretty decent. I really enjoyed the steamed dumplings and the scallion pancake. The chive pancake was good but not great. I have to say that anything that was fried was EXTREMELY greasy. Beware of that. Towards then end of our feast it became a bit much. The crispy fried fish was good too but I wouldn't order it again.
I ordered the special dish, spicy stinky pot with beef, last night. As a Chongqinger, growing up eating spicy food, I'm a really picky person on spicy food. But this dish really surprised me! I really love it! People should definitely order one to try! I think the spicy flavor is the best, if you really can't eat spicy food, just tell them to make it less spicy. 

Otherwise, since Sakura changed to Bai Wei, they don't have the sushi bar anymore, but I didn't concentrate on that before. However, they redesigned the restaurant to a more modern style and added more traditional Chinese food with special drinks and French style desserts. I especially love the Triple Chocolate, Matcha Mousse and Cheese Sea Salt Foam series drinks. I will come back to try more foods here!

The last but not the least is that they still have the spicy dry pot! That was my favorite before! Come to check out. By the way, the servers are really nice and care about customers, the manager will also come to greet, just feel free to provide any suggestions.
Been here many times when they were Sakura and then few times as Bai Wei. Seems like the food similar for the most part. The scallion pancake is usually buttery but wasn't today but still good. I like the texture of their scallion pancake, not too thick either. The pork soup dumplings are are good. The skin is a bit thicker than before but best in the area for now. Tried the spicy soup today for the first time, pretty good. 
Decor is light colored. Reminds me of a beach spot. Large painting of a an Asian couple having tea as the backdrop. Some booth seating. 

Only accepts cash, Alipay or Venmo. I actually like that they accept Venmo, wish other places did this too. ATM available in house.
Reservation for 14 people - we were in town for the Midnight Lion Dance, everything was fantastic. We brought many bottles of wine (and baijiu) - glasses and teacups were provided as soon as we sat. We put in 10 orders of soup dumplings right off the bat, of which were brought out in time for us to put in a large food order. We ordered multiple orders of scallion beef, kung pao chicken, bao buns, truffle beef fried rice, rock shrimp, pork belly. All excellent.  Our servers were fantastic. We had a great night! Cash only - but you can pay via Venmo, we've been there before so it was as expected.
One of my friends recommended this place for me! Overall, I think the food was good and the service was great! One of the good things is that they accept venmo, which is really great and handy! I had their mushroom dry pot which was so flavorful! However, I wasnt too impressed with flavor of the lo mein. Apart from that I loved their drinks and desserts!
YOU HAVE TO GO HERE!!!!! Find a parking spot in one of the many lots in China town and walk, no RUN here because I am telling you, you will NOT regret it. They only accept cash, venom, or cash app but honestly once you have the food you will not care! Where to start! You have to make a reservation if you do not want to wait because it seems like everyone knows how good their food is, but trust me, its totally worth the wait! We have gone here 3 times in the same week because we (my fiancé and I) could not stop thinking about how amazing the food was. And also I was 5-6 months pregnant so that also was a factor ;) We start with the soup, and it was truly the best I have ever had. You can tell that it is fresh and they make the dumplings there because they do not taste like your typical around the corner ingredients. Next up we did the fried dumplings and again, WOW! They were soooo good we ordered a second round. For dinner we had the Truffle beef fried rice and when I tell you I dream about this rice and my mouth waters, I am not joking. I can honestly say that this is the best fried rice I have ever had. We have also tried a few of the sides, but we just kept going back to the rice. The first time there was after the auto show and my fiancé ordered the sweet and sour chicken which was also really good. You could tell they batter the chicken there and it is not frozen which is really important. The prices are NOT that bad, I am not sure what other reviewers are talking about. Other places in china town have cheaper menus because you can taste that they use frozen food. Bai Wei does not and it shows! We were so happy and delighted with everything we ordered I can not wait to go back again soon! You HAVE to go! And don't forget about their desserts. I can promise you wont have room left, but make sure you get one to go! And if you're as hooked to the candies you get after your meal like I was, they are guava and you can get an entire bag of them across the street for less than $2! This is totally my favorite restaurant in China Town! Hands down!
I give it my highest recommendation. The food and service were top notch. Still cash only. Well worth that inconvenience.  Some of the very best Asian food I have ever had.
Originally the Sakura restaurant, same location with an updated menu.

We had an take out order.  Overall taste is good on couple of them and average for the rest.  They don't accept credit cards, so cash (or some Chinese payment like wechat pay, etc).  One of the fish dish we ordered looks like an appetizer size, the container is only like half full.  And even though we ordered 6 full dishes, there is no white rice; the server told me they never include rice (unless you pay for it); this is kind of strange, I haven't been to any Chinese restaurant that does that.  

On the pro side, the service is pretty fast; my order is ready within 20 minutes and they texted me to pick up.
Place was super busy but the staff were really friendly and helpful! Soup dumplings were ridiculous!! Wontons in chili oil were great First time I had a scallion pancake and was delicious. My non-adventurous friends from out of town loved it as well. Will definitely be coming back.
The food is much worse than previous Sakura. The service is terrible. They don't care much about the customers, but just chat with each other. You have to ask a few times for water. At least 20 min each dish. Furthermore, one order is totally forgotten.... Don't order noddles. Super bad quality. Can't believe Chinatown has so bad noddle. Miss Sakura very much!
"Good things come to those who wait" (so they say). Bai Wei has been saved in my collections for a while now & I'm glad to say I finally made my way here (though it wasn't planned)!

Arrived shortly before closing and although you can tell they were preparing for that, the waiter was super nice and took his time attending to my guest & I. 

We ordered the Shrimp & Vegetables dumplings along with two separate orders of fried rice. Even though I am not a beef fried rice fan, I decided to try their Beef Fried Rice with Black Truffle. TBH! The idea of truffle in fried rice did not sound all that appealing, but since the waiter recommended it I decided to go with his suggestion. Thank God! Because, WOW! I have never had anything like it. If you ever get a chance to visit Ba Wei, I would highly suggest trying this dish out. 
The dumplings were also pretty good. 

Fairly priced, located in Chinatown and the decor is super chic and modern. Would definitely recommend (However, bring cash because they were not taking cards at the time.)
This is a great lunch spot with quick service and tasty soup dumplings! Just one star short of five because the pork inside the pork soup dumplings were a tad bit undercooked. The crabmeat dumplings were excellent though. I don't know exactly what kind of sauce is given to use with the soup dumpling, but it has a nice citrus taste to it (reminded me a lot of Japanese ponzu).
The food is decent here, I have been wanting to try this place out for a while now since I have always walked past it. I was told that the soup dumplings would take about 20 minutes to come out but it came out pretty quick! The service is good. The spicy beef noodle soup was not spicy at all which made me a little sad, but it was still good. 

Overall the experience was decent, nothing too special, maybe it's because I came in about 40 minutes before closing. But the interior is beautiful, it's clean and very modern looking, it is also very spacious inside.
From the outside this place looked awesome - the decor was nice and the place looked very clean. First thing I noticed on the door was the picture of their black truffle soup dumplings and I knew immediately I had to try it.

My friend and I ordered the pork wontons in chili oil as well as the black truffle pork soup dumplings. The pork wontons in chili oil might've been the worst dish I've ever had - there was barely any meat filling - the actual meat filling was loose and bland. The chili oil sauce was bad as well, lacked flavor and spicy kick. Very disappointing.

The only reason I'm not giving this place a 1 star is because the soup dumplings were decent. Not good, but very mediocre. Hope to see the food here improve in the future.
Good portion size and nice price. Waiters are nice as well. The most importantly Food is great!
This place reminds me of Trader Joe's. On the packaging of the tj toilet paper, there's a cartoon where a man says, "if you like the brisket you should try the toilet paper!" Well if you liked the toilet paper you should look no further. It is the blandest and most tasteless Chinese food we have ever had. We went because we wanted something flavorful, and came out with sinking feelings. To make things worse, the meal of two courses cost more than 50. To pile on top of that, it was cash only. 

Miss the old Sakura. It was not the tastiest but it offered good value. The updated interior is welcome, but does not make up for the quality of the food.

The dishes looked nice, though
One of my favorite Chinese restaurant in the Philly area. They have a very modern-esque vibe to the place and there's plenty of seating. The only thing that some people may not like is that they only accept cash, venmo or alipay. For me it's never been an issue, because I am a big venmo person, but this may be a turn off for some. 

I have been to Bai Wei several times at this point and I have never ordered anything that I have disliked. The food always comes out hot and fresh and this is also one of the places I always bring friends to if they've never tried "real Asian" food before. 

Service has always been pretty good, however nothing too memorable. I have always had speedy and good service while I have eaten here. I also like how they partner up with A La Mousse for their desserts, you can sometimes see the desserts at the counter window, but if they don't have what you want A La Mousse is right around the corner not even a minute walk away.
Amazingly high quality Chinese food. My friends and I visited here during Lunar New Year weekend, and it was a great choice. Loved the vegetarian dishes like eggplant and string beans. The beef soup had really good glass noodles which a great spice kick in the soup. The chicken was also quite spicy (make sure you don't accidentally eat the peppers if you have a low spice tolerance!!!) We also ordered the thousand year egg, which came with eggplant. It was fun to mash it-they give you a pestle to mix the ingredients of the egg, eggplant and sauce together. That was probably my favorite dish because it was so rich with flavor. It's the move to eat family style eating here because the portions are so large, and you can try out all the various dishes they offer. The menu is large so try not be too overwhelmed. OH AND THEY DO NOT TAKE CARD- cash, venmo, and wechat pay are available.
Delicious!!! The restaurant was super clean and my gf and I were seated immediately, which was nice given it was a busy summer Saturday night. We shared a pot of the red tea and would definitely get it again. We also got the spicy diced chicken, green beans, and rice. All was super tasty and high quality! The servers were friendly, helpful, and attentive. Would highly recommend
Great staff. Authentic food. AND a 10% discount for checking in on Yelp? I call that a triple threat. They were so kind and let us stay even past their open hours until they really really needed to close out. I can't recommend this place enough. Go for a nice family style meal and try as many dishes as you can!
I went with about 25 people for a club event and they accommodated us in their back room. The service was excellent and the food was abundant. Preferred a little bit more flavor but everything was very good and I will definitely go back. Again everyone there was super nice.
I love love love this place! They have the best shrimp fried rice in the city. Everything I get from here is always tasty. Soup dumplings are delicious as well. I try to try something new every time i come here. I definitely recommend it! Lunch, dinner, with family, friends or by yourself!
Walked by the restaurant and decided to stop in. Inside is absolutely gorgeous, extremely clean, and has a great atmosphere. The service was extremely quick and friendly. The food was absolutely phenomenal and I strongly recommend the soup dumplings.
Tldr; a mid-priced comprehensive Chinese restaurant with decent food. Cash only, which is a little annoying if you are with a large group. 

I have no complaints with this restaurant. The restaurant was recently renovated and has a modern interior with lots of white and dark wood finishes. You can get entrees starting from approx $11 and all the way to 30's (for seafood, hot pot, etc). Service was pleasant and efficient and speak both English and Chinese. I ordered the chili oil dumplings and they were delicious! I also recommend the mango dessert, just for the cute factor.
We only visited for a pit stop of soup dumplings and beef pan fried dumplings.  These were both fresh and good but not the best I have ever had.  Pricing was great service was quick.  I'd love to go back and try more of their food!  I would recommend it!
Ordered takeout from Bai Wei tonight. First time I've ordered from here and was really happy I did. Went with the General Tso, Chicken Pad Thai, Pork Fried Rice, Scallion Pancake, and Spring Rolls. Everything was awesome! Scallion Pancake was the highlight for me...love those suckers! Pork Fried Rice was awesome as well. Will be ordering from here again.
This is by far one of the best Chinese restaurants that I've been to in the area. We had the dry pot, soup dumplings, and cauliflower dish. They have a decent menu to pick from. They also sale a la mousse bakery and king fu tea there too. Makes you think if the owners are related... I like the easily payment system, it's like how China with WeChat. Next Tim I'll be back for other dish.
Excellent takeout, inspired by Craig Laban's Instagram on Christmas. Got the assorted mushrooms dry pot (cut the heat on everything else and really good), diced chicken with hot pepper, and shredded pork in garlic sauce (which comes with a different kind of mushroom). Plenty for 2; only didn't realize I needed to order rice separately.
---SAFETY CONCERN---
 There is a huge fly in fried chicken wings.  Gross... 

Customer care was like hell. No apologies from the business. 

Terrible experience
I came here with my family for dinner. 
The food was incredible, the fish and pork are so delicious. We enjoyed the atmosphere a lot. The decoration in this place is very stylish and very clean.  The service is great, the waiters are very helpful and friendly. They always come checking on us at the right time and all smiling.  We had a great time!
Good food and I like them more after the remodeling. For us, their food seem to be on the spicy and oily side. But we can always ask for less spicy and less oil.
I enjoyed eating at Bai Wei. I came here late around 930 pm on a friday. The beef tendon and tripe was a very tasty appetizer and so were the crab soup dumplings. The waiter also recommended the whole tilapia with peppercorn which came as a fish soup in a chicken broth that was sour and spicy. I didn't like the sour notes initially but The dish grew on me. The soup portion was big and i enjoyed the leftovers for days. The brown sugar lychee drink was pleasant.
Food taste good but no credit card is really a pain if you're not prepared. Nice environment and good service.
This place was called Sakura before and wanted to try the bai weei food. The quality of the food anD the service is good. Tried their soup dumpling, dry pot and the dessert. Not the fan of their dessert but enjoyed the food.
Bit early for me to review as I've only been once. Had soup dumplings (step below Dim Sum Garden, but still can easily recommend) as well as chicken in garlic sauce (really good). Food seems authentic, service is relatively friendly for Chinatown. Have to try more of the menu before I evaluate in more detail.
MUST ORDER!!! Xiang style Chicken!!! And BrMao's Braised pork!!! And get two ice water or any drink with cheese mike foam drink!! Addition: eat your rice with the Xiang style chicken! Then your life fulfilled!
My family was visiting from Michigan, and I really wanted them to experience the magic that is Chinatown. Our original plan was to go to Dim Sum Garden, but as you might guess, it was packed and the line was insane. I had passed Bai Wei a few times before and was intrigued by their beautiful interior filled with happy looking customers, so we decided to give it a try. Currently, it's cash and Venmo only, which is perfectly fine because they have an ATM at the front. We were seated immediately and the waiter, who was such a sweetheart, suggested a delicious tea, the name of which escapes me now (sorry!). We ordered A LOT of food, and the dishes came out in a timely manner. The crab and pork soup dumplings, in my humble opinion, were better than Dim Sum Garden (*GASP*). In fact, all the food was delicious. So, without further ado, I'll let the pictures do the talking.
Amazing pickled cabbage fish. Service is amazing and the decor is very chic! Just remember, cash only.
Bai wei has a great and really slick interior design, the artwork you see when you come into the door is wonderful and eyegazing. The furniture placement is delightful and the chairs are comfortable, table has a great amount of arm space. Food and drinks are delightful and delicious. Bai Wei is definitely a late night restaurant to eat at and the cakes they provide from Ala mousse is easy on the eye and has great structure on each cake, near to perfection if i must say.
One of our new favorite dim-sum spots!!

The boyfriend and I traveled into the city for Comic Con....Walked into Chinatown for some good eats--short walk from the Convention Center, and a short 5 minute walk back to Jefferson Station to catch the train home. This place came recommended to us by good friends, and it did not disappoint! 
We arrived and there was a short line..about a 10-minute wait. Hostess was kind and handed us a buzzer/beeper.  Informed us that they only accepted cash or Venmo payment. 
Only frustrating thing about our visit was that it took our waiter a little while to take our drink and food order. But other than that, the service was friendly and prompt.  
Scallion Pancakes--YUM! Crispy and light.  Delicious dipping sauce that we used for the soup dumplings. 
Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings--Delicious! Watch out, they came out SUPER hot.  I didn't care for the dipping sauce--too much vinegar for my taste buds. 
Spicy Stir Fry Pot-- The boyfriend loved this! Ordered this as "regular" spicy: flavorful;  he expected  it to be a little spicier, which turned out to be the perfect level of spicy for me to enjoy as well. 
Drunken Noodle with Beef-- Good, solid drunken noodle dish. 
Diced Chicken with Hot Peppers-- This was my personal favorite. I did ask our server to take it to a milder spice level...I will definitely be back for this dish!!

We will absolutely be back!!
Best Chinese food I've ever had in any Chinatown I've visited quite frankly. I went there 3 days in a row bc I loved their food so much and tried as many different items as I could. The Black Truffle dumplings are amazing as is the Eggplant and Preserved eggs dish. Honestly nothing here that I tried disappointed me. I only wish they were just a little faster in making the food. But I will say it was worth the wait!
Food was delicious! Service was good! They only take cash, Venmo and Alipay tho. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
Indoor dining opened up yesterday at 25% capacity and it was my FIL's birthday today so perfect timing. First time dining out since pre-covid and this restaurant made us feel comfortable eating out again. All employees wore masks, sanitizing table by entrance, and paper cups are used. Extremely friendly service too. Food is a bit on the salty side especially the beer duck and dry pot frog but everything else was sooo good! Definitely support this business and we will be back.
Been to Chengdu three times and other parts of China as well. Some of the dishes we had were just like the dishes in China. Some Shanghai dishes too.  Very authentic, at least from my experiences. Yum
Bai Wei is a really unique restaurant in Chinatown - they serve dishes that I don't think you could get at any other restaurant here that feel very traditional.  The interior is cute, and there's no need to make a reservation it seems. Our service was wonderful as well.

For our meal, we ordered the century egg with eggplant, duck tongue, lamb dry pot, and truffle pork soup dumplings.  We also ordered a pot of red tea that was recommended.

The duck tongue is hard to comment on, I'm not going to lie we just went out of our comfort zone and tried it since we've never had it. For us, we personally didn't like it but that's not to say it wasn't prepared well!  Everything else was just spectacular - the lamb was spicy and tender and marinated super well.  The soup dumplings were so juicy and the pork was tender - my partner said they could now be his favorite soup dumplings, although next time we'd probably get the regular and not the black truffle as the truffle flavor was slightly overwhelming.  The eggplant and century egg was so good! This we also tried for the first time and loved it, and I really don't know of another restaurant that would serve this. Don't let the egg make you feel put off - it really just tastes like a salty egg. For people who don't know, the dish comes with a pestle that you can use to mash everything together. Don't eat the egg straight! Mash it in with everything else.

They had a great dessert selection that looks super cute and delicious but unfortunately they were out of everything we wanted to try! I would definitely come back to try other things on their extensive menu, and to expand my horizons more (and hopefully get some of their desserts!). 

Just as a heads up, they are cash only and they charge for rice.
The food is authentic. The Xiang style chicken was fresh and delicious. I don't think it might be anyone because it has bones, which is common in china. The service is prompt and attentive. Will try out other dishes next time. The restaurant has a quit good selection of authentic Chinese dishes.
This place sucks, and the price is ridiculously expensive. I miss the old Sakura restaurant.  They need to improve their customer service. Their waiters have no idea about what is mean by customer service. They do not greet you, or offer any water. They let us seat by a table where the AC dropping water. Terrible service. Terrible food !
The food was excellent. Came here for lunch and had the truffle soup dumplings. I loved the Dan Dan noodles also. IMO, I'm happy they don't use a lot of sichuan peppercorn. Highly recommend to anyone that loves modernized authentic Chinese food.
Haven't been there for a while. Seemed like they just upgraded the interior. But the most important thing is the food is still delicious and I like their new house special -- Smelly Pot.
First time came to Bai Wei. When I first came in the restaurant, I was attracted by the modern design and cozy environment. My husband and I ordered 5 dishes and I like the Thai style pot most. The fired rice was so delicious and my husband loves it. The price is fair and affordable. Definitely would come back again.
I came in because I wanted some dumplings and they were soooo delicious!! The customer service was wonderful as well ! Everyone was friendly and answered all the questions I had. The location inside is very modern looking and they also has a dessert area! Would definitely recommend
Why was the food all so good?? Such a pleasant surprise, paying a visit after my friends raved about this place for a couple months.

Ordered the following items via family style: Japanese sizzling tofu with shrimp, braised pork belly,  mushrooms, basil chicken, and a stir-fried pot (custom).

For the customized stir-fried pot, there's sheets where you check off which ingredients you want in your bowl of stir-fry (kinda like how you order at an AYCE sushi restaurant or a dimsum restaurant).

All the dishes did NOT disappoint. Full of flavor and  left us all so full! The meats were all tender, especially the braised pork belly! Definitely recommend coming here for some Chinese food! 

Service was pleasant and quick as well!
Food is decent but the service and interior is amazing.  Second time here, Definitely come back.
Although they changed their name from "Sakura" to "Bai wei", their dishes are still in high quality. Will return and try more.
Woooooonderful meal for the new year. Perfect and authentic chinese cuisine Generous amount of meat and fish. Really saved our trip to Philly! Definitely a not miss!
I have been here a few times already. There dim sum is limited but the szechuan style food is amazing. MUST order items.

Crispy fried fish. This dish is slightly spicy, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Fish will never be the same if you try this dish.

Mopo is a silken tofu dish. Mild in flavor but softens the spicy crispy fried fish. It pairs very well together. It has minced pork, silken tofu, carrots and peas and hot peppers. But there is no spice to this dish at all.

Flaming stinky pots. Actually. I don't know the name of these dishes, But I can tell you have a pungent smell to it. It has that numbing peppercorn spice that makes the dish super unique. I love it.

Order a side of rice and get the black tea. These 2 must go hand in hand with all of their meals. 

A beautiful asian couple mural makes this place very modern and gives it a classy asian ambiance. Cash only or venmo. Parking is crazy around here but there is a parking lot right next door.
The dishes we got were very good. There was a nice assortment of dishes I had never heard of and we got adventurous. The prices were reasonable. You did however have to pay for hot tea and white rice. It was also cash only. We would have ordered more and brought the extra home if we were able to use a credit card.
I have been here 3 times since they re-opened as Bei Wei. Love that they are BYO. Food has been really good, with only a little inconsistency (i.e. dry chicken in one of the casserole dishes one time) which seems completely normal based on them being so new and getting their feet under them. The portions are good for the price. I really like the beef and the shrimp drunken noodle, the double cooked pork belly, the soup dumplings, and the eggplant casserole with preserved egg yolk and ground pork. Service has been great each time and the presentation beautiful. Excited for their presence in Chinatown and hope they continue to do well!
Very good 服务员态度很好，还送饮料，黑糖珍奶茶和奶盖下次尝一尝吧。我们尝了咖喱臭臭锅新品，不过点菜不配饭。。不知道说些啥就这样吧，为了免费的奶茶也是豁出去了啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦啦
Really nice looking place that serves authentic szechuan dishes - beware.. only accepts venmo and cash!
Really good food, I would recommend their Kung pao chicken and it's only 12$ with a big portion. Interior is amazing and the atmosphere is enjoyable. In love with the painting omg the wall, really great choice of artwork.
Excellent food and service! Best Chinese restaurant for REAL Chinese cuisine in Chinatown. Loved it. A must to try!
Amazing Soup Dumplings! 
Loved the bubble tea and deserts are super cute! I would recommend getting the crab and pork dumplings very yummy.
The pig feet is so amazing, not that spicy but delicious. Also highly recommend the drink in Baiwei. The restaurant environment is the best in Chinatown, good for taking a selfie!
The farm raised pork was so tender and delicious.  Really enjoyed our stop here.  Surprised at the other reviews - we love china town and thought this was excellent!  Only 4 stars because was only tried 2 dishes.
I'm surprised this restaurant have traditional Hunan Style food, which I can't find from anywhere in Philadelphia and New Jersey. I'm really impressed by the dry carrot fry with smoked pork, as a Hunanese, I know they must did a lot of work to make the most authentic dry carrot and smoked pork. And the pig feet is the best! Tasty, soft and chewy, everything balanced just right! I mixed the sauce with rice, it's fantastic!
Stopped by since their renovation and change of menu. Everything was reasonably priced with terrific good food quality. We had the best Life Fish in vinegary vegetable soup. Dumplings were awesome. Service was very prompt, pleasant and friendly. Store was very clean. Only disappointment was they don't take credit cards. Cash only with sales tax in addition. I would have given them five stars, otherwise.
I'm impressed with the food quality and service here. I love everything I ordered. It was recommended by a friend and decided to give it a try when they first open, I have been back several times after that. Price is right for the quality.
Came here for restaurant week
Started off with the soup dumplings, and fried dumplings in chili oil. 
These appetizers were pretty good
The rest of the meal was very satisfactory. I ordered the general tso's chicken along with the pork belly and it was very heavily flavored. The chicken pieces are HUGE. 

Dessert is where everything goes bad.

First off 2 of their dessert items ran out and this is at noon.
All of the items were pretty bad. The cheesecake tasted awfully weird.
The sakura mousse was just some mousse topped on a cheesecake and had some weird gelatin on the surface.

Overall, I would come back for the very good dumplings, but the rest of the meal was dissappointing.
Very authentic northern Chinese food. Highly recommended! My favorite dish was the intestines. The rock shrimp was good too!
Great food and great service! Been here for several times, love their smelly pot and sweet rice ball soup.
After a visit to the Philadelphia Auto Show, we went to Bai Wei to satisfy our craving for noodle soup. The restaurant's interior is modern and spacious for a Chinatown venue. The waiter reminded us at the entrance immediately that they did not accept credit cards. Only cash and Venmo was accepted. I suppose they want to earn a little extra by not having to pay credit card costs, which is not a customer friendly way of doing business. If you want to earn more as restaurant, then you should improve your service, not cut costs by limiting the customer's options. Luckily we had enough cash with us. The waiter assigned us a table in the back. After a while, we noticed that other customers got water and tea on arrival, but we did not get anything. How can you treat customers differently like that? We are paying the same as everybody else, so we also want the same service as everyone else!
Anyway, the Taiwanese noodle soup has too many noodles and too few vegetables for my taste. Moreover, half of the meat was skin, which I find chewy and not particularly tasty. We enjoyed the scallion pancakes however.
Be prepared to come here with cash only or pay with Venmo.

A lot of the dishes run salty, especially the fried soft  shell crab and kung Pao chicken. The sauces are good to compliment the flavorful dishes. There was dish that was super extra salty and the staff heard our comment, and was kind enough to return the dish back to the kitchen to exchange for a new one. I would say, do make a reservation in advance if you can, the food takes awhile to come to the table and it isn't like a traditional dim sum restaurant where carts of dishes are rolling by for you to choose - it is more of a la carte menu.
This is my favorite restaurant in Philly!!!!!!! They have the BEST Chinese food in America.
