If you want a great drink then you better go to BAMBU
If you don't know what to order then I don't give a DAMBU
Servers treat you so well you'd think they're in your FAMBU
Even if you took up 2 spots with your Dodge RAMBU

If tomorrow is a test then you know you better CRAMBU
Afterwards go read this at a poetry SLAMBU
I learned how to freestyle when I was in 'NAMBU
And coincidentally Nam is the origin of BAMBU!

What to get: #10, #4, #1, any of the fruit smoothies, omg so many options, but not Milk Tea.
Why: Because I said not Milk Tea and when I say not Milk Tea you dont get Milk Tea.

Indeed, Bambu is Vietnamese, and is an international chain with tons of locations in places like Texas and California, but not many in the North East at all, for example NYC has none as far as I know.

I didn't know Bambu was a chain the first time I came here, and I fell in love with their amazingly original, off-the-wall, bizarre and massive selection of drinks. Some of them (such as #1, #10) taste like coconut milk with a bunch of crazy jellies and shaved ice and other goodies inside, and they are the starting point, because you'll never taste anything quite like it. Very refreshing and amazing.

After that, I highly recommend these incredible fruit smoothies. Strawberry is always a go-to, with tapioca in it perhaps, but they have a large selection, including specials, and it's so worth it.

This BAMBU, the first I ever went to, is hidden inside a strip mall full of Asian goodies on the South Side of Philly, and parking is really difficult, but worth it. Tiny spots and they're usually full, much like my ex.

But once you try the drinks (served by some of the friendlier folks in the city of sisterly love), you will want to rap about them to everyone.

Which is what I shall do again, now.

Sylvester Stallone came here in RAMBO
Popular in Laos, Thailand and also CAMBO
Thrills all the Yelp CMs (including JANDO)
As seen in Star Wars (being sipped by LANDO)

George Michael loved it when he was in WHAMBO
Not sure how he put up with the taste of CLAM DOE
Newborn babies like to drink this in the PRAMBO
And give it to an East African, they'll say JAMBO!

Anderson loves it, of course I mean PAMBU
Your drink wants you! So says Uncle SAMBU
Make preserves out of it, turn it into JAMBU
Or make BBQ out of it, we'll call it HAMBU

If you're dolled up with make-up, you're gonna love GLAMBU
Follow me here as if you're a little LAMBU
You'll get your ass kicked if you don't share it with Jean Claude Van DAMMEBU
So in conclusion, Philly, let's all go right now to BAMBU!
It was a cold, windy, city morn when we reached Washington Avenue, and I still hadn't had my first cup of java. I was trying to maintain my good mood, but it would be a losing battle without some caffeine soon. 

Desperate times called for desperate measures. 

I remembered there was this Bambu shop nearby, so I Yelped it and realized it was right across 6th Street from where we were. We walked over and found it in the inner corner of the shopping center. It was a small shop, with short red sofa, three cafe tables, and a few chairs along the window. The walls were covered in menus and photos of their signature Che fruity concoctions. 

Colorful, but I needed something stronger and hotter. Farther down the drinks list was the coffee. I asked for Vietnamese coffee, hot. I normally drink it in VN cafes or after meals, so this was my first takeout. 

It was exactly as expected. Strong, hot and sweetened by condensed milk. I missed the whole drip experience but it was great to be able to shop the market with java in hand.
Growing up, I craved for chè when other kids wanted cookies or brownies. For those who never had it before, chè is a sweet porridge or cocktail dessert made with a variety of fruits, milk, and ingredients. Unfortunately, living in the east coast there isn't really a place that specialize in making these delicious sweets besides the comfort of my home. So when the Bambu franchise opened one in South Philly last week, I was most likely the happiest guy in the city. 

There is a nearly endless variety of named dishes with the prefix chè. This is quite evident in Bambu's extended list of combinations. Like a child in a candy store, I wanted to try everything! It was heaven for me. I recommend #6 and #10 ($4.50): 

#6 is Chè trái cây- lychee, longan, red tapioca, jackfruit, palm seed, pandan jelly, jello, young coconut. The consistency was so perfect! Pure happiness in my mouth.

#10 is Hat lu sng sáo bánh- tapioca, grass jelly, pandan jelly. Perfect blend of sweetness and glutinous goodies. 

For opening weekend, they were fairy organized. Customer service was friendly. The overall process was quick and easy. Everything tasted wonderfully sweet yet refreshing. My foodie routine from now on in South Philly will be pho or bun bo hue followed by Bambu Desserts & Drinks!
I found it! The most delicious, authentic Thai milk bubble tea! I've been ordering the large Thai milk tea with bubbles, and it always blows me away. The tea alone takes me back to Thailand. The taste of the Thai tea is so concentrated, in a good way, because I don't want that watered down stuff. 

The bubbles could use some improvement though. They tend to clump up together at the bottom, and I would really like servings of bubbles in my mouth with my tea at the same time, instead of being left with more bubble than tea at the end. Which would also help me not inhale the Thai milk tea every time. By the time I get home from my 15 minute car ride, I have nothing left to drink. 

Another thing is they do have a pretty high credit card minimum of $15, so make sure to bring cash!
I just stop by today with my husband and friends Sept 15, 7.00pm.
The cashier young asian lady with the glasses and white T-shirt had bad attitude and poor customer service, she was treated me and my friends really bad when we asked about something to order.
We might order more but seemed like she didn't want to help us.
We will never come back again.
BAMBU is literally amazing. Mind blowing. I am almost mad that I didn't stumble into this place sooner. 

If you ever had chè (Vietnamese dessert), this is it but elevated in deliciousness. It's the same dessert but so much more flavor and fun due to the different added textures. I grew up eating such a simple example of Chè ba màu---"three colors chè": green mung beans, white black-eyed peas, and red azuki beans. It was nice to see BAMBU change it up and make it more mainstream. For those of you who don't know what chè is, it's a very similar dessert to the Filipino halo halo.

My favorite is the most traditional tasting one with also some added fun toppings, #2 BAMBU Combo, which consists of red, white, and mung beans, taro, pandan jelly, combination jelly, boba, coconut milk and crushed ice scooped on top. It may seem like a lot, but the blend of all of this is heaven. You cannot go wrong with any of their other combinations either.

Service is fast, so you get your dessert quicker into your belly. Try it! You won't regret this. Don't be afraid to try out other chè or other drinks.
Bambu Desserts & Drinks was founded in 2008 in San Jose, California by four Vietnamese sisters--Anh, Kelly, Jenny & Julie. Bambu has a large menu of fresh, healthy and colorful Asian-inspired Chè, crisp boba milk teas, bold Vietnamese espressos & blended coffees, and real & exotic fruit smoothies. It is nice to have a slightly different option from the Taiwanese bubble tea chains to change things up.

Bambu is located in the other big shopping center on Washington Ave. I write "other" as I have only been to the one shopping center higher up on Washington that contains Pho 75, Sky Cafe and the Hung Vuong Super Market. Parking didn't seem to be quite as nuts and challenging here,  but it may have been that it was later on a Sunday night. The Bambu store is clean, bright and comfortable with a limited amount of seating. They have a fairly large menu but there are several pictures on the wall describing the different drink items. My wife, who is Filippina, liked the drink options with shaved ice such as #2 Bambu Combo. This did taste similar to halo halo and it was very good. Our daughter and myself shared the Green Tea blend which was smoothie like and had a pleasant Green Tea taste. It was difficult making a decision as there were so many options.

We will definitely return to Bambu to try out some other drink options. I just hope I am as lucky with the parking. I also want to try Pho Ha which is located in the same shopping center.

4 yelp stars with potential for more.
The wait is a bit long for a drink but I am obsessed with bambu! My favorite? I think it has definitely got to me the one with red bean, coconut milk, grass and pandan jelly. Omg! It's so good!! It's just so refreshing and such a great drink to start or end your day with.
I never liked Bambu until I was given the #1 drink on their menu. I really liked how fresh the coconut water tastes. What's interesting is the green jelly, very chewy! I liked it. The amount of sweetness was perfect. Not too sweet like most sweet drinks. I had it twice and so far it lives up to its ranking on the menu!!! 
I also tried 3 colored dessert, che 3 mau. I had che 3 mau at various locations/places and che 3 mau at Bambu is not my place to go to. As I mentioned the green jelly earlier, it doesn't taste right when it's replacing the actual jello the che 3 mau usually comes with. In this case it's too chewy. Not a good combination for this type of drink/dessert. Next time I will ask for actual crispy but soft to the bite type of jello see if they have that option.
#1 and #6 are the best dessert drinks on the menu! They both are sweet and have some of my favorite ingredients: (1) coconut, pandan jelly, longan, and basil seed, and (6) lychee, longan, red tapioca, jack fruit, pandan jelly, jello, and young coconut.

Don't come here on a full stomach though! The desserts are pretty filling and run about $5 a pop. 

The #3 (red bean, white bean, mung bean, taro, and pandan jelly) has too many mushed beans and taro... Stay away from that one - too difficult to drink!
Nice and clean little shop for smoothies, fruity drinks, and Vietnamese-style dessert drinks! The selection is quite extensive, so this review is only based on a taste of 4 drinks. I can't tell whether they use natural or artificial flavoring for the fruit smoothies, so I might have to taste test some more to comment. However, they do offer some unusual flavors, such as soursop and sopota (I still have no clue what fruit that second one is), which is great for adventurous palates. I'll admit I'm not adventurous enough to try jackfruit or durian, but they have those flavors as well. The blended drink that has avocado and jelly bits in it was just okay, but the traditional sweet bean and jelly drink (chè ba màu) was pretty good! Overall, lots of fun flavors to try and pleasant service. $15 minimum to pay with card.
Finally!!! Been waiting for some decent Che in Philly. I miss home just a little less now :) It is a simple vietnamese dessert that I feel is mostly about the different texture sweets in a refreshing cup topped with lots of ice and often coconut milk. My favorite is the Bambu special which doesn't have coconut milk and therefore a slightly lighter option which you can also ask for with less sweetness/syrup which I usually do + ice on the side if you're taking orders home.

The combination Che is good as well as the other options with either Rau Ma (Pennywort -- yummy green drink that I used to be scared of for no reason as a kid) or anything with blended avocado which is another signature Vietnamese dessert favorite.

The service here is very friendly if not the friendliest out of all the Bambu locations I've tried (they're located at almost every highway exit in the Bay Area/Cali). So glad they're doing well and spreading their locations! 

They don't take credit card despite the credit card swipe machine attached to their register :( Bring cash!
YESSS! I've been waiting to try Bambu after hearing about it a few months ago from another Yelper, and was stoked to find out that there are a couple of branches in the area. They're known for their Che, but they also have smoothies, tea, coffee, and fruit shakes among other drinks and desserts. The service was friendly and accommodating.

#6, Che Trai Cay ($4.95): So good! The che I chose has lychee, longan, red tapioca, jackfruit, palm seed, jello, pandan jelly, and coconut juice. It's packed with so many ingredients and fresh fruit, and the ice on top is not excessive; you could also get the ice on the side. I was able to drink it a bit, but I recommend just using the red spoon they give you since the jackfruit and huge slices of coconut meat do get stuck in the straw.

#2, Che Thap Cam ($4.60): I accidentally tried this after getting the orders mixed up, but it's also really good! The "combo" che has beans (red, white, mung), taro, boba, pandan and combination jelly, and coconut milk. There wasn't too much of one ingredient and, when mixed with the ice and coconut milk, like the #6, everything blended well together.

The Che here make for an awesome, inexpensive treat to have especially when it's hot out. You could also enjoy your drink or dessert inside; as others have mentioned, there isn't much seating but they do have a handful of tables and a comfy red sofa beneath the TV on the wall. Bambu is definitely going to be a regular stop for me whenever I'm in the city!
I can't believe I never went to this place before! I've always been on the lookout for a che place that can compare to places in CA and here it is. 

I love all the coconut and the different types of jellies, agar agar and tapiocas that go into these Viet dessert drinks. The best part for me is that they're aren't super sweet (at least for me). I ordered the #10 which has a lovely combo of everything that I love. 

When I'm in the area, I'm either usually grocery shopping or grabbing banh mi's or probably both but now I have another stop to add onto the list!
I have kept this place my little secret for as long as I could in fear that it'll get crowded or my favorite drinks will run out but here you go people....

I am addicted to their drinks! I am a weekly customer, lol. My first love was green tea blend with pandan jelly, yum! Then came hazelnut mocha and Vietnamese coffee with coffee jelly and grass jelly. I believe it's unlimited toppings at no additional charge. 

You honestly can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I've had most of their teas (milk tea, Thai tea). I've also had che and that was good as well. I haven't had any of their fruity drinks yet. 

Drinks are a bit pricey at ~$5 but the cup is big and the drinks are consistently delicious. Parking is much easier than Chinatown albeit tight. It's also in the same plaza as Ba Le so you can walk over afterwards to get banh mi and other snacks and quick bites, then across the street to go grocery shopping.

There you have it. All I ask is you save me some!
What a gem dessert place I just found around ny neighborhood. As an Asian, I love all kinds of milky drinks with red beans, grass jelly and tapioca-like stuff. As much as I love bubble tea, I enjoy vietnamese drinks a lot. Right amount of sugar, shaved ice and all different mixed jelly things it... Cannot say enough how tasty it is. They have so many options for u to choose from. Today we had #2 and #10...both are amazing!! I am 100% going back to this place to try more next timw.
They should list that they are CASH ONLY!! Took an uber all the way to them and wasted my ride because they didn't only took cash and no ATM around.
Conveniently located near Pho Ha. I only had the avocado smoothie here, and that was pretty good. It was hella rich and thick and by the end of it I felt like I ate an entire meal. I tried the mango smoothie as well - great and refreshing. Then again, you can't really mess up smoothies.. haha
First time having Vietnamese dessert drinks. The drinks here include lots of toppings and juices! Filling and getting a bang for your buck. Nice switch up from all the bubble tea parlors that I'm used to. I ordered #1 and #10. The pandan jelly was super chewy! It's so much better than tapioca/boba/black pearls. The drinks have atleast 3 - 5 toppings each. I preferred #10 over #1. The coconut juice from #1 wasn't that good and it was a weird combination with basil seeds. The coconut chunks and lychee wasn't sweet either.. 

#10 tasted creamy and milky, I liked the toppings of herbal jelly and pandan jelly in it. 

They offer a 10% discount if you write a review on a yelp. Not too shabby considering how much I pay for bubble tea.

Make sure to bring cash because they don't take card, also there are no bathrooms for customers, a little heads up for all you potty seekers.
This is a chain dessert shop, and the first time I saw this was in California. I'd passed by it several times but never went in.

I'm glad that my Vietnamese friend dragged me here today after lunch. I wasn't sure what to order, so I got the BAMBU special (#1). I loved it! It was very refreshing, and made me feel relatively healthy afterwards. It's filled with good stuff - coconut juice, basil seeds, longan, coconut meat, and for kicks some pandan jelly. 

I ordered a small, and while it did look small, it was extremely filling! Loved every second of it though.
I hate trying new things, especially when I know I love boba and nothing will ever replace it. But WOW - Ché is the underdog Asian drink. It's super fresh, more "STUFF" (but not overwhelming), dairy free, and actually kinda filling. The service is quick, cash only if under $15, and kind of confusing if this is your first ché. Maybe bring a Viet friend with you to help break down all the new terms haha. 

There's a lot of combinations and of the ones I've tried, #10 is my favorite bc that grass jelly is just too good. And I finished it quicker than I did with other ones.

Memorable points from other ones I've tried:

#1 is super coconutty and tastes healthy. But still a bit too much coconut for me - something I'd get once a while
#3 is grainy/thicker bc of all the mung beans. I'm not a huge bean fan so there's my bias.
#6 is a fruit salad. I used my spoon more than my straw which was annoying when I was driving my Bambu home. It filled me up too.
2/5 ambiance. Not much seating inside; only a long couch on each wall.

3/5 flavor. I was not the biggest fan because there were too much toppings-- make sure you use both a spoon and straw! But I did like how it wasn't overly sweet
I've only ordered the Number 1 in the dessert section, so I can't really comment on anything else, but it is definately delicious! The first time I ordered it, I had it just as the menu stated, but lately, I've been ordering it without the basil seed. I think the basil seed is a bit much. Sooo much better without. This dessert has coconut and longon. Mmmm! So refreshing. Even my son loves it! I've tried my wifes dessert too (#2), but I'm not a huge fan of beans, so I didn't eat much of it.

Overall: I keep coming back (esp bc my wife wants it like 3x a week. Lol.) Doesn't matter when you come, there will be a line.
Just tried the smoothies, they are top notch!  They make them out of real fruit and it shows its really delicious particularly the coconut.  They said they even cook the taro before they blend it - its that fresh!  Awesome and the girl at register is so sweet.  Awesome place so glad its so close!
This location of Bambu never drops the ball. What I love about Bambu is that it doesn't only offer bubble teas but crushed ice drinks similar to Filipino Halo-Halo, which is what my partner and I enjoyed tonight. We got a red bean, grass jelly, pandan drink with crushed ice and it was delicious. 

If you're planning on coming here bring cash! Orders less than $15 are cash only!!
I love love love this place!   We got a 6 and 10 and they were both delicious.  I was looking for some dessert places/bubble tea places and I found this totally by accident.  It's a bit far from everything so you'll have to drive here.  Drink prices are about Starbucks prices and pretty filling if you get the dessert ones.  I love all of the different things you can put in the drinks.  

This place is a franchise and I wish we had one in NYC!  It'll be a hit for sure.
My firt time at Bambu was many years ago in CA.  This is just the same!  The avacado shake and coconut basil are my two favorite drinks!  I always ask for less sugar or no sugar. My sister always stop by here when she is in town for the rainbow jelly coconut dessert.  Love this place!
Not bad, yet far from impressive.  Bambu is a small shop with friendly service.  However, before you can get in you must deal with a mess of a parking lot.

That aside, they have an extensive menu.  It's cash only so bring some green.  I went with a #6 and enjoyed it, but the friends I've brought here haven't been as big a fan on the flavors as I am.  

Overall, there are better tea places in the city, but not another one I'd recommend in this section of the city.  Give it a shot and let me know what you think!
Get the motherfuggin' #10 for an out of body experience. Do it right and get the large. It was so good I had to come back twice in one day.
I'm addicted! Ahhhh, I want more, now!!!!!! I've had che from here about 4x in a week and a half time frame. It's that good. The beans in the desserts are cooked perfectly. Not too soft where it's beyond mush and not too hard either. It also has the right amount of sweetness to it. I'm not a huge sugar person, but Che is my downfall. Mmmm yum yum yum. All the ingredients they put in are sooo good. My favorite and only thing I have ordered is #2. It has almost all the ingredients (beans, jello, coconut milk, etc). The only thing I think they are missing in this is fruit, but that's ok! They have a che with all different types of fruit, which is also delicious (I tried my sisters!)

I've also tried the taro smoothie too (from my Niece). That was also really good. Doesn't taste like they use powder. SCORE! They also do juices and milk teas as well. My step sister ordered the Nuoc Rau Ma with coconut. I didn't try it, but she said it was really good.

I can't wait to go back, and I just had it yesterday! Haha
This is not your traditional boba tea place, offering more traditional vietnamese style drinks that include cold/hot coffee, smoothies, and milk tea drinks mixed with unique toppings not found commonly at other boba tea shops.  Similar price compared to its counterparts and accepts cash only! 

To help narrow your options, they have little jars on the countertop that show the various toppings put into the drinks and the cashier is always wiling to explain the texture and taste of them.  

My go to here is #10 which consists of coconut milk with pandan jelly (green chewy texture similar to boba), grass jelly (jelly with hint of tea taste), and red tapioca (pomegranate seed texture but alittle less crunchy).  This drink is on the heavier side and some consider it a second meal with all the toppings added in.  

For their cold drinks that contain coconut milk as the base, they typically add a ball/chunk of ice to make the drink "cold" since the coconut milk is room temperature to my knowledge.  Recommend mixing the drink beforehand to chill all the contents with the ice and mix the toppings since they are layered.

If you're not being adventurous, they have safe and simple options such as fruit smoothies that you cant go wrong with, enjoy!
I suppose i'd give this place another try.  I didn't quite like my choice of che.  I picked the number 2: Chè thp cm (combination) - Red bean, white bean, green/mung bean, taro, pandan jelly, pearl, combo jelly.  I thought i would like this but there was just too much red and white bean and they were huge ( i should've known better).  I did like that it was not too sweet.  These type of desserts are similar to halo-halo (filipino shaved ice with toppings) but not at all as sugary.  I also tried the guy's number 4: Chè sng sáo ht lu - Grass jelly, red tapioca, pandan jelly, jello, mung bean.  Much better than mine since no red/white beans.  It would be better if they used a lid that had a bigger hole, like what dunkin donuts used for their iced drinks.  There just isn't enough room for the spoon and straw!  We came on a sunday afternoon and the place was busy but we didn't have a long wait after ordering.
No good! Dessert is not good! I will not come back again #wasteofmoney 

There are not so many places to get dessert and  i thought this place would be good but what a disappointing experience !
The best way to describe whether or not you'll like this place is if you compare it to bubble tea. Do you enjoy the toppings (tapioca or jelly) more or the tea more?

If you prefer the tea more, then this place probably won't satisfy your needs to the fullest. However, if you're a fan of toppings, you'll fall in love with this place.

Bambu specializes in a Vietnamese dessert called che. It's usually coconut milk filled with different tapioca and jelly toppings. They have a whole menu with customized drinks for you to choose from. You can customize the drink to your liking as well! For example, if they have a drink with coconut milk instead of coconut juice, you can substitute it however you want! Or if they have red tapioca and you want extra jackfruit instead, go for it! 

This place also has strong coffee and smoothies, too if you don't want che.

Overall, this place is very fast and offers delicious drinks. The seating is very limited and there's no bathroom here so keep that in mind! It's more of a grab n' go type of joint. 

You can expect your drink orders to be $5-6 with tax included. A little pricey but we can't forget that it's all customized and mostly toppings rather than liquid.
Small spot in a shopping center with a bunch of Vietnamese restaurants and other vendors, with a big supermarket across the street. Everything there sounds pretty great, so I think I'll be back for sure, but for this visit, my wife and I just ordered some drinks to go. Mine was a Vietnamese coffee to drink the next morning, and it's pretty tasty - very concentrated, but with some nice sweetness too. I find myself sipping it as opposed to sucking down coffee as I typically do, and rather enjoying it.

This place only accepts cash unless your order is over $15, so be aware of that. Everything on the menu looks great, though, and when we visited, they were also selling pandan waffles. Those sounded pretty great, but some other folks in the shop happened to be enjoying an order of that, so we got to smell it too - and wow. We'll definitely be back for some of the ice desserts as well as those waffles (hopefully they're still offering them next time!).

On the downside, the drinks are fairly pricey for their size, but in the case of this Vietnamese coffee, it's concentrated, so that makes it a little better. In any case, we'll be back for some desserts!
This is a nice small place for drinks after some pho.  They have a lot of selections for both cold and hot beverages, boba (bubble) milk teas, special vietnamese drinks, and different coffee options.  The people there are nice and there are seats, tables and tv's for your viewing pleasure.  My one complaint is this place has NO BATHROOM!  I didn't think it food/beverage establishments were able to get away with not having a bathroom.  I would probably give this place 4 stars if it had a bathroom.....
My daughter and I have been coming here a lot lately.  If she had her way...it would be literally every day.  I get the #10 and she gets the Lychee smoothie with the Lychee jelly or the Coconut smoothie.  I haven't tried anything else...though probably I should.  I am sure it's all delicious.  I just figure that since my #10 is so delicious every single time...why get anything else?  The main reason I am writing this review is because the customer service here is phenomenal.  They are always nice and today unfortunately they made a mistake with my order.  I was going to take it with the grass jelly but the cashier insisted that since it was their mistake they would get me a new one.  I believe if it was someone else they would just allow the customer to take the messed up drink.  Saves them from making another one.  Just for that I will be coming back with my daughter in tow.
Bambu is one of the few Che specialty shops in Philly, and I am so glad one has finally opened  near me! My favorite drink to get is their dessert drink #2, Che Thap Cam (Combination). For somewhere between $4-$5, you get a wonderfully sweet and refreshing blend of red bean, white bean, mung bean, taro, pandan jelly, pearl, and cocunut milk. I must warn, however, that towards the end of the drink, it can become a tad too sweet due to the solid mixing of the beans and jelly sitting at the bottom. 

As a disclaimer, it is a cash only establishment - so be prepared for that. It's also quite small, but I've never had any trouble getting a seat while waiting for my drink. The staff are also very friendly and don't mind explaining the drinks to you or answering any questions you may have about the ingredients.
The drinks here are amazing! I can never get tired of this place because there is so many items to choose from. I use to always get coffee at dunkin donut before work until I found this place. Be prepared to be an addict once you try it. The people here are very friendly and their service is super fast. I will definitely come here again!
Cute , well decorated little shop. Has tables and chairs for people to enjoy their drinks. I didn't have to wait long for my drink including my bfs , so that was a plus. 

I ordered the dessert section #6. To describe it: It's shaved frozen ice with milk topped with lychee , longan, red tapioca , jackfruit, all kinds of jelly and coconut meat. Overall taste was delicious. I like that my drink wasn't overly sweet and the price $4.40 was just right for me. My bf ordered a mango smoothie and it was really good as well. Real fruit blended and none of that powdered mixture that other shops uses. 

So overall experience I was satisfied with the drinks here.
not bad for a bubble tea & vietnamese dessert spot. Their boba is soft & sweet, better than tea do in my opnion.. also, I love the fact that I can mix different variety of jelly into my drink. Definitely coming back!
So glad I stopped by Bambu to give them a try; they're no hype...they're super delicious and surprisingly healthy. I ordered the che ba mau (three colored bean dessert) and it was about $5. Shortly after I ordered, I received my drink right away, which was a plus. The drink was aesthetically attractive and my first sip and spoonful was everything a foodie had wanted. It was like a party in my mouth; the pandan jelly, mung bean, red bean, green tea pudding, taro tapioca, and coconut milk perfectly balanced each other out. I loved my drink and I would definitely come back for more desserts since Bambu offers a wide selection of various desserts that look very pleasing to the eye and probably tastes just as bad-ass as well.
TIP: CASH ONLY!

I was super excited to hear that there was a BAMBU in Philly! It's a Vietnamese dessert franchise that is most popular in Texas and California but now it's expanding throughout the East coast. 

BAMBU provides delicious variations of chè or Vietnamese desserts mixed with different fruits, juice/milk combinations, and ingredients. It's a refreshing treat that you must venture out to try! My favorite go-to is the #1 BAMBU Special consisting of pandan jelly, fresh coconut, logan, and basil seeds all mixed in sweet coconut juice. You also can add your preferences to anything on the menu if you like! They also offer classic bubble tea flavors, smoothies, and coffee. But I would totally recommend trying their chè first!

Service here is also friendly and quick. You can easily grab and go within 10 minutes! If you're eating in South Philly, come here after to get a dessert!
I had to give this place 4/5 stars.  The taste was excellent and the desserts were well made, but TWO distinct negatives take away from the customer's experience.  This is a CASH only establishment, and the dessert drinks are made in such a way as to be impossible to consume with the thick straws necessitating one to take off the lid to eat the dessert.  This could be easily remedied by a "Blizzard" style lid so the customer would not have to take off the lid.  I ordered the number 1 in the dessert section: the Bambu Special. It has coconut, pandan jelly, longan (the fruit), basil seed, and coconut juice.  A very tasty dessert and worth the $4.65.  Obviously, as I slurped down the liquid top layers, the bottom layers needed to be consumed with the lid off but that is a minor detail.  The establishment was clean and well kept and certainly had a contemporary, modern feel.  There were chairs and tables with seating for about 10-15 people. Overall it was a great experience.

Summary: 
Pros:
-Tasty desserts
-Fair pricing
-Asian fusion inspired drinks
-clean, well kept
-friendly staff.

Cons
-cash only
-non ergonomic dessert drink lids
The bona here is not at yummy as Tea Do. I ordered the milk tea boba and it just tasted like overly sweet milk (no tea flavor at all) and the tapioca was mushy.  I do not recommend this place at all for a good boba tea.
Price wise, it's cheap.
Staffs? They are funny actually. Funny as in like they're completely new on the business. Maybe they are. They got panic too easily. Called out the drinks name using Vetnamese -then onto English, when no one replied. Yep. I totally understand that.
I got their milk tea.. I was too dumb to play it safe. I wasn't sure if I got enough cash for their dessert menu. So sad.

Well.. I'll update my review when I do get their dessert -and when they have some table... I want to be able to relax and enjoy my dessert..

Parking lot available.
Cash only.
Make sure you can understand Viet.


.. I'm kidding on that last part.
the cashier girl in this place definitely nicer than kung fu tea's cashier girl though.
Love love the desserts or Che they have here. Light, refreshing, and not all too sweet. Would rather have this over bubble tea or other Asian desserts. Why can't it come to NYC?!?
A really great gem for bubble tea and Vietnamese desserts in South Philly. I got the mango bubble tea and it was made with mango flavored tea with milk, not powder. The tea was very refreshing and the bubbles were of good texture.

I also ordered a passion in love smoothie which was made with passion fruit, strawberries, etc. The smoothie tasted like it was made from real fruit and was very delicious. I have also ordered a dessert from here once but since I wasn't very accustomed to eating Vietnamese dessert I wasn't used to the taste but the presentation of the dessert was great and my Viet friend really enjoyed it.
The service here is impeccable. I wanted to buy an extra drink to save for tomorrow, and the staff here helped.me to separate the ice and the coconut milk so that the dessert would keep better.

They are also super accommodating to substitutions and additions. I always get the #1 with red tapioca added, and the #10 with no grass jelly..or #1 with coconut milk! SO yummy!!!
This is the second time in two months I got a drink from this place and it made me sick. The second time was so bad I had to go to urgent care. The first time I got a raspberry green tea and the second time I got a strawberry green tea. Both times I had stomach upset and diarrhea within a hour. Could be dirty machines or unclean fruit. Who knows, but I won't be going back.
I love BAMBU and have been coming here at this location since 2014 and other locations in California as well (Westminster and Cerritos). I've tried pretty much all of the special desserts many times and other fruit smoothies as well. I absolutely love them all with different types of textures, sweetness, and a variety of fruits/beans/jelly in each drink. My favorite is bo dam (smashed avocado #5).  Although the quality and quantity at this location have declined due to popularity, I have been a faithful customer and still visit since it is the only Vietnamese dessert place in South philly. 

Many times before, i have noticed my drink was way too sweet, avocado chunky-sometimes watery, and the quantity is less and less each time. I shrugged it off before bc I love the smashed avocado drink, but today was my last straw. Like all the other times, I waited patiently in line to order and customize my bo dam. I walked outside and got into my car, happy with my drink in my hand about to mix the ice into my drink when I realized my drink was barely half full. If they're going to raise the price on it to $5.75, at least make it 3/4 filled; which it used to be almost full to the rim, where the ice would just sit on top and it will take you a bit of time to finish crushing the ice into the drink. I ended up going back to them to return my drink and voiced my anger and the register person was very confused (i feel bad since it wasn't even her fault). At this point, I was so upset I jsut left and it wasn't worth my time to ask for a refund. 


So while the desserts at this place, no doubt, are tasty and unique, keep in mind you're no longer getting the quality and quantity for your drink.  I'll have to try the other location in north philly.
My favorite drink shop in philly. One hint for everyone though, don't ever get #5 the bo dam. Everything else in this store is amazing !
I really love bambu's drinks, but the cashier with the glasses and a white tee shirt really has poor customer service. When I greeted her she did not say anything back to me. On top of that she seemed irritated to take my order. She came off unprofessional and rude. I've been coming here for years and never had an issue with customer service. Other than that I really enjoy their drinks and find them refreshing.
Drinks always generous with real filling. Fresh, not overly sweet. A lot of stuff you can only get here but nowhere else. Bambu Special is packed with flavor: coconut, pandan, longan, and basil seed. So amazing - bubble tea just doesn't compare to Bambu!
Love this place. Will have a sweet tooth craving every once in a while and this is the place I go to. A little bit more pricier for the items but it is reflected in the quality of ingredients that they use. Try their avocado with Boba.
Bambu is NOT your typical bubble tea shop. Not only do they sell fresh bubble teas, they offer delicious vietnamese ché! Their ché is surely unique, but what makes Bambu AMAZING, is their pandan waffles. I love waffles and so do so many people, but I typically do not order waffles when I'm out because they often turn out quite eggy and soggy. But these pandan waffles, let me tell you, they are crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside: everything you want in a waffle. With the aromatic pandan flavor in each bite and delectable textures, this is surely something you DO NOT want to miss at Bambu.
Bambu is one of the most unique and delicious dessert shops that I've visited in Philly! I love that it's a chain and can be found in other places because I'll definitely continue being a customer here, even after I leave Philadelphia. Upon first walking into the store, the dessert photos on the wall all look so mouthwatering. It took me quite a while to decide on what I wanted to order, and the workers were very helpful in helping me to go through the differences in ingredients and flavors in the desserts to find my best-fit choice. 

I wound up ordering the #2: Chè thap cam (combination) dessert drink, and it was a great choice! The presentation of the dessert was beautiful, really unique, and colorful. I was scared to mess up the lovely layering in the cup, though mixing it together is the best way to enjoy the drink and make sure you get the perfect combination of flavors. I loved the fresh coconut milk in the drink - it added a really refreshing touch to what otherwise would have been too decadent of a drink. The flavors at the beginning were really great, but as I got to the bottom of my cup, I started feeling a little overwhelmed with the richness of the beans and the sweetness of the drink overall. I couldn't finish all of it because the portion was so large, but the portion that I did wind up finishing was delicious! 

My sister's favorite drink is strawberry bubble tea, so she tried ordering it here. The workers were really helpful and honest in telling her that adding milk to the strawberry tea that they served here would not taste the best and recommended that she order a fruit-flavored tea without the milk since only certain types of tea taste good with milk (e.g. black, jasmine, taro). My sister and I both appreciated the honesty and the extensive knowledge of the drinks. It was also great that it seemed like the drinks were very customizable and that the workers were very accommodating to customers' requests and preferences.

I also cannot stress how great and nice the workers were. I was desperately in need of an iPhone charger since I needed to be able to order an Uber to get home (there were no taxis around the area), so I asked one of the workers if I could borrow one of theirs. They were all so willing to lend me their chargers, which made me feel so great as a customer in their store.

All in all, I had a great experience here. If you've never had this type of Vietnamese dessert, you must come here and try it out! However, if you're not the biggest fan of sweets, you may want to ask the workers for a lighter option because at least for the dessert drink that I got, it was very, very sweet.
LOOVE the fact that Philadelphia has a Bambu. 

Back at home in California, there are multiple Bambu's around me. Now that I discovered the Bambu here in Philly, I can enjoy a little bit of home in the form of Vietnamese dessert :)

I came here and ordered the dessert that came with red bean, pandan jelly, and red tapioca. I usually either will get this (sometimes subbing the red tapioca for grass jelly) or the number one. The number one consists of coconut juice, pandan jelly, fresh coconut, basil seeds, and longan. Between the two of those, you are guaranteed a delicious dessert. If you something more on the sweet side, then go with the desserts that come with coconut milk. The number one is more on the refreshing side of dessert since it comes with coconut juice which is very light. My favorite part of Bambu is their pandan jelly: perfectly chewy and so fun to eat with your dessert (if dessert could be fun...). Don't see a combo you like on the dessert menu? You can totally add to what they have on their menu or just make your own. 

Great place to grab some dessert after eating around the area.
This place is a must try! You have to go to Bambu and try their Vietnamese Che(dessert), especially number 1-3 you don't know what you've been missing out if you haven't. I drink bubble tea and go to all sorts of dessert places but this is more like bubble tea to the max. They give you so much great stuff in their che from taro, tapiocas, jellies, and coconut and more. Also their teas are great, I would recommend the jasmine or Thai or even be more adventurous and try Vietnamese and tropical flavors. Been here like a dozen times and will keep on coming as long as they keep on serving. Would love for them to expand into center city and beyond.
This boba is super cool! They are creative in their recipes and menu items that go beyond just smoothies and milk tea drinks. They've ventured into drinks that are legitimately DESSERTS, obviously hence the name of this place. It's just sad that this place is so far away from where I live. :(
The Che here is delicious! I love number 16 with red bean and pandan jelly and on top of that I would add tapioca into the drink! This drink is not too sweet to me but the only thing I would prefer is a little more coconut milk. I feel like the red bean absorbs all the coconut milk so fast that it just becomes topping. I tried their blend drinks before the mocha one and it was quite sweet but acceptable still. 

DO NOT forget this place is CASH ONLY so bring some cash before not being able to get the drink u want!
Mmm delightful milk tea, great Thai tea, a little on the sweet side but the super friendly staff will probably make it less sweet for you if you ask.  Great service pleasant waiting space.  I am so excited I just saw this place today and it said grand opening so I had to try it and I'm super impressed!  Can't wait to try more flavors!  They have lychee milk tea OMG.  I haven't tried it yet but I will.  Cash only.
Overall great drinks, service, prices cheaper than surrounding shops ($3.50 for milk teas) and nearby my house, so five stars!
Drinks was good!!! I had number 6 drink.. Sorry I don't remember the name of the drink but it didn't taste as good as I expected. Their coconut smoothies was good!!!! I would recommend that !!!
DRINKS | I got the Vietnamese Coffee with Coffee Jelly. The coffee was pretty strong, but I liked it overall. I liked that the menu provided a wide variety of pre-made drinks, but you also had the option to make your own. There were also many substitutes for tapioca pearls.

SERVICE | Fast and friendly. Drinks didn't take too long to come out. 

SPACE & AMBIANCE | A small amount of seating, but the overall atmosphere feels comfortable and casual. Not many customers were there, or the ones that did come in just ordered to-go, so no worries about not having a place to sit.

OTHER |
- credit card: There is a minimum.
- bathrooms: No bathrooms available.
my favorite place for delicious fruity drinks - the #1 bambu special is my favorite because the jelly is so chewy and I love anything coconut & lychee. You just can't go wrong!
Went here two times in 3 days...(i'm in south philly more, plus free parking). I think this is a great addition to New World Shopping Center and south philly overall. 

I ordered #6 dessert (che trai cay - literally translated "fruit dessert"). The first time i shared it with my gf so it was just the right size.. my 2nd time, i wanted to order another che, but ended up with the #6 again. For one person, i think it was way too much. It wasn't super sweet, just very filling. Maybe because i was a bit hungover that i couldn't finish it all. 

The place has nice pictures of the menu so you know what you're getting. There aren't many seats in the place which isn't a big deal to me. They had pandora playing on the TV which was good too. The staff on both occasions i went were nice...there was pretty big crowd when i went sunday late afternoon. They were a bit flustered and apologized about the wait...which i didn't notice any "long" wait. After all, their desserts have many many ingredients/layers. 

I'd probably try their milk teas the next time. 

cash only.
I swear I'm not a sweets person!!!  But Vietnamese Che is not really a dessert... Sorta .lol.

I find myself here every week for the past month. The best thing is the free parking. Going to Chinatown for bubble tea is just unappealing now BC you gotta pay meter. 

I ordered the avocado dessert which was, IMHO, a huge miss. I'm not saying it was horrible, but the concept of the dessert made no sense to me. 

It's essentially avocado with shaved ice and beans, jelly. Cool... Sounds good. But the avocado isn't blended enough and is too thick. the ice was separate and not blended all together. It's not suppose to be smoothie which I understand, but the whole thing was a mess to consume. I ended up going home, hoping the ice would melt to make the dessert edible. Yeah, you can not eat it with the cup it comes in. I ended adding milk when I got home to thin it out. 

I would suggest they reevaluate that dessert since Vietnamese do love avocado. I would blend the avocado and ice together with milk some sugar, then mix in jelly and other toppings. Make it more like Che. 

My usual are the Logan milk tea with bubble or jelly little sugar. Then the fruit Che. Trai cay little sugar. Both consistently bomb!

PS, the wait is little long on busy days. So don't think of rushing in and out. 5-10 minute wait times all the times I've been. They gotta get more people back there. We all thirsty :)
Whenever I'm on this side of town I stop by. Great selection of Boba,  fruit juices and Vietnamese desserts. There are a million choices and the staff is nice when you ask a bunch of questions. They will go e you suggestions based on what you like. I've been to both locations. I've since moved and wished there was one near me. It's a great option outside of China town for this type of thing. High recommended. Try something new!
Love this place! Wish we had a place like this in New York! My boyfriend and I came here after we had pho in the same area. 10/10 recommend.
This is definitely Vietnamese dessert heaven. This place is such a lifesaver during my hot days in Philly. Getting a cup of cold Che was not only refreshing, but it revived me!

The venue is small, but there are a few tables and comfy couches for those wanting to linger around to enjoy their dessert. There are plenty of options ranging from cold drinks to Vietnamese cocktail desserts. If you're not sure what an ingredient is, there is an entire display of jars at the counter. There are pictures everywhere too. I wish I had more time in Philly to try all the items on the menu!
The place is clean and quite cozy. They have some tables, chairs, and sofa. I felll in love with their dessert since the first time i ate it. Most of it have coconut milk. U can order smoothies or coffee too. 
I always order dessert number 5. It is avocado with some bubbles and jellies. I also love number 1 bambu special, young coconut, basil seed, pandan jellies with coconut water.
The price is normal. U can ask to separate the ice if u want to eat it at home. And it still good for the next day!
They are open. Call order only. I got my drink today (april 25). You hv to wait a bit. The girl taking the phone call order is also handle the pick up. The credit card charge is $15 min.
Finally tried their milk tea. Lychee flavor. The green (jasmine I believe) tea they use is nice and strong.... Maybe be a bit bitter to those not accustomed to Asian teas. The lychee flavor is light but really nice IMO.
Temp hour during Covid-19: Mon-Sun 11am-5pm
Only take phone order and need to wait outside for pick up
I really like tea, smoothies, drinks and dessert places in general. I was really excited about Bambu and trying out classic Vietnamese desserts. So far the ones I've tried were really good. It is a franchise place but the locations seems consistent with their drinks and desserts.
My daughter introduced me to this Vietnamese jelly drink after we had lunch at Pho 75 in south Philly Chinatown area.   It comes with shaved ice ball on top and you crush it with the long spoon to make it into a slurry.  Then you drink it with the bubble tea straw to suck the jelly.  I love the green Pandan jelly. It tastes like tapioca but is more chewy that you can enjoy the taste a little bit longer. The coconut milk is a great compliment to the jelly. 
The drink is a bit pricy ($5.09) but it is delicious!
Oh my goodness, the dessert specials here are amazing! It's like bubble tea on crack. The dessert specials have a coconut milk or coconut juice base, and then a number of toppings including taro, red/white/mung beans, bubbles, tapioca, grass jelly, and fresh coconut. My favorite is the #14, which is coconut milk with taro, red bean, and green pandan jelly. Their other drinks are delicious as well! They have an extensive menu of milk teas, regular teas, coffee drinks, and smoothies. All the ingredients are fresh, and every drink I've ever tried has been delicious! The service is quick, and it's usually pretty easy to find seating. Also, CASH ONLY, so don't forget to come prepared!
OMG. I wish I could eat this stuff everyday! Why does it have to be so out of the way on Washington Ave??  Despite the distance, I've probably been here a good 10 times.

The desserts and drinks they serve here are legitimately 5 times better than boring ol' bubble tea. For one, most bubble tea places taste so fake and everything comes from blended powder/sugar syrup with ice. Even the tapioca is laced with food coloring.  Well not here at Bambu. These are the freshest, most natural tasting yet mass produced drinks you will ever have. I don't know how they do it. They use ingredients like mung bean paste, coconut milk, coconut water, grass jelly, pandan, etc. Everything just tastes so real and never anything artificial or imitation (think jolly ranchers or 100% juice blends from concentrate). If you get something like coconut juice, it actually tastes like they made it on the spot.

I've tried many of the desserts here, but my favorite is the #4 (red tapioca, grass jelly, pandan jelly, jelly strands, and mung bean paste  topped with coconut milk).  The #4 and the #10 are pretty similar except the #10 doesn't have mung bean paste. The #2 is also a good one with a variety of sweet beans, traditional tapioca pearls, combo jelly cubes, and taro paste! I love the taro paste in the #2, but the texture of the combo jelly and tapioca pearls requires too much chewing.

I've also tried the Bambu Special #1, the avocado dessert #5, and the #6 the one with a lot of canned tropical fruit. I did not care for #1 and #6. #1 seriously looks really pretty like liquid jade but it is too sweet and the coconut meat is tough and hard to chew. #6 is filled with canned fruit like logan and lychees and I could not stand the canning syrup, again too sweet. The #5 is really interesting. It's basically a sweet guacamole or a avocado ice cream without the ice. It's dense and creamy but will never melt in your mouth, kinda like eating avocado icing. So weird. It will definitely fill you up though. I feel like they put at least 2 real avocados into the thing so it's worth the cost.

For drinks, I've tried the penny wort drink mixed with mung bean (too sweet), raspberry juice, and the strawberry tea. The strawberry tea is really good and really refreshing. Beware though it does come with basil seeds. I mention this because there's a poster of the strawberry tea on the wall but you can't tell it has basil seeds in it. The raspberry juice was way sweet and tasted more like strawberry juices honestly. 

The good thing is though, you can tell them to adjust the sugar and ice level in most of the drinks and desserts. Also, I didn't know this for a while but you can get a large size for $1.

For smoothies, I've only tried the sour sop. It tasted like a creamy tart apple smoothie!! Tart at first with a surprising creamy after taste, kinda like the green apple flavored Airhead candy. 

BEST OF ALL, the drinks here are impressively CONSISTENT. I've never had the same amount of consistency at ANY other coffee shop or drink place ever! Most places, your drink will vary with the barista or bar tender that makes it. Of all the times I ordered the #4 (at least 7 times), it always came out the same: same sweetness, same amount of jelly, same amount of coconut milk, same amount of ice (unless I request less ice). I don't know how they do it but that's effort and science right there. The ladies back in the kitchen would put most bar tenders to shame with their consistency.

Seriously, I don't think you can NOT like this place, except if you dislike texture in your drink which I found a lot of my non-Asian friends hate. In that case, you'd probably hate bubble tea, too. Bambu does have the usual cafe latte and smoothies though without the chunky toppings.

Lastly, I love the smell of this place (coconut milk heaven), the EDM they ALWAYS play on the wall mounted TV, the cozy red sofa against the wall, and the fact that most drinks cost $4.26 but they only charge you $4.25 to avoid the extra penny (dude, how can you keep doing this? How do you get your checkbooks to balance?). This place is so quirky and just my kind of quirky.

BAMBU owners, if you're reading this, you need to open a location in Rittenhouse or Chinatown. You would make bank! I would go there over Tea Do, Tea Chat, or Kung Fu Tea any day!
If you love bubble tea - you will LOVE this even more. I've never quite had anything like this before, and have become a firm believer now that I've tried it. 

Cool, refreshing, with a variety of textures, these drinks are colorful, unique, and most importantly, delicious. The ingredients may be unfamiliar to those not used to finding pieces of jelly, beans, or coconut in their drink. However, you will be surprised how well the ingredients and flavors meld together. I recommend starting with the preset combinations, and only wish I had discovered this place sooner!
Okay, so I might be a bit biased.  I am viet and I love che.  Unfortunately, I don't often go to south philly anymore since moving.  But I always want to grab some che ba mau from Bambu but I dread trying to drive and park in this lot.  Even so, it's totally worth it.  I love their selections of desserts.  I usually get the che ba mau or their che thap cam.  Since I'm always on the go, I usually get the ice separate so they seal the cups up.  Yes, I did bring six back up to NY with me.  

Cash only.
They have a sign by the register that states if you post a Yelp review, you'll get 10% off your tab. I guess that means people have to make a second trip back cuz obviously there's no way for us to Yelp before testing the item. 

This place is interesting. They have alot of different drinks to choose from. 

Giving all the hype, I was hoping that I could've given a four star. But on this rather hot spring/summer day, waiting for my drink to get cold was not what i had in mind to cool down.. 

Hubby and I got the #6 and #10.... Stirred and took our first sip.. Warm.. Stir some more to get the ice to mix and melt with the ingredients.. Less warm.. So... after some more stirs, and more ice melting our drinking started cooling down.. But not good enough. Maybe I'm impatient? I don't know.. But when it's so hot outside, I would rather take one sip and end with "ahhhh... this is gooood".. 

Maybe we'll go back to try something else. I have to see if I can get pass the waiting part for my drink to be cold enough to drink.
