I'll be concise.

1. Lukewarm pizza.
2. Became sick after eating here. I was not the only person from my group who had this issue.

This was not my choice for late night food, nor will it be in the future. I'm not even going to comment on their business name of choice. I guess I just did by saying that. Ah, well.

Basically, just no. I like pizza hot, and I don't like to feel ill after eating it.
One thing that is true is , yes they do have some pretty big ass slices of pizza. The pizza is ok, nothing to spectacular about it, nothing worth shouting about. If you look at their competition,  (I am not going to name drop their competitors) Big Ass Slice is just average. There is no "wow" factor to it, other than the size of their slice. I am not knocking these guys mind you. They get you in, out , and fed, filling a void you might have had. The staff working here they keep that fluid pace going, showing a great deal of patience with people unsure of their decision.

The pizza end of it , could be kept in the oven a little longer. Nobody is a fan of doughy pizza, and if you are then more power to you. If you don't know what "doughy" is , its when the dough isn't cooked enough. Perfect example would be grab a slice of bread, and start to form a bread ball, you'd see what I am talking about. 

In all these guys are ok, a few kinks here and there, which is an easy fix by the way . All you have to do is ask, and they will accommodate to your needs. Big Ass Slice , you get a big thumbs up.
I was walking buy yesterday, and I notice a lady with a huge slice of pizza. I was like omg it looks so good. I kind of interrupted her and asked and she pointed up to the sign "BIG ASS SLICE" I was so amazed on how enormous the slice of pizza was. We ended up going to National Constitution Center  the next day and saw we were a couple of blocks from the location (walking distance). As we walking we noticed it was a little chilly and the skies were getting gray. We managed to walk and arrive in ten minutes walking. We enter the restaurant and no one was there, but two minutes later I see someone coming up some stairs.  We looked at the menu and we ordered one BIG ASS cheese slice and one BIG ASS pepperoni slice with a can of Coca-Cola. 

We opted to sit in the inside due to the chilly weather. I was looking a little puzzled because I really didn't see a place for us to sit. But the cashier pointed to the left and there was an actual sitting area. Since my kids had two big slices I cut a side from each of the pizzas. I bit into the pepperoni and  the crust was very crunchy, cheese gooey and stretching as I bit into  it. The cheese pretty much the same thing, I added a little of parmesan cheese and little red pepper flakes to spice it up. My kids and I really enjoyed ours pizza and they chugged it down with the soda. The pizza were somewhat similar to New York slices of pizza. I have no complaints, we were happy campers. Visit if in the Philly area.
If size matters this is your spot. If you want a slice of pie with a flavorful sauce & crust, keep moving.  The Philly area has a deep  tradition of great pizza so just walk another block or eat something else. 
The back room is cozy with a tv. Be warned, it's really hot. The place is clean and the staff attentive just average pizza at best.
I normally come here for a plain " big ass " slice, which never fails. Today I opted for the BBQ chicken which tbh was a bit of a disappointment. 

I normally come here after a night of drinking because what's a better option when you're drunk and it's 1 am. Always opting for the plain or the pepperoni and always content. Venture out into the others and it gets a little tricky. 

This isn't the best pizza in town but far from.the worst. I'm only taking one star away on account of my BBQ chicken. Also, $10 bucks for a big ass slice and a water bottle seems ...well you know ridiculous but given that it's Olde City, I'll chalk it up to being downtown.
Pretty average. I stopped by on the evening of St. Patrick's Day, and the people in line were pretty obnoxious especially the girls who wore the green wigs in front of me. They were loud, drunk and vulgar. (Ladies, it's not ok to act like classless slobs in public!) The guys working there look like they were so over it, and it showed in their service. They were rushing just to get rid of the line, so pizzas were coming out warm and the pizzas sit on the counter until they can process the next customer. It's also a small place, so it even made the experience even worse. Very cramp, and not a lot of pizza choices. Needless to say, I was not really impressed.
My meeting in Olde City had ended and I was hungry. 

My options were plentiful- excellent cheese steaks, hot roast beef sandwiches, Cuban food, Cajun food - pretty much anything I could want was right there. 

Then, I saw the sign and my choice for where to eat was made for me  : Big Ass Slices. 

I'm a sucker for a slice of pizza pie. 

Now mind you, I had not realized this subset of pizza was really a thing: humongous slices of pizza pie.  But looking at the many huge pizza pie slice choices at Big Ass Slice it dawned on me - there really are other pizzerias that compete in the ginormous slice arena. I never realized that. 

For a long time, I thought Lorenzo's and Sons on South Street was the ONLY shop in the ridiculously large slice category. They only sell plain slices and numerous times I have waited in line due to an attack of the munchies late in the night.

Big Ass Slice has about 12-14 different pies to choose from besides plain such as buffalo chicken, veggie etc but I had to try the plain slice to see how they compare.

To begin with, the slice was BIG. Really big. It took three plates to contain it, although that was because the plates were those cheap, flimsy white plates that have been used as pizza slice plates since Pizza Shops started selling slices. 

The slice actually tasted alright. Sure, it dripped grease like a leaky car engine during the  fold and eat process but the cheese was tasty and the crust wasn't bad. 

No - This isn't NY Style crispy thin crust we are talking about here. This was droopy with a lame main crust in the back. 

But to me it blew away the tasteless plain slice of Lorenzo - at least during daylight hours when there was no alcohol in my system or blues music from the Twisted Tail ringing in my ears.

Would I ever make this a destination stop like Beddia or Pizza Brain? 

No way. 

But, if I ever find myself in Olde City around lunch time and looking for something fast to eat, I just might stop in again for another big ass slice. 

I give it 4 stars in the big ass slice category but only 2.5 when grading against the best pizzerias in the town.
Imagine my surprise when I realized that SoHo pizza was no more. It is now called Big Ass Slices. According to the cashier, it was sold in December and opened under the new management a couple months ago. They still use the corner oven to cook the pizza so it's essentially the same pizza just a bigger slice!

The service was decent; we got our food quick (there was no line) and they were friendly. The slices are also huge; there's a reason they're called Big Ass Slices! I'll definitely be back if I want a slice and I'm in the area.
Loved their big ass slices over at this spot! My only complaint would be the seating and it's hardly a complaint. The pizza was soooo good and you get your bang for you buck!

Decor is so awesome and they have funny t shirts with the name on it and a lady. Love that. Just wish there were tables to chill at but no biggie!

Big ass slices gets a good ass review from me.
I'm not sure what everyone else experienced but everyone we talked to tonight were super friendly.  We did go around 8 pm on a Sunday. 

There is one small table inside but lots of seating outside and for a random evening there were still a bunch of people there.  

We got 3 little slices (bbq chicken - omg, veggie, plain) and a big slice of plain.  The bbq chicken was amazing.  The others were good too except one it seemed they forgot the salt somewhere on it.  We also got the garlic knots but they didn't come with any sauce so beware.  Either way they were dry outside but so fresh and moist inside.  We'll go back when we can! 

Oh yea and our total was around 24 bucks with a medium size soda too.
The picture speaks for itself. The pizza used to be great, back when it was Soho. My job used to order 8-10 at a time for events or just for lunch. Just look at this slice (chicken, sun dried tomato and arugula), the chicken was bone dry, cheese is very cheap. Even after adding garlic, pepper flakes and oregano, the pizza was very bland. I never throw food away, but I couldn't waste the calories on this. Head to Gianfranco's instead.
Mediocre pizza and a silly concept of selling "little ass" or "big ass" slices. I once walked past with my 7 year old nephew and realized i can't even take him in because his mother wouldn't appreciate him coming home saying he had a little ass slice from big ass pizza!
For you spicy lovers out there, I highly recommend the Big ass slice of Pico de Gallo for $7. Let them know to make it well done/crispy. You won't regret it ;)
The staff was excellent and friendly! The team was taking excellent precautions during the pandemic.  

The pizza itself missed the mark. The pizza lacked sauce and was dried out after being reheated. I don't understand how you can mess up pizza, but I would only recommend going here if you're drunk are looking for a late night snack.
Decent, but undistinguished pizza, though they're not kidding that they are big-ass sizes. You can order a normal slice or a "big ass slice", which is the size of 2 regular slices for about the price of 1.5 slices.

Ordered a regular size veggie slice - I commend that the veggies were fresh. Something felt lacking in flavor, though I can't put my finger on it. The sauce and cheese could be better, but there is a nice garlic note in the crust.

Service was unnecessarily slow...I spent a few too many seconds waiting for the cashier to finish her conversation with a friend before she would notice me and take my order. I'm not a stickler for super-attentive service, but I felt awkward enough.

This spot will be your homebro if you find yourself extra ravneous and possibly drunk late at night around Olde City. 
Happy to have tried this spot, but I probably won't be back.
One of the worst places if you want to get late night pizza . The white guy in the white cutoff gave his boys the Pizza for free at 2:40am when they say they close at 3am. The manager might be the worst person in the world and tries to rip off Customers. If I were the paneer I'd fire him. He is trash and the restaurant is a reflection of him. Which is trash.
The big slice size of their pizza is basically what makes this place special. However, it doesn't taste anything out of the ordinary. I got the mushroom pizza (big slice). It was a somewhat bland pizza, I had to add many red pepper flakes and garlic powder to bring out the taste. Overall, the pizza is quite filling. 

The service was really quick and may not be the best but it is a grab to go bite type of place so that doesn't bother me too much. It doesn't have much seats inside. Parking around the area is easy (parking meters).
This is my pizza place of choice at lunchtime during the work week. Even though the line gets long, the staff is good at managing the flow so that customers don't wait more than 10 minutes.

The pizza slices are large and are not served so hot that they burn your tongue (good for inhaling as you run back to work). The pizza is pretty run of the mill taste-wise--the sauce and the toppings aren't stand out. Some of the flavor combos on the pizzas look good and I'll have to try others--in particular their meat lovers' looks good. 

I like that they focus on just serving pizza, although I miss the stellar chocolate chip cookies Soho used to have. However, they retained the combo from the Soho days where you get two slices and a soda for ~$6, so I don't mind too much.
This is the best pizza in Philly. The slices are HUGE and sooo good. Sometimes I just crave a slice of pizza from Big Ass. Then add an order of tater tots and I'm in heaven! Definitely worth a trip!!
My new "go to" place for pizza downtown!  
Delicious, creative, and simply big ass pizza. Friendly staff, clean restaurant. What more could you ask for to satisfy your afternoon or late night pizza cravings?
Unbelievable. Cheese steak slice? I was skeptical. But then, heaven. I'll be dreaming about it and might "Whiz" (haha) the bed ‍.
This place was really good before until some idiot decided to remove the brick oven and went to a regular pizza oven. The pizza has no flavor it was horrible and boring. I don't recommend it. Not going back!
I stopped at the Big Ass pizza place. Got a slice, took one bite, and tossed it. They have some nerve to charge $3 a slice
The pizza was HUGE and nearly burnt. It's a fun experience to go and see what they have to offer and to watch little kids try to tackle slices bigger than their heads. 

The tater tots are the best part.
Just had pizza from this place tonight. It was disgusting. My BBQ chicken pizza had dry, strange colored chicken on it. My Hawaiian pizza was crunchy and had no taste of pineapple on it. My BF has pepperoni pizza and it was extremely oily and soggy. It was gross. I recommend Gianfrancos pizza instead.
I was with some friends in Old City who had heard some hype about this place. We decided to go in for a try. The way the menu works is that you order a "big ass slice," which is 1/4 of a standard pizza pie and essentially 2 normal slices. Or, you could order a "little slice,"which is about 1 standard pizza slice.

I wasn't too hungry, so I went for the "little slice." I am personally a white pizza fan, so I went for a white slice. The employees were somewhat friendly, and I was pleasantly surprised to see that even the smaller slice I had ordered was definitely large than one slice from a standard pizza. My friends had ordered a variety of flavors and slice sizes. For a "big ass slice," it's about 6 dollars. Even though you get a lot, you're essentially paying how much you would for 2 normal slices.

In terms of flavor, I found that my pizza as well as the flavors I had tried from my friends was about average. It was tasty pizza, but it wasn't anything exceptional. The actual cafe has a little sitting area in the back, which happened to be VERY hot. I don't know how much the thermostat is in their control due to hot pizza ovens, but this is definitely the hottest pizza shop I've ever sat in.

Overall, we had a decent experience. They have a pretty good flavor variety, and the quality is decent for what you pay. I don't know if I'd go out of my way to come here again, but if I were in the area it's worth paying a visit.
Bought the pizza. Worst service I have ever seen. Didn't realize manners what such a taxing activity. Talking about the customer in front of the customer just shows really good service (sarcasm). I will never come back nor will I recommend this place to anyone. Also as I was leaving they shouted to yelp about it so thank you.
Agree with most other reviews. Pizza is okay (5/10). The "BIg-Ass
 slices are actually two normal (1/8th of a pie) slices combined...so its 1/4 of a pizza pie for about $5. Normal (1/8th of a pie) slices are about $3. Cool name and great location...just wish the pizza was distinguished.
Not only is the pizza bad, it's served cold. They don't even pretend to heat it up. I was actually served pizza that had been cooked two hours ago with no effort to reheat it. On top of that, the server was rude. I understand it was late and he was probably tired, but not an excuse to be mean to a customer. Don't waste your time, it's overpriced and a waste of money. And the pizza tastes bad!
I work in the area of this Pizza Joint and I never really paid too much attention and one faithful day, I was having lunch with a friend and we decided to give it a try.  Let me say..glad we did!! 
I could tell from the steady stream of customers (always a good sign) that this pizza must be ok.  Well, it was better than ok - it was YUMMY!!  I had a slice of the BBQ Chicken and it was probably one of the best that I have had.  The slice as "Big" as the name suggests.

Tip:  If you are in the area during lunch - they have a combo special.  The prices are pretty good considering they are located in an upscale area.
Just strolling through old city and my 1 year old son saw pizza and became extremely excited. He politely states "Daddy, stop, peeezaaaa". I'll be honest, I usually tend to only eat the chain pizza places. But the kid was excited, so I stopped in. So, to put it simply, that's some really good pizza. The name tells you the size of the slice you'll be getting. Large variety of toppings, but the cheese is amazing. I live in Manayunk, and will have no problem finding my way to old city and fight for a parking spot to get a slice or 3.
I would give them zero stars if I could. So today I go in there and I'm trying to order two cheese slices and a white slice it's pretty crowded it's extra hot in there because of the oven and the line is mad long. I get up there I order my slices and one slice is put in a box and then were told as I see the woman putting another slice on top of the slice that was already in a box with a cheese that they only had one box so I asked her if she could please put it in a bag. At this point one of the people who work there became upset and threw my cheese slices in the bag bag. At that point I told him I don't even want the pizza because all of the cheese was already stuck to the top of the bag she then insisted to argue with me about that it was not sticking to the bag. not being on top of the bag I told her to cancel my order all together because their attitude stunk. Then she started to mumble something under her breath I asked her what she said because if there was a problem we can take it outside because I would kick her ass. I will never go back to this place again everybody who goes he should go to Pizza brain they treat you a little bit nicer.
Yes. It's a big ass slice. 

But another A word applies here. 

Average. 

It's good enough. The crust is nice and crispy. Doesn't flop. 

They skimp a little on the cheese and sauce for my taste. Feels like the dough is more the star of this slice instead of the flavor if that makes sense. 

On the Dave Portnoy scale, 6.8.
Came here when I was in the area and I thought the pizza was OK. Greasy and quick. The "big slice" is literally just two regular slices not cut .... get it? Eh. The jig is up.
Grabbed a piece of pizza tonight, and immediately after paying, your doormoon kicked us out into a torrential downpour. There was plenty of room under the covering, but he insisted we leave or go around the corner and literally put his leg up in the air across the entrance to prevent us from reentering. I'd work on your customer service and attempt to care about your patronage. I understand tight spaces and needing room for entering customers, but there were none. And you just prevented 5 from returning.
Decent, a-okay pizza that increases in deliciousness based on how drunk you are. I admit to coming here a few times after a night out at the bars nearby. You are not going to bite into the most amazing pizza you've ever tasted but it will get the job done if you are hungry and inebriated.
Clearly, it seems that "Big Ass Slices" is catering to the drunken, illiterate rabble who can be found lumbering around Old City on a Friday or Saturday night. Even in the afternoon, however, when families are out with their children, the employees here ask, "Do you want a big ass slice or a little ass slice?" The vulgarity doesn't bother me, but I think they're pushing the gimmick too far.

The food here is OK. Nothing special. Sort of tastes cheap. Soho Pizza (which this shop replaced) was much better. 

The staff seems nice and is friendly, but I usually don't take the time to stop into this place. I prefer to ship my "ass" to other pizza establishments, to be honest.
The pizza is 4-5 star quality. I've gotten barbecue chicken twice and cheese once. The big ass slices are the size of quarter of a pizza pie! The ingredients are good quality and they don't skimp. Very tasty and filling. A big ass slice of barbecue chicken was about $7.50, which I don't think I've ever paid for before for one slice, but that was enough for a whole meal. It's not one of those dainty pizza places.

Very casual dining, with a few seats and a round table in the back. They have bathrooms and 3 TVs. When I went they were showing Sunday night football, loved it. 

Like any pizza place, don't get slices that have been sitting out all day. They are always dry. Always get what they recently cooked up!
Big Ass pizza is very good. Fresh ingredients, quality ingredients and good customer service. Will reccomend to friends. I had the chorizo, roasted pepper and vadlia onion white pizza. YUMMY!
Pizza was not bad. Above mediocre but not great. Quite big, but not abnormally large. About the equivalent of two slices, so if you're like me you may need to order 2 or a small ass slice to go with it. Very friendly service, would most likely return.
The slices were ok. Not great ..... pizza crust was floppy and not crispy at all . The Breakfast slice tasted dry and old .. The only positive was the cashier / waitress was very nice and the place was clean . There were no other employees visible just the girl who waited on us .
Went here for a quick bite. Pizza comes out quick. The slices are really big. $5.50-7.00. We got the pepperoni and buffalo chicken. They were okay. Probably wouldn't come back. It's more of a place to go after drinking.
The only reason this gets 2 stars is because they had a variety of options. Went to Big Ass Slice on a tip from Facebook. Flash forward:  
Ordered: 1. Big ass slice cheesteak, 2. Small cheese, 3. Small veggie. 
The "big ass" cheesteak was literally two small slices not cut into two. The meat was dry and lifeless, didn't taste like beef. 
The veggie slice had diced tomatoes, red onion and broccoli. No flavor whatsoever.
The plain cheese slice was tasteless, thank goodness for the shaker of powder garlic. 
All together, cheese had no flavor, sauce had NO flavor, dough was too doughy for how little sauce they put on it. Would not recommend if you are a person who likes flavor, don't order from here. Or bring a bottle of hot sauce with you to kick it up a notch. Don't sit inside, you'll die from heat exhaustion on a summer day. Bathroom looked and smelled like a horse stall filled with month old dry hay. Your welcome.
Pizza is awesome, the slices are HUGE. My boyfriend and I got a large ass pizza of pepperoni and extra cheese. It was so good that we were filled quickly and had to take the rest Home.
Lovedddd this place! Im from NY but this pizza spot in Philly beats a few places out here. Definitely recommend it
Went in to grab a slice with my co-workers at lunch. We had the worst customer service experience ever. The women behind the counter didn't offer to help us , didn't acknowledge anything. We spent 20 mins trying to get a slice. Not worth it
This place has great pizza. I come here when I am in Philadelphia and always get a couple of slices. 2 slices take up two paper plates. Prices are what you expect in the city.
It had to be 2:30 a.m. with a line out the door. I recognize that it was the end of night and pushing closing time, but the "Big Ass Slices" were not "Big Ass Slices." 

It actually reminded me of the "No soup for you" guy. How dare a customer ask for more than one slice or something other than cheese. By the time I got up to the counter, they started cutting the slices in half and still wanting to charge the "Big Ass Slice" price. 

It was late and people were drunk, but don't skimp on your normal size slice and expect people to pay the same. Especially when you see other patrons receiving the normal sized slices. The pizza is okay...it served its purpose, but it's no Lorenzo's or Lazaro's.
Pizza was delish and the service was amazing!! Big ass slices were truly just that, big ass and delish
It's a small place in Old City. There isn't much seating available inside just one small table. More seating is available outside but that is weather dependent. There are variety of pizzas and slices available and its a lot cheaper to get one big ass slice (which in reality is two) than two regular slices separately. Customer service was quick and friendly and patient with my drunk friend. I ordered pineapple big ass slice which was delicious. Definitely will return again.
think some of the reviews here are a bit harsh. 

In my honest opinion, the prices are a bit high for what ur getting, but the pizza here is solid. 

We ordered 2 pepperoni, 1 big, 1 small. They put it in the fire oven to reheat it up and blam...you got a nice hot pizza. Cheese was on point and sauce was light. The crust was soft with a light crisp to it and I couldn't ask for anything else. 

It's like your average New York slice pizza...solid and you can't go wrong. It won't be your gourmet pizza your looking for, but before coming in here...you should've known that.
This little pizza parlor was everything you expect in a cool neighborhood like Olde City, not only is the slice ginormous (thus the apropos title of big ass slice)  it was also delicious! However, the best part was the service!  Literally the friendliest, funniest folks we met when visiting Philadelphia! What a treat to converse with locals whom offered wonderful suggestions and provided kind attention! An absolute "must stop" when you find yourself in Philly!
Only place close to the bars around it to eat after the bar closes, very slow service. We also ordered to go boxes and the pie was everywhere, cheese on box, meats are scattered in the box.. We should have checked it before leaving the place to complain, but that will take another 1 hour.. So nevermind. The pizza was mediocre
I was really surprised by this place. What I expected  was big ass slices very similar to Lorenzo's. What I got was pizza better than most places I've been to in Philly. We went around 2am and there was a pretty long line since all the bars let out, but it was well worth the wait. 

What's nice is they have many of their specialty pizzas already made, and will throw your slices into the brick fire oven (another nice touch). We had the buffalo chicken pizza which was awesome. Unlike Lorenzo's, I would actually go to this place sober.
Couldn't be happier!! Being from upstate Vermont this is the first thing we stumbled upon, and what a delight! Good portion for your dollar, prime location, impressive food and even better employees. Owner introduced herself and was incredibly sweet. Expect great service, and of course--BIG ASS SLICES! Can't wait to stop by more throughout our stay here :)
RULE #1 - If you have never been here before you need to make sure you ask to see the 'big ass' slice. It's HUGE. I'll admit. I ordered the 'little ass'.  It still hit the spot!!!! It's New York style thin crust and in my opinion it's got the right amount of grease and bread to make it just right. 

And when I say just right - keep in mind I had just landed in Philly from a shitty flight on American Airlines (i travel alot and AA is by far the worst) from Cleveland, a lite rail ride and metro ride to get to my hotel and I stumbled into this place totally by accident after checking into hotel and not having eaten lunch.

I took my slice and sat out front at one of their tables on the sidewalk and happily munched my pepperoni and sausage little ass slice and watched the world go by.  I highly recommend it. :)  It seriously adjusted my attitude that day.
One of the best options in the city if you're drunk and leaving the bars late at night. Like any late night after hours place, you can't really expect any top notch service from people. Tons of options from a variety standpoint. Personally only go here after drinking, don't see myself going any other time.
Changed my mind about this place... last couple times the dough was cakey and too thick and there was way too much cheese on the slice with oil everywhere. I could definitely tell it was some kind of cheap-ass goopy cheese. Yikes.
Small cute place in a great spot with tons of different varieties of pizza. The bbq chicken big ass slice was outstanding. 
Staff was a bit dry with no humor or personality. Wish they were with such a great name for an establishment. 
Anywho, drinks for $3 is crazy but I guess based on the location it is what it is. 
I def recommend trying them out. So worth the try.
Horrible quality if you order a whole pizza. It's convenient bc of it's location but the pizzas are horrible! Not a bad place to stop for a late night slice but they do not put the same care into making a whole pie if you get it to go. We've given them multiple chances and been very disappointed each time. It's a shame bc the last place that was there, Soho, was always really good.
Very good slices. Definitely can recommend this. Sauce is a little spicy, but not too much. Be aware  the big slice is like 2 regular. Worth the visit
Their pizza would be ok if it was cheaper, but it's not. It's $5.50 for a big slice (really just two slices uncut). Add a topping and a small regular slice is closer to $4 which would be fine if it was great pizza, but it's not. It's like any other slice from any other mediocre pizza place.
Open until late at night, but what they have available is limited the later it is at night.  I would recommend getting a plain slice over most of the other toppings.  

I tried a slice of plain and a slice of BBQ chicken pizza.  The BBQ chicken was dry and not very flavorful.  The plain wasn't bad.  It wasn't dry, but there wasn't anything that distinguished it.  

It was the closest option for us that was still open at about 2:30 am.  I was just happy to eat something, but I wouldn't go back.
This place definitely lives up to their name. The slices are big indeed. With that being said I feel like it can be a hit or miss. I've eating here multiple times and sometimes the pizza is good other times it could be dry and very crunchy (not just the crust either). Sometimes I can eat 2 slices other times it's a struggle getting through 1. This is a place you go to with someone else and split a slice. Honestly I have never noticed or thought about the rest of their menu until now. Like do they even serve other pizzeria foods. The location is perfect especially in warmer months. You can grab a slice and head over to Penns landing.
Terrible.
Customer service - zero
Girl at the register need serious customer service training if they're gonna charge that kind of $$

BigAzz slice? More like a bigAzz ripoff.

Or maybe it depends in who the customer is to get an actual BigAzz slice.
This incident took place about 10 minutes ago (feb 6th 11:05 pm) so it is fresh in my mind. I ordered a large slice of barbecue chicken. Because it was cold outside I decided to finish the slice inside and head back to the bar I walked over from. One of the employees told me I could eat it at the bar next door instead of the restaurant I ordered it from. Annoying because It seemed like they just wanted me out of there. Whatever no big deal. I went to the random bar (next door) they instructed me to eat my slice at and found a large piece of plastic in the slice and brought it back to the same employee. Rather than apologize or offer me a new slice (standard restaurant response?) he just looked at it and said nothing. I wasn't confrontational or accusing I just said "I wanted to let you guys know there was a giant slice of plastic in my slice." So I was willing to let it slide until they literally said nothing when I brought the shard of plastic back. I guess it was a tasty shard of plastic but I will not be returning here.
Terrible thin pizza, and I love thin pizza. This was more like uncooked dough pizza. And male cashier with beard was rude.
Meh. It's not as good as it used to be when it was Soho. It's fine if you're drunk,  I guess. 

Otherwise, there are a bunch of better pizza options in the neighborhood.
Ernesto knows his pizza. That chicken parm blew my socks off. He makes me want to come back every weekend.
Came here 1 time and never returned -- the people that work late night are incredibly rude and distracted... I tried to pay for my slice and the person at the register was texting and talking to everyone else around them except me. Don't waste your time going here.. just go to Sonny's next door for a late night munchie if you need it.
Some of the best slices around (especially if you demand great crust!).  The new owner or manager really improved the environment.  Order two slices and get a free soda . .  and a free box!  Quick and easy lunch!
If I could give this place a negative number I would. They are unresponsive, and did not deliver the pizza whatsoever.
I use to love this place. Now it's over priced and under flavored.  I got garlic knots that tasted like bread with a tad of seasoning on the top. My pizza tastes like the knots and sauce with a taste more flavor. Service wasn't that great either. Not a good look for $10.
Amazing selection - I had the chorizo and was blown away. My wife loved the veggie. We sat outside and watched the people go by on Market Street. Saw lots of other folks enjoying tater tots, too.
Pizza was average, slice was big. The cashier on the other hand was slow, rude and probably the worst ever. If he weren't so terrible I would've given 3 stars.
By far, the best vegetarian pizza I've had in Philly and their mozzarella sticks are to die for. You really can't go wrong with their mozzarella sticks - I was in cheesy heaven. They were perfectly crisp and phenomenally cheesy. Service was great and our food came out super quickly. 

Also, Jeff and his wife are super friendly and welcoming and always make sure that their customers leave satisfied.
Yummy pizza. The veggie was amazing. Broccoli should be on pizza more often. It was really good and yeah huge ass slices. The guy making the pizza was super nice and welcoming but the cashier seemed to be annoyed by my business. Definitely would recommend and go back.
This pizza is simply not very good.  The proportion of sauce to cheese is off.  All the ingredidents taste very processed.  The crust was the worst part - absolutely bland; tasted like clay.
Stopped in for a couple of slices before work. Was not that great dried out and you could tell pizza has been sitting there for a while. Not bad for a late night slice I guess but def was worth the money paid. Staff was very friendly though!
Left a late show and had to get dinner fast. This place was one of the last places open. The pizza is not good. My girlfriend and I paid $20 for four slices and a water bottle. They were bland, not fresh, and yet somehow left an awful taste in my mouth. Only bright spot was the water, which was somehow able to wash out the taste. 

Atmosphere was also delightfully trashy.

Do not recommend. Would recommend going hungry instead.
The pizza is fine, but pretty unremarkable. The only notable thing is the size of the slice, but it's really just two pieces uncut. The staff is very kind and friendly, and the garlic knots are good. For the quality, it's a little pricey-- I got one "big ass slice" and a garlic knot and it was $9 total. One plus is that it's open very late unlike a lot of other quick bites in old city.
My favorite place to make a pit stop after a long night of drinking. Is it the best pizza I've ever had? Nope. But it sure does the job of sobering you up after 7 shots of whiskey or 5 Citywide Specials! Besides the action outside is a blast! We usually order 2 slices that get devoured on the sidewalk.
This place is great, almost every time I've been in the area I will make a point to stop by for a slice and a beer. And the name just pops out at you too. Staff is always friendly when I come in, and quick about getting your slice ready. I will not say it is the best I have had, but it is very, very close to the top of my personal list.
Walking around Philly, we decided to find a place for a quick slice of pizza.  Stumbled upon Big Ass Slices, and decided to try it.  Not paying attention to the name, we each ordered 1 slice.  When my husband brought it out to the table, I was amazed as how BIG it was!!!  It is basically 1/4 of a huge pizza.  The cheese was plentiful and gooey, and the crust had just the right amount of crisp to it.  I couldn't eat my entire slice, but my husband did.  It was delicious and just what we were craving.  The cost was very inexpensive as well. They offer soda and water, but they are also affiliated with the bar next door where you can get a beer, if that's what you desire.  Highly recommend.
Absolutely fantastic Pizza!  Great atmosphere and just a short walk from the Liberty Bell.   The employees were super nice and the Pizza was perfect.  Crispy and thin crust, tasty sauce and perfect amount of cheese and toppings!
So, this was a miss for me, although I will say that the onion rings and fries were spot on. 

Came here last night after arriving into Philly.  We wanted to get to a cheesesteak but all the local places were closed.

Found this place nearby and loved the name!  I ordered the white pizza however, I wanted it red instead of white.  I'm not sure what got lost in the translation, but, as you can tell from the picture, what a "red" pizza that I meant versus what I got were two different things.

My "pizza" (I use that term very loosely) was a giant ball of dough with what seemed to be an endless supply of sauce.  The sad part was that the cheese underneath wasn't even melted through.. and, while I tasted the garlic, the other toppings that were supposed to be on it, seemed to be either left off or totally washed away from the entire jar of sauce used on the pizza.  You can see from the picture that this was a BIG A$$ mess.

I'm not sure how it got messed up.. all I wanted was the white pizza as described on the menu, with some red sauce cooked into it like any other pizza is sauce, not poured on top like I got (and I've NEVER seen anything like this before).  It became quite a chuckle at the table because the rest of the table got their food and the server mentioned that they were still working on my pizza and had to use the top oven because the cheese wasn't melting.  

Just for clarification.. if I had ordered a pepperoni pizza, it would come with cheese, pepperoni and sauce.  Not an entire jar of sauce.. just some.  That's all I wanted.  What I got was an entire circle of sauce, which was on dough and cheese that wasn't even melted.  I should have told the server that this wasn't what I wanted, but I always feel weird sending things back and didn't want to wait more time for a replacement as it was already getting late.

My friend had a BLT and she said it was extremely dry.  The fries and onion rings which were also ordered were good (extra star for this).

I'd probably stick to the regular pizza's if I were to come back as I'm not sure they know what adding sauce to a pizza means and might be better off sticking to the regular "recipes".  

Their "big ass" slices were definitely big.  Realistically, should have ordered a single slice and called it a day rather than the personal sized pizza but didn't realize what a hot mess of a pizza I'd be getting.
Solid choice for pizza. The deal here with the big slices is essentially each big ass slice is about 2 large slices of pizza together. Concept is great and pretty decent price. I also saw they had a variety of tater tots you could get with a bunch of different toppings. Overall good place to stop for a quick pizza.
