My girlfriend and I followed up a boozy brunch with a visit to Blume, and sadly, I just don't get the hype. Yes, the place is cute and Instagram worthy, but the purple rain cocktail I got was so disappointing that I didn't even finish it. The menu said it came with gin, lavender, lemon and rosemary, and to be honest, all I tasted was the gin. My friend got the same drink and agreed. 

Service was decent. Although the bartender wasn't very friendly, she was prompt. The hostess on the other hand was very kind which I appreciated. It's always nice to get a warm welcome!

The music is loud, and the bright colors and cool wall hangings make it really trendy. Sadly, the lighting was pretty dim the day that I was there so I found it difficult to get a good shot. It was also gloomy out so I'm sure that didn't help. 

After all the buzz, I'm glad I checked this place out but I can't say I'm in any rush to return. My drink was pretty meh and, honestly, I just wasn't that impressed overall. I'd say Blume is worth checking out if you want to see the decor but my one time visit was enough for me.
I've been wanting to visit Blume since the day they opened. We had planned for a Sunday evening but with weather being iffy,  changed reservation to Saturday at 6. I personally don't think the reso was 100% needed since there was plenty of seating open when we arrived.  I did notice larger groups showing up around 7 or 8.

I do love a festive bar.  Good amount of a Christmas feel in here,  but I think they should have put away the extra boxes of whatever what was in them that were out crowding the expo line. 

Our server,  very friendly but really,  really long time to get to back to the table after the initial greet and when ready to leave.  Super slow to fill water glasses. I got the Purple Rain and it was delicious. The blistered green beans and shishito peppers were very tasty but a bit pricey for what the dish was. My friend did not enjoy the burger (never asked what temperature she wanted it cooked to) and the fries she said were lackluster. 

The menu seemed all over the place,  no real flow to it. And no desserts!? The place smelled of delicious melted chocolate so no idea where that was coming from. 

Not really a place I'm planning to head back to unfortunately.
Came here a few weeks ago - few days after the grand opening.... 

Inside was pretty ... the Blume sign on the ceiling is lovely 

Our group of gals were unable to make reservations online since the number was not posted anywhere... and when we came - staff said that reservations were full but were free to hang around the bar and some first come first serve seating near the bar. Luckily we were able to snag some seating near the bar after 30 mins . We had drinks and apps. 

Drinks were eh. I ordered the purple rain cocktail but was not impressed . Didn't even look purple - not even a hint.

Apps

The salmon tartine was pretty good! 

The loaded fries ... eh / average 

The Kung Pao Calamari was good

The margarita flatbread was ehhh

Hopefully they posted the telephone by now but if not here it is ... had the greeter give it to me lol ... 267-761-5582

Menu was slightly hard to read unless super close up
Chill and hipster vibe away from the crowds. Great negroni. RACHED banh mi sandwich. 

+ seating for days no matter the size of your crew.  Check out the Huge seating area for a "private" group of 20 friends. Awesome spot for it. 
+ welcoming host staff
+ open kitchen concept but there is no counter or tables which look in. 
+ draught beer taps go on for yards and yards. Probably 40-50 on tap! Cool!
+ really great vibe for a central city hangout!

But this is yelp and it's about the food and it was RACHED!

## banh mi. Korean "roasted chicken", my ass! That was the nastiest RACHED pork, drowned in a pitiful gloopy gloop sauce I have ever endured. And I had only one bite. 
## fries cold and dead, old. 
## roll would be better described as a pretzel loaf, hard, chewy, not what i expect for a banh mi. 

Maybe next time. Enjoy the drinks and the peeps instead.
Blume, sorry- you were probably the worst restaurant I've ever eaten at. Ever. (This restaurant was made for Instagram and not anyone that actually likes food that isn't out of a Costco bag)

We were a six person reservation for a birthday. We ordered the calamari, shishitos, lobster flatbread, fig flatbread, beef kebab and loaded fries as apps for the table. When we sat our server told us they were out of the cotton candy drink, gruyere sticks and something else and then said "the kitchen is extremely behind". That should've been the red flag to get up and leave then. 

The food is really just awful. Our calamari took literally well over an hour to come out. We forgot about it. And when it came out, it was ice cold? Like it hadn't been near a stove, oven or frier in a very long time. The fries were definitely out of a freezer bag too and slopped with some ground beef and cheese soup. The lobster flatbread smelled so fishy that half the table didn't even try it. The beef kebabs looked insanely unappetizing- I should've taken a photo. They were like deep fried logs of ground beef. Interesting, right? More (barely) similar to a kofte 

The drinks are okay. I had the purple rain which tasted like kool-aid. Not a fan. A few people had the em blum and said it was pretty good. They have a pretty awesome beer list. 

The food runners, albeit super friendly, were dropping food on the wrong tables left and right. At one point one stood between our table and the table next to us and said "which table ordered the salmon?" Haha can't make this stuff up.  

And then we sat directly next to what I guess is their storage glass storage room? My friend had what looked like bug spray and a bag of trash inches for her face.... 

End of story- they didn't charge us. Not a single penny. We weren't really even sure why? Nobody had complained (that I know of). Granted it was pretty awful all around from service to drinks to waiting for ever for cold food. Very generous, especially for six people with a few rounds of drinks.

Go here for some drinks and take some pics of the decor. Eat literally anywhere else.
the food is SO BAD. SO BAD. atmosphere is cool (?) and the menu looks cool and it's a cool idea but the food makes no sense. We saw a waitress there order pizza for dinner instead of eating from the kitchen if that says anything. The cheese plate looked like it was unpacked from an airplane meal. I'm sorry we went there Henry, this is my formal apology.
When you want a great dining experience, I think you need to do some research to find a good spot that suits you.  Our local friends found Blume and wanted to try it because it was new.  I didn't have the benefit of looking into it before I went there, so it was not a good fit for me.  My review is, therefore,  slightly influenced by that.  

I wouldn't say the experience was bad - it just wasn't what I like in a restaurant.  It is loud, crowded and busy.  And it is young. We were by far the oldest people in the room at the ripe old age of 50.  Again, not necessarily a bad thing, but if you expect a certain level of polish and service, you won't get that here.  

The menu is a bit all over the place.  Avocado parfait? Chicken satay?  Kung pao calamari?  The gruyere cheese sticks were very good but it was a hodgepodge of items.  The salads we had were HUGE.  That Caesar salad was a giant mound on a dinner plate.  The price was reasonable but not what one expects as a first course.  The dressing seemed nonexistent.  The heirloom tomato salad was good but also a little oversized for a starter for one person considering we also had 2 appetizers and entrees.   My Margherita flatbread was fine but covered in a layer of oil that I thought was unnecessary.   

My biggest gripe of the evening was after the appetizers, when 3 of us had salads to start, the server also brought the fourth person's entree at that time.  When we flagged down our server, she said "we serve everything family style here so it comes out when it is ready.  Is that okay?" Umm... that's not what family style means.  That's just lazy on the part of the server, the kitchen or both.  

Finally, when the table of 3 next to us left, they seated a table of 5 next to us.  But they only left one chair with the banquette, so 4 young ladies squeezed on the banquette next to us while only one sat in a chair.  Why did it have to be so crowded?  Somebody bring this girl a chair!   Then as we got up to leave, those ladies made a loud dash to claim our table.  I don't blame that on the restaurant, but another sign of the general age of the patrons.  

Squeezing through the crowded bar, dodging selfies and backpacks, we made it out to the sidewalk and into the peace and quiet of the street.  I don't recommend this restaurant if you are older than 30.
Came here for restaurant week and had a memorable experience, unfortunately for bad reasons. Upon arriving for reservation we were seated at a high top table against the wall. Asked for a regular table and was told, by the gatekeeper host, it wasn't possible. Nearby tables sat unseated for about 10/15 minutes. Around 12 minutes after being sat the server finally arrived, in the weeds, (confused and flustered) speaking to us as if we were a different table she had already been dealing with. The evening continued as follows...

* Purple drink looked nice but tasted bland and just of gin
* Had to request napkins
*Had to request silverware
*Main entree arrived 45 minutes after 2nd course. Meanwhile other tables seated after us with same server as well as different server had their food in a timely manner. 
* Requested box for apps and was told, almost immediately, that boxes had ran out. For the next hour we watched other parties depart with boxed and bagged food.
*Had to walk the check myself into the open kitchen alley and request another server to get my server that was preoccupied on her cellphone with her bacK to me. 
*Braised beef not tender and some parts hard shards similar to undercooked pasta stuck together. 

The ambiance is nice for insta fomo pics, aside from the clearly dead plants, however the food is just okay. Ranged from standard at home cooking profiles to college dorm room bon appétit! Add in our server being either incompetent or biased towards us or very well both, makes Blume a hard pass for future philly dining visits.
It's been SO long since I've written a review, but my experience at Blume brought me back. Short story - it's terrible. I mean it's fine if you want to take a photo for instagram, but you could make a flower ceiling anywhere, and not try to charge people for drinks there. 

I met a date there (and had suggested the spot) because I thought that it was a natural wine bar, or at least a bar that specialized in natural wine. Though a few great bars in the city do (VStreet, Vedge, some selection at others) it's not common, so I was excited to go. Big mistake. 

Hostess was extremely flustered for 5pm on a Friday - she seemed to want us to do her job for us. We briefly got seated at a dirty table in the lounge section and were about to order drinks when she "found" us a two-seater at the back. I took a glance at the menu (which truly is all over the place), but as a vegetarian, there were no starters for me, so I skipped. I was there mostly for the wine, anyway. 

Our server was very young, and very untrained. I asked her about the wines at the top of the list, and she actually said "I know some wine words but I don't know what they mean. I don't know anything about wine. I think that one is sweet? " Um, what? I asked about another section of the list, and she told me "well, these wines come by the glass and then these wines come by the bottle." Girl, I know. It's printed on the menu. Not only did she not have any wine knowledge, she didn't have any service knowledge. 

I've done my time in the industry, and try to be understanding, but this was next-level. There is obviously no staff training or educations - they are just throwing young girls in there and hoping it goes well. I don't enjoy paying for summer banana-stand service. While I'll waitress did ask every 5 minutes "is everything all right?" I don't know what she would have done if it wasn't. I gave up hoping for her help in the first 5 minutes. 

So I ordered wine blindly, and it turned out to be fine, so I guess that was a win? 

Philly is a restauarant city. If you think you can be successful by just glueing a few flowers to the ceiling, you're in the wrong town.
Cute place, horrible food. 

This place is super cute and not to mention their Cotton Candy drink is to die for!!! But it ends there. I am giving this place 3 stars for the service, the atmosphere and the cute drinks they sell here. The bathroom was pretty clean minus the fact that the sink was overflowing with water and there was water all over the floor. 

Check this place out so you can snap about the cute decor but do not try their food!
Blume media event. Thank you Blume!! Thank you @diningonadime!! Great meeting the guys from @werjustgrubbin!! Great event!! I have no idea what I ate, even with a card discribing the food, but it was great!!
Disappointment. 
I will regularly give a spot another chance after a negative experience before a review.  But I honestly just don't want to go back.  
The decor is really cool - that's about it. 
The food was mediocre- we had the guyère cheese sticks and the salmon tartine. 
the coating/crust on the guyère cheese sticks was soggy and tasted like it was cooked in old oil. the flavor of the cheese never really comes through for its fighting the bitter, scorch flavor on the outer crust. 
The salmon tartine was one note and that note was salt. And I love salt!! But definitely not like this. 
We didn't finish either plate of food. 
We ordered two drinks - a vodka and a beer which sat empty after consumption.  
Which brings me to service.  Simply awful, from the beginning. 
I made a reservation through OT and when we arrived we were offered to sit at the bar, which we gladly accepted. 
The hostess then said she would cancel my OT reservation.  I said, please don't cancel but confirm it, I am here.  What happened? She cancelled it. 
When we sat at the bar we were met with frowns and attitude.  As interesting as the layout and decor is, we really felt like we were bothering the bartender by our presence.  We were keeping her away from chatting in huddle of other employees and waitstaff. 
A different bartender came on shift and had no idea what food we ordered nor did he bother to offer another drink. 
When he asked how the food was I responded with 'ok'. 
He said 'just ok' and I replied with a 'yes' - to which he shrugged and walked away. 
We watched people seated at tables come to the bar to close out their tabs - that happens when the server is MIA.  Watching the confusion on the faces of both the patrons and the staff was troubling. 

We had planned on having some sandwiches and a few more drinks here but decided to finish that plan at another establishment.
Great brunch spot for a group that is energized from dancing or partying all night and wants the fun to continue. 

Vibrant and joyful, the decor is a bright spot of sunshine in dreary grey winter days. Beautiful colors, awesome 90s pop sound track, and an artsy mash up of fake flowers, neon lights, and bold graphic design signage.

The food menu was creative but could have used a bit more care and craft in the details. For example, the lobster flat bread has great ingredients but the flavors didn't mix and taste cohesive.  Maybe move the herbs and spices into the dough during the baking process? 

Nice spot for tourists and well situated in the city. Come here for an easy brunch with high energy happy vibes and a big group of friends.
We found ourselves in Philly and my wife wanted to check out Blume, which I never heard of, but why not walk over there.  Walking inside was pretty interesting, with a ton of plants.  Looked very interesting.  The bar back was incredibly friendly, engaging, and poured us water.  Sadly, that was as good as it got...  

The cocktails weren't anything special.  My wife's drink tasted like they used ocean water as it was too salty.  My cocktail didn't taste like anything on the description, but my wife liked it better.  Only because it was drinkable.  

One drink was enough and we were out, most likely never to return again.  If it's even here...  Hopefully they design better cocktails, possibly even using some of the plants.  Maybe grow sage, rosemary, thyme?  All great ingredients to make drinks with...
3 stars for a beautiful atmosphere. Service was good as well! Food was mediocre and overpriced. You're definitely paying for the vibe ($14 cocktail type of place), so it's worth checking out. We were excited to try out the happy hour (which we were informed had not started yet), so ended up paying WAY more than we had hoped for after work drinks and snacks. Probably not going to be your regular spot, but nice to try once.

**bumped this up to 4 stars since the manager directly reached out to me regarding my initial review in order to make up for my less than stellar first experience. Great customer service is always much appreciated.
Your friendly neighboorhood truthspitter here, sorry Blume but you need to make changes and quick and if you don't at least rename your restaurant to Bust to warn people.

If you go to their website the HH, Brunch, and Dinner menu are all the same....I understand there has been a pandemic for about two years now but please update your site. Other MAJOR qualm is they have more liquor and drink options on the menu then food.

Came with a buddy on a Saturday night asked if they had Margarita's and bartender said no but she would make me one. Sadly, margarita's are not good here prob a good idea to keep them off the menu for now. 

Aftering looking for a quick item like nacho's, hint hint they do not have nacho's I ordered the $14 Smoked Mozzarella Triangles. There are 3 pieces to an order, I did notice a taste of honey in them which was different but I was not a fan. I think I finished of them, and my buddy force tried one as I said I am not bringing these home so their going in the trash.

There were a lot of beautiful people in the place but I have never been one to go somewhere if there is nothing speical about the food or drinks. This will be a one off for me.

FYI - 18% gratuity is added to every check no matter the party size or dollar amount spent.
I'm gonna be honest, I came here for the scenery. I was seeing mixed reviews about the food, but I'm glad I came here to try it for myself. 

Had a reservation for 6pm. We didn't like where we were seated so they moved us to a booth in the back. First thing I noticed: the music was bumpin'. Whoever set up the playlist did a great job. The roses and mirrors scattered on the walls were giving me 70s vibes. It was a comfortable and aesthetically pleasing environment. 

Started off with a few cocktails recommended by an employee working on his laptop at a table next to ours. He said Tropical Dream was a must-try. My friend ordered that and I went with the Femme Fatal. Both were exceptionally tasty. For an appetizer, I ordered the Blistered Shishitos and Beans. Again, another recommendation by the employee who was kind enough to share his feedback. He made me aware that 1 out of 10 shishito peppers are extremely spicy. The green beans were delicious though and I dipped them in the garlic aioli provided. My friend ordered the Kung Pao Calamari. Didn't get to try, but it smelled heavenly. It was served on a bed of lettuce. 

I ordered the cauliflower steak as my entree and this was a big let down. I was expecting it to be marinated in a sauce of some sort but it was just grilled and dry. I didn't care too much for the parsley salad that accompanied it. It tasted like mint leaves. My friend got the Wood Fire Burger. She enjoyed it and even shared her fries with me. 

Lastly, but not leastly, I ordered another cocktail. It was called Purple Rain. I ordered it because purple is my favorite color. It was better than the Femme Fatal in my opinion. 

Service was excellent and the bathrooms were clean. It's rare for me to be in the Rittenhouse area but this place is worth another shot.
My co-workers and I were very excited to come to Blume once it opened. To say we were disappointed, is an understatement. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone. Food was mediocre at best and service was shit. 

We had reservations at 12:15pm (the restaurant opens at 12pm). The doors were still locked when we arrived. We waited about 5 minutes until they opened the doors. Once we were let inside, we were greeted by a very nice hostess (probably the nicest part of the whole experience) There was no music, and only half of the lights were on. Once we were ready to order, we were told that two of the appetizers we wanted to order were not available because they ran out....We changed our order, and let her know we wanted to order our entree as well. The waitress then told us "maybe you should hold off a bit, they are still setting up in the kitchen". Mind you, at this point it is well after 12:30pm, and the place opened at 12pm. 

Drinks took a while to come out, but were pretty good. We finally grabbed our waitress to put in our orders. We told her we were on a time crunch because we had to get back to the office. (It had already been over an hour at this point). While we waited for our food, our waitress came over to tell us that the WiFi was down and they wouldn't be able to accept credit cards. We were a part of 7, all with credit cards. No apology, no solution offered. Our waitress actually had a bit of an attitude about it.

Our entrees came out relatively quickly but all at different times. One of our friends did not get her food until a good 15 minutes after the rest of us. NOT ONCE did the waitress apologize. While eating, we asked for our check. Again, because we were on a time crunch. Our check wasn't delivered until we asked yet again after our meal. 

Mind you, during all of this there were MAYBE 13 people dining in the restaurant.
Came on the opening day to the public after seeing the hype online. Great ambiance. I love the "blume"ing flower decor concept. Felt like a great, upbeat and trendy bar to bring friends. Staff was incredibly kind and attentive. 

There were a few issues that came to mind. 
We were seated in the back corner at a high top table. It was incredibly dark, a little too dark. Felt off that I had to whip out the iPhone light to read the menu at 4pm while it was still bright and daytime outside. Wish there was more color and light in the back section, felt like I was missing out from the purpose of the restaurant's atmosphere that exists in the center of the room. 

Ordered the cotton candy cocktail after being told it had real cotton candy. I thought it was be a super fun, unique, and instagramable cocktail! However, I was a bit disappointed when it arrived. It was basically a cute glass of ice with a small piece of cotton candy sitting on top of the ice. There was a small beaker of vodka on the side. The waitress instantly poured the vodka into the drink before I even had the chance to enjoy the sight of the drink and take an *essential* boomerang (haha) video of the vodka melting the cotton candy. In addition, the drink tasted like shots of flavored vodka (basically vodka + sugar). I was expecting more of a cocktail style, yummy mixed drink. My suggestion would be to put the cotton candy around the top rim of the drink and have more of a mixed cocktail inside of the drink instead of pouring vodka on ice, or at least letting the customer pour it themselves. The waitress kindly gave us a side of pineapple juice to mix into the drink after we told her it was a bit too strong for our taste. 

For food, we ordered the calamari and loaded fries. Both were good! (Good but not out of this world impressive.)Loaded fries had a mayo like special sauce similar to the taste of In N Out sauce. 

Overall, had a great experience at Blume. Seeing that it was their first day, it was understandable that they are still getting into their groove and it seems like it was be a stand out restaurant/bar in Philadelphia for this upcoming summer season! Hope to return to try their other dishes and cocktails!
I'm not sure where to begin.

We were asked to move by staff TWICE so that people could take pictures in front of the neon sign ..... wut. You're asking paying customers on the first night to move away from the bar.. away from sales.. so people can take a picture? Pictures are for first / one time comers. Service is to get people back. I would have expected service to prevail on opening night. You just lost my second visit.

Additionally, cocktails are not tasty or worth the price. Should have listened to the girls next to me who advised me against what I was considering because I went against better judgment and learned she was right. 

Disappointed. I would normally give leeway for opening night hiccups but these are experienced owners who have previously done well in Philly ‍
I was able to come back to Blume with an invite from the manager based on my previous experience. This is an example of great customer service. 

I came back and ordered the mushroom flatbread, gruyere sticks (again), moules frites (mussels), and one of their tequila drinks. 

The drink was super good, not too sweet; but I forgot what it was called. One of my main complaints previously was that the food was warm/getting cold or just cold in general. This time, everything came out piping hot and I could not have asked for a better food experience. Every thing we got was great. Even the French fries from last time were like weird crunchy rocks; but this time, I just wanted more! 

I'll be back soon, Blume - with friends!
I came here for happy hour with my friend. We were able to get a seat at the bar easily as we came at 4pm on a Friday. The happy hour menu was okay, they didn't have a lot of wine choices (only red wine was sangria). We also go the cheese plate which was a little disappointing, it was a loaf of cold bread and a hunk of cheese.

Overall the atmosphere was nice and the place was vibrant and colorful. Probably would only come back for drinks though.
My date and I made a reservation for two at 7:30, hoping to have a romantic night together. Unfortunately, the experience was doomed from the beginning. We were seated at a table for two in the corner with a long wall booth. Not exactly private but reasonable considering space limitations. As soon as we were seated the host moved the table next to us right up against our table and proceeded to sit another twosome. We were eating dinner right up against another party... not romantic. I wasn't even able to get out to go to the restroom because of the half inch dividing our tables without disturbing their dinner. 

So the dinner starts off very awkward. The waitress attempts to push our tables together because she thinks we are together. She takes our drink orders together because we are essentially one party at this point and also their food orders. When we asked if we could put in our food orders she said no because it would "overwhelm the kitchen." I'm not sure how four food orders would be overwhelming but okay. What really upset me about this experience was the fact that there were other tables open the entirety of our 2+ hour dinner. Not once did the waitress or a manager try to make the seating issue better for either of our parties. 

Seating debacle aside, the food is okay. Not stellar but just fine. We ordered the loaded fries without beef and they were delicious - a large amount and almost every fry had some kind of topping. We wanted to order the gruyere sticks but they had sold out, mildly disappointing. We opted for the avocado sundae instead which had mashed avocado, a cream topping, a balsamic drizzle, and a tomato "cherry." This was definitely the star of the meal; however, it comes with 4 small pieces of bread... not enough for the amount of avocado at all, we ended up dipping fries into it when the bread was gone. We also enjoyed the margherita pizza with pepperoni, it was tasty and balanced the flavors well but at the end of the day it's pizza and it's nothing too special. 

Overall, I would not come here for dinner if you are looking for any kind of great meal. Instead stop in for the bar and grab an avocado sundae if you're hungry. Take a picture of the decor and save your money for a real dinner.
Would definitely not come back. It not worth the hype, just cool eye candy for Instagram. 

Came here with a friend who recommended it, as she has been here before and liked it. We sat for about an hour last Friday night, and we were only able to order 1 drink each. The bartender who took our order was quick to take our order, took my card, and didn't bother to ask my friend if it was on the same tab.

Two more friends showed up later, and the bartender never walked over to us to check in. It felt as though he was ignoring us on purpose, and he seemed annoyed when I asked him for my tab after trying to get his attention several times. I know the bar was packed, but he seemed way more attentive to the people ordering shots. 

I would not come back for the horrible service at all, and $54 plus tip for four drinks. The drinks were okay, pretty average tasting, but there are several other bars around Rittenhouse for the same price, and way better service.
My friends and I were really excited to try this place, but ended up leaving extremely unsatisfied. The service was terrible. The decor is cute but that's about all the positive things I have to say. Took about 15 minutes for a server to even come to our table. Our drinks came AFTER food. Our food came out all at different times and we had to waive down the waitress in order to get half of our order. The food was subpar - the best thing we had was the mushroom flatbread. The mushroom salad was pretty much chopped up romaine and a few mushrooms. The avocado parfait was a mushed up avocado. This place has high expectations but needs ALOT of work - especially in the service domain.
Can't even rate the food bc we didn't eat. 
We made a reservation on OT for restaurant week, eager to try a new place. Arrived early and sat at the bar for a drink. 
Checked out the RW menu and it was slightly different from what was online. Frustrating, but we were willing to be flexible. We went to order and half of the entree options were unavailable... No steak and no chicken. Our options left were Salmon and Falafel...
This would have been understandable had we been told when we sat down but ended up being a major disappointment. We left after a drink. 
Overall disappointed & doubt we'll come back.
I don't think the cute factor will be enough to sustain this bar long-term if they continue operating as they are now. I loved Cinder and it was one of my most-visited bars in Philly during the couple years it was around. But even if I still lived in the city, I don't think I'd ever be a regular at Blume.

First things first: All they did was add hot pink lighting + plants and re-name Cinder to Blume. Otherwise it still looks just like Cinder. I guess they were trying to shift their clientele focus from bearded beer-bellied dudes to...? People who like pink and plants..? I don't know. Maybe that's part of their problem. Identity crisis? Shifting away from beer in a beer-centric city?

And then they also changed the menu. (Why? That Cinder pizza was so darn good!) I didn't try any food. Only stopped in for Happy Hour with a couple friends, but considering how long it took to order a drink/pay even though we were sitting centrally, I wouldn't even attempt. They were training new bartenders while we were there, so maybe that was part of it? But it was still pretty ridiculous.

HH pricing is good -- on par with the restaurant group's other locations (namely Bru). But that's not enough to make me not just...go to Bru instead next time.

Hope they can improve this spot for their own sake.
So I had no idea that Cinder closed and Blume took its place, which is a shame because Cinder had way better food. 

Shared the calamari to start which came out literally cold.. not even warm. They heated it up to make it edible, but it still wasn't great. Even though we were starving, we just casually picked at it leaving majority to waste.

I had the fig flatbread which took no effort on their part. Each ingredient was placed sparingly away from each other. It just didn't mesh and overall lacked flavor. My friend had the margarita flatbread and thought it tasted off. Luckily another friend ordered a sandwich that came with fries that we all shared to make up for the other crap we were served. 

I didn't even find the restaurant itself that Insta worthy.. so they slabbed some neon signs on the walls. Welcome to 2019. 

Overall just make like your fav 90s toy and skip it... skip it.
Poor food, odd hours. There's so many other places to go to in the city, don't let the artwork and theme fool you by luring you in. There's nothing to be desired about this place.
I agree with the general sentiment that others have shared. Blume is a BEAUTIFUL bar, that certainly is cool for instagram photos and lighting. I don't consider myself a conniseur, but I think the cocktails are fine. I happily downed Purple Rains which I found quite nice. The food is clearly a gap and that becomes very apparent when you realize (as I did) if you make a reservation, that almost everyone there is just there for drinks and much of the venue is oriented that way. I think I was literally the only reserved table when I went on a weekday evening.
Anyhow, the menu was sort of weird in terms of offerings, it seems like a bunch of mashup ideas that just don't work. Case in point, I ordered the Gruyere sticks to nosh on with my drinks. Maybe I'm not sophisticated, but man would I have preferred mozzarella sticks, they were just not good and maybe not even a good concept.
In summary, great atmosphere, fine drinks, just don't count on the food. I have heard they are changing their menu, so perhaps things will come up.
Wanted to check this place out cause it looked cool. It was kind of a cute place to take photos at, the ceiling had flowers and Blume written on it. Bartenders were also friendly. But that's about it. Drinks weren't good and definitely not worth the price. 

I ordered the femme fatale drink with tequila, blood orange liquor, lime, and hibiscus, and my husband ordered the bitter days behind us drink with rum, Campari, raspberry and citrus. We were arguing for a minute over whose drink was whose. He didn't think his was supposed to be garnished with a lime because mine said lime, but I said that's in the drink it doesn't have anything to do with the garnish. Turns out I was right. I liked his drink better anyway so we swapped. The drink I got with tequila was horrible way too salty. His drink wasn't great either, tasted very cheap. They either need to make their drink prices cheaper or get better quality ingredients and better bartenders to make " craft " cocktails that they claim are on the menu.
Eh. This place was not great. The location was super cute but there was really nothing good about any of the food. The steak was overcooked. The lobster deviled eggs tasted really fishy - lobster doesn't taste fishy. The drinks were trying to be craft cocktails but what I had was sweet and the mix was too much. The service was just okay. Had to wait a while for the server to come back around. Maybe they have a rotating menu - I think this is a newer place so maybe it'll get better!
Colorful and flowerful! BLUME presents an open kitchen concept with head chef Aila DeVowe. Per the PhillyMag article by Alexandra Jones, they have "built out an eclectic menu of street food-inspired small plates, flatbreads, and hearty classics balanced with veggies and whole grains."
Horrible. The cotton candy drink was pure sugar, zero alcohol. The avocado sundae looked and tasted like baby food (id rather that tbh) and the calamari was pure breading. Soggy, cold breading. Deff relying too hard on their gimmicky "wings" on the front door but what do you expect from the people who made this place? I wasn't expecting much but I deff thought it would have been better than this.
I hate to leave a 1 star review but today it's honestly necessary. We ordered cotton candy drinks, so cute but 0 alcohol at $14 a piece. The avocado sundae tasted like prepackaged Sabra guacamole paired with literally 2 tiny pieces of crusty bread. Charged us $1 for more bread... who does that? We also got the kung pao calamari which was the most disappointing. It was served cold, 2 calamari rings the rest were the tentacles. Soooo much breading and it was soggy no crispiness whatsoever. There was nothing "kung pao" about it... no spice no flavor. Just unseasoned, wet breadcrumbs. Good for an instagram photo, but that's it.
Aye! Tonight devours are brought to you by @blumephilly . Blume is a new hipster spot that is definitely the talk of the city! It's awesome decorations and vibrant colors make this spot pretty freakin dope and instagram friendly!  my bartender Grant was super dope and he legit guided my way through the menu where i ordered the Gruyère Sticks with their signature French onion dip that is absolutely amazing! I then ordered Moules Frites (Mussels) with saffron shellfish broth and lemon aioli. The broth was to die for and the Gruyère sticks were super good with the French onion dip! If you ever find yourself downtown center city and want super dope vibes and great food! Check out @blumephilly and ask for grant; tell him shimmy sent you! #blumephilly #philly #philadelphia #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodporn #foodgasm #mussels #fries #cheese #water
Quality of food was sub-par for price. Avocado sundae was terrible & inedible. Deviled eggs were tasteless. High table chair was basically like sitting on two wooden planks. Only good thing ordered was the salmon. Service was decent. Just so many better places to choose from to eat at this price scale.
First and foremost, the atmosphere here is so cool! There are so many plants all over and the decorations are so pretty. The place is great addition to Philly, giving the city a NYC-restaurant-esque place. 

The food is decent here - but everything was either warm/getting cold. I assume its because my friend and I came on opening day and it was extremely busy. We got the kung pao calamari, gruyere sticks, chicken satay, and the grilled cheese. One thing I would highly recommend are the gruyere sticks. They're like mozzarella sticks with a great French onion soup dip. I'd definitely come back for these!
The food here was so bad, we chose not to even order main courses after trying the appetizers.  The calamari and the gruyere sticks tasted like they had been soaked in grease.  The sauce for the gruyere sticks was ice cold, which was very offputting and the calamari was more batter than anything, and the sauce tasted like pure salt.  The restaurant is really pretty and the staff was friendly so we had high hopes but wow were we disappointed.
Had really high hopes for this bar, but was extremely disappointed. The place is a lot smaller than it looks in pictures to start out with. When we went, there was no table service at the tables. Took us forever to get drinks at the bar. A few of us tried the "purple rain" gin and lavender drink and it was DISGUSTING. It was like tasting an actual lavender tree in a drink. So overpowering, was not enjoyable and couldn't even drink it. My friend got the cotton candy drink, which seems to just be vodka with sugar. Pretty disappointing cocktails. Only giving it 2 stars for the ambiance because it is very cute in there. Wishing that they had better drinks because the place has potential. But they were horrid.
Blume grabbed my attention as I was walking home one day so I decide to plan a casual brunch with bae. 

If you're looking to fill your phone with great pictures for your social media accounts, this is the perfect place for you. If you are expecting anything else,  like...at the bare minimum ... HOT FOOD...my advice to you is to run far away from Blume.

The menu is all over the place. The employees did not have the greatest attitudes towards my boyfriend and I with the exception of the guy at the bar who was very nice.

My shrimp and grits had no flavor whatsoever. My boyfriends French toast was very good but it was cold. The drinks were okay.

Overall this was a one and done experience. My boyfriend feels like he was taken advantage of because the prices were not equivalent to the taste of the food or the service of the employees.
It's kind of hard to review Blume - they just recently reopened and they don't have their full menu yet, so I feel like we didn't see them at their fullest and best maybe.

The positives of the experience:
The ambiance and overall vibe of the restaurant is wonderful - super cute, floral, colorful, and extremely instagrammable. Everything is aesthetically pleasing, and even though my partner and I ate outdoors, we wished we could eat inside and enjoy the floral and plant wall, neon lights, and all of the art.

The service is super friendly and really amazing - they actually made a few mistakes with our order, but gave us a free app & entree to make up for it, which we felt was super generous and going above and beyond truly.

The drinks also were incredible!! Their menu is a little different now so I couldn't find the name of my drink afterwards but it had caramelized pineapple and vodka in it I believe, and wow it was amazing and sooo creamy. My partner and I were super satisfied with our drinks actually, there were a few others we definitely wanted to try too.

The neutral / negatives
The food was very much in the middle ground: it wasn't terrible but I don't know if it was great either.  We originally ordered the Gabagool (fried mortadella/provolone/mozzarella/pistachio cream/arugula) burger and Truffle pizza (bechamel/sauteed mushroom/mozzarella/pecorino/ricotta/rosemary garlic oil) and the fried cheese (panko breaded) as an appetizer.  Because our order got messed up, and we got the mushroom burger instead, we got to sample that as well, and we also had the fried cheese for free.

The pizza was overall pretty good but the middle was a tad undercooked - it was the gooiest slice I've had in my life, but it was still decent!
The burgers were also alright - they hit the spot, but were also a tad oilier/greasier than other burgers I've had before. We also felt the complexities of the flavors were expecting didn't come out as much.

Service was also pretty slow compared to what we're used to waiting for on average - for pizzas and burgers we thought it'd be a little quicker too but definitely was not the case.

Overall, when you're looking for a spontaneous dinner spot with some tables on a Friday night during restaurant week like we were, Blume feels like an alright time. I would give it a try for pretty pictures, good drinks, and just food that will help sop up the alcohol.
This place is absolutely gorgeous! The ceiling had their name on it and it was a very aesthetically pleasing place. The drinks were relatively on the pricier side.. but it packed a punch. 
The waiter was really sweet and attentive and made sure everything was great. 
The only issue I had at this place is that I SAT ON A PIECE OF GLASS!!!!!! 
Apparently there was an obnoxious group last night who came in drunk and made a mess. 
I gave the piece of glass to the server and the manager came over with extra shots and apologized. He said if there was anything else he could do- let him know. 

If it wasn't for his kind gestures and sincere apology- I wouldn't have rated this a 4/5 star!
I was very excited to check out this new place. The decor is very interesting and over the top in a good way for philadelphia. I liked the ambiance, but it's a little clubby for dinner (which I like). The food was pretty good - I had the Heirloom tomato salad, and had girlfriends who had the fig flatbread, salmon, and the mushroom salad. No one complained! 

The cocktails were pretty good, but very strong. 

Unfortunately, the service was lacking. Our server seemed nice, but slow and flustered. Took us forever to get drinks in, the food didn't come st the same time (one girl was waiting 15 mins after the rest of us... for a salad) and getting the checks took forever. Not sure if this new place is just getting its feet under it or what but I wished the night could have gone smoother. Cool vibe though!
I have been dying to try this place out. I went in today in the evening around 7pm. The place wasn't packed or anything and I was sitting at the bar. The bartender was a young lady with curly hair and she was extremely rude. She also managed to get my order wrong. I ordered the drink called Tropical Thunder but I guess since she was busy talking to her other friends so she heard me wrong ‍ Probs will go back again to give another try but the bartender had a rotten attitude. $12 for a drink that I didn't order is expensive considering it was served with a straight face. Also, for anyone wanting to try this place the decor is really cute so worth a trip for some pics ‍
This is more of a cocktail/happy hour bar. The beer/wine tap menu is impressive and their cocktails were delicious. Their dinner menu was overpriced for sub par food. The mussels were gritty and fishy and smelled so terrible they needed to be removed from the table. Nice servers. Probably will not return.
Great ambience, food was not great. Better for picture taking than eating. Flatbreads were small portions and bland. Heirloom Tomato and Burrata best thing I ordered.
Update my two girlfriends were sick to their stomachs the next day.
We were all so excited to come for my friends birthday, but the food and drinks were honestly terrible. The French fries were like they were from McDonald's, but McDonald's might've been better. Burgers had a centimeter of cheese. Flatbreads were so tiny and so salty they burned our mouths. Our first round of drinks tasted like nothing and our second round tasted like the whole bottle of alcohol. What a hoax. Don't be fooled by the cute interior. Not worth it. At least the service was nice, but I could imagine how hard it is to serve at a restaurant where everybody is disappointed.
Huge disappointment. They care more about how this place looks on Instagram than the actual dining experience. Right away, the server listed a number of  items they were out of (we were going to give them a break since they just opened). But then about ten minutes after we ordered, the manager told us that they were out of the bahn mi sandwhich so my husband ordered the steak instead. They brought his meal out first and didn't say anything about my mussels. I saw the waitress noticed I didn't have my meal but it took her almost ten min to say that they were going to bring it out... offered to knock one drink off the menu but we felt it should have been more. Another ten minutes went by and nothing. Then a man in suit holding a drink in his hand came  over and asked us how everything was, we explained our frustration and said how we were tempted to walk out and he responded "do what you got to do." - no apology. PATHETIC.
I went to Blume for the first time with a friend from DC this weekend. Definitely a great spot for an insta story and drinks...the food, however, not so much. We ordered the baked oysters, salmon tartine, Gruyere sticks, mushroom flatbread, and heirloom salad (we were hungry...). The salad and Gruyere sticks were just OK. The bread with the baked oysters and salmon was stale and mushroom flatbread was burned. I would definitely go back to try more of their cocktails, but eat beforehand.
I'll start with the positives. 

The atmosphere at Blume is great, and the decor is unique, hip, and tasteful. 

I ordered one of their craft cocktails - the purple rain - and it was both creative and delicious. 

The positives end there. 

My sister ordered the grilled cheese, which comes with tomato soup and a salad. What arrived was a grilled cheese, the most pathetic excuse for a salad, and what looked like a jar of pasta sauce dumped into a bowl. To make things worse, the "soup" was cold. She spoke to the waitress, who apologized profusely and whisked it away to bring her a new soup. What arrived was AGAIN a cold bowl of sauce. Comparing the salad to a Panera salad would be an insult to Panera. She paid $14 for food that was clearly dumped out of a bag and microwaved for a total of $3.

My order, the bahn mi sandwich, did not come for another 15 minutes. The waitress came over and let us know they were "getting it together" now. What arrived was okay, but was far from a bahn mi. It was more like sweet and sour chicken dumped on a stale roll. 

Our poor waitress discounted our bill by 15% after I asked if perhaps the "soup" was intended to be cold. It was not. I hope she finds a new job. Soon.
We stumbled upon this place walking around Rittenhouse Square and were lucky enough to get a table at 9pm for 2ppl.   The decor was stunning and initially the service was great.  It seemed like we were in the new hot spot, the place to be seen. Ordered a couple drinks, kung pao calamari and shisitos and beans.  Calamari came out cold and i sent back.  Peppers and Beans were hot and amazing.  New calamari came out and was good as well.  Put in an order for the NY strip and tomato salad.  After 30 minutes finally said something. Server forgot ring it in. She played it off like we didnt order and said she would ask kitchen if they could still do it.  20 minutes later meal came out and no joke the steak was tough like jerky. We barely touch it, asked for bill.  Still tipped 20% and left.  Manager seemed more concerned with the music then he did the actually service.  Makes sense that this place is 2.5 stars. Needs some work.  Could be real awesome if they turn things around.
Welp they killed it with the atmosphere and the design but service was meh. Appetizer came after the dinners and they swore to me that it was family-style so different things would come out at different times.m? ( or so they say)Not sure how a salad with mushrooms can come out 20 minutes after salmon? They did apologize and gave a free gnocchi and bottle of rose. I do recommend going to drinks and apps. I will give time and come back to see how things change over a few months. They only opened 2 months ago so time will tell.
Overpriced for average portion sizes and average tasting food. It's probably overpriced to recoup the cost of all the tacky renovations from Cinder. Cinder was a far better bar and restaurant and Blume should be reverted back to Cinder
This place is beautiful. The place however is the biggest. The drink i had was a femme fatale i liked the spicy rim that they put on the glass but the drink was nasty. They have another drink that is cotton candy i hear that is very strong because it's mainly vodka. I haven't ate here i just stopped in because it was the "new" place. I haven't eaten here so I'll do another review after i taste the food and stay a little longer
I would, if I could, give this place a 2.5. The atmosphere was great with the live flowers and retro chic. The drinks were garnished correctly and were delicious! They are probably the only thing I am going back for. 

The service at the table was horrendous. We saw the server twice during our meal. It took a long time for drinks and if she would of came over during the meal we would of probably gotten another round. The one bus boy was fabulous and was constantly clearing the table and always interacted with us. He should of been our service! I wish I got his name. 

For apps we got the gruyere sticks and the baked oysters. The gruyere sticks were a little over cooked but the French onion sauce salvaged it. The baked oysters were good with the sauce but there was not enough bread for table dipping.

My one friend and I got the salmon. It was cooked perfectly and the horseradish sauce was good, but the sides were very bland. The quinoa had no seasoning and the salad dressing was not anything to rave about. My friend enjoyed the gnocchi since it was a different combination than she is used too and thought the mustard garnishment was a great complement to the dish!
The reviews were right! My friends and I thought we'd give it a chance, but when both Yelp and Google have poor reviews, you should listen. The food was not anything to rave about. Most of the people in my party actually disliked their meal, and we all agreed the only real good thing was the fries, so that is telling you something. The service was subpar. I had arrived a bit later than the rest of my party, and I asked for water to start while I took some time to review the drink options, and the waitress brought me the water and never came back. It took me asking the server who brought our food out to get her to come back to the table. They never checked in after giving us our food and proceeded to set up for a party by dragging metal chairs across the floor and barricading the section in with a row of tables, leaving a small section for everyone, so squeeze through. It was ungodly loud and very annoying to not only my party but the other patrons in our section. I would not recommend this place unless you are looking for some fun drinks. If you want actual food, skip this and go somewhere else.
My friends and I went here for birthday drinks. The atmosphere was really cool but the service was horrible. It took 15 minutes to even get water and additional half hour to put in food orders. At that point we decided not to get food there. Drinks were classic Philly beers and a wine list.  

The waiter seemed annoyed that we left however didn't ask why.
Went on the opening night and it filled up pretty quickly. Found a seat at the bar and within minutes I received a menu and great service from the bartenders. Everyone was very friendly and the atmosphere was very welcoming. Decor is beautiful, but it is very tight. When we were finally seated it felt very cramped and it was like everyone was on top of each other. Overall the drinks were creative and tasty and if you like sweet cider go for the blackberry one. Food wise mostly finger food selections. The loaded fries are a must, but I wish we had passed on the beef kabobs the toast/chip/bread was teeth breaking and bland. Overall it was a nice experience, I'll definitely go back for drinks with the girls.
3 stars for a beautiful atmosphere. Service was good as well! Food was mediocre and overpriced. You're definitely paying for the vibe ($14 cocktail type of place), but it's worth checking out. We were excited to try out the happy hour (which we were informed had not started yet), so ended up paying WAY more than we had hoped for after work drinks and snacks. Probably not going to be your regular spot, but nice to try once.
The food was horrible. Frozen burger. Calamari was mushy and too salty. Found a hair in one of the meals. Loaded fries came out a half an hour after everyone's meal came. They were out of NY Strip Steak and the gnocchi at 8 pm on a Friday. Some thought their drinks were watered down. Great service staff though.
Blume should have stayed as Cinder. Our experience there was extremely mediocre. Pleasant waitress but attentiveness was not on her agenda for the evening. Food came out to the table very quickly, which was good but also made it crystal clear that the flatbreads are premade & just needed some warming up. We received our drinks a good 15-20mins after our (fairly small) flatbread came to the table- the meal was complete & our dirty/empty dishes had been taken off our table well before the drinks came. I appreciated the effort put into the atmosphere/decor but overall- Blume has absolutely NOTHING on Cinder.
I always try to be nice, but It's gonna be hard for Blume. First, our service was terrible and we never saw our waitress. Second, they were out of nearly everything on the menu which was weird because we went at noon. Third, our food was disappointing. The plating, flavors, sides, etc. we're so bland and boring. Also there was a big hair in my grilled cheese. the decor is so cute but they need to focus more on the food! I'd go back and give them another chance but I'm kind of nervous.
Pretty place horrible service ..... was here for 4 hours with reservations and all and never got my food
Arrived and ordered drinks and food, and found out their computer system was down. Told us they couldn't give us drinks, while we watched them serve the bar. Left after waiting half an hour. Staff didn't seem to care much.
The Instagram pictures look a lot better than the reality of Blume. We had reservations for 7, seated at 8. Food and drinks were very slow, finally left a little after 10. Food was bland and cold. Gnocchis were terrible. While we were waiting so long for the food no one came by to fill up our waters, ask if we were okay etc. After we complained many times they did comp us for some of the wine, which was nice. 

Positives: Bartenderss were very friendly and attentive during our wait to be seated.
Thought this place was supposed to be a natural wine bar.  They were out of the Rose on tap yet think they had only been open a matter of hours.  No descriptions on the wine and served in a cheap and wrong glass.  Deafeningly loud inside. Unclear what concept this place is going for.
Went to Blume with a group of my cousins on a Friday night which we reserved in advance through OpenTable. When we arrived we didn't have to wait too long to be seated. It was really crowded in this small place but we love the decor, the flowers, the walls etc. 
We were seated in the very back which I loved because it did put us away from the main crowd. Service was good, drinks were good, food was good but one of the items we ordered never came out which was a bit disappointing. 
The lobster flatbread and the loaded fries were my favorite. 
Outside of the restaurant, there is a beautiful butterfly that is perfect for photos
I was so excited to go to Blume and I wanted to LOVE it so much. It is definitely one of the most Instagram worthy spots in the city. Their interior decor is absolutely stunning. There's something to look at every time you turn your head, but unfortunately, the beauty of the space doesn't make up for everything else.
I went early on a Saturday evening and when I arrived, it wasn't particularly busy. We were seated fairly quickly at a very small table for two. On the left side of the restaurant, there are two rows of small two top tables that are entirely too close together. I couldn't even turn to the side to get through without feeling like I just plopped my bottom into someone's dinner.
Prior to dining at Blume, I'd heard about their craft cocktails and knew I had to try one. I wasn't some of them to be about $17, but I sprung for one. I had the very excited for the Tropical Cloud Cocktail. It was super sweet, fruity, and topped with cotton candy. It was pretty good and the best part about this meal.
I also opted for the Loaded Fries and Salmon Tartine. The loaded fries are basically cheeseburger fries topped with lettuce, tomato, onion, and a house sauce. These were OK at best. The fries were too thin to hold up the thick toppings. 
Overall, I think it will be a while before I decide to go back to Blume. The food was OK, but the entire experience was overpriced.
I came to Blume tonight to celebrate my little cousin's birthday and the food and service left a lot to be desired. Our waitress, Greta, was very nice but was also overwhelmed as the restaurant was understaffed and she was one of the few waitresses on duty. It took a long for our food to arrive (We got there around 6 and didn't leave until 9:30p). We ordered off of the Restaurant Week menu and my main course felt like an afterthought. The salmon was ok, but my green beans were raw and the rice was cold. All in all, I wasn't impressed and most likely won't be returning.
I came here on a Wednesday with some girl friends. The music was a tad loud but it's a very chic/cute/Instagrammable spot. Everything we had was delicious - burger and salmon entrees, mushroom flatbread, gnocchi cauliflower, burrata, calamari, gruyere sticks. The small plates are a bit pricey for the portion size but I feel like that's standard for places like this. They have fun cocktails, I got the tequila based one and it wasn't too sweet and had a fun spicey salt on the rim. We also got a carafe of wine which we were able to get 5 glasses of wine out of. Our waitress was a bit spacey - she forgot to put in one of our apps and never came back to refill water/take more drink orders but she was nice enough. Overall great spot to do a girls night out, but not somewhere I'll be going on a regular basis.
This is the worst place I have ever dined in. Absolutely the worst. Where to begin? Server had her fingers all over the top of our straws and inserted them in our glasses that way, in front of us! We were in disbelief. No one around for days. Not a manager, hostess or server. All staff is mingling with each other and can care less about the guests. Food was tasteless and diagusting. My chicken satay was raw inside. It was returned after finally getting someone to look our way. The replacement was undercooked too. How does one even manage that twice! It's on a skewer! If you're a cook and you undercook chicken on a skewer twice, you are in the wrong line of work buddy! Waitress had to be hunted down- again. I asked for a manager. He appeared out of nowhere, out of thin air. Where was this guy all night? It looked like he rolled out of bed. Probably has a cot in the back somewhere. He was nonchalant about my complaint. Offered to comp my portion of the bill. Didn't even wait for the dessert as all staff were congregating behind the bar with the so called manager. Stay away. Everyone is talking about the insta pics you must go there for. My insta pics are below.  Insta disappointment! This place will be closed in a few months. No doubt.
Definitely more of a tourist trap then a city restaurant. Super trendy exterior and fixtures had me very excited for the rebranding of previous cinder. The food options fell flat and left me pretty disappointed. The gruyere sticks were burnt and $9 got you 3... (see pic they're charred lol). My falafel sandwich was embarrassing! The pita was paper thin and the inside was weak. The chicken bahn mi was pretty good, but very very spicy, so just keep that in mind. 

I wish they had a happy hour menu because definitely a good spot for drinks with friends but as of now the drink menu is pretty expensive (even compared to other places in center city) and there are better options for happy hour elsewhere in the city. Seems like a place that you'll go once to get on your insta story and move on with your life.
If you're interested in the aesthetic appeal of this place, take your photo in front of the butterfly and go no further. Went here with my boyfriend, after reading mostly poor reviews about the drinks, to check out the food and cause I'm a sucker for the colors and ambiance I saw in this restaurant. I got the steak, which was good for all of its 5 bites. 1/3 of the tiny steak was just fat. I got a Caesar Salad on the side- wasn't in the mood for the kale it comes with- which was inexplicably salty and the lettuce appeared to be browning. 

My boyfriend got the burger, and it was pretty good which we appreciated. The price we did not appreciate that much. The service was also pretty mediocre; the restaurant was pretty empty but we weren't greeted for at least 10 minutes. I know this place tries to be a millennial heaven with the 'Grammable decor and modern music but maybe work on making the food a little better-  after all, this is supposed to be a restaurant.
Neon lights of blue and pink, the same color of the chicken we ordered. The plated food clicked our tables faster than the selfies of the tweens that lined the storefront. Many restaurants are going with an aesthetic gimmick to bring tribes of young people to their lack luster restaurant, but I thought an establishment in downtown Philly would muster more substance and grit.
Absolute trash. Do not waste your time or money on this place. The atmosphere is the only good thing and even so, there are plenty of other pretty places in Philly. Food is so small, was over priced and was not good. Everything was cold. So disappointed will not return
Picked this place for Restaurant Week because it's right off the Patco and it looked pretty in pictures. Pictures don't even do it enough justice - this place is GORGEOUS. Definitely the place to go if you want some instagram inspiration. Absolutely loved the atmosphere in there and would recommend going just to look around! The drink menu is a little pricey, but they have a great selection of specialty cocktails, beers and wines. The avocado sundae is so good and I loved the flavor balance and presentation (legit looks like a sundae!). The flatbread was okay, and the gnocchi was good but I was a little disappointed with dessert. The menu said "cookie sundae" and I definitely just got cookies and cream ice cream. Not that that isn't delicious ice cream, but just not what was advertised. I would definitely go back for happy hour at least!
WORST BIRTHDAY SERVICE EVER!? 
For my 22nd birthday my friends and I went to Blume for brunch. Got there at 12 (right when they opened) but didn't get seated until 12:15 even though there was no one else in the restaurant. We ordered drinks and waited 20 minutes only to get carded a second time by the manager. Our drinks took nearly 40 minutes to make and came out after they had brought the food. When they finally came they were THE WRONG DRINKS. My friend had also ordered coffee to have before the brunch and that came out last. There were only two or three other tables getting waited on so I'm not sure what the mixup was. We left feeling disrespected and I would not recommend it to a friend.
I went here during restaurant week with not many expectations. I hadn't heard of this place before but it looked cute and quirky so I was excited to go. It was mobbed and the restaurant is very packed with not a lot of room to move around. We had made a reservation for 10pm and were seated about 35 minutes after 10pm. I noticed there was large beer list and a list of cute cocktails which is why this isn't getting one star. Large beer lists are definitely a redeeming quality. The menu had a good selection of dishes but they were out of most of the appetizing ones. That was very disappointing and the girls I went with were not amused. After we placed our order, we got our first course. I had ordered the avocado sundae. I love avocados but this was so bad I would've been happier with a full avocado slapped in front of me. The Cesar salad was alright. The muscles were okay, but the fries were ice cold. The blood orange curd was awful. It was too sweet. I had ordered another beer which never came (thankfully they didn't put it on my bill). The general consensus from my group was that the food was not good. I would've had a better time and better food at Applebee's. This place would be good for just getting drinks, but skip the food.
Walked in, sat at the bar, waited 10 minutes and no one came over to us to take our drink order. Felt like I was in a college rave. Horrible! Won't be going back.
Ok so I went here for restaurant week despite the mixed reviews because I wanted to see for myself. The place is newer so I'm sure they're working out some of the kinks. Apparently I wasn't the only one who thought that cause the place was packed. Blume is trendy and there were a lot of younger girls here getting drinks with friends, plus some couples here and there. The poor hostess was getting her butt kicked and people were not being nice but she did a great job! We made a reservation and sat pretty quickly. Our waitress was fast, hysterical and made the experience great. The drinks were amazing! Not only cocktails but they had a great beer selection. The food came out quickly, for as busy as it was we were shocked. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because I felt the food could be better. Maybe it was just the restaurant week menu I'm not sure. The food was good, it was all cooked well and served in a timely manner it just wasn't anything to write home about. 

I would definitely recommend trying it for yourself! I don't think it deserves the negative reviews it has.
I came here for restaurant week. It was a nice atmosphere and I can tell it's pretty popular ulnar because everYone stops outside to take a picTure of the huge butterfly on their winnow. Our server was attentive and professional. I ordered the purple rain, which was very good. The app was pretty good and the very easer salad. Problems occurred when I got my entree. I order the Braised Beef. It came with caramelized onions and mash potatoes. The beef was Luke warm and the mash potatoes were even less than warm. I got another servers  attention and asked could she heat it up for me. They brought my food back to my table and it was STILL less than warm. At this point I'm starving so I'm nibbling off of it. Our server comes back and asks was it hot the second time around. I tell her it's not warM at all and she says she's going to take it off. 
I thanked her and once the table was cleared off we got the bill. I see there was no deductions off so I asked her about it and she said "Oh, it wouldn't let me take it off. Sorry about that." I'm not in the restaurant business but I  don't know how you say you're going to reduce my bill  but don't AND not even acknowledge it and just put the bill on the table like it's nothing. It takes two seconds to say I know I mentioned this earlier but we can't do it. I'm sorry.
The service is slow. The food was mediocre. However, the decor is cute if you're into that.
The atmosphere is fabulous! I would definitely recommend coming here for drinks- though expensive- and the loaded fries! Otherwise- I wouldn't order a meal here. My husband had the chicken satay and it was pink...my lobster flatbread was good, but salty. There are many other places in the city that I would recommend first.
I came here for drinks/snacks a few weeks ago on a Friday around 3, so there was no problem getting a table at all (I tried going for dinner a few months ago on a Friday and it was packed). It's a smaller restaurant, so if you think it will be a peak time, definitely try to get a reservation.

Since there were very few people other than my table in the restaurant, our service was very good and everything was delivered quickly. I just don't know if it would be the same during a busier time of day

We shared the fig pizza and avocado sundae-both were very good. They have a good selection of drinks whether you are a beer, wine, or cocktail drinker-there is something for everyone. I highly recommend "purple rain."

As everyone else has said, it's very "instagrammy" with the flower wall and neon light quotes inside. For that reason, I definitely suggest trying to go during an off time.
Food was really good. Fast service. The Christmas decor for the season. The waitress was nice and attended to our party of 6. Tropical cloud hit the spot it's the best drink on the menu.
Cute ambiance with a little hipster-ish vibe. I ordered the chicken sandwich, truffle tots, and Let Us Saturday cocktail.

The chicken was cooked perfectly and I liked the crunchiness of it. However, it tasted sweet and I thought maybe it was honey on it? I double checked the menu and nothing on there indicated the sandwich would be sweet. 

The truffle tots tasted good but the sauce kind of reminded me of mayo. The drink was also good. My friend ordered the Smoked mozzarella  and a cocktail too. The bill totaled $75 with tip already included. I dont think the food and drinks was worth that price.
I came here with some girlfriends from work, and got almost comically terrible service.

As almost anyone would, we came expecting a happy hour only to find out they haven't "started it yet," and after asking for one of the draft wines, I waited for 25 minutes as they "looked in the basement" before being told it was "tapped."

Hoping the food would be an improvement, we all waited for the entrees, the plates coming one by one... except mine. And of course, the waitress was nowhere to be found throughout all this; our glasses empty, I sitting there with nothing, everyone else waiting another 15min to eat out of courtesy.

Only when my friend got up and found another server did they then check on my meal, our original server coming back to tell me they "lost the ticket" without so much as an apology. They quickly made the meal and soon delivered the absolutely meager falafel sandwich; a sad pair of falafel inside an even sadder pita.

If you're looking for anything more than an Instagram, I'd recommend sitting this one out.

xoxo.
I'm not sure why this place isn't rated much higher? I went here last night and had an amazing time. The menu is smaller but quality over quantity. I would definitely go here again. The place has great vibes and decor. The drinks are nice and strong. I'm not sure which was better the tots or mozzarella.
Came for the scenery; stayed for the drinks! Blume is one of the best places in Philly for a night with the girls. From the bright purple and pink decor, to the equally as colorful drinks, Blume does not disappoint. Highly recommend the Purple Rain cocktail- gin, lavender, lemon, and rosemary.
The food is okay. Went a while ago and forgot to post. I had the blume burger, the avocado sundae, flat bread and calamari! I also had the purple rain and tropical cloud! They were okay as well!
The ambience is really cute and cool but the service was absolute trash...the wait was really long and the food took forever only for the food to just be okay.
This was my first time at Blume since before the pandemic... Overall, nice place, good food, okay drinks, bad service. 

The food was very enjoyable! We shared the smoked mozzarella which was seasoned well. It definitely was not 'just fried cheese'--loved! The Impossible was delicious, the Smash Burger was huge (if you're into that), but good, according to my friend. The drinks were made well considering their taste, but the alcohol content seemed minimal. I have a very low tolerance and didn't even feel buzzed after two. Bummer.

The restaurant was not extremely crowded indoors and their outdoor build was unoccupied. So, keeping this in mind, service should have been better. It was AWFUL. The servers gathered at the far end of the bar chatting and rarely checked-in with my table. It was very disappointing. I took the matter personally until a table behind us dined and dashed and it took their server nearly 15 minutes before she even noticed that they were gone. Of course after this, the servers were more attentive, but we were already near the end of our meal.
Stopped in on a whim and wasn't disappointed...
We ordered drinks and food; delicious and the bartenders were very accommodating and friendly! 
Check this spot out if you're in the city --- about a month old!!! Cheers to you Blume!!!
My friend and I wanted to come here because of the cute atmosphere and drinks despite the bad reviews on Yelp. We both ordered the cotton candy drink and we also got a Margherita flatbread. I don't remember how much the drinks were- maybe 14 each? I was okay with that since it was pretty big overall and had the cotton candy and it was really good! The flatbread was $12 which was sad considering how tiny it was and I can buy a pizza for that much. It was just ok and it wasn't even warm it honestly looked gross. I would come back for the drinks & atmosphere, but the food and service was not good.
