An actual diner in Philly? Who'd have thunk it?

Bob's is kind of homey. It's the size of a boxcar, with a cheery personality to match.

They don't serve anything fancy here. For instance, their Eye Opener ($6.99; cash only) - which does exactly the opposite - scores you a plate of buttered toast, home fries, eggs, and a slab of meat. It's hardly conducive to a healthy diet[1], but it's a solid value. Plus, they can pour you a tasty cup of joe that won't scald your face off.

[1] I must stop eating like this.
Friendliest hostess of all time. Such a great diner experience. 
They forgot the cheese on the omelette, and when we told them, our hostess took it back, gave us extra cheese, and then took off half the price. 
If we lived in the neighborhood, we'd be back every day to try everything on the Breakfast menu. 
Free refills on coffee = A+.
Ugh. No.

There is nothing wrong with diners or "diner food;" there is a lot wrong with Bob's Diner.

Anyone who regularly reads my reviews knows that I spend a lot of time in the Roxborough/Manayunk/Wissahickon area because my grand parents live here. While I find that this section of Philadelphia has its own charm, a culinary destination it is NOT. If one heads down towards the Wissahickon Transit Center, one encounters the closed half the year grease pit, Lisa's Kitchen and the half assed Italian restaurant, A Tutti. Going up the hill that is Ridge Avenue (which was formerly a Leni Lenape hunting trail), there is The Commissary Market, a mom and pop that puts out decent hoagies. Further up the hill is C&C Creamery, purveyor of ice cream confections. If one continues left on Ridge, that leads to a 'down town' that's populated with forgettable pizza joints, a Wawa, a few Dunkin' Donuts and run of the mill, tired, non-descript food purveyors of puffy foam-like bagels and ubiquitous chicken wings tucked into tiny, semi-corner mini strip malls. In light of what I just described, coming upon the aluminum shine of Bob's Diner could seem like culinary light at the end of a dim, grey, processed food tunnel.

It is not. 

Every time I pass Bob's, I expect to see a For Sale sign slapped on it. It has an untended, down at the heels look that extends to the inside. No, not retro or vintage; more just plain down and out. When my grandfather was still mobile, I would take both grands here at their request but against my own preference. Even though they have lived most of their lives on 'The Ridge,' there was never any sign of recognition or even a lukewarm greeting from any of the staff/servers when we went in. 

Bob's interior is small with just a few booths and counter seating. Perhaps it is simply years of every day wear and tear that make it look grim and unclean, but I never fail to want to don coveralls, rubber gloves and a hair net, soak the entire place down with Clorox bleach and Dawn liquid soap, scrub it like a maniac from ceiling to floor, then hose all the years old grime, grease and effluvia out into the cemetery this place overlooks. 

The last and final time I was here, upon entering, a sticky table was pointed out to us as our dining spot, then we were handed equally sticky menus. No one poured coffee for my grands and when I asked for tea, the waitress looked at me with a slight sneer. And I never got that tea. 

I ordered a cheese omelet which came, according to the menu, with home fries and toast. When it arrived, it was on a wet plate. Not like wet with a few drops of water, or wet underneath but wet as in there was a small puddle of warm water under the food. And everything was lukewarm. Toast was MIA. My grands saw the look on my face and offered me some of their breakfasts but I declined. Trying to make eye contact with any of the staff here to rectify my aquatic breakfast was not in the cards. In addition, no one refilled our water glasses or coffee cups. My tea order never happened. I did not eat my meal beyond the one forkful of tepid omelet and cooling home fries. If that was noticed by the waitress or the manager, no comment was made nor was there any inquiry as to how our food was or why I was not eating what I'd ordered.

Since I dearly love my grands and it is always a high point in my week or month to be with them, I did not mind sitting and talking with them as we waited and waited and WAITED for our check. Finally, when I was tired of seeing my untouched plate of now cold, gelid breakfast in front of me, I got up to pay the cashier who refused to take my cash without the check. I said our table was never given a check by the waitress. That waitress was nowhere to be seen now. As many times as the 3 of us had been here in the past, the cashier claimed he did not know what we'd eaten (our booth was right behind him) and he'd never seen us before, thus I could not cash out. My grand was starting to mumble to her husband and fret, rummaging through her purse for cash, probably thinking I was short on funds. I asked them to wait outside and made sure they were safely out the door before returning to Mr. Belligerent at the register. I handed him 2 twenty dollar bills and a tenner-way more than the cost of the wretched food plus way too large tip for nothing-wished him a fine day and walked out. He called me a punk and said he should call the police. I said that was a capital idea, since bad service and sub par food should be grounds for arrest.

I have not gone back since.
How should I begin? Let's set the scene.

Sunday morning, East Falls. Your husband and brother in law are hungry and not interested in one of the more bougie brunch places that the Manayunk/Roxborough area is known for. You pop open your trusty Yelp app, and search for breakfast. Lo and behold, results point to an old school diner you had seen many times before driving along Ridge. The reviews were good, and the consensus seemed to be that this is a real gem of a place which the hipsters have left unspoiled. And so you go.

Upon entering Bob's Diner, you will be ignored in the doorway for approximately two and a half minutes while the person working the register checks out patrons without so much as a "be right with you." After that, she will tell you to seat yourself. Okay, sure.

Find a table. No, not that one, it's filthy. Not that one either- there is still food on it. Okay, here, perfect. Ignore the draft coming through the wall behind you. Peruse the menu. Then wait. And wait. And wait. Wait a little more. There - now the waitress who has made tentative eye contact with you 4 times before has decided to approach you since the guy behind the grill has told her she has to stop ignoring you.

It's been 15 minutes. The smell starts to seep into your clothing.

Don't order anything that requires syrup. Your brother in law makes this mistake, and is shocked to see that the consistency of said condiment is that of water- it literally splashes off his pancakes. The mac and cheese is noodles in what appears to be a vile goo of melted white American cheese. Yikes. The pickles look as though they've arrived to the table in the pocket of your waitress' sweatpants. Everything comes out at different times, which seems strange. First fries, then some pancakes, then mac, then sandwich. You would think this is to ensure that your food arrives piping hot and ready to eat, but alas, everything is cold.

You leave, after paying more than you should, and promptly apologize to everyone who has had the misfortune of dining with you today. 

Never again.

TLDR: poor service, dirty, bad food. I don't expect my diner experience to be that of a Michelin Star restaurant- but I expect it to be edible and clean. This was neither.
How many places can you eat greasy unhealthy food with a view of a grave yard! I think this is it. It's a classic diner and it's been in a least two movies including Split. The food is fine but nothing special. It's fun to sit at the counter and watch the cook. The man can make eggs!! You can do worse.
Never going back here again! 
Imma keep it short. 
Food tasted gross
Food was overpriced
Staff was unfriendly
I def put a google review with more details cause I don't wanna type it again on how angry it gets me. 
No breakfast should cost more than $50 for two!
Do not go to this cemetery diner!
I guess I shouldn't have expected anything more than a 2-star establishment from the look of this place but I was very disappointed. After 4 years of passing this diner in manayunk, we finally gave it a try one weeknight when we didn't have anything to make for dinner at home.
There are only 2 parking spaces outside, the inside looks very dingy and rundown and there is a bit of an odor. 
The menu was pretty extensive so there were a lot of options. I had the buffalo chicken salad which was actually very good and the main reason I gave 2 stars instead of 1. My boyfriend ordered the meatloaf and it came out in between two slices of white bread, looked disgusting and he said it tasted even worse. 
The service was very good and prompt and there was a Yelp deal for a free appetizer with entree purchase. Other than that deal, it was overpriced for bad diner food. Will not be returning.
I've driven by so many times and thought to myself - I have to try this place! We originally had intended going to another place on Main Street for brunch but couldn't find parking so we decided why not! It always looks busy so there has to be something about it. We were immediately seated by a really friendly hostess. The vibe is that of an old school diner. Everything comes out quick - lots of hustle and bustle. 

The most unfortunate part was the food. I wish I had taken pictures to accurately display the awful beige coloring everything had. I ordered French toast and home fries. Both looked absolutely pathetic. Limp, colorless, and mushy. My friend ordered an vegetable omelette that looked incredibly pale. A huge let down. We were in and out in 25 minutes.
Walked in to find this restaurant very outdated and dingy. Food was mediocre at best. Sausage undercooked and toast over cooked. Expensive omelette didn't even include cheese or home fries, only for an extra charge. Also, Charged $2.29 for a soda, maybe 12oz and then charged for refills even though that is not listed on the menu. When questioned the waitress said "I thought everyone knew by now", because that's how it works. Coffee was extremely bitter. Upon checkout, cashier too busy playing Soduko to look up and when spoken to, she responded with mouth full of food spitting all over. Would not recommend.
This place is really unsanitary, the table was not cleaned properly. The utensils the waitress gave to us had syrup and her fingerprints were on them. The decorations above us where full of dust that seemed that it wasn't cleaned in ages. To end the day the same waitress almost overcharged me and after talking about it she did not want to give me a receipt. This was my first visit and honestly it's the last.
Let me start by saying please don't even waste your time coming here. It was late and our usual go to quick bite spot was closed so we felt adventurous and traveled down the street to Bobs...‍ epic fail. We placed our order, food came swiftly... like too swift...like it was a Swanson microwave meal. Immediately I noticed a stench as if something was rancid. Was it my fried potatoes? After all they were soggy...Nope. My exploding scrambled eggs...nope. It was my French Toast!!! It smelled like curdled milk... barf. I sent it back and like a fool we still finished the rest of our meal. When the check came it was illegible . The waitress had the audacity to try to argue with us and say it cost  DOUBLE the amount,  even after an itemized account from the menu. Her reasoning for the extra $$ tax and the debit card surcharge.... bull crap! This place is a complete rip off... food/service
I'm from Jersey originally and have been very disappointed with the diner scene in philly since moving here 10 years ago but Bobs really hits the spot. The comfortable local diner atmosphere and the breakfast eats are on point. Only diner I will go to in this area from here on out.
I used to be really impressed when I got to dine here every month or so, but I was six and still thought shiny rocks were the bee's knees; call me a cynic, but being good in the 80's doesn't mean a thing to me twenty plus years later. 

Bob's is generally crowded, especially when the post drinking/church crews roll through, but they do serve fast and keep us schmucks rolling in and out promptly. Food here is average in that it's edible but will never wow you, and the ambiance reminds me of inner-city diners from B movies and such; it's a crowded and noisy dinner with waitresses who's perms look naked without the accompanying cigarette dangling from their lips.

Bob's is a clean enough looking place, though I have seen a critter or two in the past, but I'm not naive and know they are everywhere. It's other factors mixed with them creepy crawlies that have brought on my decision to never return (hairs, messed up orders, terrible after-eating-bathroom extravaganzas, etc.), including the events during my final appearance here:

Usual crowded Sunday morning, but we were seated after a very brief wait. Put in our order about the same time the table inches to our left did and sat back In anticipation. Lipstick on my water glass, but that happens, so I just asked for a new one. Wait for food seems longer than usual, but it is a Sunday, and then it finally arrives: the lovely lady's French toast came out instead as pancakes, and my well done home fries are actually French fries. We are not upset by these mistakes because the place is jumping and we can sympathize with mixing up what should be French on the order, so we point out the mistakes. Our waitress apologizes profusely, grabs the platter of cakes saying she'll be right back with the correction, and tells me to keep the fries, on the house, and my homies will be out post haste. 

All seemed great at this point until the table to our left, who's food arrived simultaneously, pointed out that they were missing their side of fries. 

"Oh, that's what happened!" Says the curly haired waitress, and then bare hands the fries from my plate, with a chunk of my omelette, and plops them on our neighbor's dish. 
"But wait, I told him he could eat these while he waits!" And she grabs half the fries, sans egg, and returns them to me. "You guys work on them and I'll be right back with fresh stuff for both of you."

So friendly, so resourceful, but so wrong; that was the straw, and I'm never going back.
Awful service. During the order taking I asked the waitress Mary Lou about the blueberry pancakes. She answered my question and I replied with I'll have that. I also told her I'd have a side of home fries. She then asked "is that all?"  Of course I said yes thinking she meant will that complete your order as you hear often in restaurants. She asked meaning "you only want home fries". Because of this miscommunication she did not bring the pancakes and when I asked where they were, she made me feel as if I made the error and it was my fault. I never received an apology, nor was one hinted at.  That was the last I saw/spoke to her. She clearly pawned our table off to another waitress because the other one brought the food, refilled the beverages, and brought the check. This was one of the worst displays of services I've encountered. If she had apologized and did not argue with me over the problem she would have gotten a tip. I wasn't even rude to her because mistakes happen, but don't make me feel like it was my fault. She should be bussing the tables and not serving them.
This is such a friendly little diner!  And yes, I do mean little!  

I was really impressed with everything from the getgo.  The place was crazy busy around 1:00 p.m. on Sunday. Good sign.  Was told to seat myself - which is a joy, seriously.  Was immediately greeted by not one, not two, but three friendly servers who were all ready to help.  The menu is bigger than I expected, and had all the breakfast items on there that I was looking for - and for a lot less money than I pay at other breakfast spots.   

I was thrilled when I was given the option to have onions in my homefries.  I love my homefries with onions, but I know plenty of people who prefer them otherwise, and it was nice to know that there were options.  I tend to like things plain and have had a lot of trouble at restaurants of all kinds when I ask for substitutions or omissions.  Bob's was all about it right from the start.  The food came out quick - but not too quick - and every bite was delicious.  

Bob's is cash only, but they do have an ATM on premises (and two banks are across the street, too) so don't worry if you forget.  Best part of my time at Bob's was actually on the way out, when I felt as if they truly meant it when they told me they hoped to see me the next week.  I think I'll continue to take them up on that, no problem!
Bob's Diner is an authentic, 1940s/1950's diner car restaurant wedged on a piece of land in between a church and a cemetery in what used to be a mill worker's neighborhood in the Roxborough section of Philly.  While the area around it has changed to be a mix of city workers and Manayunk hipsters, you get the feeling Bob's has not changed with the neighborhood.  

It's here you will get coffee in a coffee cup, not a mug, with a saucer.  The kind of coffee cup you don't see often anymore - thick, durable stoneware.  

We went there for breakfast, seeking out another place with good SOS and pancakes.  Being a true diner, you can at their biggest table get maybe 5 people fi they're small. Fortunately we were 3 adults and 2 kids so we could get in to one.  We waited about 5 minutes for our table to be ready.  Service was friendly and reasonably prompt, grill was  a little slow but they were packed.

The good:  Scrapple on the flat top grill, no deep frying here!  Italian sweet sausage sliced in half and grilled and true honest to God diner style cinnamon rolls served with butter - not sugar icing.  I haven't seen those in years and boy were they good.

OK: Pancakes- they do the kids pancake as a Mickey Mouse Ear which is cute.  They were good but a wee bit underdone for us.

So-so: Creamed chipped beef, aka SOS.  Thicker than usual gravy and missing that salty savoriness that makes this dish wonderful.  Faithful Dining Companion felt they might have had an off day as they've had better in the past.

This place is cash only which can be inconvenient but not so much that it's prohibitive to go. They have an ATM and there's a bank across the street.   It's cheap, which makes the minor inconvenience worth it.
This is your typical awesome greasy spoon diner
Staff is great, food is good. We go there for breakfast. 
This place is a staple of area of manayunk.  But the most awesome part of the bobs diner is the hostess/cashier COOKIE
she is your grandmother type that knows everyone 
Why because she's been around since forever!! She will brighten your day 
Anyway great place for your local old school diner w home town flare
I only come here for breakfast, mostly on the weekends. I love it; it's a small dive diner with a view of the cemetery and the eclectic people* of Roxborough.  My usual is the one-egg eye opener breakfast served with unlimited coffee, potatoes and corned beef hash for $5.99. Yum. I try to come after 10:30 when the deep fryer is on 'cause I love French fries for breakfast. There's usually a wait at that time (darn you hung over Manayunk-ers). Service is quick so if there is a long line, don't be discouraged, you'll never wait more than 15 minutes for a table. There's almost always seating available or close to available at the "bar".

*read: people with mustaches and oversized-dark sunglasses
My husband and I ordered cheese burgers. His came with fries and I just wanted a good diner cheese burger. These were taken out and we only live five minutes away. When I opened my cheese burger it had an aroma and not the good cheese burger aroma that I am used to but the smell of meat that is or has gone bad.

I told my husband that I think the burgers are bad. I took a bite in spite of my apprehension. It definitely was bad meat. I was thinking of returning the food but I threw my burger away and will never return. I love a good diner but this is not a good diner.  Don't be fooled by the 4 star ratings.
Skip! This is by far the worse diner I've ever been to.  We drove by it acouple months ago and stopped thinking it looked cute and the best philly signs out front made it seem like it'd be a good place to go! WRONG. Inside is outdated and dirty, with tape holding up all the broken windows. The first time we went the food wasn't great, but we thought maybe it was just an off day. Growing up in the industry we know things can happen. So we tried again today.... WRONG AGAIN. My food was lukewarm and my sausage was actually still cold in the middle. My girlfriend had an omelet with mushrooms and spinach, which were both from a can!!! The home fries were unsalted and there was more onions than actual potatoes. It was bad! Two breakfast platters and we ended up paying $34. All and all bad place. Don't waste your time or money!
Only cash accepted which is inconvenient. It kinda smelled weird in the restaurant. The looks from the outside seems "80s" themed but I'm not sure they did that on purpose, it just hasn't been updated since the 80s. Fried chicken had too much fat and the corn was bland. The baked potato was good. The fried soft pretzel was advertised as crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside; there was nothing "soft" about the pretzel's inside. Disappointing experience.
If you want great food, customer service and prices, this is the place to go. Portions are large and food is delicious. We found this restaurant by mistake. What a pleasure it was. We will be returning just as soon as possible. Make a point to go here. You will really love it
Thank God this place was open on New Year's Day, because I was hungry after a long night out welcoming in 2015. The diner is pretty small, so there was a ten minute wait or so when the boyfriend and I walked up.

The busers brought us water right away and we were ready to order when the waitress walked over. I got a chocolate milkshake. Go for the eye opener, a classic diner breakfast platter with two eggs, meat, choice of buttered toast, and (delicious) home fries. You also get a cup of coffee included with the plate. The entire meal was just over $20. There is also a check-in deal for a free app on Yelp if you order a dinner entree (only after 4PM). BYO alcohol if you like (no bar on premises).

The crowds caused the waitstaff to be extremely busy, but even with the droves of hungry people, we got our food in record time and the waitress was very friendly. We wolfed our food down because we were really hungry (and it was tasty), but at no point did we feel rushed.

There are only four parking spots out front, so unless you are super lucky and get there at exactly the right time, you will have to park on the street.
For many Philadelphia rowers who spend their Saturday mornings on the Schuylkill, the go-to, post-workout, hotspot is Pete's Diner on Fairmount ave. But I know all rowers and most Philadelphians are willing to go the extra mile (or two) for a great meal: I dare them to venture to Bob's Diner on Ridge Ave, where the bacon is thick, the hash-browns are golden brown, and the service is friendly and genuine. If your tired of waiting an hour for that Belgian waffle the Pete's waitress somehow forgets biweekly, head up to Bob's D and give it a try!
Worst burger and grilled cheese I've ever had. Service was weird as well. I was there with a black friend and we got strange looks from all that worked there.
Classic diner fare with great service, make this a go-to diner.  Go for the ambiance, a train dining care as well as the yummy breakfast menu.
I LOVE this place.  And if you love box car diners, you'll love it, too.

I've only eaten breakfast here, but this diner is one of two diners in all of Philadelphia that will make my eggs over medium instead of wussing out and give me over easy.

Yummy pancakes, sweet old ladies that take your order, and it's not even that expensive as compared with some other diners.  

Definitely try their milkshakes.  Best hangover remedy ever!
An Amazing Meal From the Past of the 60's.

The food is so simple from a diner box, but tastes absolutely amazing! It was built during the 1960's (from what I was told), and the folks there has still found the ability to keep the atmosphere similiar to the time. Always busy for a little tiny place, but worth it to eat if you are looking for a simple meal for an inexpensive price. Its great! I usually have breakfast there, and NEVER had a complaint about it. They never try to spice anything up, just simple and just right!

Parking is usually tough in Roxborough, but you can park behind the citizen's parking lot with free of charge.
You know that generic diner you see in movies where it's tiny, has dollar coffee, and everybody knows your name? That's Bob's.
Traditional diners in Philly are disappearing, and Bob's is a holdout. All the waitresses call you hon, the woman working the cash register has been there for decades, and the walls are covered in memories. 
We do breakfast there on weekends, and you usually don't have to wait too long for a table. If you sit at the counter, it's faster, plus you get to watch them fling endless strips of bacon on the tiny grill in front of you. 
Food is tasty, prices are reasonable, and there's street parking for free all down lyceum ave.
It was a really cute little place and the service was excellent.

I went in thinking I wanted breakfast, but it was 90degrees and a hot omelet didn't sound all that great once I walked into that tiny tin box without air conditioning.

He got the patty melt and we split an order of mozarella sticks.  He liked his burger.  The mozz sticks were fine but the batter was a bit thick for my liking.  

I got an egg salad sandwich on a kaiser roll.  ($.50 extra for lettuce, really?)  I ordered a baked sweet potato too.  The egg salad sandwich was enormous.  I couldn't even finish it and took the baked sweet potato home.

A cute little place.  I'd be willing to check it out again for breakfast on a much cooler day.
Always consistent !
Fast service and every single person I've brought here loves it. The coffee is always kept full and the staff allows me to take photos of them for my diner project. I'm addicted to their strawberry pancakes. It's a real diner not a trendy restaurant so don't listen to some of the reviews on here. If you give the staff attitude you'll get it right back. THAT"S A REAL DINER!
The food was good. The staff was not to great. While in the middle of ordering our food she says I have to grab the other food while there is other staff available but they are lazy azz motherfukers or she could of grabbed the food first than ask us to order. She argued with me about a certificate that I had for the diner. When we went to leave instead of her taking the ticket with her to the front her lazy azz left it on the bar and asked me to grab it and bring it to her, which is her job not mines. the other lady was sitting on her fat azz the whole time with her head back, which is not professional at all, oh and when my sister got her steak she was doing something for work on her phone the waitress goes up to her and says why aren't you eating your food?, and tells us last minute it is cash only while the atm is broken in the restaurant and I had to run across the street in the pouring rain because of the dumbazz motherfuker I will not recommend anyone to go here and have to deal with lethargic azz people, oh and if you are of color she will stare at you like a hawk. thank you Agnes for the pain in the azz service you have given me it was such a pleasure you racist azzhole
Wish I could love this place but the prices are not worthy of the food provided. The food arrives over done or under done ~ cold~ or not what you ordered . Some of the staff is nice some ignore you. You wait to get a table depending on who at the door.  Diner is dirty. Half and half, butter is left out on the table maybe all day? Spoiled ~ 
Place needs help
Really disgusted, the fork and knife were still dirty and they over charged us. The pictures above us had dust falling down to our table and the tables were unsanitary...
Bob's Diner is greasy and I love it!

It's quite small but that's what makes it special & homey. I love the fact that you feel like you are part of a big family when you're here -- maybe because you are squished in :) It has everything you would except...a jukebox, dessert case, booths and lots of shiny metal all over!

Breakfast sandwiches are a must-they are pretty big and of course scrapple cooked extra crispy is a must.
I have passed by this place a trillion times in my 10 years in this area but have never stopped in.  Well, it wasn't the worst but I was not impressed.  

The Foodery on the next block ran out of lunch stuff, Taylor's was closed and this was walkable.  I guess we got there between shifts so it was quiet - only ones in there.  That's why I can't imagine why the service was so slow.  Our waitress was doing sidework and in deep conversation with someone.  She warmed up toward the end but . . .

I got a chicken sandwich.  It was memorable because it had so much cheese on it but wasn't melted all the way.  I had to peel it away and then there was hardly any meat on there.  The menu didn't impress like some diners when you get extensive options, either.  It all seemed like greasy options, really.  The decor was 90s country chic.  It didn't seem all that clean either as some evidence of the last patrons' meal were still on the floor.

Maybe this place is a great breakfast joint but I don't think I will be back to find out.  A half a block up is Taylors, which I love, and has recently gotten an updated facelift, has great food and great personable service.  

Sorry, Bob.
I think it's one of the last real diners in the Roxborough/Manayunk area. First off it's absolutely adorable. Who wouldn't want to eat in a silver trailer thing?! Secondly, the people that work there are so friendly and you are guaranteed to be called "hun." The prices are very reasonable and the food is what you would expect from a diner. I come from Jersey, land of diners, and I would eat at Bob's any day. I guess the portions are smaller, but I never leave hungry. I would go to Bob's over the Manayunk diner ANY day!

The downsides, however, are that it is a small space and sometimes there is quite a wait. This is especially true on the weekend. The other thing I would change is that they don't take credit/debit. There are a few banks on the street, so it's not too difficult to come by some cash. Someone mentioned that the parking was difficult, but it really isn't all that bad. It's nothing compared to center city. You might have to walk a block or two, but you might need it after a breakfast at Bob's.
The novelty of eating in an old diner located in a cemetery earned this place an extra star. My kids loved it. I had the Mac and Cheesesteak. The side salad worked. Daughter had the cheeseburger deluxe. Fries are the kind w the batter on them. The  service was quite good and the staff is fun. One waitress there once said re the surrounds, "we keep the bad tippers out back. "
Before going to Bobs, I did not realize it had been voted "Best Breakfast". I just moved to the area and was looking for a good greasy spoon spot near my house and thought this would be it. I thought the idea of a diner that allowed you to look out over a graveyard was kind of fun. 

Unfortunately, Bobs will not be my regular greasy spoon.

If the food were even averagely good, the inconvenience of the cash-only policy and pretty long wait (for a booth, single stools at the counter seem to open up pretty quickly) would be fine. But, it wasn't. I've had a better breakfast at IHOP (which is saying something, because I really hate that place). Knowing that it was voted Best Breakfast, I am even further mystified by the food I ate. 

I was judging the food by greasy spoon standards, not breakfast bistro and I am still giving it two stars. The french toast was very thin and oddly flavored--it honestly didn't really taste like... anything. Even when drowned in rivers of syrup. The western omelette was dry and they didn't put the ham IN the omelet, it was served on the side (maybe this is a Philly thing?) and rubbery. It made it equally mystifying that they had refused to substitute bacon for the ham in the western omelette given it's peculiar way of service. The coffee was ok, the hashbrowns were adequate.  The eggs were averagely greasy. The same day we were there, we ran into people we knew who were also trying it for the first time. They came away from the experience roughly the same way we did, but they did later mention their stomach was cramping from the food/grease. 

Bobs is not without it's charm. It's an old diner car, which is how diners came about. But that also means there is limited space and can feel kind of cramped. The service can be charming and it is definitely a place you go if you want to be remembered quickly as a regular. The sweet and hilariously adorable chatty cashier is quite memorable. But that's what you go to Bobs for--not for the food.
Breakfast is the only meal worth eating at Bob's Diner -- their breakfast dishes are fine. Otherwise, their food ranges from only adequate (their hamburgers) to dreadful (their meatloaf). 

Their service matched their food, ranging from lackluster to dreadful. Our waiter was apologetic but could not speed up the kitchen. 

And I thought all diners had good food and good service!
Went there for breakfast today! Service was okay but once the food came nobody came to check on us. I ordered the garden omelet which came loaded with veggies. However, the veggies seem to all be from a can or frozen. The spinach was frozen & just gross.  Mushrooms from a can. On top of that there were extra charges for everything!! $3 for cheese, 1.25 for NO onions on the omelet .
Just a lot of extra charges & expensive for breakfast. Im use to city prices but it just felt unreasonable . 
On the positive side , Cookie is so sweet & fries are great!
I've only ever been here for breakfast. 
I got a stack of pancakes, which were fluffy and tasty, and came with a soaked in lump of butter (just how I like it). My side of bacon however, was far more lackluster... 
It's diner food, and it's a great, cheap way to start a Saturday morning, the prices match what you get, and our waitress was charming (she also knew my bf's dad who frequents the place, so that helped).
Oh, and the orange juice isn't fresh. Not that I expected it to be either.
So had breakfast at bobs today where to start I ordered cream chipped beef that came out room temperature  the toast it was over wasburned I ask for my home fries well done thay where burned and cold then the bill came well there was a lot of 2.99 changes that did not add up so I paid 30 bucks for too orders of cream chipped beef a side of bacon and scrapple that was cold to WILL NEVER EAT THERE AGAIN
i come here maybe once or twice a year for breakfast, and only breakfast. i would never try anything other than their sandwiches...
this place is a staple in the community, well maybe not a staple but it has been around for a long time so for someone who's father grew up in ROXborough, i feel i should visit a few times.
the staff are either pretty old, overweight, or just grouchy. I haven't had a bad waitress but i can tell they judge people based on if they seem like aren't from the neighborhood. the food is fine, nothing great but nothing bad either... the prices are normal, around 5$ a breakfast platter. it is a small diner though, only about 16 tables or so.
like i said, i would come back maybe once or twice a year and most likely because i was hungover and i didn't want to venture too far.


CA$H only! however there are banks across the street.
Nothing too special, just a good ole fashion neighborhood dinner. Solid breakfast, solid lunch, cheap, and next to a graveyard which is always a nice touch. It is what you think it is, go in with that mindset and you will enjoy it.
Sat at the counter w/ my boo, had a free app via Yelp check-in (mozzy moons), and a chicken salad club on rye. The lady had a BLT on wheat. 
Service was great (thanks Stef) and our food was just what we needed. Would definitely return.
Came here for breakfast on s Sunday morning. With how crowded it was, my expectations were high. We ordered two omelets, coffee, and a side of turkey bacon. For the price ($35+) we should have received much better. Our omelets were small and half cooked- had raw egg running out the middle. The mushrooms were straight from a can. The spinach seemed either from a can or frozen. For that price I would expect fresh ingredients and properly cooked eggs. We were very disappointed! 
Needless to say, we won't be returning.
Cool lookin' old school diner. The waitress sang "watch me whip" as she put whip cream on my nephews hot chocolate-added bonus! Thanks for the enjoyable dining experience
Bob's was a pretty cute experience that made me feel like I was back in jersey diners. Staff was very friendly, even though it was swamped, and they kept refilling our coffee/got everything out quick. Wasn't the most incredible breakfast and the place could stand to be more sanitary, but I was happy to find a decent diner around here.
The staff was GREAT! I appreciated the hospitality and the price was reasonable, but the food was typical of a greasy spoon establishment. Very similar to a Waffle House.
Came her for lunch while I waited for a haircut. This place is unique with characters working there. Trust me order the food it is pretty good. I had the hot turkey sandwich with fries, a pickle and cranberry sauce all with gravy. The fries were not that desirable, however, the gravy made up for it. I would try this CASH ONLY option again.
My sister lives in Manayunk, so this is the diner we choos"e to come to for breakfast or lunch or KAWFEE TAWK when I'm in town. We really don't like the one in Manayunk by the movie theatre even though it's very close to her place). There's something about Roxbourough, just north of Manayunk, that says "Time Warp", "A front for a seedy operation". "Money Laundering", "I donno nuting, I just work here", "Sleepy Grandma Land" and "It May be Quiet here, but don't ask any questions!"

Bob's Diner is a sleepy little old fashioned wrinkle-in-time chrome diner car that fits right in to this theme. My sis and I can't get over how adorabe and unadulteratedly old world it is. While the service is pretty appalling, it goes with the Roxborough theme I described earlier...so you can't really be very surprised...it's Roxborough. But since I'm a NY-er for a decade and a-half now, I can't help but tip accordingly....sorry...seen too many people hussle for a dollar...INCLUDING ME!!...so no matter how much I love (or sometimes hate) Philly, I can't reward the brazenly lame service I've had more than a few times at Bob's Diner. 

Diner queens that we are, my sis and I are such suckers for that classic antique americana diner style - especially the classic chrome boxcar variety - we tend to geek out over the nostalgia before anything else. Oh, and did I mention the fries yet? The fries are worthwhile...I'll come back to them. While Bob's did keep many of the original fixtures inside, they could have gone all-the-way with the vintage schtik in their decor. If they had taken it back to 50's, they would have an original Johnny Rocket's kind of place - only the real thing! Instead of really maximizing the cuteness/old-worlde feel, they got lassiez faire on the interior decor too with the corny, zero-style draperies and upholstery inside that has nothing to do with the diner's original slice of Americana and antiquity - it even defeats it - and so does the blazay service. 

In my opinion, Roxbourough overall, tends to have that approach to service - laissez faire with a hard edge to it and a touch of deep-dark-secret sprinkled ontop almost to say "If you think this is how I actually pay my bills, yooz a damn fool". They would rather finish their conversation with co-workers than take your order. I don't know what it is, but a lot of the shops around here will look at you funny like "what are you doing here" as though everyone else knows the place is a mafia front and that no one actually does a thing there, so what are you don't there? But that is so fascinating to me, I just want to go to all of them and ask for lots of different stuff. Like "hey, why are the lights off". I guess I better chill, before I end up in a meat locker or something.....


Seeing as I have been living in Brooklyn for so many years now, I have absolutely no patience or loyalty for some of the blazay service and schmoozing you sometimes have to do in Philly neighborhoods to get decent service, I have no problem calling 'em like I see 'em. But my sister will schmooze and defend peoples unprofessional service techniques a lot more than I will  - she would never say that this diner has poor service....so I guess it's a "depends who you ask" kind of thing. I can see that the regulars are treated with extra TLC, for one thing. If there are 3 customers in the whole diner and we have to call 2 waitresses from their convo to give us our first coffee refill in 20 minutes, you have seriously crossed the line in my book though...

But when the food finally arrives, I can never complain at Bob's. Homestyle complete dinners - the kind that come with a side of mash and greenbeans, or breakfasts - french toast, etc. always hit the spot. They make their own fries nowadays, and I cannot front at all....they are absolutely delicious - sometimes I'd consider them PERFECT. The coffee tastes good and satisfies a coffee addict's craving, but later on I realize it may be "magic" coffee inthat in has absolutely no caffeine effect on either my sis or I. Still, I have a fetish for old fashioned time-warp style diners (and delis, restaurants, anything really) and drinking coffee inside these places out of old fashioned coffee cups-n-saucers....it satisfies me in some odd, simple way that is half of what I consider a good coffee drinking experience.... My sis and I always have excellent CAWFEE TAWLK at Bob's no matter what.
I wish it were better, but its not very good.  Having been there for both lunch and breakfast, its what you'd expect from a cheap neighborhood diner.  It serves its purpose, but I'll go elsewhere when I want to eat out for breakfast.
This diner is awesome, old school and everything you want out of  a diner. The servers are all so nice and I have never been disappointed.

But their integrity is what puts Bob's Diner above and beyond.  I left my wallet   and the owner tried to contact me through my doctor (appointment card was in my wallet). When I eventually realized my wallet was missing hours later, and I retraced my steps, I called the diner. They had it locked up and waiting for me.  When i opened it up, everything, including all my cash was still intact.  

Thank you, Bob's Diner!
So, this is a breakfast review.

Brunch Lunch or Munch this place is a Diner.  A Diner that does the basics and only the basics.  The craziest thing on the menu is an omelet with tomatoes, onions, peppers, mushrooms and cheese.  INSANE!!!

PAncakes are banging and big and that's all you should really need to know, but since I am a bob's counesur, spell check sucks, I will elaborate on other items so that people can steer away or toward these gems that come out of a trailer in a cemetary.  

French Toast- Don't waste you money unless you like it like mom makes it.

Ultimate omlette- comes with toast and is the best thing on the menu

Scrapple-  Thin but cooked right, if there is a wrong way to cook roadkill, delicious, delicious roadkill  mmmmmmmm.

Sausage Patties- awesome

Bacon and homefries- OK at best.

Goodluck and its always more affordable and better than manayunk diner!
I ordered my food, waited 30 minutes, and watched two families come in after me and finish their meals before I gave up and left hungry. I would call that the worst service possible.
I visited this diner for lunch with a friend this past Saturday. It was small and busy so we figured it would be worth it! First, let me say that it took over 15 minutes for someone to take our order. My friend and I sat during that time with our menus closed and looked around. No one came by. It wasn't until we were about to leave that a waitress came over to take our order. The food itself was good, except the fries that I received were mostly small bits -- almost like I had gotten the end of the batch. They were tasty regardless.

When we went to pay our check, we couldn't understand/read what our waitress wrote on the check and tried to explain that to the lady ringing us up. She was quite rude, to be honest, especially when I tried to explain to her what we thought the bill said. I remember saying, "ok so this says $9.99" and she interrupted me to say "I see that." This all happened after she and another customer got into an argument about his bill (even though it was the waitress' fault -- she still was yelling at him). 

Based on this first impression, I won't be back unless I have to be.
When I think of a grabbing a quick breakfast that's inexpensive and greasy, I think or Bob's Diner on Ridge Avenue. This quaint converted mobile home is just the place for you to bring the kids Sunday morning to enjoy the atmosphere of a simpler time before trans fat was considered unhealthy. For the most part, the ambiance and staff were pleasant, except for the incessant lights that were flickering constantly (thank goodness no one had a seizure). All and all, if you request less butter and wear your sunglasses during your experience, this establishment could easily be four stars. Bob's is a solid three stars and was a pleasure to review.
You know, Bob's is just one of those places.  Frankly, the food is secondary.  It's the lovely, friendly, attentive and down home service I like best.  Good moods, family-like atmosphere, comfortable setting.  Oh, and they serve grits.
Fast and friendly, this place is in an old diner car on a cute downtown street. Got there at 9:30am on a Sunday and had to wait 5minutes to be seated, but once we were seated, things were quick. 

Everyone was so friendly, even during the breakfast rush. Pancakes were fat and fluffy, and drenched with butter. The bacon was crispy yet not overdone, and the hash browns were spiced with something that made salt not a requirement. 

The patrons were lively as well, one lady LOVED my son, and the cashier gave my son a book to read to help keep him occupied. The service was super friendly as well. Oh and they have milkshakes!

All in all, awesome breakfast interlude for a Sunday morn. Can't wait to return.
Bob's is a hangover cure for the locals. This is good old wholesome diner food. That said, there's nothing incredibly special about the food. The win for this place is the quality of service and the personality of the staff.

I've never been to Bob's and not fallen in love with a waitress. They are an excellent group of ladies. 

I always end up having the 2 eggs breakfast special. It comes with toast, homefries and coffee. All of this for $5.95. 

This place is a staple in the community and will continue to be for years to come.
Great, no frills, classic diner. Small inside. Cash only. Overlooks a cemetery. Awesome breakfast. Please don't come here, the lines are already too long on the weekends. Totally worth it.
Bob's Diner, in Roxborough. I would've taken a picture of the adorable outside, but that would've been risking my life in the middle of traffic, and I hate being hit by cars. So yes, it's not the most convenient location, though we got lucky with our parking.

It was authentic, though, like a little cafe in a car met one of my favorite, long-menued diners in Jersey.  I originally ordered French toast with bacon, and then I saw it.  The Holy Grail of breakfast meats, in my opinion.  PORK ROLL! I quickly replaced my bacon order, and was soon greeted with a warm plate.  The French toast was so light, it was like a cloud. A cloud I doused in syrup.  The pork roll was the star of the show, though, thick, charred, and salty.  I made quick work of my plate, forking up a combination of French toast and pork roll together in each bite.  It didn't stand a chance.  My partner enjoyed a giant, fluffy chocolate chip pancake that was jammed with enough chocolate to appease any sweet tooth, though not to the point of diabetic coma. 

The waitstaff was friendly and funny, which is why I love sitting at the bar, the prices were very reasonable, and the food was delish.  I'd totally come back again.
I've been coming to Bob's Diner in Roxborough for years.  We first discovered it when my wife and I started dating and she lived in Mt. Airy, and it became the "usual" spot before or after a hike through Wissahickon Gorge. This "it never changes" greasy-spoon spot is like something out of a classic movie (or David Lynch's Americana Dream). Cash only. Tight quarters that haven't been updated since probably 1965. Lines out the door for breakfast on the weekends. Sassy waitresses.  Colorful story-telling cashiers (a side note: has anyone seen our favorite Cookie lately?).  Hard working line cooks in full view behind the counter slapping up piles of hash browns and bacon to die for (they get it crispy like I like - without burning it - and still so full of bacon-y flavor!). The coffee is great and they keep it coming. The few times we've been for dinner, it's like a ghost-town (almost like it's own doppleganger) and the next-door cemetery becomes more eerily apparent (or "shady" as my nephew likes to say) but the food is just as slamming (can't go wrong with yellow-gravy smothered hot turkey sandwiches and buttery mashed potatoes).  For all intents and purposes this is probably a 4 (can any diner really reach a 5?) but it gets a 5 for character, atmosphere and "trapped in time"-ness.
Let me tell you about this place. If you have type 2 diabetes, take Lipitor, and looking for an establishment to take the grandkids after mass on Sunday, this is the place for you. And yes, I know the former sentence is a run-on but I'm a yelp reviewer not an English major. This quaint little diner takes you back to a simpler time, where racism was rampant and everything was shiny and silver (otherwise known as the 50's). From the countertop to the booths, Bob's Diner™ aesthetically looks and runs like a mom and pop shop. The staff is friendly, always refilling you cup of coffee. One thing I love about this place is how kid friendly it is. Children of all ages are welcome, and treated stupendously. Now, for the big disappointment. I felt as if the cooks were actively trying to clog my arteries with the amount of butter they put on everything. The toast and pancakes are soaked in the saturated fat. If you like that, then come on over because this is the place for you. If not, maybe wait for your cheat day. Overall, the atmosphere is lovely; the food subpar. I give this place 3 stars.
Upon my first visit, I wanted to do a takeout order. The waitress who took the order was very short with me. I ordered 2 eggs and home fries in came with toast and coffee or tea. When ordered it I asked for coffee and this waitress said snootily you don't get the coffee with takeout, even though it was not notated as such on the menu. Well I walked 5 blocks back to home, open the container and there is no toast, how do you screw up on 3 items and give me only two? I called the diner to tell them their error, they gave me back that waitress who says "Sorry what do you want me to do?"with her nasty attitude, I let her know that I didn't appreciate her attitude towards me  and she started yelling! I said I wouldn't be returning and hung up. I guess they're not interested in new customers. I've never been treated like this upon my first visit to an establishment. Do not give these people your money. I paid $8 for 2 eggs and home fries because they forgot the toast. Ridiculous prices for crappy food and service!
Went here with my wife while in search of a good new breakfast spot to try since we were in that area by chance. I drove by and was drawn by the cool exterior and "in the cut" locale in an area known for great grub. Well, that's where the positives stop. Went in, ordered 2 egg and cheese sandwiches on long rolls, one English muffin sandwich and two orders of hash browns. Easy enough. Get all the way home (which is Southwest Philly, by the airport!) only to experience some of the worst food I've ever had the privelidge of paying for. My wife's sandwich was dry, lacking in flavor and stingy on both bacon and egg, my sandwich was pretty good with the sausage patty being tasty and the muffin toasted right, but also a little light with the eggs. I can tolerate a breakfast sandwich that's not the best, but the utter disrespect of the home fries was too much to stomach. I actually had to recall my interactions with the staff because they were so bad. I couldn't put 2 and 2 together! I was nice to the staff and even sought out the waitress who took my order to tip her for her awesome service. It makes no sense for an establishment to serve it's customers this kind of crap. What irritates me is that the chef had to have seen it, and said " this is perfectly acceptable". I had two orders of the potatoes, and both were burnt and inedible. Like I said, I drove from SW Philly to this area, and wanted to put this place on my list of favorites. It will never happen. Which really stinks because the ladies and who I presumed to be either an owner or manager were very nice. The free coffee, an added touch. But the food. Oh the food. McDonalds would have been better quite frankly.
My gf and I came here for the first time. We were too early for dinner,(dinner starts at 4pm)so we had dinner. Well, my gf had breakfast along with the chicken soup which I had. The soup was very good. More on the food and service later. We love the inside and outside of the diner. Atmosphere is very cool like we thought it would. The bathrooms were very clean and up to date style wise. We checked in on Yelp to receive a free appetizer. The one we picked,(boneless chicken wings)they were out of. In their place, the waitress, Agnes, brought out breaded chicken and asked if they would do as a substitute. Since, for different reasons, there was nothing else we wanted, we acquiesced. Unfortunately for me, I had already ordered a chicken parmigiana sandwich. Same chicken of course. 
Chicken parmigiana was okay. Not bad. Not great. Gf ordered hot tea. I only had water. Agnes never offered more tea or filled our waters. We walked in around 3:30pm, so it wasn't like they were busy. Agnes was nice, but could have been a little more helpful. In regard to the free app, we got it, but it wasn't without a bit of agg. She was trying to follow the policy, so she shouldn't be faulted. She asked me to look for a code on the Yelp offer. I showed her that there wasn't one listed. I took a screenshot of the offer. To redeem, you need to hit, mark as used. Once I did that, a stamp came up that said, redeemed. Agnes called the owner, Jim, to explain that there was no code. Jim, thankfully told her to take off the app. It was bad enough,  that they were out of what we wanted, so if they didn't redeem the offer, I wouldn't have been happy and certainly wouldn't come back. 
We will come back at some point and have breakfast in the morning.
Bobs is the best hangover food ever. Small place and kind of awkward going in your first time. You wait for a seat to open up and then swoop in. 

I always order eggs with toast, has browns, and turkey sausage. So great a small towny place like this has turkey sausage. 

The food is cheap and great diner food. 

Cash only.
I used to eat here a few times a week in the 80's and 90's. The price was cheap and the food was good. 
Its been 17 years and i returned again for breakfast today. 
My sons breakfast arrived first, my bfast sat on the counter until my sons food was half eaten. 
Then was told she owes me my toast. 
I then waited another 10 min and the toast arrived. 
My eggs were drenched in either oil or what ever they use to keep the eggs sliding around in the pan. I used 5 napkins to soak up the slathered eggs. I ordered onions in my home fries and they tasted like they would have been better 2 days ago. The coffee was the highlight , was good.
23.00 bill, 5 dollar tip and im out of here on my way to CVS for Pepcid AC.
Ain't going back here, not what it used to be when Bob owned it.
Worst omelette I've ever had I'm pretty sure it was made with fake eggs it had no flavor and was somehow extremely watery
Look you know exactly what this place is.. Classic diner. Good food. Fair prices. Staff is mostly friendly. Place could use a good cleaning but hell I dont mind.
This diner is next to a cemetery but don't be afraid because the food is scrumptious. I've had the traditional plate with egg, bacon, potatoes and toast. It was delicious and I'd recommend this diner to local who already know about it  travelers passing through looking for a good and filling meal with a chatter ambiance and friendly waitstaff this is your place.

The people who frequent this place love the food because they seem so comfortable and happy eating and talking. You just gotta love a place where you feel at home like CHEERS 

I really love the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. It's so filling but I still get the potatoes with onions because I just gotta  seriously the cook is amazing and funny too. He often turns around and talks to the customers behind him. I've only been disappointed once with my food. The bacon didn't seem fresh however the cook who I think is the owner told me to come back and get another. Well that was nearly a month ago but when I came in he remembered well he said he wrote a note to remind him but either way I'm please and looking forward to eating my late breakfast!!!

Come once I guarantee you'll come again.
Stopped in because it looked like a classic diner and expected a simple, good diner breakfast. 
Boy, was I wrong! 
Nothing was good - eggs, porkroll, homefries, toast - all subpar. 
Never again. 
Places like this deserve to go under. 
How do you do breakfast so bad?
Excellent conventional, dictionary-definition 40s "diner". 

Good spot to visit especially if you're in the Manayunk-Roxborough neighborhood, or after a hike in the nearby Wissahickon Valley Park.

Recommendation: The chipped toast with beef.

Pros:

* Huge menu with so many different options to fit everyone's needs irrespective of dietary restrictions.
* Extremely cheap meaning value for money and purchasing power are sky high.
* Staff is extremely courteous, and orders are fulfilled ASAP.
* The ambience: you are legitimately gonna feel like you just landed back in the 1940s-1960s.

Cons:
* Cash-only, so be prepared to have some paper money. There is a citizens/TD Bank ATM outside though.
I went here for brunch a few weekends ago with some friends. The place was packed and parking was difficult. 

The food was decent. Typical diner food. I got a meat and eggs order and was satisfied. One of my friends was rightfully disappointed by her omelet. Everyone else liked their food. 

I agree with other reviewers that the crowded space and the cash only are big negatives. On a more positive note, I agree that the service is fast and friendly. 

Overall, it was a good experience. If I go back, it won't be for a weekend brunch.
Yummy! I've been here twice after a long night out in Manayunk and my eyes light up when I see the cheesesteak on a Philly soft pretzel. Just..yum. The fries that come with it are also delicious. Oh, and also, FRIED PICKLES! Never too long of a wait - great diner atmosphere. Very tight space but not uncomfortable.
Food was below average. Overpriced for a diner... $13.00 omelette. Would not return. Staff was good
I have driven past Bob's Diner for many years but never actually went inside until today. It's a seat yourself place and there was no wait. Bob's is an old school original style diner that seems to be run by family. It had great friendly and vibes. I couldn't help myself and got the Bob's Burger and fries while my bf got 3 pancakes and bacon. The burger was monstrous with two huge patties and I got lettuce, tomato and onions. It was so good and filling. The fries were hot the crispy just how I like it. The pancakes were big fluffy and super yummy. The staff and service was the best part. Everyone was so friendly! Please take a note that the diner is CASH ONlY!
