An off the beaten path beer garden with unobstructed city skyline views? Don't mind if I do! This place has a 5 star view especially at night. It's worth going just for that. Entrance is free, and there's a parking lot for guests. It's great for large or small groups, but seating is limited. 

All the prices are reasonable for the location plus there's no cover. $5-$9 beers and some wine. It's a varied list. Mostly bottles and cans. Food is limited and reasonably priced. You can really do better on food somewhere else, but we gotta have snacks.
5 Stars for one of the coolest bars I've ever experienced. It's on top of an old school. That's hard to beat, guys.

We pulled up to the address on Yelp and found ourselves standing in front of a dark, abandoned school. I immediately thought we were victims of a cruel prank. We had asked a random guy on the street for his favorite bar and he mentioned a bar on the roof of an old school. We might as well have bought tickets to the "secret pool on the roof" of our middle school... But at second glance, the sign on the doors said to walk around to the other side for entrance.

After having our IDs checked at the door we waited for our turn on the elevator. It was weirdly exhilarating being in the dark, empty hallways of the old school. It was either going to be amazing or we were all walking into a horror movie scenario.

Walking out onto the roof, it was clearly going to be awesome. The view of the city was unbelievable, it wasn't too crowded (because it was huge and only a week old), the bartender was relaxed and friendly, and the drinks were reasonably priced (beer and wine). We wandered around and each one of us commented about how we wished there was a bar like this in our city. 

But possibly my favorite part of this crazy-awesome concept was the bathrooms. They are the same as when it was a school and that means the stall doors are tiny and super short. Is it awkward? Oh yeah. Is it also kind of awesome? M-hm.
Old highschool spot and looks like one from the entrance .... But u come to this venue for the VIEWS, incredibly rooftop views while sipping a rose with some non-fancy eats on their old school highschool chairs.

I just love it. But the most annoying thing is everyone is taking a selfie or a picture on for their Gram.
Much love to the two Asian homies (probably my cousins) outside of John's Water Ice who both recommended this joint (which we corroborated with Yelp), because Bok Bar, undoubtedly, is the greatest establishment in the history of mankind. 

Forget the speakeasy in that one neighborhood with the sublime hipster interior yet pretentious mixologists selling year 2050 priced liquid concoctions, because this Philly new kid on the block IS LOCATED ON THE ROOFTOP OF GIGANTIC AND FORMER ELEMENTARY/ MIDDLE SCHOOL.

And if THAT weren't amazing enough, the panorama over Philadelphia's incredibly gorgeously magical skyline and Benjamin Franklin Bridge is simply breathtaking. It's analogous to having amazing sex, then receiving a full body massage from a person with iron fingers, and then eating, like, the best ice cream ever (salted caramel). It's almost, in a sense, overwhelmingly stunning.

Things to know:
*****
I. LOCATION & PARKING
Bok Bar is located in the quaint East Passyunk Crossing 'hood that has scattered and narrow street parking. I suggest hailing an Uber, calling upon a retired race horse, or using your hover board. However, be aware that the address listed on Yelp will take you to one corner of now abandoned school. Make your way over to the opposite corner of 8th and Mifflin.

A man will direct you inside. Walk down the hall, take a right and BAM! You're waiting to take the service elevator up to the 8th Floor.

II. FOOD & DRINK
They have a weak assortment of Southeast Asian bar food, so don't expect anything filling. Visit to grab a craft beer or glass of bubbles, red, or white, and enjoy the view. I would love to hangout there all day and night, pounding Chardonnay like it was my job. (WHERE IS THIS JOB?)

III. SERVICE
Super chill, not pretentious. Yeah, I would chill with the people there.

IV. AMBIENCE & DÉCOR
Yo, did you read the part in my review that Bok Bar resides on the rooftop of an elementary/ middle school? I mean, it's mind-blowingly Selma Hayek sexy. And guess what? For a Saturday night, it wasn't busy at all.

Also, even though the bathrooms are clean, the four to five foot high stalls make it hard to have any privacy when trying to do #2. But if you're like #YOLO, I respect dat.

GO HERE FOR THE AMAZING VIEW.

V. PRICES
$5-6 a beer. $7-9 for a glass of wine. Very reasonable. Ooh, and they use Square, or some other electronic form to accept plastic. 

VI. OVERALL
I'm not sure who I have to threaten to duplicate an establishment like Bok Bar in Atlanta - where I live - but I am truly envious of locals for having this (new) Philly gem. Damn. You. All.
Bok Bar is pretty freaking fantastic. Great view of Philly and amazing on nice nights. You can see the entire city. Who would have thought that you can do this with an old school. It's not fancy, but certainly a fun place to grab a drink with friends. Different, but fun. Instead of a bar or restaurant, it feels a bit like showing up for a basketball game. All of their drinks are canned. When I asked for a beer, I didn't expect it to be in a can. Guess it's much easier to do this, than bring heavy kegs to the roof top? It's not the best quality drinks, okay it works. 

Getting to the rooftop requires waiting for the elevator. It was quite warm on this night and super stuffy inside the elevator. Definitely no A/C in the elevator. It was also packed on the way up and on the way down. I'm sure it gets backed up on busier nights. They've recycled old school furniture for seating on the rooftop.
Jealousy. Envy. Bitterness. These are all of the feelings I felt when I heard about this place. WHY CAN'T I HAVE A PLACE LIKE THIS BACK HOME? I love South Florida....but seriously....this concept in BPB would be AMAZING.

First off...let's start with the fact this place was a school at one point. Elementary school I assume judging by the size of the stalls in the men's room. Yeah, they kept basically everything in tact. We even saw some school desks scattered throughout.

We walk in - and get IDs checked. I almost want to knock off a star because they don't have the bouncers wearing patrol belts (http://thumbs.worthpoint.com/zoom/images1/1/0413/12/vintage-aaa-school-safety-patrol_1_18199e48d2919208bfe177e8bfc14f9b.jpg) That would be a dope attention to detail lol. Just kidding, I could never give this place less than 5 stars. Let me continue telling you why and weave my obnoxious school jokes into this review...

This isn't college so there's no cost for admission. There's no cover charge.  (see what I did there?) We piled in and took the elevator up to the roof. That's where the party is. Yea, that's like the most traditional joke that seniors played on freshmen. "Have you checked out the pool? It's on the roof, but only seniors have a key for the elevator." --- actually we found out about this place from strangers on the street (read Jonathan T's review for deets on that) and when they said it was on the roof of a school, I wanted to tell them to go screw themselves and not to prank the tourists. Luckily they had an unspoken bond with Jon and didn't lie to us.

So you get off the elevator and turn to your left. There, before your eyes....a beautiful view of Philly. Shiny lights, a nice breeze. It was unreal.

The are only serving beer and wine (I'm guessing a liquor license is harder to get) but they had a great selection of craft beers - just $5 a pop - that I really enjoyed. The cafeteria staff - err bar staff - was super sociable and eager to talk about the new spot. They had only been open a few weeks, and they all seemed pumped to work there.

We spent a few hours here and it was a really nice time chatting with some of my closest friends, enjoying a locally crafted beer, in one of the most unique venues I've ever been in. For a second there I considered the reason we were all together in Philly. The sadness of the situation...and then was able to smile a bit knowing we were all in it together. It's easily one of my favorite memories - regardless of the unfortunate circumstances that brought us together.

I hope I can see all my friends in homeroom next year. Fingers crossed.
True story: I LOVED school. From Kindergarten to college, I never wanted it to end. Walking into Bok Bar, I had all the nostalgic feels. Even in the bathrooms with the tiny doors that my 5'1 self could see over, I was smitten. 

So yes, Bok Bar is located on the rooftop of an old school. After getting our IDs checked at the door, we made our way to wait for the elevator which led us up to the rooftop. With breathtaking views of the Philadelphia skyline, plenty of seating, and a couple of easily accessible bars, how can you complain? 

They offer a wide selection of affordable beer and wine, as well as a smattering of Asian eats that we didn't have a chance to try (think bánh mì). There was also a cute shop near the elevator we didn't have the chance to check out, but I'd imagine this building will soon be bustling with all sorts of fun things! 

If I'd live in Philly, I'd definitely hang out here ALL. THE. TIME. Get there now before the crowds really descend!
I have visited Bok Bar several times in the past and had loved the view and atmosphere. I thought this would be a great place to enjoy my birthday with 18 guests. Upon arriving, I was barred from entering for having 12 cupcakes. We asked to speak to the manager, who was too busy to come downstairs, so we were greeted by a condescending security manager calling me "cake boss." 

Eventually, we spoke with the manager, Morgan, who stated "you would never show up to a restaurant with cake, why would you come here with that, this is a restaurant." I have never had an issue in any restaurant in Philadelphia bringing cake or cupcakes for a birthday, have you? Especially when the restaurant, or in this case, food stand offering 3 types of snacks, doesn't offer dessert. This was such a bizarre and patronizing response. Some places require a plating fee, which I had offered to pay but the manager refused. The general manager also gave us the same script. I've never been treated so rudely as a customer. We were not even offered any alternative to the situation.

Bok, you should definitely consider a plating fee in the future. 

If you want to experience a beautiful view with friends, I'd suggest checking out Cira Green or SkyGarten.

After this ordeal, we ended up going to Garage South where the staff was very kind and allowed us in with our birthday treats. Garage is great for groups and offers ski ball and billiards. 

I will never return to Bok bar after this experience.
I've read all these good things about Bok Bar and had to see it for myself. We stopped by for pre-dinner drinks last week and loved it. The view of the city from the roof is stunning. There is so much space up there, and tables are spread a good distance apart. It is a very nice place to hang out, drink, and enjoy the views.

Drinks wise, the cocktails are pretty weak. I would recommend sticking with the beer selection. You are also required to order food, but an order of fries or chips for the table to share is perfectly fine.

I also loved that our server kept coming by to check on us to see if we would like more drinks. I was completely expecting Morgan's Pier type of service, so this was really great.

The only thing that sucks is finding street parking in the area. It can be a bit of a pain.
If drinking adult beverages atop an abandoned school is wrong, I don't want to be right.

OK, I'm not just talkin' any abandoned school. I'm pretty sure that would be trespassing, some open container violation, and third-degree hoodrattery. I'm talkin' 'bout Bok Bar, the re-purposed, 21st-century speakeasy-esque, rooftop oasis in South Philly. Yes, I know that combination sounds impossible, but I promise you it's real.

The entrance is on Mifflin, between S. 8th and S. 9th, the only indicators being a bouncer checking IDs, and well, a valet parking situation (though try not to get any country club vibes here - more on that in a bit.) At first, walking through those giant halls, it all feels more like a voting situation versus a, you know, going-to-drink-at-an-abandoned-school situation. But once you take that elevator ride up to the roof, suddenly it all makes sense why Bok Bar exists.

Walking out onto the wide, patio-style expanse, that uninterrupted landscape view of Philadelphia's skyline (and beyond) hits you hard, a mix between those overhead dragon POV shots from Game of Thrones and some augmented-reality upgraded Sim City shit. As a result, this lookout point has a sun-drenched, heavenly glow about it during the daytime hours. To say I was stunned by the City of Brotherly Love laid out before me would be wholly accurate, a stunning statement in itself coming from someone who resides in New York, a city known for its impressive skyline and popular rooftop destinations.

The difference at Bok Bar is the lack of pretentiousness that typically accompanies this type of sky-high lounge (yes, despite the valet available downstairs). No need to channel that meme of the dog in sunglasses that reads "When u go party on a rooftop bar and start thinking ur somebody special".* It's all very laid-back, with minimalist decor and near-pragmatic execution - simple, white table and chairs, a canopy against the building for those looking to cool off in the shade, and an enclosed bar a la public pool concessions stand equipped with iPad/Square combo registers.

That, and the beers are $6 and under. I found my two new staples for the season in the super-refreshing Austin Eastciders Pineapple Cider and Terrapin M's Peach. If these don't taste like summer in a can to you, you might want to check your palate. Grab a cold one, post up against the perimeter wall, set your sights on that spectacular view, and on second thought, go ahead and tell yourself you're someone special, even if Bok Bar doesn't require you to be.

* https://www.instagram.com/p/BHawkB6gRe2/?taken-by=tank.sinatra&hl=en
It's possible to like something but hate it at the same time. And for me the whole concept of the Bok Building is one of those places that really go down the middle for me. So much so that It's one of those places that I've been conflicted about reviewing for a couple years now! but in the wake of stopping in for its second night open during the 2018 season, and starting to see some improvements in the *sort of* right direction, I finally feel like its time to try and dissect all of those warm and not so fuzzy feelings.

What do I like? - Ultimately I really do like a lot of things about the Bok Building. And McThrill means entire building because he isn't just a roof bar patron, he's someone who has also been to a few different flea markets in the gym, and tested out an Escape Room in the basement before it got shipped off to Nevada for a team building exercise (Stories, I've got them!)! In the past few that it's been open I've seen friends move into art studios and band practice spaces, have been tempted to stop in for pastries at a Boulanger (And now for coffee at their soon to open coffeehouse!), and even thought about getting a haircut at a salon. It's one of those versatile and impressive spots that go well beyond rooftop bar, Although the rooftop bar is pretty fantastic too in its own right with its well rounded beer can & wine list, diverse food offerings, and pristine rooftop view of almost the entire city.

What do I hate? - After covering all that I like about Bok Building your probably wondering what could I possibly hate? and honestly there really isn't a whole lot as whole. I just hate the whole big truth of what got ultimately sacrificed by the city and replaced by Bok Building.

Since it opened in 1938 and was founded by the Public Works Administration, the Edward W. Bok Technical High School (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_W._Bok_Technical_High_School) was a bold vocational school that thrived in teaching things like computer assisted design, culinary arts, health related sciences, business technology, and then some. it was also the only community based high school linked to city housing programs, and featured a number of interscholastic sports and after school clubs.

Your probably reading all of the above and thinking about how badly Philadelphia and other cities need a school like Bok Technical High in this day and age, but sadly it was closed after the 2013 school year and repurposed into the Bok Building in 2014. And whether your waiting in the long line to take the elevator to the roof, walk around a flea market, or other; you're given a sad and painful fuck all reminder of what was. And when it comes down to it no creative space can replace it no matter how many rooftop bars and flea markets you fill it with!

Is it getting there? - In a way its making steps in the right direction to compensate for the big educational void that the loss of Bok School created. This year the bar will donate 50 cents from every can of Founders Solid Gold that is purchased to a neighboring high school. True that's only 50 cents off one beer out of the 8-12 and several wines that they offer, making it next to nothing. But after 4 years of being open it's a start.

But ultimately, given how many artisans, food businesses, and tech creators set up shop within, Bok Building is within a unique position where they would be able to create a new kind of vocational school program if they really tried. I mean what if every tenant that matches the above description got a rent kick back provided they took on a certain number of high school aged students to train? It sounds like a far fetched idea, but its also one that makes more sense than a soda tax to fund pre-schools!

I doubt that such a thing will happen, but until then I'll still at be enjoying the view while drinking a Solid Gold!
It was a sunny afternoon and I thought...Hmmmm-South Philly is not my usual destination-then I remembered I bookmarked the 'Bok Bar'!  I was pleasantly surprised to see how large the rooftop area was with plenty of seating--that doesn't mean you shouldn't arrive early because it gets crowded quickly!  This is a couples; friends and family type of venue--I say this because I don't want anyone to call 'child services' when they see 'babies at the bar'!  Yes--babies..Lol 

Now--they have finger food and overpriced drinks--but remember--The View...The View...The View is why you are here!   

I appreciate the repurposed spaces that are being utilized by artisans and entrepreneurs-it is a great concept that I hope inspires other developers around the city!
Bok is back, and back for good and I couldn't be happier about that. Nights at Bok make me say to my self "damn, Philly has got it going on". I think this city has been seriously kicking tush with the creative revitalizations of unused property and I think it's pretty darn fantastic. 

For those who don't know, Bok is a recently abandoned art deco inspired school deep in South Philly turned hot spot roof top bar in the summer of 2015. It has now returned even better than before with food, bigger and better drink selections, new wooden flooring, shade and more seating. 

What remains the same are the incredible views of this fab city I'm proud to call home, the bumping old school music that takes you back and the ability to bring all sorts of drastically different people together. That is definitely something I noticed immediately on our very first visit here last year and thankfully, it still holds true today. You will see it all... from the super casual duds and flip flops to the stilettos and mini skirts, hipsterS, hotties, everyone. Dates, post dinner drinks, groups of girlfriends, anyone. Old, young, middle aged, doesn't matter. It's truly a thing of beauty. 

Seasonal brews as well as local favorites are just $6. Wine and bubbly are offered too. Reasonably priced. 

Asian inspired food such as scallion pancakes and Bahn Mi which are said to be pretty tasty by my group of Asian friends. 

The kicker is the restrooms... You will always hear the girls chatting about how they walk through though the restroom doors and are immediately transported back to high school. It's a real hoot!! "I've always wanted to drink in school!" Very fun! 

Strict ID checks. 
Bag checks. 
No cover 
No dress code 
Street parking 

 Bok is truly a very unique idea and space. It is absolutely worth a visit...or 10! We always have a great time here and I hope it stays around for a real long time. I also hope they figure out how to stretch those lovely summer nights up here with these killer views out a little longer into the cooler seasons.
Rooftop - bringing '88 Bok!

Always a good time at this place. The location is in an old high school!  Entrance to the rooftop has you walking through hallways of empty classrooms, fluorescent lights, and metal lockers. I really appreciate the way this place was reimagined and it adds a great rooftop option in South Philly.

The rooftop gives unobstructed views of the Philly skyline. I was here for Independence Day recently and we had views of the fireworks from the Columbus, Art Museum, and the sports complexes! Truly winning July 4th! 

There is a full bar onsite along with light bites (menu is ever changing, so it's always a surprise on what will be offered.) There is open seating throughout and even a "mist" section if you're there on a hotter day.

BONUS: there is FREE PARKING available on site AND no cover to enter! 

Do get there early though as a line will form if this place is later stop on your bar hopping list. 

Great times and great vibes here - come check it out!
VIEWS: SUMMER SIXTEEN. Drake really summed up Bok Bar with his latest album. It offers reasonably priced drinks (around $6 for a can of cider of a bottle of beer) with a decent selection of apps as well. The view really cannot be beat. Located on the roof of an old (no longer used) middle school, Bok Bar shows you all of Center City from a beautiful vantage point in South Philly. I would highly recommend for a fun, relaxed evening with friends.
I can't think of anything to say that hasn't already been said in previous reviews but I can absolutely agree with it's solid 5 stars. 
Casual ,chill vibe. Unparalleled vistas. 
Wonderful sunsets. Reasonably priced drinks. Nice crowd. 
If all of the above is not enough, we should all be thrilled that this architecturally significant Art Deco building with its limestone bricks, marble floors and iron balustrades was never hit by a wrecking ball. 

5 Yelps!
Gentrification at its finest. If overpriced beers & drinks your thing then you're at the right place. This building moreso is a pass for me. Something doesn't sit right with me on how the school was shut down for this and other businesses due to Philly's shortage of and lack of educational resources in this city. To eachs own, I guess 

Philly, do better and be better
They took over the rooftop of an abandoned school and turned it into a rooftop beer garden! There are a couple other places within the building for food or drinks as well but BOK BAR has the amazing panoramic view of the city!

WINE AND BEER only and a couple food options as well 

There was plenty of seating when I came but I can see this place getting crowded when everyone is in town and the weather is awesome 

NOTE: there's a parking lot across the street for the building
Rooftop bar in a renovated vocational school in South Philly. They take credit card. Skyline is beautiful, prices for drinks are steep at $9-$10. Really friendly service, and mellow crowd up here. Definitely a good spot to just chill and relax.
Love love love this place. Wonderful atmosphere and people. You can order bee for wine by the bottle. View is spectacular and especially during the sunset. The décor is simple but you get to see all of Philly !
To wit:  
Formerly, Le Bok Fin was, arguably, voted one of the best rooftop bars in the city.
Currently Bok Bar, still has good ground to be, not just one of, but THE best rooftop bars in the city. Why, you ask? 
a) Phenomenal Philly skyline view. Just bring your Camera & creativity and get great shots.
b) Relaxed atmosphere and not too obnoxious crowd (relatively). You may meet interesting people to chat with for couple of hours. ( Nando F agree?)
c) Surprisingly reasonable prices. 

Summer's not over just yet.  Make sure you check Bok Bar out; if you haven't already:-)

Four and Half Yelps.
Why 5 stars? This was not only my favorite stop on my visit to Philadelphia, but it's one of the coolest places I have ever been... ever.

   ---   ---   ---

As soon as I am done typing this review, I will be adding it to a Yelp list called "All-Time Favorites." It's a first ballot Hall-of-Famer.

Bok Bar is an old elementary school, that apparently sat vacant for a long time. Recently someone installed a bar on the roof of said school. As if that isn't cool enough, the inside of the school is still very preserved. It still looks like a school and smells like a school. With historic, marble floors and walls throughout, it really feels like you've gone back in time.

As you walk through the halls, you're carded at a certain point before being allowed through. You then have to get in an elevator and be sent up to the roof. Once you exit the elevator, prepare to be in awe. There's probably no better view of the entire city of Philadelphia and the skyline, than there is from right here. It's pretty incredible.

We grabbed a table and some really great local beer, and proceeded to talk the night away. We initially planned on only having one drink, but that turned into two... and then in to three. Why would we want to leave this perfect and amazing place? 

It's funny because, on paper, having a couple of beers on a rooftop sounds pretty cool. But this was so much better than pretty cool. How many times in your life have you walked through a historic elementary school to get to said rooftop bar? Never, unless you've been to Bok Bar.

To the folks responsible for this creation: thank you for making something I will absolutely never forget. And please make Bok Bar II in Tampa Bay :)
Best rooftop bar in the city! Beautiful panoramic view of the city from West Philly to the Ben Franklin and over into Camden. My first visit here, I walked out, and my jaw dropped! I'd advise a daytime/ sunset visit! It's a great view at night, but during the day, it's "wow!" 

Drinks generally range from $5-8, a consisting a handful of craft beer cans, a small selection of wines and cocktails; not a full bar, but enough to wet the whistle. I loved the music, a mix of good dance hits and top 40's, but nobody really dances (that didn't stop me, tho - heyyyyyyyyyyy). I wouldn't plan to spend an entire evening here, but it's a solid joint to start your night, or a great place for a date.

Parking is AWESOME! There's a free lot specifically for Bok Bar patrons on Mifflin St between 8th & 9th, and there's plenty of free street parking nearby too. 

My biggest complaint is that the area immediately around here is kind of a dead zone in regards to other bars, restaurants, and nightlife. There are other joints in South Philly, but be prepared for a little bit of walk. 

This isn't a place I'd frequent super regularly, but it's definitely worth a visit!
My sister made reservations at Bok Bar for 5pm. We checked in at the bottom floor and then stood in line for the elevators. Once we arrived to the top floor, Bok Bar was to the right of the elevators. 

Bok Bar totally has a cool concept though. I'll give it that. I believe Bok building was formerly a school, but the rooftop has been repurposed to establish a rooftop bar (Bok Bar) and an Italian restaurant (Irwin's). 

Bok Bar also stayed true to the school theme. The seating area, for example, was comprised of legit school desks and chairs. It was cute for a second, but then the gimmick got old fast when I realized that we were being served $14 drinks out of small, plastic Dixie cups and $10 mushroom and rice fritters out of paper state fair trays. Not only were the drinks overpriced, but they were full of ice. 

With that said, Bok Bar isn't my favorite rooftop bar in Philadelphia. It has some of the best views of the city, but that's all you're really paying for - not so much great quality food or drinks.
5 stars all the way. 5 stars for the magnificent view and the sooper dope school turned rooftop experience. Everything from entering the school, walking the hallways  to meet the bouncer and up the elevators is genius. Stumbled into this place on a quick trip to philly and experienced love at first site! The view at this place is breathtaking. Awesome staff, very friendly and helpful. 

Picture you...cup of rose in hand... sitting on a stool... nice sunset...overlooking the city.. feeling like your on top of the world!!! 

I will always drop in anytime I'm in the area and that's a promise! 

PS* check out the bathrooms, you'll feel like a giant!
Very cool place, it is on the roof of an old Philly school. You walk into this school  and go up the elevator to the roof! Amazing view of the city! There's a bar and also some food items. The place was popping.
UGH what a bar. gotta go on a great sunset night. the view is just spectacular. It's great for a date night, catching up with some friends or bringing some friends that don't live in the area for a great philly skyline experience. i love the selection of drinks here, wine, beer and seltzers. splitting a bottle of wine with a friend is the best way to go. keep it up bok!
I was lucky to visit Bok Bar on a beautiful Saturday afternoon when there weren't a ton of people and the weather was excellent, albeit a bit hot.

The entrance and path up to Bok was a bit odd because it's located in an old school.  I'm not sure if the caution tape was left as an aesthetic but it certainly didn't make me feel welcomed.  It doesn't seem like much of the school has been touched so it's still old and busted.

The roof top itself is beautiful.  Composite decking was added to the roof and they have setup shaded and non-shaded areas (tables, chairs and blocks to sit on) which make the capacity of this place pretty sizeable.  One bar is off to the right side (when you walk in) that has decent prices on beer.  No glasses sadly, just plastic cups.  I didn't get to experience food as the kitchen wasn't open.

This is a nice space and I can imagine there being a line for drinks when it's full due to its size and only one bar.  Still, the view is remarkable and certainly worth at least one trip.
I was having so much fun at Bok Bar I didn't want to interrupt it with writing a review. It's a gorgeous view, sunset is bananas. I love my city and it looks awesome from Bok Bar. 

My cliff notes...
1. No smoking on the rooftop. Take the slow ass elevator (yes that's singular) downstairs and go back outside to the curb. Lame
2. No cocktails or liquor. Beer and Wine is sooo 12th grade.
3. What happened to the menu? It went from Asian fusion to Country club poolside snacks. Shrug just sell cafeteria classics. 

Despite the little flaws I'm excited to get back next summer
I love rooftop bars. I love rooftop bars so much that I want to shout it off a rooftop bar.

Bok Bar is that rooftop bar in Philly.

After the security check, walking through the old school, waiting in line, and riding in the not-great elevator, you think to yourself, "What is this again? What have I gotten myself into?"

BUT THEN. The elevator opens up, you walk up to the bar, and immediately you exclaim (eyes wide), "Wowwww." Stunning, expansive view of Philly, and really well done set-up. During the day it's beautiful, during the night it's gorgeous. It makes you feel grateful to be alive and feel like the world is full of possibilities.

The drinks are decent and the food is also decent (though the portions are small), but really anything is nice here.

Sadly, it is closed for the season, but I can't wait until it opens back up so that I can experience the magic of Bok Bar again.
I think this place is kinda overrated. The view is nice, but it's such a pain in the ass to get to from CC. The bartenders automatically put a 20% tip on the iPad when you check out. No happy hour for drinks/food (wah). Just wine/beer/cider! Their music was great, and the chalkboard tables are a lot of fun. I'm glad I went, but I probably won't be back.
I was super excited to come here. I heard good things!

It was super hot the day I went which may or may not have impacting my experience. I was also super hangry by the time we got here. 

This place, like mentioned in previous reviews, is in an abandoned building but there are people standing outside of it that have labeled tshirts on so its easy to find. 

They search your bag when you get there, and then you have to ride up an elevator 8 floors. 

I went immediately to the bar and got myself a beer. 

This is where I knew I was hangry......

I was hot and I was trying to find somewhere to sit. Theres this huge table that has seats nailed into the sides of it. BUT theres bars in front of the seats so you have to sit facing AWAY from the table. Stupidest thing Ive ever seen. 

So now Im hot and angry that I have to sit backwards at a table....

I figure Ill go get some food. Theres 3 windows and I go stand at one of them. An employee just stares at me....I said I wanted to order food. She says, you order at the other window....ooooookkkkkkk

I go to the other window and I pick up a menu off the counter again after being stared at....I view the menu....omg....falafel...and more falafel...and hummus...UGHHH

I order 2 falafel sandwiches knowing I dont like falafel...

I miserably eat my food and drink another beer. And then we left. 

I couldnt stand it any longer. 

The view is pretty dont get me wrong. They have both beer and wine which is nice. But the food sucked and the employees were rude. 

If you plan on going here anyway, eat before you go. And go early so you have somewhere to sit.
This place is nice and the drinks are nice. But I'm only giving this place 1 star because they do not care about human safety. There are no stairs that they allow you to use because they claim that there is not enough security to regulate the stairs. I hope the PFD come check this place and make them change the way they operate to ensure all their customer's safety.
This place is usually good, but not during COVID. The entire point of visiting this bar is the view of the city skyline. After spending over $100 on drinks and overpriced food, my husband and I took a moment to stand over the ledge and enjoy the view. We were wearing masks the whole time, and were not within 6 feet of any other patrons. Despite this, we were told to leave after standing there for literally 30 seconds. There is no point in going to this establishment if they won't give you a moment to enjoy the space. It's what you're paying for.  Wait until the pandemic is over before visiting here.
I came here for a friend's birthday, which we had made reservations for a week prior. We were excited for the great views and food but unfortunately the experience fell short of the hype. We arrived on time for our reservation and it wasn't crowded so we expected we would get a table with a good view. Unfortunately, they placed us at a table that could not have been more far away, meanwhile there were plenty of other open tables available. We politely asked if we could switch to an open table but they not so kindly rejected that. Since we could not experience the view from our table we did get up at one point to walk over and take a few pictures. We made sure we were only near the open tables (that we were not allowed to sit at) and followed COVID guidelines. Immediately the hostess came out to ask us to go back to our table. I fully understand the importance and need to follow COVID guidelines however we were not close to other people and there was no one sitting at the tables we were standing near. I will note our server was awesome but unfortunately we continued to experience more hiccups throughout our dining experience. The food menu was extremely limited (only 5 items) and honestly wasn't anything spectacular. Our server asked us if we wanted another round of drinks and we said yes. A few moments after receiving the drinks the hostess ran by our table and quickly warned us we only had 10 minutes left of our 90 minute reservation. At no point were we informed of only getting 90 minutes and why wouldn't you tell us of that before we got more drinks? Maybe this place would be better in a non-covid world but with the poor service and   general rudeness I don't think I will be coming back.
I never made it to bok last year so I was pretty excited to check it out this summer. While a little off the beaten path, Bok delivers with awesome views, a relaxed vibe, and delicious food and drinks. An old high school is little bit of an odd place to drink, especially when the bathrooms throw you right back to days of homeroom and high school gossip, but it works. The view is pretty spectacular and you could find lots of people snapchatting a panorama to show off to their friends. The rooftop itself is pretty large and feels very spacious- none of those feelings of being packed in like some other outdoor beer gardens. They have a nice selection of beers and wines and the beers are pretty cheap at 5-6 bucks. I loved the pineapple cider! The food menu is small but everything is delicious- I highly recommend the pork bahn mi and the sesame balls. 

I hope bok is here to stay because it's definitely one of my new favorite places!
A must in the city!  What appears to be an abandoned building is one of the best rooftop bars with an amazing view of the city. 

Know that there are bag checks and they will scan your id as you enter the bar. This bar has a wide range of customers which are dressed from causal attire to the most done up!  Ladies... don't wear a dress here... it can get dangerous with the gusty winds!
Rooftop bars are winning in the Rona. Bok was a great find in its initial years as a "have you heard about....?" kind of spot, but in the following years, who HASN'T heard about Bok? Your friends, pets, neighbors, their kids. The spot got so crowded that the idea of driving to S. Philly, trying to park, waiting in a long and winding line, and then elbow-fighting your way to the bar just to stand idly with your drinks (and food?!) seemed less appealing with every increasing degree on the thermometer. Thank you, Pandemic for having lowered capacities! Finally, Bok is more enjoyable with assigned seats and servers coming to you. I hope things never change! This is still the best view of the city. The music is low so that it doesn't impede conversation and the beer/wine selection is still curated yet accessible. Bok has adapted to the times very well and is worth your reservation, time, and money.
Totally random. It's an old school (semi) converted to a rooftop bar. Semi because it's totally still looks like a school and I'm not sure anything has actually been renovated -- definitely note the restrooms. How short were we all in school?? The stall doors are teenie tiny and it's super weird staring face to face with the lady next to you. I guess that's how guys feel at urinals all the time. Ah well.

Anyway, the views are obviously the best part about this place. It was a clear night too so it was nice to take it all in. Other than that, it's beer and wine only and they also have a short food menu. Nothing to write home about (but I had to write a review). It was ok... didn't stay long... probably wouldn't go back either. Also, it sounded like somebody had their bluetooth speaker hooked up to their phone to play music. Like why no sound system?? Maybe it's a neighborhood ordinance thing. I'm trying to make excuses for it but who knows. I want to give it 2 stars but I'll be generous.
(Not sure who was messing about on Yelp between the old Bok listing and the new -- reposting from 7/11/2016... I posted here, only to have my review shifted over to the old Bok, and then it was listed as closed again...)

 Bok is back! A name change, and some cool upgrades later (such as a more permanent sound system, raised deck flooring, floor lights, bar, and tons more shaded seating) Le Bok Fin has successfully evolved into Bok Bar. 
An amazing place to beat the heat because the breeze up here is spectacular. The views of Center City and most of Philly don't hurt either. 
Beer, wine and light Vietnamese/Filipino bites are all offered. The pork bánh mì was really tasty--watch out for those jalapeños! The scallion pancakes were good too - great texture (could maybe use some plum sauce or something tho.) Beer offering is okay for bottles & cans. 

The vibe is still as chill as it was last year, with a great playlist and down to earth bartenders. Kids are also now welcome during restricted hours, and the entrance this year is still on Mifflin, but closer to 8th St. There is valet parking (sometimes) but you really can find parking in the neighborhood if you know where to look/aren't afraid of interpreting parking signs. It gets very crowded at night, so if you've snagged space near the railing, just make sure you don't get beamed in the head by some phone-wielding %@#$ trying to capture that perfect sunset for Instagram...they just can't help themselves.  

Be sure to bring sunglasses, your sunscreen and enjoy the view!
Went to Bok Bar around golden hour and wow the view is amazing. I made a dinner reservation about two weeks in advance. It's cool that the site is on the rooftop of an old repurposed high school. Bok Bar features different restaurants every week or so which made the experience really fun. The staff are really friendly. It was the perfect place to chill on a not-too-hot summer day! I recommend going during golden hour so you can watch the sunset from the rooftop!
If you're trying to come here to see the sunset, please come 1-2 hours EARLY! if you think you're going to get here 20 minutes before hand and make it up there, you're sadly mistaken, lol. please learn from my personal experience!

The location is limited to 200-250 people at a time, which is much less than their capacity, but it's to give everyone the same experience. There was plenty of space to walk around and see the night lights that philly has to offer. the lines for the drinks and food were quick with barely any wait. They have a wonderful selection of craft brews, and their food is descent. I would say their drinks are the highlight. I ordered the chicken gyro, and it was mediocre. A little too overpowering, but how can you not like a rooftop bar where you aren't shoulder to shoulder with someone else?
Get there before the summer ends.  Or don't, what do I care?

Bok Bar's excellence is in it's simplicity.  On the roof of a closed down school, they have built a simple bottle bar.  Very nice views of the city and the sunset, the selection of beer and wine isn't bad considering they are just working out of a few refrigerators, and you can even get a bite to eat.  

I tasted the tofu banh mi.  It was okay, while not my favorite, I'll forgive that when I am sitting 8 stories up with a view.  The fried banana was very good, and tasted even better when it cooled down a little and some of the caramelization crunchified.  

Good music, chill vibe, lot's of seating, friendly enough staff.  You can pay by card with an ipad.  A nice, simple business model.  I hope they do more interesting stuff with this building.
5 stars for the view, 1 star for the super small portions, small pours of wine and way overpriced menu
This rooftop bar was my most interesting find of the year.  When I think of a rooftop bar I typically envison a fancy setting where they only let a few people in at a time, this is the opposite. It appears to be a converted old high school building (I asked the bouncer in charge of letting people in if this was the case and he relied it is now home to more then 180 independent businesses ~ I didn't really follow but ahhh point of the paragraph is its a unique spot and vibe for sure.

The bar is definitely not fully stocked but it just works for this place, feels like a neighborbood chill spot where you MAY be able to actually meet people unlike Morgan's Pier where I feel everyone is in their own clique.

The food from the pictures looks unique and delish as well. I did not get to try but looked affordable and small dishes by design. 

Not sure the next time I will be out this way to try Bok again but highly recommend if your looking to experience something different than your typical sports bar.

As always people SYOY!!!
As an educator, walking through an old, abandoned school brings up lots of feelings. However, by the time I reached the eighth floor and had a drink, those feelings were quelled for the time being.

Bok is a beautiful outdoor space with a view that goes on for miles. You can see the Ben Franklin Bridge and the iconic Philly skyline at the same time. This is possibly the best view in the city.

The space is large with small tables scattered throughout. They have huge bar service windows with friendly bartenders, so you won't really have to wait in long lines for a drink. For food, it's more on the snacky side - we had a banh-mi and it was pretty tasty. 

Go here before they close for the season - you won't regret it!
As other reviewers have mentioned, this is a great place to bring your out-of-town guests for a quick overview of the city, then to leave after about 10 minutes. 

5-stars for the view. You just can't beat walking out of that elevator and seeing the panorama of the city appear before you, night or day. 
2-stars for the clientele after sunset. Boozy college kids, or yuppies I suppose. Gemme out of that elevator. 
3-stars for the clientele on Sundays. (Dogs n' kids better than the yuppies.)
1-star for the drinks. $10 for a 1/4 glass of wine. Keeps me honest!
5-stars for the fact you can just see the view and leave and not buy a drink. 

I appreciate the mist-makers in the hot weather, and the many seating options.
We discovered Bok Bar via the grapevine - someone told someone who told us. I'm so glad they did because Bok Bar was one of the highlights of our trip! 

Located on the roof of a former elementary school, Bok offers a gorgeous panoramic view of Philly. Your bag gets checked by the security guard at the door and then your ID is checked down the hallway before you're allowed up the elevators. Once you're at the rooftop, there are two stands for beer, wine, and snacks/sandwiches. There are a lot of tables as well as benches/blocks in a covered area. 

We arrived around 6:30pm on a Friday and the vibe was pretty chill and laid back. There was low music playing and we were able to sit back and enjoy the view/sunset. Around 8:00pm, by the time we were getting ready to leave, it was getting very busy. The music had changed to something louder and more clubby - so if you're in the mood for some chill rooftop action, be sure to arrive early and leave by 8pm. 

Refreshment prices are reasonable - wine ranges from $8-$9 while beers and ciders are cheaper.
Everyone in Philly needs to go to Bok bar at least once in their lifetime! The best rooftop bar in the city, it is inclusive to kids (must be accompanied by adults) and is pet friendly. Day and night views are equally beautiful. It is open for the Summer 2020 season, here are their COVID policies: 

- reservations are made through Resy, and go extremely fast!
- masks must be worn at all times, except when seated
- you must be seated at all times, except when going to the bathroom
- this means no wandering around
- payment is done through downloading the Rooam app, which will open a virtual tab (contactless payment) 
- limited seating spaces that are about 15 feet apart
- menu is downloaded via a QR code pasted on each table

The only caveat I would add is limited WiFi--my friend has t mobile and was unable to get any signal or data usage, which meant she couldn't download the menu or use the Rooam app. However, my other friend and I had no trouble accessing the menu, so it may be network dependent. 

Overall, I am very impressed by their policies, and I highly recommend Bok bar!
Second time visiting Bok Bar, i went on a Thursday after work and it was extremely hot out. My friend had never been to Bok so we decided to go anyways. This is such a chill spot to just hang out, luckily i found parking right in front but i can see how it can be difficult to find parking in this area. They have a pretty good beer and food selection. Even though I did not have any food this time, the people around me sure did and they seem to enjoy it. If you're looking for a nice laid back rooftop bar in Philly, this is the place to go.
bok bar is awesome! the views alone are worth 5 stars!! Have not been yet this season, but last season it was great. It can get crowded but it is so large that generally you can find a spot to sit. Drinks range from about $6-10 depending on beer or wine. they also had spiked seltzer last summer. Food is ok and more of small plates. It is def more of a place to grab a drink than eat dinner.
Great rooftop bar to grab a drink with a group of friends and get great views of the city!

We were a bit hesitant at first walking through the halls of the school looking building. There was a long line in the hall leading to an elevator. The line moved fairly quickly and then the elevator brings you up to the 8th floor where they have the rooftop. 

They have a selection of beer and wine as well as some food; you can't keep a tab open but the line for drinks moved fast when we were there. The views were spectacular and definitely worth visiting this spot for them!
Amazing view!!!!!!!!

Drinks are premixed and they pour them in a dinky plastic cup FILLED with ice lol. Would suggest pregaming or ordering a bottle of wine so you at least know you can get a buzz.

Food is cold, tiny portions, honestly they shouldn't even be serving food it's bad mang.
My first question to you is, why haven't you been here already? 

My gosh this place is too cute.  How cool is it to be reminded of high school, but now you dont have to sneak to the rood to drink beer, your ALLOWED to go to the roof and drink beer.  

Some advice for going here: 
1. Arrive before 8:30pm.  I met a few friends here this past weekend and there was an notable difference between arriving at 8:15 and 8:35 because the line begins to grown at 8:30 and it'll be a 20-45 minute wait to get on the elevator to go up. Also, you have to be there to catch the sunset, it's wonderful! 

2. Eat before hand.  The food here is not hardy at all and you will notice that people become super drunk here quickly probably because there are no real food options.  This isn't a bad thing because who wants a full meal here, but just letting you know. 

3. Buy the bottle.  We got a two cups of rosé, which came out to 16 bucks.  A whole bottle came out to $30 and there are more than 4 cups in that bottle. Fiscally, it makes sense! 

4. Be mindful in the ladies bathroom.  You will literally be looking another woman in the face as you relieve yourself because the stall walls are so short.  It's awkward at first but then it's just downright silly haha 

5. The music is not thumping.  This is a bar you want to go to if you want to talk to your friends and be able to hear them.  There are like 2-4 speakers that play music that you can barely hear when you are not near them (i.e. at one of either bars at the sides of the venue).  Don't expect to come here and dance, because you will be dancing with the 5 people who are brave enough to dance alone next to a speaker.  So, if you are expecting a lounge, this isn't your place, but it's still fun. 

6. There are not many seats.  Ladies (and gentlemen) please do not wear your highest heels here expecting to be able to sit down because seating is SUPER limited.  I came here at 8:30 and left at 12:30 didn't find a seat the whole time.  

This is a great place and a must visit for everyone in Philadelphia.  You wont see a view like this anywhere else in this city!
WOW. This place is incredible. For a beautiful (and affordable) night out, you can't beat these incredible views. I was blown away by how much they've improved the space since last summer, adding decking to the roof and making the bars more permanent. It truly looks incredible, plus you have the entire skyline view to enjoy!!
The bartenders are very friendly and helpful to make recommendations. Beer and wine only, but that's fine with me! The prices are what you would expect, nothing outrageous. The music here is always great too!
I can't say enough about this spot. I tell everyone I meet to go here!!
Came for drinks after dinner in a Friday night. The entrance was confusing but we made it up (after some pretty impressive ID check). There can be a line for the elevator but it moves pretty fast. They have a good selection of wine, beers, and ciders and although we were stuffed the menu was enticing. Great views of the city are the highlight. The crowd is very hip and on the younger side. It was pretty full when we went (10pm) but it never felt crowded or overwhelming. It's a great place to take visitors but I don't know if I'd choose Bok Bar for a regular bar.
Amazing view of the city! Loved coming to this bar although it was very far away from center city. The food was subpar and pretty expensive for what it was, but the drinks and the views made up for it! The bar area is very expansive so there is tons of room for everyone to enjoy the view & the atmosphere!
No one will tell you to, but you best read the walls of the elevator lest a bouncer may walk up to you and say "thanks for the leave" which means in bouncer speak that he's kicked you out. The elevator walls are the only place rules are posted. 

Great views. Poor communication by staff to patrons. 

They close out your tab after every transaction.
4 stars for beer and wine only and not enough seating, but the rooftop is incredible.

The beer list is all craft beers - hard to choose for someone who is not really a craft beer type of person like myself especially when you don't know what any of them might taste like. The wine list is mostly red/white with 3 rose options and 1 prosecco option all of which were $8-$10. I do like that they offer a bottle of your preference wine though ($30-40) which definitely is the better option if there are 2 of you sharing. 

My favorite part of the whole experience was walking into an old high school with dim lighting not knowing what to expect. The moment between stepping out of the elevator to walking into the rooftop bar with the skyline being the first thing you see (while the sun was setting)...that was amazing. I'll be back again for sure!
The only good thing about this place is the view. They charge ridiculous prices for you to be drinking out of plastic cups and eating on paper plates. The staff members were also extremely rude about their "no standing policy". I am 100% willing to follow COVID rules (ex wearing masks at all times except when sitting), but they were being ridiculous about it. When me and my friends had finished up, we stood up to leave and were yelled at across the restaurant immediately after getting on our feet to sit down due to their no standing policy. We were all confused because the only reason we stood up is because we were getting ready to leave. The employees quite literally made a scene, yelling and waving at us like we were children, over us standing for 10 seconds. When we told them we were only standing because we were grabbing our belongings and leaving, the host says "then you need to put on your masks and leave." Wtf? That's exactly what we were getting ready to do. I understand having rules and restrictions, of which we followed, but they don't have to be so rude about it. Will definitely not be returning.
Pretty disappointing food experience with the lack of a food menu. There was the choice of a burger, and one dessert. They had run out of fries. At least they allow you to purchase food from anywhere and eat it in Bok Bar.

However, the burger, despite the overpricedness and small size, was DELICIOUS! From the bread to the delicacy of the meat, it is worth it! 

The view is of course a cool one, especially at sunset!
Not the best most recent experience. I understand adhering to covid guidelines, but staff is NOT NICE about enforcing rules (which I'm 100% on board to follow all rules). Please don't treat your guests like they are children (unless they are acting like children - we were not). Very offended by how I was treated at this bar. I've been to several restaurants since the re-openings and this was not a good experience. Love the view but will probably not be back until next year at least.
Visited Bok Bar with a group of friends, and I think overall it was a pretty fun experience. It's on the rooftop of an old school, so I spent a solid ten minutes confused and trying to figure out where the bar was before finally giving up and having my friend come get me. So don't be like me lol, but definitely worth it for the great rooftop view.

It's the type of bar where you still sit down, and the wait staff will serve you instead of going in and ordering yourself at the bar. On occasion it was tough to get some attention, but we didn't worry too much about it. The food and drinks were okay but nothing worth raving about. The general feeling of the table was that some of the dishes might have been a little dry, but I don't think that's anything that would stop us from going back in the future, especially since I think the food changes around with time. Overall worth a try and glad we got to stop by.
Such a great panoramic view of Philadelphia you can see everything from center city building to the Ben Franklin bridge! 

Definitely a must see as a Philly native and visitor. Drinks and food is reasonably priced, music was mainly 90s to main stream. Who would have thought a random high school would have this view. I liked that there were plenty of seats and room to stand if you wanted. The bathrooms are small and the doors to the stalls are short, it's a little awkward but everyone laughs it off. Also there is a little wait when there's too many people on the roof. Other than that, whoever thought to made this place a bar kudos to you.
I've never been to any place like Bok Bar.

Just to explain to explain why - the bar is on the top floor of basically an abandoned high school. How cool is that?? You enter the school and actually have to walk through the halls and onto an elevator to reach the 8th floor. Also, the bathroom is a high school locker room which just felt creepy.

When I walked in I brought outside food, bouncer was cool in letting me not throw it out and in helping me "stash" away my food like I was bringing drugs into a school.

Coming from New York, you can get a view of the skyline from just about anywhere. However, getting the Philly skyline view from Bok Bar just feels different. I don't know where else in Philly you can get a skyline view but I believe it will be hard to beat Bok Bar. The pictures I took really don't do the skyline justice!

The bar is very minimalistic as it has floor boards, a couple chairs and tables, and small canopies to sit in. It's very simple on the eyes. Also, the floor from end to end is deceivingly big. 

I was lucky to come on a weekend night in which wasn't crowded at all and I got stand and lean on the edge to take in the view.

The drink menu includes a small selection of wine and beer for an affordable price.

Truely an awesome experience, and won't be surprised to see more of these types of places pop up in the Philly area.
Great for scenic views, cheap drinks and taking a deep breath while being above the world. I have been a Philly resident since Bok was a school and uncovering this new gem was a treat. I was excited to see the full view of the city from a different angle but also there's plenty of seating and good ambient music. Pretty romantic for a date or chill enough to have conversations with friends.
Bok Bar is the best. Really friendly bartenders, amazing view, casual vibe. This is the perfect place to go when you want a night out but not in a dancey loud bar. The view is unbeatable in Philly! I wish there were a way that Bok Bar could be open year round because it's one of my absolute favorite places to go in Philly.
Good beer. Yummy snacks. Amazing view. 

Sat atop an old school this is an amazing use of space that I hope returns next year. 

Both food and drink are served at "take away" Windows.   Beer on one side and food on the other. The food comes out very quickly (the scallion pancakes were delicious and came with a spicy dipping sauce). 

While you are only 8 stories up it provides for an amazing view of center city, especially to watch the sun set. (So so many selfies are taken...make a game and see how many you can photobomb). 

The staff was really nice. 

The bathrooms will totally give you flashbacks to elementary school!
I almost don't want to review Bok Bar because that means more people will want to go and I want to keep it to myself. But I will!!

First of all, Bok Bar is in an old high school which sounds weird, and kind of is, but in a very cool, unique way. You get carded downstairs and then head up to the bar in a huge elevator. All part of the experience. 

Then the bar itself is a perfect rooftop view of the city. Like, almost cried because of how beautiful it was at sunset, perfect rooftop view. 

And they have decent happy hour deals/fairly inexpensive drinks to begin with. Lots of beer, lots of wine...what more could you ask for?!

If you are for some reason not satisfied or are perfectly satisfied and just want more food than Bok Bar can offer, literally right across the hallway is Irwin's, which is delicious.
Wow totally loved this place. The view was amazing ! Went on a Friday night so it was relatively crowded but nothing to turn us away. The beer wine and alcohol selection was great. I was able to find a gluten free choice which was a plus ! The vibe was great and the servers were very attentive. Will be back for sure !
Love love love this place. Wonderful atmosphere and people. You can order beer or wine by the bottle. View is spectacular and especially during the sunset. The décor is simple but you get to see all of Philly !
Come here for the view! It's a great place to bring friends from out of town (especially as the sun goes down). Also, v cool that it's in an abandoned tech school. 5/5 for the aesthetic.

Food and drinks are just okay. Overpriced and nothing to write home about.

Would I recommend this place? Yes--especially with friends from outside the city. 
Would I get food here? No! Head to Passyunk for something good to eat.
This is really as good as it gets. Bok Bar has set the benchmark for what a rooftop bar should be. Affordable drinks, Excellent music, Breathtaking view, Open space, Impeccable lighting. When you first step out of that service elevator to the 8th floor of the old Bok High School, you step into newly renovated floorboards, minimalistic decor and quite possibly the best view in the entire city.

If I ever have friends or family visiting the city and they're looking for a good night out, this is my number one recommendation. Words can't describe how great the view is. For a relaxing night out, taking pictures and having a good beer, nothing will beat Bok Bar.
School's back for summer!
Bok Bar forever!

Have you ever wanted to be a cool kid and explore around an abandoned building?
Bok Bar gives you the chance to be the rebel you've always dreamed of being! 
You can even tell your mom without getting grounded (given that you're 21+)! 

The view here is phenomenal and to be honest, what you come here for. I recommend coming a little before sunset so you can marvel at the panorama. 

I was excited that they had Vietnamese and Filipino cuisine for the 2016 season. I ordered sisig and turon, which were really just light bites (see figure 2 below). I'm Filipino and both of the dishes didn't cater to my palette - but my partner (who is not Filipino) enjoyed both dishes. I commend them for exposing Filipino dishes to the public and definitely think it's worth a try since we don't have any Filipino restaurants in Philly. On the other hand, get that pineapple cider!

Take notes y'all - Bok Bar is one of the best pop up bars in Philly.


**Note to the owner - please replace your plant selection. Ferns prefer low light and those little babies are dying in that summer sun.
My favorite rooftop bar in Philly. The view is incredible. The space is extremely large, with a bar on each side of the roof.  The bartenders are always nice and very accommodating. The menu is asian. It changed this year from last. The menu was Vietnamese last year, and now it is Chinese (dumplings and rice bowls). I didn't get food yet this year but last year the food was really good. The music is always pretty good. It's always a good crowd too. 

There is more seating this year.  It's a perfect spot to watch the sunset. Walking to the elevator is kind of nostalgic. I didn't go to this school, but it had the common characteristics that made me think of my elementary school. All round, this place is a great experience.
I kept hearing about this place so I had to check it out for myself. I was not disappointed with the view. I don't see what all the hype is about though....

Drink menu kinda sucks. Not much to choose from. Price is reasonable. Music is eh. Crowd is ok. 

One last thing. Body odor and a stuffy elevator does not mix well.
Amazing finds like this = one of the main reasons I LOVE Yelp. Where else would I have been able to discover an awesome rooftop bar on repurposed school in the middle of nowhere in Philly? Nowhere, that's where.

Breathtaking views. Ample amount of space and not too crowded, even on a Saturday night. Calm atmosphere with chill music, Bok is very low-key. It's a great place to start off the night before moving on to something more poppin' and lively.

No hard stuff available, just a few craft beers and some wine to choose from. But prices are surprisingly low considering the level of swank this place has.

To top it off, their food is off the chain. I ordered the tofu Bahn mi sandwich and wow, this ain't your typical cafeteria fare. Everything from the bread to the cilantro to the jalapeño was so fresh. Altogether it made a sandwich so tasty, I actually wanna go back just for that. Did I mention I live in North Jersey? Yeah. Frickin' props, Bok.

So yeah, this place is kind of a big deal. Absolutely worth driving into a random residential area of Philly to check out.
I had heard a lot of good things about this bar but was really wowed by the whole experience. Definitely worth a visit. We watched a beautiful sunset and all of the cocktails were dreamy! I would recommend the "Golden Hour" for any gin drinkers. The menu highlights some philly locally made products, black-owned, woman-owned, and LGBTQIA+ own companies. We will have to go back for a live music event!
The views here are great. 

The drink menu is limited to only cans, bottles, and whatever premixed cocktail they have on hand. When I go to a bar I like having a nice cool refreshing draft beverage. Something I could not just go to the corner store and pick up myself. The blood orange spiked soda is probably my favorite drink on their menu. I highly recommend it. 

The kitchen area for whatever pop up restaurant they are hosting is super limited. The food portions are tiny. I would not recommend trying to come here for a meal. 

This place is cool for grabbing and drink and enjoying the view. 

Hard pass on their food.
Stopped in on a beautiful sunny afternoon and was happy I did. It was Labor Day and I was looking specifically for a rooftop bar and could not have chosen a better one than Bok Bar for the view. Located in South Philly with fantastic views to the north, the entire city of Philadelphia is there to look at. This place wins just because of the view.  The building itself is also pretty interesting, an old school that definitely reminded me of my high school.

Everyone we interacted with was really nice. The doorman, the ID check, line/elevator attendant, bouncers, bartenders, everyone was really nice with a positive attitude. They have wine and beer with a decent selection of both. I had a few beers and tasted a couple rosé wines and was happy with the choices. There is a variety of seating from small cafe tables, benches, long communal tables, and wood and canvas deck chairs. Half of the space is completely open and the other half is shaded. The shade was perfect for the day I visited since it really hot and sunny. There are water misters at one end in case it's hot enough that you don't mind getting sprayed while out at a bar. 

Overall, I really enjoyed the venue and the friendly staff and would certainly return to enjoy more drinks with an excellent view.
The view is amazing and entrance is free. There are pretty lights and some tables and chairs but seating is limited.

The prices on the drinks are reasonable but they only serve a limited amount of beers and wine. Personally enjoyed Radler's grapefruit beer.
The best view of the city. Hands down! A real gem nestled in south philly, with super friendly bartenders and a limited drinks menu. You can't open a tab and will have to wait in-line for 15+ minutes on a busy weekend night, but it's well worth it! The food is apparently delicious.
Drinks were a bit pricey, but it was worth it for the view of the city. I recommend going for sunset. It was one of the best sunsets I've been able to see in Philly and even more enjoyable with a glass of wine in my hand. The fries were delicious and the food was prepared quickly.
Finally I got to check out this Bok Bar I've heard so much about! We had dinner reservations nearby in South Philly and really wanted a rooftop bar to check out, so this one fit the bill!  We arrived shortly after 6pm opening time and there was already a line--- obviously a good sign.  the line moved quickly after a brief ID check and a little wait for the elevator. 

Once we got up to the 8th floor, i was impressed with the size of the place, and the VIEW!  Pics dont really do it justice, in my opinion.  We also lucked out with perfect rooftop weather making the whole experience fantastic.  Its a huge space, with 2 large bars on either end, so despite a busy evening, there was little or no wait at the bar. They have a decent list of beer and wine but no liquor -- my only complaint.

There are a variety of seating options up there, from a weird lunch table thing to Adirondack chairs and some contraption made of wood and pool noodles, I think. The experience walking through the school was interesting and different, and the bathrooms were a total throwback. 

overall- i will 100% return. 

Vegetarian food BONUS - they have a few menu items and ALL of them can be made vegetarian.  I should probably return that star lost for no liquor for this one. maybe i will once I actually try the food!
Nothing matters but the view and good drinks! Sunday's have a pretty cool vibe as well, dogs are welcome!
I finally made it here after hearing about it for 2 summers. I have to say, the view was awesome. Everything you hear about. It was a bit more crowded than I was expecting for Labor Day Weekend, but the weather was perfect. The wine I had was delish. I didn't get to the food, but overall it was a great experience. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that I think there should be more seating to give it more of a lounge feel and I also feel that the bathrooms were disgusting and they could definitely step up their game on that.... Big time.
- located on top of high school 
- best views of Philly 
- hipster vibe 
- nice selection of beers and wine only 
- plenty of open spaces to sit
- you can bring your dog and kids on Sunday's 

Only neg part is that food sucked compared to the prices you're paying.
New favorite bar in the city.

Its not a center city crowd---you can take that how you wanna. 

The view is easily the best view in, and of, the city. Sunsets are great.

The bar bites are great, and beer list is good. 

A++
Bok Bar is a sensational seasonal rooftop bar in Philly! A transformed elementary school to rooftop bar during the summer months, Bok Bar has managed to generate a lot of hype and interest from parties of all ages. 

Nothing feels like it's summertime more than drinking on the rooftop of an old school with magnificent sweeping views of the Philly skyline with a good crowd. From only the 6th floor up, you're able to see the full skyline on both sides of the river. 

The rooftop has two bars on either end of the long open patio and can likely hold 250 people but it never feels that crowded given they run a tight ship on the ground floor (one in, one out). 

They offer some light bar food/appetizers but the real draw is their beer menu. They probably have every local beer brewed with 50 miles of Philadelphia. The majority of the beers are also seasonal and hit the spot as you're watching the setting sun. Not much of a cocktail list so I hope you like beer!
This rooftop is soooooooooo cool! Omg! 

I came here twice, once with my friend just to see it and once on a date & I just love the concept of it so much. The view is amazing; you can see all of south philly + the center city skyline + parts of jersey + the ben franklin bridge IM LITERALLY GETTING EXCITED JUST THINKING BACK ON IT LOL. Its in an old school building which is so cool and it really stands out for that. Theres nothing fancy or bougie about it and I love that about it too because I feel like rooftops in the city have a more stuck up feel but not Bok. I haven't tried their food but I will one day because I'm definitely going back. 

The bar is only beer and wine which is another awesome part about it (I don't feel like you need liquor up here, its a more chill vibe)  and it's fairly priced. A bottle of prosecco is about 45$ which pours about 5 glasses (they use plastic cups), btwn 2 people that is really not bad. If you went anywhere else you'd rack up at least 70$ for a bottle. Also there is so much space you could literally run around (unfortunately we are adults & this is not acceptable). 

ANYWAY ! Come here! At least once while it's still hot out! It is amazing! The onlyyyy thing that sucks is there is no indoor space & only one bar to the far left but you could have a sick party up here. 

Omg also the playlist both times I went was so good. There was no live DJ but I didn't care because whatever spotify station was on was awesome lol.
It is a really cool spot, a little further away from center city but that's why the great views. They have only beer and wine and they may have their reasons but we are not beer or wine drinkers, that is why stayed for a short time. 
Cool place to bring a group of friends on a warm summer night. 
They do have yoga and hip hop classes on some weekdays. 
It should definitely be on your Philly summer to do list!
5 stars for the view- self explanatory 
3 stars for the atmosphere - appreciate the effort for using school chairs and desks for people to sit at... but there's barely any music and they should incorporate games for people to play with... 
4 stars for the food - cheap and good 
2 stars for the drinks - in cheap plastic cups... not many options either
I can't believe I only discovered this place and it's closing for the season soon! What a beautiful view and relaxing vibe. The beers are all in cans and they do have some food options..fries and chicken nuggets. The fries had a really good seasoning on them too! 

After a while, i went and checked out Irwin's which is the opposite side of the rooftop. It was a bit more high end and they served the drinks in glasses. There was a lot more food options though didn't try anything. I liked both places a lot and hopefully will go more next summer!
3 stars is for the the pretty awesome view and vibe, and decent beer list. Would have been 4 stars for any type of friendly service, would have been 5 with at least average food.

Come here for the view, possibly a first stop on a date or before dinner, but that's about it. The people at the bar were pretty rude and could not be bothered to deal with you except to get your money, (which when the bartenders rudely slide the Ipad back to you to sign, they default themselves to a 20% tip...for them to just open your can of beer and not make eye contact). 

I probably would not order anything to eat here again. The fries were not any better than McDonald's quality, and had sesame seeds on them? If this was on purpose...its weird and does nothing...and if it was by accident...well... I realized you don't come here for food. But if they did at least 5 items that were good...it would serve them well. 

The hummus is more texture of applesauce than actual hummus...and the "pitas" are more like baked soft taco shells.
The views are enough to give this place 5 stars however, I just think their food could be a little bit better! The hummus was blah- needed some garlic or some sort of flavoring other than tahini! They are very strict about mask wearing and you are not allowed to stand up and take pictures like you normally would. It was beautiful regardless!
Have to admit, as an urban teacher, it was weird the first couple times drinking beer at a closed down high school in South Philly.

While its very existence(not to mention all the hipsters,young professionals, and other assorted Philly transplants that make up the majority of Bok Bar's patronage)screams gentrification, the view of Philly/Camden and the beer selection softens the blow...especially if you're going hard on their delicious beers ;) also, the staff is super friendly.
Bok Bar is definitely a cool concept - it's a rooftop bar in South Philly on top of an old high school. You honestly wouldn't even know it's a bar by the layout of it which I think is cool - it definitely has a hipster vibe. You have to walk through the high school to get to the roof so it's cool to see the building itself before getting to the bar. 

The drinks are reasonably priced - I had gotten a spiked seltzer for about $5. 

If you're able to get there for sunset definitely do as it is such a great view of the city skyline, the night time views are just as beautiful tho!
Absolutely loved it there! The view is amazing and the area is large. It was super busy on a Thursday early evening but ppl were coming and going so we were able to secure a good spot. Prices good although all they have is beer/wine (no fancy cocktails). Super neat place!
Bok bar was cool and definitely creative. It's in a high school which was a shock to me. There was an amazing view, it was crowed but it wasn't hard to find a spot because everyone is moving around. Entering the high school your bags get check then your ID before you enter the elevator. 

For drinks- I had a pineapple cider which I've never had before, it was tasty my girlfriend had a dog fish IPA. There were 2 bars and a lot of benches/high bar tables we stayed for about 30 mins and moved to our next location. Great night out!
This is a great spot to hang with friends or the start/end of a wonderful date night. The views of Philly are amazing. So be Instagram/Snapchat ready. There are two bar locations and they sell small bites. Last night was a more Mediterranean menu with falafel and chicken shiskabobs type of fare. It wasn't bad.....but you're not gonna get full off of the food up there. So I would recommend adding this to your restaurant routine. It would be a great place to check out after you've eaten. You can have some drinks, laugh, feel the great breezes, and enjoy one of the best views of the city. The Bok staff is very friendly. Just an overall great spot on a nice summer night.
