I'm surprised the reviews for this Buffalo Wild Wings location are so low. But a wise man once said "experiences are like belly buttons...everyone has a different one." Ok I don't know if a wise man said that but it sounds accurate lol. Yesterday, my son and I visited this location, and Buffalo Wild Wings in general, for the first time. Granted it was about 4 pm on a Saturday so the restaurant wasn't very crowded. Patrons didn't really start trickling in until about 5. Erin was our server and she was attentive from the start, friendly, not overly chatty and fast. In fact, most of the servers seemed friendly. We witnessed patrons at the neighboring table singing their server's praises directly to the manager. That's such an awesome gesture but I prefer to keep my praises of the Yelp variety. My son tried the hot BBQ sauce but ended up ordering plain old hot wings (what can I say, he's a purist). I ordered a snack size order of parmesan garlic wings and a snack size order of Asian zing wings. While both were packed with flavor, I favored the parmesan garlic wings. Skip the mozzarella stick appetizer; they tasted like the freezer to fryer type you can make at home (my son enjoyed them though so to each his own). Overall this place looks like a great place for sports fans and families alike. We sure had a great time. Go.
I was ABSOLUTELY disgusted with the service at this place. We waiting over 45 minutes for our entrees in a restaurant that wasn't even busy! When we asked our waitress, Amanda or Angela I believe her name was,  how much longer our food would be, her response was "As soon as it's done, I'll bring it out". She then rolled her eyes and walked off. You would have thought we had been bugging her all night about where our food was. This was the first and only time we asked her. After waiting another 10 minutes, she walks up and said, "we're waiting on your wings, which will be done in 60 seconds and then we'll bring everything out". Someone from our table then politely asked if she could just bring out the food that was ready at that moment and bring the wings when they were done. She then looked at us and said "because waiting 60 seconds is too much" and she walked off again. I could NOT believe her attitude!!!!

Expecting our food any moment now, since she said the waiting should only be another minute, we sat there for an additional 15 minutes, still NO food. At this point, I was ready to leave, but everyone was really hungry and we waited this long, what was a few more minutes.

But me, I was more so insulted by the treatment. I would rather starve than eat in a place that has NO respect for their customers.

We eventually spoke to the manager who was also no help. When our food came out cold, after sitting in the back for so long, we complained, he apologized for the delay and walked away. Didn't offer to heat our food up, or anything.

I was so in shock by the AWFUL service at this place!!! I have never in my life experienced such horrible customer service, and I eat out quite a bit. This experience was really shocking!

On top of the that, the food was just mediocre. Nothing special at all...and we ordered quite a bit, so I got to taste a little of everything.

I will never go back to this place again...and I would NOT recommend it to anyone else. This was my first and last visit.
I think I would like BWW more if "wings" wasn't in their title.  When your restaurant's claim to fame is the wings, they better be the best I have ever had.  Don't get me wrong, I think they are good, just not stellar.  I do however enjoy the sauces here...my favorites being thai curry and mango habanero.  
Their starters are also good.  I especially like the fried pickles and onion rings.  
They do tend to be pricey here.  For that reason, I only go on Tuesdays ($0.60traditional wings) or Thursday ($0.60 boneless).  
They have a great beer selection, but it is overpriced.  All in all, I am very conflicted!
BWW broke one of my most simple rules today, resulting in this 1-star rating.  That rule you ask?  They provided extremely lousy service and automatically added an 18% tip.

I came here for a work sponsored lunch with a group of 8 people.  Yes, I realize that typically means an automatic tip.  If service was half-way decent, I would have left as much if not more myself anyway.  Instead, we had to wait nearly 10 minutes for someone to take our drink order and another 10 minutes for her to bring our drinks out.  After taking our orders, the food came out in a reasonable period, and then we never saw our server again, until I had to flag her down for the check, which took another 5 minutes to retrieve.  I expected a bit more attention given the restaurant was nearly empty and it was the lunch hour.  Normally, I would have argued to have the tip removed, but we were all running late thanks to the "extended" poor service.  Instead, my next monthly work sponsored outing will be at Millers down the street.

Hopefully, this review comes out as more than just a rant, but a highlight of extremely poor service.  As noted in my previous 3-star review, I wasn't expecting much.  Unfortunately, this location managed to find a way to disappoint on even these lower expectations.
I usually have high hopes for new restaurants, but I was very disappointed. I should have read the reviews and not relied on what I overheard at work.  I hate wasting money on bad food and bad service. I feel bad about convincing my husband to go here instead of getting takeout pizza.

Our waitress spoke so fast about the specials, I had to have her repeat everything 2x.You can't run through a list of 10 items superfast & expect the customer to remember.

I ordered 8 boneless wing with 2 different sauces, fries and the celery that comes with the wings.  My food was brought out in 4 different small cardboard containers.  I didn't realize it at first when the waitress walked away (looong day at work-was tired), but I had no silverware nor a plate. So, after about 7 min of looking for our server who was no where on the floor, I was feeling rather annoyed. the manager who was on the floor did not notice us craning our necks to look for our server. He kept playing with some type of hands-free headset.  When the server did arrive, I nicely asked for a plate or something to eat over (other than my napkin), the server pointed to the cardboard boxes and said, "These are our plates."  I pointed to the plastic plate with the paper liner that my husband's burger came on and asked for one of those & some silverware.  It took about 3 min to get silverware and about 5 more minutes for her to return with a plate...a small (about 4inch) plate.  It was no bigger than the cardboard box.  It was small enough that only 4 wings fit on it. So much for being able to have all my food/meal in one place.  

The wings should have rocked my world, since that is the signature food.  The buffalo sauce was no better than what I can buy in a bottle at the supermarket. For the garlic parmesan sauce, which was okay, it was just spooned over the boneless wings once they were put in the cardboard box. Only the top 2 wings had any sauce.  Plus, 4 out of the 8 wings were about 30% smaller than the other 4.  

I was looking for a way to complain on their website and I found a FAQ that even stated why the wings are different sizes. Basically, they said that wings come in different sizes from the supplier & from the chickens. Ok. Quality control usually tries to bundle same size items in the same package.  Plus, I didn't even get real wings. Mine were boneless, so that means they were cut from larger chicken pieces.  When I buy boneless wings or chicken tenders in the store or get them at other restaurants, they are always similar in size. Slight variations, yes, but 30% smaller, no.  Were they trying to save money by purchasing an inferior product from suppliers?

I usually try to include something nice in my reviews, but I really can't think of anything.  My husband and I will not be returning.
My friends and I came here today to grub on some wings. 

 As soon as we came in we were awkwardly greeted. Awkwardly as in, we did the greeting and waited for a table. Somehow people behind us got tables (maybe reservations...? Seemed like walk-ins however). After about 10-15 minutes of waiting which isn't so bad, we sat and waited for our server. It was pretty crowded today so it was expected. However we were pretty unsatisfied with our server. While she was taking our order, she stopped mid-way and playfully called out to her coworker and took a table in the middle of our ordering. She didn't come back for a good 10 minutes. Busy is one thing, but selfishly taking as many tables as possible and offering crappy service to us is another story.

 The wings were average. I got the Mayan special, which was very syrupy. Everybody else's were pretty dry, the Asian zing was the only exceptional one. Oh yeah, my friend found a feather in his wings. Not a big deal, but not tasty either..

 One thing I can give a plus to, is how they definitely don't shy away the alcohol in your drinks. My long island ice tea was pretty good!

 Our server barely checked up on us. She had a very charismatic personality but very inattentive got our checks wrong. We had to find her to get our checks situated; she disappeared a lot.

Buffalo Wild Wings has sadly gone downhill, as I use to come here many times back in high school. But, like BWW, all good things must come to an end - didn't have to happen.
Ordered 50 wings and several adult beverages. Split the sauces among the 50 wings. Wings were not freshly prepared, you could clearly tell they're cooked and thrown into a pile under a heat lamp. 

Were served cold, lukewarm. I expect, for the price, to have piping hot wings that are crispy and juicy. Instead, I got cold, dry awful wings.
Don't come to this place!!! Waited 30 minutes and no one greeted us. We've decided to take our own seats and someone popped out and said to us that manager told them not to seat anyone until further notice. I can understand that they might be busy but that shouldn't be an excuse for not greeting your costumes. Worst customer service ever. Will not return to this location.
One hour for wings? Holy cow. We were a party of eight and ordered four dozen of wings and one burger. It took one hour to get served. I wish I could say that the food was worth the wait. No way. Our food was cold and not very good. 

Our server, Barb, was great but our food was not. 

Don't waste your money or your time. Go somewhere else!
This has got to be one of the worse restaurants in Philadelphia. My experience there was terrible. This restaurant years ago had refills on flavored lemonades (now that's a thing of the past) not to mention the ice machine was broken (Luke warm soda doesn't taste very good) . The service was terrible after not having compensation for a warm soda. The best part of boneless wings was the sauce, the chicken is tasteless and dry with the aftertaste of grease. Wouldn't recommend this particular place for anyone looking for good food and service
I was really excited about this place! Ugh, let down. Yes, this is still opening week, so if I decide to go again and it's better, I will write another review correcting myself. (I don't want to be unfair!)

The waitresses seem to really work hard and are constantly on the go, which was impressive.

It wasn't overly crowded. Service was sloooooow. Everything we ordered took awhile. So we expected to be blown away by it, but it was so-so. We ordered alot of different stuff, so the chances of something being super yummy was high, but that didn't happen.....

Super loud, lots of TVs so you'll deff see your game of choice. Didn't get a chance to wander to the bar, but the beer selection seems vast. 

I don't know..... more like a place to eat some wings, drink a few beers and watch the game. Though more pricey than a regular bar.
It's no surprise that I was thrilled to hear the BDubs was opening a new restaurant in Philadelphia. It's a bit of drive from Center City, but it's right off Roosevelt Blvd. 

It's typical of the other locations - a ton of TVs, lots of tables, ample parking. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Lots of beer options as well as cocktails. All are nicely priced. My recommendation is to go with the beer of the month (usually something like Miller Lite) as it's $2/pint or $3.50 for a tallboy. 

My Queso Wrap was quite delicious. The usual wing sauces available. 

Great place to catch any game!
I came here with friends for an Eagles game thinking be a great place to try for a game. We lasted till the half before leaving. This was a bad experience for multiple reasons.

Beer prices were through the roof ridiculous. $7.70 for a Guinness? That's a new one even for the area. Food prices were also over priced and when we received our food, the portion was very small. This goes hand in hand with the service. It took us over 20 minutes to get an appetizer order, and though the waitress apologized she seemed like she didn't care. The service here was bad with little to no attention given or frankly care. 

Combine all of this and the place deserves the one star. Horrible experience, food and drink over priced, not even worth what they charge, bad customer service. I gave this place a chance and will never do so again. In an area where you have Miller's next door and Chickie and Pete's three blocks away, it's no wonder this place looks dead empty all the time. Definitely can't recommend.
The food here never disappoints. It's not gourmet but there are a variety of wing flavors and tons of deals depending on what day you go. The service is good most of the time and never bad.
If I could give this place negative stars I would. After a long day of work came into this place to order to go. Placed my order and waited. After 30 minutes, the hostess tells me that my food wont be ready for an hour. 

I asked to speak to "the manager" Lawerence. He refused to come out and speak to me. I had to ask multiple times and had to tell them I would go find him myself for him to finally come out. 

They refused to refund me!  Lawerence "the manager" told me they would process it later TF??? Bro, you cant even serve wings in a timely manner, what makes you think I trust you to remember my refund and the end of your raggedy little shift. 

They gave me no food or refund. Lawerence "the manager" refused to refund me while I was at the restaurant, he kept saying, "the money wont be back on your card in 6-7 business days anyway, Ill do it later". -_- . Look here Larry, its $20, I'm sure you need it more than me. It was never about the money it was the principle. 

You waited 30 minutes. 30! To tell me my food would be ready in an additional hour.  Hostess was super unprofessional, eating food behind the counter. 

I will never in life go to this dusty, ghetto , goofy , run down Buffalo Wild Wings ever again. I feel sorry for the owner. 

Dont waste your time fam!
Exceptional customer service.
Our server chandi was very friendly and professional.
We were given an option of drumsticks vs wings.
The refill came before asking. Overall very pleased.
Will definitely come back here :)
It boggles my mind how a restaurant can screw up wings and fries.  The food was cold and bland. The service was slow and rude.  I am not writing this in anger but as a warning.  Save yourself the money and frustration and go to Millers ale house or chickies and petes.  The only good thing about buffalo wild wings is the amount of Tv's for watching sports... there must be 50 flat screens everywhere.  
Please turn the building into a McDonalds.
If I could give a negative star I would , wings is in their name and theirs are absolutely disgusting !!! Came out burnt on outside , rubbery on the inside,,,, really how does that happen ??? I sent them back , same thing , sent them back and again same thing , sauces were so so at best hot but not tasty . Drink prices.....HA just  take Vaseline with you for that they must think they're in manhattan ,, we left refusing to pay for the food that was not edible , I will never go back and would never refer anyone to go here
Came here for a work event. Servers were able to support a large party pretty well! Would come again if I had to host a large party for some reason - but only if the food did not really matter; their food was mediocre - soggy fries, burnt hamburger meat. 

Overall - service was a 4, food was a 2, so average = 3.
dear mr. buffalo wild wings cook when i ask for my wings well done that means i would like my wings crispy god dammit is it that hard to leave the wings in the fryer for like 3 more minutes. wtf this place blows. if your whole establishment  is based on wings and you cant get them right than i wont be returning. thanks for ruining my wing experiance you sons of bitches
Just gonna say this... Waitress spilled a full soda on my friggin  lap....... then charged us for it!  

wings rock there, but that was rediculous!

Im not looking for a handout.. you see I wrote a bunch of reiews and dont mind paying 

It was almost like she was afraid to tell the manager I wasnt pissed till I saw she charged us.. I told her, spilling it on me doesnt mean I drank the F'in thing 

after the bill she dissappeared .
Annabella was our server she was great or should I say excellent, she changed my experience from when we walked in the door and having to wait with no crowd and about 6 open booths.

She was very attentive and paid attention to even when the drinks were low.

Over all she mad the experience great, it was not crowded being it was a Wednesday night. 

Over all the food came very fast and everything went up from there.
Horrible service, very crowded, no beer knowledge. Expensive. Crappy food.
Yikes! After going to BWW in Orlando and loving the wings there, coming to this relatively new location was a total disappointment. To start, the lighting in there isn't just bad, but dreadful- like institutional almost--it is a bar, but come on. Then the beer and wine selection was lame and pricey. Unlike the Orlando location which allows you to combine different wing flavors--this one didn't and when the wings came they were good, but nothing spectacular. Service was lame, got the wrong wings, didn't come with the right sauce, couldn't get a server to get us more napkins--etc. not worth it.
I've eaten at this location 4 times. Of those 4 times only two were positive experiences. In my experience the wait to get seated even when not busy is ridiculous. And the wait to get service is just as bad. I'm not sure if they are just not trained correctly or they just don't care enough to monitor good staff habits. In any case aside from that their food is not even good. I personally think their wings are average at best, and have sub par sauces. For a place that's based on their wings I think they are underwhelming. I have also had some of their sandwiches and they reminded me Mcdonalds "premium" sandwiches.

The only positive thing I can say, and the only reason I still go at all is they have a ton of seating and show every boxing and ufc ppv. But I still try to get into millers ale house for events before going here.
Bad Service, Manager is unprofessional, Servers are lazy and rush customers out even though they themselves will give slow crappy service throughout meal... The owner needs to fire staff and start over or they'll be closed within half a year...
As a New York jets fan in the Philadelphia area, sometimes it can be hard to catch the game at home. If you're into fantasy football or you're team isn't on cable, Buffalo Wild Wings is the best place to catch the game you need. 

This particular Buffalo Wild Wings has pretty decent service. The manager comped is our appetizer because they didn't get the jets game on time. But sometimes the waitresses are slow or non existent. 

The food is pretty on par with other Buffalo Wild Wings. Make sure you drink a lot of water because it is SALTY. 

Bottom line, if you're a football fan who needs to see the game I can't think of a better place to ensure you can see whatever game you want to.
I was just seated at a table for 20 mins without so much as even looked at by any of the servers. Two of which passed our table multiple times within this time period and waited on all the tables on either side of us, then they started doing their sidework right in front of us! My party and I got up and left and informed the hostess of the situation, it wasn't her fault but she was at least trying to be helpful. Where was the management when this was going on? We just left extremely dissatisfied and will never return to this establishment again.
I love the variety of wing sauces and the wing specials, as well as the fried pickles, but the waitresses tend to forget about things that you ask for, and the kitchen is always out of something (gravy, a certain beer, etc.) I wish they would take down the wall between the bar and the dining room so that patrons could see the waitresses and get their attention when they need them. I also wish they'd prepare better so that they stop running out of things all the time.
My husband and I ordered from here via GrubHub and we were extremely disappointed with our food when it arrived.

I requested the naked tenders with sweet barbecue sause and tater tots. They provided the barbecue sauce to me with NO LID so when I received it, the barbecue sauce was all over the inside of the box. I also never received tater tots, they gave me french fries (which isn't what I asked for...)

In the chicken quesadilla, I did not want any salsa in it. I look inside the quesadilla and see the salsa inside. 

I asked for two barbecue sauces on the side (and paid an additional $1.20 for them) and they were never included in the bag.

I also ordered a Diet Pepsi in a bottle ($2.00) and never received it.....

My husband requested ranch for his wings, he never received it.

Finally, he wanted boneless wings with parmesan garlic and nashville hot sauce. He ended up receiving BONE IN wings with NO SAUCES.....

On top of that, our food came about 20 minutes later than the estimated time so our food was not even that warm..... 

We were very disappointed and will not be ordering from here again.
I think it is crazy that this place had so many bad reviews-  I loved it.  Me and my yelping boyfriend went there last week and it was incredible. We started off with a sampler that filled us.  And I got ribs that were to die for and he got the Big Boy Burger that had pulled pork on it.. It looked great.  We had to take alot home because we were stuffed.  
The service was fantastic.  I couldnt have asked for more timely service. Michael, our waiter, was funny and good.  Very down to earth and talked to me for a great while.  I will admit though, I got garlic parmesan wings because I am not a fan of spicy foods, and they were very spicy.  It was interesting.  I only ate a few and gave the rest to my future in laws.
Not much to say that  hasn't already been Yelped about but I will give my two cents.

(The food): For the most part, it was just meh. 

* The Buffalo Ranch Chicken Sandwich:  I expected a  thick piece of chicken that was nicely breaded/crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Instead, it was wafer thin, hard as a hockey puck and tasted  frost-bitten. The actual chicken needed some more seasoning, it was flavorless. Like many chain restaurants, the cook/chefs lack creativity and try to mask the food with condiments..... the ranch dressing, cheese and sauce couldn't even save this sandwich. I have had better at places such as Chili's.

*  Hamburger sliders: Even though it is a slider, we expected a more thicker piece of meat  (like other places serve).... It was wafer thin and had a grittiness/rubbery  consistency of a  microwaved burger. The fries had a peculiar taste.

* Buffalo Ranch Chicken Wrap: Probably the same chicken as the one they serve on a roll but the wrap version tasted a lot better.

* Buffalo wings: They are naked style (not breaded). I think Byrne's Tavern (Port Richmond)  and  Curan's Irish Inn (Bensalem) have better wings but I still enjoyed the wings here. The sauce was good as well. I  would order them again.

(The service/Pricing): Our server was excellent. The price points were reasonable. 

(The 'ambiance').  They have a boat load of TV's everywhere (a lot more than Chickie's and Pete's). This seems to be a great place to watch a E-A-G-L-E-S, Phillies, Uuuuuuuunion or Flyers game ! 

If I am in the mood for some tasty sandwiches or pub grub, would I go out of my way to eat sandwiches at Buffalo Wild Wings? No, probably not. (sorry, I just get better food at places such as the South Philly Taproom, Royal Tavern, etc.)......  Would I go to BWW to eat buffalo wings, drink beer and watch a game?  I certainly would.  

A solid three stars for the nice amount of TV's seen at every angle you sit at, the service we received and the buffalo wings. That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
Yes, its a chain.  Let's not go holding that against it.  In fact, if you are just going to catch a game, being a chain really doesn't mean much, does it?

That being said, you aren't going to be overwhelmed by much, other than the plentiful TVs.  A great selection of wings, spiced to your likely (or beyond).  They have 'sweet' and 'spicy' options, in case hot isn't your thing.  If hot is your thing, step up to the Blazin Challenge.

Overall, absolutely worth visiting to catch every moment of every Sunday game.  If sports aren't your thing, or you actually want to talk to the company you're with, it might be worth it to keep on driving.  Enjoy!
Ok I'm finally getting around to writing my review. I was so pumped on Buffalo Wild Wings ever since I heard they were opening which was about a month ago.

I went at night on opening day. It was a bit noisy and chaotic but I can totally understand that given the fact they just opened 9 hours earlier.

When I say Best Bloody Mary I've ever had, that's somewhat of an understatement. The drink I was presented with upon ordering was a beautifully displayed gift from the gods. Tall glass, 3 olives, a pickle, celery stalk, a lemon, and lime wedge. I figured it was all show, so I took the first sip. It was overwhelmingly delicious! Salted to perfection, had the perfect amount of bite, and it wasn't too strong. I would return for this drink alone!!

The food came out about 13 minted after we ordered. Their wing sauce selection is crazy!! I ordered 12 medium wings just to test the waters. They were fantastic!! And the old lady ordered a steak wrap with onion rings, also great. 

The wait staff is extremely friendly and really know what they're talking about. The bar area is set up beautifully and there's about 492 flat screen TV's on the wall.

We got 2 bloody Mary's, a soda, 12 wings, and a steak wrap meal for roughly $38. Great food at a great price! I was thoroughly satisfied with everything.

Next time, I'm ordering the fried pickles and salt and vinegar wings!
have been here several times and very disappointed each time. the wings aren't really good at all. for a place that specializes in wings you'd think they'd be good. the wings at grants across the street are way better and cheaper. too expensive for drinks. i ordered a tall 23oz. bud light draft during an eagles game. $5.17 for this pint. that ridiculous for a draft during football sunday. when every other bar/restaurant in the area has drink specials, this place charges over $5 for a pint. last visit i ordered the pulled pork sandwich w/fries. my sandwich came out but the fries didnt. after asking the waitress for my fries not once but 3 times i still didnt get them. 30 min later i told the manager about it. he comped my sandwich which was nice but i dont think i'll go back to this place again
Ordered out and the order was entirely wrong. I was locked out, had to bang on the door to be let inside, only to then be ignored while waiting at the counter to pick up my order. Half way on the ride home I realized I didn't get my drinks- probably $3 each (2 drinks total) to be compensated by two bottles of water- not even my money. Whatever. Get home to realize that my one order (the sampler) was missing onion rings, and given the wrong sauce. Great job lol
*le sigh* It actually pains me to write this review, I used to LOVE this place, it was once the go to hangout for my brother and I, we even made some great friends here. Oh how the once great has fallen. The whole vibe of the place was "We don't want you here"

Walking in and being "greeted" should've been a clear message. I didn't listen to that voice that said Just turn around and walk away now, you'd think I'd learn to listen to it by now. I stood there being ignored by the people who were talking about take out and who the new guy in the kitchen is hooking up with......I think he's hooking up with Michelle if you're interested (I was not) after about three minutes, which is an eternity when you're hungry. 

My waitress Alex was attentive enough but came across very corporate, it could be the fact that the place was so overstaffed for the night. At any given time there were three of four girls standing around and they all looked MISERABLE. Energy is palpable, and unhappy workers lead to unhappy guests. Also one of the managers was doing this weird thing where he was doing laps around the place. I'm pretty sure he was trying to hatch pokemon eggs because he never addressed any of the guests. At one point a woman from another table looks at me and mouths is he ok? I shrugged back because I didn't know. I've seen attentive managers that are engaged with their guests but this really did come across as kinda creepy. And now for the food.....

My appetizers and drink came out fine (so long Huckleberry lemonade you will be missed). Now I'm used to the Tuesday specials is was fun, so when I ordered six wings and was told I could only get them in multiples of 5, it wasn't the end of the world but it took some of the fun away and all but guaranteed that I wouldn't experiment with any new sauces because I didn;t want to get stuck with 5 if I didn't like them, so far it was only champagne problems and little nuisances but it DID feel like they were all adding up. Then my wing order came out and I became a mom (you read that right, no typo). My asian zing were great but my go to wing, the parm garlic, came out barely dressed. Seriously, I felt like walking back in the kitchen, holding my wings, and saying "Now you knew this wasn't right when you sent it out." I'm super annoyed now but let's try to handle this the right way I thought and asked my waitress for some extra Parm garlic sauce, then I found out why they came out that way as it took 15 minutes before I got the sauce to put on my now cold wings, apparently they'd run out and had to make more. I finished my (cold) wings and got my bill just to get out the door, I even skipped dessert which I usually like but since they'd messed up everything from my seating to my fav wings, I was just ready to leave bad enough alone. 

I'm not the kind of person that gets a manager and demands things be stricken from my bill, I just pay and choose to never set foot in the place again, and that's the case here. Oh and new kitchen guy, if you ARE having sex with the waitress by the dumpsters close to the bus stop, everyone in the place is talking about it!
I've been to a few Buffalo Wild Wings but this is the one I've dined at the most sober.  As far as wings go, I'd place the quality as a 9/10... great selections and nice meat on the bones.  Parmesan garlic and Spicy Garlic are my favorites... maybe I just like garlic?  My bf loves the Asian Zing, Medium was 'meh' and I was not a fan of the Jammin' Jalapeno or Caribbean Jerk.  I'm dying to try the Mango Habenero but bf won't eat them if my tongue catches fire.  

Fries suck, mozz sticks won't kill the craving but the nachos weren't half bad.  I've tried the Honey BBQ Chicken Salad and it's not worth the wait... the quality chicken is clearly left in the wing department.  

The best part of BWW is Tuesday night... half priced wings from 7-9 pm.  A happy hour I can actually attend?  Bring it!  Bf and I got in-and-out in less than $30... and we enjoyed beer and 24 quality wings.  Downer is the extra price for Blue Cheese and Ranch OTS.  

Melissa is awesome, hence why we know her name, but service has been 50/50 most visits.  Our server on St. Patty's day was obviously bitter she had to work.  Friendly service yields a bigger tip; the managers should probably inform them of that.  And the managers should also probably table touch.  I've seen one person kind of in control (kind of short, dark hair) and he's the only manager who's ever checked in with us. 

All in all... the point is the wings and on Tuesday night, they definitely outweigh the service and salads.
I used to love BWW, but this place is just so over priced (hints the 3 stars). Yes the food Is good, yes it's a cool atmosphere...but $9 for 8 boneless wings...that's ridiculous (and that's just the snack size)! If you want 12 wings and some fries and a soda, you're looking at about $20 per person! You might as well go to Olive Garden or Red Lobster and get better food for the same price. If BWW was more reasonably priced it would get a much higher rating
I'm disappointed overall
I heard all this hype about Buffalo Wild Wings in my neighborhood over the last few weeks, so I had to get my butt down the boulevard and give it a go!

I'll rate my experience as okay. The food itself was pretty damn good. I am not a wing expert, but I enjoyed the few I had along with my spicy buffalo chicken wrap. 
The only thing I wasn't a fan of is the seating and the 129481246 TVs they had all over the walls. We were sitting on these tall stools on a table that was far too small for the amount of food we had. I found the hundreds of games that were going on to be quite distracting from the company I was with. But at the end of the day, its a wing joint so I should've executed that, no?

So, if sports are your thing and so are wings, this place is totally for you!
I've been to several buffalo wild wings and this one by far has the worst service. The 2 star rating is for the food only brought down by the service. I was in there with a group of 10 and there was orders never brought out but still charged for, wrong orders served and a 20 minute wait for the correct order after we had waited 30 minutes initially. Then I decided to give them a 2nd chance w/a group of 4. Grrrrr orders were still messed up. If you want a better dining experience go to the BWW over in Langhorne, waaayyy better than the one on Roosevelt.
Went for take-out. Two sandwiches and onion rings cost almost $25. The onion ring portion was ridiculous,  and sandwiches no better than Mickey D's or BK. Staff was pleasant, but the wait time was way too long for the empty place.  Save your money!!
My wife, son & I stopped here while out shopping. I figured "why not", I can always go for wings. Should've kept going until I went home & cooked my own. The food was awful; greasy & bland. My wife got the appetizer sampler, & stated everything tasted the same. The only taste the wings provided came from the sauces provided, which were sub-par. Service was slowwwwww, I got older & grayer waiting for my meal & check. This place won't sucker me in again. If I want wings, I'll go to Byrne's Tavern.
Been here a few times but the last time will be my last time. The service was so bad I think they forgot about us. The food was ok but not as good at our previous trips here. My family and I are huge chicken wing lovers. And for the prices they charge you would think they would give u impeccable service or food or something. I think the only thing this place has going for it is the flat screen tv's everywhere and the germ infested little ipads they gave my kids to play with at the table. You would think they would wipe them off between uses. I would love to go back if the service was guaranteed to be better and I had a coupon. But until then... I'll stick to local wing places around my house.
Ick. I didn't stick around for any food or drinks. I couldn't do it. On a Monday afternoon, my Boo and I popped in after TV shopping. We go in, its half empty in the dining area. We're told a 45 minute wait. So we decide to go to the bar and try that. It's loud and flashy. Weird crowd. They actually had signs that promoted their deal of $4 PBRs! $4? Center city wouldn't have the nerve to charge $4, let alone be proud of it. We get an uncomfy seat at the bar, open the menu, and their prices are just ridiculous for the neighborhood or any neighborhood. It is a touristy spot where there are no tourists. I would never need wings this bad. The very young bartender was super busy. I knew that we couldn't expect great service. When she got to us, I witnessed something I've never seen before. My boyfriend ordered a soda. I have known him for 26 years. I have never seen him not order a beer at a bar. Without speaking we knew we couldn't hang here. Threw money on the bar for the sodas and bolted. I have been in very few situations where I couldn't find fun. But this place is the exact opposite of fun. It sucked the fun right out of me and stressed us out. I feel like my cool card would be revoked had we stayed. I don't understand the mastermind behind putting this place in the NE where there aren't any hotels or out of towners. This is the NE where you can get beer and wings practically on every corner. And that's what we did. I just can't see BWWs surviving. It doesn't make any sense. It needs to be close to the airport hotels.That would make sense. Sidenote... I partied at a BWWs in Columbia SC and had a blast. I was away for the Army and it was our first time out in 6 months. There were about 20 of us. It didn't matter where we were. So that place might have sucked too. we"ll never know.
I've been to other bww before and ivliked it but this location is BAD.  Horrible service, crappy food and bad clientele
Went here for the 2015 nfl draft the place was packed but service was still good. Food and drinks came out fast. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because of the food. I ordered 20 wings (shared) and I actually found prices  of bone in 3 of them which is really weird , never had that happen before. Also I ordered nachos , the nachos lacked meat and cheese and everything else that nachos consist of, so I basically had chips that cost 10 dollars. So I definitely would not recommend ordering them.
Ok so. My beloved beer battered onion rings and mozzarella sticks came out super fast. I mean 5 minutes tops. They didn't have those cute little crowns this time but their kiddie tablets definitely kept the kids out of our hair for dinner. I love the wing sauce but our server just assumed we were there before. Usually they ask if its your first time and if it is, you can try alllllll the wing sauces to see which one you like. She was pretty good at keeping up with my empty cup although this was a Monday night and they were not busy. Speaking of being not busy- we had to wait quite some time up front to be seated. Why? It wasn't busy and there were tons of buffalo wild wing workers around. Anyway. The burger my man got was good looking and the little piece I tasted was amazing. I don't remember the name of it but it had burger meat, pork and an onion ring on it. Defiantly going back again :)
F.y.I. if your birthday happens to fall on a Tuesday, don't good to redeem your birthday wings.  Otherwise wings & things were, decent......
Good hot wings, mediocre burger, nice server, loud and bright dining area with local sports jerseys seems like they are trying too hard to be part of the city.
I have to say that BWW is just very mediocre and average. There is really nothing that sets the restaurant apart from a typical sports bar that serves wings and burgers, with TVs in every direction. For a place named for its wings, they were very much an item I could get much better elsewhere. 

So while this place wasn't "bad," it was very much "meh."
Can I give less than 1 star? First the hostess had us stand there for at least 5 minutes without even acknowledging that we were there. She looked at us, but then continued to organize the dozen menus she had..maybe she was trying to put them in alphabetical order? Who knows...
Our server, Kisa, was the one and only bright light of the evening! She was extremely busy & still managed to excel at her job...her service was 5 stars all the way....The food??? Well as I am eating my salad, I found trash in my food!!! Yes that is right, pieces of plastic and bags, TRASH in my food...no one could finish their meal. Management did offer to get me something else, but really, who would want anything from that kitchen after that? My recommendation....Just Don't Go!!
This was absolutely the worst service/food I have ever had. The waitress was rude and miserable. I ordered boneless wings and fries that were cold and soggy and thrown at me on paper trays like I was back in high school. She also offered me a straw for my bottle of Corona. I used to be a server and never complain about food when I am out, but I refuse to pay for overpriced garbage that's been left in the window to die all night. When I complained, I was polite and didn't ask for anything else. I had lost my appetite. I received no apology and she seemed bothered by my honesty. She later returned and asked if a manger had come over and when I said no she just turned around and walked away. When we asked for the check, we saw she had still charged us for the uneaten meal. We told her nicely that we didn't want to pay for food that wasn't good and she argued that it was half-eaten and if a manager wasn't over to speak to us, there was nothing that could be done. We had to insist that she get the food comped off the bill and when she came back, once again, with an attitude and no apology and handed us the check. We paid and left no tip. I think she should consider a different profession.
Took over 20 mins for service, thai curry wings we sent back, bbq chicken salad was too sweet and chicken was ice cold, hot bbq wings were barely covered in sauce, must AVOID, also presentation was bad meaning no plates!
We have come here before and gotten decent service every time on a weekday. This time we went on a Sunday afternoon when they were actually busy we ordered our kids food first and their drinks as well despite telling them that we wanted the kids food and drinks brought out first they not only brought out our drinks but also our meals before bringing out anything for the kids or our appetizer forcing us to sit there and have our kids cry at us because we couldn't give them any of the hot wings that we had ordered. Then when they did actually bring our kids food out they brought out the wrong drink and the wrong meal for one of our kids. When we finally got to eat our wings they were dry and tasted very old like they had been sitting out for long time which has never been the case when we have been there before. Then when we asked to speak to the manager our waitress was very rude and told us there was no manager in the building. I honestly will not be going back anytime soon despite how great they were on weekdays because of this experience.
Server was great. Food was nothing to go crazy about. Took one hour for my cold wings to get out. All they did was give me free six wings. Other people around me ate and left before I even got my food.  Then the messed up all our checks. We have now been here for two hours. Wish I could say we had a good time. Never go here!
Oh my god... The slowest service EVER! Honey BBQ was good everything else eh..... Whatever, never coming back!
Went there for the first time last night, always heard good things about this place so we figured we would give it a try. I was hoping to really enjoy this place since my boyfriend is a huge ufc fan and sometimes it's hard finding places that show the fights. The minute we walked in I wasn't super impressed with the hostess but that's not too big of a deal. We sat in the area and we really enjoyed that because of all the TVs we were already planning on coming back next weekend for the fights. We met our waitress  not even sure of her name because she most likely didn't introduce herself. From that point on it was just god awful. We ordered an appetizer, we never received plates or anything. After our waitress took out order we didnt see her again until our dinners came. Which was just a quick everything good and walked away. We tried to flag her down for a drink. She NEVER got
The hint no matter how much we moved the empty cup around. Once she saw my boyfriend finish his beer she offered us more to drink. My cup has been empty for at least 30 Mins. We finished eating and my boyfriend STILL hasn't received his beer. Maybe if she stopped chit chatting with the other girls and actually smiled we wouldn't mind too much. The food wasn't that good and the service sucked. We wouldn't be back.
Terrible service. Food was not as good as other Buffalo Wild Wings.  My best tip is to go to another location.  Service will be much better elsewhere.
Great food and service. I don't think I've ever not enjoyed a meal here. Staff is always friendly. Every sporting event that is being played it televised so everyone can enjoy their favorite game.
This Buffalo Wild Wings is located right off Roosevelt Boulevard, in a convenient shopping center with lots of parking. We came with a large party of 13 on a Sunday night for a surprise party and the hostess was very accommodating. We waited for probably 10 minutes, without calling ahead, for them to prepare the table and area for us. After being seated we were immediately set up with water pitchers and ice for convenience. They also waited patiently for the entirety of our party, as well as for the surprise, till they took our order. The only problem which we faced was how long the food took to come out. We understood we'd have to wait since our party was so big, but we probably waited for 30+ minutes. Following receiving our orders our waiter didn't return to fill our water or take our plates for another 30+ minutes. However, all in all I don't think the service was beyond terrible. Our waiter was also kind enough to split our bill 4 separate ways which we appreciated.

The food: came out cold, lightly sauced, tasted good still.

Summary: although the service wasn't amazing, and the wings cold and lightly sauced, we had a good experience putting into context how large our party was. The servers were certainly accommodating and we would definitely return.
I refuse to try and give this place anymore credit than it is due...I hate that they chose such a generic name for this franchise, because they discredit the integrity of buffalo wings. They offer a large variety of selections between sauces and rubs, also appetizers and the other typical stuff, like burgers. But taste wise? Oh man, I just don't like it. It tastes super prepackaged, Hooter's is better, and Hooters is no 5star either, but just way better.
The service seriously sucked ass. I work in food service and can tell you that nobody here cares about anything, let alone you. I was told to sit at the bar, then when I sat at the bar they complained about people seating themselves. And by 'they' I mean the 5 servers sitting around because the place was completely dead. I wasnt greeted and was generally treated like a leper. I'm not sure what I've done to my server within the first three seconds of meeting her, but my existence VERY CLEARLY upset her. Not a greeting, not a hello, not a your welcome, not anything. The food was ok. Salty salads are a thing I guess?
