I surprised my husband with a dinner here in honor of our 10th engagement anniversary. I was looking for a quaint  Italian BYOB in South Philly that we hadn't been to before. Enter Burrata, which had been sitting on my bookmark list for quite awhile.... 

It was candlelit, and exactly they kind of place I was looking for on a romantic, rainy chilly October night.  

We came prepared with our own champagne and were greeted immediately with an ice bucket and flutes. 

We started with their delicious warm crisp bread and authentic Italian oil and a perfectly dressed classic Caesar big enough for our family to split. It had nice chunks of freshly shaved Parmesano reggiano and cracked black pepper. 

For our entrees we simply shared shrimp scampi with wonderful  homemade pasta and memorable creamy mushroom gnocchi with generous amounts of meaty mushrooms. 

For dessert we kept it classic with ricotta cannoli and tiramisu, both quite perfect. 

Service was great and prompt and we left a card I had written my husband behind at our table and the staff called right away that night and allowed him to swing by early the next morning before they were even open to come and grab it. Much appreciated!! Very honest people!!

Making reservation on Open Table was easy and while not necessary on a weekday, I would highly recommend for a weekend as the space is rather small...but cozy. 

Perfect evening for the occasion. Thanks Burrata!
The six cackling women, millennials of course, celebrating one's birthday, sitting next to us, and the big mouth couples to the left who talk louder to get their point across, because as we all know, the louder you speak the more validity to your conversation, couldn't bother me enough to disturb or disrupt my dinner at this solid 4.25 star Italian BYOB in South Philly.

Service was fantastic, I felt bad I had to ask our server to repeat almost everything she said because of the noise level.  But as I once said, if you want quiet stay home.  

For appetizer I started with the Burrata, prosciutto, and roasted peppers.  The burrata was soooo smooth and creamy, everything else a perfect accompaniment.  5 stars.  I tasted the Seafood Stufato my dining partner (for what used to be date night) ordered, the arrabbiata sauce (tomato base with 10 times more flavor) was to die for.  In addition, the calamari was so tender. 5 stars

Entrees were very good, but lacked pizzazz, excitement, punch, something to bring them up to 5 star level.  The pan seared branzino special was a perfect piece of tender, fresh white fish over a bed of empty tasting squid ink risotto.  The squid ink adds color, but does nothing for flavor in my opinion.  My main dish was the lamb shank, a so melt-in-your-mouth as you ever had, fall-off-the-bone tender lamb was again surrounded by not-full-flavored mashed with a few asparagus spears buried in the bed of potato. 4 stars for both

My friend had the apple cake.  Fabulous and back to 5 stars.  The gelato was still too frozen, not creamy and nothing special, the lowest rated dish I had all evening.  I've had better almost anywhere. 2 stars.

I am looking forward to having Burrata as another go-to in South Philadelphia.
Great meal at this BYO gem. Small menu comprised of a handful of starters, about eight homemade pasta dishes and three entrees. We enjoyed the artichokes, the burrata and prosciutto, the parpadelle with wild boar ragu, and the gnocchi with arugula pesto, asparagus and burrata. Excellent presentation and execution. Good ambiance with attentive service.
There are only two times when I write reviews. One, the service was exceptional and deserves to be recognized. Two, the service was a complete massacre and deserves to be exposed. 

My girlfriend and I planned a night out with a couple of our friends which started at Burrata. We were ten minutes late in joining our friends for dinner. When we sat down the middle aged waitress didn't seem happy judging by her actions when  she said " I guess I have to get you guys something to drink, what do you want?" No introduction of who she was or no welcoming remarks. she sighed shook her head left to right and went to go get us our drinks. 

Next, We ordered our food. EVERYTHING was extremely salty to say the least. As she was bringing out the plate settings and went to put them on the table she knocks over a full glass of RED wine on to my girlfriends white dress, my suede boots, and my silver jacket. I understand accidents happen but it's what happened next. 

No manager/owner came by to apologize. The spilling of the wine put a damper on the mood but we got over it. Eventually the check comes out and she has the audacity to charge us for our meals after ruining my boots, the dress, and the jacket. At this point I asked for the manager  who refused to come speak to us. The waitress came back and said "we can pay for the dry cleanings" I asked again can I speak to the manager and he still didn't come over. So I got up and walked over to him and asked him why hasn't come to our table after an incident like that. He said he was busy... then I asked him how was he planning on paying for the damages. He said he'll pay for the dry cleaning. Mind you this is red wine we are talking about. 

Any way long story short he then proceeds to tell my girlfriend to leave the dress there now and he'll take care of it. My girlfriend asked " am I supposed to walk out of here naked " at which point the owner said "girl lower your voice and don't create a scene" this is where I got up and told him he can't talk to her like that and he asked us to leave. So we left. 

This is where it gets interesting. 

As we are walking I realize he had followed us two blocks down and decides to call the cops to tell them we didn't pay for our meals after he asked us to leave. He also told us "F**k you" while standing there waiting for the cops. The cop sided with us rightfully so. 

Never have I ever experienced something so low class from a restaurant. I'm in complete utter disgust of this place and how they handled everything. Please do yourself a favor and save yourselves from being treated with complete disrespect and eating extremely salty food. There are so many other authentic Italian places you can go to that know how to treat not just there customer but a human being in general right and their food is actual edible.
so glad burrata is finally open! wish we had more like this on the west side of broad....

we had the fennel salad and the beet salad- both light and tasty. perfect for summer. scallops were perfect and the ragu on the pappardelle was on point. we'll be back for sure.
We had family visiting and everyone wanted Italian again. We were heading to Ristorante Pesto but the restaurant was full and was not taking any walk ins. We decided take a walk down to checkout Burrata because of the stars and also from all the reviews it received. 

What we ordered:
Starters: Grilled Baby Octopus, Mussels, and Artichoke
Main: Fettucini, Pappardelle, Capellini with Crab Meat, Gnocchi, and Slow Braised Lamb Shank with Farro.

The entire family reaction after dinner was WOW. So glad we got turned away from Ristorante Pesto. Everything was cooked to perfection. I appreciate a restaurant that have homemade pasta. The dishes were serve in the right portion and it wasn't your typical Italian restaurant loaded with marinara sauce. The capellini and lamb shank was the special of the day. My favorite was the gnocchi with wild mushroom and truffle. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes.
Hidden gem! I played kickball across the street from here and have been wanting to go forever. I went for my birthday dinner. It was amazing! It's byob and the wine glasses so nice! 
The service was amazing! As soon as we sat down they opened our wine and got us water. They also kept filling up our water, we never had to ask! 
The food was so good! We started with the Burrata, it was a great texture. We got the crab cake appetizer special over squid ink risotto. The crab cake had a ton of meat it in and the flavor was good.
We got the wild boar pasta and the arugula pesto pasta. Both were amazing. For dessert we have a cannoli. Best one I have had since Italy! 
Overall it was a great experience. They don't rush you out and everyone is super friendly. I can't wait to go back aga
Are you hungry? Go here. Are you full from another meal? Puke, then come here. 

This place has officially taken the crown of best dish in Philadelphia (per my 2 years of data gathering). 

Ordered:
- Burrata
- Gnocchi 
- Ravioli

All were delicious but the real standout was easily the Gnocchi. If you're allergic to mushrooms, eat this. If you're allergic to truffles, eat this. If you're lactose intolerant, eat this...alone.

Let me be clear, it is worth dying for. 

The potato gnocchi melts in your mouth. The sauce is creamy and light. Dipping the bread in the sauce added another way to try it out. My recommendation is to lick the bowl. I found it offers the best most intimate flavor experience. 

The service was great. They are super friendly and recognized another customer who frequents this restaurant. Wonderful spot!! 10/10 would recommend.
We celebrated our anniversary at Burrata last night, our first visit since they opened a few weeks ago.  All I can say is make a reservation soon, because word is going to get out, and this place will be showing up on top 10 lists.  Be sure to try the Burrata appetizer...unique experience and the cheese is made fresh on site.  The grilled octopus was perfect.  The list of pasta dishes has something for everyone - vegetarians, fish lovers, meat eaters.  All pastas homemade and amazing.  We had the pappardelle with wild boar ragu - super tasty and a generous portion.  In fact all portions are generous.  The grilled Branzino was beautifully prepared and presented.  Dreamy lemon sorbet finished off a memorable dining event!  We will return early and often.
Burrata is BYOB and they do accept credit cards.
Great byob! Small inside so reservations are usually required. Delicious and pasta, seafood entrees and of course, their namesake burrata! Bread on the table with olive oil was delicious. They have some seating outside when it's nice out. Solid Italian byob.
I really enjoyed this little slice of south Philly heaven. It's a tiny spot so I'd definitely make a reservation even if it's just for two. Oh and its BYOB! 

The food was packed with flavor and we were taken care of every step of the way. I was completely fine with my dietary restriction and was able to enjoy everything I wanted. 

The food was super yummy and good to share. We started with the seafood spafato and Burrata salad to share. For my entree I chose the risotto with day boat scallops. WOW. That's all I can say. It was a great portion, I was able to take some home, and I was definitely happy about that because it was incredible. 

My date got the bucatini pasta entree, it also came with Burrata cheese. The portion was not as hefty as my risotto but he was very pleased! 

For dessert we both went with an espresso, it was nice to sit and let our food digest and enjoy the experience. I will definitely be back!
First time in Philadelphia. Decided to try this place after reading all the reviews. I'm glad we did. After looking over the menu I wanted to make some modifications. Dave- the owner- was very accommodating. The food was awesome! The fennel salad was delicious; combined with bucatini and pink sauce- Burrata on top! Highly recommend.
AWFUL service! Waitress, managers are rude and have no clue how to run a restaurant. Food was not good. Save your money and time. Go enjoy your dinner at any of the many Italian restaurants in Philly who treat their customers like they actually want their business.
Amazing food but absolutely terrible service. We waited over 45 minutes for a reservation, and the staff kept telling us "it would be just a moment". That "moment" never came, and we had to beg them to rearrange seating for us, which left us with an extremely awkward seating arrangement. They gave no apology or efforts to rectify the situation. Our waitress was extremely rude, abrasive and short. I would never go back here. There's tons of gems in South Philly that have better customer service and food just as decent.
This place is in need of a little bit of an attitude adjustment. Upon arrival, we were barely greeted and our reservation could have been completely made up, as there was no host/hostess checking for reservations! So any Joe Shmoe could walk in and say, "Hey, we had a reservation for two!" And they'd be sited promptly. After being sited 20 minutes after our reservation time, the waiter couldn't have been less interested and more snarky. I asked to put an appetizer in and he said "Sorry, we'll take your order when you're completely ready..." I have never experienced that in my entire life. Also, I watched the staff interrupt a couples meal, to move them to a different table to accommodate for a larger party! Which I've never seen before either!
Apart from the lack of service, the food was very pleasing. My date and I split the Burrata. She had the Ravioli, and I had the Lamb Shank. The Burrata and Ravioli were both delicious, but the Lamb Shank was a little underwhelming. 
Definitely will give this place one more chance, hopefully they have better service and I can update this review.
Burrata has easily become a favorite BYO in the East Passyunk neighborhood for us and many of our our friends. Although open for a relatively short time, the friendly and professional staff and quality food gives Burrata the feel of a well established neighborhood landmark restaurant. Modern and beautifully decorated, the space is perfect for special occasions as well as any night as an alternative to cooking at home. All of the pasta dishes made with fresh in-house made pasta are amazing! The potato gnocci with mushrooms pecorino and walnuts is a favorite as is the buccatini with arugula pesto asparagus and burrata. For appetizers, the artichokes and the mussels with chorizo are both great and the namesake burrata appetizer is out of this world! The lamb shank entree is another favorite. They also offer a very nice selection of desserts that never disappoint!  We have introduced many friends to Burrata and everyone has left full and very happy! You will definately leave knowing owner Dave and a few of the other friendly staff who always make you feel very welcome and taken care of. Word is getting out - Burrata is going to be a busy spot in EPA for many years to come!  Make your reservations early...
Another excellent meal. this time we ate at burrata in person. thank you all for a terrific meal and the special attention you always give your guests!!! Dejvi, I appreciate that when i was walking around the park the other day that you acknowledged that i made a reservation for tonight and you said to me 'neal see you both saturday night'. That is a very nice and personable touch and exhibits the kind of excellent business person/friend/neighbor that you are. My wife had the salmon and i had the spaghetti and clams/shrimp and we shared the burrata and perfect! thank you all very much!!! 
all the best, 
neal and maryann rubin
This place was nothing short of amazing. The server seemed to be an owner or at least a manager, and then the other employees were all so respectful and clean that I actually took notice and loved it!! We even sat at the table closest to the kitchen and it didn't feel uncomfortable at all. 
The food was JUST as amazing. The special appetizer was the meat and cheese plate pictured and we had the mussels, and then we got the special pasta dish and the salmon as our entrees. I have to say- the size of the salmon portion was ABSOLUTELY worth the price. As someone who gets salmon a lot of the places I go out to eat- it absolutely makes a difference!! The dessert we got was tiramisu which was gone in probably like 60 seconds because of how delicious it was. 
This place is BYOB which is so fun to bring your own to have exactly the experience you want! I will absolutely be going back!!
We are big fans of supporting a good neighborhood place, and Burrata fits the bill with a comfy feel and lively ambiance. There's nothing to block cold air from coming in the front door, so we won't be back till spring or summer when I know I won't be uncomfortable. 

The seafood stufato was top notch. We also loved the home made bucatini with blush sauce, crab and lobster, although I wish they didn't make me wrestle with cracking the claw. The paccheri with bolognese was good but the pieces were a little too wide and awkward. The burrata was served ice cold - it's supposed to sit out for a bit to get warm and oozy.
Where to begin? The place is nice to look at. Hot to be in. The A/C unit and fan are a joke once the kitchen heats up and before all the tables are seated. The staff is sweet and friendly but quite a bit unorganized. We were seated at 6:15, on time for our reservation, and sat waiting to have our order taken until 6:35. I did keep tabs on the time because we were dining with two small children who were very hungry. We requested an ice bucket for our wine when we ordered our food. It didn't come until 7:05 after I had to ask a second time and after our wine had already come up to room temp I the balmy single room. Our appetizers were just ok, the cold flavorless roasted red peppers didn't do justice to the previous owners recipe AT ALL and gave me the sensation I was eating worms. It took nearly ten minutes before another server realized we weren't eating the apps and removed the plates. The kids pasta finally came 10 minutes after we had to ask for it. The wait for our entrees wasn't worth it. The portions were nice, food hot, plates well. The food itself was mediocre at best. Mine, the lamb chops with garlic kale and potatoes was cooked perfectly but the flavor was all wrong. The lamb chops tasted like breakfast sausage!! The seasonings were just wrong for lamb, I think I tasted mostly sage, the garlic in the kale was hardly noticeable. The potatoes were potatoes. Everything was crazy salty. Even my daughter who loves lamb chops wouldn't finish one. The pasta they had was hardly salted at all but had a nice flavor. My husband's fish was bland. He also had a parsnip purée that was delicious on its own and his artichokes were prepared well. I'm writing this here on Yelp instead of Open Table where I booked our table for this reason. The owners made the very unprofessional decision to cancel our reservation after we had dined, paid and tipped, and left so that I was unable to write a review OR receive my dining points on the Open Table platform. The place is new. I get it. I was willing to let this first trip be chalked up as newbie issues and to return later in the summer once they get better organized and staffed. But, once I saw they blocked me out on OT, I had to let it be known SOMEWHERE that right now is not the best time to go to Burrata and if you do go you may have to be a bit aggressive in getting your food on a busy Friday night. By the way, the hostess is practically useless. What they need is another server on the floor so they don't leave people in limbo waiting for everything. It's a shame, too. My friends that used to own the place made it feel like home when you were there before. I wish them luck and hope they get it together soon.
We love BYOs and were eager to try Burrata because we have heard good things. It's a cute, small room with an open kitchen so you can smell the food wafting from it - so good. Our waiter was great. Very patient and unobtrusive. We took a long time to catch up before ordering and he didn't push us or anything. He always ensured our wine glasses were full. The food was very tasty. There were a lot of options for different diets, and dishes were easy to share. The scallops were definitely the best part of the meal. Perfectly seared. We enjoyed our pasta too, but I think I had unrealistic expectations for it. We'll absolutely come back - maybe with 2 bottles of wine next time.
Came here during the midst of the pandemic and was pleasantly surprised!  I have been looking for more BYOB places in Philadelphia to try out and was not disappointed.  They had acceptable covid safety precautions and were socially distancing.  

I ordered the Burrata appetizer, Papardelle (wild boar ragu, porcini crusted, pecorino) and the Capellini (sun dried tomatoes, shrimp, spinach, pistachios, light cream sauce).  All of the dishes were amazing! My favorite was the Capellini, so I highly recommend getting it if they have it on the menu!  Their pasta noodles tasted like they were freshly made!  The portion sizes are not too big but also not too small, which may be good or bad for some people.  I prefer larger portions, but the flavor and fresh pasta made up for it! 

Please remember to bring your favorite bottle of wine with you and make reservations!!
I love this restaurant so much! I had been before in the Before times and had a really lovely pappardelle and gnocchi shared with my beau, but we recently went back with family and I had another lovely gnocchi from the specials. It was a spinach gnocchi with shrimp and crab meat with a blush sauce and I ate the whole freaking thing. I wanted more. And the waitstaff are so nice and hardworking and appreciative that my dinner was the first time I felt "normal" in the last 19 months.

I have to come back to try the ravioli before their menu changes over but I can't explain enough how much I love fancy Italian food and how much Burrata absolutely knocks it out of the park. And pro tip: definitely order the burrata or you'll have missed out
The entire dining experience was superb. The restaurant is a square shape with maybe 15ish tables and a good mix between casual and finer dining atmosphere. BYOB, Italian with plenty of pasta, meat, and fish options. 
Our waiter was fantastic- picked up right away that we were not in a rush and trying to hang out and treated us so. 
Highly recommend!
4.5* Very small and quaint restaurant. The menu is small but everything is done well. Wish they gave us more bread. The bread wasn't great but it was okay. We started with the burrata and it was creamy and delicious. I ordered the pesto orecchiette. It was fresh and the pasta was delicious. Definitely needed pepper flakes. The squid ink pasta was delicious too. The dessert was probably my favorite. 
Definitely check this place out. The area is filled with great Italian places. (But we met Tan France here!)
Everything here is great, the food, the atmosphere, and the service.

The food is fresh and exceptional.  I've taken the recommendation of the servers each time I've visited.  I joked to one of them that from now on, since everything has been great, that I would let them choose what I would eat.  I wouldn't normally say that in a restaurant but I feel
that strongly about the food here that I would feel comfortable with doing so.

The servers are constantly around and asking if everything is ok.  I'm not sure when I could say consistently that I felt welcomed in a restaurant before.  I've never had an issue with the food yet but I'm pretty confident that if I did these guys would make it right.

I hope these guys keep it going because this is one of my favorite places in Philly.
Dave has out done Himself yet again in the kitchen , the pork chop special was an absolute culinary miracle!! 16 oz perfectly cooked with roasted asparagus and mashed potatoes the sauce had a complex laying of flavors and a Touch of another spice towards the end that I couldn't quite figure out maybe cinnamon in either case the salmon was equally as delicious. One can. Never go wrong here. They treat you like family, the entire staff is extremely attentive it's why I keep coming back to this place kudos to Burrata for making exceptional dining experiences in south philly.
Service wasn't great (I get it, we were outside but maybe check on plus toward the end of the meal or look through the window). It takes a lot for me to even care about service so between that and the waitress being annoyed by our presence... pss.  The food was fine. I'm picky with Italian because a) there are so many great Philly options and b)if I can cook it just as well I don't want to pay $20 for it. Paparadelle was good but the bucatini so badly needed salt and or pepper (no one ever came to check on us after or dishes were served so no real way to remedy). Oh well!
Great meal and service. My husband and I split the Beef Carpaccio, Burrata, wild boar pasta and scallops. The burrata as fresh and delicious; wild boar pasta was very tasty and could tell the pasta was homemade and the scallops were a nice size, we had 3 and they were also cooked very well and we enjoyed them. Our least favorite was the carpaccio- too much arugula and it was overdressed but everything else was so good, we don't really worry about it. 

The service was great - the host came by almost at every course and ask how it was.  He was very friendly and could tell he cared about our experience. Waiter was also very good. 

Burrata is a great casual neighborhood place with delicious food.
Solid byob Italian place, cute with good service.  Interior is not cramped like at some byobs. Worth trying, perfect for a low key date night or dinner w friends. Ordered the prosciutto and burrata appetizer, ravioli special and pork milanese. Ingredients were fresh and we enjoyed all the flavors. Only comment is that the cut of pork was not as nice/good textured as expected. Tiramisu was nice but a bit dry for my taste.
My wife and I were visiting friends and family from California and stumbled onto this Passsyunk Philadelphia neighborhood gem. 
We were immediately greeted by David, one of the owners, who showed us to our table and explained in detail the specials for the evening. Albi, the other owner was busy busy overseeing the food preparation in the kitchen.
We started with the mussels in a white wine sauce with chorizo and a shrimp and calamari dish in a delicate red sauce. Both were a great way to start the evening.
For the main entrees, I had the linguini amatrigiana which was deliciously prepared with just the right amount of spice.
My wife had the gnocchi prepared in a delicate truffle and mushroom sauce.
We finished our meal with a cannoli and cappuccinos.
Upon our next visit to Philadelphia, we will definitely return to sample what gastronomic delights the chef at Burrata has dreamed up.
.
Grabbed a nice little family dinner here the other night. Must recommend the burrata, if you're a cheese fan. They did a great job plating and the picture does not do it justice. 

The capellini dish was by far my favorite; big recommend. The mussels and branzino was good, least favorite was the boar pappardelle. 

Worth a try for all of it. Recommend.
I ordered takeout on a rainy night. The inside had a handful of tables and a nice quiet, dimly light ambiance. BYOB. I tried the Chicken Milanese which came with a burrata. The chicken was flattened, well seasoned, and topped with tomato/arugula. The burrata did not have that gooey interior I really enjoy. My spouse tried one of the two vegetarian entree options, Garganelli, which was over-salted and overcooked . The cannoli for dessert had a very fluffy ricotta which wasn't as heavy and savory as others we have tried in the city. Overall, it was OK for the total price.
Before it got too cold, my wife and I came to this small quaint byo neighborhood Italian spot for some outdoor dining. The server was incredibly attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. The pasta was fresh and delicious. Even their sauteed spinach has a extra tasty flavor. We really enjoyed everything here. It is also awesome that this place is walking distance from Point Breeze. I def recommend this spot for a date night or small group.
We had a good time at Burrata on a Tuesday night.  The outdoor tables were fairly busy, but we preferred indoors and enjoyed a less-than-mobbed condition in the dining room.  The strongest points were the service and the pleasant atmosphere.  It was a pretty evening in September, so maybe everyone was in an unusually good mood.

The dishes we (four) had that were outstanding were the burrata itself; and the strawberry gelato.  My orecchiette had thin half-slices of sausage and some peas, a little on the firm side.  Good, not great, and a bit dry, but a pasta that could serve as one's entree.  

My wife had scallops ($24), which brought three sea scallops on a bed of risotto in a tray that unfortunately made the dish look a little like a Happy Hour small plate.  She rated it B+.  I didn't taste any of the other two main courses, but neither diner raved about them -- the ravioli and a chicken Milanese.

A special mussels appetizer also fell into the good, not-great category.

As I said, the service was excellent throughout; Burrata is BYOB; and we had an enjoyable dinner, so something was working well there.
Great new BYO in South Philly. This place has a small but flavor packed menu with options to please a crowd. Everything was house made and unique. Favorites included the pasta topped with burrata. 

Space is tight so make a reservation! 

Bonus for pregnant folks- all the cheese (including the famous house burrata) is pasteurized!
I highly recommend that diners find another one of the MANY phenomenal Italian restaurants in the Philadelphia area. The restaurant is very small, which, if done the right way could be wonderful. I recently went to Burrata with a group of 6. Upon sitting down we were greeted by a waitress who seemed less than thrilled to be at work let alone serving us. She did not introduce herself and was rather curt every time she came to our table. The restaurant is BYOB so our group brought some wine to share with dinner. Appetizers came out and they were nothing to write home about. The seafood stufato came out room temperature and is served in a very sweet tomato sauce. The dish was "okay" at best. We also ordered the Burrata appetizer - the only good thing in the menu and with a restaurant named after the cheese it better be good. While our waitress was maneuvering around the table trying to collect our plates she seemed angry that we were helping her by handing her our dishes we were finished with. There were a lot on the table in a very crowded place and we wanted to make it easier on her. Again, trying to do it all on her own she knocked over a FULL glass of red wine all down the front of my expensive dress. Embarrassed in front of my group of friends I jumped up and she rushed over trying to wipe my dress off and it was literally dripping wine. It went all over my dress, shoes, purse, jacket, etc. In all of this time, we NEVER saw the manager. He did not come out to speak with me nor apologize. When we got our bill, they did not even comp my meal. In shock, and still wet, I asked them what I was going to do about my ruined expensive dress and they told me "you can leave it here and we will dry clean it and you can come pick it up another day". What did they expect me to walk out in?! Then they took my meal off the bill but despite asking several times for the manager he still did not come up to our table. Finally when we saw him and tried to speak to him he referred to me as "yo girl", spoke over me, and told our group to "get out" before we paid. He then continued to follow us down the block in Philadelphia as we walked out. What a way to run a business!! Overall - the food is not worth it and the way the establishment is run is ATROCIOUS! Please do yourself a favor and find one of the MANY other phenomenal Italian restaurants in Philadelphia - this one is NOT it!!!
Great food, authentic Italian. Small family owned place with a very nice atmosphere. My husband had the Pork Chop and I had the Sea Bass. Bth were great
.
My favorite restaurant in Philly. I can't say enough nice things about this place. Great food, kind servers, and it's BYOB! Get the gnocchi.
Though I was tired from a long day of work, I was peer-pressured into heading towards Philly's gem for high quality restaurants: South Philadelphia.

While Im not the biggest Italian fan out there, the staff and the food transformed Italian Cuisine into an artistry. I wouldn't be surprised if God himself blessed me by making the meal. You may not think it would be amazing, with its small menu and location on a suburban corner, but it turns out to be one of the strongest restaurants I've ever experienced for an extremely affordable price.
 
Inside this quaint, cozy establishment lies a kind and caring staff, attentive to every detail in our meal and in their service.

Beyond just being timely with treating us at our table, they truly cared about the food they served. When my meal came, the waiter asked us whether we wanted cheese and pepper flakes on our plate. Soon enough, he delicately added it with a spoon. Tap, tap, tap. With each sprinkle, I felt as if it was love he was truly pouring onto the pasta. 

Now, the meal itself. Gnocchi and Seafood Stufato.The bread had a nice crunchy flavor and was well-made, filling me up after the second serving. The sauce in the stufato had a flourish of spice that what entrenched in the flavor of the calamari and shrimp. But the masterpiece: Gnocchi. My mind flew around the world as I tasted the truffle mixed with the spinach-infused gnocchi with mushroom and cheese. Within 5 minutes (I actually checked the time between me taking a photo and eating), I found myself licking my fork and scraping the plate to get the taste again. My mouth, salivating for more, kept telling me: "I'll be back or else I'll be making the worst mistake of my life." I cannot tell you have difficult it would be to describe how beautiful this dish was - Shakespeare would even be loss of the right words.

Come here. I swear it'll be worth it.
Oh my mama mia!   Italian food on a large pallet and a small boutique scale.   This restaurant does Italian fresh and right.  The daily special was shrimp and crab in a tomato-cream (yes there was an Italian word I should have inserted) sauce on hand crafted fresh fusilli. YUM!   My date had a fresh pasta bolognese.  YUM YUM!   The fresh and creamy Cannoli topped off a wonderful meal!
Go and get a bottle of wine or your favorite beer BEFOREHAND since it is BYOB!  They do have wine cooler buckets and corkscrews.
Came here with my husband for our anniversary dinner and was blown away by the gnocchi. It was just... wow. Everything about the dish was perfect. The pillowy gnocchi literally melts in your mouth. It was bathed in the most perfect, truffle cream sauce and the porcini mushrooms elevated the flavors to another level. The crushed walnuts gave the dish a nice texture contrast as well. I can't remember having an Italian dish this good since my trip to Italy. We also ordered the burrata appetizer, fusilli pasta with shrimp and crab, and the barramundi (the later two were the specials of the night). My husband thoroughly enjoyed everything. I personally could not get over the gnocchi. Get the gnocchi when you're here.
This is a great, locally owned restaurant in Passyunk Square. The location, across from Columbus Square Park, is great and so is the food. The outdoor seating is best on a cool evening, and they also have indoor seating available. The pasta, which they make themselves, is delicious. I love the papardelle, but have tried some of the other pasta dishes and would also recommend. The service is always efficient and friendly. The owner is often there helping with service himself. You can't go wrong with Burrata for Italian food, whether it's a date night, family dinner, or an outing with friends. Try the desserts as well. They tend to have a nice selection.
My partner and I went for a lovely dinner this evening for our anniversary. It was wonderful. The food was amazing, the service was attentive, and the tiramisu was divine. They also did a great job of social distancing within the restaurant while still maintaining an inviting atmosphere. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to friends and family for good quality Italian food.
-What you need to know in a sentence: A small classy Italian joint that feels quite homey (maybe it was the candle, maybe it was the size of the restaurant).
-Ambiance in threeish words: a light minimalistic dining room with 30 other people. 
-Treated like: normal nice.
-Must try: squid pasta, the black noodles and fresh sauce are a great combo.
-Other random tidbits: BYOB- liquor stores within a 5-8 minute walk
This place is top notch. My wife and I shared the wild boar ragu and the mushroom gnocchi, and whoa... The gnocchi was like cream covered pillows, rich, nutty, umami bomb, every bite was better than the one before. I can't recommend the gnocchi enough. Not to be out done, the ragu was delicious. I'm still thinking of that meal, can't wait to go back. 
They're also BYO.
The food , service & hands on ownership was off the charts . I had the pork chop & my wife had the gnocchi . Both of these entrees were excellent as were the apps we had ( Burrata with prosciutto & beet salad ) . This was our first time here but it won't be our last .
I ate at Burrata Saturday night with my wife and friends. Our reservation was for 5. We arrived on time and were seated promptly. Burrata is a small neighborhood Italian BYOB. The restaurant looks new and modern. The staff were very attentive and friendly.

The food is delicious. It is so good that I would go out of my way to come back here to eat. Everything we ate was delicious. I had the special grilled octopus for an appetizer. The octopus was seasoned and cooked perfectly. For my entree I had the special, pasta and shrimp and crabmeat. The homemade pasta was light and cooked perfectly. The pasta melted in your mouth.  My wife had the mozzarella, red pepper, and prosciutto appetizer. The mozzarella was amazing. She had pasta for dinner which she said was really good. For dessert we shared a cannoli and cappuccino. If your in south Philly stop at Burrata for dinner. You won't be disappointed.
There are so many great Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, so I'd just move along from this one. There were four of us and the best meals were just okay (gnocchi and a fettuccine special). The other two were not very good.

Our waitress was not pleasant and made us uncomfortable multiple times. She made us feel like we were an inconvenience for her and we saw her roll her eyes and say something under her breath at our request two times. For instance, when we asked to split the check evenly across two credit cards. I feel like that is fairly standard for two couples having dinner. We won't be back.
What a great new gem  recently opened in South Philly!! Burrata hands down  is my new favorite place! 
I love Italian food but it's always the same at Italian restaurants: 10 page menu with 50 different pastas that essentially are the same. Burrata is like a breath of fresh air when it comes down to Italian food. It was 5 of us at the table and for the first time it didn't take us 25 mins to figure out what we wanted, everyone found something to their liking almost right away. 
For an appetizer I ordered  "Burrata" ( I just had to get it) and for the main dish I chose Lamb chops. 
Burrata appetizer  is such a great combination of different flavors and textures, the fig balsamic ( if not mistaken) drizzle was amazing!!! So simple but yet so good! 
Lamb chops -were the best lamb chops that I've ever had. So much flavor and so juicy!! And that kale garnish that came with lamb chops was just something that you don't expect to taste this good! 
Great service, everything was on time and I don't know who is the chef but he sure knows what he is doing. 
I can't wait to come back and try everything that's on the menu!!
We have been wanting to try this place for quite some time as we always walk past and see how busy it always is! It did not disappoint. Super cute spot for a BYOB date night or night out with friends. Limited menu, but food was delicious. Service was great. I would highly recommend. We will definitely come back again!
AMAZING experience. We usually do not go out for Italian food. It's not something we crave on a regular. But this place was amazing from start to finish. The atmosphere is cozy and comfortable. The food was phenomenal. All fresh ingredients and the service was wonderful.
Opening Day - huge success at Burrata. Great food, beautiful and yet comfortable space. The owners made us feel special. Had the signature Burrata, grilled octopus, roasted beets, scallop risotto, pesto bucatini and key lime pie. Would have it all again but there are other menu items to try next visit. Good vibe the entire evening as they filled up inside and out. Don't walk, run to Burrata in South Philly.
Food was phenomenal, and portions were well sized. The gnocchi is to die for. It's BYOB, which keeps the price down. The restaurant is really small, so make a reservation, but it's worth a wait.
I went to Burrata for dinner on a weekday and would definitely go back again! However, it took us about 30 minutes to find street parking, because there were so limited spots. The restaurant was kind enough to let us keep our table even though we were so late looking for parking. The restaurant was small had a very cozy homey ambiance. We ordered right away and got these appetizers: Mussels, Roasted Beets, Special cheese board w/Burrata of the day. We got these entrees: Potato Gnocchi, Bucatini, Pappardelle. All of these dishes were delicious. The ones we would definitely get again are the mussels (broth was amazing!!), potato gnocchi (get another pasta to balance it out) and the pappardelle. The dinner cost was so reasonable for all of the delicious dishes we ordered!
I have eaten a few times at this new restaurant that opened in the our neighborhood in May 2018 and am unequivocally happy with it.  I'm not shy about accepting a taste of my companions' food and as such have tried a majority of the menu.  I like the more compact menu, and the fact that they are focused on making high quality dishes.  The specials that I have tried have all been very good, focusing on showcasing fresh ingredients.

Everything we have had has been very good, with the octopus, artichokes and mussels  from the starters menu as favorites, as well as the pappardelle, buccatini and fish among the pastas and main courses.   

Service has been done right in my visits to Burrata, both friendly and attentive, as have the owners, who are a presence in the neighborhood and take a great deal of pride in the restaurant and the neighborhood (examples - they fixed the sidewalk around their building before opening and hosted a cookout for the neighborhood in the park on the 4th of July).  I'm looking forward to brunch service in the fall and am thrilled to have such a vibrant restaurant in the neighborhood.
Despite being newer to the Philly restaurant scene, Burrata has already proven itself to not only fit right in, but also stand out from other local restaurants. From the delicious menu, quality ingredients, and spotlessly clean kitchen and dining area, to the attentive and friendly staff, your experience at Burrata is bound to be truly amazing. Personally, I have enjoyed many dinners at Burrata and I have never been disappointed. In fact, I was recently there celebrating my mom's birthday. My entire family had a wonderful time and could not have asked for a better evening. What has made my experiences at Burrata even more meaningful are its owners, Dave and Albi, who are so friendly and welcoming and make a great deal of effort to connect with their customers. The pride they take in their restaurant and the customers they serve is obvious from the minute you walk in the door. You truly feel at home when dining at Burrata. I highly recommend it!!!
Great food, friendly service, nice atmosphere. BYOB is a plus. Will be back, and will recommend to others.
We are always looking for a new BYOB spot, and this place did not disappoint!  Our reservation was for 6:30PM and our party of 7 were seated right away. Appetizers came out promptly!  The mussels with chorizo and white wine sauce is a must!  Other people ordered the beet salad and the burrata app with prosciutto and balsamic.  Judging by their empty plates, those were good as well.  Staff were super friendly, and frequently checked on our table (refreshed our water, offered us more bread, etc).  It was a busy Sunday night, but I was really impressed with how accommodating they were to the kids (and one infant!).  Kid's pasta dishes came out right away.  For the rest of us, the wait for our entrees was a tad long, but I can understand given how busy they were.  I got the Pasta Special, Linguini with mussels and shrimp.  Portion size was great, and they did not skimp on the seafood!  For dessert, we ordered the ricotta cheesecake (sublime!) and people shared the gigantic portion of chocolate gelato (we ordered two, but one would have been plenty).  Overall, we had a great experience and look forward to going back!
Ordered: Burrata, Potato Gnocchi, Capellini, Lemon Sorbet, and Creme Brûlée

Brought my two friends from out of town to this place, since they wanted to try authentic Italian food. Haven't been here, but heard they make their pasta fresh! Also found out this place is BYOB, so definitely bring your own wine if you do plan on having dinner here!

We first started with the Burrata as an appetizer, and the cheese was glorious! Then I had the Potato Gnocchi because I've been craving for some ever since I had some in Rome earlier this year. I'm a big sucker for mushroom, so when I saw they also add mushrooms to their Potato Gnocchi, it 100% won me over. My friends ordered the Capellini and they loved it! I had a bite and I would highly recommend it too! Their pasta was so fresh and al dente, like how it is in Italy. Then for dessert I ordered the Lemon Sorbet to cleanse my pallet, while my friends ordered the Creme Brûlée. No disappointments once again! 

I highly recommend this place if you want authentic Italian food in Philly! The service was great! 100% would come again!
Burrata was fantastic. Food was wonderful, from the appetizers to the mains, every dish tasted great. Service was a tad slow but it was a busy Saturday night. Great ambiance and even a few little outdoor tables for nice weather evenings.
I was so pleased by my experience at Burrata. The atmosphere and service were exceptional! Most importantly, the food was AMAZING!! We tried over half of the menu yet I couldn't pick a favorite because they were all so tasty. I definitely recommend getting an order of burrata because how could you not?! They also were so great about my friends birthday, we ordered a slice of cake and a cannoli and they served it with a candle!! Great experience and cannot wait to go back.
My wife and I had an awesome dinner here. The staff was extremely friendly and the food was excellent. We highly recommend Burrata and will be  back again!
Went here with some colleagues and it was spectacular!  We ordered the burrata, gnocchi, raviolis, artichokes and we shared the lamb and salmon and finished with cannolis and tiramisu.  The gnocchi, burrata and lamb were the favorites, but everything was delicious.  
My only advice if you go here- bring good wine and save room for dessert!
Small hole in the wall nondescript local eatery with a knack for creating delicious authentic Italian fare while at the same time offering outstanding service. A must try destination if you are interested in tickling your taste buds. Our party had the seafood stufato and grilled octopus for appetizers. Both of which were tasty and satisfying. We had 3 different entrées, 2 types of fish with our branzino, salmon and sea bass. Both were expertly prepared and paired with some of the most flavorful risotto we have ever experienced. For dessert the tiramisu was simply amazing and the lemon sorbet was also amazing and served in an actual lemon. We capped off the experience with a few cappacinos and bid farewell until our next visit which hopefully will be sooner rather than later. Do yourself a huge favor and make plans to visit as soon as possible, it might just be the most satisfying dining experience you have all year!
This had to be one of the best Italian meals I've ever had in my life. (If you tell my off-the-boat Italian grandmother that I said that, I'll deny everything). The food was just fabulous. A table of four we split a few apps and entrees and oh. my. god. Can I eat here every night? Can I live here? Is this what people talk about when they say they've found 'the one'?? Can I marry the scallops? When I die, bury me with the gnocchi. And when I forgot my credit card (because as if it wasn't already amazing it's also a BYOB and I might have had a glass ... or eight) THE WAITER CHASED ME DOWN THE ROAD WITH IT. Like a heckin' prince. 27/10 stars. Would nom here again.
I recently had dinner here with a small group and had a terrible experience. With the exception of the burrata appetizer, which was good, no one in my party liked any of the food they ordered. We got the seafood appetizer and three of the five pastas, all of which were overcooked and oversalted, and the chicken entree which was way too dry. On top of that, the waitress and manager were extremely rude and unprofessional and made for an uncomfortable and unpleasant night. There are so many great Italian BYO restaurants in South Philly and the rest of the city. This is not one of them.
Just a lovely and delicious neighborhood spot.   Classic and delicious Italian food with little surprises to keep in interesting.   Cozy BYOB.
First time here - love the short simple menu; there were a few specials to consider also. Everything we ordered was very good. Some of the best prepared salmon I have ever had...perfect crispy skin. The salmon alone would be worth coming back for again. Also had the seafood stew which was excellent with very tender squid and subtle delicious sauce. Espresso and cappuccino were also some of the best we have ever had. Forgot to add their signature Burrata was also very good.
The food was 4.5 . Delicious. The service was 2 stars. Slow.  Following appetizers, it took an hour before we got our entrees. And once received, we were never checked in on again--not even for water refills. In total, 2.25 hours from seating to being asked about desserts, which all declined because no one wanted to continue sitting for another 45 minutes...waiting. BTW, it appeared to be an evening of moderate business.
Omg had a great meal here! I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday. The place was very small, but in a good way. I would definitely make a reservation if you're going (I don't know if they require them), and you should be good to go. Very intimate setting. It was super nice and very simplistic. The menu was one page with a couple appetizers, a couple entrées, and a couple desserts, but we still had a super hard time deciding what to eat because everything sounded so good. I ended up getting the gnocchi and it was seriously amazing! I thought that the portion sizes could have been a little bigger for what you were paying, but in terms of the amount to eat, was good enough to fill me up without over-stuffing. If you're looking for a good date night or a good Italian meal in general, definitely check it out.
Can't say enough amazing things about our dinner at Burrata. Probably one of my favorite meals in a while! Perfect space for a date night. Our server was incredible! The food was amazing and service was on point for the entire evening. We enjoyed the burrata, the pasta special, the steak and the cannoli for dessert.  Can't wait to come back.
Chose this place based on reviews and was not disappointed. Great and quick service. Food was top notch, delicious!. I have zero negative things to say about this amazingly cozy restaurant. Thank you to owner and staff!
The food was not very good here the bread is in pieces and it looks like you ate from somebody else's bread basket they pulled off of another table. Forgot the Salt!!!!!
Excellent food at this charming BYOB. The boar pappardelle and potato gnocchi were excellent. Flavors were perfect. The pork chop, lamb shank and branzino were cooked to perfection. The pork chop was especially delicious. Will be back.
Excellent service, flavorful food, and comfortable ambiance is to be expected at Burrata. Bucatini pasta with arugula pesto is fantastic. Here they treat you like family. What a great addition to the neighborhood.
Burrata is a hidden gem, in the heart of Passyunk Square.

This is not  your  average neighborhood italian restaurant!

I wandered in with two friends on a Sunday night, and was immediately greeted by the friendly staff and incredible aroma of roasting chicken. The restaurant was filling up quickly (it was almost 7:30 pm) but we managed to snag a table.

I had the Capellini (sun-dried tomatoes, spinach, shrimp) - yum!
Myself and six others went to this restaurant on Saturday and loved it! The food and service were excellent! I'm a gnocci lover and let me highly suggest if you are too that you order them. Light, delicious and full of flavor are the best way to describe them. Everyone enjoyed their meal as well as the appetizers and dessert which were equally delicious. We all can't wait to go back and try more!
The food is really good, just like most restaurants you have to know what to order. The sauteed calamari and caesar salad are two items I will crave again. Our porkchop came out dry and over cooked, but I still rate this restaurant 5 stars because of how the restaurant dealt with it. We didn't come out and say anything and yet they said is everything okay because they noticed a lot left on the plate. They didn't make us feel weird or awkward they also took it off the check! Great service that believe me you do not see much of any more! Food is delicious and its so cozy in there. Love it!
Birthday dinner this summer. Good service, good food, BYO. Solid entree's and apps, Nothing stood out for us, and a couple dishes were too salty. Still, we would go back.
My group of 4 thoroughly enjoyed our meal at Burrata. It's BYO which is a huge money saver. The service was attentive and we never felt rushed even though the seating is limited and we were there for an extended period of time catching up.

We opted to start with the burrata figuring it had to be good if the restaurant was named after it. The dish was tasty, served with prosciutto and fig balsamic, but when split 4 ways was only a bite or two. We also shared the antipasto with grilled vegetables and olives. Bread was served complementary with olive oil. 

I had the capellini pasta as my entree with sun dried tomatoes, spinach, pistachios, and shrimp in a cream sauce. I asked for a side of the blush sauce after trying it which completely enhanced the dish. The cream sauce was good but lacked flavor in comparison to the blush sauce. My friends enjoyed the butternut squash ravioli and the mushroom gnocchi. There were a few entree additions being offered on the Friday night we were there. 

For dessert we shared the creme brûlée and cannoli. The creme brûlée was a bigger hit though both plates were polished. 

Now that I know Burrata can deliver a solid Italian meal in the city I will most certainly return.
This place is AMAZING. My friends took me here for a belated birthday dinner. BYOB. Portions are great. Highly recommend the lamb entree !!
What a Cute neighborhood restuarant ! Good value for the quality of the dishes and the service was friendly and very welcoming ... if it's cold be ready to wear a jacket if your sitting next to the door ( they have a small heater at the door but doesn't really do much ) and if your salt sensitive ... let the server know ... they do like their salt ... aside from that we will definitely return and enjoy the great food and service .
It is true what "they" say! Burrata is truly one of South Philly's newest and finest BYO Italian joints! I ordered the burrata (obviously), the bucatini with arugula pesto,  asparagus and burrata. Also chose the pappardelle, which was porcini crusted, with wild boar ragu, and pecorino, of course. 

This establishment is solid - more modern vibes and decor than your other Philly Italian BYOs, and the food to match! Plus, it's on Passyunk - could you pick a better location! 

RECOMMENDATION: GO.  Great date spot as well.
I have said this before and I'll say it again.. I usually do not go out for Italian food but I'm SOOO glad I tried Burrata. This is a small neighborhood BYOB Italian spot so on a Friday it was pretty busy. We had a reservation and were politely pointed to our table. Someone immediately(!) took our wine and brought it to us in an ice bucket, and our server came over. The menu is not huge here; however, they definitely offered an extra pasta and entree special. 

We decided to go with some more classic things though, of course the Burrata. This was a huge chunk of soft delicious burrata - drizzled with balsamic and surrounded by prosciutto. Such a good way to start the meal on top of some crisp bread. 

For entrees, we had the squid ink fettuccine with shrimp and the truffle gnocchi. Both were incredible! I'd actually suggest sharing these again bc the gnocchi is RICH and so savory with the truffle. Eating the gnocchi was like eating little fluffy delightful pillows. But I think a whole plate of it may have been overwhelming for me. The squid ink fettuccine helped balance that out and was a sight to see of course. Served with a light tangy tomato sauce that was tasty and refreshing. I was a bit unsure of the squid ink. But it didn't alter the dish too much except for the color (some may be disappointed about that, others relieved!!!) I will definitely return here
Food was very bland. Octopus tentacle tasted completely unseasoned; really could have used some lemon and aromatics. It was chewy salty mass. Burrata was pretty good. Branzino special was extremely bland tasted like a tilapia. This place needs to get their  basics down and churn out food that tastes better than something I could whip up at home in an hour or two
Absolutely amazing from start to finish. Burrata is definitely now at the top of my list for Italian restaurants in the city. We got the mussels appetizer, fusili amatraciana, and garganelli puttanesca. Everything tasted so fresh. The menu was small but had everything you could want. BYOB to top it off. Definitely give this place a try if you're looking for non fussy delicious Italian food.
Delightful little South Philadelphia Italian BYOB! Philly has so many of these wonderful places that sometimes it's a little difficult to distinguish tiers of excellence. All I would say is that it's small sweet cute with delicious food excellent service and we thoroughly enjoyed our meal, and look forward to returning!
Amazing food & amazing service. Highly recommend and will definitely be back! They're also a BYOB which is another plus!
I'm going to be honest this was just an ok dinner for me. I had been wanting to try it for awhile. We had reservations to go earlier this year. The restaurant called the day before to confirm, and I specifically asked what would happen to our outdoor table if it rains? The man clearly answer my question by responding that they would call and cancel our reservation if  they couldnt move the table inside. Ok. Day of, no call, so we show up thinking they had space inside. You know where this story is going. They, of course they didn't, have indoor space. They said no one told me what they told me on the phone the day prior. Ok lol. They were kinda rude about the mix up frankly, but it was my friends birthday and I didn't want to make it a thing so we just went to L'Amina instead as they had availability. We will have to try again with Burrata I guess. 

Even with that experience, I did want to try it, so last night we finally go back. Despite no chance of rain, I booked a table inside just to be extraaaa safe. The server was nice, everything was clean. They were all pretty good about COVID19 precautions with masks and sanitizer etc. Only one bathroom for the whole restaurant which can get a little backed up with a line tho. 

In fairness, I only tried a few of their dishes. Mussels special to start, lobster rav for entree, and creme brulee for dessert. They were all really flat. Mussles in white sauce is like my favorite app, and it was really bland broth. The lobster rav was ok, but the sauce wasn't my favorite. The creme brulee was good. 

This spot is between a 2 and 3 star for me. Because of the mix up I'd give it a 2, but I know that is a one-off instance, but a 3 for the experience yesterday.
YUM! Great Italian in South Philadelphia. The staff and manager were great, felt like they were waiting on just us and gave us a lot of attention. Got the special grilled octopus, and the two mains my friend and I got were the scallops and pappardelle. Yummy wine as well (: Will definitely be going back!!!
One my of my favorite date night/byob/Italian places in the city. Cozy and intimate vibes. Food is homemade, fresh, and local. I always recommend ordering the Burrata and whatever is the chef's special of the night but you can also never go wrong with the lobster and crab ravioli!
Burrata checks off all the boxes I generally seek in an intimate dining experience. Dimly lit, corner block establishment, with limited seating and the open kitchen concept that I embrace. Make a reservation - basically all parties without were apologetically turned away.

Simple menu with a couple of options for each course, and then a few evening specials. My girlfriend and I ordered the veal/pork/beef blend meatballs and the burrata (served with shaved prosciutto) to start. Both amazing and characteristic of true Italian comfort food.

We initially ordered the potato gnocchi and a second dish. Unfortunately, we experienced a bit of a hiccup with the second entree, however our server was quick to offer up an alternate option. Both the gnocchi, prepared with mushrooms and truffle oil; and the spaghetti, served in a gorgonzola cream sauce and topped with spicy sausage, zucchini strands, and red bell pepper; were sinfully good.

Finally, as alluded above, the service was impeccable. I appreciate the subtle details, like when a restaurant switches out your silverware for the second course, or having your water glass refilled without even making eye contact. Our server also offered to refrigerate my spare  Coronas which I graciously accepted.

I worry this place will soon become impossible to reserve, so get here sooner rather than later! Only a few blocks walk from the Ellsworth Federal stop on the Broad St line.
Burrata is a gorgeous small restaurant in South Philadelphia. The man in front of the house was very inviting, accommodating, and knowledgeable.

The menu had so much to offer and the specials sounded amazing. They had artichoke heart, a Diablo seafood pasta, and some sort of fish in addition to the menu. 

I had to order the Burrata because if that's their name I must try! It was very fresh with sautéed peppers and balsamic glaze. It's a simple but delicious. 

The orecchiette had sausage, peas, sundries tomatoes and a light cream. Just the right amount of everything! 

The Risotto was paired with saffron and was super creamy! The scallops were cooked to perfection with a great sear and flavor that would melt in your mouth! 

The tiramisu was ordered to take home and was amazing! Enough cream to coffee ratio and very enjoyable!
Some of my foodie friends were in town so after scouring the Internet we landed on Burrata. A small spot, but what it lacks in size it makes up for in flavor. It was a Thursday night and this place was filled to the brim. (Always a good sign)  

In typical us fashion... we had to order a ton of food, and everything was great. Started with a few apps including Seafood Stufato, Burrata (have to try the app sharing the same name as the restaurant) and some octopus. Chefs kiss on all of these. You can't go wrong. For main courses we all ordered some different to share. Family style. I went with the fettuccine but I cannot lie, I got a hefty sampling of my friends ravioli. 

I could talk about the food for a while but my absolute favorite part was the staff. Our waitress made us feel very welcomed and offered great advice on selecting meals (even with my indecisiveness). She was a pro wizzing around our section attending to guests.
Burrata has been on my list to check out since it moved into the neighborhood. My boyfriend and I finally got around to making a reservation last night, and while I wasn't completely blown away, it's still a pretty solid option for Italian.

As other reviewers have echoed: it's small. Like most good BYOs in South Philly, you'll be getting pretty cozy with other diners. And the noise level was tough at points - I definitely had to project a bit more in conversation - but this got easier as the bottle of red kept flowing :)

The bread was not fantastic. I prefer a rustic, crusty bread - what we got was closer to thin slices of toast.

But the food! The gnocchi with mushrooms and walnuts was so decadent and pillowy, and I could've licked the truffle cream sauce from the plate. Our entrees - the NY Strip for my boo, and the branzino for me - were perfect examples of basics done outstandingly. Both were served with a humble side of greens and crispy fingerling potatoes: a simple meal done so well.

The reason for the docked star? The simplicity of the entrees made it hard not to say "we definitely could have prepared that at home" after seeing the bill. But hey, don't let me be a curmudgeon here - it's fun to go out! 

If you're looking for inventive and creative Italian, Burrata is not your spot. But if you're looking for hearty staples done right, come check it out.
