Cool fast-casual "Taiwanese street food" spot from Andy Tessier & Judy Ni (the charming husband and wife duo formerly at one of Philly's all-time best restaurants, The Farm & Fisherman, where Judy was front-of-house and Andy was Sous Chef).

Ordering is quick and easy using several mounted iPads (and Judy, one of the nicest hostesses you'll ever meet, is right there to make sure there are no snafus).

The space is attractive, casual and modern, with plenty of booth seating.  I think there is also outside seating as well, although that may be for use by any restaurant in that building, I don't know.

Although it's been a while since I visited (Sept 2017, to be specific...I'm way behind on reviews lol), I remember everything being really tasty and clearly made with care and quality ingredients.  I remember particularly liking the ruen bing (sort of a Taiwanese burrito).  Apparently the food is inspired by Judy's upbringing in Taiwan.  And Andy is a seriously talented fine dining chef, who I can't imagine cutting corners no matter how casual the cuisine is.  The housemade hot sauce was excellent.

If I worked nearby, I'd be a regular lunchtime customer.  With the new Comcast building, I imagine this will be super popular with the lunchtime work crowd.

Or ask them if they permit byob?  A few "beers and bao" after work would be awesome!
It's baologically impossible not to like this place. They're still in soft (just like their buns) opening and working out some kinks (wait for food is longer than average and they're still perfecting their hot sauce recipe) but they are super friendly, food is good, it's a different take on Asian fast-casual than the ubiquitous stir frys and sushi burritos, prices are reasonable, the space is bright, the ceilings are high and there's lots of seating (inside and outside!)  You order at the front on iPads like at Wawa and they call your name when your food is ready.

Here's what I ate:

Pork and Shrimp Dumplings- crispy, round, delicious and full of flavor. We split 6 for 2 and they threw in some extra for the long wait time.

Ruen bing with beef- reminds me of my Dad's poh piah, mini burrito with carrots, cabbage, hoisin. Big enough for a snack but not a meal. We had then cut this in half.

Pork belly bao-  Big chunk of meat and good flavor. Not cute to eat in front of others. You'll be a crunchy peanut mess but it'll be worth it.

Hibiscus iced tea was perfectly refreshing for a hot day! There is also a cucumber salad and pickled veggies or you can get your bun wrapped in lettuce if you're feeling healthy.

My only critique is I feel like there should be some sort of combo meal (maybe a Ruen bing or bao bun with 3 dumplings and side salad, and drink?) We weren't sure how much was the right amount of food (1 bun, half ruen bing and 3 dumplings was perfect and about $10).

Bao down other Asian fast casual places, there's a new place in town! Will be baock soon.
Came here for lunch today and was impressed by how authentic everything tasted! It's located right under the Sterling apartments on 19th and JFK, and a true hidden gem for those who work in One and Two Commerce Square (and surrounding buildings) looking to grab a quick bite. 

It's fast casual style: there's three iPads where you can input your order and I love that there's pictures associated with each menu item. There's outdoor seating as well, in a shaded area, and perfect on a day with good weather. 

In terms of the food, the bao bun was just the right amount of fluffiness and held up well against the toppings inside. It's a good ratio of carb to meat/veggies, but I would like just a tad more sauce on each. My favorite was between the fried chicken and the pork belly. If you haven't had Taiwanese fried chicken before, it's different from American fried chicken in that it's seasoned differently and uses the dark meat of the chicken so it's more savory. I highly recommend it! The pork belly was a little hard to eat but so tender and flavorful. 

I ate three baos and was not quite full (each is probably about three inches in diameter). It's not bad per se at $11.11 for the trio combo but note that it's not super filling.
Baology first had me at bao! But when it added in tantalizing subject matter like Taiwanese fried chicken and all those dumplings it quickly became my kind of science!

At its core Baology is modern Taiwanese food with a splash of other Asian influences served simple. Depending on what time you come, the tablet POS system up front will showcase a menu for breakfast, lunch or dinner, And depending on when you come in you might find noodle dishes, bento box style bian dangs, incredible ruen bing wraps, or a good sized helping of 3 cup chicken. But for whatever occasion you come in, you might want to wash your food down with their cold brewed hibiscus and ginger tea.

For my first visit I was craving those baos, and ordered in a trio. Making the mistake of thinking it wasn't enough food I also ordered some shrimp & pork dumplings which were a sweet and savory explosion! With 5 baos on the menu it was tricky to choose at first, but I enjoyed the following:

King oyster mushroom bao - the vegetarian bao on the menu and its incredible with its pickled mustard greens, crispy garlic, and hoisin sauce that blends impressively with the mushroom king.

Roasted Berkshire pork belly bao - the fatty and tender pork belly gets accentuated by togarashi aioli, pickled daikon radish, cilantro, and crushed peanut powder!

Taiwanese fried chicken bao - the perfect preview to their fried chicken reigns supreme with lemon aioli and Thai basil!

After enjoying the bao I had to try more of that fried chicken, and it proved to be crispy saucy perfection with just a bit of spice. With two good visits under my belt its enough to have me craving more!
This is a delightful restaurant. We ordered two fried chicken baos, two kinds of dumplings, and a crispy beef ruen bing. They were all fresh and tasty. Chef/owner Judy Ni greeted us at the door and patiently helped us navigate the iPad menu so that we could enter a food allergy and preference for hoisin sauce. When I asked her how to leave a tip, she explained that tipping is included and that their staff receives benefits. As she put it, "The only tip we want from you is that you return as a customer." We're happy to oblige.
Taiwanese street food is really on a roll ... or maybe I should say on a bao bun!  Places are popping up everywhere but surely one of the best is Baology near Suburban Station in Center City Philly.  It's not totally easy to spot as it is on an elevated arcaded passage but if you have the address, you'll be fine.  You begin by ordering off of a tablet where you can use your credit card to pay.  The street food here is all cooked to order so you will have a little wait before your name is called and your treats await you.  Then you can decide to eat in or take it home.  If you eat in there's house-made chili sauce to try out and also free water.  I began with the pork/shrimp/spinach pot stickers.  I actually thought these were only average but they must have stuck to the pot and lived up to their name as they were a little burnt on the bottom.  The ruen bing (think Taiwanese burrito) was better and the crispy beef filling was ample.  My favorite however was the gwa bao slider.  The short ribs, pickled cucumber, and fried shallots was a very tasty combination.  If you are in the Suburban Station or Comcast Tower vicinity, Baology should def be on your radar screen!
Soft opening review :

Beyond excited that a place like this is opening near my work. Quality options in walking distance of center city are hard to come by, this place fits the bill for proximity.

Customer skills - check! Greeted as soon as I enter despite throngs of people about. Staff is super amiable, informative, repeatedly apologetic on the wait (about fifteen minutes) - a business invested in its clientele and their experience? How refreshing!

The food is on point. For one person an order of potstickers, one Gwa Bao (or more!) and one Ruen Bing should be enough to get you started. I ordered a little bit of everything and also because, I am a glutton. Potstickers (you can do a single, three or six), Gwa Baos, and a Ruen Bing (the heartier, and biggest portion of the three).  

My faves? The chicken and chives potstickers, perfectly crispy pan-fried, tender insides and the Gwa Bao slow cooked delectable short rib in the fluffiest of buns - heaven!  Because the place is still in its soft opening the entire menu isn't currently available, but go there anyway and experience joy. Both in food and for the service that's just so darn nice. A breath of fresh air in more ways than one!

I will be a repeat offender at this place!
I have eaten here twice now and really like it. Both times I walked in and carried out. You order at the computer screen your self and swipe your own payment. Pretty cool technology let you browse the electronic menu on your own then submit your order. 

The food both times has been delicious. I ordered the bao combo boxes both times but with different items inside. The combo box I ordered with dumplings, a bao bun, and a wrap. both the shrimp and pork dumplings are good I prefer the shrimp. The bao buns are my favorite the bun it self is so fluffy and the meat is very tender. I tried the pork belly button which is delicious and my favorite is the beef bun. The wrap is also good I love the peanut sauce inside the wrap gives it a good Asian flavor. 

Tried the hibiscus berry tea it is absolutely delicious. I will come back here again for sure!
Ruen bing: it's really delicious however the shrimp is tough and dry. The wrap is very thin but manages to hold it together. Very flavorful.

Bian dangs: I had the king oyster mushroom. Mushrooms are perfectly cooked and fresh. The forbidden rice is something unique, worth to try. Veggies are perfectly seasoned. Highly recommend.

Potstickers are really small: the chicken is really packed with meat. The veggies kind are good too but I tasted too much peppers. 


Gwa baos: the baos are really soft. I had mine for takeout and upon arriving home the bottom part is really soggy.
You place the order at the touch screen. Make sure you check your order. I accidentally ordered too many bao.

Service needs improvement: the girl who helped me wasn't friendly at all. Very cold service.
Seemless ordering system - think Wawa, but better. Order and pay at the kiosk, then wait a mere seconds for your order to be ready. This is great if you're on lunch hour and need something quick.

The chicken and garlic potstickers are amazing. They come 3 to an order (I think you can also get 6 though). The cucumber salad is refreshing and I enjoyed the bold flavors. I was a bit disappointed with the fried chicken bun though - the chicken had a strange texture and I wouldn't really call it "fried." 

I'll definitely be back to try out some other menu options. Friendly service on top of delicious food - give it a try!
I've had so many disappointing baos all over Philly and so I am so, so thrilled to finally have found baology.

They basically specialize in baos, which is probably why they're so good! It's a super convenient spot to take out lunch, with touch screen ordering and perfect lunch combos.  The bao are really filling and very delicious - when I was here, I got a tempura one, beef, and pork options from the bao trio.  My partner got the oyster mushroom bao (so delicious!) and one of their ruen bings.  The reun bing was really interesting, it was basically a wrap with thin rice paper but filled very heartily with delicious beef. 

The bao filling is super generous and more importantly, the bao wrapper itself is fluffy and the perfect texture.  I was also very impressed that the tempura on my tempura bao was still extremely crispy even after carrying it home and letting it sit for a bit.

I will say the service was alright - we did wait a decent amount for our good and they forgot the iced tea I ordered and so I had to go back and grab it.  But thankfully the food was well worth it.
Mixed feelings about this place. I really wanted to like a Taiwanese place near my apartment but I'm not sure if I would come back unless there was a strong craving. I had the trio buns and chicken and chives dumplings. For the buns I went for fried chicken, beef, and pork belly. Really only the pork belly was good. 

From my least favorite to the best: first, the chicken dumplings were very disappointing. They were dry and didn't taste like anything. Second, the fried chicken bun was also dry and not that flavorful - the only flavor I detected was from the white mayo sauce. Third, the beef was tender and covered these fried crispy chips which were interesting. Fourth, only the pork belly had flavor come out of the bun and this would be the one I'd order again. The whole meal was about $15 which I think is really overpriced for three dumplings and small appetizer sized buns.
I've been coming here since it opened and have yet to be disappointed. I've tried a lot of the menu and all of it is tasty. The only thing I didn't like was the chicken soup. Very bland and a little too oily.

My favorite is the crispy beef ruen bing. It's like a burrito packed with veggies and crispy peanut powder. The powder adds another layer of flavor and texture. All of the gwe baos are good and I go with whatever I'm in the mood for. All are packed with their own flavor and the bun is super soft. If you're not sure what to order I suggest getting the Gwa Bao Trio. It's only $11 and I can't finish it. Also, make sure you get hot sauce. I have a high tolerance and don't think it's that hot.  I'm sure some people would disagree with me though! 

Staff is always super friendly. One of the owners always comes out to greet customers. Ordering is easy with the touch screens and you get your food fairly quickly!
TL,DR: I thought this place was yummy and well priced! I liked the simplicity of the options but the also wide variety of things on the menu. 

I came her for lunch after a suggestion from a friend. We'd had trouble finding a time to come because of the weird hours, but now that they've extended them and made the more consistent it should be easier to come here more often. For lunch, I got the com-bao. Took me a while to get that pun but now that I get it I'm mildly obsessed with it. In the com-bao, you get a choice of potstickers, one bao bun, and one ruenbing. I wanted to try more bao buns so I also got an additional bao bun. I thought this was a good amount of food for a decent price (paid about $15 for everything).
I got the chicken potstickers, they were great! I got both the fried chicken and short rib bao buns, I thought the short rib option was the better of the two (so if you're only getting one, get that one) but they were still both really good. I did not like the ruen bing at all. I opted for the crispy beef option but did not find the beef crispy; there was too much of the cabbage (that I didn't find to taste good); and there was the peanut mixture that tasted fine but it felt like it didn't belong (although I've never had a ruen bing so who am I to say). If I were to go again, I think I'd load up on bao buns and potstickers as those were the tastiest thing on the menu. I ordered a lot so not much more for me to try but also willing to switch it up (I hear the shrimp/fish options for some of these things are great!) 
Service was quick - fast food-esque but trendy and friendly. I'd definitely come here again.
This is a unique place to grab a quick bite to eat. For those of you who fear human interaction, not to fear there are tablets you can use to order and browse the menu. Not an introvert? They have friendly people behind the counter happy to help. I grabbed some awesome Taiwanese chicken wrapped in a soft taco like dough. Super delicious, the chicken was crunchy too. I also grabbed a steak wrap with a vegetable filling. A little too healthy for my taste but their signature hot sauce made up for it. I was very satisfied. 

Cheapskates out there, Baology offers complimentary iced water. They have small cups you can grab but you may want to bring your own bottle to be environmentally friendly. I've got a green thumb and a tight wallet.

Anyways it's convenient to suburban station and the museums on the parkway. It's kind of nice to have an option for food right on JFK that doesn't require a second mortgage or a pound of flesh.
This place is seriously a hidden gem. It's tucked away in a strip mall in the business district of downtown Philadelphia but it's totally worth the trip especially for those of you who are fortunate enough to work close by.

Baology specializes in Taiwanese street food which is uncommon to most Americans. When you think of Asian street food, Taiwanese typically doesn't make it to the top of the list but after trying Baology, it'll make you reconsider the listing with their signature gwa bao and ruen bings. These hand-held delights are packed with flavor and texture. The ruen bing in particular is like an Asian burrito but lighter with soy and seasame flavors. Like dumplings? Try their handmade dumplings with your choice of filling. 

Their menu is completely approachable and easy to order. The location is just a challenge but it's a few doors down from Subway.
Good lunch place.  Very busy and somewhat crowded - that's a good sign.

High point: Ruen Bings - described as Taiwanese wraps and best thing I ate there.  My aunt and I split the shrimp and shredded pork.  She commented that the shrimp tasted less than fresh but I didn't notice.  The shredded pork was very tender, juicy and flavorful.  Well-complimented with a handful of vegetables and peanut powder to amplify the flavors and textures.

In the middle: Gwa Baos - I chose the tempura fish and it came across too much like a Fillet o Fish to be really enjoyable.  Between their breading, how it fried and the sauce - all I could think about was a McFish.  I wish I had chosen something else.

Low point: the dumplings (two varieties) were excessively doughy and not all that flavorful.  I wish I had gone for a second bao instead of adding them to the order.
I've tried a fair variety of baology's dim sum offerings: the pork/shrimp/spinach dumplings, season vegetable dumplings, beef gwa bao, fried chicken gwa bao, and bean curd ruen bing. It was generally good, but nothing quite reached the level of anything exceptional, and a few items left me flat. 

To be fair, the seasonal vegetable dumplings seemed like a gamble to me and I only tried one of my companion's. But it was basically what I had been afraid of - mushroom heavy. I don't like mushrooms, so it's not necessarily a knock on the dumpling quality when I say I didn't like it. The pork & shrimp dumplings, on the other hand, were cripsy on the bottom and juicy and satisfying inside, especially dipped in the hot sauce they come with. 

The gwa baos had the best success rate for me, which is to say I enjoyed both of the ones I tried. These are essentially sliders, not unlike what a lot of ramen spots offer as appetizers. While I'll never stop being annoyed at how aioli has come to dominate the sandwich industry in American restaurants over the last few years, I have to admit that the presence of the garlic aioli on the beef bao in no way hindered my enjoyment of the sandwich. The beef was tender, the crispy shallots added a nice texture, and each bite was flavorful. The fried chicken left less of an impression on me but was good enough that I would maybe try it again.

The biggest miss for me was the ruen bing/wrap. I ordered slightly against type for myself by getting the tofu one rather than one of the non-vegetarian ones, so that probably didn't help my assessment of it. It's hard to imagine shredded pork in there not helping, but the fact is the wrap was a bit bland to me regardless. I'm not a huge fan of the kind of paper-light wrap, and nothing going on inside of it was dynamic enough, texturally or flavorfully, to really win me over. It was an effort to finish.

I thought the highlight of my stop there may actually have been the excellent, friendly service I received, which seemed genuine. For that alone I regret not being able to quite bring myself to give a 4-star rating. Still, I acknowledge that I could have ordered a bit more to my tastes and that Baology offers a non-dim sum menu as well which may be worth exploring. So it's 3 stars for now, but that's tentative and I wouldn't be opposed to a follow-up visit to see if the score comes up.
The food was good but they have to make some serious improvements to their work-flow if they want to claim themselves as a "fast casual" restaurant.  They have these digital counters for taking orders but tickets get to the line 3x faster than they can put out food.  Maybe if they had a single-file line system like Chipotle/Verts/Naf-Naf where people ordered food from prepped wells they would have an easier time serving their customers.  As it stands I had to wait 30 minutes for food which is pretty unacceptable considering what they serve and how they claim to serve it.
Loooooved it. I work a block away and this place is gonna totally revolutionize my 'I forgot to pack lunch' days. 

First of all, I want to point out that while the touch screen order pads are great because they minimize obligatory human interaction, this minimization isn't even necessary here since the staff members are all so dang friendly! 

Second of all, any kind of combo deal always makes my indecisive/fat lil heart sing. 

On my first (but definitely not last) visit, I opted for 3 of the garlic chive and chicken dumplings and the short rib bao (which ran me about 8 bucks- not too bad). Aforementioned friendly staff member made sure to give me a takeaway cup of their homemade hot sauce, too. 

The dumplings were GREAT. They're seared on the bottoms so they get crispy, and the filling was plentiful and flavorful. The bao was also sinfully good- my only wish is that they adjust the bun to filling ratio slightly- there was a liiiiittle too much bunskin left over. (Bunskin, what a gross word).

In closing, I am a big, big fan! Thanks for a delish lunch!
The pork belly buns are delicious! The potstickers were bigger than I thought. The wrap had cabbage in it, so it wasn't my favorite. It's still good! The owner sincerely cares about the food. They use fresh ingredients everyday. The food is unlike Americanized Asian foods you'd normally eat. Basically, don't go in there with expectations of having the usual Taiwanese food you'd normally get. She uses her heritage and modernizes the food. On a side note, their hot sauce is made in the store. Be warned, it's so spicy you can smell it and feel a little tingle in your nose, but so worth it. It was certainly a pleasure eating the food that was made with care.
Soft opening review:

Stopped by this place for lunch today and it was mobbed. They have an interesting selection of gua bao, guo tie, and and run bing. Each food item is around $3 and they also have a few oolong-based iced teas, which are delicious! I ordered the pork gua bao and the spicy bean curd run bing. the run bing was very good (flavors were good, the skin was a bit tough), the gua bao was outstanding. The meat was melt-in-your-mouth succulent and flavorful, the peanut crunch was that perfect mix of sweet and salty, and the bao was fluffy. 

They do still have some kinks to work out. Orders are electronically done on iPads, which is speedy in theory, but the line of people waiting for food ended up mixing with the line of people ordering, which created a bit of confusion. 

The employees there are clearly very well-trained - they were friendly and worked nonstop the entire time I was there, with little to no error. However, while bao are technically a fast food, separately assembling three or four separate bao and placing them in the takeout box takes some time. As a result, the wait (including wait time to order) was about 30-40 minutes, and I saw a bunch of people getting anxious as their lunch hour slowly slipped away.

Baology's soft opening hours are 11-2pm. I'd recommend arriving either between 11-12 or between 1-2pm to avoid the lunch rush (I went at 12:15pm and by 12:50pm, the line had started to thin out). I look forward to coming back, but with how delicious the food was, I think this place will be quite packed for a while!
Finally, a lunch place in Center City that gets me. I got the crispy beef ruen bing, it was fantastic and very satisfying individually as a large snack, paired with an additional bun or menu item would make for a fantastic meal. This looks to be the concept, like fast casual dim sum type of thing - Taiwanese tapas? 2-3 items mixed from the menu will provide a good meal equivalently priced to any other options in the area, only here you will get to have your choice of multiple proteins and dishes (burrito, bao, dumpling). The Crispy beef reun bing was essentially a mini burrito in rice wrapper. Very nicely cooked beef with a light batter/fry with sauteed vegetables(cabbage, carrot, onion I think) in a sweet and savory soy based sauce. It hit all the notes I am looking for. One option that would be nice as an add on would be some sort of cold pickled vegtable to add some acidity, crunch, temp variation. This is just a personal opinion that I would have liked-nit pick, probably not traditional to the dish. Love the concept, well done food, this will now be a major stop in my rotation of Center City lunch eats.
Decently surprised by how good this was. Baology serves Taiwanese street food. They dont Have too many options, which tend to make deciding what to eat overwhelming sometimes. They have baos, rolls, and small entrees. 

The combo options they have allow you to  pick different things at a good price point. Serving size is just right not too much not too little. Great for a workday lunch takeaway
Decent food, but too expensive for a fat casual option.

I ordered one ruben, which was tasty, but for the amount I paid, I would not return; one item was $4. My co-workers got a few items each, and while we were all happy with how the food tasted, agreed that the cost was far too high. They each paid nearly $20 for lunch. While this is expected for a sit-down meal, they barely provide service. There is no one at a cash register; instead, you pay through a tablet on the wall. With these costs cut, I don't understand why this fast casual option is the price that it is.
I came here for lunch and had the fillowing: pork & shrimp potstickers, roasted pork belly, slow cooker short ribs, and the shrimp ring.

I must say I was very excited to go here but the excitement quickly disappeared when I got my food. While staff was extremely pleasant, the food was boring and a little bland. The potstickers were grilled well, but had little meat inside. The bao buns were very thick, which actually took away from the filling inside. The roasted pork belly was tasty, a little too fatty but the slow cooker short rib gwa baos was good. The shrimp ring had more filling than shrimp.

Sad to say but this place will go on my one & done list.
Soft opening review. 

Stopped in for lunch closer to closing time. Ordered: 

pork belly bao - pretty good given the portion and interesting flavor profile. It's literally a thick cut of boiled pork belly so it may not be for everyone. The bao was ok but wish it were warmer.

Taiwanese popcorn chicken bao - fairly authentic flavor. Again, bao was a not warm. 

shrimp and pork dumplings - really good. Not mind blowing but the flavors tasted fresher and healthier compared to Chinatown. 

Chicken dumplings - not bad either. Dipping dumplings in their sauce made ever ything taste better too. 

Crispy beef ruen bing - a miss for me. Stuffed with cabbage and a beef that reminded me of general tso chicken in that corn starch sauce. The wrapper is thin but there is too much wrapper. It's rather difficult to eat and the wrapper didn't add anything for me. I initially thought it was the Peking duck wrap but it's more like the egg roll wrapper. 

Prices are on the higher side given location, trend factor, and what tasted like fresher/healthier ingredients. 

Service was good. Food came up pretty quick, which I think they stream lined dumplings by steaming then first then pan frying to order to keep wait times down.
Nice ambience and good place for quick lunch. I tired chicken potstickers and chicken bao bun. Its small portion so definitely won't say its best for the price of it as I definitely needed more food even after eating this. Its definitely nice to try it once kind of a place. The staff is very helpful. Clean place. Order food on touchpad , pay and wait for your number to be called. Pretty quick so if in rush and looking for a quick bite its perfect!!! 
About the food itself - I really liked potstickers very flavorful with the dipping sauce. Chicken bao bun was okay had to get some hot sauce to give some flavor to it. Although I thought it was a  small portion for the price of it.
Just had lunch here and it was great. I had the chicken and chive pot stickers and the chicken bao bun (I got that after finishing my 1st tray, so it's not pictured.) I also had the Ruen Bing with shrimp. It surprised me how good it was. I could probably eat 2 of those next time. Loved the peanut flavor in it. The only downside was it kind of stuck to the wrapper towards the end of it and I had to hold it together to gobble it down. The chicken bao, in comparison to the Ruen Bing, wasn't as flavorful but still pretty good. I'll have to give the other baos a try next time. 

This is a great find because I was getting tired of the same ol' same ol' for this area. Even though it wound up being a bit expensive for me for lunch ($12), it would be totally worth it if I wanted to forgo Subway, Corner Bakery, or one of the other local chain offerings.
Great restuarant!   Highly recommend for lunch!  Quick service with high quality food.  Hibiscus tea also a must try.
Went there with my husband and 3 kids under age of 8 and I think we ended up trying everything on the menu. My kids loved all of the dumplings, we ordered the 3 flavor combo and they each had their favorites. I personally liked the pork. I ended up having to order more for the kids. I also had to order more cucumbers 'cause my kids really liked them. Bonus stars for making vegetables my kids like to eat!

As for the baos I had the pork belly and the mushroom. So delicious! The flavors in the pork belly bao was right on. I like the thick fatty part of the pork belly. I mean why else would you eat pork belly if you don't like the fatty part! The mushroom bao was surprisingly good. I also had the beef ruen bing, again, really good. Can't decide which I like better, the bao or ruen bing. For a full meal I would suggest getting the dumpling and cucumber sort of like appetizers and 2 baos and a ruen bing as the main.

I also loved how easy it was to place my order and how fast I got my food. Anyway, I can't wait to go back!
Very quick and easy lunch spot, with delicious food in Bao's - a Taiwanese fluffy flour wrap.

Atmosphere: You order on a screen, which is quite quick - the wait for the food was maybe 10 minutes with no line. Relatively empty during a prime lunch time on a weekday. The ceilings are very high, and there is interior seating for around 15 people. Very clean space.

Food: Lunch and dinner offerings differ. I first thought $14 was quite pricey for a Bian Dang (similar to a bento box, with rice, protein, and vegetables) - but they pack a lot of protein in there! They also are quite accommodating, and let me substitute the rice for pickled cabbage.

Overall: 5 / 5 - great option for a quick lunch + a delicious (and filling!) meal.
The chicken and garlic potstickers were super yum! Also enjoyed the fried chicken slider. The shrimp wrap was decent. 

Overall, $12 for lunch not too bad. Find it a little expensive since it doesn't include a drink or chips.

It's different so I'll definitely be back!
Disappointing! The place looked really promising but I felt like the food kind of fell short.

The baos were on the small side. You didn't really get a lot for the value. Fried chicken one tasted okay but the beef one wasn't that great. A bit dry.

Soup was okay. Simple and good if you are sick.

The boba milk tea was absolutely horrible! They added no sweetener and it tasted very watered down. Boba did not taste good either! I threw out my drink when it was half finished and I'm never one to waste boba like that!
I gave this place a few tries. I want to like it, but it just falls short on many things. 
 
The potstickers are delicious, but I got mine to-go and didn't get dipping sauce, which I thought was odd. Maybe I had to ask for it? They were still pretty tasty though. I had a pork belly bun and the dough was mouth-watering good, but the pork belly was super tough - I couldn't even eat it. Isn't pork belly supposed to be soft?!

I don't think I'll be back. Good idea in theory, but their food is seriously lacking.
We ordered the sweet & sour chicken, the chicken dumplings, the chicken bao, the pork bao, & the beef bao. I decided to give this place a shot after seeing multiple "foodies" post about them on Instagram. I regret every calorie I spent on this meal. Pretty much everything was dry & flavorless. I didn't think it was possible for fried chicken drenched in sauce to be flavorless, but it was. They seemed to have put pickled veggies in the same container as the chicken which made the entire thing just taste like vinegar. It was horrendous. The dumplings were the worst dumplings I've ever had in all my life of living. They were dry & tasteless. The fried chicken bao was disgusting. It literally tasted like they plucked leaves off a plant and put it on a bao bun. 

On a positive note, the beef bao & pork bao were the best part of the whole meal, but I will never eat here again & I urge you to find a more authentic, well seasoned meal to spend your calories on. This place is not it & im so tired of people on Instagram promoting businesses with terrible food.
The other day for lunch, i tried the dumpling trio and the crispy beef bing which neither were my cup of tea... shame bc I was super looking forward to it. In baology's defense though, they cater to non traditional Chinese and diverse diners. so for me who is a stuck in my ways, my Chinese palate also seeks a familiarity when I'm told I'm going to eat Chinese food.  Additionally, not going to lie.. $9.99 for 9 dumplings seems a little too much.  They weren't made from premium ingredients! I know I know compared to Starbucks which is now $5 a cup practically, it might not seem so bad... so yea touché! 

I left a little disappointed - confused about I ate ... but I loved the energy in the restaurant and the variety it offers. I can sense the passion of the chef and owner behind the idea of baology and I really admire that.  So who cares what little o me got to say? Don't let anyone stop you baology!
Stars for being somewhat of a unique business for the area and the neat interior, but the gwa baos didn't live up to my expectations. I don't know how else to describe them other than to say they were very mediocre gwa baos.

I didn't realize I was supposed to order at the self-order kiosk and instead went up to the only cashier who was friendly and eager to answer any questions should I have any. The food came out pretty quickly. I ordered a chicken and a pork belly gwa baos. I don't know what exactly I was expecting but the chicken gwa bao came with one, basically small-sized chicken nugget that didn't seemed to have been seasoned at all and was a bit dry. The pork belly gwa bao just didn't stand out in any way.

It wasn't a bad place to try once but once was enough to satiate my curiosity for the place. I definitely recommend at least giving it a try. It's just that the food wasn't memorable (I guess either in a good or bad way) and the hours are inconvenient enough that I probably won't find my way back here.
Yumm! Can't speak to the authenticity of the food, but definitely hit the spot when I was craving some asian noodles/dumplings/food. Kinda pricey for what it is but it might have to do with where it's located. Have been back each time I'm in philly and will probably go back again, great comfort food and the staff has been friendly so far!
This place is absolutely amazing. The food is fresh and full of flavor. I also enjoy the reasonable prices and endless combinations. The staff is friendly and happy to explain any of the dishes. You may even get a little information as to why the "forbidden rice" was forbidden! They expanded the menu and it's even better than it was before. Thanks Baology for making lunchtime fun again!
This is a relatively new restaurant specializing in Bao, pot stickers, and specialized wraps. The bao are really small sandwiches, kind of like a 
Chinese version of a slider.  The bun is a very light and fluffy steamed wheat type of bread. The menu has a selection of these sandwiches, with a typical meal being about three of them. They have different meal combinations where you can get bao, potstickers and wraps as a combination meal. It's a very casual restaurant, and you order on three tablets off to the side of the main dining room. When the meal is ready they call your name and you pick up an aluminum tray and take it to an available table.

I enjoyed everything I got, I tried the chicken bao, the beef bao, and poor bao. I also got an order of the chicken potstickers. The sandwiches were each very nicely prepared, and each had their own selection of toppings like pickled Dikon, crunchy peanuts, etc. From the three I got, I liked the pork belly the best. They were all very good, however, and I would get all of them again.  The potstickers for a little disappointing, though. They're a little different than what you might expect in that they're folded together, and the exterior wrapper was somewhat tough and a little gummy. The filling was good, but I'm not sure that I would get these again.

A pretty cool place, and reasonably priced, great for lunch. Definitely worth a try!
Baology is a self-serve restaurant. You'd order your own food on a tablet station and pay right on the spot. The chef will call you when your food is ready. A bun can range from $3.75 to $4.75. 
I ordered a Gwa Bao Trio combo which had 3 different kinds of bun. I picked 2 pork buns and 1 beef bun. I also ordered a cucumber salad to go along with the buns. The pork was tender and juicy. I love the pickle that came with it. The beef was very soft, the fried shallot definitely adds tons of flavor to the buns. Cucumber salad was alright. I've tasted some of the best cucumber salad before, so this one was ok for me. Overall, the food was good, but the price is a little bit pricey for a bun. I can actually get a hoagies about $5.00 and stuff myself pretty well.
Decent bao bun place in Philly. I had the fish stesm bun it was ok. Not the freatest ive had bur far from the worst. I dont eat meat and they were out of their other seafood options when i went so wasnt able to.try more things to get a full gauge.
How much do I love buns? Enough to eat them during the start of a heat wave.

I heard of this place and was eager to have a good Taiwanese restaurant secured. I'm a big fan of Taiwanese food, especially pork burgers, and have been pretty spoiled from living on the West Coast. I came at 7pm on Friday and the place was pretty empty which makes sense since I think they do a lot of lunch business. However, it was steadily busy while I was there with eat-in and take-out orders. The owner was incredibly welcoming and answered any questions we had. You could clearly feel her passion for the food and menu. Sadly, the duck noodle special was all gone but we ordered 3 gwa baos (fried chicken, pork belly, and crispy short rib), bean curd ruen bing, special stir fried rice dish, and smashed cucumber salad. I'm not the biggest fan of iPad ordering but Baology's was pretty simple.

Overall, the good was well prepared and a good elevation of classics. All of the baos were pillowy soft and stuffed with fillings. I loved all three and it made me want to order their fried chicken bian dangs next time! Ruen bieng was very unique and, again, stuffed with flavorful bean curd, mustard greens, and veggies. The wrapper didn't err towards thick or chewy. The rice dish was probably my least favorite but mostly because it was lacking in flavor or "specialness", it ate as a bowl of stir fried rice noodles and veggies. I'd skip this unless they are still fine-tuning their recipe.

Ordering is very simple and although it does take some time, it was quick considering that your meal is made to order. Baology checked off all the requirements for me and I'll definitely be back when I'm in need of a quick bao fix!
Best Taiwanese restaurant I've had the pleasure of eating in the states. The owner, Judy, is so friendly and always puts so much effort in the food and service. Can't wait to come back again soon and bring the rest of my family again.
Absolutely love this place.  They are a little on the more expensive side, but the food is so worth it.  All fresh made with wonderful flavors and textures.  I probably eat here at least once a month.  Their potstickers are amazing, and their sweet and sour chicken Biang Dang is unbelievable.  You really won't be disappointed if you eat here.
I thought everything we ordered was good. Taiwanese fried chicken Bao and chicken and chives potstickers were my favorite. A decent option for west side of center city, but definitely can find some good options at a better price in Chinatown
Just ok. My party got dumplings, congee (rice soup), fried chicken, and bao. Dumplings were a little over-fried and of the three varieties I got, one (pork?) was quite good. The other two were nothing remarkable. My friends reported the same sentiment for their food: not bad, but no standout flavors. For my part, I was not clear why the congee was made with "forbidden"/black rice: it's way tastier with regular rice. 

Not offensive by any means, but would probably not return again. Had hoped for more in this sparse corner of Center City.
I wanted to like this place.. I really did. With its locally sourced ingredients, hip interior and modern take on Taiwanese street food, I was primed to love it before even stepping in to try their food. If I'm being honest, this place is really one star solely based on food but the extra star is for everything else it does right. 

So onto the food review. After ordering their pork belly bao and crispy beef Ruen Bing, I was disappointed that for $10 I received essentially kid-sized portions. 

What it lacked in size, I thought would definitely make up in flavor right? Nope, the flavor was lacking in both dishes and even with the addition of their house-made hot sauce, barely tasted like the delicious flavors of the best parts of Taiwanese street food. In fact, the crispy beef ruen bing missed the mark completely for me. There were almost no traces of beef (crispy or not), the filling was flavorless and lacked any variety in texture, and the "bing" they used as the wrap was extremely thin, had no structure or crispness to it that most bings have, and didn't add anything to the dish besides empty calories. Luckily, when I tried the bao, i felt a bit better. The ingredients all tasted pretty fresh and the cuts of pork belly were generous relative to the tiny size of the bao, but there was just no cohesion or flavor. 

In the end, while I appreciate having a Taiwanese place open right in the middle of Center City, I just couldn't see how this place lived up to the hype. Here's to hoping it gets better over time.
Worst delivery I ever had.
Spent almost 40 on two pancakes and a Congee which is literally left over rice with some mushroom on it. 
And the congee is 16 dollars.

No utensils, no napkins no nothing.
Order with caution
My friend always raves about baology but I am just not getting it honestly. I had the lunch special/combo that has a wrap and a bao bun. Both were mediocre and I didn't love the quality of ingredients either. The wrap was dry as well. I don't know that I will be back but if anyone has suggestions I will give the place a second chance. Otherwise I would rather get my bao buns from Sampan!
I was very excited for this place to open but haven't been able to try it until now due to the limited hours and not working nearby. I got caviar delivery, which was very prompt, and I tried a bunch of items to sample. I got the com-bao with the crispy beef ruen bing, pork/shrimp potstickers, and the berkshire pork belly bao. I also got a side of liang mian to meet the delivery minimum.

I loved the crispy beef ruen bing, it was my favorite. The beef is sweet and crunchy, so flavorful. It is complemented by some sort of sauteed vegetables which are perfect and balance the strong flavors and textures of the beef.

The potstickers were pretty good, pretty authentic flavor and I like the way it was pan fried. I would like to try them fresh at the restaurant one day because I think it's always better that way.

I also enjoyed the pork belly bao - loved the sweet sauce, crunchy peanuts, and the soft bao bun.The liang mian was alright. I think it is a pretty simple dish which you can get at many Asian places already at a better quantity for price. 

Overall I would eat here again, as I really enjoyed the ruen bing and would want to try the other fillings.
A year later and a lot of the kinks I found when they first opened have been completely ironed out! I scored the "Com-bao" which includes a ruen bing, 3 potstickers, and a gwa bao. It seems like the fried chicken bao recipe has changed since it's fullllll of flavor this time around and I was sad I didn't get more. I've never actually had ruen bings or potstickers from here, but they didnt disappoint! The pork, shrimp, and spinach potstickers were super flavorful and great even when they cooled. This was my first time ever having ruen bing, so I didn't know what to expect. The pork was a little tough in some places but the vegetables, peanuts, and hot sauce along with the crispy wrapper really rounded out the meal. Still gotta get to those sweet potato donuts (and the DINNER MENU!!) but I'm feeling great for this little spot!
Huge fan of baology bring this niche street food cuisine to Philly.  Ended up trying to sample as much as possible.
So I'll start with I got this off Caviar so I can't speak to the decor. I ordered the Xi Fan (congee) with the forbidden rice, egg, and pork belly. I tried to order a few different baos, but they were sold out so I got fried chicken and pork belly. The congee wasn't what I expected. It wasn't what I grew up with. Usually when I think congee, I think of it more as a porridge, and it leans more towards the liquid side. This was maybe more just rice that had a touch more water to it. I was basically eating rice. The egg yolk was a bit salty for my taste. The pork belly was good. Not too salty with a good amount of meat to it. I was surprised that there was nothing to accompany the congee with cilantro. Not impressed with it.  

The reason I kept them at 4 stars is I thought the baos were well done. Definitely more on the American side. The fried chicken was cooked well. The mayo it was paired with helped contrast the crispiness of the chicken. The pork belly was great with the picked vegetables. The sweet ground of peanuts on top gave it even more texture and dichotomy of flavors. 

I wouldn't order the congee again, but the baos were good.
Unique fast casual counter serve spot serving up a variety of Taiwanese grub for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They're situated among a strip of storefronts in the base of a larger building on JFK. Look for the chalkboard sign out front. Once inside you can expect a fast casual vibe with nondescript booths, yellow walls, and a few tablets to place your order. 

The open kitchen confirms the majority of their menu is made in house. We went with a variety pack of bao buns, chicken wonton soup, Taiwanese fried chicken paired with slaw, and potstickers. We were most impressed by the soft, pillowy bao buns. Specifically, the heritage pork belly buns which are packed with tender meat, tangy picked radishes, creamy aioli, and slightly sweet crushed peanuts. The fried chicken was perfectly crunchy, but the chicken was a little bit salty in my opinion.

The location and atmosphere suggest the majority of their business comes via to-go orders. I'd certainly return for a midweek order of bao buns or one of the menu items we didn't order. Recommended for a quick, casual meal or creative to-go option.
Such a cute place and the food was really good! The woman who put our order together was so friendly and helpful. I loved the combao so I could try a little of everything but still have a lunch sized portion. You won't be disappointed!
What a fast casual concept. I'll have to try more of the menu, but the one dish I had was good. 

I think I am more excited about the concept than the flavors. When I have a chance to get back and have some more of the menu I'll have to update my review... But definitly plan to!
So good! We were immediately greeted and helped upon walking in. I love the iPad self-service option, too. It made paying a breeze. 

I had an all-veggie com-bao so I could try a little of everything, and I'm glad I did. Even with just veggies, it was filling. The potstickers were good, but could've been served hotter. The sauce they come with is amaaaazing. And make sure you pick up a hot sauce for your table--it's super good and has a flavor that's just spicy enough and doesn't linger or kill you. 

The garlic chips made the mushroom gwa bao. Although it tasted good, I wish the mushrooms were shredded or cut smaller so it's easier to eat. 

The tofu ruen bing might be my favorite. The whole "burrito" is reminiscent of how mushu pork is assembled, and the peanut crumbles give it an extra needed crunch. 

I think the only lackluster item was my Apple Sidra, which tasted like a watered down green apple soda. But I'm glad I got to try something new!

And the only overall downside was wait times for food were inconsistent. I got my all-veggie options right away while my friend waited significantly longer for meat options. This wasn't terrible, just inconvenient when you're trying to eat together. 

Overall a fun little tasty spot!
Stopped by for the 1st time and came away impressed. Looks like very fresh ingredients and everything is prepared in front of you. I ordered 6 veggie pot stickers and 1 ruen bing (shrimp). Very tasty - glad to have found it!!! Recommended.
This place is amazing! I had ordered it for a small get together! The bao buns are spectacular! The fried chicken is so savory, moist, and has i believe a honey glaze of some sort on the outside. I absolutely loved what I got and am eager to go to the restaurant and sit down. It's conveniently located. Would highly recommend!
Awesome food, great space, and the owner is incredibly nice. Highly recommend. 

I had the "com-bao" the first time I went which was a great way to sample everything they do. I got the pork/shrimp/spinach potstickers, the pork belly gwa bao, and the crispy beef ruen bing. All were great, but the pot stickers were my favorite...some of the best I've had anywhere. Food is high quality and responsibly sourced. 

Also, really like the ordering system. You go in and order on a tablet and pay and then they just call you when the food's ready. Works really well.
I found this place to be decidedly Not Great.  We visited during at the end of their "soft opening" first week so maybe the food will improve with time.  Service was slow and it was hectic inside but no worse than any other new lunch spot in the city which is currently in the focus of  curious officeworker hordes. 

I ordered 1 bao bun, 1 ruen bing, 1 order of dumplings, and went with the vegetarian option on all 3.  I also got an oolong tea.  The tea was tasty.  The dumplings were pretty good and a reasonable quantity for the price.  The bao bun was just ok, and small, did not feel like I could make a whole lunch out of these without spending a lot.  The veggie bun featured a single mushroom and some shredded cabbage.  

The ruen bing on the other hand was just...not good.  The burrito-like wrapper was dry and had a texture that just didn't do it for me.  The sauce inside seemed to be packed with an absurd amount of raw sugar.  When I took a bite, I would crunch crunch on raw sugar granules.  It was so sweet that I'd go as far as disgusting.  My co-workers only ate half of theirs, but I choked most of mine down.

The staff seemed super nice and I like the concept, but I'm going to give them a few months before I try again...
A fresh, tasty meal with locally sourced ingredients at a great price!! 

Had lunch at Baology a few weeks ago with friends, and was fortunate enough to try several items on the menu. Everything was freshly prepared, and the flavors were incredible!! The potstickers had a great sear on them...crispy on the bottom and tender on top. The buns were fantastic, with a variety of fillings. My personal favorite being the oyster mushroom with pickled greens and crispy garlic. Delicious. The ruen bings (Taiwan's version of a burrito!) were packed with vegetables and well seasoned proteins (even the tofu was flavorful!) The restaurant was incredibly clean, and the method of ordering made things move along quickly. I can't recommend baology enough! Taiwanese food at its best!!
Very fresh, fast, inexpensive and super tasty. They have a vegetarian option in each food category which is a huge plus. The owner is very sweet and helpful. New go to lunch spot!
If you have never had bao buns, you need to come here. Each pillowy little sandwich was a delight. We tried the chicken and the pork belly, along with ginger/garlic dumplings and cold noodles.  Delicious! With everything ordered a la carte, you can get exactly what you want or get one of the bento combos. 
We ordered online and they were just packing it up as we arrived. 
10/10 will return.
The iced teas were amazing!!! And I was a big fan of the fried chicken bao and vegetable potstickers. I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a quick lunch that's outside of the normal sandwich offerings of the neighborhood. Additionally, the staff were fast, friendly, and attentive. The owner was on hand and checked up on us while we ate, which doesn't often happen at any restaurant, let alone a lunch spot. I was very happy with my lunchtime at baology.
I don't do a lot of reviews, but when I find a place that deserves it and has the combined good price and great quality I make the effort.  I have been twice and each time I was impressed.  

Went with a buddy who knew what we should order and was not sorry to turn over the reins.  The fried chicken was so good, it rivals Federal Doughnuts and has the added bonus of being a bit spicy. Take a chance on something new and order by sight or smell!

I would suggest Baology for either a work place lunch or a solid first date location.  It is large enough that you have your choice of seats, but not overwhelming where you can't find your table.
Great location for a quick lunch on workdays. Like that it has the combo for first time customers to try a little bit of everything (signature menu items) - potstickers, bao, wrap with pretty good sauce on the side
On my visit to Philadelphia, I was looking for a lunch spot that was both delicious and quick. Baology was just what I was looking for. The staff was friendly, the decor was modern and trendy, and I was able to order and enjoy my meal in no time. I enjoyed two bao buns. The short rib bao, was full of a contrast of flavors - rich and cream and tart all at the same time. I also devoured the Taiwanese fried chicken. The meat was moist and crispy, and the seasoning was perfect. I hope that baology opens a second store near me... in South Florida - this place is great if you want a quick meal that's also delicious and filling.
Came here in a weeknight to see if this could be in my restaurant rotation. The pork and shrimp potstickers and beef ruen bing were on the bland side. The hsinchu noodles were also bland, but the pork was cooked well.My favorite picks were the fried chicken bao and sweet potato donuts were my winners. The fried chicken was your, crispy, and the sauce is light. The sweet potato donuts are like a zeppole's cousin. A nice snack shop, but don't try to make it your main meal. Not really inclined to try anything else
Not worth the hype. We had the potstickers, three baos and one of the reun bing. The potsticker filling was cold, the baos were very very small and the reun bing was not at all tasty. I would not recommend this place especially if you are genuinely hungry. It's more snacky and not for a proper  meal ( which is fair, because it's supposed to be street food). What I liked - the service and the people and their ordering method - very convenient. 
If they dial up on food and taste, I would go back. Or else my $22 are better spent somewhere else.
I love this place. It's a nice change from your everyday boring lunch options. They have a good variety of things to order, along with combo options. There are always seasonal additions to the menu too. I highly recommend trying their hot sauce too - I keep a bottle in my fridge at home!

The owner is so nice and makes you feel so welcome. I always enjoy my experience here.
A coworker of mine loves this place so I finally made time to stop by. It's a block from my office so there's really no excuse that it took me so long to get here. Now that I've been, I'll definitely be back soon.
They have ipads set up so people can order for themselves. This seems more and more common around the city. It always takes me a minute to figure out the ordering system. Clearly my deficiency as they're usually very user-friendly. I'll have to get used to it. Someone came in after me and went right to the counter because he had questions and an employee was readily available to help and also take his order.
I ordered the seasonal Pumpkin spice potsticker with roasted pumpkin, sage and brown butter and balsamic vinegar. Roasted squash, sage and brown butter is one of my favorite flavor combinations and I was not disappointed. These were fantastic. So good. I could've easily eaten more of these.
I also got the Gwa Bao trio and chose 2 pork belly and one beef. I would've ordered one chicken but I didnt see it on the screen. I'm sure it must've been  there  but due to my inability to use ipad ordering systems, I didn't find it. I'll just have to go back and try again because the pork belly and beef were so good. The pork belly came covered in this crushed peanut which, combined with the sauce and the pork made for a great texture. The beef was served with fried shallots which honestly I could've eaten a bowl full.
 
Overall very pleased. Quick, easy, delicious and nice staff.
Freaking delicious. I ordered from Caviar and it came in like 20 minutes. It was still warm and wonderful.
This place is pretty good. It's a hybrid Taiwan sit. Post eagles parade this place was clutch. You self order and pay: pretty convenient.
Worst experience ever.. the chicken was so salty so that I have to drink water with every bite. Cucumber salad is so salty as well.
Trendy homemade vibe to the food, although I wish the flavors were a bit stronger. Excellent service. The lady there noticed my friend and I eating outside in the snowy cold and brought over some complimentary tea for our cold hands :)
It takes one bad experience for a customer to completely change their feelings towards a restaurant/business.  That happened to me today while picking up my order.  

Regardless of the issue, employees and business owners should try their best to make every customer happy.  Words were mumbled and dissatisfactory body language and looks were given.  I felt awkward and unappreciated walking out after this minor/petty occurrence. 

I work right around the corner at one of the city's largest employers.  I am also in the neighborhood and regularly have conversations with neighbors and community about restaurants and food options.

I will no longer support this business nor will I promote or advertise for them as I've done so since before they even opened their doors.
I've entered the cesspool that is Y*lp to write this review so that you don't make the same mistake I did. So many times, I passed by baology without a second thought. I just walked on by. Now I know better.

Owners Judy and Andy are passionately dedicated to feeding you. But not simply just feeding you. They want their customers well-nourished. The level of caring that goes into each menu item is serious. They keep it all seasonal, including offering limited specials and whatever veggies are freshest on a given day. They keep it local, partnering with nearby farms. They care about the community. And they care about flavors, textures, and every other aspect of the food leaving the kitchen. I love all that. I also enjoy the level of customization involved.

All of the proteins and veggies here are next-level flavorful and often packing umami punch. I'm typically not a fan of bok choy but had theirs recently. Straight up epic.

Some favorites of mine include: 
1. homemade cold whole wheat longevity noodles in ginger scallion sauce, topped with decadent soy braised eggs, oyster mushrooms, and/or any of their seasonal veg, and crispy shallots
2. their sweet & sour chicken and sweet & sour tofu (both taste like a Gen Tso/sweet & sour hybrid and hit hard)
3. the slow-cooked beef bian dang (Taiwanese Bento) with garlic aioli, rice, veg, and peanut powder
4. baos including oyster mushroom and Taiwanese fried chicken
5. potsticker sampler (chicken, veg, pork)
6. crispy beef or tofu ruen bing (Taiwanese wrap) with cabbage and peanut powder
7. cinnamon sugar sweet potato donut holes 
8. soy braised eggs that *must* be added to everything 
9. oyster mushrooms (crispy and meaty)
10. whatever veg they're serving that day

Anything else that's a favorite is a special no longer on the menu. I still need to try a few things, which I'll get to. They're one of my favorite spots in Philly. When I'm craving baology, nothing else will do.
LED screen ordering is convenient. Friendly service. Food is unremarkable. Potstickers are a bit dry and dense. Taiwanese fried chicken bao has decent flavor but the bao is flat and dull; doesn't have that bounce. But Plenty of better options in center city.
Two out of the three times I've been to baology have been excellent and one had been good, so it's a 5-star rating for me. I'd pass on the fish bao in the future, but the fried chicken is a can't miss and the pork belly is great too.
Hmm... got 3 buns pork ribs, fried chicken and short ribs and a beef wrap... plus cold noodles...

Cold noodles had no flavor... 

Pork buns were decent but tiny! And the wrap was okay. This restaurant definitely has that new hip vibe but I just wish they'd replicate chipotle and let me choose what tips on what bun or wrap I want and what toppings. Maybe more selection would've helped and help fill me up. Otherwise you're overpaying for food here and might as well go to Chinatown to get some authentic char siu baos or some real peeking duck.
Was decent when they first opened but quality has seemed to decline.  Menu options are limited and had them say that a couple items were not available on two separate visits.
Great Taiwanese food with an awesome menu selection of a healthy variety that makes you wanna try them all!
Absolutely first rate, authentic Taiwanese street food.  Incredibly friendly staff who were terrifically helpful in making choices.  Great lunch option in what has been a good desert in Philadelphia. 

It's a must!!!
We don't usually order takeout, but desperate times call for desperate measures. Ordered the Make your own Bao kit with beef, pork belly and fried chicken - wow wow wow - such a delicious meal with great flavors, and it was fun to put together. Nice generous portions too. Also got the potstickers and the sweet potato donut holes, both amazing. Food arrived hot and nicely packaged. Definitely my go-to spot for takeout now! Also of note, they use heritage pork and grass fed beef which is something I am willing to pay $$ for. Despite that, the price wasn't terrible - $45 or so for a huge meal for two.
Love this place for Taiwanese food! Reminds me of the late night snacks I would get when I lived in Shanghai. Everything we tried was delicious, definitely recommend the baos and the ruen bings over the noodles.
Good food, nice concept, but pricey. For $13, I got 3 dumplings, 2 buns, and I'm still hungry. For lunch during the work week, I generally try to spend $5-8 to be full. Nonetheless, I like the novelty of the food offerings and the modern style of the place. You order by electronic tablet and then pick up your food. It was super crowded during lunch, but they have an efficient staff and streamlined operation because the wait was only around 10-15 minutes. There's around 8 tables indoors, but it seemed like most orders are for takeout.
This is more like a 3.5 but I'll round up because I really like Taiwanese food. The hours of this place is brutal to most 9-5ers who don't work in the neighborhood, but I did get a chance to stop by after an early dismissal from the head boss! 

After craving gwa bao for what felt like months, I finally got to try the namesake of this place. Getting the fried chicken, short ribs (beef), and pork belly bao, I savored each at different points of the city. I ate the chicken one in the store, which was crunchy, but really needed some more seasoning in the actual chicken to carry the bao. Points to one of the staff opening the door for me as I was leaving! I know how painful a slow shift can be.

I had the pork belly on the train, and this was one of my least favorite. It was probably the fattiest cut of pork belly I've ever had, but the peanut crumbs were magical, so I let it slide and chalked it up to personal taste.

I saved the best for last: short rib gwa bao. I stared at it in awe; who puts pickles in a bao? Well, whoever thought of it is a genius, because it was just what each bite needed. Maybe I spent one too many days eating kimchi in Korea, or maybe I'm just too American for my own good, but this was exactly what satiated my embedded craving for gwa bao.

I really hope these guys extend their hours (at least to a weekend day?!) so I can try the other menu items some day!
Overall, I like the concept and most of the food I've tried here. The name is not my favorite- it's so awkward to say! (Where are you going for lunch? Bao-logy. Ba-ology. Blahlolgy. That Taiwanese street food place on jfk.)

Order and pay at the screens. Food is prepped quickly so it's a good weekday lunch spot if you have to get back to work fairly quickly. 

I thought I'd like the baos the most, but I think the potstickers and ruen bing ended up being my favorite dishes. I liked the chicken and garlic chives dumplings and the bean curd (tofu) ruen bing. The fried chicken bao was so so which was disappointing bc I was most looking forward to that.
This is no ordinary Taiwanese Food. I was amazed by the food baology offered. Although, it called Taiwanese street food, but the flavor is actually restaurant quality. After I had a chat with the owner, I learned that the chef was Sous Chef at DBGB Kitchen & Bar owned by French chef Daniel Boulud New York City. No wonder the food are so tasty. Love the food here. My favorite meal Ruen Bings with pork shoulder is the best that I ever tasted.
Amazing. I've had almost every type of bao bun they serve here and every single one is delicious. My favorite is the fried chicken bun, super crispy and delicious. The potstickers are great with thier hot sauce as well. We had the chicken and garlic ones and they weren't too greasy and the filling was perfect. Will definitely be going back for more! 

The prices are also pretty reasonable and the restaurant itself is pretty cute. Definitely worth a try.
Finally made it to their second Taiwanese beef noodle pop-up! I was pleased with the chewy, al dente, handmade noodles, the marbled beef, and the fresh bok choy and tomatoes. I really appreciate that they source their ingredients locally. Can't wait to see what other dishes they'll do for future pop-ups.  

On a previous trip, I stopped in for the gwa baos and ruen bing. While I will say their gwa baos have less filling than I would like, one thing they get right is the sugary peanut powder-makes me think of the street-side stands in Taiwan. Also, having hey song sarsaparilla and apple sidra really adds to the shop's authenticity. 

I'll need to make another trip for the crispy potstickers and other kinds of gwa bao and ruen bing!
Very ordinary buns and potstickers..the concept is very unique..taiwanese street food really sounded very interesting and I was looking forward to trying out their food..but I have had much better buns and potstickers at many other places! Service and pricing are perfect but what can you fo if the food is not good enough to impress you!
I don't understand the hype. Our pork belly buns were super fatty, the chicken was tough and stringy. The potstickers were too thick and the filling absolutely tasteless. We threw away more than half our food. Even the bubble tea was lacking. So many better places to go in the area.
I ordered pickup (during covid). I arrived right when the app said it was ready but my food was cold. The veggie dumplings were good, but not great--a tad too oily. I wish they had more vegan bao bun options. The only one they had was mushroom based, and it was okay. Honestly, I'm not a big fan of mushrooms as a meat/protein replacement, but if you do enjoy mushrooms then you'll probably like it. The prices were reasonable.
Update: I came back here within a week of my first visit. The food was still good, but this time the chicken in the fried chicken bao was SALTY. 

That said, even as I type this belated review, I am thinking about going back again -- I just hope this place can be more consistent than these two experiences because it will definitely become my at-work go-to if so!
My Asian parents grumble because they're used to paying two or three bucks for an individual bao in Chinatown, but I don't care because I love the taste and quality of baology. Recently, three people, including myself, went here for a work lunch and the only want to describe it was "incredible." We got a lot more bang for our buck than at any sit-down restaurant (where our $50-60 bucks probably would have gotten us just one entree each instead of an appetizer, three entrees, two sides, three drinks, and a dessert) nearby!
I ordered two fried chicken bao buns and chicken potstickers. The chicken was salty, stringy, very little meat and very hard to chew. The buns themselves were as expected. The postickers were okay, not much flavor but cooked well.

The chili sauce served with the potstickers was the only way I was able to eat the chicken on the bao buns. 

The workers I interacted with were nice and they seem to have a steady lunch crowd, but I likely will not be back.
