I understand why so many people enjoy dining at Café Michaelangelo on Bustleton Avenue in the Far Northeast, Philadelphia. While most customers are local to the area, we were coming down from Bucks County, and this Italian haven was just a few miles over the county line. 

It doesn't look like much on the outside. A narrow parking lot separating the building from heavily trafficked Bustleton. The façade a worn brown wood with narrow doors and confusing signs.  Still, we found our way in through the side entrance and walked into a small lobby, followed by a large glass-walled dining room with high exposed beam ceiling and vistas overlooking a back yard that was treed and green - more like a tree house feel, than a structure anchored to the ground. Although aging, it was very attractive. Positive first impressions. 

We were seated at the first table in the dining room.  Although closest to the door, there was a half wall with trellis protecting us, and we soon forgot we were sitting on the edge. The menus were brought out quickly and we settled in to scour it for that evening's delights. While reading, we ordered a Stone IPA and River Horse Raspberry Tripel Horse Belgian-Style Ale. (You're wrong! I had the fruity beer, and my beautiful companion the very stout IPA.) We decided to go light. Fried calamari as a shared appetizer, and roast pork and Italian sausage sandwiches as our mains. Alina was our excellent server. She took very good care of us first timers. 

Although the calamari was almost exclusively cut into bands, with only one set of tentacles, it was quite good; especially the dipping red sauce which was spicily chunky and required a second helping. While I might not get it again, it was a fine vehicle for sauce delivery. 

The sandwiches were both first rate. They were served on decent Italian rolls which supported their passengers from plate to mouth without hesitation or flopping. The meat was tender and flavorful, with dipping sauce to enhance the experience. The sausage was cut into smaller slices for ease of ripping off chunks of the sandwich, and had ample onions and green frying peppers mixed throughout and more of that wonderful red sauce.  Really liked both plates. And, there was a plentitude of stuffing in each - so much so that we could only eat half of each sandwich and brought the rest home for stepson to enjoy.  We had planned to order something separately for him, but we had so much that it wasn't necessary. Alina brought us the takeout containers and bags with an easy smile, despite the loss of the extra sale to the house. No doubt, she had seen this happen before. 

We thoroughly and zestfully partook of our Café Michelangelo meal, and commented as we ate how good it was. In warmer weather, eating on the back patio would be a worthy addition to the program. 

An exceptional find on the wild streets of Bustleton. And, the prices didn't hurt either.
Worse experience the last few times I came here, today was one of the worse times too. So I went in with my party of 6. We were seated sorta right away which was the only plus about tonight. 

We arrived around 530pm and must have had a new waitress because she was terrible. She was constantly dropping our items and bringing us the wrong things. She basically dropped the plate of chicken fingers and fries all over my mom and the fries were on the table, she didn't offer to bring us new fries or anything like we were supposed to just pick up the fries and eat them off the table. 

We also ordered a white pizza that was supposed to have crushed tomatoes on top and the pizza came and had nothing on there, we had mentioned the missing tomatoes, to only be told we basically looked at the menu wrong and that wasn't an ingredient on the pizza (um okay, yea right). So we were upset about it not having the right toppings, and the cheese pizza we had was burnt on the bottom.

 When the waitress was going back to grab us bread, my sister was watching her on the cash register, then going to cut up our bread without gloves after she just handled the money. When she was delivering the pizza to the table, she then again touched out pizza now, and then again to put our pizza and bread in a box to take home. We just wanted her to stop dropping our food and touching it with her dirty hands. 

This was the worst experience I have had here, and the food seems to be going downhill as well. The pizza was soggy, burnt and tasted gross. More than likely this is my last time I come here to eat.
Though Cafe Michelangelo can draw quite a crowd of Soviet twenty-somethings, which at times can be irritants, it remains one of the of few spots in the North-East with out-door dining. Not that big a plus in my book but still something to consider.(especially now during spring) Furthermore, the out-door dining experience is not  marred by car exhaust, as it often is in Center City; which is a defiant perk. 
In fact, the Brick oven pizza they serve makes the place smell like an  traditional Italian place should.

This is not to say, however, the place is ideal out-door dining. The place still needs lots of work on its veranda, work which seems to be advancing at a painfully slow pace. And the lame music and crowds can kill an evening.

As for the food, the previous two Yelpers had it right;  it's a spread traditional Italian fair that is quite good but not exceptional. The portions are quite hardy and worth what you pay. 
My suggestions: try the calamari in garlic sauce (a scampi sauce) as an appetizer.  And defiantly don't pass up the A+ Desserts.

(But if you are frugal, hightail it the Net Cost Market a block away to purchase the same Bindi desserts at a fraction of the cost in the freezer section)

P.S.
Take heed of Zanna's warning about the traffic Bustleton & Byberry
Blah blah blah "Russian" hang out... This place is now Italian owned. If that matters to some people. Quality in my opinion has been consistent for several years now. My family and I come here pretty often and never had a bad meal. Service did slip for about a year or two but times change and employees come and go. Right now Michelangelo's is a good night out and good food can be expected.

Outdoor seating,bar,live music or indoor seating in a relaxed atmosphere. 
Can't go wrong anyway you choose. 

If it's too Russian or Italian for you perhaps you should eat elsewhere.
I was a regular here and I have never really had an issue up until last night. Sure the service isn't great, in fact they're quite rude though the food makes up for that. We had a check of $50 some dollars and left $10 for tip. The server follows us out to the car and asks "hey, did you leave me a tip?" when it clearly shows on the receipt that we did so we were like uh yeah we left you $10 and he just says "oh" and walks away...never said thank you, nothing. It was creepy that he followed us out and I felt violated and insulted. This was extremely unprofessional!! I should have just crossed the tip OUT! You cannot follow people out even if they don't tip you a dime! I'm livid & not really sure if I ever want to return and tell everyone I know to never go there ever again!!!
I come here a lot. It's really great for a local place and the food never disappoints. Tonight I did notice something that really got under my skin. If you go there a lot you will notice the owner always sits in the same booth inside. He was very rude and disrespectful to his staff tonight and it was in plain view of the customers. A server accidentally dropped a bus pan and he was not too pleased and made it clear. As a former server, it infuriated me. He should have more respect for his staff.
Leah was a very good waitress and was quick with serving us! She brought our food out quickly and checked on us multiple times. Compared to my experience from hell last time- this was so much better! 

The food was very good and the service was great!

Glad I gave this place another try because everything tasted as good as I remember it tasting before my experience from hell and they actually lived up to there stars that they earn on Yelp. 

My party of 5 ended up coming for dinner and coming around 630, it was a bit crowded but most of the crowd were sitting outside on the patio since the weather was so good today. 

We were seated and greeted by our waitress Leah right away. She served our drinks quickly and took our orders. I got the Large Chicken Cesar Salad and shared it with my mom- it was HUGE!!! My sister and her husband also ordered the salad and they ordered a large pepperoni pizza and me and my mom shared a small white with spinach and ricotta cheese. 

The salad was honestly enough food and we ended up having leftover pizza. My daughter got the chicken fingers and fries and the fries had American cheese on it! She enjoyed her meal as well. 

All of our food was delish and I am glad my sister, another Yelper talked me into coming back and giving them another chance!!!
This is my favorite restaurant! I love that they have outdoor seating that makes you feel like you are somewhere different than a strip mall on Bustleton Avenue. They have bocce ball & on weekends they have local bands. 

The food is delicious! My all time fav is the Rigatoni Arriabetta. There pizza is cooked in a brick oven, we like to splurge and get a small pizza as an appetizer. They also have an amazing antipasto that comes in small or large. Make sure you have people to share it with because the small is big enough for 4 people depending on how hungry you are. 

They have amazing desserts, like tiramisu or gelato. Unfortunately, I'm always too stuffed to order any, so I think I may make it a point to go and just get dessert one day. 

The reason I'm giving them 4 stars being my favorite restaurant is that the service is really on the slower side. I recommend this place highly but if you're in a hurry this isn't the best choice.
Epic fail. Tried to stay in the neighborhood for a date night, and figured we'd give this place a try. Started off with the calamari. It tasted like cardboard. I literally had to take it out of my mouth because I could not swallow it. We ordered the chicken parm and veal parm for our entrees, figuring that these would be pretty tough to mess up. We were wrong. They both tasted like they had been in the freezer for weeks, and the gravy (sauce) tasted like Ragu. Needless to say, we will not be returning.
The food and restaurant itself is ok. The coffee & desserts are great (mostly Bindi brand - bought in not made in house). But be aware that this place is one of  the main hangouts half of the population of the former Soviet states. The other half are planning to go there tomorrow. It is always crowded (because the coffee & desserts are good). It is not as big a deal now because of the smoking ban unless you plan on sitting outside. Also their food is only mediocre and pricy - $10 for a 10" tomato pie is a little steep when it isn't very good.

Just a side note that they, as well as their parking lot, are in a plaza close to Bustleton & Byberry which makes getting in and out of there a hassle especially during rush hours (which is 90% of the day near that intersection)

UPDATE: Ok so I went back here recently (6/5/08) and the service was terrible. I mean bad, slow, & rude. Thus they lose a star in my book. I probably will not be going back.
The service was bad and the food was only okay. The waiter couldn't do basic wait service such as refill glasses without being asked. He cut us off in the middle of us ordering to leave and go bring someone else their food. The appetizer was brought out at the same time as the meal, so what was the point in even ordering one? There were 3 people eating at our table, and 2 of them had their food brought out and had finished it before the third's even arrived. And again, none of the food was that great so it's not even someplace I would return for takeout.
Sorry no pictures for this review.   Friend had her son's birthday party or should I say birthday dinner.  Two  nice size tablesveach holding 10 seats.   The restaurant was busy which makes sense for a Saturday night.  Unfortunately due to the crowds food was slow to come to the table  and there was only  one waiter for our party who I believe had other tables as well.   Which was such a disappointment as the bread was fresh  - crispy on the outside and soft in the middle.  The calamari was very good cooked just right with  good flavor.   The antipasti had a nice selection of meats, cheeses, olives and peppers and of course you can't go wrong with Mozzarella sticks.  

The Caesar salad dressing had  so much garlic that it felt  like my tongue got burned from it.    My chicken parm had a good flavor and the  chicken cutlets where thin just like I like it but my meal was at best room temperature.   

There was live music which was enjoyable.  Overall
It was a fabulous evening with friends who are like family and parts of the meal were good.  If I was in the area again I would give it another chance but I wouldn't go out of my way to return.
worst dining experience . made reservations  for the fine dining look on the web site for a family celebration . instead of being seated inside air conditioned dining room was not in use . We were put outside on a 90 degree day. The food was delivered missing 3 meals, that then arrived 30 minutes after the rest of us were finished  eating When we asked them if anything could be done with the $600 bill due to the extreme heat & mistake & delay of food , the answer was no, take it out of the waitresses tip. needless to say , we will never return.
Had dinner here Friday 4/5/19, was seated quickly (surprising for a Friday night). The indoor dining area (w/booths) lighting was a bit harsher than I recall. Waiter was initially  attentive and drinks, and dinner arrived relatively quickly. I ordered the grilled octopus appetizer (which is still on point and perfect!), my date ordered shrimp and pasta (according to the menu it has 7 shrimp, a bit miserly for an $18 plate in my opinion), he received what appeared to be a pound of linguini with 5 medium sized shrimp. While he enjoyed the Alfredo sauce, he found himself excavating through the hill of pasta looking for more. Quite a disappointment! 
This was his first time here and I felt badly. 
We waited quite a while after for the waiter to offer dessert/coffee (we declined). Check arrived and I excused myself to the restroom. That's when I became appalled! Immediately upon entering I noticed the overwhelming urine smell (think a subway stop), the trash can overflowing, litter all over the floor, the last foot of t.p. (advised the waitress passing by when I left), and lack of paper towels. 
I am HIGHLY disappointed and won't be recommending again. This used to be a great go-to place for me, my family and quite a few local friends. Now I know why it wasn't crowded.  Get it together, C.M.!
Food is AMAZING but old man that's one of the managers needs to stop being such a crabby human being.  He is so rude to the customers and uninviting.  The other manager is incredible but that guy sucks!
No Air Condition when we went for party of 10 for Birthday. Told the manaager on 7/31/2017. Guess the don't want our business because he did nothing to rectify this. Won't be back for future parties ever.
Since I haven't reviewed this place in a few years (2010?? WOW-times flies), I think its time to give an updated review of my experience last night.
I came here with my family and we sat on the patio near the bar but not directly outside.  This is a beautiful place to have a spring luncheon or summer dinner and the outside area really makes this place special with their bocce court and garden seating.

I started out with a French Martini, which was fabulous as always.  

For appetizers we had:
Shrimp and Octopus salad-drizzled in olive oil and lemon which was pretty good
Mussels in garlic sauce- Good, not the best I have ever had, but solid.
Pasta Fagoli Soup-okay

Main:
Mahi-Mahi in puttanesca sauce over linguine-my husband liked it
Mushroom and Spinach Ravioli in blush sauce-DELICIOUS.

The service from Farouk is always top-notch and the food is never disappoints. Before having a baby we'd come her at at  least once a week and I think I 'm ready to start that tradition up again now that my son is able to sit down for more than an hour.
I'm surprised nobody's showing any love for Cafe Michelangelo.  Yes, it's filled with twenty-something Russians, and tis true that it can be difficult to get to with the traffic and all.  BUT I LOVE their patio, which remains open and HEATED during the winter.  How awesome is that? =-)  I also enjoy their veal parm.  It's a good place to go on a date.
This place has the BEST PIZZA ever.  The service from some of the waiters can be so-so, but I always ask for a waiter named Farook and get top of the line service.

They have great Italian dishes and the sauces they use are flavorful.  In the spring, and summer they have outdoor seating and a bocce court.  I definitely reccomend this restaurant for a casual night out.
Never had bad food at this place. I love the pizza, it's worth the trip. I would recommend this spot to anyone. They have plenty to choose from on the menu.
When you pull into the parking lot,  the place appears to be kind of shall but once inside you realize that is actually pretty big inside.  They have 2 inside areas as well as an outside deck area.  We had the fried calamari as well as the brucsetta and both were great and the main courses were enormous.  I would definitely go back and would definitely recommend it to others.
Food is decent however - Don't sit at bar. Will never come back after how rude and bitchy the Bartender was. Left without ordering anything at all. Absolutely awful customer service. Never have I felt so unwelcomed at a bar or restaurant.
Ok so I recently discovered this place and got a tad addicted from the jump. First of all, this place is always packed. Every table full and the bar is in full swing as well. They have 3 dining areas, and also outdoor seating. TVs around the bar area and an outdoor stage for music. They have music several times a week and even a bocce league which I though was really cool! 

Now the food. Brick oven pizzas which are absolutely fresh and delicious. The pasta are beyond delicious. The sauces and pasta shapes are just what you would find in Italy. They have several specials to choose from on any given night, never disappoints. They offer take out too which I found pretty cool and convenient. 

State of the art espresso machine is also there for a strong brew! 

Needless to say. This is a true gem to find in the far northeast. I'll definitely be back again and again to chill in one of the gazebos while watching the bocce club play!
Dined in for the lunch buffet. Their pizza is pretty tasty, but the meatballs were clearly frozen. We were a large group and everyone who had the meatballs agreed that they tasted awful, and they were definitely frozen, not freshly made. I guess that's what you get for the price. Just disappointed as we were hoping for something a bit more authentic, as it is an Italian restaurant.
Worst service ever.  We were seated quickly as the place was empty.  We were handed menus by the hostess and then no one ever came back.  After waiting 20 minutes and still no service we cut our loses and left.
Take out pizza was a ripoff and thin the box felt like it weighed 6 oz also their Stromboli's are the size of a hot pocket. Expensive and not worth it
If I could give this place less than one star I would. I called to place an order and asked to order a Caesar salad and have balsamic dressing instead of the Caesar. Immediately the person who answered the phone gave me a hard time. They asked me if I wanted a different salad instead and talked down to me and were extremely rude to me all because I wanted a different dressing. I was completely shocked by their attitude and asked if it was problem to have a different dressing and she said she worked at the restaurant for so many years and of all the years she has worked there she has never heard of such a thing. Really?? You have worked at a restaurant and never heard of someone ordering a dressing that they like with a salad? I don't like creamy "homemade" dressing that is full of mayo. I would never ever order from here. And if you don't want an attitude with your meal, I suggest you don't order from here either. Oh and of all the years I have ordered at a restaurant I have never heard of anyone having a problem with the dressing I order. Good luck.
First off , the food is excellent except bread( no biggie)

Major issue is that we had to wait over half an hour for our food. 

Back up. Arrived with no reservation on Friday night. Expected to wait. Was told it would be about 20 minutes, although there were 2 tables for 2 right in front of us and all other parties were 6 or more. 
Ok seated and ordered. Over half an hour later , I got the attention of the Manager. 
I told him not happy it was this long and he basically blamed US. " I told you it would be a wait'
". Yes to get seated" No, I told you we were backed up" No you did not. 

Ok, so that really happened. Went out and looked at kitchen. They really expanded the seating here and are taking large parties, but they did NOT expand kitchen.


I guess it is ok to let patrons wait a while because they wouldn't spend money to expand kitchen

I would rather eat somewhere that had good food but great service rather than somewhere that has great food but horrible service
This restaurant needs big improvement in customer service and cooking classes. We visited this restaurant on Sunday night and it was very busy due a life music performance. Still we are waiting our waiter in a beginning for 25 min to acknowledge our table. Manager was very rude and unprofessional. On a top of this we were waiting for our appetizers and drinks for good 30 min and main entree an 1 hour and 40 min. We were wondering were is our food and were gonna about to leave, when food arrived and it was absolutely under cooked and not eatable. It was not our first visit and evidently this place is loosing their reputation. If you don't want to go through our experience find the better place to invest your money.
Visited here for the first time after living in the area for so many years. I've heard nothing but good things but personally so didn't have a good experience. Upon arriving we were greeted and seated within a few minutes. We were seated in the bar/takeout area vs across the room where the rest of the tables were. That was not the issue. Our waiter was pleasant for the most part. We all ordered pepsi's and mine tasted funny, it had a very weird aftertaste and I asked the waiter if he could replace it and he just kept laughing with a surprised look on his face repeatedly saying "it all came from the same place". Is that necessary? Why can't it simple be replaced with all the added extra commentary. But it's okay that didn't bother me at all. We ordered a large margarita pizza and mozzarella fries, both were good not anything extraordinary. Pizza is pizza and fries are fries it's just overpriced. I'm not sure who the bald gentleman is he could be the owner or the manager but he is SO RUDE!!! Like I stated earlier we were seated in the bar and takeout area that is also where the servers run their food. The gentleman was constantly yelling at his employees very angrily and yelling at the people in the kitchen. I understand that it busy but the way he was yelling at his employees was so very demeaning. Also my friend ordered the burger belt and it had a huge hair in it, the same gentleman was sitting behind so we were trying to get his attention bc our server was no where to be found. He was on the phone the whole. That situation was handled so poorly he didn't even apologize but our server did. All i can say is I won't be going to this restaurant every again and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I've had better food at Tuscany on Rhawn st and they are far more pleasant!!
I love this place and yes as someone said below it is mostly  a Russian area, they do know how to cook Italian duh! I order the vodka sauce most times when I go and it is by far the best I've had!! I've also had he pizza, and their traditional red sauce. The egg plant app is delishious!! This is by far one of my go to places for a quality Italian meal!
Should have known when the place had empty tables and we still had to wait for a seat there would be a problem. Ordered dinner and was told immediately the pizza may take time because they are backed up. Ok, so we knew that. I got my pre-dinner salad and asked for bread and was told there is none they have to make more. Well when a bit later another table gets bread, again I was told they are making it. Finally got bread after my salad was done. And the wait continues. Almost 1 hr we got dinner and a pizza. I got chicken piccata, two small pieces of chicken in a watery sauce, not bad, not great. For all that wait, I got cold mashed potatoes and lukewarm vegetables.  I asked for hot vegetables, waiter offered to replace entire meal, I told him just the vegetables. He came back and told me they were out of mashed potatoes. So he brought me pasta. And to top it off, someone was smoking a cigar, and nothing was done until a customer complained. I felt bad for the waiter as he had no control over the meal however we never even got an apology from the manager, who was busy having dinner with friends who I heard the waiter tell they were getting a discount. Won't go back anytime soon.
I have been on the hunt for a good margherita pizza in my area, and after seeing pictures from other people on Yelp, I decided to give Cafe Michelangelo a try. I ordered 2 pizzas to-go for lunch, 1 margherita and 1 Pollo Rosso. 

The Pollo Rosso (white pizza with grilled chicken, riccotta, and crushed tomatoes) was really good, it had the perfect amount of sauce. The margherita pizza, however, I was disappointed with. There was no fresh basil or fresh mozzarella on the pizza, it really just looked like a plain cheese pizza. It tasted good, but not at all was what I had pictured and would be a traditional margherita pizza. I'm pretty sure I was duped with a plain pizza but paid for a margherita. I had some of my own basil at home, which helped. Overall the food was actually good, but I will have to continue on in my quest for the perfect margherita pizza, and hopefully get what I ordered.
This is one of my absolute favorite places in the Northeast. It's my little hidden treasure. I've never gotten bad food here--it is always delicious and not overpriced! The service can be a little iffy but if you get a good server, take their name and stick to them. The vodka sauce here is TO DIE FOR. I get it every time. The outdoor seating is super cute at night time. Its always a good choice for a casual night out.
Cafe michaelangelos is good italian food for good prices. They have plenty of parking in a private lot and they are very friendly and helpful. When inside they have a regular dining room then they have a open dining room with big windows and twinkle lights all over with big screen tvs which is real nice in the spring. There is a full out door patio that is great but that can get annoying with the bugs in the spring and summer. There menu has lots of great stuff on it so its worth to try this place if your in the area.
Didn't expect much from a northeast restaurant  but the food is good here. Came here with a party of 7. Rack of lamb, steak, chicken Marsala, and the mussels with garlic sauce!
Although I can't say it's absolutely amazing, it's consistent and that counts for a lot. Juliano runs the show and makes sure everyone is happy. On occasion they run out of a special but they we can usually find something we want and the house balsamic is worthy of drinking. If you want something local give it a try.
Service was slow and unfriendly. all reviews were ranting about there brick oven pizza so we ordered a margherita pizza, pizza came out with no basil or fresh moz cheese. it tastes nothing like pizza oven pizza just a classic pizza shop pie, so disappointed and will never be back so don't bother
A great place to dine in. With regard to take out its very disappointing due to the fact that they don't seem to deliver, and even if you wish to do a pickup, there is a limited menu available online. For instance, the pizza is missing from their online menu, and its a shame since they got excellent selection, but I doubt their staff is even aware of this fact. In any regard, fix up your online menu if you haven't already done so since you already lost some business over this as we had to order from another place as a result of this, which should be easy to fix since they do have an online menu on their web site, so just make sure its comprehensive and identical to their regular menu.
One of my favorite local restaurants. I always feel like I'm in Europe when I'm here. Authentic Italian food, wonderful brick oven pizzas, friendly servers, and a casual but magical atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating (plus an enclosed seating patio where you feel like you're outside sitting among the evening sky). They even have a bocce court out back. It's a real oasis in Northeast Philly. The eggplant parm is the best I've had anywhere and you can never go wrong with their pizzas. They often have live music on weekends as well. Tonight they had an excellent acoustic duo. You certainly don't feel like you're in a strip mall in Northeast Philly.
I wish I could leave less than 1 star to be honest. The food was terrible, the marinara sauce was awful, and it was extremely over priced. Please don't waste your money here, go to the Applebee's on the boulevard and you'll be much happier!
We were there 2 days ago, on Sunday. Our friend made reservations. Life music was nice. Everything else was below any standard. We were sited outside while there were plenty of empty tables inside. Our request to be moved was ignored. The food was mediocre at best. The service was very slow, unprofessional and sloppy. The waiter dropped a dirty fork on my dress and didn't even apologize. I ordered grilled chicken with shrimp. The chicken was as tough as the cardboard sprinkled with dry oregano and shrimp were not only overcooked and rubbery but also over salted. One of us ordered veal. It was raw. We called a manager, but he was very rude. The bottom line if you want to have a beer, it is probably ok place to go. But if you want to have a nice meal, stay away.
A traditional little Italian joint, the food drives this place on Bustleton Avenue. Because it's out in the far Northeast, it never really gets noticed from the big reviewers, but I would nominate both Michelangelo's gourmet pizzas and their incredible gelati as some of the best in the region. 

The atmosphere is okay. They try to be more of a date place than a family place, but last time I was in there, they had a guy playing keyboards with some hokey sounding pre-programmed backing tracks -- it sort of brought down the Old Italy feel of the place.

Still, from appetizers to desserts, there's nothing on the menu I wouldn't recommend.
Great lively place on Friday night. Brick oven pizza is great, scallops with caper sauce was good but scallops were too small. Lamb and chicken skewers also good but could have been great if they were not a bit over cooked. Still one of the best lunch buffet deals around, the dinner experience was good overall. Looking forward to trying again.
Food is amazing here. Pizza is the best and they use the freshest ingredients. It's a bit more pricey then most pizza places but so worth the extra money. Customer service is always great and the waitstaff is very fast and accommodating. If you go, must try the manicotti or the pollo roso pizza which is white pizza wth chicken onions and ricotta cheese. Best time to go to avoid the crowds is during the week before 7pm. Weekends are always crowded and you need a reservation to get a table. They also have very good desserts. My favorite is the cheesecake with chocolate shell over it. My dad likes the flan and my mom likes tiramisu
Uhhhh. Again. Here for a family party this time. Arrived at 730. Took over a half hour for someone to get a beer... one beer. My friend got the glass for the beer. Then it got taken away. Then brought back. Eventually a pitcher of beer made it to the table. I asked for a pitcher of water for the table (you know, one trip for the server because I've done this before) and was told I have water in my glass. My husband went to the bar directly to get drinks and he said everyone was cancelling their orders because of long waits.  A scoop of pasta was thrown on my moms plate after she said she didn't want any.  The pasta was supposed to be penne Alfredo. Well it was penne. And it was white. And tastes like nothing. Salad was swimming in dressing.  My husband and I left at that point. 930. Entree wasn't even served yet which my mom told me was tough as shoe leather. 
I don't why this place is in business. They have made an appearance in the Dept of Health's "list" a few times and it is public information so feel free to do your own research.
Service is horrible. Management does not care. 
Food is not great. The do have a wood fire oven. Get the margherita pizza. It's an ok looking place. It's convenient place to hang out if you live in the far northeast, which is why I think this place is still open. Expect to wait at least 30 mins for a drink and have no expectations of customer service... like any... at all.
See link for the dept of health inspection March 2017
https://pa.healthinspections.us/_templates/551/RetailFood/_report_full.cfm?inspectionID=D656C6E8-9F0F-BD1C-0B0E65A9995AC198&domainID=551&userID=0
Sooooo... I end up here periodically because other people in my group feel the food is worth it. I will heartily say no.

I ordered the alla vodka yesterday and it was lacking seasoning. Also it made me sick. Feeling like an old maid we went for a late lunch/early dinner. Being the only meal I consumed yesterday their can be no other culprit. I have spent 90% of the evening yesterday and the morning today being painfully uncomfortable and running to the bathroom. The last few hours have been me chasing pepto-bismol with ginger ale. I know this is way too much TMI. But when you can audibly hear your gut groan and double over I feel others should have a heads up. I might understand if I had gotten the food from their lunch buffet but we ordered from the menu. So there it is, I will avoid this place in the future at all costs. 

They get one star for remodeling and updating their decor both inside and outside.
I made a reservation using OpenTable and when I showed up with my party I was told they were closing because they had special hours for the day. However, they didn't have anything posted on their website and didn't block OpenTable reservations. Best part, they acted like it was my fault and didn't offer an apology.
I was at Cafe Michelangelos, With seven people the service was very slow we had to wait for a beer or mixed drinks for a half an hour more each time. He brought out the food some of the food that was cold all ready and when you would if need something even come back 10 minutes later. Bad service. So we decided to give them only 15% tip because of the service .My wife went to the bathroom and when she came out it was mumbling he worked his ass off I did not get a good tip. He bought tip back to our table so we ended up giving them 20% but we would never go back there again.He had weird first thing so I can't remember what it was. One star is too much for that place. I'll give it a half a star. I'm in late 50s I never had a tip brought back to me in my life. I would say he's a waiter in middle 50s maybe they should get somebody younger and nicer. Also the bathrooms were dirty and you could lock the one the bathroom doors since third unisex. They should be ashamed of themselves. I went in there one bathroom and Literally was standing in urine.don't they have cleaners for the place and my wife used other bathroom in main Room she said the floor was dirty and smells like urine.
We really enjoy this local place. The food is great--I always get the special and am never disappointed. We like to sit outside. Live music on the weekends is nice.
Food is really good here! Service is pretty good as well. The only thing i don't like is the plastic tablecloths. They make the place look cheap. Also i think the desserts are a little too expensive for their sizes. 6$ for a small piece of Tiramisu! Also it is a really big place but only 2 bathrooms(which are both for females and males!). Pretty small parking lot too. Great pizza, calzones and strombolis here!
I cannot quite say that the service was slow as much as it was absent and inattentive. We ended up taking our food to go and the two pasta dishes were mediocre at best. The chicken sandwich had good seasoning but the fries were undercooked. Certainly not what we were led to believe after reading the reviews.
This place is just creepy. The decor is cold and impersonal and the wait staff far from professional. When not otherwise occupied, they stood and stared at us. Our server brought our food and then disappeared. The brick oven pizza was a joke. True, it's a brick oven but I'm pretty sure it's gas fired, so what's so special about that. We were not asked if we liked our food or offered drink refills. We had to ask the bar tender to take our check because of the missing server. Never again, not this place.
Been here quite a few times b/c the little one likes to sit outside and eat her pizza.  The pizza and Caesar salad are good.  But that's about it.  Their pasta dishes are loaded with sauce and lack flavor, crab cakes were very bland, desserts are so so.  Skip it unless you want pizza and salad.
Visited here for the first time after living in the area for so many years. I've heard nothing but good things but personally so didn't have a good experience. Upon arriving we were greeted and seated within a few minutes. We were seated in the bar/takeout area vs across the room where the rest of the tables were. That was not the issue. Our waiter was pleasant for the most part. We all ordered pepsi's and mine tasted funny, it had a very weird aftertaste and I asked the waiter if he could replace it and he just kept laughing with a surprised look on his face repeatedly saying "it all came from the same place". Is that necessary? Why can't it simple be replaced with all the added extra commentary. But it's okay that didn't bother me at all. We ordered a large margarita pizza and mozzarella fries, both were good not anything extraordinary. Pizza is pizza and fries are fries it's just overpriced. I'm not sure who the bald gentleman is he could be the owner or the manager but he is SO RUDE!!! Like I stated earlier we were seated in the bar and takeout area that is also where the servers run their food. The gentleman was constantly yelling at his employees very angrily and yelling at the people in the kitchen. I understand that it busy but the way he was yelling at his employees was so very demeaning. There's a time and place for e everything. Don't yell at your employees in front of your customers. Tbh if that were me i would have quit right then and there because who are you to disrespect me like this. He clearly does not know how
To run a business. Also my friend ordered the burger belt and it had a huge hair in it, the same gentleman was sitting behind us nodding his head and when we told him he was just sitting and talking on the phone and eventually yelled to the cooks to make another burger. That situation was handled so poorly he didn't even apologize but our server did. All i can say is I won't be going to this restaurant every again and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I've had better food at Tuscany on Rhawn st and they are far more pleasant!!
Cafe Michelangelo is a great little Italian place that is often overlooked. Some tasty pizza comes out of that brick oven, and their other pasta and entrees are delicious and pretty fairly priced - one of my favorites is the ravioli con salvia (cheese ravioli in a sage butter sauce). They serve great dessert as well. 

The restaurant rarely seems to be too crowded, so it's generally a nice and relaxing atmosphere in which to eat. They even have outdoor seating on a patio out back, right next to a bocce court - a cool, unique touch. 

Cafe Michelangelo is definitely a worthwhile choice if you're looking for an Italian meal from a place a little more intimate and authentic than one of the bigger chains.
Do NOT order seafood here. Stick to the pasta dishes. I ordered a special: Orata with grilled vegetables and polenta which tasted like charcoal. The fish was cooked whole and cleaned table side. It was bland and overdone. The fish bones were extremely large. I could barely eat it. I ordered the tomato caprese and it had no seasoning whatsoever. The antipasti had two small slices of meat. The plate was filled with iceberg lettuce and had a heaping spoonful of tuna salad on the top. Tuna salad on antipasto?  My brother got mussels with linguine and it had a nice chunk of grit. I was very disappointed this time. I've been here before and it was always good. I didn't have the heart to make a stink. I don't think it would be mattered anyway.
While the food here IS really good,  this is the 3rd time in a row that the service has been poor.  The outdoor seating and live music keeps me coming back but then every time it's time to order or even find a server,  I remember why this place is never on my go-to list.  It's like they don't want my money.  Hosts,  servers,  bartenders - they all seem completely annoyed to be here.
The host was beyond rude.  Then we were seated.  The waitress was very nice.  She brought bruschetta.  The bread was stale, not toasted.  We ordered.  The salad was tasteless.  The Italian bread was cold and stale.  The entree was chicken.  That was also tasteless, thin with some sort of topping that was unidentifiable (it was described on the menu, but I don't remember what the description for Chicken Michelangelo said).  The Veggies were good.  The mashed potatoes were ok.  The eggplant was horrible said my guest.  I will say the pizza looked good, but we did not have that.  It also took a very long time to get our food.  
Definitely not worth it.
Their mussels in marinara sauce are my favorite! Place in general is okay, not my favorite. The interior could looks a lot better and more cozy. Half the time I go there during the winter I'm usually cold because it's always not warm enough. Pasta and pizza are also delicious!
Lil disappointed with this place food wise. The house salads were served to us with browning lettuce, a piece of tomatoe and 1 piece of cucumber each. The pasta was ok, but nothing exceptional. I guess I just wanted/expected better. 


Service was excellent however and parking was easy enough.
This place was pretty average. Lunch crowd was nonexistent. The house salad was basic (not terribly unusual). The chicken piccata was fair in taste, but underwhelming overall - not a significant portion. I've had much better. The service was pretty good though.
This place is a neighborhood fixture, with good food and a great lunch buffet. It has outdoor music and seating. The only problem is that drink prices are a total rip off! I was charged $10 for a stingy pour of inexpensive scotch. When I asked the waitress why the drink was so costly, her response was, "The Russians pay it. So, the owner doesn't care".
DON'T GO IN WINTER! The side room is so cold. My feet were freezing and I never took off my coat. Food too forever but it may have been an off day. Great in spring and summer in outside area.
I'm very disappointed in service from the bartender inside tonight. Gave us drinks and menus and walks away. Never came back to ask what we wanted for dinner. 
Never will return to this place.
Very bad customer service... Their OFFICIAL website says "Reservation, pickup or delivery." So, I called for a delivery and the person who answers said they don't deliver. When I asked why their website says they do, her only explanation was "I don't know." Why have it on the website when it's not offered? Remove it, so people don't waste their time calling when it CLEARLY says delivery is offered.
In the beginning of September my transplant recipient and I held a anniversary dinner here with our families. Cafe Michelangelo did a wonderful job at coordinating everything for us. I truly can't say enough great things. 

We had around 16 people and were seated in a private area out back. They even rearranged the table for us last minute so we could all be seated together which we super appreciated. We went with a prefix menu, family style, consisting of two pastas to start, salad, and two entrees. I must say the rigatoni vodka is my absolute favorite and the menu the portions are huge. Everything from start to finish was great. The waitresses were very on top of everything as well. I couldn't be happier!

My husband and I also came here recently and ordered the shrimp diavolo. A++ the sauce is soooo good. Definitely a staple for me any time I come here from now on!
I've been here 3 times within the past year and all 3 times did not disappoint! I've had the Salmon Dorino, Scallops in penne, and crab meat in Angel hair and all 3 entrees were amazing! The service was also great for me every time. Also, their pizza is great, but the only thing that's confusing is that the Margherita pizza isn't actually Margherita--it's a plain pizza. Their Napolitano is actually a Margherita pizza, just something to be aware of when ordering. Great portions and reasonably priced. Definitely recommend trying this hidden gem of the Northeast out at least once!
This place has it down. The food, the ambience, the decor. Hit's the nail on the head for authentic, casual Italian. Feels like a place you'd stumble into on a quiet summer afternoon in Milan on your first solo-backpacking trip, ravenous after walking around the city for hours in search of a good and affordable meal but with no knowledge of the Italian language so you decided for the one with the buffet so you wouldn't have to awkwardly interact with people. (Based on a true story? Possibly). Except of course, that it's in Philly, and you'll probably drive, not walk here (and that the staff speak fluent English, obviously).

Go here on a weekday to avoid the crowds and eat your heart out of pizza, pasta, breadsticks, mussels, and more. The buffet comes with a caesar salad, but you have to ask. An order of coffee includes unlimited refills, but despite being called a cafe, the coffee is actually average. 5 stars if not for that minor grievance.
Cafe Michelangelo is the "go to" local spot in Northeast Philadelphia and Bucks County. I've been coming here with my family since I was a child. 

There's plenty of seating for large groups, and a bar for those who just want to watch the game. In the summer there is also out door seating and they also have a bocce ball court.  

The usual dishes I typically get are the fried calamari, mussels in white sauce, and the chicken Caesar salad. Their tiramisu is hands down the best I ever had. This is a local staple I'll always dine in.
