I haven't been hitting too many new businesses lately so I'm making sure to give extra love to the ones that have been getting me through this year. Every single time I'm in Old City, I figure out a way to swing by Cafe Square One. Their salads are still just as awesome as they were when I first tried them a couple years ago, and the employees are always friendly and welcoming. 

One day I'll deviate from my beloved southwest salad to try one of the wraps or sandwiches... one day.
I discovered Cafe Square One when I was in the neighborhood for a meeting and ran a Yelp search for salads. I was surprised that I had never heard of the place since it has great reviews and a lot of them! The cafe is small and has a few tables, but I've taken my orders to go. 

I've stopped by on two different occasions and have been very satisfied with my experiences. The menu is pretty comprehensive - lots of sandwich, wrap and salad options. I've had their chicken caesar and southwest salads and both were great. Fresh ingredients, delicious dressings and super tender chicken (and lots of it!). 

The employees are so friendly! And I haven't had to wait more than a few minutes on each visit. I will definitely return whenever I'm in the area and need a quick, healthy lunch!
It's high time I updated my review of Cafe Square One! They've been open since late 2014, I'd say. They went through a couple phases for restaurant layout and menu items, but it seems they've landed on the perfect combination. I love their wraps, paninis, and smoothies. My favs are the Chicken Pesto Panini, Turkey Hummus Wrap, and Oriental Chicken Wrap. They serve breakfast and lunch and are one of the few Old City restaurants actually open on Mondays. 

Service is super friendly. Take out orders take between 10-20 minutes during lunch, so it's best to order ahead. The seating is cute but kinda tight when the line forms. Everyone loves this lil gem!
I have honestly been so obsessed with this place. This is my favorite cafe. The food is amazing and the service is impeccable. I live far from Olde City, but cravings really do kick in and gets the best of me. Spicy Philly is honestly the best panini I've ever had. 

On my last visit here, my friend ordered a chicken pesto panini and the chicken was a little under cooked. One of the workers/managers there offered to make her a new one. After doing so, he personally brings it to our table and then takes out his wallet and leaves cash on the table and insisted that the panini would be on him. After accepting the cash, another worker comes over with a plate of sushi (Bali Paradise). He told us that that was on the house. We refused to take it and they insisted. I have never encountered customer service this great. 

They are an honest business and respects their customers.
Great avocado toast with eggs. Service was fast, but the Asian woman who took my order seemed indifferent. No good morning or a welcome smile. Maybe she was in a bad mood this morning, but the cooks were fast and efficient. The place is small, and could use some heavy cleaning. However, the food tasted home cooked, and the coffee was delish.
Super nice people. The breakfast sandwich with avocados is delicious! If you're a bit weird like me, they keep Sriarcha behind the counter so feel free to spice it up in the mornings ;)
This breakfast burrito has the potential to be outstanding. POTENTIALLY OUTSTANDING. 

PROS: The combination of flavorful smoky bacon, gooey melted cheese, and fluffy well-seasoned egg almost made me audibly sigh with love at first bite. 

CONS: The massive amount of raw spinach really detracted from the experience, and their online ordering portal description lists a hash brown inside, but there wasn't one. I ordered mine with extra bacon, and it came with a pretty standard amount. 

Overall, if there was a perfectly crispy hash brown instead of raw spinach I could easily see this becoming one of my favorites!
Owner contacted me personally and apologized about the food and said it shouldn't have happened. He also offered a refund which I declined. I'm glad that I was offered this and hope they serve better food from now on. Just based on follow up I'd give them 2 stars.
Living in Indiana these days, I miss good bagels. And having spent a lot of time in and around NY, NJ, PA, I know good bagels.I was in Philly, so I knew what I needed to do. The bagel bakeries were all a bit of a walk, though, and this place happened to be next door to my hotel, so I gave it a try. It really hit the spot for me. A fresh hot locally sourced sesame bagel, piled high with lox, capers, onion, cucumber - the works! Fresh ingredients executed right. What else could you want? It's a low-frills space, with a fair amount of seating if you want to eat in. Lots of variety on the menu - would be especially good for lunch, as reflected in the other reviews here. Delish!
Talk about fresh and great price. All I have to say is wow. Had the buffalo chicken wrap was so yummy! If I could give this place a 10 star I would.
I ordered a chicken Caesar salad for pickup through Yelp Eat 24 today and enjoyed my smooth experience. My salad was prepared as requested (no parmesan cheese, sesame dressing on the side) and ready for pickup when I arrived.

This is one of the best Caesar salad that I've eaten in a while: fresh romaine lettuce, well-seasoned tender grilled chicken breast, a sliced hard-boiled egg, and a loaded portion of crunchy garlicky croutons (I'm even not a fan of croutons, but I finished all of them with the salad and later as snack). The sesame dressing added a twist to a not-so-Caesar salad as I liked it.

I'll definitely come back to try other goodies here!
If you're staying in the historic district in Philly and looking for a cheap and filling breakfast, try Cafe Square One. Small place, but so fresh and delicious! 
The owners are very sweet and will make your dish however you like it. I don't eat bread and was able to get their "Eggcellent" sandwich without the bread and it was beautifully plated and so delicious!! 
Highly recommend!! 
(Their coffee isn't bad either.)
best cafe in old city district. great food and great price. get the spicy chicken salad sandwich!
The place looks like a hole in the wall (and nothing is wrong with that!) and the food is incredible! My partner is very picky about what they eat and absolutely loved it. 

We shared a bagel sandwich and a breakfast burrito, and each got a coffee. The coffee was really good - highly recommended!

Also, if you like Taylor Swift's music you'll like it here because that's all they played. :)
Fabulous salads, fresh and crunchy. My daughter said "I usually don't like crunchy but this is the right kind of crunchy." We walked in just as they were closing and they stayed open just to serve us, and all the veggies were still super fresh. The service was a bit slow but I think that's because they had already packed everything away and had to rake it out especially fie us. The proprietors are super friendly and helpful and even though we didn't show them the Yelp offer, they gave us ice tea on the house.
Stopped here for a quick breakfast and coffee last week. The person at the counter was on her cell phone on a personal call. I approached the counter twice and she didn't hang up the phone. I finally placed my order since my friend and I took her coats off and set her table with our coffees while we waited for my avocado toast. After waiting a very long time I went up to the other end of the counter where the food prep was to see what was taking so long. The guy pointed to a takeout bag with my food in it. He said he called me, but he didn't know my name, I didn't hear anybody call anyting, and the woman who took my order was literally right behind me and didn't call out to me either. And why would they put it in a takeout bag? I was very obviously dining in.
Also, very weird that the absolute only milk option for coffees was whole milk.
My avocado toast happened to be delicious even though it was cold by the time I found it. coffee was also good that I would have preferred to different milk. Service was terrible.
Seems like a neighborhood favorite and if this was my neighborhood I'd be there every morning!  The staff is so kind and caring, ready to help and serve up your order quickly. 

I can't say enough how warm and inviting they made me feel each morning (went 3 mornings in a row while in town).
Good coffee and a plentiful selection of sandwiches and other breakfast items.  

If you sit at the window seat during warm days and the windows are open you'll have the perfect people watching perch.

I miss Philly in general but I miss this place especially!
This place was a bit divey but great.   The breakfast sandwich was delicious and the yogurt parfait was made fresh to order with lots of berries and banana. The coffee was good too. They were out of regular mocha but had white mocha.  I will definitely be back!
Grabbed a quick lunch and it did not disappoint. I like when a place is busy because that means the food is going to be fresh :) It's a little small inside with a few tables to sit and enjoy. 

I had the Caprese Panini. It was everything I expected it to be and more.  The mozzarella was fresh and the pesto tasted great. 

I'd go for a quick bite and they have a variety of sandwiches and salads for all. :)
Oh God I love this place so much. Their wraps are absolutely massive and come with a side of loose tortilla chips, not the individual bags of chips that are available to purchase separately. They're also served up in a hard, clear plastic container instead of just wrapped up in paper.

I had the Chicken Club Wrap which did not stint at all on the chicken or avocado, two things that most places will try to go light on. It was amazing and incredibly filling, well worth $8.

For my second trip, a mere week later, I tried the Oriental Chicken Wrap which came again with lots of chicken and a good helping of almond flakes. The Asian sesame dressing paired well but did have the unfortunate side effect of dripping all over the place and making the 2nd half of my wrap a little soggier than I would've liked. Probably best to stick to creamier dressings in the future since the chipotle mayonnaise for the club wrap was no problem.

There's definitely an office-crowd lunch rush so try to get there before noon or after 1pm. It's a small operation and they're quick in processing the line of people for orders but, inevitably, slow down a little bit when it comes to rolling out the actual sandwiches/wraps.
I signed up for yelp just to write this cafe a review. Popped in here after a morning of site-seeing for a quick lunch. The food was absolutely delicious and super fresh. The protein bowl salad was probably the best salad I've ever had. The menu is large with tons of sandwiches, wraps, salads and smoothies. Definitely recommend!
As I had wanted to do prior, I tried this place again. I went in and ordered a Cobb salad. And as I had hoped, it was perfect. The chicken was flavorful, and the bacon was crispy. The avocado perfectly ripe. It was a textbook Cobb salad. The customer service and the food, quality and taste, exceeded my expectations. This is now my go to place for lunch in my neighborhood. I will definitely be returning again to try other items on the menu. Highly recommend!
I came here for lunch on a  Saturday and it was pretty good. The place wasn't crowded so service was quick. They have an extensive menu of salads, wraps, paninis including lots of vegetarian options. I also loved how many healthier options were available since I am trying to eat better. 

Ordered at the counter and our food was served within 5 minutes. I ordered the Southwest Salad. Everything in it was fresh and delicious. The grilled chicken still had some juiciness to it, which can be a challenge for some places. 

Overall a good experience. I am looking forward to coming back to try the tofu bahn mi.
Used DoorDash to have my protein bowl delivered for lunch. Extremely filling and delicious! Perfect meal for lunch. Portion size was perfect and the bowl was very generous with the chicken, avocado, eggs, etc. no complaints with my food and I will be back!
I came here once during a trip to Philadelphia. It was a chilly morning and I felt pretty hungry. I got their fully loaded sandwiches (maplewood smoked bacon, avocado, egg, tomato, greens and cheese) and hot milk. The sandwich was one of the best I've had in my memory. So many ingredients and so yummy! The breakfast here lighted up my day.
I asked the Apple Hostels where to go for breakfast and they recommended this place. I had the Eggselent breakfast sandwich and a fizzy lemonade with honey ginger which were both amazing. The Coronavirus means takeout only, but the food makes up for that.
It appears to be locally owned, is near my home, and has pork roll. I like it.

I got breakfast sandwich and enjoyed it. My lavender latte was good. 

The space is small. If you're looking to have a meeting over coffee, this might not fit the bill. But for a to-go order made just for you, it's a good option in the area.
I've been looking for an all-purpose eatery for a while, and I think I've found it in Cafe Square One. Salads, sandwiches, and even sushi are available, plus a few snacks and pastries. La Colombe coffee and smoothies are served, too.

All of the food I've had is good here--the sushi is very fresh and the sandwiches are all made to order. Definitely try the SQ Melt--it's a loaded three-cheese grilled cheese with tomato, avocado, and bacon. Plus it's only $6.75, which is a low price for an Old City sandwich.

Free Wifi is an added bonus, and there is a surprisingly large amount of seating for such a small place. However, the bathroom is out of order indefinitely, so you won't be able to sit here and drink coffee all day.

My biggest complaint is that the menu in store is a little confusing--the sandwiches are listed with their base price, which is good, but some of the extra ingredients (like a fried egg on the Baconator) is misleadingly listed as being part of the sandwich, when one actually has to ask to add it on, for an extra price. Some clarification would be helpful.
At first I did not understand why this run down hole in the wall had such good reviews. But I put my faith in Yelp and I'm very happy to say that the BELLO sandwich is the best vegetarian sandwich I've had!
Really a perfect little cafe.  Food is fresh and coffee good. No wait for us but we were hiring it after the morning rush. Very affordable.
Food and beverages - 5/5: Their iced mocha was awesome and the smoothie was very refreshing. The food portions were humongous and affordable and really delicious! We had the California club sandwich and chicken pesto panini which were both very tasty.

Ambiance - 4.5/5: Would love to have more seating, but it's very cozy and there's free wifi and lots of outlets hidden behind the long table off to the left.
I came in for a quick and easy lunch on Friday afternoon and loved their protein bowl! This place is great for anyone looking for a to go lunch that's healthy and fresh. It's a small place, so I wouldn't recommend coming with a large group but there was plenty of seating when I came during lunch. They offer a lot of different options from salads, paninis and sandwiches. It was difficult to just choose one but their protein bowl was wonderful! I substituted the greens for spinach but that's just a personal preference. The ingredients were fresh and it was so filling. There was a bit of a wait but once it arrived, it was worth it! The chicken was cooked perfectly with lots of flavor and moist. I also enjoyed the other add-ins to the salad. 

The staff here are really friendly and great with helping you make a decision, for those of us who are always indecisive like me :) I would love to come here all the time for lunch however I was just here for the weekend, but definitely would recommend to others looking for a great lunch spot.
Oh my~lanta...YUM! First time eating here in The City of Brotherly Love so I Yelped it. Thank you Yelpers for the guide! This quaint little sandwich place is amazing ~ great choice of salads and sandwiches too. I ordered the Jewish Hoagie...corn beef, roast beef, turkey and swiss cheese. They were out of hoagie buns so suggested focaccia bread. Great choice! Lettuce, tomato onion and Russian dressing was a great combination. The fact that my sandwich didn't have the swiss cheese (not my choice) didn't matter to me ~ it was delicious!

My husband had the Turkey Hummus Wrap and totally got wrapped into it! Said it was really good.

We rounded out our lunch with a Pumpkin Cinnamon Sugar muffin :)
Cafe Square One is a great local business on 3rd Street. The service is a little slow, but the food and the coffee are pretty tasty. It's not the greatest - I'd give this place 3.5 stars, if I could - but good enough for a quick bite.
I ordered the Bahn Mi panini and it was amazing! It was so well made and the tofu was marinated and grilled to perfection. The staff was incredibly friendly and seemed down to earth. I would highly recommend grabbing a meal here!! The food is tasty, fresh and well made!
My far the best place in olde city to grab breakfast and lunch during the week. Everything is so fresh and it's really inexpensive compared to most. The people who run the place are some of the friendliest , which is always an added bonus.
I've been a long time customer at Cafe Square One, ordering at least once a week since they've opened. I love the fresh food and healthy filling lunch options. Unfortunately, I've had two unsavory experiences that make me cautious to continue eating here. In one salad, I found multiple pieces of aluminum foil still attached to pieces of chicken. They explained the chicken is grilled in aluminum foil and wasn't completely removed before it made it onto my plate. While this was unsavory, it seemed to be a one off mistake. In another recent salad order, I found a big dead bug hanging out in the lettuce. Perhaps they're not careful enough with washing veggies and preparing food. They kindly offered a refund the second time, but unfortunately I no longer trust the food won't have surprises.  The food is delicious, but you might want to take a closer look at each bite.
Breakfast was a big disappointment. Got the farmers platter, they didn't give us any toast which should have come with it, the bacon was burnt and a huge lump and looked so unappetizing. The eggs which we ordered sunny side up were not cooked and still had parts of clear egg white. When we told them the eggs were not cooked they overcooked the eggs instead of redoing them sunny side up. The hash browns were tasteless and were lukewarm at the best. At least my cafe-au-lait and lox bagel tasted okay. Never coming back though.
Coffee = hot and fresh
I had the breakfast burrito and it was delicious..
A must stop for anyone visiting from out of town like me..
They had a blackboard outside advertising vegan cheesesteak, and our hotel was literally around the corner. We popped in and ordered a few things, almost all of which we customized and the staff could not have been nicer about it. The cheesesteak was to be a wrap but we didn't want a wrap, so they kindly put it on a panini for us (and the bread was fantastic). While it wasn't really a cheesesteak it was an absolutely delicious, substantial vegetable sandwich. We missed the cut-off for breakfast foods but they generously offered to make it anyway. Their smoothie was wonderful + fresh and my son just about inhaled it.

It is a very small cafe but they did pretty brisk business; while we were waiting for our order we saw many people pop in to pick up their take-away. One of the customers sat and loudly and for a long time had a blue-tooth conversation, so **everybody** got to listen to him. Another family was in for lunch and we overheard them say something was quite spicy, so we asked the kitchen to please lower the spice level which they did.

We were very pleased with the food we ate and I thought they had a friendly staff.
Came here for a light lunch and it was better than expected - chicken pesto panini, pear salad, chipotle wrap....no disappointments! Prices decent as well, especially if searching for under $10 to eat. Friend got a vanilla latte and said it was good!

Update: still good! Love the service and love that I can get unique flavors like Lavender
Excellent sushi at moderate prices. Staff aims to please. On one visit I found a small piece of plastic in a sushi roll. The chef came out and humbly apologized and returned all my money. On the next visit he added an extra roll to my order at no charge. An unusual menu with a variety of sushi options plus a menu of other sandwich choices.
You know when someone tries to do so many things that they can't really do any of them well? That's exactly how I feel about Cafe Square One. 

Their menu is super extensive and they boast that you can pretty much make any accommodation you wish, which is nice for those picky souls. I've had an array of items here from salads to bagels and I wasn't very impressed with any of them. Service is friendly, but very slow, even when you're the only customer. 

The smoothies are a solid 4-stars though and I will certainly return for those.
Came in here looking for coffee this morning. I got this (it was delicious) in addition to super friendly service and free wifi. In fact, I came back later on the same day to try their apple salad and it was DELICIOUS. 

This whole experience was such a lovely surprise to cheer up this rainy day!!
I love this place! It's an adorable little coffee shop on third street in Old City. It's a small but fairly well designed space with plenty of seating and room for people. The seating area has all your typical coffee house style seats such has tables, bars, and reading chairs. They have all your typical coffee house fair as well; bagels and sandwiches. I have been here quite a few times and it's all pretty good. Very friendly staff as well.
OMG. This is paradise. Kind, generous, creative, reasonable, and OH so delicious! I got the avocado toast with an extra egg. Out of drip coffe so he gave me Café Americano at the drip price. Support these guys -- their high ratings are well earned!
Literally one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. I got the California Chicken which I highly recommend. It was served it and fresh. They were generous on the avocado and chicken. The sandwich also contained honey mustard, lettuce, tomatoes and bacon. Definitely will go back!
I work across the street and have tried a lot of lunch spots in the area. This place is the real deal with quality ingredients. Real whole chickens! Fresh avocados! Easy online ordering! I eat here at least two times a week. Oh, friendly staff!
Placed order at 615pm. Restaurant advertises being open till 7. Arrived and found them closed. Sign on door says open till 7. Shame on you for false advertisment.
i was at the Camden aquarium and wanted to get something to eat i found this place on yelp and i went and got the capris panini and it was soooo good i loved it !!!
Cafe Square One is a hidden gem! I love to swing through on my lunch break for their enormous, affordable salads--full of protein and vibrantly colored veggies. They give plenty of dressing, too.

For breakfast, they offer huge bowls of oatmeal. Although I usually forego oatmeal while eating out (because I can make it at home), the sweet berries, mashed bananas throughout, and perfect texture makes Square One's oatmeal feel like a worthy takeout option. 

Pro-tip: Their rose latte is my favorite beverage--period. It's the kind of drink you sip slowly with your eyes closed.

The only reason I'm not giving this jawn five stars is the wait time: If you order at the counter, you've got a long wait ahead of you. Every. Single. Time. Even if you're planning to eat in the cafe, I recommend placing an online order ahead of time
I always pass this cafe on my way to work. It's always packed- which is a good sign/but a terrible one for my 9 month preggo self trying to squish in and order. I had to try this place for lunch one day- and I ordered a Cobb salad to go to head back into my office. I ran out to catch the shuttle to work and walked to work. I opened my salad container, and my salad was missing bacon, eggs, and the cheese. The disappointment was real. The chicken on my salad was delicious. I would like to give this place another shot as I think this was more due to the rush hour of lunch, but I'll probably dine in.
Was in Philly for a day, and decided to hit up the closest café for a panini. I was blown away by the service, food choice, and competitive pricing. This is definitely a place to which I'll be returning if I'm in the area again! 

P.S. I recommend the Chicken Pesto with a Berry Blast smoothie!
I am obsessed with this place. I order food and drinks here about once a week. They take their time and the quality is consistent. The result is  delicious food, lattes, and smoothies. I am especially fond of their golden lattes and italian melts.
We came across this place as we had scheduled a local tour of independence hall. The place was 10 minutes away from where our tour started so it was definitely convenient! There were only two people working so definitely be patient when you come visit here! We both got the fully loaded breakfast special, with two coffees (medium and americano). The total was around 25$ which is a tad expensive for breakfast but overall pleased with the cafe
I was staying in the area for a training. I decided to come here for a healthy breakfast. I decided to go with the Oatmeal. I came out with great presentation. Decorated with sticks strawberries, blue berries, raspberries, banana, shaved almonds, drizzled with honey. It was perfect. Each bite had crunch and flavor. Their cappuccino is perfect, great foam, making each sip thick and fluffy. 

They have a massive board with seemingly endless breakfast and lunch combos. I would certainly recommend this place if you're in the area for a quick healthy breakfast or lunch.
Cute little place. I got a cragel (cream cheese,  thick applewood bacon,  tomatoes and avocado on an everything bagel) and a iced coffee. For just under $10 near center city I thought it was a pretty great deal. Service was fast and friendly and the atmosphere was nice although it could use some dusting. Overall a great place.
Everything on their menu here is amazing!!!! I never write reviews but I have to make sure this place gets the recondition they deserve. I mostly get their salads which are filling enough to last you for a while. Their coffee and sandwiches are amazing as well. I always get the protein bowl salad and the spicy phill sandwich
This is by far my favorite cafe in old city. My husband and I live in the neighborhood and come here so often that they know us by name. We usually get a berry or tropical smoothie and a wrap . All of their food is fresh and made on the spot which we love and they make the best avocado and bacon wraps. My husband LOVES their chipotle aioli (it's a bit too spicy for me) and he always takes extras on the side. The staff is super friendly and welcoming even when we order for pickup and walk in with our dog. This is a MUST try if you're in the city and in the mood for a fresh panini, wrap, sandwhich, salad or smoothie.
Food is always good and their smoothies are to die for. Great hidden place for fresh food. Owners are always kind and will remember you if you come in often enough. If you're looking for a good salad their protein salad is to die for as well!
Excited to have another place in Old City for coffee.   Staff are super friendly with everyone.   Had a bacon egg and cheese sandwich and a cup of La Colombe coffee for 5 dollars- just about on par with a food truck but it's less greasy, and I get a place to sit and have free wifi.  Sweet deal!
The pumkin spice chai that i got was perfect. My wife ordered a pumpkin spice latte with soy milk. Her pumkin spiced latte came out as a plain latte with soy milk. We each ordered bagels hers with peanut butter and mine with cream cheese. Both were very good. Service was goos and prompt. Atmosphere was a quiet coffeehouse vibe.
We waited 45 minutes for our breakfast order which never came. Finally requested a refund and left. The woman at the register was taking orders, making the lattes, and taking phone orders. Lattes took 15 minutes to make and they were cold. The lid wasn't secured resulting in spilled coffee. We were visiting from out of town. Read the wonderful reviews. A bad breakfast experience and waste of time.
Just putting it out there, this place is awesome!!!  Good food, nice people, like the Old City charm...
By far the best sandwich spot in Old City! Best time to go is at lunch, but stuff runs out fast. I've been here several times since first trying it in March, and I'm proud to say I've never had a bad sandwich.
the staffs here are really friendly! love the crunchy salad and ice tea. they also offer a great variety of food!
This is my new favorite lunch spot in Old City Philadelphia! Came here for lunch with my friends and we all had great meals and the service was quick. The California Chicken Panini is delicious. Definitely coming back next week! Thanks!
In Philly for the day with 8th grade class trip.  Stopped in for coffee and dinner. Hole in the wall place with  Great food and atmosphere.
Awesome breakfast sandwiches (get the bacon egg & cheese on a croissant!) and strong, delicious iced coffee.  Cool vibe inside.
Service was great, but the food was mediocre. The eggs needed more flavour, little salt would've made it taste better. I also came across two short hairs in my egg sandwich - probably just my unlucky day.
I work near here and come by for coffee and a bagel many mornings, and sometimes I'll grab a sandwich or salad for lunch too. Everyone who works here is incredibly nice, and for the Old City the prices aren't too bad! I love this place.
Good food, awesome smoothies and great customer service. Almost every time I go I get the tropical bliss smoothie. I recently tried the buffalo chicken ranch wrap and it was amazing.
The food here is always amazing. Plenty of healthy salad options and delicious paninis. They also have plenty of smoothie options. 
I recommend the
 Apple salad: spinach, feta, Fuji apples, chicken, craisins, pecans and a raspberry vinaigrette.
Energy booster smoothie: strawberry, blueberry, banana, spinach, almond milk, and chia seeds. 

It is a very tight space and crowded around 12:00. Prepare for a long wait during this time or order online!!
Good food, lots of vegetarian options but the place is kind of grungy. A good cleaning, some organization and few decorations would go a long long way!
We found this place for a quick lunch with 2 families and kids. The selection of foods was good and price was also cheap for the area. While we waited for our food there was a cockroach walking up and down the food counter and (in August) our tomatoes were all yellow and mealy. The bathroom area was dirty as well. The food was mediocre and my salad had iceberg lettuce. While the food was good, the cockroach and cleanliness of the downstairs really threw us all off.
These ladies are QUICK!! I ordered the chicken pesto panini and was it was fantastic. Also order an iced latte and I mentioned that I like hazelnut but not too sweet. They nailed that too. Will be back!
Decent price for a quick lunch. It's always very busy but they have a variety of food- sandwiches smoothies soup etc. There are some tables for you to dine in as well.

I had the spicy Philly- p good and big sandwich too. All my coworkers liked their choices. 

Also- breakfast items all day. Def needs to try breakfast burrito next time.
Yummy! Came here based on the great Yelp reviews and was not disappointed at all!
There's a huge selection of Paninis, wraps, salads, smoothies and morning bites like bagels.

I went for the "incredible lox", a bagel with lox, cream cheese, avocado, tomato and fried egg for $9.75. The prices are low, this is basically the most expensive item on the menu!
Unfortunately, they were out of bagels, but suggested the multigrain bread to go with it, which was a solid choice.

I also got a maple latte with almond milk. The maple flavor is a little subtle, but still enjoyable.

My favorite is the sandwich, which is loaded with lox and the other ingredients. All fresh and delicious.

There's various seating areas from high tables along the windows to a comfortable padded bench and low tables with chairs.

I will recommend this place to my fellow conference folx and would come again happily.
My family and I stopped here before we departed for Houston and boy was it a treat! I ordered the Veggie Wrap and we all dined on lattes, rose lemonades and juices. This cafe reminded me of our little coffee shops back home and I loved it! The wrap was huge and filled with fresh vegetables and a nice side of chips and pickle. The coffee was delicious as well!
Highly recommended food in old city area. Serve tasty delicious sandwich and fresh salad made by friendly and nice staffs. The place is cozy and warm, very welcoming. Love the ice tea and open window seating.. Definitely will come back often...
Cute place but not thrilled with my experience. The cooler was not working so all of the bottled drinks were warm. My iced latte was very good but the bacon egg and cheese bagel was not good at all. The bagel was toasted too long so it was hard. The bacon seemed old and it was chewy. The woman taking my order was not friendly at all.
Very good food, fresh and healthy.  Nice to find healthy food that can be delivered while traveling. Fast delivery by GrubHub too.
Awesome small cafe located downtown near my job. Decided to try it out based on review and I'm glad I did. I got a freckled lemonade and the southwest salad. Everything is very fresh and taste awesome.
A nook worth exploring, where the portions are generous, the staff is welcoming, and may even host the next best writers. There is not too many tables but plenty of high top counter space to enjoy street views. There are also two small tables out front as well. 

After ordering at the counter we sat outside and our food was brought out to us with in ten minutes. We got an Italian melt, chicken pesto, and southwest chicken salad. The sandwiches were warm melted goodness and the salad was a refreshing but very large portioned. We would go back here again and again.
Wonderful find for breakfast this morning.  Great service and unique food offerings, plus the normal breakfast stuff, as well.  Good coffee.  Definitely go for breakfast, brunch or lunch, you won't be disappointed.
Awesome!!! We got many things to split between 2 adults and 2 kids. The bagels were packed with toppings - our kids were messy from the melty Nutella and cream cheese! My husbands egg and avocado sandwich was great. I got the oatmeal with mashed bananas which was also topped with berries, honey & nuts. It was delicious and the right tasty yet healthy breakfast I needed. They have dozens of espresso drinks listed on their wall. I had a maple latte that was delicious, and something I wouldn't have tried had it not been listed!
A very cozy cafe with a friendly staff and a great European feel. The coffee!!!! omg take the advice of a coffee addict, this place brews some of the best coffee ever!!!!! The blt was loaded with bacon which complimented my toasted whole wheat bread, fresh lettuce and tomatoes. Yums!!! I enjoyed my morning eats
One of my favorite quick bites in old city! Reasonably priced especially for the city. My sister  and I got a sandwich (spicy chicken salad) and salad (oriental) to split. The sandwich was $7 and the salad was $9. Both were delicious and fresh. 
Place was a bit older inside but somehow felt cozy.


*Note I visited before quarantine
Lovely atmosphere and smells delicious! Calm music playing which was nice. Small and quaint but didn't feel cramped. I got the fully loaded breakfast bite with the regular egg (could swap for egg white), which was delicious. Recommend!
Cafe Square One is the perfect spot for lunch or quick bites/coffee in the Old City area. If you happen to be visiting the typical historic stuffs in Philly, you know you just have to try Cafe Square One. I was trying to meet up with an old friend and Old City seemed to be a reasonable area from where we both were and I thought of Cafe Square One right away. What a cozy place to do meetups. They serve wide variety of coffees, teas, and delicious sandwiches (and I heard breakfast stuffs too). Prices are very reasonable and I love that CS Lewis quote painted on the wall.
