I am a loyal customer of this establishment- from the small hole in the wall they used to be located in- to the clean, modern, quaint little place they are in now. The food here is authentic, and oh-so delicious. The Pho is honestly the best I have ever had. It has been consistantly amazing everytime. All their food is flavorful- seasoned to perfection. My absolute favorite dish is the Mi Hoanh Thanh (Shrimp & Pork Wonton Noodle Soup) AMAZING FLAVORS IN THIS DISH!! If you aren't the most adventurous eater, this would be a good choice. Also, the BBQ Chicken with white rice is a safe option and the chicken tastes amazing and is tender AF. I cannot sing my praises enough for this restaurant. Eat here.
Oh my deliciousness! Baby girl was on the hunt for a tofu bahn mi, and I was in the mood for some soup. We have heard nothing but great things about new local hot spot Cafe Nahn so we decided to head there...

Unfortunately Cafe Nahn does not have veggie based broth (as of yet, they informed me), but they overheard my disappointment and offered to create my lil veg-heads and me a veggie meal just for us! Vermicelli, cabbage, tofu and such he said. We're in! It was absolutely delicious! What sounded like a bowl of plain ingredients was rather tasty! I'm not sure if it was how the tofu was marinated or the cooked and fried onions that gave it so much flair, but it was fantastic! Add the fresh bean sprouts, fresh mint and cilantro, the crunch of the cabbage and cucumbers and drizzled with the warmed soy sauce to top (although I didn't really feel it needed it) and it was so surprisingly flavorful!! My little one who had already eaten jumped right in on the action too! The bowl which they told us could be made with rice and fish sauce instead of soy was large enough to happily feed three of us! I'm telling you, it was insane! If this simple veggie bowl was an indication of what the other meals taste like, I'm impressed and think you will be too. Vegans and vegetarians, ask for this!! YUM!! So, so good!

The bahn mi was also a winner, but a tad different than we're used to. The tofu was soft and super tasty. The roll, crispy and perfect. It came with those yummy cooked onions, which is new to me. Not bad, just different. We did ask for this one sans jalapeño because the littles were eating it also. Very delicious. 

Complimentary hot tea completed our meal and the service was top notch. We were greeted by Mom, Pa and son. We felt like we were guests in their home. It was truly lovely!

The kiddos LOVED everything and I can certainly see us grabbing takeout from here often as many were doing last night. Baby girl who wasn't even hungry upon entering gave it a "100 Stars" and the other one asked when we can come back. 

Oh, back in angle parking and cash only!
OMG! Delicious! Delicious! I ordered the Bun Bo Hue and it was the the best bun bo hue that I have ever had. It had so much flavor and they give you such a huge portion for a great price. You didn't have to add anything extra to the broth. It was perfect. Service was friendly and prompt and the place was clean. We ordered 2 banh mi sandwiches to go. The marinated chicken with lemongrass and pork belly. The pork belly was ok but the marinated chicken with lemongrass was amazing. Best banh mi sandwich. Can't wait to go back.
Yes!!! The anticipating NEW and IMPROVED Cafe Nhan!!! 

The long wait is finally over. I've been dying for Nhan's fresh hot bowl of Spicy Beef Noodle Soup that I'm so loyal too that I refuse to go anywhere else! It's nearby the old location (about couple doors away), but better than ever in terms of indoor setting. Although still small, a lot more tables than before. Plus staff as well. All friendly.

This review is solely for the Bun Bo Hue. The bowl consists of a good amount of noodles and meat. I always get the special that comes with everything. Toss in some extra condiments. You know a twist of lime, fresh herbs, mounds of shredded red cabbage, and oh don't forget the funky shrimp paste. The soup still has that made out of love broth and carries the right dosage of spiciness. You can add more if you like at your own caution. I can really taste the richness of the flavor. Always a happy belly when finished.

They have other traditional Vietnamese dishes. Their Pho is quite popular too. However, their hoagies and rice dishes are decent. Prices have increased, but not too bad. I wish they offer desserts though. Would make my experience more complete. Oh, and it's still CASH ONLY.
This was my first time in this place, and I was amazed by how good the Bun Bo Hue is. 

The broth is so flavorful. I love their homemade chilli oil. It is really spicy as it should be, but it also has its unique aromas. Good Bun Bo Hue should have good chilli oil with it. 

The service was wonderful. Very attentive. The staffs cleaned up the finished dishes right away. The place is small with few tables but very homy, which is a plus. It was so very clean when I was using the restroom.
Been meaning to check out Café Nhan for the longest time, but they're always closed by 7:30pm, which is before the time we normally order dinner.

This Saturday morning, I was craving Bun Bo Hue badly, but I'm sick of Pho Ha shortchanging me on my fishcake and giving us leftovers. I scanned Café Nhan's menu, and I wanted one of everything. Finally, I decided to go with the Bun Bo Hue, since that is their specialty. I will have to try their other offerings next time.

It took longer than usual to pick up food, but it was worth it. Inside Café Nhan, it was packed with people, and it wasn't even 12pm yet. We picked up our Bun Bo Hues and drove back home to eat.

The portions were the largest I've seen. The broth was spicy and flavorful, just the way it should be. My husband and I were stuffed. Café Nhan was the perfect hangover cure we both needed.
This is the real deal. Best pho in Philadelphia. Best bun bon hue in Philadelphia. Don't even think about it and just come. Cafe diem and any of the pho places in Washington ave need to step their game up to beat this place's flavor. 

New location, it looks hip. I do genuinely miss their old smaller mom n pop size location but I am glad they are doing well. 

I think their flavor got even better than their old location... it did not drop. Glad they are back.
After reading up on Bún Bò Huê and with a recommendation had to come here.  Easy to miss as I walked right by had to call and the one girl who answered popped her head out and waved me down.  Small space friendly staff.  I got the BBH Dac Biet which includes the blood cubes. I did not get the large and still was unable to finish this though I'm not able to eat as much for breakfast as in my younger days lol. 

The coffee was good and I enjoyed the BBH and while the menu isn't big there seems to be a good selection of items to try that I'll have to come back for.
I so had high hopes, I wanted to believe that I found a Pho restaurant to replace the restaurant that closed in Collingdale last year. But it's simply not to be! Let's start with the Soup is fair to good just not great. Bun Bo hue Dac Biet it was not nearly as spicy as I would like but no problem nothing  a little sriracha can't fix. NOPE I was wrong the broth had a undesired sweet taste in the backwash. However the ingredients were perfect all of the butchers scraps including pigs feet which were tender. I loved that part! My hot tea was served lukewarm on a very cold night. So disappointed.

The restaurant is small but can accommodate quite a few people. Best of all the chef/mom/server/manager was awesome she really wants her customers to be happy. She checked on me often and was very pleasant as well as the rest of the staff. It's a very neat and organized space.

Although the tea was not hot and the soup not great, the yogurt was ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS enough to make me give Cafe Nhan another try.

Ambiance 3
Service 5
Price 4
Food/drink 3
Yogurt 5+++
Best BBH in Philly. My husband and I go here about once a week to eat the BBH. The pho, bun rieu, and banh mi are really good as well. Oh and don't forget to try their Vietnamese iced coffee.
What an absolute upgrade this place has gone through! The new place looks amazing comparative to their prior location. The long awaited re-opening of restaurant has finally come and I couldn't be happier. 

Hands down if I could give this place more than 5 stars, I certainly would. I've been to the restaurant a handful of times, and each and every single time I never leave disappointed. I've tried several things on their menu and they continue to exceed all expectations and all aspects that a restaurant should. 

Staff are ALWAYS friendly and cater to exactly what you need. Personally I have a low spicy tolerance so I'm unable to try the Bun Bo Hue that everyone raves about. My recent visit - I ordered the Bun Ca Ri (vermicelli with curry). It came out PHENOMENAL. The chicken melted in my mouth, the meat practically fell off the bone. The potatoes were nice and soft, just like I like it. The broth was a perfect consistency, I personally do not prefer broths that are too watery, but at the same time not too thick. This was perfectly right in the middle for curry. Flavor was delightful and tasted exactly like my grandma's home cooked curry (this place is the epitome of bringing home cooked food into the restaurant setting). Noodles were cooked to my exact liking and texture. Everything together just blew me away. 

They give hearty portions so I'm always leaving this place with leftovers. Prices are average for the typical Vietnamese cuisine in the area but you're definitely paying for higher quality than other establishments. Highly recommend, I'll stop here any chance I get when I'm in the area!!
If you looking to find the Bon Bo Hue in all of Philly.  There are only 2 places you should go to. Either Cafe Diem or here! I tried many Bon Bo Hue since it was introduced to me. Sometimes I prefer to have it over pho. 

I heard about this place for years but never had the opportunity to come until my girlfriend brought me here. Of course, we gotta order the Bon Bo Hue. We didn't order two of them cause we want to try something else at the place as well. So we ordered a banh mi and Bun Ca Ri Ga. The banh mi was okay, not our favorites. The Bun Ca Ri Ga, is a curry noodle dish with potatoes and chicken. That's delicious, definitely recommend that too. Overall the food and service are great!!!

Food: 5/5
Price worth: 5/5
Service: 5/5
Atmosphere/Vibe: 5/5
I had a very pleasant experience here. The food and service were great! Despite all my food adventures in over 16 countries, I somehow managed to never have tried Bun Bo Hue. However, given all the great reviews for Cafe Nhan, I knew this would be the perfect place to do it!

Even though I ordered the smaller sized bowl, the portion was HUGE. There were generous amounts of broth, noodles, and toppings, including garnishes such as bean sprouts, Thai basil, and lime (similar to the ones served with Pho). 

Everything tasted great - the broth was piping hot and had a nice kick to it. The beef was good - the slices were nice and soft. In general, I am not a fan of very thick noodles, which is what they used, so I wasn't in love with the dish (the thicker noodles slipped around easily, making it harder to chew them)... however, they were well made and this is definitely a matter of personal preference. 

This had been on my to-try list for a long time, so I am glad it finally happened! It's a bit out of the way if you don't usually hang out in South Philly, but I think it is worth the trek!
Make sure you are not wearing your Sunday best when you visit Cafe Nhan.  Because if not, depending on what you order you could be wearing some of your dinner!  

Definitely concur with the other reviewers here that the Bun Bo Hue is really delicious here.  The broth is super delicious, I often find myself slurping the broth before I even finish the noodles or the other accompaniments.  It is the slurping that never fails to stain the dress shirt I'm wearing.  The entree itself should just come with a bib as part of the meal.  Thankfully all my ties have been spared!  I've also tried the chicken leg and the fried spring rolls but honestly, the Bun Bo Hue is definitely the thing to get here.  Although ordering anything other than the Bun Bo Hue would be alot safer for my shirts/ties.   

As far as the service, it is generally accommodating here, I once forgot my wallet in my car outside and was able to leave without paying to retrieve it and come back.  I'm also glad to see they finally updated the hours correctly on their website.  If I had written this review earlier when it was listed that they were open on Wednesdays when they weren't or when they stated they were open 30 mins later when they weren't, I would have knocked it down to three stars.  I arrived a few times when they were closed even when yelp or their own website stated they were open.  As a result I don't visit as often even though I want to.

Free parking is a super pain in the rear.  There is however meter parking nearby.
One of the best bun bo Hue I've ever had. And I've been calling it bbh for as long as I can remember. Lol.
I'm always on the look out for a good BBH spot. Cafe Nhan is on my list of top 5 BBH spots. The Goi Cuon was wrapped loosely so it started falling apart after the first bite. However, the BBH saved the day. The broth was rich but clean and the noodles were cooked just the way I like it, has a bite to it. My only complaint is that I got the "special" for the house made blood cubes but I only counted about 3 or 4 small cubes of blood in my soup.
Whoa, seems like everyone really raves about the pho here, but, I normally only go for one dish. They have the best bun bo hue in the Philadelphia region. They tend to run out of this dish often (total bummer and I have to order other items), but I still go later in the day hoping for that last bowl (I did get the last bowl once at the old location btw...lol...so it does happen, if I'm lucky). I do recommend going early though if this soup is the only thing you absolutely want.

New location is still small, but bigger than the previous place. Very cute and designed nicely. I came on a weekend a little after lunch. Half the menu was already sold out. I was totally bummed. So, I tried their banh mi bo kho (beef stew served with bread to dip it in). It was good, had a bit of a kick, and loaded with beef and carrots, but it didn't quite hit the spot. I think some beef tendons in it would have been nice. My husband had the oxtail pho when we last went. The bowl seems to have gotten smaller??? Maybe I don't quite remember, but I used to remember him leaving the place full, but this time, he was still starving. The broth was very flavorful though.

They definitely need to make more broth for the Bun Bo Hue! LOL (I'm sure they are still testing out their new location and amount of soup needed though). I will certainly be back, but earlier next time to guarantee myself a bowl of deliciousness.
I love my visits to Philly because I always find spots that are authentic with cultural vibes. Cafe Nhan was no exception. 

I landed in Philly and before visiting family I needed Pho. Literally needed it. I flew up from GA, and I was cold and felt a cold coming on. I searched Yelp per usual and decided on the place with the best reviews that was in my direction of travel and stumbled upon this place.

I was greeted promptly and told I could sit where ever I wanted. Nicole was my server. She was great and super attentive and if I heard correctly it was her birthday!  She worked on her birthday and was in the best of spirits. It made my day. 

The restaurant was small, but very cozy, super clean and the service was quick.

I ordered Pho with shrimp. I requested veggie broth but this restaurant only has beef :(. I have to admit, this threw me off. Only beef broth? Don't get me wrong it was still good broth, but did not mesh will with the shrimp. Speaking of the shrimp, they were not deveined (in case you are that person like me that doesn't like to see the inside of the shrimp while eating it). Also, I do believe the shrimp might have been frozen (they were not as flavorful as fresh never frozen shrimp usually are). Aside from that, all of the fixings were set out nicely and Nicole made sure that I had everything that I needed. 

Upon departure, I was asked about my experience. The team seemed very interested in what they could do to make their customers experience better. I inquired about the fact that they only have one type of broth for their Pho and it was explain to me that they did not want to compete with their next door counterparts which cater to vegans and vegetarians. I completely understood, yet thought to myself, its not competition when you're doing your thing. Give people what they want ;), I want veggie broth in my Pho this season.  

Overall great experience. If they ever get veggie broth or if I become a regular meat eater I will return. 

I do recommend this place, the experience and service were both great.
The search is over. I doubted the raving reviews about this establishment's bun bo Hue --- I must admit that I have to hand over the crown to Cafe Nhan. Unlike other restaurants, Cafe Nhan delivers on their spicy lemongrass soup. The broth is infused which such rich flavor and spice, the vermicelli noodles the perfect chew and bite, loads of protein in a bowl - enough to let the $11/bowl pricing pass. Minor points taken off in the taste department for a salty broth and chewy pork knuckle.

As it has already been mentioned, the space is a nice upgrade from their previous location. Seating arrangement is not so packed, open feeling, clean atmosphere, nice lighting and modern aesthetics (especially the custom logo, LED-lit counter space).

While their food does bring the flavor, the inconvenience of cash only especially being at a higher price point than their competitors can make them less attractive. Other than that, they certainly have made an impression to keep me coming back.

Pro tips:
- Stick with the regular BBH, unless you really like pigs blood. Not worth the extra $1.
- Upgrade your bowl size costs $3.
- Check out their yummy homemade yogurt. A simple and perfect dessert to a warm bowl of noodles.
On a rainy day I was craving some pho and was in the city! I found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a shot. Waitress was very nice and sat me down at a table. I love how you get a whole pitcher of water so you don't have to wait for someone to refill your water. I got the fried spring rolls and the round eye steak pho. 
The pho came out first and the broth was super flavorful. There was a lot of noodles and not a lot of meat. It was a huge bowl of pho and I ended up taking the other half home for dinner (which I never do). 
Spring rolls were fried and tasted great with the dipping sauce. The rolls were filled with shrimp, meat and veggies. So delicious! I would def. Come back here again when I have a craving for pho.
really sweet service and staff here. came for the BBH that i was craving so much and got that along with some cha gio egg rolls.
Egg rolls themselves came out about 10 min after my BBH came out, and i want to say they're either fried too hard or wrapped around too many times, biting into the egg roll was a little difficult. still yummy though and you can tell its made with love and not from a freezer.
love how the vietnamese ham/cha was cut so so so thin. other places just kinda throw huge rubbery chunks in, but i loved how it was cut here.
cafe sua da was yummy too. very obviously popular spot for families to enjoy authentic food there.
Excellent hangover food! I ordered the Bun Bo Hue and it seriously gave me life again. The meat was tender and the broth was packed with flavor. I could have seriously drank a tub of the broth alone! 

I also ordered the Cafe Sua Nong (hot coffee with condensed milk).. delicious!
The best bbh I've ever had flavor-wise. I really enjoyed it. The noodles had the perfect texture and I like that they had the option for porks blood. I wish they had had banana flower. Maybe that's a west coast thing? Only critiques are I thought the broth was a bit on the oily side. And the spice level was on the verge of being uncomfortable. And I can handle my spice. So definitely ask for less spicy if you come here. Tables were spaced out.
Neighborhood gem!! Finally got the chance to try out the new location (which is a few doors down from old) and it was just as good. I love the bun rieu here, it's flavorful with decent amount of fix-ins. The color of the broth is spot on and reminds me of a home-y taste. BF has tried the bun bo hue and he really enjoys it as well. The meat was tender and broth was also delicious. The new space is modern and clean with much more seating. The staff are all super friendly. The menu is more expansive now so there is something for everyone! Overall, a very decent meal for a reasonable price.
This place is really good for a nice comfort meal on rainy Sundays! The banh mis are yummy, but not that big - since they're only $5, however, it makes for a pretty good meal if you're looking for something lighter. The pho here is good, not the best I've ever had, but nothing to complain about (although I've seen much bigger bowls for $10 before). What is fun about this place is all the more unique dishes you can try. We just tried the bun ca ri ga (curry noodles), and they were amazing - definitely my go-to now! All of my friends love the bun bo hue as well; I have definitely had bun bo hue with better meat and bigger sizes, but it's pretty solid. In my opinion, the prices are just a bit higher than I'd expect, so I wouldn't come here every week. Altogether, Café Nhan is a great place to support - the owner is very nice and you will feel welcome in the small restaurant.
This was some of the best Pho I've had in awhile. Such an authentic, homemade feel with delicious flavors. Accommodated whatever sides, sauces etc. I requested. 

Although the cafe is smaller, the great service and delicious pho makes up for that! 10/10 would recommend, can't wait to return!
Pretty good! 

Cafe Nhan is a cozy little space, with what could be no more than 8 tables inside. Our servers were so friendly, and I felt very welcomed and comfortable. 

Onto the food - I was impressed by the menu. They offer pho with all the good fixins - even the blood cube! - *as well as* bun bo hue. Sometimes it's hard to find both at the same restaurant. I also saw some op la, some bun thit nuong, and an exhaustive list of Vietnamese coffee - hot, iced, soy, coconut..... Nice. 

I wasn't impressed by our starter, the spring rolls - I think Pho Cyclo around the corner spoiled me for those.

My bowl of brisket pho was also decent - my only complaint is that the broth lacked depth. I know pho broth isn't supposed to be complex - the best, IMO, tastes bright and clean - but Cafe Nhan's broth was very one-dimensional: salty. 

I'd definitely come back to give the other menu items a try.... first, there is literally nothing more refreshing than a cool plate of bun thit nuong in the summertime, and second, I still haven't found a good bowl of bun bo hue in the city. So I can't wait to try those here. But with so many amazing pho options in South Philly, I wouldn't come out of your way for the pho.

Anyway, I'm happy to have yet another solid Vietnamese option in the neighborhood. I love South Philly.
Want some clean and GOOD pho? This is the place to go! I've gotten the pho here and the broth was so clean. Not only was the broth was clean but the overall taste of this pho was worth it. This is one of the best pho places I've been too.

The atmosphere in the restaurant isn't too big and good to bring families and friends. There is parking on the streets in the neighborhood which is always a plus not to pay for parking. 

A place that is recommend if your are looking to try viet food!
New location (bigger than previous with more dining space), but still small in general, so try and go during off times. Also, I really recommend going EARLY, because they run out fast!

My go to dish is the oxtail pho. Not many places I know make it good. Oxtail falls perfectly off the bone, but not too overcooked that it's mush. My wife loves their spicy noodle soup, but they do run out of it often. She says it's the best in the Philly region. I do trust her judgement and so should you! LOL (she told me to make sure I type that).

Overall: I will be back, but earlier next time. Drooling thinking about it.
I forgot to take a picture but I ordered takeout from here and have a few thoughts.

1. The Pho Ga was amazing!! The flavors are all so rich and exactly what you want from a good bowl of Pho! 
2. The woman who took my order and then helped me in the shop was so kind and friendly and really wants you to have a great experience! This is customer service that is hard to find and so greatly appreciated! 

This was my first time eating from here and I can tell I will be going back very often! Such a delight! Best Pho in Philadelphia!
This place is a little gem. Called in for pickup and love how quick their service was. My family and I ordered a feast from here basically  but it was all worth it. My mom is a bit picky and the fact that she asked if we can come back and order it again says a lot! 

We ordered bun bu hue without the pork blood and banh mi's. The banh mi's were cheap and delicious. The bun bo hue broth was packed full of flavor. The meat was tender and when we ordered there was a special where they had extra beef brisket, that jawn was tender af. I'd say the BBH is pretty comparable to Cafe Diem. They're both good but I have to say, the meat from Cafe Nhan seals the deal for me. 

FYI, parking is a bit difficult in this area and if you reorder the food I'd say heat up the broth on a stove top, it'll feel like you didn't even order for pick up.
Off the beat and path for Vietnamese in South Philly but aptly nestled in the authentic restaurant capital of Philadelphia.  Do not miss the chicken wings- just trust me on this.  The broth on the soups are reminiscent of living with grandmother. I cannot wait to be back foe the bahnmi.  Great job.
I love this place. I come here at least once a week. Staff is friendly, quick, and pleasant. Food is super good. It is tiny but the at home atmosphere is welcoming. They really do have the best bun bo hue in the city. No one else compares.
Love this small local spot that serves flavorful bun bo hue and traditional beef pho. Service is great too and they also have a bathroom available for patrons. Space is small so coming with 4 or less is ideal. They take credit card which is convenient. The only downside is they close early (7pm) on the weekday so plan ahead if you want to come for dinner.
Awesome food and experience. Young lady working the register and waiting on us was very pleasant and professional. Food was authentic and delicious.
Bun Bo Hue is one of my favorite noodle soups so after eating Cafe Diem I wanted to try the other BBH spot. The restaurant is small but there's a decent amount of seating even if it's a little tight. Luckily I didn't have to wait too long for a table for two. The menu is pretty limited but there's also pho and rice dishes along with bun bo hue. I got the regular bun bo hue size which was a very generous portion.

The broth is clean and flavorful and all of the meat is well cooked and tender. Cafe a banh gives more broth than Cafe Diem which make it easier to put all the cabbage and sprouts in. 

Both places are delicious and will cure your bun bo hue cravings, it's all a matter of preference. Glad I finally tried it out!
Cafe Nhan delivers the best pho I've ever had, and I've had my fair share on both coasts! The broth is so deep of flavor, not too salty, and very refreshing - I never leave with the msg-filled heavy-laden feeling that I often do after indulging in a bowl of pho elsewhere in the city. I always get the pho dac biet which is their deluxe pho that comes with all the beef pieces (tendon, tripe, meat ball, and round beef). With winter just around the corner, I can have this everyday!

I'm really happy about their new location as the expansion allows for more seating whereas before I always had to do take-out since I wasn't sure how crowded the small space would be. I'm also happy to see that their service has remained outstanding with the new expansion!

I've also had the opportunities to taste their lemongrass marinated pork chop over rice, and the pork chop was also one of the best I've ever had. Their bahn mis are cheap but on the smaller end, but also with perfectly crisped buns how can you resist :)

Be prepared that it's CASH ONLY and parking is fine if you venture into one of the residential streets.
My previous experience before it moved: 

Environment: Hole in the wall. Only feeds to their low-key excellence.

Service: Andrew and his mother are a powerhouse. Between these two and the other staff, they absolutely love to serve you, absolutely love what they do and they do not hesitate to deliver excellence.

Food: I don't even know where to start. If you like spicy, the Bun Bo Hue here is easily one of the best right next to Cafe Diem. If you like clean-tasting (not the most quantity) pho, please.. get the pho. I have gone here enough times, that I ask Andrew (owner) to order for me/surprise me. He got me the Chicken Curry one time and it was absolutely amazing. From it's light, limey, coconut flavors in the perfect textured sauce, there is absolutely no doubt that this is easily THE BEST Vietnamese food in Philly as of right now. I currently am eating a gluten-free diet, and they are willing to switch out my noodles for cabbage (extremely accommodating) and by no means compromises the taste what-so-ever. PLEASE, if you come to Philly this place does not disappoint. Easily better than most places I've been to in California (home of authentic Viet food).

Price: For about $10-12, easily one of the best quality Vietnamese places I've had in my life without breaking the bank.

Modified comments: Wow, nothing has necessarily changed in terms of the quality of food. If anything, I feel like the tea improved and the environment went through a significant upgrade. Thankfully, this place is super clean, very modern, and even sells apparel! Great great spot if you still want some of the best Vietnamese food in the city; hands-down..
Love this Vietnamese restaurant located in south philly!! I got the chicken pho and my friend got the beef pho with all the fixings. Portion sizes were huge! I couldn't finish mine but then again I ate 6 tacos and a tamale earlier so that might've been why. The broth was soooo flavorful and delicious!! I normally don't even get chicken bc or the lack of flavor but it did not disappoint. The only thing is that I was super thirsty after. All that salt broth with not enough water. Get that water in folks!!
We went to Cafe Nhan on a very cold and windy day, perfect for some bun bo hue! We usually go to Cafe Diem for that but wanted to try a new place. I have heard great things about this joint, and my friend mentioned about their chicken congee although I didn't see that on their menu. My boyfriend and I got their bun bo hue, while I had the addition of pig blood. Very good pig blood there, it had this great deep flavor. Which I wish they had gave more of. The bun bo hue was perfect and authentic! Pretty spicy, above mild for sure, but it's got such a tasty broth that you would love to eat and slurp more of the soup. I swear drinking and eating this might've cleared up most of our sinuses too because we were getting over a cold. The service was super fast and pleasant. Loved the atmosphere and the set up. I just wish the place was a little bigger with more seating!
My favorite Viet restaurant in Philly and I was born and raised in this city! Nice little spot to get a big flavorful bowl of noodles. Best Bun bo hue and bun rieu- with generous amount of meat and noodles. The boss lady is very nice and checks on her customers regularly!!! Not expensive at all, you are getting what you're paying for! Definitely recommend for anyone visiting philly for a week, a day or a month!
Cafe Nhan is definitely one of the top players when it comes to Vietnamese in Philadelphia. From the cute and charming restaurant, to the amazing customer service, this place is definitely will become a staple in an instant. I tried the bun bo hue, a specialty of the hue region in Vietnam. It's a spicy beef noodle soup with lemongrass and shrimp paste. The instant the steaming bowl of beef deliciousness hit my senses I knew I was in for a treat. Besides the bun bo hue, the pho was also delicious as well. Most pho places in Philadelphia does not capture that complexity and simplicity of the dish to its full potential like Nhan does. So if your into the basics, then pho will not disappoint.

The staff was great and accommodating. The best part was how involved the cook, a cute Vietnamese woman was in providing excellent service and experience. She was soo humble and definitely went around the tables to make sure everyone was enjoying her passion and food.
Visiting Philadelphia for the 4th of July weekend. The food here are delicious. The bun bo is very flavorful and the bun rieu are delicious. These two dishes are hard to find outside of California that are delicious but here they are. The pork chop are moist and fill with lemon grass favors. So delicious. The yogurt are a delicious dessert treats. I got to visit the kitchen. I think owner are OCD because the kitchen is spotless. You can probably ate off the floor spotless. I have never seen a Vietnamese restaurant kitchen as clean as this one. The price are reasonably and will definitely come back
Bomb.com

They have relocated a couple of doors down from the old tiny spot. This new location is a bit bigger and cleaner. Of course with an increase in workers, the price also went up! 

It's always an easy choice to get Bun Bo Hue from Cafe Nhan but I feel like that's all I could from the recent changes. The Mi Bo Kho is not the same as before, rice dishes are still probably the same and the pho was still 3/5. Banh Mi is great but not worth that price for a very small roll.

Regardless, I still love the place for the staff. Super friendly boss and staff that serve with politeness and patience!
I ordered take out from here and was greeted with great service. The place itself was pretty empty but has lots of seats and looks clean. I ordered the combination pho, bun bo hue, pork chop over rice, and the combination banh mi. The noodles were flavorful and the bun bo hue was on the spicy side but I really enjoyed the soup. The pork chop over rice was kind of disappointing. It was only one piece of pork chop. The banh mi was really small, no wonder it was around $5. Overall, come for the noodles!
Is crying during a meal normal? 
I thought I was eating from the hands of gods. 
Yes I was hungover, yes it's from the greatest win of all time! Yes I needed Vietnamese to take the excitement down. But my goodness I wasn't prepared for this. My boyfriend usually NEVER chooses a place to eat. But he knocked it out of the park on this one. Our local placed closed 4 months ago So we've been looking for that flavor and we found a flavor metropolis here! They were closing by the time we got out of traffic but placed our order very kindly. Offered tea and water while we waited. We got the spring and summer rolls, Pho and pork belly. Fresh isn't the word to respective describe it. It's one of the best meals I've had in my life. And I EAT.  
I do have one(tiny -nothing they can do about it) complaint, the parking sucks. You all know I'm a stickler for where I leave my car and sadly this is an unsavory neighborhood. Broad street is like 2 blocks from this joint had I known I would have parked some place safer and walked. 
As a pro, they take a card. which I noticed was a huge deal a while ago. It just started recently. Go there, take everyone you know, leave before I get there. Please and thank you!
My all time favorite to grab a quick bowl of noodles in South Philly area. I love the Bun rieu here. The bun bo hue is good but really spicy, so I usually choose no spicy bun bo hue. It will still give you a kick but not a crying experience
Pros:
The staff is really nice.
The bun bo hue is delicious and a must get! I prefer to get it at its original spice level with the pig feet and onions, but you can choose to get less spice, no pig feet, and/or no onion.

Neutral:
Spring rolls were pretty standard.

Cons:
The summer rolls were too much wrapper, not enough filling. The peanut sauce it came with was too runny.
The menu is small but it packs a punch. Less is definitely more in this case. What they do offer are great representations of traditional dishes. However, the flavor profiles are approachable, even for the most novice of diners. 

The dining space is also limited, maybe 30 seats on a good day. But that's not a bad thing. A lot of the menu travels well, especially the bahn mi. If you're new to Vietnamese cuisine, then that's where you start. 

Then you make your way to com ta, pho, and finally bon hue. That's the hierarchy imo. But if you're the adventurous type then dive right in.  The food is good enough at Cafe Nhan that you probably won't have a bad experience if you just closed your eyes and pointed to something on the menu. 

Street parking on Passyunk is what it is. The restaurant is located in a heavy residential area so maybe bus or Uber?  In any event it's worth the trip. 

Stick to the game plan...
Everyone was raving about this place, so i was expecting more.

The taste of the broth was definitely good....however, they don't give much meat.  I got the regular standard pho, and the ratio of noodle to meat was off. 
If they gave more meat, I would give this 4 stars.
I see a lot of great reviews about this place but for me, it is just mediocre pho place. I order the pho. The soup was sweet broth. Like it's been cooked for a long time, but it's not enough spices for me. The meatball they is great though. Wonder if they made it themselves or bought it. 
The bahn mi is also mediocre. The pork belly is not as flavorful I was hoping.
Their homemade hot sauce is super spicy, but that is not why I'm looking for at a pho place.

Edit: just to clarify, I didn't put the hot sauce on the pho, because that is not why I didn't enjoy the pho. I put the hot sauce on the side to eat it with my bahn mi.
Amazing place, awesome food love the Pho or the Bun Bo Hue. Defiantly coming back for some grub this weekend
I came with 7 of my coworkers. Called ahead and Nicole was very accommodating with out group, even after several modifications. We were on a tight schedule so we called our orders ahead of time and got a few orders to go. 

After we arrived, the food was promptly served. Portions were large. They even offer an XL portion. I ordered the Bun Bo Hue, which was one of the best I've had. As mentioned by other reviewers, it is a more strongly flavored broth  compared to Cafe Diem. This place has joined Cafe Diem as my top Bun Bo Hue bowls in Philadelphia.

My coworkers also praised the food and Nicole and team's service. Most of them were non Vietnamese food eaters, but they all enjoyed it. They particularly enjoyed the Pho and Thit Kho. 

I very much enjoyed my experience here. We had quality food and fast  and friendly service. Would come back again.
Their pho is so full of flavor! I have to say I was very sad they had to close for renovations but so happy that they're back open and doing well.  I support independent businesses and their BBH is DELICIOUS! No one else in the city can compare!
Adorable cafe with amazing food! Bun buo hue and BBQ chicken were both to die for. Owners are really sweet and staff is attentive. A rare gem!
I love bun bo hue so when I read reviews that this place has the "best" one, I had to go check it out. It really comes down to personal preference: nhan has a browner thicker base soup with a hint of "brothiness" close to anchovies (is it fermented shrimp paste?) while diem has a clearer soup fit even for the hottest summer day. Heat level was practically the same. While there are more types of meat in nhan's bowl, there's larger quantity of meat in diem. Try them both folks!

Other non-food observations:
1) Surprisingly good location but rather hard to find the sign (black font on gray brick). Really close to Snyder station on BSL.
2) Also upon entering you're hit with a strong smell of incense (which I don't mind at all but my fiancé could tell when I returned home). Maybe the alternative would've been the scent of my alluring post meal breath (there was too much sliced onion). Totally worth it!
I absolutely LOVE this place. I remember when it was a hole in the wall a few doors down from its new location-which by the way was an old nail salon that my uncle owned! It's so sick seeing it transformed into a restaurant! 

The service is great, very attentive, nice and there's a great comfortable, home-y vibe. I came here the morning of the super bowl game so naturally it was packed because everyone was getting their pho fix. A woman-who i believe was the owner, came out to greet all the tables and she even recognized regulars that sat behind us. 

Onto the food, I got the bun bo hue, which everyone I know claims to be better than famous Cafe Diem. In my personal opinion I don't think it's better than Cafe Diem's BBH, but it's definitely up there in 2nd place. We also got the banh mi
op la to share and what came out was not expecting. It came out in a sizzling hot skillet with caramelized onion, red peppers, and vietnamese cold cuts all fried together with an egg on top and toasty baguette on the side....UM....AMAZING?!!??!!!! I've only seen banh mi op la served as basically a deconstructed banh mi thit nguoi with a fried egg so I was super intrigued and not only that it was DELICIOUS!! I will definitely be back, I can't say enough good things about this place!
I was a fan of this place before it moved into a fancier setting. It used to be a hole in the wall place where you were guaranteed to wait outside if you came on a Saturday during regular lunch hours and even irregular lunch hours! My SO and I were so saddened that it decided to move to a new location because we didn't know where to go for solid BBH as we wait for it to open back up again. But the wait is over!!! We both ordered the deluxe BBH and while the taste is the same and still so delicious I thought the freshness of the beef cuts dropped. It tasted like the beef was several days old. Perhaps the BBH we got was on the later end of the batch, because I do know at the old place- they mass make it during one of the days and just store it in plastic containers and reheat as it is ordered. Will definitely give it many more chances because the flavor is still solid.
Everything in this little restaurant is delicious!! Prices can be expensive compare to other places but you get what you pay for... I won't recommend ordering to-go since every time I to-go their portion is very small compare to their dine in portion. Their bun bo hue is the BEST! One of the best places to eat Vietnamese food if you're in Philly.
Ever since this place first opened, I've been wanting to try it. So many great reviews, you have to try it for yourself. 

I stopped by after that enlarged my restaurant. There's a good amount of seating and the staff is very kind. 

I hear about the bun no hue all the time so I decided to try it out. I'm Viet so I know bun bo hue can be pretty spicy. But the waitress was so kind to suggest that they could ask the dilute the broth to make it less spicy for me- which I seriously appreciated. 

We ordered the fried wontons to start and the bun bo hue as a meal. I suggest both of them!! 

If you're thinking of coming here, do it! You won't be disappointed.
I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review for this place, but now I need to share! I'd heard such great things for so long that I needed to see for myself what the hype was all about. And it certainly delivered. First off, the service is impeccable. Quick, polite, efficient, and one of the waitresses there is so charming! Wish I knew her name but you'll know her when you see her! It's a shame the space is so small, because it usually results in a bit of a wait during busy times, but totally worth it.

Now let's get to the food. The pho broth here is unreal. It's just as flavorful as other places in south philly, but super CLEAN, without all the grease and MSG. I can actually finish every drop of the soup without feeling gross and lethargic afterwards. They also have the best BBH (bun bo hue) I've ever had--always a struggle deciding between the two every time I go. The bahn mi's are also solid, and my friends are a big fan of the rice bowls, though I haven't tried it myself. It is considerably pricier than other pho joints, but you get your money's worth if you're really going for quality and not quantity. 

Oh, and don't forget to get the viet iced coffee!
Great place for Vietnamese good! My favorite is their fried wonton and bun bo hue. The place is not that spacious so make sure to call ahead of time if you plan to bring lots of people. Highly recommmend!
New location is beautiful! This location is still small, but that's mostly because it's busy. The food and the service is amazing. The wait staff are attentive but not pushy or annoyingly hovering all the time. I had the marinated chicken and egg w/rice the chicken was super soft and flavorful and it was just as good as if my mom made it, and that's saying a lot since I usually don't like most Vietnamese food compared to my mothers' cooking. My bf has the Bun bo hue, which was super flavorful and spicy but not too spicy. We've had the bun bo hue from the old location and it was good then but it's improved a bunch now to where I have no complaints at all. The last thing we tried was the banh mi dac biet which was the pork belly & sliced pork hoagie. It was good but I would've wanted it to be bigger and more meat! Lol but that might be me being greedy. Overall this will be my go to Vietnamese restaurant.
That place is amazing. The service is amazing and food is amazingly good !!!!!!!! I literally come here once a week ! If your in Philly you gotta stop here and give it a try !
Best Pho in Philly! After coming here a couple of times with my friends. This is our go to place when the weather is gloomy or raining.
This is a nice addition to the neighborhood. This place literally moved a few doors down from its original location. Nice renovated.

Food taste is homemade vietnamese food. I had the pho here and it's pretty good. Bun no hue is good.

Staff is attentive and friendly.
I have dined at Cafe Nhan many times and I am so happy that they recently moved to a larger space! Their new space is 2 doors down from their old location. The ambiance at the new place is cute and trendy but still feels homey. Also, be aware that this place is CASH ONLY. Last time I was there I forgot but no worries. You can take out money at the ATM at the bar next door. I usually order their Bun Bo Hue which is essentially a Vietnamese spicy beef noodle soup. Traditionally, they serve it with cubed pigs blood and pigs feet. I order it sans pigs feet but if you're giving Bun Bo Hue a try and feeling adventurous you should give it a try. The broth is full of flavor and the meat is very tender. However, if you're sensitive to spice this dish might not be for you. It definitely has a flavorful spice that builds as you continue to eat it. Hands down, I like Cafe Nhan's Bun Bo Hue over the Philly's Cafe Diem.
One of the best Vietnamese restaurants in Philly! The owner of another restaurant in South Philly recommended this place to me and my bf and I'm so glad she did. 

Cafe Nhan has a solid variety of Vietnamese soups, ranging from pho to bun rieu, which is a little harder to find. They also have some of the standard appetizers like egg rolls and spring rolls. I tried the pho and the bun bo hue. The pho was great -- I'm personally not a pho person, but I can definitely appreciate good pho when I have it. The broth was clear and flavorful, and the bowl came with a  lot of meat. I also had the bun bo hue, which is probably my favorite Viet food. It was perfect. The broth was rich, spicy, and everything I ever wanted in bun bo hue. The noodles were perfectly chewy. Cafe Nhan also gives the option to add the blood cubes. 

Service was quick and polite. I'll definitely be back in the future to eat the bun bo hue again.
The best Bun Bo Hue I have ever tasted, even for take out! I will never go anywhere else in the city to get this dish. I always come here every time I crave it, but because of covid, I did take out and it tasted exactly the same as if I was eating in the restaurant. I placed all of the ingredients into the largest bowl I own, heat up the broth on the stove and then poured it into the bowl. It's the most amazing and flavorful BBH you'll ever taste.
The bun bo hue is excellent! I appreciate that they don't shy away from ingredients such as pigs feet. Very flavorful, complex broth - perfect on a cold day. Prices are excellent for the quality and quantity of what you get. The service was very friendly too.
I come to Cafe Nhan every time I'm in Philly - They have the best Bun Bo Hue! It is very spicy, but very good. My boyfriend gets the Pho Dac Biet every time and he loves it. You can tell that they didn't take any shortcuts making the broth, which I find to be a problem with some other pho restaurants.

The staff is really sweet and attentive. The service is fast and the food comes out steaming hot, which is a major thumbs up in my book!
They take credit card. Overall, it was a solid experience, lots of locals here and service was very fast. Bun bo hue broth was very clean and the cuts of meat they used were also good quality. Additionally, all the garnish looked fresh and appetizing as well. I think here and Cafe Diem are the go to BBH spots here in Philly, and it was different but also good in its own way.
We were looking for the best bun Bò hue around town. I read so many reviews and this place have the best bun Bò hue in town. We walked in it's a small little cafe next to Hennessy tobacco and beer. It's cute and modern inside. (Looks new or renovated). We sat down and ordered two bun Bò hue and one pho dac biet.  I got my bun Bò hue tried the broth and it was heaven! The broth was delicious.  There was a ton of meat and noodles in that bowl I could hardly finish half. The portion size is good. My friend got the pho and I had to taste his broth.  All I can say is the best beef pho is at this place. The broth is delicious and now overpowering with Star flavor. I would definitely be back here. This would of been a 5 Star if they would turn the AC lower. It was on 74 and we were sweating while eating hot noodle. We looked around and everyone else was sweating too. I'm a business owner myself and for a soup base restaurant it needs to be at 70-72. They have a nest thermostat so we can clearly see the temperature.
I can only speak for their classic BBH, my favorite by far in philly and wouldn't go any where else for it. Clean, refreshing, and slightly sweet with a lemongrass note broth. Its generous with toppings including beef, purple cabbage, bean sprout, pig feet, and pork sausage slices.  Fair warning, it includes pigs blood, which I always substitute out. The staff is very conscientious with letting you know and inquiring if youd like to switch out the pigs blood. Very considerate and friendly staff.

I've tried the regular pho and oxtail which was good as well, but the broth I've had slightly better in other places. Although their ingredients are always extremely fresh for any dish I've had ! Highly recommended spot
Cafe Nhan is incredible !!! The staff are great, the owner is super nice as she makes sure to say hello to everyone eating in her restaurant. It feels very much like a family atmosphere the was every one at the cafe works together.
As for the Bun Bo Hue, it's insanely delicious !!! and they offer it in a few non traditional ways that i really enjoyed trying...For instance we tried it with a fried egg, and one with egg broth. Both ways were really good in their own ways too.  We also had chicken wings and Banh mi which were really awesome ways to start of the meal. As for the BBH, it's loaded with flavor and nicely spiced with an awesome savory maybe a little touch of a sour profile to it. The meat was generous and tasted absolutely incredible. 
The decor of the cafe is really nice, the bathroom is super clean and again, the staff were really super friendly and fun to talk to. Our server had lots of knowledge about different EDM shows in and around town which was a plus. Honestly, i could so easily eat here every week !!!
Cute place with tasty, slurpful bbh! 
The owner was so sweet and her homemade hot sauce is no joke. 

Greetings from New York! Will definitely be back for seconds!!
It's a cute little place right around a corner and surrounded by other food joints. The space inside looks like it could probably hold around 10-20 people. The menu is just a few varieties of appetizers, pho/noodles, rice dishes and drinks. Service was definitely on point. I got the viet coffee, beef ball pho, thit kho, and bun bo hue. A lot of sauces you could choose from the table and I've never seen that at a pho restaurant before. The viet coffee was surely much more bitter than it should be but if you pour a bit of water in there, it'll taste better. The beef ball pho broth and the bun bo hue was light and a little bit sweet. I honestly never tasted broth like that before and it threw me off guard because of how unique it was to me. The thit kho was just perfectly cooked. The meat was tender and melted in my mouth and the sauce with the rice was just amazing by itself. Surprised that I only got one egg but that was the only downside to that dish. 
Would come back again to try everything else on the menu!
One of my fav bbh spots, a side of beef short ribs is a must. This is a small family owned business, the owner is so friendly and works at the restaurant most of the time.
legit viet food. great bun bo hue and oxtail chao. A+
The small place small spot my son and I always like this place the owner super friendly she always come out and ask how the food. 
Pho very testy and banh mi I'd great
Super friendly place the servers are very friendly too.
Highly recommend! I've tried the "big people" Bun Bo Hue with the blood cubes (reminds me of liver) and went a second time bc I'm a big fan of oxtail and Nhan makes an amazing pho with it. We were lucky to meet the phenomenal owner. She made our first experience memorable. I'm disappointed that the hot Vietnamese coffee is served in a styrofoam cup, but they give you plenty to make up for the fun of a little metal coffeemaker. Looking forward to sampling their standard pho to see how it stacks up to Pho75
Second visit at the new location. First visit wasn't great but after loving Nhan's food so much at the old location i wanted to give it a second shot before submitting my review. 

I was a die hard at the old hole in the wall location a couple doors down and thought that their pho and Bun Bo Hue were the best in the city and burbs. 

I can't say that the new location is as good as the old. Maybe they haven't yet gotten the proportions nailed with the higher volume that comes with so much more business.  I hope they figure it out and return to the nirvana in a bowl they used to serve. 

I was concerned about the expansion and it seems my concerns were somewhat warranted. It used to be a 5 star experience every time. Now we have had a soft three and a soft 4 star experience our first two trips post expansion. 

Issues. The pho used to have a lot more herbal and spice notes.  It is now missing some star anise, cinnamon, or otherwise kick. It is also saltier on top of being less flavorful. Still good but not great like it was. The meats are also not as succulent and fresh...were actually kind of tough and not great ... mass production may be at the root of this. On just pho I'd give it three stars...average. 

Bun Bo Hue. Still very good. More spicy and better than most alternatives, but not quite as good as it was before...again same complaint about the meat. Missing a certain umami that used to be present in the broth. Four stars here. 

Positive...a little more variety...with some appetizers available like goi cuon... that is appreciated. 

I really hope they get it down and return to their former triumphant glory so i can return to telling everyone that they are the best show in town. Even if i miss the old lawn chair furniture and folding tables that made me feel like i was back in Southeast Asia , if they can nail the food again I'll deal with the comfortable seating ;-).
Must try their "Bun Bo Hue" the spicy version of Pho with pig blood cubes!! 

Their Banh Mi and spring rolls were okay, not too outstanding. I have a better place and could find better ones for Banh Mi. However, they have the best Bun Bo Hue you can get in Philly so far! Because the soup was really spicy and really satisfied my craving for really spicy Bun Bo Hue! 

I have already tried their Bun Bo Hue several times and would definitely coming back million times just for their Bun Bo Hue every time I'm craving for it!
Opened during the quarantine for pick up or delivery. We got a few banh mi, lemongrass chicken over rice and the house pho. Great portion sizes for a low price. They warned me there's no bean sprouts for the pho but I really didn't miss it with everything else going on in there. Heads up- the ground chicken is spicy but super flavorful. Call for contact less pick up and support the small business.
I love cafe Nhan's bun bo hue as well! Almost as good as cafe diem and close by to my house. At one point I had bun bo hue here three times in a week! It was so delicious lol. Great friendly staff as well
I did a weekend trip to Philly with some friends and all one of my friends could talk about was bun bo hue. I wasn't too sure what all the hype was being that all I've had was mediocre bun bo hue in NYC. But holy crap I was pretty blown away. 

The bun bo hue was so well rounded and super flavorful. It was a perfect combination of salty, spicy and freshness. The noodles were chewy and not too over cooked. The ingredients were also super fresh which balanced out the oilier broth. 

Another great thing was how sweet and bubbly the staff were. They were always so quick to refill our glasses or strike up a conversation with us. I'm lowkey craving a steaming bowl of bun bo hue while I write this review. Honestly, if you're hungover this place will cure you instantly.
Thumb up for the best bun bo hue (BBH) and Bun rieu in South Philly. The broth is so flavorful and delicious. However, don't try anything else beside these two dishes (spring rolls are small with no meat, the pork chop on the rice dish is too dry).... anyhow, I'm so happy that they still open for takeout and delivery despite Covid Pandemic. Warning, their prices have increased. It's a bit pricey but it's worth to try.
Shoutout to Cafe Nahn, where I tried "Bun Bo Hue" for the first time.  Apparently, this is where you go for Bun Bo Hue; my local friend basically insisted that I order this and nothing else. 

It is quite the upgrade from my "pho" order; frankly, it was long overdue since I've had plenty of pho yet never bothered to look at other items on the menu.  On a cold and windy afternoon, you'll forget for a moment that it's winter.  Again, I can't believe it took me this long to finally try BBH.

My first impressions: "holy crap that's red".  Ultimately, I'd say the spice level is a medium.  It won't burn your mouth off, but it's just the right amount of spiciness to really feel it and then enjoy it.  If you're into spicy foods, you'll be just fine.  If you're not into spicy food, you might struggle (but at least your sinuses will clear).

This was also my first time eating blood cubes.  My friend warned me that blood cubes would be pretty hit or miss; so of course, I had to try.  Personally, blood cubes aren't for me.  It does add a certain richness as you bite into the gelatinous texture along with the meats and the noodles.  Try it before you judge it.

In conclusion, I'd order it again.  That spiciness is not a level I'm accustomed to at a Vietnamese restaurant, but I gotta have it again!  Also, Service was super quick, and the waitstaff were friendly and attentive; so I'd be happy to visit again.

5 stars!
___________________

This has been Yelp Review Number 200!  Yay!
The bun bo hue is exceptional! Best one i've tasted so far in Philly. Def come here for that. However, if you want a good vietnamese hoagie especially the cold cut one (banh mi thit nguoi) that's a hard no for me, do not order the banh mi thit nguoi from here. I bought it for my family to try out because we never bought vietnamese hoagies from here before and not one person wanted to finish their sandwich  eek.
Amazing service. Nhan (owner) is amazing as well as all her staff. They know me by name (probably because I order here at least once a week) and anticipate my needs. Definitely the best peanut sauce I've ever had. My order is consistently the Bahn Mi Dax Biet & Goi Cuon. Pho Dac Biet in cold months. Cannot say enough good things about this business.
Thank you for all that you do!
