A nice, cozy restaurant that would be perfect for dates or a nicer dinner with friends.  Located near Rittenhouse Square, it gives a good intimate feeling throughout the dinner.

Important: this place is cash only, BYOB.

We had a special appetizer: fire roasted red peppers with anchovies.  That was delicious, and I found myself looking for the recipe for future use.

Also ordered: one pasta dish (the name escapes me, sorry) and the Branzino.  The Branzino was really tasty, very crispy and flavorful.

The service is very friendly, and all the waitstaff are attentive and knowledgeable.

I will definitely come back here, though I have to admit it is pretty pricey so it's not going to be somewhere I can come too often.
Caffe Casta Diva was chosen by a friend for his group birthday dinner. This was my first visit and based on this experience I would add it to my little black book of Italian BYOBs. 

From a group dining standpoint, the service was spot on. Our server was efficient, professional and gave us that little extra time larger groups often need. He wasn't intrusive and there's nothing else more I could have asked of him. 

Being a BYOB is obviously a plus. As others have mentioned, it's a cash only establishment. I came prepared but others were able to run somewhere across the street to quickly get money at the end of the meal 

The food was very good. I feel I've become an Italian food snob and wasn't absolutely blown away. With that being said, it was prepared well and I really enjoyed it. It was solid and then some. The group split a bunch of appetizers including a cheese plate, calamari, salumi and fresh mozzarella. The crowd spoke! We cleared those plates. As my entrée I had the Gnocchi Bolognese. The gnocchi were light and fluffy and the Bolognese sauce had small, but sizeable pieces of meat. The light cheese added a nice touch. 

The prices were comparable of other nicer Italian BYOBs in Center City. 

I wouldn't hesitate to go back or recommend Casta Diva to others.
With a wine bottle bag in our hand, we decided to take a leap of faith hoping we'll stumble upon a lovely BYOB on a beautiful autumn night in the city.

GRAZIE YELP! After several unsuccessful attempts, we struck foodie gold when we found this tiny, charming Italian cafe/restaurant in the heart of Rittenhouse. We instantly fell in love with Casta Diva for its locally sourced ingredients and essential Italian offerings such as homemade pastas, acacia, deserts, succulent veal dishes, delightful fish dishes and robust salads.

Although packed to max capacity, somehow the server managed to squeezed us two seats! The atmosphere was very romantic and relaxing (Not loud at all). It's a great spot to get to know each others on a first date. The food was simply fantastic. We opted for the orechiette pasta with sausages and Ricotta gnocchi with pancetta (Italian bacon). Everything definitely tasted so fresh and homemade. The pasta literally melted in our mouth. 

Service was exceptional. Only complaint was that entrees are $20-30. That would be perfect for the quality of food prepared if they accept cards. But they don't so that makes it one of the most expensive BYOBs I've been to (Most people don't carry that much cash).

Excited to come back here again one day. I just need to remember to bring more cash so I don't have to run to the nearest 711.
Excellent place for fine Italian cuisine. Great atmosphere: cozy, warm, and inviting. 

Have been going here for years with family. A family favorite. So many fond memories of eating here in years past. 

More recently, I introduced a good friend of mine to this place and she absolutely LOVED it! :) That evening, she had the veal and I had the branzino; both were superb! The salads we had were fabulous as well. I've honestly NEVER had a bad meal here in all the times I've eaten at this place.

I can't recommend this place highly enough. Would give it six stars if I could. :) If you want a fun and sophisticated night out, this is the place to go.

Before you go, I'd recommend stopping by an ATM, since they only accept cash. They are also BYOB. Those are the only two things I'd wish they'd change.

Very knowledgeable and pleasant staff. In fact, the patrons are just as nice as the staff. One time, my dad forgot to bring cash (as most places these days will accept credit cards!) and the people at the next table overheard and kindly offered to loan him the money to cover the meal, so he wouldn't have to go out and search the streets for a nearby ATM; they didn't even know us!  My dad wrote them a check and thanked them profusely. The last time I was there, the couple next to us struck up a friendly conversation with us, and we traded tips about other good local establishments to visit. Both the place and the people have a great vibe. :-D
The first time I came to Casta Diva I had a very good experience. Beyond how loud it gets when the room is full of people, the food was  really great and I enjoyed eating there with my parents. 

I brought my parents back again after the last successful meal. Unfortunately, this meal was not a good one. The service was slow and we had to pour all of our own wine. Additionally the meals were not as good as I remembered.

The biggest issue of the night was that my mother had ordered the branzino which the waiter didn't mention was the entire fish and the menu failed to mention that as well. My mother soldiered on when it came even with this surprise but as she began eating discovered that the fish was raw inside (still red) and mentioned it to the waiter who agreed. He took it back to cook some more? I thought she'd get a new fish, but alas they brought back the half-eaten fish which now has been actually cooked through. At the end of the meal there was no compensation or apology for this, which I found embarrassing. 

I called the restaurant after the meal to make a formal complaint regarding the incident and bring it to the attention of the manager if they hadn't been aware. The chef that night responded he was aware and was looking into it and that he would call us back the next day. Well, no call back, no apology. I wont be returning to Casta Diva and wanted to share this experience with my fellow Yelpers. Many better BYOB italian spots in Philly, I say skip Casta Diva.
I have to rant and rave about how great this place is. My fiancee and I had been here before and I never felt inclined to write a review until tonight....

My friends and I went to Matyson for dinner and were treated atrociously. They did not even acknowledge or apologize for how bad the service was (i.e. we waited over 30 minutes to place our orders, after flagging down a server, and then waited another half hour for appetizers). We were so angry that we left after appetizers and wandered over to Casta Diva.

The service was quick, amazing, and they were really kind and didn't rush us out when we showed up at 9:30 (they close at 9:45). They served us a full meal, with dessert, and were kind and gracious. Also - quick to fill our waters.

I had the spinach tagliatelle and it was amazing. A good end to a terrible night at Matyson. :)
Outstading!  Our favorite neighborhood BYO italian.  Nice intimate atmosphere.  Fantastic homemade pasta, although just about anything on the menu is just great.  

Not always easy to get a table, and service can sometimes be slightly rushed but no complaints.  Can't wait to go back.
Named after the operatic composition by Bellini, this small attractive and romantic renovated rowhouse enjoys a steady and loyal constituency of well heeled Rittenhouse Square Dorchester/brownstone residents who come both during the week or on the weekend when the family visits.  Two expansions added little more than two four tops but there is a little more elbow room now.  The former chemical engineer turned autodidact chef turns out lovely pastas, excellent veal chop, boar and game as well as the mandatory pork and chicken dishes.   Ambiance conducive to elegant and quiet dinner but that mood can be difficult to capture when the room is teeming with patrons, which is to say every Friday and Saturday.  A best bet for a twosome would be to request one of the newer tables near the back and during the week if possible.  A definite maybe for Valentine's Day!
Nice and friendly italian BYOB. Cash only!!! Food is pretty good and rather authentic. The whole place has an opera theme, with opera posters on the walls and operas playing. That makes the crowd pretty mixed, it seems like everyone, young and old from the neighborhood likes to go there. Less frequented in winter, according to the owner all regulars went for Florida to keep playing golf. No cheesy stories, just really nice atmosphere and good food... Close to giving the 5th star...
Had a memorable meal with top-notch service from Ella at Casta Diva tonight.
My good friend and I both had the beet salad to start (so delicious and fresh).  She had the salmon with crispy skin and red wine sauce.  (A generous piece - or "portion")  I enjoyed the salmon tartare stuffed cannaloni app as an entree.

La Colombe coffee and our own BYO wines sealed the deal.

A great night with stellar food.

The only downer?  Cash only.  Wish I'd known that before we went.
Excellent place to go and have an awesome Italian meal. Best part? Its BYOB (and you won't have to worry about cork fees like certain other places have started doing in philly). We were here with a big group and they were really accommodating. For my entrée I got the salmon with the potatoes and it was fresh and yummy. Everyone else at the table seemed to be enjoying their food as well. I also had a taste of the truffle pasta that my friend got and I highly recommend it if you want a vegetarian dish. The truffle tasted delicious and it wasn't too overpowering. Good place for large groups or a date night.
This is one of the great little boutique restaurants in the city that is refined, elegant and delicious! The menu is not overwhelming so everything is under control and crafted beautifully both in presentation and quality. 

Had a grilled artichoke dish to start that was exquisite and a Wild Boar shank that was fall off the bone delicious. 

The wild salmon was done to perfection and flavorful! A great place to go for a fabulous culinary experience.
Heard this was a pretty good Philly BYOB, and figured we would head down and check it out. Overall, thought the food was good, but were not that impressed with the service or the menu. We'd heard that the veal chop and the cannoli were the two stand-out items, and when we ordered them, we were dismayed to discover that they were completely out of both items. Flavors were pretty standard for an upscale Mediterranean place, but I wouldn't say exceptional or on par with Melograno, Osteria, or Audrey Claire.
One my all time favorite places to eat in Philly and definitely the best BYOB in the rittenhouse area. Everything that i've ever eaten there has been delicious. Chef/Owner is a doll, pursuing his cooking passion instead of following his education in engineering. Quite the hardworker! 

Recently being discovered by younger crowds thus making a reservation is ideal. The shrimp risotto dish is my favorite, and the tiramisu is a must have. 

Go eat at this lovely restaurant as often as  you can! I want to make sure its in business for years to come so whenever I'm able to get back to Philly, its certain to be there.
Tiny but charming byob(and cash only!) in rittenhouse.

The menu consists mostly of pastas but there are also great fish and meat options - the seasonal winter menu as of Dec 2019 includes Branzino, Salmon, chicken breast, and Berkshire pork chop. 

I absolutely loved my Branzino lightly and simply cooked, with salsa verde and cauliflower thins on top. The (dairy free) mushroom soup was rich and earthy. Loved it. 

The desserts were great as well, with a strong chocolate coffee creamers brûlée as well as a decadent and if anything overly rich chocolate torte. 

Best of all Casta Diva is BYOB!
Nicely done, Caffe Casta Diva!

Friend and I were looking for a quaint Italian BYOB that we've never tried before. Yelp comes to the rescue! Just a few minutes from Rittenhouse Square, and we're transported to a small and cozy place to dine. Make sure you're not talking about your personal secrets because space is tight! Unless you like to make friends with strangers, then by all means, get comfortable.

We started off with the Beef Carpaccio with baby arugula and shaved parmigiano-reggiano cheese. Very cleaned-that-plate good! Fresh arugula and a hefty serving of cheese. Simple, yet elegant. Our two entrees were the Spinach pasta with beef, pork & veal bolognese and the Orecchiette with broccoli rabe, house made sausage, and tomatoes.  Both dishes were OUTSTANDING! We couldn't even finish a conversation since we were too busy enjoying each bite of pasta. The portions were so perfect that we were able to order dessert. That rarely happens for me! Must have been our lucky night because a chocolate espresso creme brulee appeared on the dessert menu. CHOCOLATE ESPRESSO CREME BRULEE! How could this dinner get any better? It had a nice crisp sugary topping that tried to protect the creamy goodness of chocolate and hints of coffee. Nope, my spoon was going to break that barrier. There was no way that this dessert would be survive. There were a few raspberries that helped break up each rich and decadent bite. Of course, moments later, the creme brulee disappeared as easily as it was savored. Definitely the best part of our meal!

Everything about this place was fantastic, and the service was on point. I think there was a waiter that regularly filled our glasses with water. 

Huge fan! Cash only, but there's a PNC ATM nearby. Cannot wait to go back!
Before turning to the food and service, the big surprise here is when it comes to paying - they'll refuse your credit card, as they are cash only. I don't see that stated on their web site, didn't see it on their menu or posted in the restaurant itself. This is a fairly high end restaurant, so I didn't expect that. Diner for 2 could easily exceed $100, and this a BYOB, so that's without drinks. (Of course, I could have learned that by reading about them on Yelp, but this dinner was booked by friends who also recommended Casta Diva, so I didn't check them on Yelp. My friends also didn't know about the cash only policy.) The 3 star rating  is a reflection this policy.

The food and service were excellent. No complaints there. Duck and lamb dishes were described as excellent, and the branzino served with a piece of grilled fennel and shaved fennel on the side, was cooked perfectly. I strongly recommend the artichoke appetizer. The pear dessert was great. Our server in particular was very attentive and quite articulate in answering questions about the menu. 

Note also that the menu apparently varies from time to time, but the menu on the web site today is significantly different from the one in plastic laminate that they had in the restaurant last night.

Our friends had stayed away from this restaurant because on prior visits, it was very loud, and some Yelpers have noted that. On this visit (7 PM reservation), however, the restaurant was mostly empty, and very quiet. So it depends.
We initially had made plans to go back to Melograno for dinner but when we saw that it was closed for the night, I immediately thought to a plan B-- Dinner at Caffe Casta Diva.  We had never been before.

Food: 5.0 stars
The Antipasto appetizer was unfortunately not available.  We had the Sauteed Calamari instead.  The calamari initially lacked flavor but as it cooled in its marinara sauce, it definitely grew on us.  For entrees, we had the Scallops with Truffle Infused Risotto and the Filet Mignon with Baked then Fried Potato.  The Scallops were cooked to perfection and the Risotto was spectacular.  The Filet was well prepared and the potatoes were delicious.

Service: 4.0 stars
Service was good and prompt.  Nothing extraordinary but still attentive and considerate.

Ambiance: 4.0 stars
A small apartment converted into a restaurant, Caffe Casta Diva is a quaint spot which could get packed really quickly.  The decor is nice without being gaudy or trying too hard.

Price: 4.5 stars
Its a BYOB!  With an appetizer and two entrees we spent around $30 per person.  Beware--- its CASH ONLY.

Location: 4.5 stars
Located just West of Rittenhouse Park, Caffe Casta Diva has a great location with access to so many after dinner options.


Overall: 4.5 stars
Everything about Caffe Casta Diva is wonderful.  The food is amazingly prepared and delicious.  The location is great and the ambiance gives it a very personable feel.  Even though everything was fantastic with our dinner, the feel was that there wasn't anything unique enough about the restaurant when compared to other great Italian restaurants in the city.  For this reason, we couldn't give Casta Diva 5 stars.

A must try if you like great Italian food.  Dont forget your wine and cash for the dinner.  We are looking forward to going back to try the other recommended dishes.
This is yet another great Italian byo battling it out for supremacy in the Rittenhouse arena. Although probably not a front runner in that campaign, they did accept our large party kind of taking over the place for a solid 2.5 hours on a weekend night, so they definitely get props for that. Here's a quick rundown:

The diver scallops were impossibly tender, with perfect searing. They were served on top of risotto and asparagus that brought it all together nicely.

The fig with prosciutto and gorgonzola appetizer is one of my all-time favorite flavor trios. Someone needs to mass produce this in a more convenient form so I can have it all the time - perhaps some kind of energy bar?

I also sampled the fiance's branzino, which was perfectly flaky and had a buttery flavor with mild hints of thyme.
This little gem of a local BYOB may be a local stop but has destination worthy food.

The bread is a herbed loaf baked in house and served nice and warm.

The Calamari is served in a light tomato broth.  Light and mild flavors without the usual rubbery like texture.

Heirloom beet salad might be the best thing on the menu.  Multiple types and preparations of beets served as chunks, shaved sliced, and everything in between.  Sits on top of goat cheese and greens, it's a hearty enough portion to share between a few people, or use as a light meal for yourself.

Assorted salumi plate has the same meats you'd expect at any other Italian restaurant, a nice portion and a good start for your meal.

The mozzarella app is served with not enough slices of proscuitto and a few spears of grilled asparagus...but none of that matters as the mozzarella outshines everything else on the plate.

The Spinach tagliatelle was the best thing on the menu.  We tried 4 different pasta dishes and once you've tried these light spinach noodles on top of a veal and pancetta sauce, you won't want to finish anything else.

The service was attentive while the interior was clean and simple.
This is a great place for date night: much, much better than La Viola, because the tables are not nearly as loud and the restaurant is not nearly as crowded.  The comments on prices being reasonable are a little bit misleading -- they're definitely reasonable for the quality of the food, but entrees are definitely more in the $20-30 range, more on the upper half of the two-dollar sign category.  

For my dinner, I had an oricchiette with spicy Italian sausage and broccoli rabe.  I found the flavoring and texture of the food to be interesting and well-executed.  

Call ahead to make reservations: they'll usually have tables available, but if you're planning to have a long, lingering dinner, it's better to make sure that the table will be available as long as you need it.
Visited Caffe Casta Diva for an impromptu dinner with the bestie and had yet another lovely meal here!

We had a short wait, but overall it wasn't too bad considering we didn't have reservations. We started with the Caesar salad and it was absolutely delicious. The croutons and dressing are made in house, just FYI.

I had the orecchiette and my girl had the tagliatelle. Both were delicious. Usually I don't eat pasta at restaurants, but there's no way I could recreate what Casta Diva does.

Service throughout the night was attentive and friendly. Drinks were refilled often. We were so busy eating and catching up that we didn't realize that we were coming up on closing time and not once were we rushed. 

Solid restaurant for a great meal around Rittenhouse.
Excellent neighborhood BYOB.  We started with the pappardelle with cingale (wild boar) and not only was it delicious, but the portion was more than enough for two people.  My duck was cooked to perfection and the branzino was delicate, flaky and succulent.  Service was great - understated and not obtrusive.  Very much looking forward to returning!
My crew and I caused a slight scene so the reason for 4  stars instead of 3 is because we still received remarkable service with all the evenings hiccups.

I do have to say i was not overly impressed with the food but maybe should have ordered a pasta dish instead. A friend and i shared the branzino with frutti de mare , the artichoke salad and brussels sprouts. 
The artichoke salad was good it came dressed in a flavorful vinaigrette along side some radishes. The sprouts stole the show they weren't roasted which is what im used to but they were seasoned well and possibly cooked in bacon fat or something equally as good.the branzino was mediocre at best but was plenty for the two of us to share. We capped our meal with two double espressos. I may return to try a pasta dish in the event im in the neighborhood and looking for a BYOB thats cash only
I love this place. Consistently a delicious meal and good service. The atmosphere is great for a romantic dinner or a fun night with friends. Their pasta dishes are great!
My first dining experience in Philadelphia was at Caffe Casta Diva. My friend and fellow yelper Min Y. took me here because he lives down the street and he and his lady had a great dining experience previously. Moreover, it's BYOB, so The restaurant seems very quaint from the outside. It's quite intimate and romantic on the inside. The menu is simple but seemed very appetizing. We ordered calamari as the appetizer. I believe my friend ordered the pappardelle, but I don't see it on their online menu. I originally ordered the peking duck breast, but was informed the chef was unhappy with the quality of the duck and the disk would be prepared with chicken breast instead. I was ok with the decision. 

The calamari was good but slightly too salty for me. I thought the presentation of my dish could have been better. Everything looked brown, from the chicken to the charred carrots. The chicken was dry. The dish tasted very one-dimensional. The pappardelle dish fared better. However, I have had fresher pasta. Needless to say, even my friend thought the food was not up to par with his last visit. He raved about the branzino here! I trust my friend's words and believe we probably came on a bad night. Our server was friendly and attentive. He was memorable. He had a soft, soothing cadence to his speech.
I've walked by this unassuming facade on a regular basis, never making the connection that this was one I'd bookmarked based on the terrific reviews I'd read. Sure enough, they were true! We shared five dishes that ranged from alright to 'bring me ten more of those!!'. In the latter catagory was the calamari, unfried, enrobed in a sauce of capers and rich tomatoes and our pappardelle with a slow cooked boar ragu w mushrooms that I could happily have had thirds and fourths on! Sadly, the duck which is the dish I went for was definitively overcooked and in the former 'alright' catagory; still, can't wait to go back to this very cute, neighborhood byob.
Absolutely loved this place.  The food was outstanding.  Had a wonderful artichoke appetizer - the flavors melded wonderfully.  The veal bolognese was delicious as was the paparadelle with wild boar sauce.  Looking forward to going there again.  

The atmosphere and service were excellent.
After consulting Yelp for a nearby byob, I was able to make a last minute reservation at Casta Diva for dinner on a Saturday night back in February. It is a small space (think cute and cozy), so prepare to be seated close to other tables if you don't have a large party. We were seated upon arrival (a few minutes early) and noticed that almost every table was filled. It stayed that way throughout our dinner. 

The portions were just the right size. We split an appetizer and 2 entrees between the 2 of us:

- Calamari: Grilled, not fried, and served in a spicy red sauce. I love grilled calamari and this did not disappoint. The sauce gave the dish a lot of flavor.
- Scallops: Tender and nicely charred. The scallops were definitely my favorite dish of the night. They were served with braised short ribs, gnocchi, and root vegetables. 
- Duck: Cooked medium. The duck was nicely prepared and served w/sweet potato gnocchi and root vegetables. Also a solid choice.  

Be prepared that this place cash only. It is a little pricier compared to some of the other byob's in the area, but worth it. I'd definitely come back.
Went to this local restaurant with friends who live just a short walk away.  Reservations are a must in this very busy and limited seating restaurant.  In spite of the reservation, we still waited about 20 minutes for a table to clear.  No big deal although the wait area is a hallway to the adjacent building. 
Every dish amongst the 4 of us were nicely  prepared, tasty and beautiful presented.  A creamed mushroom soup was rich and earthy and the beef carpaccio with arugula and Parmesan was excellent. 
Entrees included the Bronzino and salmon.  Fresh, carefully cooked and greatly enjoyed.
Service was excellent.
One final note.  This is a small space with tightly packed tables.  Often the noise and activity in this type of place is a challenge.  But this was not an issue here.  We had a really pleasant comfortable dinner in this top notch neighborhood cafe.
Went to dinner with my dad/sister, excited for some Italian food (we generally go out and eat Chinese...I know cliche!).  Came here hearing how good it was.

Got here, the ambiance is nice, everyone seems to be having a good time (but quiet).  Get seated, and looked over the menu.  There isn't a wide selection, but it's fine for a small type place.  I ordered the mussels for an app, and the branzino for entree - I'm not usually a seafood eater, but my sister was saying how good branzino is, as she had it twice this week!  I said, sure!  She knows I don't like fish, but said I should give it a shot.  

The mussels were underwhelming.  It unshelled and in a tomato soup like base.  Again, I'm not a seafood guru, but I've eaten mussels before where I enjoyed them, this I just ate like it was cereal.  Warm, tomato soup cereal where the corn flakes are mussels.  

The branzino came out - pretty good portion, I got 2 filets, 3 slices of potato, and some spinach.  The spinach was awesome, if I had a plate of that I would've been happy.  The potatoes were ok, tasted like a potato.  The branzino tasted like nothing - maybe that's what it is supposed to taste like?  Not sure, but it felt like I was eating fish without any flavor.  Not being a fish fan, I guess that's ok...but what am I paying for?  

My dad/sister got the 3 course - (2 choices of app, 2 choices of entree, full dessert menu) for $30, which isn't bad - it's like restaurant week here (but only Tues-Thurs).  I didn't have their salad/entree, but ate some of the tiramisu.  Ok, I ate it all.  But it was good.  Looks diff than your average tiramisu, but still tasted good.  A bit stronger on the kahlua flavor, but I was definitely ok with that.

The service was professional.  Not friendly, not mean, professional.


Overall, it was an ok time.  I wish I got the pasta, but no regrets.  I can't say I'll give this place another shot unless someone else mentions to go there.  It is a byob, so that's good.  Maybe getting wasted will make it yummier.  In summation, meh, I've experienced better.

I also do not think this place is $$, it is $$$.  Each app runs $8-9, entree runs $19-$27.  For 3 people, 2 prix fixe, 1 app/entree costs $100+, fyi.
We had reservations but still waited over 15 minutes and the hostess was not honest about how long the wait would be.  After waiting for a while, we asked how long the wait was. She told us she was clearing a table soon but another 5 minutes later, we asked someone else how long it would be when he told us that the table we were waiting for just ordered dessert... Which would have meant another half hour wait. Not sure why they would overbook and not be honest about the wait time. Anyway, we definitely did not stick around...

Pretty disappointed because normally the food is delicious but not worth a 45 minute wait WITH reservations.
BYOB and BYOC (Cash no Credit Cards Excepted) Small intimate space with a New York East Village Vibe.

The food is very good, perhaps a little too inventive. My New York Strip was very rare, seared on the outside with a rub that had some strange spice that wasn't to my liking. The steak was very good though.

My wife had fish and loved it. She also loved the wine.

Service was great.
A small Italian restaurant just north of Rittenhouse Square. There are Christmas lights decorating the tress outide (and about two tables for the warmer months).

The inside houses only a handful of tables, so make reservations. This place can get loud and the quarters are tight - but it still is a very romantic place. The best part? Great Italian food for really really reasonable Center City prices.
I love this place.  Try to make reservations in advance even on a week night because it's a little small.  I've gone there for basically a private tasting type menu event and had the tiramisu, steak entree, gnocchi and the salad with beets and everything was excellent.  I then went back expecting to do the recession special- they have a limited menu for that which actually had a pretty good selection I just really wanted to get their steak again because it was so amazing the previous time.  So I got their caprese salad and steak special and both were fantastic.  I also got their cannoli to go which was good tho not as amazing.  Will try to make it back again soon
The food here is excellent - it really is a hidden gem. My friend was vegetarian and the beets, artichoke, and the mushroom pasta did not disappoint. The pasta was amazing - we had never had such a flavorful dish.

I also ordered the salmon - very well flavored and a generous serving, but nothing spectacular!
I have walked by here often on my way to Brown Betty or Audrey Claire and thought it would be ridiculously expensive--but it's not!  Turns out it's a BYO and one of the well-regarded Italian restaurants in town with reasonably-priced food.  The restaurant is elevated and they have beautiful decor inside.  Our server reminded me of an older Italian guy in a Brooklyn pizza shop from the way he acted and talked, but he was very professional and good.  We had the caesar salad (Insalata Giulio Cesare) and octopus special as starters.  Both were delicious although I wish their portions were slightly bigger.  The caesar salad was on par with delicious caesar salads at top steakhouses.  We had 2 different pasta dishes for our main course but I thought both were not that memorable.  You could tell they were homemade and they were flavorful, but I found the sauces a bit boring.

We were seated right next to the window and it was a nice view.  I really like the feel of the restaurant even though it's narrow and I usually don't like "railway"-style apartments or restaurants.  And I noticed that most of the people dining there were senior citizens.  Younger people came later but I found it interesting that this place seems so fancy on the inside and outside (similar to Rouge or one of the more trendier places in Rittenhouse) but it seems to have a pretty low-key clientele.
Great Pre-fixe menu, delicious gnocci and great coffee... definitely recommend when in the Philly area!
Food was good, expensive, but very disappointed after eating 3 courses and spending a lot of money, Management asked us to leave 10 minutes after we finished dessert because they needed the table. Are you kidding me?! 

I'll never go here again.
This place is a hidden gem in Rittenhouse square.  It is very cute and quaint inside but that's not the reason for this review, its the food. We ordered one of the specials as an appetizer Gnudi which in a nutshell sort of like gnocchi made with ricotta and shaved parm they melted in your mouth but it was the sauce an heirloom tomatoe fundue which I mopped the rest up with my bread. Honestly, If I had known it was going to be so good I would have ordered it as my entree. For my entree I ordered Frutti di mare  which is Bronzino calamari scallops shrimp and diver scallops which did not disappoint and omplimented very well with our wine. For dessert we had mascarpone cheese cannoli and poached pear the ice cream they served complimented the dish well.  I sort of don't want to tell people that this place because I want it all to myself but I'll be nice and share.
This restaurant has secured a spot on our must-return-to-BYOB list. The food was a little too salty and it was quite cold by the window in the winter, but everything we sampled has been very tasty and satisfying over several visits.
Really excellent food!

Started with an olive & ricotta plate and a special artichoke puree soup. Both were awesome. The olives had some lemon and orange zest which went really well together. The ricotta was freshly made and had a great texture. The artichoke puree soup was really good, loved the grilled artichoke garnish.

I had the veal bolognese and my wife had the wild boar mushroom pappardelle. The veal bolognese was good, very meaty, maybe a little too meaty (not going to knock Casta Diva for a personal preference). Still good. The wild boar mushroom pappardelle was super delicious! It also had cipollini onions and a very strong truffle scent and taste. I am so getting this again.

Service was good - we arrived very early, 5:15, so pretty much had the place to ourselves. Waitress and server were very attentive (obviously).

Cash only, BYO. Attire I would say between casual and dressy. Our meal (2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 1 pellogrino) came out to roughly $75 not including gratuity.

There were so many other things I wanted to try, like the branzino, the salman, the peking duck, and the steak.
I recently dined at Casta Diva.  The service was very cold and unfriendly.  I won't say it was rude, but it was strangely nothing.  It did not enhance our meal in any way.  The food was very good.  We got almost no information or suggestions from our waitress, so we luckily made good choices.  At the end of the meal, I was presented with the check in a typical check folder that had the American Express logo.  When I put down my American Express card, I was told they only accept cash.  I had a party of 7 and did not have enough cash.  It was pretty embarrassing since I was hosting the dinner.  My son had to run a couple doors down to a cash station.  I told the gentleman (I'm not sure if he was the manager or a waiter) that they need to warn people about the cash-only policy.  He said they always do.  Well, I called for my reservation and they did not tell me.  I thought hard about this and can't remember ever being in a cash only restaurant.  Very strange.

So, bottom line, would I go back?  No.  The food was very good, but there are lots of great restaurants in Philly.  I would rather go somewhere that will treat me with friendly service and appreciates my business.  Also, since I don't usually carry lots of cash with me, I think I'll take a pass.  My advice to Casta Diva, don't be such a "diva"-be more friendly and accept credit cards.  It will pay off in the end.
Had the Spinach Tagliatelle.  Home made spinach pasta ribbons smothered with beef, pork and veal bolognese, with Fonduta cheese on top.  Mix it up and savor the wonderful melody of flavors.  
Also the Ricotta Gnocchi.  Home make pasta potato and ricotta dumplings in a light gorgonzola cream sauce and sweet sweet peas topped with crispy Pancetta.  Just delicious.  
Also, we had the Fresh Mozzarella with Organic Heirloom tomatoes from Lancaster PA with fresh basil and sweet onions.  Tomatoes were light and sweet, and the fresh home made mozzarella, was creamy and slightly salty.  
Service was amazing. The chef even came out to our table to say hello.  
BYOB and cash only.  Not a problem  Definitely going back
Fabulous food, great service! Two things one should know... it is BYOB and cash only! There is an ATM in the hallway, but I preferred to be prepared. The restaurant is a little small, so make sure you make a reservation. 

You won't be sorry you tried it!
Oh my God the truffles...

Get the Trofie pasta dish.  

Fancy little BYOB near Rittenhouse.  Try to snag a window seat and get some people watching in while you indulge in the best table bread I've ever had and delicious and inviting Italian cuisine.  The scallops are a winner as well, but for the love of God get the Trofie.
For a romantic celebratory dinner, a better place I could not choose.  Caffe Casta Diva satisfied all of the things on our wish list for our anniversary dinner.  My boyfriend and I dined on a Saturday night with a great bottle of Multepuciano red.  We started with the caeser salad and calamari to share.  The calamari was spicey and cooked perfectly.  The caesar was dressed very nicely - not too heavy.  

For the main event, my boyfriend had the filet special which did not disappoint (short rib ravioli, garlic spinach and a foie gras delight on top).  I went with the classic tagliatelle bolognese which was divine and just what the doctor ordered.

For dessert, we shared the canoli which was enough for 4 to share.  Overall, a very delightful and memorable meal.  Don't forget your cash!
Delicious food ( beet salad; fungi pasta; duck; and whatever they got for specials!); great atmosphere (perfect for a date); and Dave is just the sweetest!~
We had another wonderful experience at Caffe Casta Diva last night...

The Salumi Platter is great.  Wish it came with some cheeses to make it a meat & cheese platter.  (See Mercato's Menu)

The New York Strip was cooked perfectly.  The potatoes with the steak were fried slices and lacked a little flavor.

The Scallops were unbelievable. Four large scallops on a bed of truffle infused Risotto.  I can't stop thinking about the dish into the next day.

BYOB!

Cash only :-(

Definitely go support Caffe Casta Diva.  You'll need to make reservations.
Caffe Casta Diva (227 S 20th St) has quickly become one of our favorite BYOBs in the city. The food is always fresh and very enjoyable and it's one of the few places in the area where you can sit down for dinner at 7:30 and not feel pressured to leave until you are ready.  The portions are well sized and desserts are off the charts - can't miss Tiramisu and Cannolis.  

I recommend anything they're serving.  I've enjoyed their grilled octopus, fresh pasta, and perfectly prepared fish on the many visits.  Their service is solid, but one of the rare traits is that they don't bring you a check until you ask for it.  So, if you're going out with friends and just want to chat, you can show up at 7:30 and not leave until you want to (just bring enough wine to enjoy). 

For more reviews: http://bit.ly/gWIQBv
This is one of the better BYOBs that I have been to Philly. Some of my other favorites are bit more cramped and loud (but still great), so it's nice to have a quieter place once in a while. I went here with my girlfriend on a weeknight and it was busy but not over-crowded. Highlights of the meal were:

Appetizer: grilled calamari, a welcome change from the usual fried
Entree: wild board pasta
Dessert: poached pear (her choice, the espresso creme brulee that I tried was not as good)

Overall, a great BYOB!
Amazing food, cozy and romantic...reservations reccomded for typically busy nights! Ask for the window  seats for  great people watching.
One of the city's best Italian restaurants. The burrata bruschetta appetizer, the wild boar, and the short ribs were nothing short of excellent. The kitchen is quite talented and it shows with every bite. Will be coming back here ASAP. 

Side note: Bring a big Lodi Zin with you. Pairs surprisingly well with the array of dishes available.
This review is for the reservation process only. I made my reservation by contacting the restaurant by phone. My reservation was not honored, so I could not dine here.

Saturday May 7th I made reservations for my boyfriend and I to go out to dinner for his birthday. In summary, my reservation time was changed twice by the hostess, and still when I arrived, I had no table. After waiting for 20 minutes (outside - the restaurant seemed very intimate and we felt awkward waiting inside), we decided to go elsewhere. Here's what happened:

6:30PM - Called to make a reservation, the hostess said the soonest available was 8:45PM. Reservation was made for 8:45PM.
7:04PM - Received a phone call from the hostess, who told me she mad a mistake with my booking and my reservation had to be moved to 9:15PM. She was apologetic, so I figured I would let it slide. I mention it's my boyfriend's birthday - could they do a small cake/dessert? Yep, not a problem.
8:02PM - Received a second call from the hostess. She said she was there was a 'no show' so our table was ready now. I told her I'm sorry - I was planning on coming at 9:15PM, as was previously confirmed. She said that wasn't a problem, that our table would be 'waiting for us' when we got there. 
9:10PM - Arrive at restaurant only to be told that our table is not ready and it will be a 5-10 minute wait. This is the same exact hostess who told me at 8:02 that our table 'was waiting for us.'
9:18PM - After walking around the block a few times, I call the hostess. She says it will again by another 5-10 minutes until the table is ready.
9:25PM - I call the hostess and ask if our table is ready. Nope. I request to speak to her manager. She says she doesn't have a manager, but the owner would be the best person to go to. She would pass along my information to him. Unfortunately I haven't heard from the owner, ten days later.

I felt like the hostess led me on a wild goose chase, and at the end of the day, was not sincere about our reservation. The whole experience was very frustrating and disappointing.
Came here for a group dinner with my partner and 6 new pals. I thoroughly enjoyed our meal and the restaurant. Would definitely return.  

Pros:
- BYOB
- Speedy, pleasant and attentive service
- Pappardelle dish was quite yummy 
- Cozy and compact environment
A gem of a restaurant in Rittenhouse area. On a quieter street and easy to miss, and the atmosphere can be a little lacking, but boy, the food makes for it in a BIG way!! Husband and I have dined at some of the finest restaurants in the country and in Europe, and this is now at the top of our list in terms of the food. (Go Philly!) For appetizers we shared the calamari, the shaved vegetables and the burrata. The calamari was so flavorful! We had to dip the delicious bread in the sauce to savor every last bit. The shaved vegetables is so light and refreshing! And beautiful too in colors and presentation. For entrees, I had the fusilli on the server's recommendation, and OMG, it was out of this world. Husband ordered the pappardelle but without the meat, because he doesn't eat meat, and they were very accommodating and executed a flavorful pappardelle with mushrooms and smoked onions that was outstanding. Every dish was refined and beautifully executed. Deserving of a Michelin Star! Can't wait to come back. NOTE: cash only and byob.
So so so so good! I'm still thinking about the duck and the salmon I shared with my dining partner who totally hogged the duck and accompanying veggies, not cool man not cool! Anyway the service was great and the food was even better. Decor was unremarkable but there's still a romantic vibe but not too stuffy to go there with your girlfriends. It's BYOB so you know what to do. We didn't try the desserts; we were too full but that poached pear has my name on it (on my next visit). It's cash only so you know what to dox2. Be prepared for your tastebuds to be impressed and your stomach to be full by meal's end. Buon appetitto!
What a wonderful experience! We came here last night for restaurant week and had a wonderful time from start to finish. The restaurant is small and cozy but you don't feel cramped. For appetizers, we got the gnoudi (divine/melt in your mouth) and the scallop crudo which had a great balance of acidity and flavor. Our main courses were the branzino, chicken, and pork shank all of which were perfectly seasoned and accompanied by thoughtful side-dishes. Too often are the sides ignored, or lack luster, and these were neither. The desserts were decadent and the perfect end to the meal. The waitstaff was attentive without being overbearing and never made us feel rushed even though we were there from 6:30-10:30pm.
Loving this quaint Italian restaurant just off of Rittenhouse Square!

It's an intimidate little place that gave our group of 6 just the right amount of attention. I thought the pastas were prepared perfectly and seafood was fresh. It's an older clientele so the place is relatively quiet for being a BYO. Definitely my favorite BYO so far. 

The prices seemed reasonable relative to other Italian restaurants in the area. Cash only though so come prepared.

Awesome little spot. Unique/inventive menu items make this an A for me.
Just ok. I don't hear well and noise level on Friday night made it difficult to enjoy the dining.
The service was friendly and efficient but the food was just not memorable. Shared two appetizers. The eggplant wrapped around asparagus with melted cheese was good but the red sauce was bland and lacked character. The sautéed calamari was pretty boring as well.
For my entree I had scallops with risotto. This was a big letdown. Scallops were fishy, really big and not enjoyable. The risotto was very creamy and ordinary.
Oh well. Has potential but just not anything special. And it's a BYO that is not cheap with the tab at $100 for two people.
During restaurant week decided to try something new and different. I must say I was not disappointed. This quaint restaurant is in the heart of Rittenhouse in center city Philadelphia. 

Restaurant week provides a selection of a three course meal. To start begin our meal I started out having a beet salad with goat cheese. I love goat cheese and find that goat cheese on a salad. The beet salad was great. The combination of beets and goat cheese is genius. The entree I had was the flank steak with potatoes. I am not a big steak fan but I must admit the steak was tender and flavorful. The dessert I had was tiramisu... The tiramisu was rich. 

This place is a definite gem.
