So when this was Barristers there used to be a bit older crowd in here.  Or at least it seemed a bit more mature.

I've been here twice since it changed and it was loud and just a bunch of fratty assholes.  

One Saturday I stopped in to see what was up and they were playing BEER PONG downstairs!  BEER PONG!
For years, I have been a huge fan of all things Cavanaugh's (Riverdeck, Headhouse, and Rittenhouse). The food is always delicious, and the Cav's sauce is a must-try. I'd recommend ordering takeout because my most recent in-person visit left a very bad impression on me and the friends I brought with me.

In short, the service from the bartenders on our Tuesday night visit was somewhere between unkind and genuinely mean. The food we had ordered came out at varying times, with one person waiting 15 minutes and another waiting 45 minutes. When you're ordering chicken fingers and fries, there is no reason it should take 45 minutes. 

In more detail... my friends and I are in a kickball league that plays on Tuesday nights. The league has different "bar sponsors" that offer promotional pricing if you visit their business on game day in your league shirt. We were thrilled to see that Cav's was on the list and gave it a try. I can understand how a group of 10 people showing up around 9 PM on a Tuesday night would be unwanted by a staff member. However, we're 10 paying customers and the business willingly chose to be a bar sponsor. 

When we arrived our IDs and vaccination cards were checked at the door. Then as we walked past the bar to grab seats, the bartender angrily stopped us to demand we show our vaccination cards, again. We tried to explain they had already been checked, and the staff member that checked them at the door also tried to explain this, however the bartender was intent on double checking... fine!

A few of us stood by the bar, intending to buy some drinks and bring them back to the tables. The bartender told us to take a seat, that someone would come take our order. We did as we were told. After being ignored for 10-15 minutes, we went back up to the bar where the bartender told us we should just order there. This is where my confusion and frustration began, because this was the original plan. Disorganization is a pet peeve of mine, but this was not a huge deal.

We finally got drinks, placed some food orders, and were enjoying our post-game team bonding. Two out of the three people that had ordered food received it in a reasonable amount of time. The third waited, and waited. Checked-in with the bartender to ask what the delay was and if someone may have been given her food by mistake. After a full 45 minutes of waiting, the food finally came. My friend was tired and frustrated to have to wait so long for chicken fingers and fries, so she asked for a takeout box and took it home with her.

After she left, I witnessed and heard the bartender then go on to speak negatively about my friend for asking about the timing of her food and then ordering food while dining in and then immediately taking it to go.

The worst part of this whole thing is that we did not even get the discount that Cav's offered the league for stopping by on game night in our shirts. This was overall a pretty negative experience for all parties involved (us as guests and clearly the staff as well). 

If you've made it this far, thank you for your dedication to reading my ramblings. Order their wings for takeout, and their mac and cheese! The delicious food is why Cav's is getting 3 stars.
If there was the ability to give negative stars I would do it. In a heartbeat.

We were looking for a bar that was showing UFC 101. I was at Cavs the week before watching the Phils game on a friday night and I asked the downstairs bartender, who was very friendly and quite cute, if they would be showing it with sound. They were. Bonus. A somewhat small bar with numerous HD TVs with a so-so beer list and your run of the mill bar food Sounds ok to me. That is where the positives would end.

We got there around 9 and were able to secure some seats at the upstairs bar near the bigger tv and a smaller one on the side.  Sat down and ordered 2 Buds. Listen i enjoy craft beer as much as the anyone, but on this evening i was looking for something easy to drink and easier on my wallet ( I had planned to be there for a few hours)  The brown haired, female bartender proceed to ask me if I was ordering Bud because it was on special. I had no idea it was on special so of course I said no. She then informed me "the Budweiser special only goes until the end of the Phillies game and after that you will need to order something else"     Ok. I guess after the Phillies game Budweiser just up and dissapears. I was appalled that she was telling me that I HAD to order something else.  Time passes and we order more beer and a few shots of Tully.  We had menus in front of us and the bartender comes over and asks if we are"gonna order food or not" 
We did, Fried Mozzarella and a large order of Wings. The Pub menu is half priced from 8-12, which we were unaware of, so that was a bonus also. Food took a little long but it didnt really bother us. The Fried Mozz was supposedly "homemade", It was completely flavorless and cold. The marinara was tasty actually.  The wings were very, very good. Not your run of the mill hot wings. This is where the night took a serious turn for the worst. My friend asked for a glass of ice water. A reasonable request being we were eating spicy, salty wings. The bartender, I think Dani was her name, informed us that they are not allowed to give ice water but he could buy a bottle of it. Are you kidding me??? He wanted water so he gave in and ordered it, getting a glass of ice seemed like a chore. On two seperate occasions she removed the glass of water before it was finished absolutely infuriating my friend. This girl was completely clueless and informed us that a bartender "was fired last week for giving away water"

Jaegermeister was promoting stuff at the bar and the girl who working it came over, struck up a conversation (very friendly) and told us they were running a $5 Shot special. To me, a shot special should be no more than $4. I asked the bartender, the next time she came over, how much a shot of Jaeger was normally. She informed us that it was $7.50. I made a funny remark about jaeger "being $7.50" She looked at me (Dani) and said "you obviously aren't from around here". This completely pissed me and my friend off defending our "Phillyness" explaining to this obvious main line bred bartender that I live about 6 blocks away. She then proceeded to tell me that "you are in Rittenhouse i guess you just dont drink here" I then mentioned i do drink in rittenhouse at Black Sheep, Monks, Pistolas and Oscars. It was then she informed me that she had "never heard of those places"  I couldnt even explain to you how heated I was at this point.  

There was also signs of blatant racism by the bartender towards two african american gentlemen who were not together but were asked to "inform your friend over there that we dont offer the pub menu to-go"  He looked at the bartender and informered her that they didnt even know each other. She responded with and "oh"
Few days ago, my friends and I held a fundraising happy hour here, and the staff were remarkable (shout-out to Justine: events manager.) 
During our two hour premium open bar, I had the Cav`s Mac and Cheese - half priced and delicious followed by the Caprese Chicken Sandwich- also half priced and very very good.

Cavanaugh's Rittenhouse offers reasonably priced and interesting menu options and drinks. Go for the food, and stay for the relaxed atmosphere and fun time. 

Three and Half Yelps
We've spent the last 9 months coming to Cavanaugh's every Tuesday to play Quizzo with the famous Irish John hosting; a team of four to six players, getting burgers and drinks every visit and making sure to tip generously. We've always been well behaved and have gotten to know some of the waitstaff and bar staff. One of our players has a restricted diet for medical reasons and usually just gets a bottled water. How do they thank us for our loyalty and repeat business? By banning this player from the quiz last week out of nowhere, because "a bar is a business"; and having the quizmaster notify us of this, no less.  I guess it didn't occur to them that alienating a table of 4-6 patrons who order food and multiple rounds of drinks ever week--because one guy gets bottled water--isn't exactly the best business sense. To our confusion they have no drink minimum or order minimum policy for Quizzo, nor did they think to simply approach him and ask that he order more than bottled water (at any point before telling him he's just not welcome), or seem to care that it was for medical reasons. My wife went back to ask them about it this week, and they were adamant about the decision.

We've enjoyed playing Quizzo here a lot. It's been our weekly ritual for a long time now, to come meet our friends for burgers, craft brews and trivia, which makes this situation suck so much more. But we're not coming back after this.
Def a fan of this Happy Hour spot.  As a Happy Hour enthusiast, I can definitely say Cav's Rittenhouse is the CHEAPEST happy hour I've been to in the city.  They have a ton of half price appetizer specials - mozz sticks, nachos, buff chick dip, cheese steaks...just to name a few.  All of the drinks are $2 off.  EXCEPT the specialty cocktails, which is sad but fine considering the plethora of other options. 

I got 3 IPAs and a chicken cheese steak with fries for under $20. WHOA, unheard of in Center City.  I'm pretty sure happy hour runs from 5-7 pm Mon-Fri and doesn't get too crowded like many other spots in the city.

The vibe is definitely sports bar atmosphere which is great to catch the sports game if that's what you're into.  Service, however, is a hit or miss.  We had two waitresses during our time there and the first one was SO rude.  She was unfriendly, short, and unaccommodating...I wish I knew her name, but I didn't catch it.  On the contrary, our second waitress was the complete opposite, nice and friendly, super attentive..loved her.

In conclusion, I will definitely be back here in the future and highly recommend this spot.
This joint knows how to have a good time. 

Rittenhouse (oddly enough one of my favorite whiskeys) is a top of the line bar for getting libations to make you feel just right. 

We came here with a large group and the staff were super cool. We kept ordering up shots and drinks all night long. Discovered they had one of my new favorite beers, Golden Monkey and I was in love. 

Great low key spot for a great night out on the town.
Great food! Had the short rib mac and cheese and my fiance had the BBQ Brisket sandwich. The service was superb, the atmosphere relaxing...perfect for watching the NBA Semi-finals!
Wow.

This is not our normal type of bar so I'm not going to review the decor, music, or the bathrooms.  My review would be totally biased.  Let's talk about the customer service and the food, shall we?

Last year I won $100 Cavanaugh's Cash at a charity fundraising event.  Neat right?  Free beer!  Well the gift certificates were expired a year before the actual event.  Event:  October 2010, Expiry: September 2009.  The event organizers called Cavanaugh's and let them know about the misprint, and Cavanaugh's signed off on them, crossing off the expiry date and someone left their initials.  Sweet.

So fast forward to today, when we want to use the $100.  Since we don't normally frequent this place, I called ahead just to make sure that whoever's initials were included next to the crossed off expiry date were valid, blah, blah, blah.  (I didn't want to rack up a huge bill to find out they wouldn't accept the gift cards.)  I spoke to an EXTREMELY rude person on the phone who was huffing and puffing about, "Well I don't recognize those initials."  (This is why I called ahead...)  I was cool with her, and told her what event I won them at and she finally said, "Fine bring them in."  And HUNG UP ON ME.   Really?  Hung up on me?

We go in anyway and again, not our type of bar, but whatever, we were going to get a few rounds of beers and food with a friend.  We go to pay our bill which was $76.30.  Now, at every single other eating establishment that I've been to, if you don't spend the entire card, they'll cut you another one for the difference.  They won't give cash back, for obvious reasons, and we weren't expecting that.  We left a generous $16 tip IN CASH (more than 20%).  When we asked for the difference to be put on another card we got eye rolling and more sighing and huffing and puffing.

We were told by a pissed off manager who acted like we were scum of the earth (what did we do wrong again?), "It clearly states NO CHANGE back."  We explained calmly that we weren't expecting cash back.  After nearly three minutes of the manager rolling her eyes at us, she cut us another certificate for $23.70.  At which point we handed it to another patron because there was no way we were coming back.  (I really hope she enjoyed the fact that their bill was $23.70 cheaper!)

Now, if Cavanaugh's want to state on the cards, "Must spend the entire amount of the gift certificate in one seating," that's one thing.  But it did not say that.  Even if that's what their non-stated policy is, they could have come to our table and said, "Hey guys, you may want to order another round of drinks because you're short and we can't give you a card for the difference."  That would have been totally fine (albeit weird). Instead we were treated like trash.

It will be also noted that we went in on a Sunday afternoon, the place was NEARLY empty so we weren't bothering anyone during a rush period.  We also thought our 20+% cash tip would go a long way to our server who probably had a very slow afternoon.  She wasn't a phenomenal server, but I've worked at bars before so I know what it's like to live on tips and how much slow days can really suck.  With service like this from the manager, I'm not surprised the place was so empty.

Food:  If you enjoy airport-pub type food this place might be your thing.  Salad consisted of iceberg lettuce, tomatoes and shaved carrots.  Really?  That's what Denny's was serving 20 years ago. We weren't expecting much, but it was pretty bad for Philadelphia.  In a city where there seems to be an amazing gastropub on every corner (offering far better food at similar prices), this place just does not meet the standard of most of the bars in Philly.  Beers on tap were pretty good, I'll give them that. 

My advice?  If you appreciate eye-rolling and boring, predictable food, this might be your ticket.  I won't be going back.  Not even for $23.70 of free drinks.
Screw the award winning wings (although they did smell decilicious) and become a serious carnivore when you hit up Cavanaugh's next. Hands down the one of the best burgers and cheese steaks I have ever had. Why? Read on.

Having never been to this location and only for drinks at the other two, I was excited to try out some food. The place looks like a complete dive, and we were happy to see a lively crowd in the downstairs area as we were greeted to place drink orders.

Before even discussing the food, the young lady who attended us was EXTREMELY knowledgeable about her beer. I am normally not a beer drinker, but opted for an ale merely on her enthusiastic description! 

Now let's talk food. Starving, I ordered the Cavanaugh's burgers which is caramelized onions, sugar-cured bacon, cheddar, and Cavanaugh's sauce. Let's just say that sweet cured bacon or the special sauce HIT THE SPOT! What an amazing mix of flavors, no ketchup, mayo or anything needed! The burgers came out medium and I normally eat my meat well done, but after that first bite, I could not part with the damn thing. It was completely amazing.

I didn't think it could get any better, so when hubby and I switched plates so he can take a bite of my burgers, I had a small bite that turned into a second and third.....don't judge me. The cheese steak was nice and juicy, filled with meat, melted cheese and a roll that just melted in your mouth soft. 

I really can't say anymore than I finished my ENITRE burger and then wanted to crawl into a ball for a nap, what a perfect meal.
It's definitely a sports bar, with more large screens on the walls than I see at Best Buy! The bar itself is huge and I am not a beer drinker, but oh my heavens so many different taps or bottles to choose from and I saw several guys walk in to buy beer to go.
 
I was 50/50 on this place and I'll tell you why...
 
The Good:
 
I wanted both the pulled chicken sliders and the cheeseburger sliders and the sweet, sweet bartender allowed me to mix and match since I had to try both and both were insanely awesome!
 
So many TV's, so many teams, I wanted the Steeler's on and whala, they were right there, they will gladly change any specific TV on demand.
 
The Okay:
 
The potato leek soup with cheddar cheese and bacon was okay, had somewhat of a gritty taste to it, like they used a packaged potato starch and it was not yet blended in well enough or cooked enough?
 
Michael's cheesesteak was on a good crusty roll, but he has had much better, it was still okay.
 
The Ugly:
 
We waited for the restaurant to open for lunch, as we had a 1:00 play and they opened a good 15 minutes late, it happens, and others were there and left and decided to not wait, even though a huge running marathon was happening in the area.  
 
Seeing we were the first ones in the door for lunch, we knew that no one had used the booth that we were seated in before the night before and it was filthy. The entire table surface was sticky and there were even discarded used straws on the backside of the table, plus used napkins on the floor. UGH!
 
I asked if the perogies at $10.00 were homemade and she informed us they were frozen, hello, remove them from the menu or get some homemade ones in that will warrant $10.00 for an appetizer!
 
2.5 stars, but the sliders were awesome, Go Steelers! ( well maybe next year ).
This Cavanaugh's is right behind my office, so it's a frequent pick for happy hour, and that's usually the only reason I go until I heard about the Southern Tier Brew and Chew.  $20 for food plus unlimited beers, count me in.  My friends and I got there a little before the start time at 7, and were able to grab a table.  The event was held downstairs.  The food was decent, better than the usual pub fare, but the plates were small which wasn't ideal considering the amount of alcohol.  Also, the ad for the event said people from Southern Tier would be there talking about the beers, and maybe I just missed them, but I didn't see anyone.  I thought that there would be an explanation of each course and why the food was being matched with that particular beer, but no such luck.  I'd still go back if there's another brewery stopping by that I like.
The first time I came here I thought "Hmm, this is the kind of place I could see getting roofied in". We waited ten minutes for a beer while getting tossed around in the tight crowd. Needless to say we left soon after. 

The setup is not conducive to the sports bar/meat market that it is. As it is Philly it's a long, galley style setup, bars lining and taking up the floor space on both floors. To attempt to get to a booth in the back (if they're even available) you have to bump against every random hanging out on the stools both at the bar and the ledge lining the wall about six feet from the bar. I am a girl of average stature, I can't imagine having to find space as a grown man.

There are two reasons to go to this place, especially on a weekend:

1. They have a "brown bag special" where you get a beer in a brown bag for $2. You don't know what it is, and you don't get to complain if you don't like it. Guess what? The beer inside is actually GOOD! It's consistently a Yards or Victory beer, what a surprise.

2. The crowd is a hysterical drunken mess. If you actually get a place to sit take it, stick around a little and enjoy the crowd. Messy girls in ill fitting heels and too short hemlines mismatched with guys in cargo shorts, T-shirts and sneakers. Everyone has drank clearly past their limit and watching sloppy attempts at hookup are never a bad time.

If you're looking to hook up, watch a sports game in a VERY tight space or score a cheap beer on the way home from work, hit it up. If your taste is a little more highbrow steer clear.
We came here yesterday to watch a lil' football and fell in love. The bar was quaint and totally laid back. What we loved was we had SPACE. It was crowded, yes, but we had room to breathe and the service totally rocked. Mai, Sarah, and Daphne - we loved you! We'll definitely be back here. The drinks were priced well and the pours were perfect. There were TV"s everywhere and while we didn't dabble in the food - it looked and smelled delicious. Cannot wait to go back to Cavanaugh's!
Came here a few times now.  This time it was on a Wednesday night, which is their karaoke night.  The atmosphere was decent.  There were definitely lots of white people drunk karaokeing, made for great people watching.  If that's not your cup of tea, the downstair area is a lot quieter.

We ordered the wings and the calamari.  The calamari was overcooked, so they tasted like cardboard.  I was so disappointed since calamari is one of my thing.  The wings are decent especially the ones with the Cavanaugh's sauce.  I am of course ruined from enjoying wings anywhere else other than Cafe Soho so to some other people they probably tasted great.
So you're in downtown Philly, there's an Eagles game on, and you need a place to watch.  Now, I know Philly is the kinda town where EVERY bar is an Eagles bar, but if you get here early enough to secure your seating (and you gotta get here EARLY), this will probably be one of the most fun places to watch.  It's small, intimate, cheap drinks, good tater tots, and a friendly but LOUD crowd.  I wish I could have stayed for the whole game.  Damned Amtrak...
I come here for Kentucky alumni get togethers to watch the basketball games so my experience mostly has been positive. Today I went in around 3:30pm and watched the game with a couple of friends, and after the game around 6:30 Justine asked me to close out. So my tab was about 60 bucks and I paid it no problem. I decided to stay an hour since I'd had four beers and when I asked for a water the new bartender greeted me with hostility. She said her boss is watching her and that I should order something or leave. I explained that I'd been here for a while and paid a decent tab and I was just gonna watch the next game for an hour. I would've had no problem if she said my bad and was nice but instead she was rude and filled my water hastily and made me feel unwelcome. I won't be coming back. This place is not special in any sort of way to justify putting up with this. Go somewhere else if you are in rhittenhouse.
This was my second time to Cavanaugh's. The first was for a Mizzou football watch party that took up the whole back room, and the server handled the large, rowdy group well. They even came around with a tray of free sandwiches for everyone.

For round two we showed up for the Mizzou basketball watch party, entered the back room and realized it was empty. No one had showed up. We turned around to leave and... the door had locked behind us. Locked in and slightly worried, I called their number and they promptly answered. I told them we had come for the alumni watch party and gotten locked in the back room. The woman who answered was super nice and quickly sent someone back. The lady who came to unlock the door was also very nice and conversational... she was surprised they didn't show up, talked to us about the game and even offered to let us stay in the back room to watch it. After another guy with the TV controls for the room came in to help us find the game we all realized that it was only on ESPN3 (i.e. not on television) so we couldn't even watch the game. Realizing this night was a fail we got ready to leave, but instead they insisted on treating us to two Yuengling bottles on them and invited us back another time. 

This is how a place turns an unhappy patron into a happy one and keeps people coming back (even though none of this was Cavanaugh's fault). This place was super lively for the Raven's game with TVs everywhere, and for sports fans it seems like the place to be. If I could vouch for their food (which we didn't try) this would be a five star experience.
I recently held a charity fundraising event at Cavanaugh's Rittenhouse and they were phenomenal to work with. 

To be honest, I've never done anything like this before and didn't know what I was doing. I was just sick of always asking people for donations so figured this would be a really fun way to raise some money. 

I worked with the GM, Mike, to set up the event. He was very patient with my questions and very accommodating with what they were willing to offer. I ended up going with an open bar package as the special, and he even let me pick two different price points to accommodate all of my guests. 

The day of the event, they were ready for my arrival and had a table set up that I could use downstairs.  I was able to put signage throughout the bar, and even on the front door. Phil helped me out the day of the event and genuinely wanted my event to succeed.  Our bartender treated my group very well. By my second drink, he already knew my beverage preference. He was very generous and even donated to the cause. The whole event ran smoothly and all of my guests had a great time.  

I already knew that Cav's was a fun sports bar and good place to go, but now I know it's an awesome place to have a fundraiser.
Not a bad place...VERY young crowd though.

Bar food looked decent and the drink specials were reasonably priced.
"Hey, bro. Wassup? You want to go be a bro with me? That cool? We're gonna get trashed tonight, because, hey, YOLO."

When I felt like saying things like the above quote, I went to Cavanaugh's. I mean, I'm not usually a bro, but I did do undergrad at a party school, so hey, I can relive the dream of being at a Delta Tau Delta social, but this time with actually quality food and beer. But wait, when I start talking to these guys, they are actually decent people too!

The clientele are legit sports people, having a huge number of alumni groups that come out for Football on Saturdays in the fall (message me if you're a UGA fan, FYI). And a huge number of the clientele are surprisingly polite before being obnoxious regionalists sports fanatics.  You can even say bad things about the Big Ten being overrated and people will legitimately have a conversation with you. It's refreshing, considering Philadelphia has a jingoistic culture around sports, especially for the Nittany Lions, Eagles, and the Phillies.

The food? The food is great!  The burgers are great. The nachos are really tasty. The Buffalo Chicken Dip is rustic, spicy and hearty.  Who else in the area serves tater tots? What a well respected monopoly to have!  I'm in love with the cheese and bacon tater tots. It has become my 4th-quarter stress food when we are down by 7.  I have only qualm with the menu and that's that I hate the smell of pierogies (in general) and invariably someone orders in the bar.

The service is usually okay. They're chronically understaffed when it gets busy, but you're usually watching the game so you don't notice.

Trivia on Tuesday? Fantastic. Very good questions and Irish Jon is an unapologetic badass that will say any trivia team I want.  He was okay with my purposely-inflammatory "Midgets go up on me" team name. And if someone is okay with that, they're okay in my books. Plus the burgers are half off.

Happy hour? It's a great deal.  Pub menu 50% off gives you a huge dinner for a good price.  

I will tell you that I don't like going to Cavanaugh's when a special is not going on because I find it a bit overpriced (hence the loss of a star).  But I will say that the clientele is great for a sports bar. It seems all the douchebags go to Drinkers and Noche and all the people I'd actually like to interact with go to Cavanaugh's and/or Oh! Shea's.
I'll start with the good; Cavanaugh's is first and foremost a sports bar, so they've got the requisite flat screens all over the place. It's a pretty good place to watch a game. Additionally, he beer selection is actually pretty decent. I was surprised and yet pleased to find Rogue's Dead Guy Ale on tap. 

So the beer and the sports are good. However, everything else about Cavanaugh's is pretty run of the mill. There are two bars, one upstairs and one downstairs, but both are pretty bland in terms of atmosphere. I was last there on a Friday night, and there was a DJ but the music was 'blah' and nobody was dancing. There was a fair number of people, but it was by no means crowded. 

Cavanaugh's Rittenhouse might deserve more than three stars when the game is on, but I can't quite bring myself to give it four in general. That is to say, it's A-OK.
Came here on a Thursday night to watch the football and grab dinner. They have a great selection of beers (finally found a place that serves Crabbies!) but we were all a bit disappointment in the food. I had the pulled pork special and found the meat to be quite bland. The wings that the table ordered were ok, but again, they found the Cavanaugh sauce to be quite bland.

The layout of the bar makes it hard to socialize as well. It's a split level bar so you need to decide if you want to sit upstairs or down. There are a lot of TVs around, but we had to crane our necks in the booth to see the tv properly. This place would be good to pop into for a quick beer, but I probably wouldn't come in here again.
Great bar, great pub menu! I'm not a huge fan of sports bar but this place is more of a Cheers feeling type of place. The bartender, Paul (downstairs) is a heavy pour and good company. Great place to meet for after work or in between. Great guac made to order!
typical bar, watched a few games here and i've DEF done Wednesday night karaoke one too many times. i like it here, no negatives really. its big, there's a dart board in the back and fun to get drinks on a Saturday afternoon.
Worst food I've ever encountered out in Philadelphia. I get that people aren't really here for the food (based on the obnoxious people ordering round after round of shots) but I ordered the soup of the day - which was served cold. And my boyfriend (who normally loves their wings) also received his wings cold. Both meals went back. 

When they returned, the wings were "okay". The soup was warm but the vegetable portion of my tomato vegetable soup was raw and the tomato part just tasted like watered down ketchup. So, I guess I had a side salad with a frozen vegetable blend (carrots, corn, onion, celery, green beans) drowned in ketchup. Barf. 

Service wasn't bad but I would be hard pressed to return.
I can see this as being a bar that I might actively dislike if I were to come here on a Saturday night on my own or with one other person. However, for happy hour, with a group of friends, it was a blast. Despite a big crowd, the bartender was friendly and prompt, even played a few rounds of Connect Four for free beers. Beers were well priced, and there was a range of quality, too (i.e. not just Bud Light). It got loud occasionally, but never overpowering, and if we wanted to stretch out there was a fair amount of space. So, it remains to be seen how it will fare in other circumstances, but my experience was mostly enjoyable.
I am not sure why, but I really want to hate any place labeled "sports bar" especially those located in Rittenhouse, or anywhere that draws a way too young/drunk/annoying crowd. I just can't hate on this place, in fact, I really kind of like it!

You have to take things for what they are: this place has like 157 huge TVs playing whatever sports event is on that night (I swear they were even playing the world series of poker one night), relatively cheap beer and a lot of really good cheap beer, awesome wings, pretty decent food, and a lot of specials. 

This place is packed on Sunday nights and Saturday afternoons, but the servers are all pretty approachable and I am never left dry. The wings with Cavanaugh's sauce are REALLY damn good, and they have Victory, Troegs, Bells, Six Point, PBC (mostly bottles) for considerably cheaper than most other place. And it's like $2 off ALL beers during their generous happy hour. When I can get a Golden Monkey for $3.75, I am very happy.

The crowd here isn't even annoying. Just people wanting to watch their team or just overall have a good time. Haven't ever encountered the drunk-frat crowd. I am a New York sports fan and even I have never been given shit here for rooting for my team. Granted I have yet to watch a Giants-Eagles game here, but.... I'll still consider this a win.
Super slow service. I accidentally spilled my beer all over myself and my phone. I waited ten minutes for the server to come back before I finally just asked the table next to me if I could use some of their napkins. We ate outside, got the wrong sandwich but it was still really good so we didn't say anything. Went inside to use the bathroom noticed that the plastic sheets between booths were nice, not just shower curtain liners like some places. Appreciate that. Overall the food and drinks were good but the service was poor. Ordered the cheesesteak but got the chicken cheesesteak, it was good! Just not what we'd ordered.
It was late on a Friday night, and all I wanted was some food!  I stopped in here to grab a drink and some food with my sister after a comedy show.  I got a salad that came with garlic bread.  It was really good and a great value for only $4.  My sister got a mystery beer.  Basically you pay $3, cash only, and they bring out a bottle of beer in a brown paper bag.  It's a surprise what you get.  My sister was happy when she received Oktoberfest beer from last year.

I was a little surprised that they didn't have a dance floor at this place.  We had immediately walked in and gone to the upper floor, but we passed a DJ on the way in.  We saw the downstairs, but it was very similar to the upstairs.  From all of the commercials I had heard about this place, I thought for sure this would be a place to get your dance on!

Bottom line - the service, food, and beverages were great.  It was a little on the loud side for us.
I am fan as we can get all our Cal (Berkeley) football games on TV here.  We recently moved to watching games here, as regardless of the channel we are on, we are able to get it.

Bobby is a cool bar manager, as he knows how to take care of our alumni club.  There are halftime hoagies for our group, drink specials, and he will do what it takes to get our games on TV.

Look for the Cal Alumni group to be there this fall watching our beloved Golden Bears on TV.
Cavs is that ok neighborhood bar that has good food. It has two levels and lots of tvs. It's a great place to watch a game. For the bars in the area, I have to say they have good bar food. Their wings are great!! They always have specials. Tonight was half price chicken sandwiches. I had a great buffalo chicken wrap with fries for $5. They have a half priced burger night also. The burgers are pretty good. And wing night specials. That night gets busy!! Decent prices beer. Mad elf on tap! My favorite part is the mystery beer. For $3 cash only you order the mystery beer. It could be a cheap or a surprisingly good bottle of beer. Plus it's fun to see what you get! Service is just ok in my experience. But overall, a good neighborhood
Cav's Rittenhouse has a solid happy hour.  Pub menu is 50% off which means that you could eat dinner (albeit a not so healthy one) for around $5 and their beers are $2/$2.50.  This is from 5-7...pretty sure every night of the week.

One thing that you must check out at Cav's Ritt is the Brew & Chew.  This event is monthly usually on a Wednesday and features a brewery of the day.  Every half hour the beer that the brewery is offering changes, and a new dish (small plate) is brought to accompany the beer.  And the beer is unlimited....for that whole Brew & Chew, you can drink as much as you possibly can.  Sometimes this is physically impossible given that these are craft beers.  Best part of the deal - it's $20!

If you're lucky, you'll get selected for the Rock, Paper, Scissors contest held upstairs after the event.  This must be just a normal Wednesday occurance.  However, it is the most intense RPS competition I've ever witnessed.  A NCAA style bracket is posted on the wall and everybody gathers around like that "Yo Mama" joke show on MTV.  When it gets to the final pair, the bar turns into a raging battle inclusive of stare downs, disco lights, hootin...and a hollerin.

Who has two thumbs and is a Cav's Ritt RPS Champion?  THIS GAL.
The "Cav's wings" are fucking lovely... like a BBQ / hot sauce marriage. Paul is the man. Go sample some whiskey and tip the shit out of him.
Cav's Rittenhouse is certainly a step up from its counterpart in University City.  I mean, no bar that offers 'brown bag specials' is every going to be high class, but I will say the general atmosphere and service keep it on my "occasionally" list.

First, more detail on the "brown bag special".  For a few bucks, you get an unknown beer (in a brown bag no less).  It could be Mad Dog (boo) it could be high end Victory (yeah).  Hey, it's cheap beer in a bottle - no one should be complaining.

The bar is multiple levels, with a few TVs to watch the game or the fight.  They usually don't charge a cover, but everyone once in a while they have a pay-for-view that has them charging like $3 at the door.  

Otherwise, there isn't much else noteworthy.  Don't come expecting a high brow experience and you'll probably have a good time.  You might even catch me pressing my brown bag luck...
Very odd mix of people. Bring your own friends and you will have a good time. I suggest the open bar option because you will be needing lots of their weak mixed drinks in order to get drunk.
Thurs. night Eagles game while in Philly, it's good to be in your home town area for a game.  Since the hotel was right down the street, this was a great spot to grab some prime Eagles viewing and typical football food of wings and beer.  If there is a town that knows junk food, Phila-del-phi-a is tops on the list.  

There's an upstairs and a downstairs as you enter the place.  The wife and I luckily grabbed a spot upstairs at a table.  The menu is pretty extensive on the pub fare/fried food type of offerings, so you won't go hungry by any means.  Get something covered in their Cavanaugh's Sauce.  You truly understand why it won best bar sauce. 

The special of 35 cent wings was awesome.  The Cavanaugh's sauce was killer!  Spicy, salty, sweet and yummy all glazed onto a wing.  And at 35 cents a piece on Thursdays, get as many as you can eat then get a few more.  A side of hot sauce goes a long way as well if you want to up the Buffalo ante on your wings.  The cheese steak spring rolls were also pretty good.  The heart attack factor rose by 95% from this meal.  Washing it all down with some local beer was pretty much as satisfying as the Eagles beating the Texans that night.  

There was a bit of confusion about the game night menu specials and the Thurs. night specials, but the waitress was totally cool about it and still hooked it up.   Pay it forward and the tip goes up!   

Well, looking forward to more return trips when back in Philly and going out to watch sports or just in the mood for wings.
This place is a solid sports bar; great place for happy hours, games, and apps.  Try the macaroni n' cheese..awesome. Three different types of cheese and crunchy bread crumb top. Wings are a must. Downside: not very good for big groups; pretty narrow space so you end up having to break apart or cluster around the bar.  Good drink specials every night of the week!
Came here multiple times during happy hour: I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT! This place is great because it's so easy to find seating (which is self-serving), and service is very quick. It's not too noisy, so you can easily hold conversations, and the overall atmosphere is very chill and casual. My go-to items on the half-off pub menu (which I recommend) are: the Baked Mac & Cheese, which is a decent size for the price, but I would suggest ordering another small item along with it to truly feel full; the nachos, which come in a HUGE portion and can definitely be shared between 2-3 people; the buffalo chicken dip, which tastes great and flavorful, and is one of the best items on the pub menu; and the chicken quesadillas (you are given 4 with sour cream) are much bigger than expected. During happy hour, I can get about 2-3 drinks and 1-2 food items, and the bill never goes over $20. During the special, most marked items range from $4-$6 each. So if you're looking for somewhere that serves delicious, cheap food and drinks, come here, especially during happy hour. It's great for solo diners, small parties (2-4 people), and large groups (4+).
I was very disappointed with this venue for Erin express. I flew in from Boston to come out for EE to be with my friends and the dj was completely disrespectful towards me. He referred to me as the "c word" and when I asked to speak to his manager, he lead me to some bouncer who told me to back off from the dj. My question had been "what are playing after this?". Pretty simple right? Well, I was received extremely disrespectfully and I certainly won't recommend this place to anyone. Even on a night where it was packed. Worst time everrrrrr.
Let's take a test:

Charlie Sheen is to porn stars as Noah G. is to: _ _ _ _ _ ?

WINGS WINGS WINGS, The answer is wings. I know their not good for me, they may be destroying my family, and when I have them in public I'm certain to bring shame upon myself but I can't stop. 

With that being said, when boo text me Thursday and said lets do something different for dinner I immediately hopped on the Google machine to find a place that had a wing special with the Flyers game showing. And wouldn't you know it, Cav's Rittenhouse just happened to fit that criteria.

Then I flashed back to a hazy NFL afternoon spent there where the bartender told me the wings are fried, sauced, baked, and sauced again. Was my mind playing tricks on me? At 35 cents a piece I think I could afford to find out.

We arrived around 8 and there was a good crowd but certainly not packed and we sat at a hightop. I ordered 30 and boo ordered 8 and a bowl of French Onion soup. My wings came out first and they were all I had dreamed of and more. Crispy from the baking but still saucy with a little kick (I got the hot, there was an option hotter though). Plenty of carrots and celery with blue cheese (not to be taken for granted). 

I had just about finished my wings when the waitress realized Em didn't get her food, she apologized profusely and comped us a couple beers which was cool. I took the opportunity to order another 20 wings. 

By the time my second order came the soup and 8 wings were there. From the small sample I was allowed to have the soup was fantastic (it's pretty tough to mess up FOS though). We ran into my buddy and he helped me polish off the rest of my wings. Flyers won 7-2, it was all in all a great night.

Today is Wednesday, the dragon is starting to rear it's ugly head and my primal need for wings is increasing. Thank God for Cav's.
I always have a good time at Cavanaugh's. 

I'm usually here with friends during the week to watch the Phils, or maybe just for the .35 wing special on Thursdays. I'm rarely here on the weekend, which may be why I'm always able to get a table or sit at the bar. 

The drink specials are OK, but nothing really out of the ordinary. Good beer selection. 

Cav's does serve up some of my favorite wings. The Cavanaugh's Sauce isn't spicy, but is really tasty (they have a Cav's Burger with the sauce on it too). Normally we get one order of wings with Cav's Sauce & another order with a hot sauce. I don't have too much experience with the rest of their menu because we're usually here on Thursdays & the wing special is hard to pass up. But the other items I have tried have been good so far. 

Lots of TVs, so don't worry about not being able to see the game. 

The weekends may be a different scene (they always are) but for a casual place around Rittenhouse to watch a game or just hang out during the week, Cav's is one of my picks.
Cavanaughs was one of the stops along the way on the margarita march, and it was the one we thought might be best to grab some food. We weren't disappointed. The margarita was missable, but we ordered a sampler platter and a cheese steak to refuel. This was way too much food for the two of us. The portion sizes were large, despite the reasonable prices. 

The sampler platter came with tater tots, pretzel bites, chicken tenders, wings, & mozzarella sticks. It was a great variety and everything tasted pretty good. It came with a variety of dipping sauces as well. The cheesesteak was pretty tasty as well. We got American cheese and fried onions on it. They weren't stingy on the steak, and it came with a large pile of really salty but yummy fries. 

The waitress/bartender was super friendly and attentive. I wouldn't hesitate to come back here. It seems like a great spot for some grub on a night out.
I went here for a playoff game between the Jets & Colts, so I can only imagine how much crazier this place would be if it were during any Philly game.  It's pretty big, having an upstairs and downstairs with 2 bars and lots of tables, but it fills up very, very quickly. And it fills up with obnoxious people, by the way...  people who seem to make it a point to stand directly in the way of everything and flail their arms about while talking, spilling their neighbors beers.  

Also.. there was only one waitress. And a ton of people. It took forever to get our food, which was eventually brought out from the kitchen by one of the busboys, and even though I had cleared my plate clean long before my 2 friends had, the waitress took their empty dishes/glasses and didn't take mine. What? Why? There's nothing left on the plate... no.. I'm not still working on that little crumb there. Yes, I would actually like a refill on my beer sooner than 20 minutes after I finish and... right..  my friend gave in and ate with his hands after many unsuccessful attempts at getting a fork.

Oh yeah, and I'm pretty sure my hearing was damaged just by being in there.  We were upstairs, and there were 5 TVs in the dining area (not including the ones at the bar) with volumes turned up as high as possible. 

It's an OK place to watch a game, I guess? I mean... rest assured that you'll never have to move your head in any direction to see a TV. There's always one in your line of sight...  but they're all on the same channel for the same game.. so...   not really sure that it's that great of a sports bar. 

I had the mac & cheese, which was pretty great. One friend had the mozzarella sticks (except they are not sticks... more like triangles and i forget what they're called) which were sort of bland...  and another friend got the wings with "cavanaugh style" sauce...   which sounded exciting but really just ended up being similar to a sweeter BBQ, i think.

Go for the cheap beer.
Wow is there a ton of philly sports pride up in this place.  I thought that would make it a bit difficult for me to enjoy the game being that I'm a Yankees fan, but I was welcomed anyway.

Simple setup.  You walk in to a split level bar.  The upstairs and downstairs are set up similarly with a large bar and tables along the side and then a few more after the bar.  TVs everywhere so you'll never miss any of the action.

I watched game 2 of the NLDS here and wow did it get crazy.  Granted, it was a ridiculous game to watch but I felt like the level of excitement here was equal or greater than when I've been to Citizen's Bank Park.  The place was painted with phillies jerseys.

Good beer selection for a sports bar.  Sure they are gonna offer specials on your american water-beers but I was able to drink a Sixpoint and a pumpkin ale.  I can't recall which one.

Anyhoo, good lively place to catch a game.  If you're a phillies fan, you'll like it even more.  Be prepared for a little bit of a fratty atmosphere.  Other than that, not a bad spot.
We went on Saturday for the fight. Pub food was half off, -apparently like all Saturdays..and contrary to another review, our waitress was great.  She let us know of all the specials and deals, and made sure we were taken care of.  I got ice water, and lots of it, no problem. My friend is a bit of a beer rookie and she let him try a few kinds before he made his choices. She also gave me a free beer after I spilled my entire glass on my friend like the klutzy ass I am. This probably won't be a regular place for me, because it's not really my type of place, but the food was good and I couldn't believe how nice and cute our waitress was!- if you try the wings get the Cavanaugh's sauce (a spot on reccommendation from our waitress)
My son visiting from college wanted to go to local pub and watch the Eagles he found Cavanaughs online it was close by and online menu and drink specials looked good so we went. It surpassed my expectations the bar staff was awesome, the food was great, came out quick (even when busy football crowds),  even though the Eagles lost we had a great time and are looking forward to going back.
Probably the best place I've found in Philadelphia to watch college football on Saturdays. Awesome draft deals ($3 BLs) and a fantastic environment, I love this place in the fall.

The Cavs burger is hearty and delicious, the french fries are thin, but still yummy and... Oh my goodness, the wings are so perfect. Sure, Bud Light and wings - hard to mess up. But I stand my ground in saying you can't get better traditional buffalo wings at a bar in Center City. So if you don't get a draft and an order of wings while watching a game, you're not doing it right. 

Sidenote: The food at Cav's Rittenhouse is better than the food at the other Cav's locations. However, the Bud Light tastes the same.
I go to Cav's once a month for their Brew & Chew event. Basically, you pay $25 to sample 4 different craft beers from a featured brewer and 4 appetizer pairings. There's plenty of info on Drink Philly if you're interested in checking it out.

The service is always great, and the event itself is a great deal and an opportunity to try a lot of great beers. They've featured brewers like Troeg's, Yards, Victory and many more. Also, the appetizers they serve are usually pretty delicious, and there's typically a dessert at the end- last night it was vanilla panna cotta with fresh blueberries and graham cracker crumble- YUM!

This time, we stayed a little later after the event ended to watch the rest of the Phillies game. Immediately following the B&C, their happy hour started. The beer specials were great and all of the apps were half price. We went with the pierogis and popcorn shrimp. The pierogis were tasty, but only order them if you've very hungry because they were on the heavy side. I preferred the popcorn shrimp because they were cooked right and they came with a delicious spicy aioli for dipping. It was a nice portion and for only $5, I would totally order this again.

All in all, this is a nice place to grab a beer and watch a game, but I wouldn't come here on the weekend. Their specials are some of the best I've seen in the Rittenhouse area. It's a pretty small space, and because of the location I'm guessing it gets a little more crowded than I'd like. But during the week, I'll definitely come back.
Pub food

This place was dead on a tuesday night. There were about 3 people at the bar but it was recommended by the hotel I was staying at so we sat down. I ordered the cavanaugh burger medium and it came out well done. It wasn't really that good and for 12 dollars it was really underwhelming. This was also the recommended sandwich on the menu. Look elsewhere.
On a early Saturday afternoon, scoring a primo seat a the bar, to watch your alma mater kick some major A in football, whilst consuming lagers for a reasonable 3 bucks a pint, snacking on some tasty taters and cheesy sliders, surrounded by your old college cronies - this was a perfect spot.  Sure, the lower level of the bar where they were showing the game was basically just a narrow hallway with a few tables crammed in next to the bar area, making a trip to the restroom feel like you were going to be gone for days after getting up from your seat at the bar - but luckily there was never any line when you actually got there.  And yes, it took a good 15-20 min to get the bartenders attention for each time you realized it was time for the next round, only hoping that they would meet your eye before the taller person behind me got to them first - but they took your order with a smile, and were prompt each time in delivering.  Fun times were had by all, and I hope to return for future alma mater sporting events!
Love the feel of this bar! You can catch a game, catch a great whiskey, and catch an even better beer! Perfect for any casual occasion!
Cavanaughs is not necessarily what you'd expect in Rittenhouse. It's hidden away a block over from the square and is a hotspot for an after work drink. It's unpretentious and has the best prices for the area. If you're looking for a drink and a quick bite without the stuffiness of rittenhouse, this is your spot. The bartenders and staff are what really make Cavanaughs a great place. They're genuine and notice when you come back. Try a $3 mystery beer - you won't be disappointed.
I had a horrible experience at this bar. A few friends and I decided to stop in on a Wednesday night, and when we arrived the crowd was pretty light. As we were standing near the bar, we noticed people playing Connect Four, and inquired with the bartender about how we could play. He explained that we could challenge him to a game for the chance to win a free drink, which I thought was a great concept. He then explained that we would need to wait for the current games to finish before we could compete. Fair enough. 
As we were waiting, I was chatting with my friend next to me, and pointed out some people across the bar who didn't seem to be playing anymore. Literally seconds later, the bartender RUSHES OVER to me and LEANS OVER THE BAR and begins to YELL AT ME about how he's AWARE the girls are finishing up, and will SPEAK TO THEM. That would have been bad enough, but after I don't say anything and stare back at him blankly, he continues his rant, explaining that they are FRIENDS OF HIS and that I don't need to WORRY ABOUT IT, and goes, AS I SAID TO YOUR FRIEND BEFORE, THERE'S A WAIT. He's yelling at this point, and I felt extremely uncomfortable. He was not only condescending, but aggressive and downright inappropriate. I was completely shocked and confused. In response, I calmly said "I was simply commenting to my friend about it," and he then CONTINUED to try to reprimand me and tell me that he KNOWS AND will HANDLE IT.  

Okay.....what?

I was really shocked and upset by how aggressive and rude the bartender was, considering how unprovoked everything was. I have never experienced such horrendous customer service, furthermore a stranger just being downright cruel to me like that for no reason. Needless to say, my friends and I immediately left. 

Moral of the story: beware of the insane Connect Four bartender, he is a total jerk.
Hello Cav's Rittenhouse... Nice to meet the third "Brother" of this bar chain. Note: All three Cavanaugh's bar/restaurants in the city are independently run and operated... although share the same ancestry.

I finally enjoyed my first night at this locale on Wednesday night for their Southern Tier "Brew and Chew". I've always been a fan of this upcoming micro-brewery, so for $20, I couldn't pass up four beers + four small apps.
The way this thing was set-up was baffling. You were supposed to RSVP on Facebook or via email, which stated that it was sold out. However, I walked in without them asking for my RSVP confirmation (which I didn't have!)... and others were turned away at the door once the place reached capacity.
Once you get into this B&C extravaganza, the beer starts flowing. If you like what you had, you can just walk up to the bar and grab another before the timely transition to the next brew. This made for a very friendly crowd on Wednesday - I'll just say that!

The rest of the drinks and appetizers on the menu looked scrumptious, and I liked the feeling of the pub. I can say that I'll most likely return again - whether for the upcoming B&C series nights, or to watch some games. Thanks, Cavs!
I was most impressed that they were showing the Georgia football game on two TV's one Saturday afternoon.  Very friendly and quick service.  Decent beer selection.  I didn't have any food; so I can't comment on that.  But I would definitely go back if I have the chance.
This place is absolutely terrible for a litany of reasons. The service is the worst I've ever seen in a decade of living in Philly. There's a bartender downstairs at that place that has the crybaby attitude of the backup leftfielder on the 10-yr old little league team. The drinks are watered down, even for center city!  Worst TV management during football that ive ever seen or heard of. Food is crappy, even for a gastropub, oh and did I mention that the workers there literally stole a leather jacket from one of the people I came with?!?!?

Not worth the whole story, but jacket was left, call made to the bar while in cab 20 mins later, was told 'we'll keep it here for you'. Then when friend went back next day, it was magically gone. After poorly-feigned "we don't know where it went"s and. "it was here this morning"s, friend left. 2 hours later, new waitstaff guy arrives to work in the stolen leather jacket. 

What crooks! And not just in terms of the high prices for poor drinks, food, and worst of all, service
I go to Cav's regularly, and it's great as a sports bar. Lots of complaints about the noise, it's a sports bar loved for its many tvs! I keep coming back week after week for Tuesday quizzo!

Things I love:
- There is always a good special here. Be it the 1/2 off burgers or 1/2 off pub menu... $3 draft, jameson specials... Philly specials!

- The food is decent. It's not a gourmet place so I expect filling fair priced bar food... and I love the burger, love the wings, love the 
TATOR TOTS!! 
FUNNEL CAKE FRIES!

- The Beers! They usually have a good selection on draft or in bottles

Things I don't love:
- Some of the patrons, but an establishment that caters to sports can't help that. Plus we live in Philly, have you met our fans???!
A decent place to grab a beer or two. I've been here many times with friends. We tend to go to the downstairs bar but both upstairs and downstairs are basically the same. They have a few good craft beers on tap that rotate, and they had a really good pumpkin bottle the other night (Wolaver's). They have different specials nightly either on food or drink, and beer prices aren't too bad full price.
We came here on a whim after I was hit by a severe craving for tater tots. We arrived around 7:15pm on a Friday and planted ourselves at the downstairs bar. I ordered the cheeseburger sliders on King's Hawaiian buns (my fav!) and Dining Partner had the buffalo chicken wrap with a side of tots. We spent most of our time staring at the bottles of liquor and the TV screens. The bartender wasn't particularly friendly, but she wasn't mean either. The meal and the experience was nothing special, but it filled us up, satisfied the tot craving, and we were able to leave and live our lives happily ever after.
bar was awesome - try the tator tots!
It's a typical bar - I wouldn't say there's anything amazing about it. Kind of decent beer selection - only saying that because they had the Rogue's Dead Guy Ale (yum!)  I went on a weekday so it probably gets a little more crazy on the weekends but it's nothing like Cav's in Univ. City or Riverdeck.
Nice local bar for some laid back fun! Loved the quizzo on Tuesdays at 8. The food was pretty average, except for the chicken lettuce wraps...those were AWESOME! Definitely recommend. Otherwise most of the appz will be the usual deep fried stuff. Also, the funnel cake fries were pretty good! Lots of TVs for multiple game watching as well.
OK this is not a place without its warts.  Yes it can be a bit bro-tastic on weekend evenings.  Yes it can get loud and crowded.  But I love this place because it offers good value if you know what to look for.

What I love:

NFL Sundays - if you have enough foresight to get there early, you have your pick of TV's.  And there are lots of them.

Wings - Cav's sauce is addictive.

Panko chicken sandwich - also addictive.

Bartenders - very attentive and they actually want to have a conversation with you rather than throw your food and drinks at you and move on to the next customer.

Avoid this place on Friday and Saturday nights.  Instead go in on a Sunday afternoon or Thursday evening.
20 minutes for acknowledgement, 10 minutes for a menu, 2 minutes to receive attitude from an awful waitress - no thanks cavanaughs, I don't need a beer and fries from your shit establishment. also, s my d.
Now, I don't live in Philly so what do I know about cheesesteaks, right?  But I have eaten my share around the town.  I'm not going to insult anyone here & get you locals in a tizzy by saying it's  the best in the city but I gotta say, it stands up!  It was really, really good.  The fact that it is good & it's in a bar only adds to the value.  

Worth a try & I'll be back.
Before I start my rant...this is my first 2 stars review, and it breaks my heart. But...someone's gotta be the bitch and take one for the team. 
I've been to Cavanaugh's twice. First time was delightful, jameson specials all night kept the crowd going. The place is a tooth, very deep and lots of little compartment. :) 
Second round..WASN'T so pleasant. We caught the late night happy hour. My boyfriend asked for Vodka and Red Bull, and I got the Jameson special again. It was quite a decent crowd for a Tuesday. We enjoyed 1/2 off the pub menu, got chicken wrap and chicken wings. Decent grub for a pub-juicy chicken wrapped in lettuce and chicken fingers coasted in kick ass Cavanaugh's sauce. (GET THIS SAUCE, SOOO GOOD) My bf and I actually wanted to get a round of beer after the cocktails; but without even asking what we wanted, the bartender brought another round of cocktails...From here, all goes downhill.
The bill came, 2 vodka and red bulls piled up to $20. The bartender used Absolut Vodka and double shots with out asking us about either. We don't have a problem with top shelf vodka or double shots, but we just felt a little cheated with the whole bill. (One assumption maybe this trick the pub's trying to play since they do $3 off cocktails for happy hour)
Anyway..we were too sober to have any confrontation and just went our way. I'll be weary to going back there, or even if i did, I'd DEFINITELY specify what I want....
I used a groupon deal for lunch here today and ordered the chicken strips.  I figured for $11.99, they had to be something special.  What I discovered was that those stupid enough to go here for lunch will subsidize the "half price deals" at happy hour.  For that price, you get 4 smallish chicken strips that are so thin that the coating on both sides together is thicker than the chicken itself.  And, no, they do not come with fries or anything else. Nor is the flavor anything special.   I should have known better than to eat in a dark dive that has very few tables, and none with regular height chairs.  This place is designed for standing room only happy hours.  Even the soda was flat.  They ought to be ashamed of the prices they charge.
A well run establishment located in Rittenhouse, Cavanaugh's is a sports bar with exceptional food and very friendly staff.  Whether you want to hang out on the weekend to watch your favorite sports team (they have all the packages) or are traveling on business and want to grab a pint and a bite, Cavanaugh's is a great place to spend your time.  A nice selection of International Draft Beers and an extensive bottled beer list compliment the 10+ flat screen, HD TV's and two bars (up and down), so you can find watch your favorite team with your favorite libation.  

I highly recommend the Panko Crusted Chicken Sandwich (one of the best sandwiches I have ever had) and a shot of Espresso Vodka!

Formerly known as Barristers Bar & Grille, this establishment is under the same management and ownership as Cavanaugh's River Deck and is a complete upgrade over the previous owners.
This review is solely based on a Sunday football experience.  They have Sunday ticket so they always have all the games and they are big enough that it doesn't get too crowded. We usually always find a seat and enjoy the games a lot there.  Food is also good for bar food, as well as drinks.
Awesome wings!!! (They charge u $1 for addition of celery, which surprised me when they charged me). Popular place, jam-packed.
I came here after arriving for business and several of my comrades wanted to go to a sports bar to check out the local flavor.

Not being a sports bar fan, I hobbled along anyway to see the nightlife.

This place is long and narrow inside with two floors, each with its own bar.

I don't normally like sports bars and this one was especially loud and rambunctious due to the Eagles playing that night. It was so loud inside,  I could barely carry on a conversation with the person sitting next to me.

Wanting to eat the local fare, I ordered a traditional Phili cheese steak with cheese sauce. This turned out to be an excellent sandwich with light crunchy bread and meat that was not soggy or greasy. 

My side was a baked french onion soup that was one of the better examples of the dish I have had of late. 

Add to this a nice selection of local brews and a bar that looked stocked enough to make anything I could want and I just find myself here when I am back in town.

I just hope it's not during Monday Night Football.
Rude manager. Gross fish. I guess I shouldn't be surprised since it is indeed a sports bar. Probably should have stuck to wings. 

The atmosphere is great for a sports bar. The bar food is nothing special but fine. For apps we ordered the pretzels & pigs (yum) and the buffalo chicken dip. The dip didn't have enough flavor but we ordered a side of buffalo sauce and mixed it in which solved the problem. 

The menu is a bit eccentric with an edamame appetizer and an Asian chicken salad. I made the mistake of ordering the fish tacos. I could smell an extremely strong fish smell before they were even in front of me. I decided to try a bite and the fish tasted as though it had gone bad.  By chance the manager walked by our table and I asked him if I could send the tacos back, I told him they smelled bad. He began huffing and puffing and said "You know you ordered fish, right? It's gonna smell like fish"  Now, I've worked in many restaurants and in all of them if a customer complains we try to make them happy. I know this is not fine dining but good fish should never smell overtly fishy. This guy tried to belittle me instead of being a good business man. With all the awesome places in Philly I probably won't be back.
For a sports bar, the food is pretty darn good. The Cav's burger was cooked as ordered, and a good combination of flavors. Chicken and waffles were decent, but nothing memorable. Service was good.
That hot bartender Paul really makes u feel at home. He will drink with you and is an absolute dream. I hope he likes me as much as I like him. If your in Philly and don't walk into this dimly lit bar for a good old fashion bender you made a mistake . Can't wait to be there tonight!
We went to Cavanaugh's to watch the US v. Ghana World Cup game. While overall things were OK, I was really surprised at how quickly the bartender and manager got defensive and rude. What was even more odd about it was that they got all agitated in response to a simple question, one that more professional staff would take in stride, about whether or not we could watch more sports commentary in the middle of a game.  

So let's get this straight. You advertise as a sports bar, even to go so far as to have an ad in the Philly Weekly to advertise that you are serious about showing World Cup games. Then, when clients ask if they can listen to the half-time commentary of a World Cup game (instead of "Eye of the Tiger", mind you, a song I'm pretty sure no one ever listens to voluntarily), you immediately turn rude and aggressive? Kinda sounds like false advertising to me. I was a bartender for a long time and the better way to respond to client requests, especially when they are completely reasonable, is to be polite. 

On the other hand, our waitress was awesome, the food was relatively good, and I was happy with the beer list.  Because they have so many TVs, you are guaranteed  a good line of vision from wherever you are sitting.
Sometimes no-frills, no-thrills is a good thing.  Not all sports bar need to have (30) 52" TVs to make a statement.  So if you are just looking for something low-key, with great customer service, this is a good spot if you are in the central business district.  

Drinks were good and beer was cold and flowing.  Our waitress Samantha was great.  Not to mention it was reasonably priced.   It's my spot next football season when I'm in Philly.
Fun place to watch football games, particularly if you like UGA. Plenty of tvs. 1/2 off pub foods from 7-10  sometimes. Say hello to the friendly bartender, Sam M!
Alright, this place is moving up on the ranks for after hour drinks.  Thursdays have one of the best happy hours in Center City ($1 beers and much better pub food from last year).  I can see this becoming a crowded disaster at night but definitely give it a good try after work.
Bartender was super rude. My fianc said he was "looking for a city wide in a shity city". The bartender literally poped off on him. Meanwhile  my fianc talked me into moving here. He loves this city but the bartender talked for a solid 10 minutes threatening to kick him out. He was not even drunk. If you want to have a good time I would not suggest going here.
I love this place. The servers are always on top of it and really friendly. And they have great food and good prices!
Always the best place to watch the birds. Great atmosphere, amazing wings, and yuengs on tap!
Great option if you want a less crowded happy hour/game watching experience, but skip the food.
The atmosphere was comfortable and our server was wonderful. Although the food was alright, we were happy to be there for the drinks. However, things were going smoothly until we asked our bartender/manager to make an tiny fix to one of our drinks and he was offended. He went the extra miles to tell us we're wrong about it and listed the ingredients for us (we already knew, that's why we asked for a fix). He even brought the liquor out and pour it at our table to make a statement after charging us extra. We didn't care about the money and just wanted a good time, but that encounter turned us off to leaving ASAP. We hope this is a rare interaction for other guests..
This is a very unassuming bar, reminds me of the bars back home in Michigan.. kind of a hole in the wall, but with all the best people you are looking for when watching a football game with friends. My gf and i stumbled in after eating some cheesesteaks at Cleaver's and sat at the bar. Our bartender was funny, helpful, and an all around good bartender, his name was Paul. Both bartenders always made sure your drink was full and it was a nice, fun, casual place to watch the Eagles game. I had some wings while I was there.. Paul had me try their signature Cavs sauce which was pretty darn good, but I could have definitely went for a meatier wing, but either way they were very good. My gf has the mini corndogs, great breading, but the hot dog itself was quite lackluster. Great bar though and you will have a good time if you decide to watch a game there.
I wanted something within walking distance, so I went on Yelp and tiktok to see what was around. I am so happy I found this space and will definitely be back with more friends!

Joey I think his name was, was the server and bartender! He was animated and full of good energy. He was quick and handled everything by himself like a champ!

The food was soooooooo good! The Buffalo chicken dip was the best I've tasted! I would definitely recommend visiting'
I have been to many of the cavanuagh's locations, and for all sorts of reasons (i.e. drinks, food, bar crawls, birthdays.) But most recently I went to their Rittenhouse location with a friend for lunch. I always forget about this location, but I am happy we went. It is super close to work and we had a great lunch!

We went on a Wednesday, every day they have deals for half off specific items on their menu. On Wednesday's they have 1/2 off chicken sandwiches, which they do not have many on the menu, but regardless it's a nice deal. 

Me and my friend both got their buffalo chicken wraps (comes with a side). I got tater tots and my friend got fries. With half off the total for each mail was $5.50. That is an absolute deal for a center city restaurant lunch. Especially sitting down and being served. The wrap itself was great, better than other places and the tots I had were great too. 

Overall, Kudos Cavanaughs! I know I always have a great time when I come here for drinks but you now are on my lunch list as well!
Oh, what is there to say about Cav's Rittenhouse - the fatter, older brother of the Cavanaugh's in Philly.  

The good:  The Center City location is great.  Good for afterwork drinks, after dinner drinks or watching-the-game drinks.  

The food is excellent and good for the price-point - in particular, I believe they have the best traditional wings in the City.  The tots are great, good burgers, etc.  

The seating is comfortable and the bar seems generally busy if rarely packed.  

The bad:  The servers are nice, but sometimes a little slow.  The bar is pretty out of date, with over-lacquered tables and bars, etc, but it adds to the typical dive feel.  

The beer prices and selection are mediocre - some specials are good, but usually we're talking 3-4 dollars for a miller lite or similar (which is fine and normal) but rarely can you get a good drink in cheap.  The better options (Yards) are also sometimes on special and can be cheaper than other places so YMMV

The TV selection is good but can get a little mixed up on Weekends if you have a football preference.  In particular, for football, if you want to watch a non-local team (not really my problem, but is for others), it can be hard to find a table and have them put the game on for you so you can see it.  Again, YMMV.

Overall, I come back regularly and enjoy it.  It's a go-to.
Nasty, low-quality bar food that is too expensive for what it is. Everything's covered in chiptole mayo and grease and looked like it came out of a can. I ordered a calamari salad here because it sounded somewhat intriguing. The calamari was over-battered and the breading tasted like flour gristle. It was served over a bed of ice berg lettuce with the same chiptole "dressing" as the chiptole "dip" that came out with the fried pickles that some one at my table had ordered. The fried pickles were made with the cheapest and thinnest pickle slices possible so they were really salty and sour. Don't expect juicy fancy dill pickle spears. I also tried the funnel cake fries. They were way too thin, so you got mostly funnel cake gristle (none of the soft, doughy center) and it was served with chocolate syrup and strawberry syrup, the cheap ice cream toppings you can get for like $1 at the grocery store.

The only thing that was decent here was their mac and cheese, but seriously, you would have to try really hard to mess up mac and cheese.

I'm not a big fan of bar food, but this place served the worst bar food I've ever had.
For a going out spot, this place is so meh. 

Alexis C. and I came for Erin Express this last weekend and it was such a buzzkill. 

The music was just terrible. Like throwback..but nothing 90s and fun. Throwback before I was born. Service for the most part was fast considering the crowd. They definitely could have used another server. 

As Alexis said though, the DJ was just straight up clueless and rude. I requested more top 40 stuff and he said he was saving that for after 9pm. Uh.... its erin express dude. This is the main event. Every one here is gonna pass out at like 6pm max. 

It's decently spacious with two floors. Just don't expect an amazing night or anything. I've seen it straight up empty on Saturdy nights and stuff
If you're looking for a place to bangarang, you might want to try another bar. This is a sports bar and it does what it is really well. Great friendly crowd filled with very nice bartenders.

The food here is fantastic and a really great value. Excellent wings and the chicken cheese steak is highly recommended.

Bartenders are super cool. Last I was there, there was a very belligerent patron and was able to talk him down and got him to leave. Super cool.
We were in the mood for wings so we ordered in from Cavanaugh's. We ordered through Postmates because they had a $3 off $15 deal.  Their wings come in 2 sizes - small (7 wings) for $11.99 and large (14 wings) for $16.99. I got the small and my husband got the large and we also split an order of fries. We both got their "hot" sauce on the wings. 

The wings were really good! They kind of remind me of rotisserie chicken because they are really moist and tender. The buffalo sauce is ok. It tastes kind of like Parmesan a bit though, which I'm not really on board for. But anyway, they were still tasty! They were also pretty big! I also appreciated that they gave us about a  50/50 ratio of drumsticks to flappers!  The fries were also good! They could have used more salt though.

Overall, I really liked our meal! This location seems to be better than the headhouse one. I recommend ordering from this Cavanaugh's or visiting once things reopen!
Cavanaugh's Rittenhouse or "The Cav" is a hip, local bar that looks and feels like it shouldn't be found in center city. A neighborhood bar that shouldn't be labeled as a "dive" or "sports" bar. 

I recently visited on a Monday, where they host a third party that leads a trivia game, that is great and fun for a date night. 

Cocktails and appetizers highly recommended, the entrees are a little heavier meals (comfort food). For the finger foods I definitely recommend the coconut shrimp that is served with their special cavanaugh sauce that compliments the shrimp amazingly - however, the seasoning is good enough on the shrimp to enjoy without the sauce.
I played Quizzo every Tuesday here for a year and had such a great time. The Quizzo is very well run / efficient and half-price burger night cannot be beat. Drink specials also make it a great deal. Jesse -- who tends the downstairs on Tuesday -- is super great and doe an amazing job especially considering how crowded it can get.

Cavs Burger is amazing, fries are good, portion sizes are huge. Cavs is a great place to get together to watch or play a game.
This Sports Bar Food is "Just Ok".
I'm a big fan of value, and I wasn't impressed here. The food isn't bad, but it's not good either. I found their prices to be higher than they should have been for their offering. While the burger meat was fine, the bun looked like a McDonald's McChicken, small slice of tomato, and very thin slice of cheese. The French fries were a bit cold and look just like McDonald's fries. The salad was OK, but you get deli meat, 1-2 slices. No sufficient, filling protein. Total for the two meals was $33. I just don't see the value and would not go out of my way to get takeout from them again.
