Hmmm. The majority of reviews here are either solicited/paid for or else made by people who have never had authentic Thai food in their lives. Shout out to Ted U., the one Thai person who did a constructively critical review. I am a former chef and studied Thai cooking for a year, both here in the states and in Thailand.

Thai food is known for The Five Tastes:
Sweet - cane or coconut palm sugar, sweet pineapple
Sour - lemon, lime, tamarind, paw paw/papaya, raw mango, sour pineapple or other sour fruits 
Salty - sea salt, soy sauce, fish sauce or sardine and other fish pastes 
Bitter - bitter melon or raw leaves from various plants and trees (either wild or cultivated) 
Hot - different chili peppers, fresh and dried, and peppercorns, fresh, pickled or dried, and ground peppers

The only taste I got here was BLAND. Granted, the food here was fresh, especially the seafood, but I can go to most 'all you can eat' salad bars and get fresh food for a lot less money. 

I came with a group of 8 other friends and the whole evening, starting with drinks, was a debacle. We began the night at the bar and the bartender seemed unaware there was happy hour. One of us asked about it and he was desperately trying to figure it out. Most of our group passed on drinks and the people who did imbibe then sat and sat and sat, waiting for their bill so we could move on to dinner. Rather than give us our tabs, the bartender went around asking us if our drinks were 'okay.' If you know your craft and job, there is never any reason to ask that question. The bar was not busy so I have no idea what made everything move so glacially.

This is an attractively decorated space. It tips a hat to Asian roots with art and decor but it is not tacky. That's all well and good but no one is eating the decor. 

We got seated and were given menus. There's a separate vegan menu but none of us ordered from it so I cannot comment. We had 3 different servers taking our orders and I think one hand (or mouth) did not know what the other was doing and there seemed to be little or poor communication between servers and kitchen. A few of us ordered Thai iced tea. It was weak and not very sweet. The table got bottles of self serve water that were not cold. The friend next to me asked for a glass of ice and everyone else was all over her for some. 

Appetizers came. I'd ordered larb kai. The serving was large and attractive but tasted only like minced chicken. Period. No heat, no spice, no zing. I passed it around the table and no one was impressed. My other mate ordered the Autumn Rolls. They came out sans the dipping sauce. We all sat and waited while the servers did a frantic dance to get the small plate of dipping sauce to us. When it finally came, the rolls were tepid and the sauce was, in essence, thinned out peanut butter. NOT peanut sauce at all. The rolls had come out crisp and not greasy but the filling tasted vaguely vegetal. Bland. We could have been eating fried cardboard. 

One of our group did not get his appetizer. Everyone else had finished but Albert sat with an empty plate. We asked several times where his food was and finally one of the servers reviewed his order tablet and admitted he forgot to write Albert's order down. Did I add that we went on a non-busy week night at dinner hour (6 p.m.)?

The entrees began arriving but Albert's appetizer was still MIA. I'd ordered Kratiem Prik Thai. The scallops were large and nicely cooked as was the shrimp. There was no spicing at all in the dish that I could discern. The seafood was placed atop some overcooked, sad looking, watery Napa cabbage. My side of jasmine rice was lukewarm and overcooked. I ate the protein and left everything else. $28 wasted. 

Albert still had not gotten his appetizer OR his main course. We asked one of the servers again where the food was and he became startled and said he "thought" it was being cooked. A few minutes later, he raced out with a plate but it was not what Albert had ordered. We asked about Albert's main course, Kang Longe Pla. The server had not written that down, either. Albert asked that it be cancelled. He was not comped for the late, bungled appetizer and in spite of cancelling the Kang Longe Pla, it eventually was served as the rest of us were reading (and not ordering from) the dessert menu. There was no apology offered for any of this nor were the very late and cancelled items taken off the bill. 

My other friend, sitting next to me, had ordered Kang Kewan, green beef curry. When she got it, she asked me if the dish was always 'like water.' I said no and told her to send it back. She didn't want to fuss so she ate it and said it tasted like canned chicken broth.  

When our bill came, I asked for a vote from the 8 friends who'd dined with me. Number 5 would be the highest score and number 1 would be the lowest. All nine of us voted number 1. Being 'new' is no excuse for bland "authentic" Thai food and forgetful service. 

We won't be back. Ever.
We had the best experience here.  The food is phenomenal, great ambiance and excellent service. I really appreciate the fact that they have a Vegan/Vegetarian menu that is not a knock-off of the regular menu, but instead unique, well prepared, and delicious alternatives.  Even my meat eating husband decided to order off the Vegan menu, because it was so interesting with enticing entrees. 

We ordered Tom Yum soup, Chatayee Kang Kewan (Vegan Green curry), Kang Rawang Hed (Vegan Mushroom based entree), and Pad Kee Mao Kai (Rice Noodles with Chicken). There were 4 of us that shared the food and we all raved how tasty everything was. 

Seriously, this place was so good and I'm always looking for a good Thai place to frequent and I think I've found it. So, if you love Thai food and perhaps catching a show at the Kimmel, I would highly recommend Chatayee Thai.
Disappointed. 

This place has been getting good reviews and I've dined in (pre COVID) once before and walked away with great service. 

Tonight was different. My girlfriend ordered take out for us through Caviar and we specifically ordered off their vegan menu. The ordering process was smooth and the turn around time was about an hour - no problem.

We received our food (contact free) within the specified time limit and were excited to chow down. We started to plate our food and noticed that our Tom klong soup had shrimp in it!! We're both vegetarians and this was simply unacceptable. We lost our appetite and also our trust in the establishment. 

Calling them to report this did result in them promising to refund us the cost of the order but our dinner was ruined and we were left hungry. 

It's a shame as we did want to continue to support local businesses during the pandemic. I would advise to proceed with caution when ordering for vegan items. 

Attaching pictures of our receipt of all vegan items ordered and the shrimp containing soup that was delivered to us.
This place is a no go for me. I am half thai and with this I can be more picky than others when it comes to thai food. 
I thought it was nice that they had a vegan option menu with a nice selection for vegans, but I'm not sure though how thai that is rather than a people pleaser, fish sauce substitute. . . Not so sure.
Anyhoo I was looking for my lad nar moo which is the usual I get or the Khoa pad ghai. Oddly they only had lad nar seafood which didn't really make sense to me. And the fried rice didn't say thai fried rice so I wasn't sure if it would have the lime and the tomato and the greatness of thai fried rice.
I went safe with the som tham. The portion was quite small. It had regular lettuce which I never have seen before. My friends got the pad thai and the drunken noodles. I wondered why there was no pad see eww. Another friend got pad krapow, when did American broccoli appear in pad krapow or the drunken noodles. I always thought it should be Pak kanah. 
Overall a standard three for taste. The thai taste was missing. The pad see eww was missing, I wasn't sure about the Khoa pad, if it would be thai style. They had an interesting menu.
We were visiting Philly and went here for Valentine's Day dinner after reading about them on Eater. We ordered from their 4-course prix fixe menu for the night (maybe our mistake?) and the food was meh, at best. I won't pretend to be a connoisseur, but I've had my fair share of Thai food and this was not good. If it was just mediocre food, I would have given them a 2-3 star rating. However, the service was also TERRIBLE. 

1. We arrived for our 7:30 reservations and were only seated around 7:40 despite many tables being available. 
2. We ordered 2 glasses of wine and put in our food order by 7:55 
3. Our wine came right way, but the first course--soup--didn't arrive until almost 8:40. And to make matters worse, mine was luke warm temperature and my wife's (who had specifically asked for no onions) was filled with onions. We understood that soup is sometimes mass produced but when we asked our waitress, she said she had forgotten to tell the kitchen - even though we saw her write it down. 
4. A different waiter brought us 2 more glasses of wine which we hadn't ordered as a way of apologizing for the wait. Or so we thought. Both those glasses were added to our bill. 
5. We had to repeatedly ask for and then wait for refills of our water or missing utensils. 
5. The night progressed with the staff occasionally apologizing for the delays but all in all not worth the time or the money.
The vegetarian options at Chatayee were plentiful. We thoroughly enjoyed the massaman curry with roti and the thung tong... something different than what I've experienced at Thai restaurants (veg options wise) yet highly flavorful and delicious! The pad kee mao was also phenomenal. Spice levels were on-point... actually spicy yaaaas! The only thing I'd suggest for a bit of improvement was more options for dessert. Staffing was also very short the day we went so service was quite slow but the quality of the food made up for it!
I had high hopes for this place with all the initial glowing reviews, but I agree with Warren W and Ted U that something fishy is going on here. This place is average at best and didn't meet my expectations. I have been to Thailand and while I'm no expert, I know good Thai when I see it (and smell it and taste it). 

The space is very nice, well decorated, and quite large. Service was fine all night and they did check in quite a few times to see how we were doing. Our server however did not seem very knowledgable about Thai food in general. 

We started with spring rolls, chicken livers, and a bowl of Tom Kha, which is my absolute favorite. Spring rolls were just so-so, nothing special. The soup was pretty good, but just did not have the depth of flavor I normally except. It mostly just tasted of coconut milk. I did like the mushrooms in the soup and there were a fair amount. The chicken livers were not great.. maybe I'm just not a fan of chicken livers but they were pretty bland when chewing and then had an unappetizing after taste. 

For main entrees, we got the pad thai with shrimp, the pad kee mao (drunken noodles), and massaman curry. The pad thai was soo bland, it had no flavor and barely any salt. I ended up using a lot of the spices they give you on the side of the table to flavor it. I shouldn't need to do that with well made pad thai. Also, I judge a Thai restaurant on pad thai, so they lost me on that one. The pad kee mao had the most flavor and was pretty good. The curry had a huge piece of lamb and barely any broth. It felt more like a meat and potatoes dish with some sauce than actual curry. The broth was tasty but there just wasn't enough. In general, everything needed more flavor and spice. 

Pricing was fair and we left full, but just underwhelmed overall. I don't think they stand much of a chance with Xiandu down the street (which I also don't love). My search for authentic Thai in Philly sadly continues..
When you read some Yelpers reviews, it makes you realize why it's important to write reviews for restaurants. This is nothing short of a five star dining experience. They have a full length separate vegan menu. I was so enamored with those offering that I nearly neglected the non-vegan menu. 

But...I am happy that I found my way to the auntie spring rolls, the mussels, the pork belly and the spicy basil fried rice. The food is presented beautifully, the dishes are thoughtfully plated. The service was kind and attentive. I think that they decorated and remodeled this space very thoughtfully, vibrant walls, Thai inspired art, and an expansive layout. 

I visited the restaurant on a Wednesday, so it wasn't completely full and I cannot speak to the noise levels of the restaurant.
I was excited to try this place due to their extensive vegetarian menu. The ambiance is really nice and they have set this restaurant up in a way that it would be perfect for large groups. I wasn't as impressed with the food. The egg rolls were nothing great, as with my noodle dish. I did love my friends fried rice dish! If I do come back, would definitely order that! I also did love that they had a full service bar - most Thai places seem to be BYOB.
Delicious, delicious Thai food that's unique and not like all the other Thai food around. The fact that they even have a vegan menu is AMAZING. I haven't been here in person since I got to-go, but even to-go, I was in love. The massaman and roti are to die for. The massaman curry is probably my favorite and love that it's a little thicker. The Larb Hed is a fresh, sharp mushroom salad that is just a beautiful blend of all flavors and a great starter. The Pad Kra Pao Hed, however, was my favorite, and I'm just dying to get this dish again!
TL;DR: GREAT food; they were very understaffed when we went (July 2021), so wait times were long, so be forgiving because they are really nice and food is good. 

My husband and I were walking around trying to figure out what we wanted to eat, as the last place we were at did not fulfill our appetites. We realized we hadn't had Thai food in a while, and decided to try this spot. 

There was a line of about 3 parties in front of us, but it was clear that they were very very understaffed. The servers were hosting, bussing, serving, and taking to-go calls all at once. Looked exhausting, but they were super nice and very apologetic about it. We waited for about 20 minutes to be seated, which is not that bad. We already knew what we wanted to order so we were able to get our order in pretty quickly.

FOOD:

~ Pad Thai 5/5: It was SO GOOD. It is rare to say this about Pad Thai since it is such a generic go-to "Thai" food dish for everyone. I got it with spice level 3 out of 4, but honestly could have been spicier. Idk if I would necessarily say it tasted like actual pad thai but who care when it tastes so good. 

~ Pad See Ew 5/5: My husband looooved it here! It might have been because it came with pork belly, but he said it is the best version he's had. 

Service was so nice and as attentive as they could be. Hopefully they can get more staff soon so they don't tire themselves out!
Some of the best thai food in Philly! I've only ordered delivery but it's always on point. 

MUST TRIES-

MASSAMAN & ROTI: the best creamy curried vegetables with warm crispy flatbread

THUNG TONG: crispy pouches of curried pumpkin & potato served with a coconut sauce 

TOD MUN PUK: eggplant fritters topped with a cucumber salad and sweet chili sauce 

TOHU TOD: classic fried tofu triangles with sweet chili sauce 

TOM KHA: an unbelievably good creamy coconut soup (you can modify the spice to your preference but it's amazing spicy!)

TOM YUM: a classic spicy thai soup executed amazingly 

MANGO STICKY RICE: you can never go wrong

I would avoid the noodle dishes. I've tried the Pad Kee Mao and the Pad See Ew which were disappointing. I usually love these dishes but there was no flavor at all. 

The Autumn Rolls were good but I don't think I'd get them again - so many better options to choose from. 

Definitely want to try the vegan salads next time!
The food very tasty and the service was very nice feeling like I am get spoilt by this restaurant  the owner very nice lady.
GREAT THAI PLACE IN MIDTOWN CITY CENTER!

First impression was how huge this place was! Not only do you have indoor and outdoor seating, but there was two story seating indoors, a bar and very spacious overall. The service was great and helpful! Very LGBTQ FRIENDLY (Happy Pride month!) with drag shows on Monday evenings! 

Went during happy hour and the food was excellent for the price! For about $5 bucks per plate, you can taste a variety of fun bites that surprisingly filled me up! The flavors are really heavenly and they are very vegetarian/ vegan friendly with a large selection of non-meat plates! 
Highly recommend going during happy hour (3:30-5:30) for their food and drinks!

Overall I haven't found that many Thai places in the city so I am very pleased with this one! I will definitely go back and try their full menu soon. But will surely go back for their happy hour since I live so close by!
came here for lunch and had a great meal!

it was a little bit empty but it's also a HUGE restaurant. as time went on, more patrons came in.

we started with the butternut squash soup, which didn't look like it sounded but it was yummy! it was a clear broth with vegetables and some chicken. i would have preferred some tom yum but it was still yummy

then we ordered the roti which isn't on the lunch menu but it's so delicious it's a must! they gave a decent quantity of roti with curry which i appreciated. perfect portion for 2 people

my friend and i split the shrimp pad see ew and the red curry. both were cooked very well and had great flavors. i wanted a little bit more for the price (especially the curry) but they are lunch portions so i would hope the dinner is bigger.

all in all, the service was great and the food was delicious! i'll def be back to try out their HH specials
Good Thai can be found in Philly! Asian Chic, spacious, nice bar, good service. Delicious panang curry and they allowed substitute for shrimp instead of beef. The star of the meal was the green papaya salad. Authentic, spicy, thinly julienned papaya... I'll be thinking about that tomorrow. Autumn spring rolls were good, could use more spices. Tofu satay delicious. Overall, great meal. Will definitely come back.
Always searching for a new Thai spot - I've dined here four times since their soft launch and I have found nothing to disappoint me. The ingredients are fresh, crisp and mouth-watering. While I prefer things mild, my partner loves the heat and we've both left happy and satisfied! 

From some amazing seafood dishes to braised short ribs, what I love most is the separate and detailed vegan menu they offer. Something for everyone! 

With both lunch and happy hour specials - Chatayee Thai is not only a welcome addition to the Gayborhood - but its offer of authentic Thai food is long overdue - if you like Thai, GO!!
We ate here for the first time last night and the food was fantastic! My husband and I tried out their happy hour menu and we got a wonderful sampling of 5 dishes -- they have a great selection catering to vegans, vegetarians, pescatarians and those who eat everything :) The food was flavorful, fresh and hot! The staff are very warm and friendly. The ambiance was upscale and romantic. We can't wait to come back for dinner!
REALLY enjoyed my meal here. I found this place online (through Yelp) and was definitely not disappointed. The staff is super accommodating and the restaurant is HUGE so odds are you'll never have to wait for a table.

I came here with a vegan friend and she was super pleased with the large vegan menu that came within the regular menu. We both ordered pad thai and both of us left very full and very pleased.

I cannot wait to come back and bring more people to show them the amazing place that is this restaurant.
Chatayee Thai is located in a very good, centralized area in center city Philly. It's a pretty decent restaurant! A couple of friends and I came here for dinner on a certain night. We sat outside since we felt safer since COVID was around, but also weather was nice. There was also a live musician playing, so that was pretty cool!

Food
Lots of traditional Thai food that you would think of in a Thai restaurant, but definitely with a "chef" feel to it. The taste and seasoning were great, and the portion was a good size! The presentation of the food was definitely on point. I definitely would say it is slightly more expensive than most Thai restaurants, but not too outrageous. They also have a lot of specialty dishes as well, which I have yet to try (much more expensive). I recommend the Pad Thai or Pad Kee Maow (Drunken Noodles) if you want a solid dish and to be safe, haha. They do serve alcoholic drinks as well.

Environment/Service
Very dark, moody type of restaurant. They had tables lined up along the wall outside, which is where we sat. The service was about average, and could be better in terms of knowing the dishes and providing recommendations. Great place to bring a date! 

Rating: 7/10
Pros: Super tasty food
Cons: A tad bit pricey
We had ordered takeout from Kalaya, but they didn't offer any desserts, so I looked around the area for other options. Fortunately, I came upon Chatayee and saw that they were offering mango with sticky rice, which was perfect to go with our dinner! I ordered that and the black rice pudding online and paid through their website, which was seamless. They emailed confirmation and then sent another email to let me know they were working on the order. The menu doesn't note gluten-free items, but I was able to specify while ordering. Adding indicators for what's gluten-free would be a great help.

Both of the desserts were tasty, and good sizes. My wife and I both enjoyed the mango with sticky rice, and I really liked the black rice pudding, which has taro and coconut milk. I appreciate the deep flavor of the pudding and that it's not too sweet.

I would definitely get either or both desserts again in the future, and I'd like to try their other dishes as well!
I have done so much research about the restaurants where we can have an upscale dining experience, which also serve vegans and others alike and Chatayee Thai came as my top pick. I am so glad I chose it right as I had many disappointing experiences in Philadelphia downtown, prior to trying this place. It seems like the downtown does not have much good options for Thai food.
I had made a reservation but it was a bit hard to understand if it really went through or not (but actually it did and they had me confirmed in their list). We got seated after waiting for a few minutes. The place gets really crowded but they have a lot of employees serving the customers.
I loved that they have a separate vegan menu. We got a server who was literally running on her toes in making sure that all the tables are serves right (she seemed to me like then owner of the place, anyways she is super nice and manages the places very well). It was extremely busy, yet all of the servers were very nice and friendly. The place is super clean and decorated beautifully. And it's quite big dining area considering it's a busy downtown.

Now coming to the main part - the food, we ordered were vegetable rolls (vegan) and massaman and roti (vegan). My husband ordered some chicken appetizer. The rolls tasted good, the massaman and roti blew my mind away, I mean, the flaky bread is heavenly, (thanks to most of the reviewers who mentioned the dish in their reviews here). We ordered a few Thai drinks, that tasted good as well.
Now coming to the main dish, we are hard core Thai Fried rice lovers. But this place seemed to have better pad Thai than fried rice as the rice is more of a sticky consistency which may not impress everyone (as evident from the photos here in yelp). We still ordered the fried rice and found it just ok - ish, the texture bothered us but it was flavorful. It may be the authentic way of preparing the Thai fried rice but it's just not the way we like. Nevertheless, it has been a wonderful experience and we will surely be back to try other dishes. We also strongly recommend this place to everyone.
My first visit was for restaurant week. I liked the feel of the space and the bar area was very nice. The staff was friendly and courteous but the service was a little slow for an evening that wasn't very crowded. 

I like that they have a vegan menu, however they didn't offer vegan options for each course on the restaurant week menu. I opted to order from the regular menu while my friend did restaurant week for this reason. It worked out to be relatively the same price. 

The autumn rolls were good and my Tom Kha tofu soup was delicious. The sticky rice for dessert was yummy too. Overall the food was fresh and decent portion sizes.
Valentine's Day dinner was quite the disaster.  We love Thai food and were looking forward to trying what looked like a promising new restaurant.   The restaurant, however, was admittedly short-staffed and ill-prepared and took about 1.3 hours to bring out just the soup, salad and an appetizer.  All of these items were completely inedible (and I don't say that lightly). The soup was cold and flavorless, appetizer was mushy and the papaya salad tasted like grass.  Also, the one lemongrass iced tea tasted like simple liquid honey.   We left all those dishes pretty-much untouched on the table.  We proceeded to cancel our entree orders and asked for the check (which took another nearly half hour prompting us to put on our coats and wait at the register to check out).   While we get that new restaurants can have bad days, what was most striking was the unapologetic behavior from the staff - not only did they charge us for every item we ordered (despite the fact that we could not eat more than a bite from each of the dishes) there was absolutely no remorse or even the very basic customer service etiquette.
A friend of mine came to visit me from out of town and wanted Thai food so I googled Thai food and this was the 5th place that came up. So I decide to go here for the first time, last night. The customer service was amazing- our server was awesome and he was willing to working with us in everything, the gentleman serving water kept it coming he saw we needed it with the level of spiciness we chose. The food was cooked to perfection and I personally am a vegetarian and appreciated the plethora of options from which I had to choose from. All the desserts were made from coconut milk (no dairy, no guilt,  no worries!) The ambience/decor looked so great; beautifully and culturally decorated, and spread out comfortably. Definitely coming back. I'm so hungry just thinking about the food now. Thank you!
Amazing food and amazing service. Highly recommend the massaman roti and the green curry - also get the coffee hazelnut martini... very strong and delicious.
Excellent Thai food last night!  The drinks were also great, the service was good, and the owner and manager both came over to see how our food was.  It's a huge space, also, so you don't feel at all claustrophobic like some other places. 

They have an awesome happy hour I can't wait to try!
Out door seating with heaters for winter! The pad Thai here was spectacular and the waitstaff was friendly, professional and made great recommendations! I highly recommend this place for go to Thai in Philadelphia. I've been trying out the Thai places in the city and this is the best quality and at good prices. 

The presentation of the dishes is special and cute with flower carrots to garnish. The flavors of the pad Thai were exactly right with the right balance of citrus and sweet. 

I'll be going back many many times!
I've ordered takeout from here more than any restaurant since COVID hit. With a lot of my pre-COVID favorites, the quality of the food or service has declined. I'm not going to be too hard on those places since things are rough right now, but it does make Chatayee stand out. I come here once every month or so and everything is always delicious. They always have seasonal specials to keep things interesting, like the Yam Som Oe, which is like a papaya salad with pomelo instead of papaya, and a huge variety of vegetarian options. The larb hed is solid, although the shiitake funk can overwhelm the other flavors a bit. I also appreciate that they have solid classics for the less adventurous, because my husband only eats pad thai. The massaman curry and roti is a perfect balance of spicy, creamy, and a bit sweet.

The prices are a little higher than your standard round the way Thai place, but you get what you pay for. In terms of bang for your buck, this place is way better than the pricier Kalaya. 

Another small thing I've appreciated is that all their takeout containers are paper or aluminum based. I know that worrying about the amount of plastic waste you generate from takeout orders is a very privileged problem to have, but it is one I think about. And I like that when I come here, I can throw my containers out with slightly less guilt.
Woowwww i ordered the Vegan pad Thai and that was the best vegan pad Thai I have ever had! No joke! It was sooooo good! U can never tell it's vegan and I absolutely love it! I also had the vegan Thai iced tea and it was so good!!! Tastes exactly the same with the non-vegan Thai iced tea... a bit sweet but that's expected... I also ordered the vegan roll and another vegan appetizer which I forgot the name but it was a spring roll in a cute pouch form... the presentation of our food was really nice... we waited for like an hour for the main entrees but it was so worth the wait... there's social distancing and everything was soooo clean.. I'm impressed I highly recommend this restaurant... it was 4 of us when we went and we were all happy with our meals
We went here for a last minute birthday gathering on a weeknight with a large group.  The service was absolutely amazing! Everyone was so nice and attentive.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and a great place for groups.  The food was also good.  The spice levels are true to the cuisine so order accordingly.  Some of the group got medium and it was quite spicy.  One of the dishes was quite dry but we asked for more sauce and they provided it to us pretty quickly.  

Also a note- they can give you a sticker for 20% off parking at a nearby garage.
Oooo honey, these people are rude!! Get it together!! I cannot, for the digital age life of me, understand why restaurants cannot update their status delivery/takeout on delivery/takeout apps. If you are NOT CURRENTLY OFFERING TAKE OUT, then update all of the apps servicing your restaurant so that customers don't try to ORDER FROM SAID APPS. It's simple, I promise. This restaurant not only DID NOT notify the apps they weren't offering take out at that time, but when I called, they were unbelievably RUDE that I would even suggest ordering takeout at that hour...as if I have some crystal ball and was supposed to magically know they were busy. I don't have time for rude MEDIOCRE restaurants. Out of all the amazing vegan options offered in Philly, you were my LAST. Never again. Proceed with caution, folks. Food is just OK.
Thai spot in Center City that my friends recommended for takeout. I was in a group of 3 and we came in on a weekend evening, but it felt relatively empty.

Atmosphere: There was a lot of indoor dining and servers were all masked. One server sped-walked around the restaurant and was very abrupt in answering our questions. For example, he was not able to bring us drinks or give us our check, but gave us abrupt answers of "no, I can't do that," without asking for another server. I imagine they could be very understaffed here, but the behavior felt a bit rushed.

Food: The tom yum soup lacked its typical basil leaves. The chicken satay was probably my favorite, but no other dishes were particularly outstanding. I could see this as a casual takeout option in the future if I'm craving Thai food, but I didn't find anything very special or a need to return anytime soon.

Overall: 3/5 - Did not find the food to be worth the money or particularly flavorful and did find the atmosphere to be quite rushed, so we likely won't be back to dine in, unfortunately.
Went here during restaurant week but ended up ordering from the regular menu. The dishes were delicately presented, for example with flowers made out of reddish sitting on top. The sauce/broth were rich and flavorful, and our appetizer autumn rolls were so satisfying and chewable. 

In terms of the atmosphere of the restaurant, I would see modern with a traditional twist. All the staff here were friendly. Our waitress kept asking how our meal was going even though it was a busy night.

The price is a little high but definitely compatible with the quality of food and service that you get here.
Salmon and shrimp cakes were delicious. Perfect blend of flavor! The Tom Yum soup was pretty good, flavorful and really hit the spot. For an entree I had the scallop and shrimp dish, the scallops were perfect, shrimp was little over cooked. Husband had the braised short rib red curry, he said it was 8 out of 10. The cabbage was little under cooked and too big. 


It was a bit over priced for the service we received. P
I think I've finally found a Thai place that serves authentic and flavorful food. The Thai food scene in West Philly leaves much to be desired and too often I'm paying for overpriced food with underwhelming flavors (a common theme since I've moved here). So, the search for good Thai food continues! I'm so pleasantly surprised that Chatayee Thai is so vegan-friendly. This allows my roommate and I to be able to share food without that dreaded food-restriction-ping-ponging we have to do when looking for restaurants. 

+PARKING: Located in Center City, parking is always going to be a nightmare. Street-parking only and I'm glad I came with another person. Have someone wait outside while you pick up your food. We ordered to-go since we went during the snowfall.

+FOOD: We were able to order a variety of their mains and appetizers. Be careful with your spice levels! Thai food is spicy and as someone who loves spicy food, even I was sweating at a medium-level spice. I would say order down from what you would normally do. A medium-level is more hot-level at Chatayee Thai. Stand out for me was probably their AUTUMN ROLLS! It's not a traditional type of fried egg-roll, but the filling is so good and vegan-friendly. They use a mix of root vegetables and I definitely detected taro inside. It's sweet, salty, and crispy. Each order comes with 2 autumn rolls. Their SOMTAM (green papaya salad) was pretty meh. I think there are better papaya salads and I thought the portion wasn't worth the price. The PAD SEE EW and PAD THAI was on point. Bold flavors and decent portion-sizes. We ordered the KANG DANG curry as well, but I didn't get to taste it.

+PRICE: A little on the pricier side. Mains seem to run on the higher side between $14-$28. Personally, I couldn't finish my portion of noodles in combination with the appetizers we ordered. But do be aware you'll probably have to spend a little more here to get full.

OVERALL: I would definitely come again. Chatayee serves delicious Thai food and I think their flexible menu options means that a lot of people are able to enjoy their food. Their vegan options aren't anything to sneeze at. I do think that at their prices, I would only come during special occasion. I don't have that kind of dough to splurge or patience to find parking here very often.
Great Thai restaurant with plentiful vegan and vegetarian options. I ordered the vegan pad Thai, which was great. My non-vegetarian friends also enjoyed their entrees.

While most Thai restaurants are not that vegetarian friendly, Chatayee Thai has an entire vegan menu! I hope to return and try more of the selection, including the signature curries, massaman & roti, and autumn rolls.
Aside from the normally awesome dinners I've had, the now have brunch.  Seriously the Thai version on congee is amazing.   Add some chilli peppers in vinegar ( from the condiment tray ) is seriously an amazing twist on the typical breakfast congee...

Followed up with a Pad That Omelette, that was absolutely delicious.   Think Pad Thai, with an omelette wrapper.
Beautiful restaurant and excellent staff. They have a separate Vegan menu, Full of regional dishes you normally wouldn't see on a regular Thai menu. The tom kha is excellent as well as the Roti massaman.
Excellent Thai food in downtown Philly! 

I came here twice during my two-week trip to Philadelphia, and was very impressed both times. At the first visit, I had a delicious salmon with yellow curry. The salmon was cooked perfectly with a crispy skin, and the curry and accompanying vegetables were delicious. I also had the autumn rolls, an interesting and tasty twist on the traditional spring roll. 

My second trip, I tried the Pad See Ew from the extensive vegan menu. It was perfectly seasoned, and the tofu, noodles, and vegetables were all terrific. Definitely one of the top Thai restaurants I've been to!
I really enjoyed the vegan menu at this restaurant. Being vegan and asking restaurant to accommodate dishes to not have fish sauce has always been a challenge for me as most of the sauces / mixes contain shrimp or fish sauce. This restaurant has a dedicated vegan menu and all the dishes look delicious. Really excited to come back and try other options next time in Philly.
This was the worst experience I have ever had in center city. I moved a candle that was in a votive glassware and burned my finger. I asked the waiter for ice and it took over 20 mins to deliver. In addition we made a reservation for 8 and it took over 20 mins to get seated. Service is poor and food takes over an hour to come. Will never dîne here again and recommend to not come here for Thai food.
This place was amazing. Truly some of the best Thai food that I've had, They were running low on staff but made the best of what they can. PJ   Was our waiter and he was really doing such an amazing job and making sure everyone was pleased happy and getting his job done as efficient as he could. 

My friends and I got a lot of things on the menu and they were all really good. Be careful when you choose the spices the medium for me was not spicy at all but everyone likes spice. I got medium space for my Massaman & Roti and it wasn't spicy at all - not sure if it counts to  say that because of course the creaminess from the coconut milk in the curry cuts the spice. For my noodles I got spicy and that was kind of hot, but definitely good heat I really liked it. 

The drinks were very strong, The midnight Manhattan is sort of like a martini so you can kind of get a second glass out of it because they leave the shaker with you, which is nice. They had outdoor seating and no wait when we got there. 
During this time everyone is figuring out what's best for their business and I think they're doing a great job I would definitely go there and try to food I definitely want to travel from Jersey to go back and have it again!!!
The search is over guys!  Finally, a hot new authentic Thai restaurant has opened up in the city!    It is absolutely gorgeous inside. From the chandeliers, fully stocked bar to the beautiful dining room, this place is absolutely breathtaking.  I have now dined here once a week from the day they opened and I still can't get enough of this place.  

Now onto the important matter, FOOD. I am slowly working up my way to trying everything on the menu but there are a few favorites that I can't seem to get away from.  The Tom Kha Kai soup is bomb! And how can you go to a Thai restaurant and not get Pad Thai?!  Don't get me wrong tho, absolutely everything I've tried so far has been delicious.  The Yam Nuer Salad (Thai beef salad) is bursting with flavor.  The massaman lamb curry was delicious. The lamb was so tender and the curry I could just eat everyday!  There is so much more we can't wait to try!  

Highly recommend this place if you are looking for authentic Thai!
Chatayee Thai is an experience you do not want to miss out on. I was in town on business and it was my last night in town. I wanted to try another Thai place. This place was highly rated and it had an artsy atmosphere. I stepped in the door about 5:30 pm. The interior was decorated nicely with Thai flair. Good music was playing but not loudly. There is a nice bar with adequate seating and lots of tables. There were several patrons there when I arrived and more came in as I was waiting for my food. This place is definitely not your average Thai restaurant. I had an appetizer - crispy round wraps of pumpkin/potato (thoun tong). First time having it. Delicious, 2 tennis ball sized wraps. For entree I had their drunken noodles with chicken medium spiced. Perfectly spiced and flavorful. I was happy I decided to try this place for dinner. Oh the price was right too!
This place is great! Highly recommend the pork skewars. Love the drunk noodles. My husband gets the red curry with chicken. Also like the chicken satay, pad Thai and the beef salad Nom Lok j think it's called... We love this place! Can't go wrong!
I am so happy. This was the best, most authentic Thai food that I have had since visiting Maui. They did a wonderful job with the atmosphere of the place. It's a big space but the decorations and lighting make it feel very comfortable. My server, Melissa, was friendly, attentive and very knowledgeable. She answered all my vegan questions and that is the icing on the cake here...there are SO many vegan options. A whole other menu in fact and that was just for lunch! My parents take it one step further and eat a no-oil diet and the chef said she could easily accommodate them. Go and eat here, support this new restaurant because they deserve to be around for many, many years to come.
Very delicious food, nice decor, and nice staff. An excellent new thai place for sure!

A bit dark when you walk in but its actually pretty easy to see at the tables. Quiet and easy to talk to each other. Extensive menu AND an extra vegan menu, which confused us at first. Had their version of a Moscow mule and my friend had a mango chili drink and they honestly compared to what you get at bespoke cocktail joints, a nice surprise for sure! Tom Yum soup was good! I had the Pad Thai which was a MASSIVE portion but very well cooked and flavored. Had enough for lunch the next day. All of the usual Thai Fare is on the menu. 

Our waiter was very nice. He honestly forgot someone was allergic to shrimp and told us when the food came out and was more than willing to take it back but we just exchanged plates. Would have been nice and would probably be a good idea to put the addition of Shrimp Flakes to the menu so people know. He was very nice about it and honestly felt terrible and apologized several times. 

One feedback would be that the prices seemed high and the portions were unnecessarily large. I wanted to try more appetizers and things but I couldn't even finish my main dish. Would be nice if prices were lower and portions were smaller. 

Amazing cocktails, excellent Thai food, and a nice waiter. A good addition to center city for sure.
Positives: affordable and tasty Thai food in a beautiful setting. 

Negatives: there was hardly any waitstaff on a Saturday night and there was one person who acted as the host, bartender, waiter, and bus boy. I think this restaurant could be successful but they need to have a full waitstaff. Trying to order drinks or food was close to impossible since no one would come by our table to take our orders.
A friend of mine loves this place and invited me here for dinner. She comes often for happy hour and highly recommended it. After my visit, I have to agree. I will definitely be back! I started with a glass of Merlot and the Tom Yum soup. I ordered it spicy with chicken and it was perfect to warm me up as we dined outside. On the server's recommendation I ordered the curry lamb. It was tender and flavorful and absolutely delicious. My friend tried it and agreed that I had chosen a winner. She had the shrimp cucumber salad which was very fresh & tasty and some sort of cakes made of eggplant which were phenomenal. I'll be back just for the them. Overall, a wonderful dining experience!
Was visiting Philly and found this spot . Food was good and there were a lot of vegan options. Tom yum tofu was perfect!
Very tasty! I came here on a Tues evening. About 10 people in the spacious beautifully decorated room. 
Prompt attentive service. Tasty food. I had the shrimp pad Thai , my friend had the basil chicken. We had the larb to start. Good menu for keto folk and carb junkies, alike. Full bar , as well . Convenient  location.
I was visiting Philly for the weekend and craving Thai and heard from a friend that Chatayee was new and pretty legit. We ordered the classics and some interesting specials. From the Tom Yum soup to the Warm Black Rice pudding we were very pleased. The dishes were authentic, fresh and flavorful with great presentation. We will be back!
i want this place to make it. but to make it, they need a few adjustments. First, the food need to be hot....not room temp and certainly not cold (as many of our apps and entrees were)....second, the service is too spotty. drinks took 40 minutes to come! that is not in our interest and it's not in their interest. I hope they get service worked out because the food is good...a little rich...but good...if only it was even slightly warm...
Walked in on Saturday night for two and it was a very short wait. Tables opened up and we were seated at a high top near the bar. After 5 minutes the bartender, with a very sweet personality, finally told us she was going to be our waitress also. She took our drink order and we put in an app order also. The specialty drinks were delicious. The Thai-jito was great. We tried the chicken satay and a tofu Tom-Kha soup. The chicken was cold, dry and tasted like it was sitting around for a while before it was served. The soup was delicious. We had to ask for waters. After we finished this round, we sat for 15-20 minutes without drinks or food. Never checked in once. We had to flag her down to put our order for mains and a bottle of wine. They didn't have our first choice of wines, but we were happy with our second choice. As we sat for another 5-10 minutes, without water nor wine, we asked for our wine to be delivered. 30 minutes without food or drinks and an empty table top in the middle of a meal. It was finally delivered and we had to ask for water refills. Meals came pretty quickly and were delicious. Scallops and shrimp meals were delicious, except a second dining plate was never delivered. The food was a 4 star and the service was a 1 star. For a $160 meal service should be better. Don't sit at a high top table by the bar and I guess it would have been great. They need training. Not one person ever asked how our meal was.
Great new Thai place! There's a whole separate menu for vegetarians with also some vegan options. I got the veggie pad thai and was really impressed. Not stuffed with tofu like most places try to do but actually a good amount of noodles. Def recommend.
I have been looking forward to checking out Chatayee for a while! It's a big space, easy to book a reservation, and the food was great! We got the roti appetizer, and I got a tofu dish, and my companion ordered off the omnivorous menu. I just love that they have a vegan menu! It's what made me want to come, and now that I've been, really excited to come back. Great location in the gayborhood/midtown. We also got cocktails that were delicious too! Recommend.
What a great first visit and happy hour! My husband and I stopped by for happy hour last Friday and had a great time. We will certainly be back.

The only hiccup was when I ordered the happy hour Yards Pale Ale, and it came out very flat. But I brought it to the server's attention, and the server rectified the issue and his service was 10/10. 

We ordered the autumn rolls, Tod Mun Puk, Roti & Massaman curry, and Thung Tong and I honestly recommend all of them. The Thung Tong is so cute and unique though, I definitely recommend that one. The fritters (tod mun puk) were very flavorful and unique, and the massaman and crispy roti were spot on. These appetizers plus a couple rounds of beers filled us right up for dinner. My husband even texted me the next day telling me how good the food was and how he wants to go back .. he never does this. 

We will be back to try other items and I'll certainly update my review next time. Again, shout out to that server for exemplary service!
I don't know when this gem of a Thai place showed up, but it's a great find! The exterior is pretty unassuming, but on the inside there a nice spacious dining area with a baby grand set in the middle, chandeliers, and an upper level. The menu is pretty extensive with authentic Thai dishes. I had the Tom Yum soup, chicken pad thai, and golden milk, and below are my thoughts on each dish.

1) Tom Yum Soup - You can let them know how spicy you want your soup to be, and if you wanted chicken or shrimp in it. I tried spicy (not Thai spicy), and trust me (as an asian who loves his spicy food), this will be spicy enough for you. I don't want to know what Thai spicy is. I only wished that the lemongrass flavor came up stronger to complement the spiciness.

2) Chicken pad thai - The noodles were made to perfection! It was just cooked right (not too stiff or soggy), and just the right amount of oil so they don't clump together. The side of salad is a plus too! It added freshness to the greasy dish. Portion was great too!

3) Golden Milk - I think this drink is perfect to be paired with spicy dishes! It has ginger, honey, tumeric, and cinnamon blended into a smoothie. Definitely helped with the tingly sensation on my lips from the spicy Tom Yum soup.

I'll definitely be back again to try out their other dishes! I also think this is a perfect spot for dinner of all occasions.
I stopped in for a Happy Hour (M-F 5-7pm & Sat-Sun 4:30-6:30pm!) The space is large and feels welcoming. There was a surprisingly large crowd for a weekday early night. I was surprised to see a large happy hour menu, AND was told that they also do HH on the weekend (nice!). The cocktails had fun ingredients, and they have a full vegan menu for those interested. I had the spring rolls, massaman curry and the croquettes. Croquettes were a little over cooked but not bad, and the spring rolls were good (I have to say that I am bored of the chili dipping sauce that was listed with nearly every item). By far the curry was the best, its sauce was deeply flavored with a good heat. I will probably revisit and try some noodles and a cocktail.
Came here a few years ago during restaurant week and wasn't impressed, but decided to give it another shot after a friend came here for happy hour. SO, so glad that I decided to try again because we had an amazing happy hour experience! We each got the cocktail of the day, and it was great - strong without tasting strong at all. Our waiter was also kind enough to offer any adjustments to the drink if we needed it. 

Some of the best happy hour dishes in my opinion: 
- Chicken Satay 
- Massman & Roti 
- Thung Tong (crispy pouches with pumpkin and potato) 
- Spicy Basil Vegetable Fried Rice

Overall, everything was very delish and I will definitely be back for happy hour again sometime soon! Also, big shoutout to our waiter for being so kind and helpful throughout.
Thai food connoisseur here and holy $&*k this place was not what I expected. 
I ordered : app-(8/10) Massaman & Roti $10
Pumpkin, potato, cauliflower, carrot, onion, roasted peanuts with thin crust flatbread
Main: (9/10) 
Kang Rawang Hed $22
Mixed mushroom in rich earthy Rawang spiced curry, kaffir lime leaf, lemongrass, steamed vegetables (level 3 out of 4 hot[not hot enough])
 Everything tasted fresh, uniquely bold, and comforting. The service was 8/10  and they even had fresh made sriracha! The chef even came out to make sure everyone's food was perfect (´,,**,,) will be returning as soon as I can
We came for outdoor seating, but because there isn't any sort of tent, the heat lamps were a bit ineffective but they gave us 2! Our waiter was the only person working but he was super sweet and was fast with service, threw in an extra side of rice for us to share.

We ordered:
- Somtam (Papaya Salad): 4/5. We got this medium spice level but it was quite spicy!! I'd suggest Mild if you aren't good with spice. The salad was in a nice large bowl with some lettuce at the bottom; I took off 1 pt bc it was a bit pricey at $10.
- Thung Tong (Crispy Pouches): 4/5. These were super unique! Extremely crispy exterior, and the sauce is sweet while the inside is like a pumpkin/potato curry. 
- Po Pai Koong (Spring Rolls): 4/5. These were good! Nothing too special, loved how crispy they were.
- Kang Dang (Red Curry Chicken): 4/5. Loved the bamboo shoots in this, and the whole dish was nice and creamy/fresh.

Excited to come try their Happy Hour sometime in the future once indoor dining is acceptable!
I loved it here! My only disappointment is that after walking by it so many times that it took me so long to get there. The food was phenomenal! I am often times disappointed at Thai restaurants but not this one! I simply can't wait to go back.
Host was super sweet and knowledgeable. I have a gluten allergy and she was well-versed in the necessary precautions that were to be taken to accommodate a Gluten-Free meal!

We ordered the Pad See Ew with Chicken and it was delicious!

We also got the Red Curry and subbed the Chicken for Beef which was just as delicious.

Water was promptly refilled and the indoor dining provides a nice view of the husting and bustling going on outside.
Went in during Friday happy hour, easily got seating at the bar for 3. Beautiful decor and set up. The prices were decent for dishes, mainly around $4-5 for the small plates. We got the vegetarian items- Autumn Rolls, spice basil Vegetable Fried Rice, & Thoun Tong, and off the regular menu: Pad Kee Mao. 

The dishes came out decently fast, were warm and I appreciated the separate vegan menu they offer. To say the least, all the dishes lacked flavor. The fried rice was so overwhelmed by tons of veggies, that it was difficult to taste much of the basil fried rice and no tofu is in the dish. The autumn rolls were probably the best, they had a nice kick to it but underwhelming. The Thoun Tong was a mix of a potato stuffing with a sweet undertaste, which wasn't my liking. Lastly the Pad Kee Mao completely lacked flavor and spice! I needed to add spice to everything to have a flavor. Needless to say I won't be returning, wouldn't recommend!
Stumbled upon this gem while walking around in Philadelphia during a last minute spur-of-the-moment weekend trip. Amazing service, incredible food. Ordered 5-6 menu items and everything was great. Expansive delicious vegan options. 

Medium spiciness is definitely at the upper end of medium (more like a hot to very hot). 

Probably won't ever be back since I don't live in Philly but easily could recommend to anyone wanting great Thai food.
LOVE!! Amazing quality Thai food. So many different food options too! Very well made and high quality.
In continuing my Thai obsession phase, I stopped in for lunch today. I'm so glad I did: the vegan Chatayee Kang Kewan was exactly what I looking for! The vegetables and tofu were fresh and perfectly cooked, the green curry was complex, flavorful, and Thai spicy as ordered. Portion was plentiful for the price.

Looking forward to trying the rest of their menu.
Order from their vegan menu.  Try one of the soups.  The pad Thai was delicious too.  We also had the mushroom salad which was good.
Great authentic cuisine, great service, and great atmosphere and vibe.  We had appetizers: mou ping, papaya salad, larb kai, and main dishes: pork belly, and red curry chicken.  Fresh ingredients, refined preparation, and good portion sizes. Delicious.  I'd characterize this place as an upscale Thai restaurant.
As of early July, Chatayee is one of my top Thai places in Philly. 

Must get: crispy pumpkin pouch, pad thai, papaya salad, mushroom salad
Meh: cocktails ($$$), short ribs, fish cake
Missed: soup, cocktail hour, thai spice level

While Chatayee may seem like a generic Thai restaurant from the exterior, i.e. fancy lighting, large bar seating, overly decorative photos, the food is authentic. My favorite was the papaya salad, mushroom salad and spring rolls. I would have preferred the portions to be slightly larger given the price, but I can't argue with the taste and texture. I was a bit disappointed with the short ribs, which was a bit too tough and over-sauced. The short ribs portion, however, was generous.

Overall, I think Chatayee Thai made a positive impression and I am very interested in coming back for the cocktail hour menu and cheaper dishes.

Food: 5 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Price: 4 stars
3.5. This place was good but nothing sensational. Nice inside, a little overly decorated with chandeliers, good acoustics and price. Pleasant food if you are in the mood but it is just hard to find great authentic Thai in the city.
I found this place looking for a new place to eat.  I have gone back three times.  The food is great.  The price is good and a the atmosphere is great.  Try it!!
Great new Thai restaurant in town! Diverse menu, with an excellent vegan menu too. Food can be spicy so let them know your spice level. Friendly service, nice ambiance. Highly recommend!
I ordered online. There was a glitch in the matrix and the restaurant never got the order. Grubhub called them and sorted it out. No harm no foul. I want to extend the highest compliment to the lovely, profession bartender (the bar was legit busy, and apparently is also responsible for takeout) she was totally on top of getting my order in and made me a drink (that is delicious and spicy) on the house. I have been watching this gal juggle next level. More to come after i sample this vegan food.
I agree with the earlier reviewers. This place could be great but is simply "ok". Food was decent but service was all over the place.
Very awesome restaurant with great decor, lots of space, cool bar, and good Thai food. I came here for dinner with my wife on Saturday. We were seated promptly. We got a window table near the bar. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. 

I ordered the Tom Yum soup and Pa Pai Koog spring rolls. They offer levels of spice for soups and most entrees: mild, medium, spicy and Thai spicy. The server said that spicy and Thai spicy are very spicy. So, I got the soup medium spicy, and that was a good call. It had the perfect amount of spice for me. Both the soup and spring rolls were delicious. The rolls came with a delicious sweet sauce. The soup had a great flavor. The veggies were not too soft, which I liked. 

For dinner, I ordered the Kang Ped Yang, which was crispy duck breast in a red curry sauce. My wife ordered the Pad Kee Mai noodles.  Both meals came out within 15 minutes after our appetizers, which was awesome. The food was delicious. Everything was hot, fresh and flavorful.  The duck was tender and moist. The portion was good for the price too. We were very happy and full. 

The restaurant is really nice and would be great for large groups and parties. We will return!
I ordered delivery which arrived on time. I was really happy to see they have clearly labeled Vegan/Vegetarian options. The Vegan Pad Kee Mao was a good portion, fresh, and tasty. I also ordered the Vegan Salad Kak, which I would not recommend. Something was off about it. The tofu in it was fried, but mushy rather than crispy. Something about the peanut sauce tasted bland. It was pretty pricey for what I got. Not sure if I'd order here again, but I would definitely enjoy eating the Vegan Pad Kee Mao again. If the prices were a little lower, I'd be more inclined.
Great meal. Fun host, she might of been the owner. Very friendly.  A must stop if you are in Philadelphia.
I have to tell you, I'm thrilled to see good Thai downtown! The food and service were both exceptional. The owner/chef came around at one point to check in with our meals. Super friendly, gave us additional courses to sample that we weren't charged for which were delicious! 

My only complaint is that I wanted it super spicy and I don't think they thought I could handle it. When I said Thai spice I mean it! :) 

Visit this new great addition to the gayborhood! And bring your empty stomachs-- everything is good!
I know of Joanna Pang, the owner of Chayatee Thai.  I know she is an American of Chinese descent.  There is no shame in that.  This is America.  By being an American, you should be able to tackle any challenge you desire, including owning and operating a Thai restaurant.

I lived in Lampang, Thailand a number of years ago.  I am always looking for good home cooking.  Had a not so good experience with Chayatee a few months ago when it first opened, but thought I give it a second chance when every restaurant on 13th Street required at least a 30 min wait.  

It took forever for my curry to arrive.  I understand this is the weekend, all of the restaurants are busy.  During the wait, my server, who reeked of cigarettes, stopped by my table twice.  It wasn't to apologize or even to fill my water glass, but to just remind me that this restaurant is Thai owned.  Who cares!
My food did not taste authentic.  I probably have to go back to Thailand for complete authenticity.

What a waste of a good evening.  I knew I should have just waited to be seated at El Vez around the corner.  Everyone knows that El Vez makes real Mexican food, and of course, it is owned by real Mexicans.
Romantic decor, waiter was great and so polite. Drinks are overpriced. Menu was made complicated compared to other thai places. Food is just ok, not memorable, and somehow lacked the exciting thai flavors. For example, the red curry had too much coconut milk and thin in consistency. The pad see ew tasted mostly of soy sauce with a burnt flavor? That being said, food presentation although was great.
Amazing food, stopped here a few times this past week for pad see ew it was the best I've had so far
So happy to stumble upon this Thai restaurant in center city philly! Came here very late at night around 1030 where every place was closed this restaurant was nice enough to take us in at the last minute and didn't rush us one bit! The food here is delicious!! I highly recommend getting the short ribs and the pork skewer sticks!!!! Also the Thai tea here was great as well! We were sitting outside because of safety reason and the server was so nice to bring us a heat lamp. Great service and amazing food! Can't wait to come back when we are craving Thai food!!! Oh yea don't forget to get the mango sticky rice!!! Wish it was a little bit more ripped for the mangos but overall very tasty!
Came to Philly on Saturday, and this was one of the few restaurants I wanted to try that could accommodate a last minute reservation. What drew me to this restaurant was the extensive vegan menu with unique offerings, and it did not disappoint.

I ordered and split the Thung Tong-crispy pumpkin potato pouches and the Tod Mun Puk- Roasted Eggplant Tofu Red Curry corn fritters. Both were flavorful, crispy, sweet and delicious. 

For my entree I ordered the Chatayee Kang Kewan Bangkok style Green Curry. I love green curry and it was unique compared to others I've had in the states because it contained (beyond traditional vegetables) squash, pumpkin and purple potatoes. It was very tasty, was sweet and not too spicy, but it did come with a layer of oil on the top of the plate, which was not something I was used to for this dish, and why I'm only giving this place 4 stars. Otherwise I really enjoyed the restaurant, and would  recommend!
It was a Sunday night during this year's Super Bowl, so most restaurants in Center City were probably slow due to Super Bowl viewing parties. Originally l, I was planning on going to another restaurant with my roommate, but because it ended up being closed, we ended up Aaron Chatayee Thai and it was a very enjoyable experience! 

The large space is lovely with its lighting and subtle accents that give the restaurant an elegant feel without an overbearing or uncomfortable ambience. Our server was very friendly and extremely helpful with answering our questions about the menu. It's too bad I wasn't able to catch her name! 

Food was delicious--we ordered the Thung Tong as aa starter and I think I have too say that it was my favorite part of my meal! I'm a fan of sweet potatoes and I enjoyed the soft, creamy and subtly sweet texture in combination of the crispy shell of the pouches. We also split the Kang Dang as our main entree and for dessert--the black rice pudding and banana spring rolls  with strawberry and jasmine tea dipping sauce.  

Their menu has a lot of options for vegan and vegetarians as well! There is even a whole separate menu that those with a vegan diet can use to order. My roommate and I aren't vegan, but I understand how hard it can be to find tasty vegan options, so I thought that this was one of the highlights of the restaurant!

Price-wise, it's the average cost of most Thai restaurants, which isn't exactly cheap. But it would be a really nice date spot or when you're in the mood to indulge a little on good Thai food!
Only received half the order (refunded by Grub hub). 
Also, directions were not followed at all, including spice level. Hot mess.
I'm usually never one to write reviews, but after what my family and I experienced yesterday, I knew I had to write one. We've always loved Thai food, so Chatayee Thai was a must go for us. The reviews looked amazing, so we decided to give it a try. 

We tried to call them and give the order through the phone (we had a very large order), but after leaving us on hold for over 20 minutes, we decided to place the order online. When we received our food, we realized that we were missing an item (we did takeout and took it back to our hotel room). We called asking for a refund, and they told us they would venmo us for the missing item (I've never heard of a restaurant using venmo for refunds). The next day we still didn't receive our venmo, so we called them back. The customer service overall was complete SHIT, and now it got even worse. The lady on the phone had no idea that we were missing an item and that we needed a refund. She went to go talk to the manager (after we requested her to) and forgot to put the phone on mute. How does this even happen?! We heard the manager SWEAR at both us and our situation several times. They refused to venmo us until the end of the day, and when we asked for the refund now (it has already been a day), the manager continued to swear in the background. We have yet to get our money back for the missing item. At least now we know how much Chatayee Thai values their customers!
Tonight my partner and I came in and we had a fabulous meal. Stellar service and even better food. If you want authentic Thai cuisine then this is the place for you!  We shared the chicken Satay and the Ton Kha Kai soup. The chicken was amazing and the peanut sauce to die for. The soup had just the right amount of heat that let the flavor shine through!  Do entree we had the Pad Kee Mao Kai noodles(amazing flavor!!) and the Kang Dang red curry?  We loved them both we also had the trio of sticky rice. Amazing!!  If you are a lover of Thai food then you will love this place!!
Despite the slow service initially, the food lived up to the expectations. We had the Boom Bai Chicken and vegetable pad kee mao. Both were very flavorful and the requested spice levels were just right. The ambience is nice for a romantic date night. I would return.
I ordered through Grubhub and was thoroughly impressed!!
First, I loved how they have their menu separated between vegan and non-vegan. This made it super easy for me to make my selection.
Second, the food was delicious.. and better yet, the portion sizes were huge!!! I've gotten several meals out of my ONE order.
Finally, they sent me a complimentary item just for the hell of it.
I'm so glad that I found this restaurant! Yum
Stopping by to give this place some more love. Everyone knows about Kalaya - which is excellent in its own right - but more people should know about Chatayee. It's somewhere between your neighborhood Thai joint and Kalaya in terms of originality and price point. Everything I've tried has been delicious, particularly the beef salad and the roti with curry. The space is huge with an upstairs. Give it a try!
I was looking for a Thai restaurant in center city that I haven't been to and decided to give this place a try. So glad I did. 4 of us went for happy hour and they had great specials on food and drinks. The food we ordered (without any expectations) turned out to be amazing. We stuck to vegetarian dishes and ordered the tod mun puk, massaman and roti (my personal favorite), spicy basil vegetable fried rice and thoun tong - portions are pretty generous as well. In addition, the waitress and owner were sweet and made sure we were enjoying our first experience there. Highly recommend!
The place was very beautiful on the inside, but we were seated in the balcony and didn't get the ambiance of the live piano and beautiful decor. The food was ok but definitely not the best Thai food I have had. We got the coconut soup and roti appetizer to start, then the chicken pad Thai and salmon with curry. The best thing was the salmon. Pad Thai was basically just a huge pile of noodles with like three pieces of chicken. The roti was delicious but only two small pieces. The coconut soup was interesting (very coconutty) so others may enjoy that. 
Also, our table was crooked which was unpleasant. If we had been seated in the main area instead of the weird plain balcony I think we would have enjoyed it more.
AWFUL. ordered from here and MY FOOD NEVER CAME. can't even call because it sends you to a recording. Terrible will never get from here again.
I went to Chatayee Thai tonight for Drag Happy Hour which occurs every Monday from 4-6. The queens over there did an amazing job in the heat and performing up and down the sidewalk to everyone there and even the passerby's! 

Drink specials for happy hours were awesome! Lots of $5 dollar beers, rail drinks, and wine! The happy hour food menu had so many delicious options with many being vegetarian or vegan. 

The tofu and egg rolls were well cooked, well seasoned and paired with the best sauces! The rice was out of this world! I would order again in a heartbeat! We got a spice level 2 out of 5 and it brought some subtle heat. I'll probably kick it up a notch next time! 

If you're in the area- this is the happy hour you need to be at!
Boyfriend and I went at 5 for dinner and some happy hour deals. Got 2 appetizers (massaman curry was our favorite), glass of wine and cocktail of the day (sweet mango but a nice bit of alcohol in it). Food is rated on spice level from 1-4 and our appetizer was a level 2 with not much spice at all. Apparently the entree chef is a bit more heavy handed with the spice so have caution!!!

There was only one server/bartender/host in the restaurant, Minh, but he was kind, attentive, and even gave me Thai tea when my food was spicier than expected! I ordered Pad Cha Tofu which was very good but a tad too spicy for me at a level 2. My boyfriend got Boom Bai Kai which was also delicious but incredibly spicy at a level 3. Minh didn't rush us out after we finished our entrees but still had our drinks left. 

Nice atmosphere inside the restaurant with lovely artwork, music, and lighting! It was a lovely and reasonably priced dinner for two!
Really really really good! Super happy that they delivered to our address--we only ordered pad thai and drunken noodles and it was all delicious.

Food arrived hot and really good portion sizes. The food was fresh and we also like that we could select the level of spiciness. This will be our thai go to for delivery!
i got the vegan pad see ew and it was perfect!! decent portions and super nice staff! new fav spot in philly
