My husband and I have been talking about grabbing roast beef sandwiches at Cherry Street Tavern for the longest time, and we finally made it over on Sunday night with a friend. We started with a plate of nachos which didn't stand a chance. The 'chos were super basic - hearty round chips out of the bag with some cheese sauce, chili, sour cream and pickled jalapeños. They were simple yet hit the spot, which led to a lengthy conversation about the bastardization of nachos in recent times. Really enlightening stuff. 

Next up were our roast beef sandwiches, which you can top with American, Swiss or Provolone. For .50 more, top your 'wich with sharp provolone and a side of hot peppers. Washed down with a couple beers, this meal hit the spot. The bartender was a friendly gent who both wrangled drinks and put together meals for everyone in the place. My next craving for a hot roast beef sandwich will have me heading straight to Cherry Street.
No fuss, small menu. great music kind of place.

A couple of us were in the area and I needed to get a bite to eat. The simple menu here looked perfect and it hit the spot. The nachos with chili, the hot roast beef with swiss- every bite was tasty. The sandwich was huge and juicy. Beer menu has just the right choices on it.

Sports playing on the tv and live music was going on in the back room. Definitely a great place to gather with friends :)
This is a fantastic neighborhood bar.   Friendly and fun atmosphere. Their food is just delicious and I would recommend the roast beef sandwiches.

There is plenty of room here in the back room for groups.  Maybe a future yelp happy hour location!
I popped in here after an event on the parkway. This place as a comfortable, around-the-way feel, and a beautiful long, mirrored bar. For a neighborhood joint, they have a decent selection of local beers, and I love the long, public-style table in the front room. 

The back is typical grungy sports bar, and the wood paneling is definitely "grandparent's basement," but the beer is cold and the folks are friendly.
Cherry Street Tavern has to be the best Neighborhood bar in Center City. 

After work it's the perfect place for happy hour. It's not the place to be "scene", but the place to relax, have a beer, watch the game and have the Citys best roast beef sandwich with a piece of Prov on top.
Cherry Street Tavern may be my favorite bar in Philly. 

I'd describe it as a working-class neighborhood bar (although, its not really in a working class neighborhood). There seems to be a nice mix of older regulars, younger professionals and not-annoyingly-hip hipsters. 

The menu is small, but if you're in the mood for a world-class hot beef and cheese you'll be more than satisfied. The beer selection is good and the drinks are well made. 

The service is always exceptional. Don't be afraid if you walk in there and you only see two or three people working, you'll still get better service than 95% of other Philly bars.

Another benefit of this bar is that it is hardly ever crowded. They have a large back room for busy lunches or game nights, but you can almost always find a seat or two at the bar. 

If you are looking for 'scene' then just stay away, but if you are looking for a chill place to have a beer, then I highly recommend this bar.
I love Cherry Street!!!

I am always greeted with smiles from the staff. The selection of drinks, food and music are always great.  Cherry Street is like an old friend...the neighborhood bar where you feel comfortable yet hip and fun.

Cherry Street is very clean;  the food is excellent; the drinks are always cold and the owners treat you like family.

They have the best hot pork sandwiches in Philly, and the homemade chili is to die for. You're missing out if you don't check this place out!
Stopped in here before Science After Hours at the Franklin Institute (a monthly 21+ gathering mixing science and alcohol...check it out).  Cherry Street Tavern is only a couple blocks from the museum, and my boyfriend and I were looking for a quick bite before heading to the event.

The menu is very limited, but I don't hold that against a place as long as the few items they do offer are very good.  After being greeted by our friendly server, we each got a beer and a hot Roast Pork Sandwich with provolone and long hots added.  Overall I liked the sandwich and it definitely exceeded my expectations.  The bread was phenomenal!  So fresh and soft with a crisp exterior.  However, by the time it got to me, one side of the roll was completely soaked through.  I realize some people may like this but I have a strong aversion to soggy bread.  If you're like me, I would recommend asking for the sandwich dry.  I'll try this next time to see if it cuts down on the soggy factor.

Also on the sandwich were roast pork and provolone, which were both good, but I think I'd upgrade to the sharp provolone next time for more flavor.  The long hots didn't do anything for me so I'd skip those in the future. When you get your sandwich, you'll be served horseradish on the side which I thought added a great boost of flavor.

Overall, this is a place I'd visit again for a quick beer or bite of food, especially if I had something planned at the Franklin Institute.  Next time I may try their Hot Roast Beef, which everyone seems to rave about!
The food here is decent no frills bar food.  The roast beef is good but overrated based upon some of the reviews on the place.  The customers are very "eclectic" (my nice of saying they have some strange folks here).  One time I had another customer ask if I was done with an app and when I said yes (without offering it to them) they just started eating from it.  Another time I had a customer tell me that the roast beef sandwich was amazing and that they had finished their order in minutes.  I told the customer I thought the roast beef was good and that I had ordered it as well.  When my order came out they were staring at me the entire time I ate.  Awkward....
Rarely do I give a place one star, but when I order a sandwich and it takes an hour to arrive, that's one-Star service. And when that sandwich is not the sandwich I asked for, I'd take that one star away if I could.
Gina, the bartender,  not only slapped me, but stole my septal tokens, telling me that walking builds character. After tying my shoes together and throwing them over some power lines, when I started crying, she pointed,  laughed  and said that my tears would be her next big hit instagram video. 

I deserved all of this, to be honest.
I LOVE the Cherry Street! I started going when I moved into a place up the street, and its a great neighborhood bar. No one goes there because its fashionable or a hot spot. They go because they want to knock back a few good (and reasonably priced) beers, sit with their friends, maybe buy a pretty girl a drink, and eat really good nachos. The roast beef sandwiches are good too, but I have a really soft spot for the nachos. The bartenders are all really nice, and the bar itself beautiful. Warning: they like to serve large drinks! So, if you want a normal sized drink (think rum and coke, or g&t's, normal stuff like that) ask for the small or single size. Their shots are also reasonably priced as well!
5 stars because sometimes you just want a pitcher of beer of to drown your sorrows in or to revel in ecstasy with. 

...and you want the liberty to decide whether your pitch of beer is filled with Blue Moon, Guinness, Yuengling, or any of the other happy standards, which are accompanied by several delightful local Micro Brews.

Cherry Street's got that down home vibe complete with jukebox and veteran patrons who have probably been going to Cherry Street since 1975.

So if you're convinced that all bars have to have a theme, and that all bars have to serve the most mod cocktails, then 1) I've got unpleasant words for you and 2) Cherry Street don't give a shit about your fancy-pants ways.

But if you just wanna have a beer with your Friends (in Low Places, of course), come to Cherry Street and you're garaunteed to find a joint:
"Where the whiskey drowns
And the beer chases my blues away
And I'll be okay
I'm not big on social graces
Think I'll slip on down to the oasis
Oh, I've got friends in low places"
Wanting to relax for a bit after hours at the Franklin Institute we checked Yelp and found Cherry Street. Chill is what I felt when we walked in around lunchtime. Chill as in a nice vibe, no frills, relaxed kind of place.  We took a table in front of the bar and marvelled at the old dark wood bar. What struck me was how clean it was. None of that stale beer smell you get in other taverns. The menu is very limited but I think that's on purpose because they are making the food within eyesight and even the cook checks on you to see if you are fine, need anything etc. 
We both ordered the " Famous" Hot Roast beef. It was as good as any we've had and we enjoyed it. There was a domestic beer special on bottles for $3. Nice!  Service was very attentive. The cook may have been the owner because after we were done he returned to ask us how it was.  We enjoyed our meal in a pleasant environment.
This place was aweful.  There were about 4 or five persons in the bar, but the bartender was too busy chatting up the locals to notice me for about 10 minutes.  It went down hill from there.

I ordered a beer and a menu.  OK, she got that right.  I then ordered a sandwich based on some of the reviews here.  She asked if I wanted mustard, and I specifically said "No Thanks, just mayo".  Not only did the thing come with mustard, but the sandwich guy brought additional mustard.  WTF?  I began to eat my mustard sandwich and watch the guy making them.  Spooky.  I don't remember ever seeing him wipe the one knife he used for just about everything, nor did he wear gloves, clean the slicer etc..  Luckily I didn't get sick.

The "festivities" concluded with a second beer, this time served in a cracked glass for my amusement.  

These things were all mentioned to the bartender, no comps.  I guess she and the locals were too busy chatting to care.  

Will NEVER be back.  The health department might be though...
Never had a ruder bartender/ tanning bed horror jersey snooki impersonator in my life. Only 3 seconds after asking for our id's she said we did not have to be "smart asses". What kind of place hires people who nonchalantly cuss out the customers five seconds into the order? It isn't our fault they took ten minutes to get to us, within those ten minutes they were talking to each other, most likely about how much makeup they should have been wearing to cover up those faces. Yeesh. Horrible. Crap. No.
I am sad because I don't live around the corner any longer but definitly drop in when I am near it.  Great jukebox, good sandwiches and cold beer means good times for me.
Love Cherry Street.  It's truly a neighborhood spot, but it has a very loyal following of west market street business folks.  My father tells me every time I'm in there with him that Rollie Massimino brought the entire Villanova Squad in there for hot roast beef sanwhiches after a game at the Wachoiva Center one weekend back in the 90's.    It's got that cozy corner bar feeling without being kind of dirty like some can be, and the hot roast beef and roast pork sandwiches are amazing.  They also have a pretty huge television in the backroom for your sports watching purposes.  Nothing fancy, no frills, just a solid spot and I'm glad to call it my corner bar.
Been coming here for years and it is the perfect neighborhood spot to have a few beers and the most unbelievable Hot Roast Beef Sandwich (others claim that the pork is great too, but I've never strayed from the HRB).  MOST of the bartenders are fantastic (Gina especially rocks) and I've never had a rotten time here.  If you are looking for a gourmet cheese plate (I'm referring to a previous review) go elsewhere! Great to watch a game, grab a beer after work, last drink of the night on your way home, you name it.
They have beer on tap
There's no definitive draw
Kind of eh, whatev

I'd definitely classify this as a super laid back neighborhood bar where the locals may stare for a moment if you're an unfamiliar face strolling through the door. I wouldn't classify it as the type of neighborhood bar I enjoy, however.

I work nearby a few days a week so I go here all the time for a quick bite before evening meetings or a beer or two afterward. The biggest draw for the place is the proximity, not the ambiance or quality.

Let's start with the good. They have a decent beer selection which usually includes some local brews and always a porter or two aside from Guinness. They have a lot of space for seating, and the back room has a decently sizeable TV for watching games. There seems to be a good amount of Hockey fans here, so it's likely a great Flyers place as well.

The thing about the place is that I can't think of any real reason to go back, or to recommend it to anyone else. The food sometimes comes out hot, sometimes lukewarm. The beer is always cold but overall the drinks are a little on the steep side for what the place is. It's a little too loud and the tables could definitely stand a wipe down from a clean rag. The people aren't overly friendly, but they're not terribly rude either (most of the time.)

Really, I have nothing much to say about Cherry St. other than "eh, I've been there. I'll be there again. It is what it is."
A relaxed neighborhood spot was what we found when we stopped in one night for a drink or two. We sat at the big old dark wood bar and drank a couple of pitchers with our tasty roast beef sandwiches. The experience was completely friendly, old schooly feeling, and homey. It's the kind of atmosphere that  I'd likely envision when a joint has "Tavern," in the name. Cherry St. Tavern is quite taverny. It's true. 

We had to hightail it outta there, though, when some patron loaded the jukebox with the entire catalog of the songs of Bob Seger. 

I just like to act like that was my angry last-straw outburst, "Seger? Now you've gone too far. Rrrarrrrarrgg rampage!"

Truth is we had to take off as we had places to go and people to see, and this was just a lil snack and some drinks pit stop. Had we not made plans, I coulda hung out there all night and snarked it up about Bob Seger songs while curiously knowing way too many of their lyrics.

 I'd explain that classic rock station that used to play constantly in the Baskin Robbins I worked at as a kid was ridiculously Seger heavy. Maddeningly so. And now the sound of Seger trigger... such... rage.... oddly coupled with the sporadic belting out of gravelly-voiced singing impressions. 

Anyway, enough about my psychosis. This is supposed to be all about a comfortable neighborhood tavern that's a perfect stop for pitchers and good roast beef sandwiches.
I've never received such poor service in my life. I've worked in the industry and was absolutely appalled by the way the "bartender" spoke to my boyfriend and I. After sitting at the bar for 5 mins waiting for someone to notice our presence, the young female bartender arrived from another room and began stocking the bar. No big, someone needs to do it. After she completed that task, she started chatting with a friend at the end of the bar. We're going on 10 mins. here now people. I got up and asked her if we could please have 2 beers, to which she responded "WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN WAITING LONG OR SOMETHING??!?! DID I SEE YOU????" See, that's not really my issue to figure out. I shouldn't have been waiting at all. The way the interaction works is you ask what I want, I tell you, then I pay you for it; a simple exchange. Instead, it turned into me getting scolded and this awesome conveyor of customer service returning to talk to her friend, within ear shot, about me, my boyfriend and our simple request that she fulfill her duties as the tender of bar. This interaction turned a neighborhood bar that we once loved into a place we never returned again. 

2 stars for the other staff, the historical aspect and the roast beef sandwiches, just do yourself a favor and don't even step over the threshold when the younger bartender is working.
Great bar, good selection of local brews and the sandwiches are solid, packed full of meat and the ideal partner to a cold brew.

The back bar is definitely lacking in atmosphere, I would suggest always being in the front bar even if it means you have to stand.  The jukebox is the standard fare and you can generally find anything you want.

It tends to get fairly busy with the after work crowd on a Friday evening but seems to calm down after about 8.  One of my favourite spots to while the evening away with a beer, watching the baseball.

Staff are generally friendly and helpful.  The urinals have even been upgraded with a flush in the last year, classy.
Nice small tavern kinda pricey on the food considering what you get. The nicest thing about this place is probably how old it is and the classic feel of oldetime philly that you get here. As for food, i ordered a corned beef reuban which was just Ok and pretty small. It also came with a bag of chips which for me is a meal killer. Anyplace that gives out a bag of chips is a joke if you ask me.....I mean there's a million better options that you can do; doling out a bag of chips says you don't want to be creative and maybe you just don't care.
Step up your game guys!!! The bar is too nice to flounder on the food.
We had a really bad experience. We had to wait 2 full hours for our sandwich. Here's the details: Toooooooooooooooo long a wait. Our friend wasn't feeling well and we were hoping to grab a quick sandwich and this place popped up in our yelp search. We waited literally ONE HOUR for our first appetizer because the waiter repeatedly telling us the food will be "coming right up"- he could just be honest with us and tell us they had a busy kitchen that day. When we finished our appetizers our friend at this time has developed a fever and we finally tell the waiter we  really need to leave and asked if they have made our sandwich yet. They told us no - almost TWO HOURS after we set down at our table. We are extremely unhappy about this place and would strongly advise against going there.
A true neighborhood dive. Charming, quaint, and welcoming, it feels like this place has been around for forever. After being closed for about 6 months, they opened up again about 4 weeks ago in September and I am so glad they did! 

Bill, the owner, was warm and welcoming. Menu was limited (but plenty) as they are just opening up again. Great beer selection and spaced out tables. I hope this place never goes out of business.
Yelpers I'm confused.. This was a clean place and had some decent beers but when we ordered the crackers and cheese we were confused with how crackers from a ritz package and pieces of gross cheese cost five bucks. It also took about 10 minutes to pay for the drinks and food because no one was tending the bar for a while and when someone was actually there, they blew past us.
I have been coming here for 20 years. We were asked to leave one evening because my nephew was wearing a tank top. My nephew was wearing a loose fitting Pokémon sleeveless tank. It was 95 degrees that day. The bartender told me that they have a rule that men cannot wear sleeveless shirts.
This was news to me. I have been there before where men were wearing sleeveless.
There is no sign stating this rule and their website clearly states: "casual attire".
Obviously I won't go back or recommend to anyone.
Where everybody knows your name. 
Neighborhood tavern with great ambience.  
No, ambience is not the right word.  
This is a friendly place two blocks from home. 
Walk to it. Drink. Walk home. 
I love it.
My favorite bar in Philadelphia. A surprisingly great beer selection, solid nachos and their famous roast beef sandwich. They usually have decent specials too. They are also the only bar in the neighborhood with a dart board which is alway fun. I bring all of my out of town friends there. No better bar around.
Anyone who gives this bar less than 5 stars is out of their mind! Bill is super friendly and has a deli slicer right at the side bar out in the open where he slices his roast beef and provolone. Nothing to hide here! Serving food til midnight everyday and sometimes later. Good drinks good vibes! Everything I could ask for from a local bar!
Yummy good beef dip sandwiches!  Pretty good prices, a nice place to grab a sandwich and a beer while you"re downtown.
very casual place to stop in for a beer after work or on a sunday afternoon. It's literally the corner bar.
my work xmas party was held here last nite. The staff was AWESOME and honestly they have one of the best hot roast beef sandwiches in town!
This lovely taproom falls somewhere between a corner dive and a cool beer-bar. Its history definitely lies in the corner dive era, but in recent years it has evolved into a cool little spot with a nice selection of craft-brew taps. It seems to be a family-owned joint, with the fatherly figure slicing the roast beef and serving the sandwiches, and the daughterly figure pulling the drafts. Back in the day this was a shot-and-beer hot-roast-beefery, but since Logan Square has evolved into an upscale neighborhood, it now caters to local residents who desire a good roast beef sandwich and a tasty draft micro-brew. It's such an old historical taproom that its tile floor still sports a trough beneath the old wooden bar, which legend has it, the all-male patrons of the early 1900s used as a urinal. These days females are quite welcome, so the trough is now just an interesting conversation-piece. If you're from the neighborhood, or are visiting the many museums in the Logan Square area, stop by for a bit of liquid barley refreshment and a sliced-to-order hot-beef sandwich, and you'll be one happy customer.
This review is just for a quick round of drinks...

This place has all the old fashioned charm that I love in a bar. The old tiled floor, dark wood walls and dimly lit bar...all while the smell of fresh roast beef sandwiches filled the air. This was the perfect spot of a late afternoon Sunday drink.
Awesome staple corner bar! Awesome prices and great dive spot. A good hh or late night drink spot
I've been coming here for awhile. I belong to a group that has meetings here. This is a perfect dive bar- unassuming, unpretentious, a little rough around the edges but clean, good beer, bar food, no french fries though. They always have a nice selection on tap and more in bottles. Nothing too fancy, but Dogfishhead and Troegs are regualrly on tap. 

The food is really good. Again, bar food with no french fries, so nothing fancy here either, but delicious. I've had their hot roast beef and tuna fish sandwiches, and last night had a hot roast pork with sharp provolone. The pork was so juicy and tender. 

If you grew up aorund Philly, going to the corner bar for hot roast beefs with your parents when you were little, stop in for a bite. It's as good as the little neighborhood places I remember growing up.
I thought I would love this place. A nice hole in the wall with cheap beer. Ended up not being impressed because of one reason- the service was sub par. My group got a table in the back room and was told there was a waitress. Well, we were left there forgotten and we were not the only group back there. Anyway it was fine, we just ordered and paid through the bar, but we should not have had too. Also it was really warm inside making it a bit uncomfortable.
OK it's a tavern, so we know drink specials and drinks should be awesome, and they are.
What you wouldn't know is awesome is their bomb chicken salad.  Who came up with this recipe?  They deserve a Nobel Prize for best chicken salad. Ever.  

That is all.  Go find out for yourselves.
I don't eat much red meat but the hot roast beef sandwich here is to die for! 

The turkey chili is equally yummy!
Love this place!!!!!!  We have a house a block away and have been here 5 times. Sandy is the best barmaid and the Roast Beef sandwiches are superb!!!!  Highly recommended if you're looking for a cool neighborhood bar with good pricing!!!!!
The best neighborhood bar around. Owner and staff make you feel like a regular, the hot beef sandwiches are absolutely incredible, all around great place to be.
The local bar where you want them to learn your name! Fantastic chili and roast beef sandwiches.
This place is everything a neighborhood bar should be!  It has a friendly vibe and lots of locals.  It is right around the corner from the Franklin Institute and a short walk from museums along the parkway.  Once inside you see a huge bar that looks like it is right out of the Wild West.  The bartender are expert and the list of draft beers is solid.
The menu is small but has a must order item on it, the hot roast beef sandwich may look like a heart attack on a bun but if you are going to go, this is your ticket to heaven!  OMG!  The best roast beef sandwich in the world!  (Get the American cheese on it-delish!).  Can't lose if you order this.  Comes with a crispy pickle and a big pot of horseradish which you should slather on your RB with abandon!  This thing is huge but surprisingly light, juicy, and flavorful.
Cherry street is close to home, and we always know what we're going to get.  It is a small corner bar that generally has the same clientele and same vibe.  Cherry street has great prices and is always consistent.  You always know you can go for a fun time and not have to spend too much.  Its a great place to swing by on our home after we've gone out to dinner or for a drink beforehand.  

However, I think Cherry street could benefit from a refreshed menu.  If you are hungry, there aren't great options.  Lots of people love the Roast Beef sandwich, and I may be minority in this opinion, but if you're not a huge meat eater, like me, there aren't too many other options.
What a nice place! It's very low key and friendly. I was hungry for a sandwich on my way home from work and finally stopped in for a roast beef! It was a relaxing time and I will definitely come again.
I struggled with this review. The place is a nice space small bar with seating around the bar and in the back. It was pretty obvious by the behavior of the bartender that this is kind of a locals only spot. She spent a lot of time on her phone, talking to regulars including getting a neck massage from one. When we were served drinks and thanked her she did not reply and walked away after throwing down our updated tab on the bar. Just fly kind of frustrated and annoyed.

We got a 6 pack and roast beef sandwiches to go. Sandwich is really good. I doubt we will return.
One of my close friends introduced me to Cherry St. Tavern because her fiance lives around the corner and it's their go-to spot for beer in a laid-back environment.  Something about the place reminds me of my grandparents' basement, but in a good way.  It's just a comfortable place to be.  

Pitchers are available, food is basic but pretty darn good (especially while trying to soak up the alcohol), there's a juke box filled with classics and last but not least, there is a super cute bartender.  What else could a girl need?
Being a resident of Logan Square, I have been determined (for three (3) years now) to love this bar b/c it is my "neighborhood bar".  However, I've given this establishment more than enough chances and I cannot say enough about the unfriendly and unwelcoming bar staff.  The female bartenders act like they "belong in LA", and cannot wait for the clientele to leave the bar. This bar is nothing more than a "hole in the wall" and the least they can do is hire friendly staff who welcomes locals.
The last two times I've been here there's been issues:. About two months ago they served me a roast beef sandwich on a long roll - which bastardized the sandwich!
 I get it, they ran out of kaisers, but that should have been brought to my attention before making the sandwich ... I shouldn't have accepted it because it's a totally different sandwich when not on a kaiser. Don't get burned like I did - make sure they have kaisers.

2/18 8ish: Four of us ordered sandwiches and they all came out at different times, spread out over about a half hour. The owner's son and the guy making the food were doing the best they could, but they seemed to be getting very little help from the waitress. I don't know if she was stoned on something, simply overwhelmed (it WAS crowded), but the place needed help with the tables. There were sandwiches sitting out way too long all over the top of the bar near the carving station, that shouldn't be happening. My wife actually had to go to the bar to get our check ... I like this place, I don't want to see it go under. 
The nachos and roast beef were still great.
I live right around the corner and just like the idea of going out in the neighbourhood on a weeknight and getting (gasp ) one drink , but the bartender gave me the stinkeye for closing my tab after one drink and told
Me "just for next time, the bar has a $10 minimum for credit cards" which I've never heard at ANY bar. Sorry I'm not an alcoholic and I don't want more than one drink on a weeknight...
This bar has a cool vibe. Limited menu, great beers on tap. The happy hour was a good deal with $1 off beers. Ended up getting a Bell's Two Hearted for $4.50, cant beat that. We'll be back!
This is a great neighborhood bar. Super friendly Bartenders, amazing sandwiches and they always have great music. Good place to watch the game and hang with friends (or stop in for a drink alone). If you're in the area, stop in! They have more than just the basics on draft. Awesome spot!
You come here for the atmosphere. It's a neighborhood bar where you have a lot of regulars and meet the most interesting people. The staff is extremely friendly and they are known for their sandwiches. You could goto another place for the food, but won't have the same welcoming environment.
