I'll be honest, I haven't been to too many Chipotle locations in my lifetime, but out of the few that I have, this one is my favorite. The meats and veggies taste fresh and the employees don't skimp out on them at all (even on that GUAC! Totally worth the extra $2!)

I usually go here in the evening and there is always a line. No need to worry about having to wait too long though because the line moves quickly! The staff really keeps things going!

The space is big, and although I always take my order to go, I wouldn't mind grabbing a seat and dining in. Everything is kept clean and tidy which is normally a concern for me with fast food chains. 

As long as the staff stays just the way they are and they keep giving me healthy portions of that guac ;), I will definitely be keeping this location my Chipotle of choice!
This is my go to Chipotle when I am craving it, about once every couple of months. So far I've had a positive experience and food has been fresh and tasty. The person who made my bowl last night's was particularly effective - she had it ready in almost under a minute!
This review is not about the food, but the bad and slow service, and sometimes on top of that; you might get some attitude. The food itself is ok, and boy I love Chipotle.  Since I live nearby, I go ( and will still keep going) there whenever I'm lazy and starving, or if I'm simply craving some Chipotle burrito bowl. If it wasn't for the Bowl, I wouldn't cope with the crappy service, which it, to be honest, a hit or miss. One other thing won't be easily missed: The ridiculously long lunchtime line. 

Three Yelps.
This location should really take a page out of the 15 and Walnut store and learn from example. I have never been in a Chipotle as slow as this one and what was most alarming was that there were well over 5 staff members in the space seemingly idle while people stood in line just waiting. I anticipated a much faster experience at 4pm.

I still give it two stars because the food at Chipotle is a blessing on this earth.
I know, I know. The pork problem. Blah Blah Blah. I don't care- I like Chipotle. Its a quick and convenient lunch option close to my office. Sure, sometimes the line is long, but the staff moves it pretty quickly. The flavor of the food is consistent and that's what I look for in a chain restaurant like this. 4 stars for being convenient, relatively quick, delicious, and predictable.
This place is kind of a crapshoot. The employees are young kids who are fairly incompetent and I'm a bit nervous about trusting my food safety to them. Some nights they have the A team working and other nights it's like some kind of strange performance art behind the line. Buuut, it's right next to the bus stop and is the quickest reasonably healthy meal I can grab after the gym that isn't Eat a Pita.
I love chipotle so this review is about the service. Let's just say I have never walked into Chipotle and had the workers roll their eyes at me (cashier in particular). I get it, you're tired and you want to go home, but all I want is a steak bowl. You made me feel like an evil person for wanting one at 9:50pm lmao.
I ordered the chicken bowl with a warm tortilla on the side and extra mild salsa. Convenient location and the food is consistently fresh! I would suggest going during off peak hours to avoid a little bit of a wait.
Used to love this place - would order and pickup lunch for the whole office and it was great. Easy online orders, always ready on time. Now I've been three times in a row an waited OVER half an hour each time. 

Nobody says sorry or offers any consolation. The staff is rude and doesn't keep me updated as to why they're SO late.  Very disappointing, was hoping they'd treat large pickup orders with more respect. 

Guess it's time to move our company's business to Qdoba.
Not only because I'm a gay man and this Chipotle location is in the gayborhood (which, inherently, earns it an extra star from me for the people-watching factor), but this really is pretty much as good as it gets for a Chipotle restaurant.

You usually can bank on a well-made entree here; and tables are kept in pretty good condition. People move in and out of here fast, so you typically can get a seat. And all that is what is most important when you go somewhere to eat.

If I had to nit-pick, it would be that they sometimes need to refill the tea, the ice, or the condiments on the self-serve counters. More often than not, they fill those things back up once you notify them. Hey, this is a location that gets a lot of people running through it, so maybe there is no way to avoid these situations from time to time. 

And, this certainly is not the super-friendliest Chipotle location, most likely because of the high amount of pass-through traffic here. For example, my ex and I used to hit the City Ave location all the time, and we got to know some of the crew there, and it almost felt like a neighborhood location there. But this is fast food, and you can pretty much expect that not many of the workers stick around very long anyways; kind of like people renting at apartments, right? It's a fast-paced industry where people swerve in and out quite often.

All-in-all, besides spending half of my review by writing some relatively negative, ancillary stuff, we have a winner here!
Omg we loved Chipoltle! And I'm so glad they got their issues figured out. 
    Today while roaming around we ran across this store. And what a perfect day for it! Cold outside and warm inside. I love the Carnitas burrito and Bf loves the bowl. Our food was quite fabulous tonite. It been quite awhile. 
    We sat looking at the line workers and two asian guys were staring looking at the menu trying to figure it out. So I swallowed and told them how it works. They both got bowls and sat down to eat!  Everybody happy happy happy!! Sorry no pix... ate it all
I'll admit it.  I'm shamelessly addicted to Chipotle burrito bowls.  The ingredients are fresh, and I have no idea what they marinate their chicken in or what secret ingredient they use in their guac, but there's just no recreating it at home.  

I will agree with the general sentiment that the line is always long, but it moves pretty quickly.  Also, don't bother with the online ordering at this location.  Almost a half dozen times (...should I be ashamed that I have THAT much experience with this?) I've arrived and my order hasn't been ready.  I've gotten every reason in the book: "online ordering is down", "the receipt didn't print", "we were waiting until you arrived so we could make it fresh"... I could go on.  Just wait in the line.
Chipotle is perfectly A-OK for what it is: a large serving of above average fast food for a low price.

With the selections of entirely customizable burritos, burrito bowls, tacos and salads, your meal can be as healthy or as unhealthy as you choose.  Carne asada burrito with double meat, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, please-hold-the-veggies anyone?

This location gets away with inefficient, though friendly, service because they are in a great spot for foot traffic with few similar options nearby.  I highly recommend ordering ahead online to save time.  You need to be a little bit aggressive when bypassing the line to pay and pick-up (or you will likely be ignored), but you can usually be on your way with your ample amounts of tasty, fake Mexican food within minutes.  Note that their different levels of "hot" do not include anything that my palate actually registers as spicy.

If you are dining in, this Chipotle has unexpectedly nice seating for a fast food restaurant both indoors and out.  There is a lot of car and bus traffic if you sit outside, but the stellar people watching opportunities usually make up for it.
Very rarely do I have poor service AND a poor meal, but this established accomplished both. Now let me start this by saying that I have Chipotle at 2 other locations which were actually really good. This place, however, needs some serious changes. First off, the people working there have no sense of customer service. They are rude, inconsiderate, and just sit behind the counter talking to each other instead of interacting with their guests (especially the tall black guy with earrings, if I took over this place he would be the first one I'd fire). Second, the food was just plain terrible. My steak was cold and the chicken my girlfriend got was burnt but also served cold. There are plenty of other fine options in the area so avoid this place at all costs!
When you are very very hungry, just go to this place!!!! Good people nice smiles and awesome food!!! Always love it here.
I end up at this location for lunch quite often since I work in Center City. My experiences have been mixed. They get a ton of traffic and the speed of service never suffers. Things that do occasionally suffer: food quality, consistency in portion sizes, employee friendliness and accuracy in ringing up your order.
Let me start this review by saying; I actually really like Chipotle food and what the company stands for.  That being said, this location has some of the douchiest employee I've ever experienced in a fast food, quick service, etc restaurant.  I understand that restaurants, just like all businesses, run out of items and thats not what upset me about my recent trip to Chipotle.  I went to the restaurant at 8:45pm on a friday, over an hour before closing, and walked up to order.  The staff was cleaning while is an awesome thing, but they turned around and huffed that they had to stop.  No acknowledgement that I was there and they walked away, and came back and with a pissed off attitude asked me what I wanted.  They actually didn't have what I wanted, so I left.  But I have to say, I don't think I'll be going back.  Chipotle has good food but to be blunt is overpriced to start with and adding the attitude doesn't really make me want to go back again.
By far the worst burrito bowl I've ever gotten from a chipotle. Skimped on everything rice, beans and meat. The service is horrible too everyone gives you horrible attitudes and looks. I don't recommend going here especially since there is another mexican place thats fast, good service, and good food a block away. Not worth it.
Great place, but I took a star away for inconsistency.  Sometimes they give a good amount for your money with the burrito bowl, other times they barely fill it.  Also, they run out of ingredients often.
In my opinion there are two types of chipotle employees: the ones who scoop deep, and the ones who are dead to me. Haha fortunately they are not skimpers over here!!

I'm a shameless chipotle addict, similar to many others I'm sure. Luckily for my mid-section, my new apartment is a little more of a hike from here. The line is always pretty long, being smack dab in the middle of bustling midtown village, but this location is just as, if not more, efficient and I'm never in line more than 5 mins, even if the line is all the way around the place. 

I just can't stay away, so I'm happy to say this is a clean, happy, quick location with plentiful seating where I can fill all of my greatest chipotle desires!
After visiting this chipotle I can understand why they've been making so many people so sick across the country

This is the third chipotle that I've eaten at in as many weeks

this one is dirty the staff at rather untrained they talked internally rather than serving customers 

and I could not believe that they did not have lettuce a five minute wait to get lettuce with a burrito bowl

I would walk down the street and eat anywhere but here
I'd rather have potbelly...

But oh well yet another chipotle. I mean some days I'll be in the mood for it I guess, it's a little better than qdoba, but less options, but it's further away...

So hard to make a decision between the two.

Burritos are alright, I mean what do you expect from a fast food joint with the typical "mexican" ingredients in little containers being plopped down on a tortilla.
The barbacoa is a nice thought, but it's really not that flavorful.
As a student, chipotle is a perfect place to eat good without spending a lot of money. Most of the time I would order the burrito bowl and it would fill me for hours until I am hungry. A chicken burrito bowl without drinks or chips is only around 7 dollar which is very student friendly. Plus the food is always fresh, it is not fast food restaurant where you are not sure if the meat you are eating are processed meat or real meat. Chipotle keep it real and prepare the food in front of you! 

The staff on this location is really nice and friendly. The seating arrangement is well-thought-out. Highly recommended for people that don't want to spend a lot of money but want amazing Mexican food.
The food here is awesome but this is the second Chipotle I've had to change a baby on the floor. 

Why you have no changing tables?
Eh. 

I know they get a lot of traffic and I try to be extra friendly, but I'm still treated with a cold expressionless face from every employee at this location. They also routinely underserve me and I'm not sure if it's because I'm petite, but it's quite irritating having to ask for the same amount of food as every other person in line. "Can I please have more meat?" "could you please add more lettuce?" This gets really old and makes me sound like a whiny customer. 

On the upside, it tastes good and I always enjoy my meal.
Take me back to rolling into Chipotle after chem lab. Take me back to hitting up this franchise for some group catering. Take me back to a burrito so big, you need two tortillas to wrap that monster. 

But please DO NOT take me back to this chipotle. This is just about the worst Chipotle I've ever had in my life. The rice was blatantly burnt beyond belief. Folks im not talking abt a few black rice pieces, Im talking spoons of brown overdone nonsense. Im talking crunching so loud youd think you were eating raw rice. The saddest part is that, it was so obviously burnt but they didnt have the decency to at least change it out.

Then came the sides/meats. Its a franchise, meaning there should be a straightforward recipe in place. For whatever reason that wasn't the case. Everything just seemed off and not reminiscent of the good ole Chipotle times.

Then the service. I was greeted quite rudely by a lady. No 'hi' or 'how are you doing' I wanted to ask for a tortilla to go but her attitude, suggested it might not go well.

Then icing on the cake, its more expensive then any other Chipotle Ive ever been to! You should not wat here so bang to buck is effectively 0.

Food-1/5
Bang:Buck Ratio-0/5
I've been here a couple times recently. The first two weren't bad, nothing to write home about.  

Tonight the girl rolling my burrito ripped it near in half, I watched her pretend not to notice the juices spilling out of it as she wrapped the foil around it.  

I ask for it to be re-rolled on another tortilla but they can't take food back so they want to do the whole thing again free of charge of course, very nice of them.  

A different employee rips it again, smaller rip but ended up just eating it with a fork. First girl who rolled the burrito looked at me like I'm an asshole while she passed the burrito to the cashier.  

I was as polite as I could be, it's not something that ruined my day and I got to keep the first one and I'm sure someone will want it on my walk home. Just a little frustrated with how often chipotle employees roll a burrito into a ball and act surprised when it tears.
I got the chicken tacos and honestly they were disgusting. I threw them out. Barely any meat and your staff seems clueless. They couldn't even figure out my order that was pretty simple. I don't recommend at all. Stay away.
do YOU know about gaypotle?

gaypotle (n): a magical place that appeared when i wished for it; a multi-seat fishbowl style complex from which you can creep on ghood dwellers; the east-of-broad [more convenient] location of equally tasty establishment referred to as chipotle. see also: heaven, scrumptious.

get some wifi and i'll promptly move in.
So long as you come to Chipotle and/or similar fast Mexican joints during the busy lunch hour or so you should be provided with a fresh, tasty meal.  But if you happen to stroll into Chipotle around 3pm or so beware that you meal may not turn out so fresh.
Because the meats and such are prepared by the pan-full they tend to sit being continually heated during off-peak times and dry up like the Sahara.  Consider yourself warned so it is definitely worth waiting in a long line for a fresh burrito ;)
I'm surprised by all the negative reviews.  I love this Chipotle location.  the staff is very friendly - especially during Covid times.  I'm reviewing today because I just tried the new cauliflower rice in my burrito bowl and it was EXCELLENT - better than any cauliflower rice I've tried to make at home.  It's also great that a fast-casual place offers healthier options!
Sometimes meh. Sometimes great. The experience has always been hit or miss for me depending on who is working there, how agreeable and funny they are and how generous they are. (After 10-ish trips to this location.) Del's chicken is among the best I've ever eaten.
This Chipotle is my favorite location in Center City! I live really close to the one on 15th and Walnut, but I always walk an extra 4 blocks to come to this one because the service and food quality is so much better at this one! 

I always get a bowl with extra white rice, half chicken/steak, fajitas, hot salsa, verde, cheese, and then a vinaigrette to mix in. In my humble opinion, this is perfection! I really like the staff here, they always seem to be in a good mood and laugh with one another. They are also generous with the portions! 

I wanted the regular size chips and guac, but they only had large bags of chips left for the day. So they gave me a large guac for the price of the regular. I was happy they made that swap for me! Love this Chipotle! Highly recommend walking a few extra blocks to go to this location!
