CinCin is the kind of restaurant that when you're hiking the Tour du Mont Blanc, and pausing on some alp to chat with another couple you've just met, and it turns out they're from the Philly area, they'll say that they come to CinCin every Sunday night for dinner.  The place has that kind of well-deserved loyalty and reputation. 

We did a recent takeout order. If you haven't been there, they have a very good COVID compliant pickup arrangement. In fact, the riskiest thing is probably driving into and out of the fairly small parking lot. It is, however, very convenient.

We started with an order of pan fried dumplings (note, the printed menu does not specify, but these are meat dumplings), which were rated very high by a Deputy Yelper in the household. Eggplant in hot garlic sauce (not super-spicy, just right) was excellent with perfected cooked Asian eggplants. The Tofu in Black Bean sauce was a bit plain, but satisfying just the same - tofu with a fried-chewy texture, and the accompanying veggies perfectly al dente. Deputy Yelper described their Szechuan Pepper Basil Lamb as "fabulous." 

The really nice details: yes, brown rice. Also, if you want leftovers, their serving size sets you up very nicely. I'd say that the typical vegetable or poultry order ($12-$13) is really two adult servings. Some other entrees are priced a little higher, but this is a very affordable menu overall taking into account serving size. They included enough mustard, soy and duck sauce packets for small army, plus numerous teabags. Nice touch for a takeout order.  And, as you guessed, fortune cookies with some pretty funky fortunes - and not at all stale!
On the next to last day before all restaurants were asked to close for eat-in dining due to the COVID-19 corona virus, I met a friend at the Asian/French Fusion eatery Cin Cin in Chestnut Hill - for dinner.  It was an easy walk for both of us to meet there and my friend patronizes this establishment often, I only have dined here twice before.  As I remembered,  Cin Cin is very prettily decorated inside - just enough Asian accents and art works to impress and the color scheme suggests upscale.  And service was friendly - especially since my friend is a regular.

But then the food started coming and man was I disappointed.  What I was served was one of the most mediocre Asian fusion meals I've ever tasted.  I began with a mushroom and goat cheese strudel.  Okay I come from the land of strudels where Austrian chefs consider its creation as an art form.  Here it was mushy, with canned mushrooms or mushrooms that had long ago been cooked, and just where was the distinctive goat cheese flavor?  The main course was more of the same.  The Mongolian lamb had no spice at all despite being called spicy) and the chili crisp they brought over to add to it at my request was equally bland.  The consistency of the lamb was almost no different from the stir-fried Chinese egg plant accompanying this entree.  And there was way too much corn starch used in its preparation as it had the shine of a new car.  The lychee fruit for dessert was my favorite part of the meal although I have no idea why they were served on ice cubes which had def started to melt.  

Now my friend ordered what he joked he has ordered for years - crispy spring rolls, sweet and sour pork, and a mud pie for dessert.  He loved it as always - even though the sweet and sour pork used more corn starch than my main dish did and was even shinier.  I guess Cin Cin is mostly patronized by regulars these days .... but after eating in some top Asian Fusion restaurants in Center City Philadelphia as well as in Vienna,  I won't bother eating here again when we are allowed to again dine out in restaurants and the corona virus has been brought under control.   What a shame as well!.  It's so close to where I live.
A lot has been written about how Cin Cin is a "typical" Chestnut Hill restaurant. I suspect those reviews were written by people who don't live here. We do not all live in big houses and drive Jags or Range Rovers. A lot of us live in 60-year-old row houses and drive 5-year-old Hyundais.

In fact, just about every stereotype you can think of to describe us "Hillers" gets knocked down pretty quickly if you spend any time at all here.

So the first thing I'd like to say is that Cin Cin is not a "typical" Chestnut Hill restaurant. That's because there IS no such thing as a "typical" Chestnut Hill restaurant. We have a few shot-and-beer joints, a truly world-class neighborhood bar (McNally's), a couple of pizza joints (only one of them, Fiesta, is worth a visit), a few Chinese places, a quirky little side-street cafe, an Italian place, a Persian restaurant (good, but wish it was better), a sit-down French bakery, a truly killer sandwich shop, a seafood restaurant ... and I could go on, but I can't think of one that would fit the stereotype. Our restaurants generally are not all that expensive (I've spent more at the Cheesecake Factory in K of P), and I really can't think of one of our restaurants that I would describe as snooty.

Anyway, the review. We started going to Cin Cin when my daughter was in grade school. She's old enough to have a nice glass of wine with us now, and we still go there, usually 2-3 times a month. Henry Lee, the manager, greets us by name. (Once, when our daughter was about 16 and feeling a bit under the weather, my wife and I went there for a quick bite on a Friday night. Henry asked where she was. When we told him she wasn't feeling great, he came out with a big bag of chocolate-dipped fortune cookies for her to eat when she was better. We've never forgotten that. Henry is a mensch.)

And yup, sometimes we have to wait, even when we've made a reservation. It's because Cin Cin really is that packed most of the time. And what does that tell you about how good Cin Cin is? It's well worth the wait.

The kitchen is super-fast, the servers get it right every time (they've had the same waiters for years), busboys clear and reset tables like it's a magic act, and the food is delicious and unlike any standard-fare Chinese food I've had anywhere in the U.S. The only place I can think of that comes close is a restaurant (now closed, I think) called Germaine's in Georgetown.

A couple of reviewers have described Cin Cin as pan-Asian, and I think that's right. It's billed as French fusion, but in all the years I've been stuffing my face there, I've never gotten that part of it.

There's a good deal of attention to detail at Cin Cin. At most strip shopping center Chinese places, one dish pretty much looks like the next. You could easily confuse the stringy, fatty chicken with the stringy, fatty pork. The sauces are thick, gloppy and unappetizing. The veggies are droopy and almost unrecognizable as veggies, heavy on the cheap-o water chestnuts. (And is it just me, or do all of those joints smell like someone just lit a giant Sterno can?)

At Cin Cin, the animal protein is all (gasp!) recognizable as shrimp, pork, beef, or however it's described on the menu. And the meats aren't all one big mass of gristly, cheap connective tissue--they're prime cuts. The veggies are crisp. Every sauce is different from the next. Everything on your plate is fresh as it can be. And the presentation? You're afraid to eat it because it's so dang pretty. (Without being fussy.)

The building itself (they used to park ambulances there before Cin Cin 's owners bought it and gutted it) is just pleasantly and tastefully attractive. Not overdone, and no cheesy butterfly fans and red lanterns.

I highly recommend the cheesesteak egg rolls (yo, Adrian, it's a PHILADELPHIA Chinese restaurant), the shrimp with honey walnuts, the crab cakes in a terrific mustard sauce, and the sake wild-peppered chicken. (By the way, when you see those two little stars indicating "very spicy," they absolutely mean it. Eater, beware.)

A few folks have commented about the quality of the desserts. I haven't had anything there that I haven't liked a lot. The fried banana is very good, maybe the best. But somehow we always wind up with dishes of green tea ice cream. Yum.

In contrast with strip-mall Chinese restaurants, which have menus that go on for page after page with loads and loads of choices (that somehow, mysteriously, all taste like kung pao chicken), Cin Cin has far fewer choices ... but what they DO have is just plain knock-your-socks-off superb every, every time.
Oh, the reviews have been a flyin' lately for Cin Cin, and since it's in my hood I'll chime in and add my two cents worth. Yes, I am one of those aforementioned suburbanites who drive a luxury SUV and I am proud of it. I did my time in Brooklyn and Philly and now I'm reaping the rewards of selling out to the man professionally (pre-Yelp, of course) and saving my pennies along with my dude. Yeah me! Guess that makes me a yipster - I'll keep rocking my tattoos and purple hair while driving my kids around in the BMW as long as I can possibly afford it. Luckily, I'm neither foolish or into mediocracy, so I take no offense to Eric's review (love you, mister!)  :)

Now that I've gotten that off my chest, I'll talk about Cin Cin. It's pretty, and pretty expensive, too, which is why I get my Chinese fix from Lucky Star in Roxborough when I don't need delivery. Cin Cin's cuisine is supposed to be fancypants, but to me it tastes pretty average. One time I ate there for lunch with some girlfriends and the staff were super jerky, from the hostess to the waitress to the guy pouring the water. My usual fare of wonton soup and beef with broccoli was just ehhh - and the bad service really bummed me out.

If you need to eat Chinese food in an upscale environment, then this is an obvious choice. If you care about the food you're stuffing down your piehole, go somewhere else (the Lucky Star peeps are waiting just about 8 minutes down the road with open arms AND free calendars for New Years)!
At the Bed and Breakfast we stayed at, the host highly recommended CinCin. We asked ourselves if it was really a good idea to waste a dinner night on Chinese food in Philly. You see, we come from Queens with arguable the best Chinese food East of the Mississippi. But we went anyways because not listening to the host is just a foolish thing to do.

CinCin is a very popular restaurant. At 9pm, the place was filled with people who obviously have not had Chinese food in Flushing (ok ok, I'll stop.) They have a small parking lot, which in no way close can accomodate everyone. Street parking nearby was easy though.

The ambiance leans towards the higher end for a Chinese restaurant with dim candles and intricately folded napkins. It has small intimate tables as well as large party tables for the business dinners (and there were several functions going on when we were there.) 

I ordered off the specialty menu of the evening. 

- Dimsum appetizer with 3 shumai and 3 potstickers. Impressive shumai with very slippery texture. The skin was thin and the filling was moist and authentic. The potstickers were perfectly fried but the filling tasted like cheap meat. 

- Duck with spinach, apple jam, white rice. The duck was super good! They were smart enough to put only half the pieces inside the apple sauce because that apple ruined everything. Actually, it didn't even taste much like apples but more like just sweet sauce. Ew. Would have preferred Apple Jacks (they taste just like apples!)

- Seafood in flower basket. My fellow traveler wanted this because she is a girl and by design attracted to words like 'baskets.' The seafood was okay. The scallops were rubbery but the shrimp made up for it. Everything was covered in the signature American-Chinese cuisine sauce, which makde everything taste sweet and sour. The basket was made out of crispy fried noodles. She ate the entire thing. Ew.

CinCin is part fusion as they take influences from Western cuisines with stuff like wine sauce and apples (ew again). The Chinese side of the cuisin was a lot better than I expected. The service was ordinary but I could see the waiter really chatting it up with his regulars over at the business table. Although nothing extraordinary, CinCin fits the bill for some solid Chinese food in the NorthWest.
Even though... Food preparation, presentation and taste is fairly important when it come to eating out... CUSTOMER SERVICE IS EVERYTHING!
On 1/22/12  20 min befor 10pm I walked in to Cin Cin and and was basically told that it was too late for them to serve me but they sat me anyways. My late entry seemed to upset everyone and my waiter approached my table with noticeable aggravation. I didn't like how she spoke or even the way she turne and walked away frm me mumbling things under her breath so I simply got up after ordering my drink and left. 
I'm am really upset! I'm hungry and I'm disappointed mostly bcuz it was first time there after reading some good reviews  and now I just won't ever step foot in there again!
I debated 3 stars vs 4 stars for a couple of hours before I wrote my review. I went with 3 stars and here's why...

Wanton soup: For the ($2.75)price, you get a decent portion while dining in. The broth was very flavorful. It wasn't just full of salt and water. They had fresh cabbage or whatever that was in the soup. The wontons themselves were plump, fresh and firm. There wasn't any oil in this soup that I know of. I would like to say this might be one of my favorite wanton soups that I have ever tried. So 5/5 stars here.

Steamed dumplings: I asked her to bring out a couple of sauces to dip the dumplings in. I was assuming they wouldn't have much flavor without chili sauce added. I was wrong, they were actually pretty good without anything added to them. I thought the pork was seasoned well and they were generous with the amount they placed in each dumpling. The only issue was.. how much oil they coated these bad boys with. Holy hell, why must oil be added to everything? The piece of cabbage that the dumplings were resting on was covered in this slimy substance. 3/5 stars 

Spicy Szechuan chicken: okay, so this is where I struggled. I found the chicken to be very moist, it wasn't over cooked. The portion size was, eh, meh, nothing to write about. It's priced a little high for what you actually get. All of the veggies were fresh and cooked extremely well. Their mushrooms A+ 

Here's what ruined it.. the oil. I didn't realize how much oil was actually in this dish until I came home and ate a couple of bites. I wasn't able to eat it in the restaurant because my stomach started to hurt from the oil in the dumplings. 

Oh. My. Gosh. I'm physically in a lot of pain from eating this dish. I don't have a gallbladder, so oily foods do not sit well with me. As time goes on, it's actually getting worse. I find myself wanting to take another star off just because of the amount of pain I am in. 

Would I recommend this place? Eh, ya, I would. They have a nice ambience. Chestnut Hill isn't exactly the best place to go out to dinner, even though some people think it's the bees knees. So out of your other mediocre choices around here.. I would add it to your list.
Upscale Chinese restaurant in the heart of Chestnut Hill. While the food and service and ambiance was fine, for the price, I would most likely go to a place in Chinatown for food that is much cheaper and just as good if not better.

I would recommend this place if you prefer to have a nice dining room table Chinese experience, but for me personally, this is something that I do not care too much about.
This place doesn't deserve any stars for the health risk.  Overpriced poor quality and low grade Asian food.

We experienced food poison from dining here - resulting in days of stomach aches, vomiting and pain.

Entrees included lamb dish, soft shell crab, seafood fried rice, and green beans.

Eat at your own risk.
I am so glad that I'm not the only person that thought the food was overrated. Everything I ordered was a bit salty. The mud pie for dessert was pretty good but it wasn't all that creative. 

The ambiance is pretty cool if you want to feel like you're in a more upscale setting than the usual chinese takeout restaurant. If I were you, I would save my cash and go get takeout elsewhere....
First time at Cin-Cin.  I called in to make a reservation late on a Friday afternoon for that evening. They could get us in "no problem". Got there at 7PM, and man, was that joint jumpin'! Rooms & decor are very nice, high ceilings - better than I was expecting. They sat our party of 5 after about 10-15 minutes after arrival. Service was immediate, attentive and helpful. I'm not sure I would call the menu French-Asian Fusion, but I would definitely call it delicious Asian. As other reviewers on here have mentioned, much better meals than you'd ever get at a Chinese takeout. There were mixed reviews from our party of 5, but overall I was very pleased with my meal, and as usual, I reached over and sampled some of my wife's appetizer and entree, both were delicious. 

OK, I've checked my other reviews and realize it's a recurring problem - but I'm getting older and my hearing isn't what it used to be - but I'm telling you - THIS IS THE NOSIEST PLACE I'VE EVER BEEN FOR DINNER! Hands down biggest loser. It probably didn't help that we were seated next to the noisiest 4 top I've ever had the misfortune to be placed next to. They were well lubed, shouting above each other, and it caused every other table in the front room to have to yell to be heard. It honestly was THE cause for my rating to go down to a 3-Star from a 4-Star. If I go back to Cin-Cin on another evening and the decibel level is much lower, I'll come back to this review and correct it.
We have eaten here and in the groups other restaurants many times over the years.  Cin Cin is kind of classy Chinese with a lovely dining room, off street parking in Germantown! and  has waiters with some more polish then your average place.

The standards of Chinese food are only so so here although their sesame chicken is to die for.  I would not go out of my way to dine here.

They do kind of modern fusion Chinese that's fine as far as it goes, but I am a peasant I guess; I like the Chinese standards.  Cantonese, human, szechuan, dim sum...I love it all - just not a fan of the very well made style they cook here.

OTOH Mandarin Garden and Nectar - both members of the same group that operates Cin Cin are some of my favorites...go figure eh?
There were bugs in my wonton soup. I used to frequent cin cin for their convenience, looking past the slightly over priced and decent tasting food (not to mention the cold attitude of the woman at the counter). After this, however, I get sick at the thought of wondering what was in my food when I didn't realize in the past. Usually I would give them three stars but today they get one.  Truly disgusting to realize that after eating half of it. Sick gross.
So today I took my husband ( I came all the way from SW Philadelphia ) for dinner there for his birthday and the food was okay. The decor is very warm and inviting but I can not say the same for my server. I honestly can not tell you her name because she didn't introduce herself to us. I ordered the general tso chicken and my husband got the lamb. I did mention to the server that it was my husband's birthday in which she brought out a slice of chocolate rice cake for him at the end of our dinner. So once she gave us the check I proceeded to take my card out to pay. I notice I had $4 cash on me so I decided I'll give it to her in her hand but still adding more onto the charge. But why did the server decided to give me back my cash tip by placing it on my shoulder and said that my food was $80 (like I DONT KNOW). Little did she know that my intentions was to add more on the check. I could not believe that just happened...I've NEVER experience anything like this before in my entire life. I was embarrass....
I took my $4 back and now I'm regretting leaving $8 on my card for her. On my way out I did ask to speak with a manager and the kind lady at the bar ( I believe her name was Lin ) listen to my complaint and apologize on behave of the server. She did listen and informed me that the GM Harry is currently on vacation but she will definitely pass on my concern. She also gave me a $25 GC which was very thoughtful of her. I gave it a 2 star solely base on customer service.
I like whole steamed fish and grilled fish here!  And the desserts are fine!  I eat at Cin Cin several times but excepting when I got udon and scallops, I eat  whole steamed fish or grilled fish every time!
Cin Cin is well fancy fancy.  That said, when my then dining companion and I finally tried the place, I wasn't too impressed.  Service took a pretty long time as the place was packed.  I am was a little overwhelmed by the fanciness of the menu as well. 

When the food came, it was OK, but I am not sure if it was worth the price or if I was too happy with the overall experience to go back again.
This is fabulous, fabulous Chinese (pan-Asian, really) food. The best you've probably ever had.

Here's a sampling of what the rave is all about:

An appetizer at Cin Cin means $8.75 and gives you Wild Mushrooms & Goat Cheese Strudel. A winning entree means $11.50 and gives you Brandy-Infused Szechuan Beef (julienned strips of beef in an awesome infused Hoisin sauce). 

See? It's not really Chinese. See for yourself . . .
How to make a reasonable approximation of Cin Cin:
1. Use entrees from any Chinese takeout, and divide them into thirds
2. Sell 1/3 entrees for $9
3. Offer still hungry customers alcohol, appetizers, and dessert
4. Profit

Maybe the food is a little bit better than takeout. My shrimp pad thai had big delicious shrimp, but there were only four. I had to pay individually for each 6 oz serving of diet coke. In my opinion, too expensive for lunch, not nice enough for dinner.
Cin Cin is a neighborhood chinese restaurant that I have frequented for years.  The prices are high, but the food tastes fresh is considered a little more upscale than your usual chinese restaurant.

They have a large dining room, but I usually just do takeout.  The reason for the 2 stars is the poor or lack of customer service.  Now when I enter I always say Hello (as any normal human should) and I am NEVER greeted back.  They usually say what did you order.  When I am purchasing (1) order of sesame chicken, fried rice and salad for $30+...........I expect a greeting.

A few weeks ago I had enough and decided not to return.  I'd rather spend my $ at the Yu Hsiang garden down the street.
I rely on the opinions of my fellow Yelpers whenever I am traveling and looking for a great place to grab a meal.  I'm usually not steered wrong.  It is for that reason and that reason alone that I didn't walk out before I finished placing my order.  But I wish I did.  Here's what happened.  I parked around the corner from the restaurant as there was no parking available in their lot.  That was no problem, it's actually a really cute neighborhood and I didn't mind the summer breeze.  I walked into the restaurant around 4:00pm on a Sunday and asked to see a menu for a take out order.  I ordered the sesame chicken and asked for a side order of plain fried rice.  That's when things went wrong.  The woman taking my order snaps back - NO!  You can't have a side order - you have to order it separate and pay full price.  That's when my eyebrow raised....and not the double eyebrow that says I'm shocked and surprised.  I'm talking the single eyebrow with the nose flare that says "I know she did not just snap at me like that".  But I took a deep breath and said "no problem, how much is it". In total I paid 16 dollars for Sesame Chicken and a pint of plain fried rice.  

I reminded myself that the food is going to be good because it got great reviews on Yelp and google - I paid and waited patiently for my order.  When it comes out, the woman points to the bag recently placed on the bar and says - that's your order.  I stood there (single eyebrow once again raised) and waited for her to hand it to me.  I didn't think it was too much for me to ask for a little customer service and I knew she knew how to do it because I had watched her hand other patrons their order and walk them through what they ordered moments before.  

Never the less, I exited the restaurant and left to go to my destination to eat and once again I was let down.  The food was not good at all and it had nothing to do with the sour taste the earlier experience left in my mouth.  The rice was hard, the chicken was fatty, and the sauce was greasy.  I tried my best to eat it but my appetite was ruined.  

I gave this place one star because Yelp requires you put something but if I could give it an emoticon with a raised eyebrow, flared nostril and an upset stomach face I would.
This Chestnut Hill spot serves mostly Chinese cuisine with some Thai-influenced items. Their menu's higher prices (especially for Chinese) reflects both the clientele they expect and the quality of their food, thankfully. (It would be nice if they were a little less expensive though...)

Like Yangming in Bryn Mawr (also owned by the same ownership, I believe?), Cin Cin's decor is decidedly elegant, and perfect for a date or any special occasion - they have large and small dining rooms that can handle decent-sized parties. Call in and make a reservation if you know you're coming, as Cin Cin can get crowded. Service is spot-on, and the food is delectable. Try the orange beef ($15.50), or the duck, Hunan-style (15.50).
The food tasted bland and our waiter was rude. It was my first day living in Philly after the big move from Virginia. My family and I were hungry and wanted to try out a nice place nearby. Chinese and French fusion sounded interesting so we gave it a try . We ordered general tsos, beef and broccoli, and a noodle dish.
When we got our food it looked  like there was not enough rice to share between three people so I asked for extra rice.  our waiter said I didn't finish my bowl of rice yet and to "finish the rice  before you ask for more." I know he was just trying to prevent people from wasting food, but we were a bunch of hungry Asian people and we want our rice. Regardless of how it is seen, it is still something rude to say to a customer.  Will never return nor recommend. Fast food Chinese places around Chestnut Hill are way better. I would give 3 stars if the food was actually good. Not sure how they got all those rewards for their food.
Asian fusion with a slight eclectic twist!
Not your typical Chinese food joint.  It is a nice, classy type restaurant.
It was a Monday evening at 7 and the place was packed.  I was glad we made reservations (and u should too!)

Decent selection of food on the menu.  Items from shrimp pad Thai to general tsoas chicken, to veal etc.

Started with a bottle of Pinot noir. The waiter served the wine the appropriate way which was refreshing. (Showed the wine, opened cork and placed in front of me to smell, then poured a small amount of wine in the glass and waited until after I smelled, sniffed ,swished, swallowed and approved, then filled both of our glasses...he also then would make sure our glasses were always full).   The bottle cost $35 but they ranged in price and there was a good selection of wines.

We order the pan seared dumplings which were delicious and I recommend!

For the main entry I ordered cashew chicken.  The portion was very large and I was only able to eat half!  It was very flavorful with a ton of cashews and tender chicken.  The veggies in the mix were a little undercooked for my liking but overall it was good!

The only complaint I have is that there was a large fly that kept trying to attack me!
I go here mostly for takeout because I like the Szechuan string beans and their shrimp pad Thai. The food is generally good but In my experience the restaurant staff are often unfriendly, especially to people of color.
I'm not sure why so many mediocre reviews. The service is always good. The restaurant is very pretty. The food is solid if not very authentic. It's where the Chestnut Hill crowd goes to pretend to eat real Chinese food. I don't blame them because I eat here all the time. Parking at night is nuts. They do a huge Togo business. Chances are you'll run in to a famous Philadelphian . Some one  is always here sports wise or politics. Absolutely some of the best shrimp dishes in the city. Of course thats if you count Chestnut Hill as part of Philly.
My favorite Chinese Restaurant in Philadelphia by far. The staff is great and the location is really convenient. The only downside to Cin Cin is the limited parking space due to it being in Chestnut Hill but other than that it's great. The Orange chicken is delicious. Highly recommend.
A reservation means nothing here. We waited 45 minutes and still had three groups ahead of us. At this point who cares how good the food is. There were as many people waiting for a table as were sitting and eating. Go somewhere else
This place has been around for a long time and only improves. So many delicious menu items with pleasant staff and quick service. Hope it continues to give the community that great service and delicious food.
I have three words for you - Szechuan Sesame Chicken!

I am addicted to their Szechuan Sesame Chicken - the sauce is sooooo good - just the right combination of creamy, slightly spicy sesame-ness. I would be happy with just the sauce and some rice. The fact that it's "heart healthy" according to their menu is just some kind of miraculous bonus.  White meat chicken and veggies never tasted so good.  

We usually get takeout but did go for lunch recently and I had (you guessed it) my Szechuan Sesame Chicken and hubby had the special, soft shell crab, which he said was ok. The hot tea was perfect and the hot and sour soup yummy.  

The service is excellent and the room pleasant if a bit of a dated look (folded pink fan napkins?  so very 3 decades ago!)  but really all I care about is my SS Chicken!
Creative Chinese food with some French cuisine influences.  Located in the Chestnut Hill neighborhood of Philly.  We didn't actually go to the restaurant, but ordered take-out and enjoyed it at our friend's house in Mount Airy.  I really liked the shrimp with honey walnuts and the brandy-infused Szechuan beef.
Stopped in here for lunch with my wife and a good friend. We were visiting our friend for the weekend and she recommended we all check out Cin Cin for lunch.

It's a nice place with nice decor. The only odd thing was that at 30-40 years old I think we dropped the average age of the patrons significantly. It's was mostly elderly people dining whole we were, but they picked a good place.

I ordered the sesame chicken, this is not your normal version, it had a peanut sauce and the chicken had been sauteed not fried, but this was a great dish. My wife ordered the lamg and eggplant dish. I tried it, it was good but wasn't as flavorful as it looked. We both got brown rice with it was which was fine. Our friend got the pad Thai with shimp, but said it was too spicy.

Food came out lighting fast, seemed like 2 to 3 min after we ordered.

All in all a nice quick lunch spot.
Cin Cin was a pleasant surprise. The service is good (they refill your water glasses etc.) Our food was good and the portions are a great size that I had leftovers for lunch the next day. My dessert was just the right size and was delicious! 

Only con: Parking can be a challenge at this restaurant. There are maybe 8 spot in the front and then if they're full you have to find street parking, which you know can be a nightmare in town.
I enjoyed my trip to Cin Cin.  Our guests were regulars and knew how to order.  The hot and sour soup to start was the best I ever had.  Mongolian beef, orange chicken, Kung pap - tasty and hot!
Best  Chinese food in the greater Philadelphia area. I usually order take out. I took my mom here today me day and try a few different items on the menu..all were delicious! My favorite is the general Taos chicken
Cin cin has always been my go to favorite asian food, the hot and sour soup is great! Just consistently good food, which is sometimes hard to find with restaurants now a days
Unfortunately, they were unable or unwilling to honor our month old 6:00 pm reservation after 40 minutes, so we departed for another restaurant.
Went for lunch around 12:30.  Was greeted and seated immediately. Dining room has a nice decor and the sweet aroma of Chinese food was in the air...so far so good!

Ordered the bbq shrimp and fried shrimp in lotus from their special fall menu...small plate. Bbq shrimp vey good, but the fried lotus, may be an acquired taste. Next ordered app of mushrooms with goat cheese eggrolls...flaky Filo, strong goat cheese flavor served with caramelized onions helped mask the goat cheese and made it more palpable.

My entree was the Orange sauce fillet...sliced filet, deep fried with deep brown delicious sauce.  My dining partner had the shrimp with black bean sauce,,,so delicious.  Only problem was my cognac cost $10 for a very small shot, but the pour on the Chardonnay was pretty decent....
I've lived in this area for years and just recently noticed this gem. I stopped in for a solo dinner one rainy night and had a wonderful experience. I tried to duck pancake with brown rice and it was delicious! The place is small but the decor and ambiance are cozy. Restroom was clean. I will be back for date night
The best Peking Duck in the country make sure you get Leeann as your waitress she is friendly and a great server.Dumplings and Wonton soup were also amazing.
We have eaten here many times. The food is fresh and delicious and the space has a comfortable atmosphere.

Sometimes we just order an array of appetizers to share and maybe one entree, and other times we order a full 3-course meal. 

The only time we have ever been disappointed was one time the crepe for the mixed berries dessert was old. Not bad since we have been eating here for six years since moving to the area.
So I get takeout for lunch here occasionally. I've found their food to always be fresh, delicious, and their portions to be reasonable for the lunch special price. Until today. Today I decided to try the jumbo shrimp with angel hair pasta. The price was $11, a little more than what I normally get but there was good news in GA so I was feeling celebratory. I was expecting a small portion of shrimp. It's a lunch special, after all, but the entire dish was small. And when I say small, I mean smaller than the pint sized soup I also got. I was incredibly disappointed in the amount of food for the price. Compared to the other dish I ordered, the four flavor beef, it was less than half the volume. 

I actually really love CinCin. I'm hoping this poor rating will get their attention and they will make this right. If they do, I'll post a follow up and adjust my rating.
I tried this place for the 1st time a few weeks back. Twice actually. I decided to forgo the usual corner chinese food and see what this place was about. I don't know why I was expecting it to be uber expensive.

I ordered take out because that was my intention with my meal for the night. 
It was really crowded in there on saturday evenings which made me happier that I opted for take out.

I got the spring rolls..delicious. They have pretty darn good egg rolls also. Prob the best I've yet to taste. I also ordered hot and sour soup.
I then had the crab fried and shrimp fried rice and the triple delight.

The triple delight was okay. Felt like something I could get in any other place. But the fried rice was a winner.

I went back a few days later for another take out, but this time I got the yummy crabmeat shumai and the Gunpowder shrimp. The only part I didn't enjoy about the Gunpowder was that there was something in the sauce that I had to keep spitting out. It tasted like shrimp skin but then I saw it was the pepper flakes/skins? Either way, it was an interruption to my  meal. Shrimps were large and meaty. Love that.

I def enjoyed my meals here so far. It's close my job and also to home so it's win win.
Popped in here for a quick Chinese lunch before beginning our travels back home from Philly. The host was very friendly and we were seated immediately. He also turned out to be our waiter and he was very attentive. The dining area was sizable and clean, but the decor was a bit dated. We also noticed right away that we were bringing down the median age significantly. Customer clientele seemed to be mostly elderly, with the occasional older businessman. Not a big deal of the food is good.

Their lunch menu was reasonably priced for the area with a mixture of appetizers, rice and pasta dishes, soups, salads, and main courses. The food came out so fast, it couldn't of been more than 5ish minutes after we ordered. So I guess that's a huge plus if you are stopping by on your limited lunch hour.

I ordered the Wok Lamb and Chinese Eggplant (lamb with Chinese eggplant and scallions in a black bean sauce) with brown rice. While a bit one note as far as color (with a tiny bit of purple trying to pop through), the flavor was good. The lamb was cooked well as was the Chinese eggplant. The black bean sauce had nice Unami flavor. The rice was pretty bland.

My friend got the Pad Thai with Jumbo Shrimp (basil, vegetables and crushed peanuts in a spicy squid sauce). The shrimp were impressively large, but my friend commented that it was in her opinion too spicy, so only order this if you like a little kick. I bet I would of liked it.

My husband got the Szechuan Sesame Chicken (Sliced white meat chicken with sesame and peanut butter sauce). This was a unique interpretation, and probably healthier, on the traditional sesame chicken. The chicken isn't fried and uses peanut sauce so not as sweet. I had a bite and while I like the OG way, this was also very good. 

At the end they give you a fortune cookie, but for a yummy twist, they dip them in chocolate. I am not usually a fan of a fortune cookie flavor, but this upped the anty a lot. I think all Chinese joints should steal this idea as it's way better.
This place is ridiculously good. I'm a fan of the Peking Duck, which they put into pancakes table-side, which is a nice touch. The chilled lychees make a fantastic healthy dessert.
Well, restaurants seem to continually forget that their quality of service is just as important as the quality of their food.

After years of successfully getting CinCin delivery to our house, tonight they arbitrarily decided we lived too far away.  After acquiescing grudgingly, they then refused to quote a lead time on the delivery, with an awfully rude attitude to boot.

I get it, you reserve the right to alter your delivery zone.  However, there's no reason you can't handle that task graciously with your customers, especially repeat ones.

That's how you convert repeat customers into ex-customers.  

Sometimes we go out to eat, too.  But not to CinCin in the future.  Other restaurants have superior pleasant service.
I don't know if we went to a different restaurant than everyone else or what, but CinCin gets a resounding "meh" from us. We DID get takeout, so maybe that really affects the quality of the food, but it seems unlikely. We live close by, so the food didn't have time to get cold and sad or anything.

Our food was good, certainly, but if you had given me my plate of Szechuan beef and told me it was from an average Chinese place, I wouldn't have been too surprised. I guess since it's presented as an upscale restaurant (with prices reflecting that), I expected better. My boyfriend and I came to the same conclusion: that the food is on the upper end of average. A smidge more flavorful than what you'll find at most Chinese restaurants, but nothing to write home about. The steamed dumplings and hot and sour soup were great, though. 

I have no problem paying a lot for good, high-quality food, but our dishes did not justify the price, in this case. I prefer Yu-Hsiang; bigger menu and better food for comparable prices. The ambience there is not nearly as good as CinCin's, though, if you're looking for a romantic night out.
My wife and I went for a late lunch on a Sunday. The inside decour is very early 90s but thankfully the food is current. 

We wanted something vegan and told them so. We ordered the eggplant and the tofu with black bean sauce. The eggplant is spicy. The mild savory flavor of the tofu was a good compliment to it. Both dishes were good and hard to stop pecking at. 

I would happily go back again and order the same.
We used to eat at Cin Cin often but it's been a long time. We ordered dinner by phone at 5:10 and it's 6:41 and no show. The people on the phone just blew us off. It's ridiculous service. I tried to cancel and they kept stalling. We won't be ordering again.   Horrible.
Seems to be going down hill of late.  The owners seems preoccupied with their cell phones and the chef has a very heavy hand with the salt.  Pan seared sea bass was good otherwise, but the szechuan string beans looked liked they'd been sitting around for a few weeks.
Amazing! Everything was good, and the staff were generally friendly. The Peking duck does not require pre-ordering and came out in a timely way with our Szechuan string beans and tarragon chicken. My only food complaint is that their definition of "spicy" is extremely conservative - I expect "spicy" food to bite back and these dishes were very mild. Still flavorful and delicious, just not spicy as advertised. The duck was excellent, though I recommend getting the whole duck, as the chef will carve it at your table. Be sure to have then leave the carcass and trimmings, as there's a fair amount of meat (and crispy skin!) left. It'd also make amazing soup stock if you wanted to take it home. The other surprise was the outstanding quality of desserts, though they're decidedly not Chinese. The tiramisu was wonderfully firm, not overly wet as some can be. We also had the daily special, a smooth, almost mousse-like hazelnut cake atop a crispy crust. The KitKat-like crust was a perfect contrast to the luxurious body of the dessert. 

The price was entirely reasonable for the quantity and quality of the food, and the atmosphere and volume allowed for a very enjoyable meal.
We have been getting take out from Cin Cin for years and it was always good. However last night we had take out that was not even edible. It all went into the trash. Cashew chicken had no taste, dumplings and spring rolls were horribly greasy. Not sure if they have a new chef or what but it was all so bad that we will not be back.
I went there with my family last month.  I had a Thai dish which was just ok.  Nothing seemed to stand out on the menu.  I think they have too many items on the menu and don't focus on one genre.  The prices are kind of high as well. Going there was not my idea and i will not be going back.
I went here for dinner with my friend and I really enjoyed my meal. The food was good. We had the spring rolls for an appetizer. Which were crispy and delicious, though the small portion of one spring roll each left    me wanting more. I had the Brandy-Infused Szechuan Beef which was very delicious. I couldn't finish half the plate because the portion was so large, but I was very happy to have leftovers. They even gave me some fresh rice to take home with it. I also had a johnnie walker red with coke for $8 which is great. It was well made and strong- just the way I like it. And for that price and the size of the glass, I won't complain. All in all we decided to give the meal 4 stars. The food was cheap and delicious and the waiter was very friendly. I fully enjoyed myself and intend to come here again eventually.

Also, definitely the highlight of the night was the chocolate covered fortune cookies. They were delicious and I don't think I can go back to regular ones.
The Mongolian Lamb was described as spicy.  It was, however, devoid of spiciness and that is a flaw I cannot excuse. 
 Mediocre Chinese take-out food+ prime location, nice decor and a liquor license does not a good restaurant make.
I've heard that this is a "Chinese/French" fusion place.  I must preface this review by saying that I have a strong bias against "Asian Fusion" restaurants and they normally never live up to my expectations--but I absolutely love this place.  This place looked from the outside and inside like it could have tended to be quite a lot pricier than it actually was, but indeed it was quite reasonable: entrees range about $11-15, which is cheap given the quality of the food.

I can't disagree more with the other reviewers that say that this is your "standard take out chinese food".  Pardon me but WTF?

The food here was certainly unique, totally unlike anything I have had elsewhere.  The flavors were subtle and exquisite, and I can't come up with any criticism of the food...everything was cooked just right, had subtle and complex aromas, and just the right amount of sweet, sour, spicy.

This is quite possibly the only "Asian Fusion" restaurant that I have ever been to that is not overrated.  This place is awesome!  I definitely want to come back!
Cin Cin is hands down my favorite Asian cuisine restaurant. Key words to describe them are fresh, moderate, inventive, and elegant. I have never been to a Chinese restaurant that adopts many french restaurant service techniques as well as dish preparations. The menu always has interesting specials, inclusive of many Chinese staples, all prepared with the freshest ingredients I have ever tasted. The service is fast and very friendly. All of their staff is very professional and appreciative of your patronage. I don't usually get appetizers or dessert when I eat out, normally just a decent main course, but when I eat at Cin Cin, I always find myself running the entire gamut of their culinary delights. I started my meal with the shrimp and chicken spring roll appetizer. I received 2 medium size spring rolls elegantly displayed on fine white china, both cooked just to a perfect crisp golden brown. I also received 2 small bowls of hot mustard and sweet duck sauce. The texture of the rolls were as light and fresh as they looked, packed full of fresh veggies and meat, an excellent beginning to my meal. My entree was one of the specials they were touting that afternoon:  A blend of fresh vegetables, sauteed shrimp, and lamb, served with brown rice and tossed in savory sauce that had a little spice to it, but not so much that it ruined the flavors of the dish. Their vegetables are very fresh, I cannot stress this point nearly enough.  I believe that a cornerstone of Chinese cuisine is the vegetables, so only using fresh, properly cooked vegetables is imperative. The vegetables were cooked perfectly, and still very crisp. I do not normally eat lamb because every time that I get it, it is always tough and dry. This lamb was tender and cooked just through, making if very juicy. For dessert I had the chef's special chocolate pyramid, quite decadent and an exciting presentation on the plate. Their "french flair" comes mainly from the plating and presentation techniques they use with the food as well as some of the elements of their dining room service. They are nowhere near 5 or even 4 star service standards, but they are still great!
We went here for our Valentine's Day dinner. The night started with a bit of a headache because they didn't have our reservation (nor did they have the reservation for the two couples who arrived right after us!) so we thought we would have to wait for quite a bit (it was very crowded!). But we only had to wait about 10-15 minutes. Still annoying since we shouldn't have had to wait at all. But we got over it. 

The place is "fancy" in the way that a 90s Chinese food neighborhood restaurant is fancy. A little outdated looking but charming.

We ordered:
-Calamari
-Brandy-Infused Szechuan Beef 
-A shrimp dish (I forget exactly which one)
-Chocolate tart
-Banana dessert

The calamari were okay. A little too salty (and if I'm saying that it must be pretty bad). I've had much better. The sauce they came with was delicious though. Some sort of aioli ... 

The beef was fantastic, very flavorful. The shrimp were just okay ... again, I've had better. 

Dessert was pretty disappointing. I would not get dessert there again but would definitely go back for dinner. There were several more dishes/appetizers I wanted to try. We were thrilled when we found out they do take-out and deliver! We will definitely be trying new things from Cin Cin.
I was pleasantly surprised with this restaurant.  It is a very nice, but slightly casual place.  You would be suited business casual clothing.  The food was excellent - featuring Chinese food with a variety of flavors.  The only complaint is that I ordered the Gun Powder Chicken dish and it was not very spicy at all.
Over priced. Over stuffy. Not worth it. It's the typical Chestnut Hill restaurant with the typical attitude. Serve mediocre food at high prices, but get away with it bc it's Chestnut Hill. Plain and simple.
Definitely better than the typical Chinese restaurant, especially if you are looking for a good date spot. Been here four times over the past couple years and every time I swear I will not get the "Chef's Surprise" and every time we end up with the "Chef's Surprise". This is a good deal, about $30 for soup, salad, one main course per person who ordered the surprise, and then dessert. My beef is that every time the soup and salad has been the same, and the last two times the dessert was the same. So...not much of a "surprise". Don't get me wrong, the main dishes are really good, the soup at the beginning of the surprise is not good. Also, the soup is served at a temperature similar to molten lava. Seriously. 

Even with three stars I would recommend Cin CIn and we will probably be going back at some point.
I did not really see any fusion/french flair happening here but smart on their part to market themselves that way to get people in the door and stand out from other chinese places. Nice interior but  most dishes are just your standard take out chinese food. I thought prices were very reasonable. Service was quick but take out seems the way to go.  Really boring veggie choices. I give it 3 stars because it is hard to find decent chinese food out in this area but the food was just  alright. Parking lot is a pain so park on street.
Everything is excellent here. The restaurant is very clean and the servers are very professional. You can pick anything on the menu and it will be great. The only problem is they have a very small parking lot. We like to go early in between lunch and dinner.
Cin Cin is an upscale Chinese restaurant with a "French flair." What? I'm sorry but upscale Chinese food restaurant? Is that an oxymoron? Yes, the food was good. And by good, I mean slightly less unhealthy tasting than the food served at your local Chinese food store but just as delicious. From the outside, the place does look pretty nice. On the inside, it is nothing special. Yes, it does have a bar, and it looks pretty cool. But the dining room is decorated with pink and green coloring. It looks like a poor attempt at "upscale" to me. Yes, I recommend this place for good food but I do question the "upscale" and the "French flair" part.
VERY good food.  I never ever get that "heavy, yucky" feeling you usually get when eating Chinese food.  Everything is very light and always delicious.  I've had the Schezwaun (I know I spelled that wrong.)  Chicken, and it is wonderful because it isn't breaded, but TASTES like it is.  YUM.  Good food with no guilt.  Love their Thai Chicken Skewers, and the brown rice is really good.  You will not be disappointed with Cin Cin.
Haven't yet had the eat-in experience at Cin Cin;  though one day at work a few of my co-workers were craving some food from there, so I joined in and opted for the sweet and sour chicken.  Aside from the fact that the food took over and hour to arrive, we were at least made aware of this (we were all so hungry), and when the food finally arrived, it was worth it.  My portion of chicken was the perfect size and it was accompanied by a side of the best veggie fried rice I've ever eaten.  That being said, I'm curious to find out what it would be like to sit in and eat there.
I'm from the Chestnut Hill area, but just recently I decided to try the place.
The Chinese food is great here! I simply can't complain about the food and the food is set just right based on quality.

Remember, this isn't the typical Chinese food you find around the corner. It is French based and may be new to you. 

However, I think the service can be better hence the -1 in stars.
I'm going to start by saying that one of the things I liked best about Cin Cin was that the staff moved with a purpose. That being said, you won't get your server taking the time to joke with you or make small talk. This can be good, though, because you are totally free to enjoy your experience with those that you are dining with. It seems like the servers and managers here really have a handle on what's going on, so I'm ok with giving up the chit chat.

The back room of Cin Cin is a bit crowded and felt a bit like a kid wandering through a corn maze trying to weave in and out of the tables. That was probably my least favorite thing about this place. We dined here on a Saturday night and it was super busy, too, so I'd suggest reservations.

There are no beers on tap, only bottles. They have Asian beers like Sapporo on the list.

We split the spring rolls for an appetizer. They were good but nothing above and beyond what I've had before. Two come in an order, so I don't suggest getting them to split unless you want a very small appetizer.

For the entree, I ordered the Chicken Tarragon with Shiitake Mushrooms. It said spicy but it just had a hint of spice (which actually was disappointing to me because I ordered it specifically because it said spicy). The more I think about it...I feel like I didn't actually get Chicken Tarragon. I wanted to try something new and once I got home and googled pictures of chicken tarragon and compared it to what my meal looked like...let's just say they looked nothing alike. But maybe the sauce they use (which is a chili tarragon) makes it look different. Either way, it sort of tasted like General Tso's. It didn't taste much different than regular Chinese food - I'll say the taste is the same but the quality is obviously worlds beyond a corner Chinese food joint. Cin Cin does normal Chinese food the right (and safe/healthy/worth the money) way. The people I was dining with got other things that weren't standards (salmon, crab fried rice, etc.) that looked a little more "fancy" if you are looking for something that you can't get somewhere else.

Desert here was probably my favorite part of the meal. We got green tea ice cream that had a fortune cookie partially dipped in chocolate to top it off. If you come here, definitely leave room for this delicious ice cream.

All in all, my experience at Cin Cin wasn't necessarily memorable, but it was pleasant enough that it would remain on my list of places to go when I need to mix it up and venture out to a neighborhood I don't often go to.
One of the best restaurants in the country.  I'm not kidding either.  Everything is perfect and the food is out of this world.
This place is great. It is not all that fancy just not the same crowd as the McDonalds down the street. The food is great and the owners are there to make sure you enjoy your meal. The rotating specials are great.
The wife and I went on a Saturday. First impression, the decor was nice but a bit out dated.  We were seated next to a big party and there was plenty of other tables available. Our waiter was a bit rude. We were contemplating asking to move. After he took our order we had asked him if it were possible to move. He rudely said "you should've asked before your order"'and then he walked away. After a minutes my wife went to the hostess and asked her to move us. We were moved and our new waiter was very nice and attentive. I was under the impression that our first waiter went to ask the hostess about moving but in actuality he didn't and left us unattended. The only saving grace was that the food was amazing. I had the General Tso chicken and it was pretty much the tastiest that I ever had. My wife had the gun powder shrimp and she enjoyed her dish. A nice surprise is to our dinner was receiving chocolate dipped fortune cookies. They were delicious, so to the point when we asked our waiter for more he freely gave them to us. Food excellent, service ok.
Hot and sour soup perfect.  Special ("Ciao Ling") duck tender, delicately spiced, generous serving, no bones, the best duck I have ever had.  Friend had honey-walnut shrimp, which is what I usually order at Cin Cin---delicious as always. Service friendly, courteous, prompt
Great Chinese spot! Definitely my favorite Chinese food of all time! Beautiful restaurant with an enormous menu and great prices.  Heartiest won-ton soup I've ever had.  Tons of awesome appetizers for cheap, like the Chinese pizza!  For dinner my favorites are the Shrimp pad thai and the kim chi chicken.  Not matter what you order, you'll enjoy it.  Taste is so much fresher and lighter than those Chinese take-out spots in the shopping malls.  If you've never been to a sit down Chinese restaurant, definitely give Cin Cin a try!
We recently celebrated a birthday at CinCin with an event in their back room. It was an excellent experience. The food was delicious and the service was great-- very welcoming, attentive, they went above + beyond. The luncheon package they offered for an event was an incredibly good deal. This was an affordable way to do something quite special + charming. Thank you!!
Went here with a group of people. I'm not really big in Chinese food. We ordered one of the salads which was rather basic and not too big. I was going to order one of the tofu dishes but when I asked if it was organic tofu, they said it wasn't. At least I got an honest answer but it was still disappointing, especially when it's priced like it's organic.
Same owner as Yang Ming in Bryn Mawr.  Think they have the same type of establishment?
What a wonderful place after a stressful day! My three cousins and I planned a trip here after my first paycheck, and we had a spectacular time! 

We made reservations for 6:15, but we were running really late. When I called to change the reservation to a later time, they were very accommodating. 

When we got there, a table was reserved for us, no problem. The only problem was that I forgot to mention that one of our party was bringing her infant daughter in her car seat, and we needed extra space for her. We only had to wait 30 seconds to be shown our new seats, which was extraordinary based on the fact that they were pretty busy, even though it was a weeknight. 

The waiters were absolutely wonderful. My one cousin even mentioned to us at one point, "Every time I go to drink my water, I end up with a full glass! They must be filling my glass, but I never notice it!" Not only were they attentive, but they knew to give us the space that we needed to decide on our food and converse with each other. Furthermore, without us even mentioning that we were considering sharing our food with each other, our waiter brought extra plates to us for that purpose. 

And that was just the service! I decided to go with all appetizers for my meal, so I indulged in the Crab meat Saumai and Satay lamb sticks; I also had the crab meat and asparagus salad, which I fell in love with the last time I had visited Cin Cin. Don't let yourself be fooled...it is not a green salad, as one might expect. It has more of the idea of a potato or chicken salad, but full of vegetables and crab meat. Not too heavy, but definitely not very light. Just perfect in my opinion. 

My cousins got their meals, and insisted on sharing a part of each dish with me...so I think I had the best time of all! The spicy Pad Thai was just that...spicy! It was very flavorful. My cousin stated that "With every bite, there is a new experience of spice; it just keeps surprising me!" Another cousin had shrimp and scallops in a lemongrass sauce. With the tiniest hint of lemon and the tender shrimp and buttery sea scallops, it was simply divine. My favorite was my last cousin's dish though--Shrimp in a plum sauce. I don't know if the shrimp was battered in a tempura-type mixture, but it was definitely engulfed in something bread-like. Whatever it was was perfect. And the plum sauce! Absolutely stunning, a tantalizing treat on the tongue. 

Top it off with coffee, Fresh Seasonal Berries (atop white chocolate mousse, all in thin pastry shell, on a plate doused with strawberry sauce, and finished off with a sprig of mint), and, of course, the dark chocolate-dipped fortune cookies (of which we were given a 5th...one for the baby!), and, in my opinion, we had the perfect meal. I will definitely be back again.
Poor service, snooty attitude and almost average food while overpriced. Lunch was a big disappointment. Will not return.
CinCin has changed dramatically over the past few years.  Sadly, it has not been for the better.    Once considered a more in-depth, top of the line Chinese restaurant, CinCin is no better than your average neighborhood Chinese takeout.  In fact, some of the average neighborhood  Chinese restaurants have them beat!  This was my fourth disappointing visit to CinCin.  We'll have to find somewhere else for Chinese food- Disappointed
After reading all the reviews I expected a lot more from Cin Cin.  The food was good but not the expected "exceptional".  Disappointed -- would not go back.

Trauts
Best. Peking Duck. Ever.  I don't know how they do it!  I've even been to Beijing and have had Peking duck in some of their best restaurants and CinCin's duck is equally as good (dare I say-- better?).  Such an elegant place-- just wish it wasn't always so crowded!
The management takes great care of their customers. The food is consistently excellent. I can always count on a delicious meal here, no matter what I order. The chocolate-dipped fortune cookies are always a nice treat at the end of the meal. Make a reservation on a Friday or Saturday night.
Cin Cin is definitely a nice restaurant to grab a slightly different spin on Chinese cuisine. It's moderately priced, so watch out with the extras like appetizers and dessert. The dining area isn't large; in fact it's crowded. The room gets so loud, that you seriously have to speak with your outside voice, inside. My date and I were moved to the secondary dining area that was enclosed by glass windows and a doorway. That was much more to our liking. I had the Pino Grigio, she had the White Zinf., I had the Peppered Lamb, she had the Gun Powder Shrimp. We both had the Spring Rolls and shared the Creme Brulee. We both were comatose as soon as we got home. It was sooo good. Worth the crowd, the noise and the price.
Great Chinese restaurant in Chestnut Hill! Cin Cin has flavorful dishes and good service. I've frequently come here to eat and ordered take-out.

The Mongolian Lamb is a personal favorite; the eggplant and black beans accompany the lamb and brown sauce perfectly. The Hunan Duck, Veal Escallops and chicken with Tarragon Sauce are also good -- especially the mushrooms and peas in then chicken with tarragon sauce. Even if you like spicy food, skip the Sake Wild Peppered Chicken: It doesn't have enough other flavors behind the spice and isn't quite as interesting.

For an appetizer, definitely try the barbecued spare ribs-- they are FANTASTIC. I like them so much that sometimes I've ordered them for a whole meal! The mixed green salad is also good, it come with almonds and a light vinaigrette. 

The ambiance is classy, so it's a fun place to eat at. However, it's not super fancy so no need to dress up to come here. You may need reservations on the weekend, but you should be okay to walk in on weekdays.
Owner is sneaky, beware. We had reservations for 730 tonight. By 8 we started noticing people that came in after us are being seating before us. When I questioned the host he confirmed our suspicions. A few minutes later he offered us a drink which was nice, but we would have preferred to be seated. As good as the food and service were this experience left a bad impression. Go and enjoy, just keep your eye on the owner.
Always delicious!  Wonderful service by Vince. I love this place!  Best Peking duck and honey walnut shrimp.
The lady at the bar register in front is very rude and racist attitude. Let some stuff slide cause the food is so good. She needs to be in the back somewhere and not out disrespecting black people like we don't spend a lot of money in that place.
spring rolls, general tso chicken, cashew and chicken and veggie stir fried rice. Staff is really wonderful too!
Pretty good food. Nice flavors and service is great. The person I eat with is from Taiwan and she thought that the restaurant was very nicely decorated - more authentic looking than most of the other Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia.

In Philadelphia there are better Chinese restaurants in Chinatown and Old City, but this place is good and the lunch menu very inexpensive.
This restaurant has been around forever and always prepares delicious Chinese food. I have enjoyed every dish I tried at Cin Cin.
Came about 9 minutes early & they seated us with no problem. The hostess and our waiter were both very friendly. Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu. The food came out quick and was delicious. I would come back. I'm glad there's a good sushi place near me since I hate going downtown.
I had a taste for fried rice and was told about CinCin some time ago but never ordered from them prior to today. 

I was in the area and decided to place an order for lunch. I ordered two spring rolls with chicken and shrimp in them and the lunch size crabmeat and shrimp fried rice. 

The spring rolls and fried rice were good but I wish the spring rolls were a little bigger. They are skinny rolls compared to the spring rolls I have ordered from the food carts in Center City Philadelphia.

One additional note to make - they included a small bag of duck sauce, hot mustard, and a tea bag. I thought the tea bag was a nice touch. 

The lunch portion was sufficient in size. I even had enough to eat for dinner.
Our go-to for Chinese with a French flair. standard items or upscale items all fantastic. I find costs to be similar to less fancy places nearby.  Thank goodness they are experts at take out with Coronavirus closing down dine-in. Our standards are sub gum fried rice, seafood & vegetable soup and crisp orange beef. 

Our multiple experiences are all great with excellent service and bar. They nailed a Sidecar on our last visit. 

Support your favorites by ordering take-out during these quarantined times!
Long wait although with a  reservation for 8pM on a Saturday night. Incredibly delicious food! (And I don't say that a lot!!!) we tried almost everything on the menu including pad Thai, dumplings, seafood basket, four flavor beef, peppered lamb...enjoyed a bottled of CA Chardonnay for $29. Everything was delicious, service was gracious..
Ordered delivery recently and was generally underwhelmed. I've ordered from here in years past and the food has always been pretty good. The best in Philly? Not close. But a decent option that will suffice. The restaurant is nice and not like those fast food corner spots you often find in the city. 
Not sure if it is due to the pandemic but our food simply wasn't delicious. We ordered General Tso chicken, shrimp with noodles and duck stir fry. None of it was great. The meat was dry and to sweet. Flavors lacked complexity which we usually look forward to in Chinese food. Maybe I am spoiled by my favorite Chinese food place in DC. 
Needless to say, we won't be ordering from here again. I'll take my chances with picking up from father away if the food will taste better.
Still 5 stars- food service and presentation.  What a gem in Chestnut Hill.  Bring your wallet cause you're going to want to try some many items on the menu.  My favorites from my last visit was fried dumplings, BBQ ribs- delish and spring rolls with shrimp. Large pieces of meat shrimp and seafood with your order.  The presentation and service is personal.  Long Island iced tea was weak but good- dessert creme brle and expresso!  Loved it.  I highly highly recommend this place.
World class cuisine. Excellent Food and Excellent Service. Most enjoyable restaurant.
Was at Cin Cin for a birthday dinner, and it was all right. This restaurant has options for my vegetarian friends. My other friends were regulars for this restaurant's other locations. 

I wasn't able to finish my dinner, but the dish was hearty and semi-spicy. Next time if I come with friends, will be sure to order a different starter, mainly since I order the same starter as friend and by the time the order came out, my starter basically became a portion. 

Check was given with a fortune cookie that was cooled with chocolate.
Best most consistent Chinese/Asian restaurant in the area.  A true mainstay with great owners that serve top notch quality food. Highly recommend the brandy infused beef, hot/sour soup, crabmeat fried rice and spring rolls.  Truly, everything I have ever eaten here has been delicious.
My hubby surprised me with a return visit to CinCin on a whim. Leeann was helpful with ordering to accommodate our capsaicin allergies.
The wonderful New Year menu items were not available but we were able to enjoy the seafood soup that had whole shrimp, pieces of scallops, crab meat & lots of crispy veggies. We had the Crab Shumai without the dipping sauce (allergy) & they were light little purses of delight. The Honey Walnut Shrimp is my new favorite - crisp sweet walnuts adorned 8 huge shrimp in a pungent brown sauce.  1/2 Peking Duck is served as 4 ample sandwiches with scallions & a side of plum sauce. The best fortune cookies are served at the end of the meal at CinCin dipped in dark chocolate. Who cares if the fortune is cryptic!  It was our good fortune to find this restaurant!
Came here for a birthday dinner on Thursday and the food was amazing! We got the spring rolls, Chinese pizza aka scallion pancakes, and fried dumplings for appetizers. They had so much flavor and loved the sauces that were provided as well. I ordered the fried rice which was jam packed with flavor and was a big portion - I had to take it home. 

They had a drink menu but not a cocktail list. I wanted to try a drink with lychee and I was informed the only drink they had was a lychee martini. I'm not a fan of martinis but this was pretty good. My cousin, however thought it was a bit strong. 

The service was a bit slow at times but which was the only downfall but I'll definitely be back if I'm in the area!
