When I was there last it was a full fledged extraordinarly good bakery. It has since expanded into offering breakfast, lunch and dinner. They are a byob establishment with a very limited menu but what comes out of the kitchen will quickly capture your attention. I've had mussels any number of different ways but I have never had mussels the likes of which I enjoyed at Creme Brulee. The combination of flavors which included perfectly cooked tender mussels, smoked bacon, fresh tyme, creme et. al., produced a culinary other worldly dining experience. Folks you need to go there and see for yourselves if these are not the best mussels you have ever had. My main dish was a pan fried chicken Cobb Salad with a house made dill dressing. The chicken was extra moist with a very crispy tasty beautifully seasoned exterior coating and the dressing, oh my goodness, excellent...!!! 
These  folks are no strangers to bakery or full service kitchens. The dishes turned out are of extremely high quality with delightfully complex well balanced flavors. 
Creme Brulee is a tiny hidden gem in South Philly and all y'all need to stop by and give'm try but be sure to make a reservation as seating is very limited.
The taste, quality, baking artistry and creative pastry display is of extremely high quality coming from what appears from the outside to be a nondescript tiny storefront tucked away in Philly's South end. You might at first glance tend to pass it by but that would be a hugh mistake, these folks are highly skilled pastry bakers producing some of the most unique looking and tasting pastries you are not likely to find elsewhere. 
The coffee macaroon I had was light, airy, not to sweet with a nice exterior crunch and strong coffee flavor that was just fabulous, I have not had anything quite like it, there was just so much going on in that little patisserie delicacy.
I am confident that if you stop by Creme Brulee, you too will be equally impressed as I was!
4.5 Stars Fairly new, tiny corner spot in Pennsport. I only hope the neighborhood welcomes this hidden gem the way they should! 

Everything is made from scratch by a Mexican brother duo who were classically trained by pastry chefs in France! Very cool! They also couldn't possibly be any sweeter. You will leave a friend of Armando! 

A little thrown off by the price of the French macaron when I called to find out their daily flavors for hubs only to find upon arrival that they are twice the size of the ones we are all used to. The $3.25 per piece price tag then made complete sense. They are also said to be pretty darn delicious. Perfectly almost chewy on the outside and creamy in the middle. The flavor offerings change daily and can be seasonal! 

Towering meringues, gorgeous tarts of all kinds, mini cheesecakes and of course, their namesake, creme brûlée is among the sweets everyone is raving about! Try them all! 

Brunch was still a new concept for this spot when I last visited but I look forward to trying it soon and updating when I do. 

Unmetered street parking and a few tables outside which seem like a lovely option on a nice day.
I had my first and definitely not my last experience at Crème Brûlée bistro a couple weeks ago. I had no idea the place existed until a friend posted some delicious looking photos on his instagram account. I made it my mission to try the french onion soup as soon as possible. 

Sadly, the soup was sold out on the day of my visit! L'horreur! Instead, I opted for a tomato, mozzarella and pesto baguette (hold the truffle oil) with a side salad. It was very satisfying but I still have my soup craving and will need to return sooner than later to satisfy it! Also looking forward to trying some of their beautiful pastries.
After much anticipation from seeing the "Coming Soon" sign countless of times previously and giving it some duration to see what this place has to offer... I finally decided to stop by. I'll also blame Yelp as well for this! 

Lovely showcase of pastries. French inspired. I try to contain myself to not order one of each and every item. I tend to get overboard when it comes to sweets that are alluring to the eyes. So I made 6 selections to start. I enjoyed the macaron which were priced at $3.25 a piece and thought that was fair since they were literally the size of my hand. 

Must I say the owner, Armando, was sooo nice. He gave me a little background of his vision and informed me what else Creme Brûlée served. Which includes breakfast/brunch, lunch, and dinner. Breads and goods are made fresh daily. Mark my words, I'll be back! 
 
This is the greatest new addition to the neighborhood and must try.
This is a hidden gem in the city, I must say! At 10am on a Wednesday, there were plenty of parking spaces for a few blocks up to this place. I was able to easily park right outside the cafe and go in without the hassle of fumbling around for pocket change or bills for meters (it's free to park around the cafe). 

The cashier girl got my order wrong (I wanted an almond and a pepperoni & cheese croissants but she gave me a ham and a pepperoni & cheese), but I didn't mind when I ate mine. They were pretty good. A very nice alternative for me when the other croissant shop I normally go to is closed on certain days. I will definitely be back to try other croissants.
Super excited to have this gem in the area! Stopped in on a Friday morning for a sweet breakfast treat. I was greeted first by the pleasant smell of baked goods, then by the owner who couldn't have been more gracious and friendly! He took time to explain everything that he had to offer. Although I wanted to buy the entire display, I chose an almond brioche which was absolutely amazing, as well as a few others to take home after work!!! Awesome place, Im sure to be a regular!
Homemade pastries and brunch.

So don't judge a book by its cover applies to this place.  As the owner explained to me they are expanding more downstairs so they currently are a work in progress.

The food however is not a work in progress.  Everything is homemade from the pastries to the macaroons.  

I really can not stress enough how much the food makes up for the rest of the experience.

Give it a try!
What an awesome addition to Pennsport! Very authentic French pastries that remind me of my trip to Paris, France. Armando the owner has been the head pastry chef at restaurants and his quality is top notch. It's their third week in business, and Armando has grand plans to expand the business and bring more French cuisine and become a bistro. 

This is an absolute must for anyone who loves great desserts. I'm beyond excited to be a five minute walk away!
Awful just plain awful sweet potato fries burnt to hell waffles dry and overcooked. When I called to explain to them my displeasure I was told that they would give me a refund. I didn't want a refund I just wanted my food cooked properly. I was then told if I order it again that's how it would be the second time. From the pictures you can see it's burned and it smelled burnt and it tasted burnt. Do yourself a favor and don't order the Sweet Potato Fries and Waffles from this place.
This used to by my boyfriend's and my go-to place.
Last night we placed an order, food arrived shortly before the restaurant closed. The dessert we ordered was incredibly cold. It was creme brulee and seeing as that's not typical of this dessert, I was suspicious. Not only that but the sugar coating was soft and sweaty. I've worked in the food industry for over 11 years and know that if a dessert is very cold like that, especially one that is typically served at room temperature, then it is correct to assume that it was stored in the refrigerator after another customer sent it back to the kitchen.

Anyway after eating our meal, we each ate a creme brulee. 
Towards the end of the dessert, I found a HAIR in mine. I can't even begin to tell you how disgusting it is to find a short black hair lodged within the creme brulee.

After contacting the restaurant the next day, they wouldn't even approve a refund for the price of the desserts! In all my years in this business not once have I encountered such sleazy and lazy customer service. 

What good is the taste of the food if you know a little black hair could be hidden within your meal? So gross!
Super delicious food, wonderful host, good prices.

Creme Brulee opened up recently in our neighborhood. Due to my sweet tooth tendencies, thanks to my Middle Eastern background, we've visited Creme Brulee a few times for takeout pastries and cookies. One word about the sweets: ADDICTIVE! 

Today we tried their brunch for the first time. The food was magnificent. We had the shakshouka and the Creme Brulee omelet. They both we very delicious. The shakshouka is very authentic, and Armando took the omelet to another level.

And speaking of Armando, he is a wonderful host. You can't go wrong with Creme Brulee's food or sweets.
If you need to just get away have a nice elegant cup of coffee in a real mug and one of the fluffiest lightest pastries that you can imagine and just relax for a few minutes this is the place for you. Go during the off hours I have seen lines. I had the croque misseur which I did find to be a bit salty but that could just be my personal taste. Everything else I really loved and I would recommend this place to anyone. It did seem a bit pricey but if you just need a nice quiet moment I think this is the place for you. Also if you're on your way to work and need a cuppa coffee and a Danish it's also the place for you.  They also have very quick delivery through Grubhub. Their baguettes are wonderful. And their multi grain baguette's are even more wonderful
My airbnb was down the street from this place during my trip and I was glad to have good coffee so close. The coffee tasted fresh each time I went. The only pastry I had was the Tiramisu because I loved it so much! I didn't even want to try anything else even though they all looked so good. My boyfriend had croissants each time and he liked them as well. 5 stars!
Worst place to eat 
So poor food, the pastries was ok not bad 
Food and service ¡Mediocre!!!
The reason I gave this place one star is because the pastries.
Pastries were good a bit old but tasty 
The day I went there I asked the waitress about the ingredients of the tarts and I saw her rolling her eyes and she answered me in an inappropriate way 
I was about to smack her face but I control myself 
I ordered a cheeseburger and a chocolate tart anyway
The results: a mediocre cheeseburger bland and soggy 
The tart Yummi!!!
A+++ pastries. 

I'm always looking for bakeries cause I got a serious sweet tooth but this place also has savory pastries like no ones business. I got a apple crumble danish, chocolate cream filled donut, and a goat cheese artichoke galette. Omg so good. They also have the regulars such as croissants, as well as chocolate and almond croissants. 

Super cute, but small bistro space. Next time I definitely want to try brunch, lunch, or dinner.
5French Onion Soup: Topped with gruyere cheese and a slice of French baguette- Great flavor with the rosemary and thyme. The cheese was perfectly melted. Be careful though the soup came out piping hot and remained that way until out sandwich came out!

5Schnitzel Club: Breaded chicken, bacon, tomato, avocado, red onion, and provolone cheese in a sourdough bread- This sandwich was sooo good and was borderline an adult grilled cheese as they light buttered and pan- fried the bread. The cheese was melted slightly as well. Come with an appetite as this sandwich is pretty big, I actually took a layer of chicken out and ate with the side salad.
I was Never to much of a bistro cafe guy I came here with the girlfriend and was surprised the assortment of fresh baked goodies they have are to die for and they make a slamming lunch as well I completed my thanksgiving dinner with a pecan pie to die for highly recommend and it's a small family restaurant plus definitely be coming back.
French Onion Soup. Extremely well seasoned broth. Lots of caramelized onions. Rosemary Toasted baguette. Served with shredded provolone cheese, though I went cheeseless. If you are a French onion soup fan - this is for you!
Did you ever wonder what would happen if a bakery tried their hand at pizza? BTW, it's a secret menu. It's not on their website. It's not offered to you when you sit. You have to know to ask for it!

You get this awesomeness!

Pepperoni/onion pizza. Super crispy charred crust, just the right amount of mozzarella, pepperoni and red onions. The crust was bubbly and chewy at the edges, but thin and crispy in the middle. The best of both worlds!  

BTW, the bakery items looked delicious!  I'll be back!
I've only been here twice, but I will definitely be back a ton more. This spot is the perfect location for a hearty breakfast or a sweet or savory treat. Not only is the food filling and delicious, the prices are really affordable as well. 

Both times I've come here, my kiddo has gotten the green juice and granola with yogurt and berries. He's not too great with his numbers yet, but based on his reaction to the food and the fact that he eats it all up, I'd say he'd agree with a 10 out of 10. He also really loves that we go inside for a special bakery treat before heading home. Ok fine, I'm not going to lie. It's really me that refuses to leave this place without a delicious treat. 

For me, I get the eggs with bacon and potatoes. The food is plentiful, fresh and cooked perfectly. Sometimes the kid and I trade a few bites too so we get to try 2 dishes instead of 1. That's a win in my book. 

So if your looking for something savory, something sweet, something hot or cold, this is your new place to check out.
We love this little neighborhood gem. I always get a combination of sides which are all so delicious. Great for vegans and vegetarians and they will alter your order as requested. 

The veggie burger is good but sometimes lacks a little flavor. My favorite is the roasted cauliflower side and the mashed potatoes.
Super excited to have this gem in the area! Stopped in on a Friday morning for a sweet breakfast treat. I was greeted first by the pleasant smell of baked goods, then by the owner who couldn't have been more gracious and friendly! He took time to explain everything that he had to offer. Although I wanted to buy the entire display, I chose an almond brioche which was absolutely amazing, as well as a few others to take home after work!!! Awesome place, Im sure to be a regular!
I stopped here based on the many 5 star reviews.   I have to say that the desserts and latte would rate them 5 stars but the lunch here was disappointing and would rate only 3.  

For dessert I had a pistachio eclair.  They had vanilla and chocolate as well but I went for the usual.   This was very good with a flavorful pistachio cream.  With that I took home the opera cake, the trio, and the Chambord and split the with family at night.  All great!   The cordato and the latte were perfect.

Lunch entrees were not as impressive, especially the croque monsieur.  This was just melted cheese on two slices of bread that could not be cut with a knife with a slab of deli ham in between and lettuce?   Very odd.  The only saving grace was the quality of the bread.

Service was OK.

This place is not handicapped accessible. Restroom is smallish with a very low commode.
Best almond croissants i have ever had. Owners are extremely friendly. This place is a standard part of my weekend routine now!
This place is such a welcome addition to the neighborhood!  We've only tried for breakfast so far, but we've ben about 5 times now and never been let down.  Highlights include tasty, delicious coffee, fresh baked pastries, and a reasonably priced, perfectly executed brunch menu.  I love that breakfast carbs come with eggs.  It solves my greatest breakfast dilemma.  Waffle with fresh fruit AND  scrambled eggs?  Yes please!  Not to mention the service is kind, generous, and eager to please!  When we're not here, we're discussing our next opportunity to visit.  Today, im sick and officially 9 months pregnant, so we opted for pastries to go.  I recommend the vanilla bean filled donut or the raspberry almond croissant... but I don't see how you could go wrong...
My 2 daughters and I stopped into this lovely place for dinner tonight.  The food was good and the service was excellent.  I had the chicken burger, which was so juicy it squirted all over with my first bite.  My kids both had the chicken finger platter, and they are very picky, but they loved their food.  The chicken fingers are definitely house made, not your average frozen stuff.  We also took home some macaroons which were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, very fresh.  All in all, good experience and I would recommend trying this place.  I'd like to go back to try the dinner entrees.
To start- This place is on par with "The Dutch" but still offers it's own personality and style. A thoughtful menu, decadent desserts, and weekly specials keep me coming back. I've been to Creme Brulee for Breakfast, lunch, and dinner and each time was a 5 star experience.  The owner certainly takes pride in each dish that is served- whether it is a fruit platter or the entree at dinner, he makes sure that the quality and standard are consistent and delicious. 

Just go and try it for yourself!!!
Went there to celebrate my sister's bday for dinner! Definitely a small space but we reserved our seats ahead of time and 8 people was definitely the max comfortable limit to have at our tables! 

While we waited for our orders, we demolished the bread and truffle butter. Very soft inside with a hard outer and flavored with oil. I ordered the New England Seafood Pasta and it was good. Had more cheese than expected and the shrimps could've been a bit softer. Tasted my sister's pork chop and it was beefy in flavor and the mash potatoes were deliciously slightly lumpy and smooth. Then we had a lemon tart and I just wanted a whole bowl of its custard after finishing it.

Definitely going to check the place out during an earlier time for it's bread and pastries!
If you are looking for French pastries no need to go anywhere else. This place rocks. If you didn't know you would think you are in Paris. Delicate, elegant and so tasty! Prices are actually good for the quality you are getting.
Croissants and brioche are divine!
new to the neighborhood - i came to find coffee and ended up staying for lunch. the girl at the counter was friendly and sweet. 

the menu has a lot of options - and the food portions are huge. reasonably priced for the amount of food you get ! 

i'll be back.
We were early for the Night Market in Pennsport tonight, so we walked around the surrounding neighborhood hoping to find some place for coffee.  Well, we found it and more--the nicest little patisserie where everything is made from scratch.  We had delicious iced coffee and at the owner, Armando's, recommendation we tried the mixed nut danish.  And, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever actually had a homemade danish before--no resemblance whatsoever to the usual variety--this one was almost like a croissant in texture  After tasting one of his butter cookies, we each took home a bag.   I wish Armando loads of success.  Delicious pastry and low prices----I wish I lived a lot closer!
A must try! They also deliver which is awesome because it's fast and delicious! Plus a free delivery fee is hard to come by anymore and it's greatly appreciated and I try to reflect that in my tip! Super good food and great portions
What a find! The food is outstanding. Friendly atmosphere with a great selection of authentic french cuisine.
Only downside is I wasn't sure it was open, the windows are dark. Try the door; they're open everyday but Tuesday
Was visiting Philadelphia for the first time for a weekend and happened to run into this place. Very warm and cozy. Went there for Sunday brunch and boy I couldn't walk after that. The best thing to try are the croissants, hands down. Loved the spinach croissant the most. The service was very good. Also, the place was full of tons of regular customers it seemed. Was definitely worth the visit.
Great food and location! 


Must try it. 


A bit pricey but worth it. 

Would recommend it!

Kee up the good service and food.
I have now had weekend breakfasts, sampled most of their pastries, and went for dinner with a friend. The food is amazing. Period. This past dinner, had the Quiche Lorraine... which was, without question, the best quiche I have ever tasted... and the salad was delicious. I canot recommend this place enough. So friggin good!
Cobb salad and quiche were fresh and delicious. They have a multiple selection of desserts which look amazing. Cappuccino and coffee were tasty. The cafe is small and cozy. The waitress was very sweet. The food is well priced. Can't wait to return to try some of those great looking desserts.
As a French guy I always look for a good croissant :)
Here you will find the best of Philadelphia !
Each bite brings me closer to france ...
Wow, I love this place. The owners are kind and gracious and most importantly they know how to bake delicious breads and pastries. The coffee, sandwiches and hot food are excellent too. This place will definitely become a neighborhood fixture!
Really awesome, little spot in South Philly. Definitely a must for anyone living in the area that hasn't been yet! 

I had their Creme Brûlée Omelet which was great, I'm normally skeptical of cherry tomatoes in an omelet but it was perfect and very filling. My friend and real estate partner Rich had their fish and chips and loved it, all I can say is that it looked fantastic!

I also grabbed a lemon tart on my way out that was to die for! They make all their pastries in house, and I'm looking forward to trying their mixed berry tart next time I'm in the neighborhood. Would highly recommend.
We've been desperately searching for a brunch spot in Pennsport, and we are thrilled to have stumbled upon Creme Brûlée. At first glance, this cafe is unsuspecting; we walked by a few times before we realized what it was. From the coffee to food to pastries, we were head over heels in love. The coffee was distinct, unique, and flavorful. Our meal was fresh, colorful, and delicious. We ended brunch with a fruit tart, which was perfectly balanced and not overly sweet. I honestly can't wait to go back.
So far I've been here twice with my husband and have tried hot and now iced coffee and both times our drinks have been flavorless and very expensive. You get up-charged for adding a flavor (ex. Vanilla) and when asked for almond milk instead of whole turns out that was an additional charge too. Two lattes for over $11 with no taste? Don't go here! Already made the mistake of coming here 2 times. There are so many better places both for value and taste in Philly. Don't come here for coffee.
Amazing place. I got the almond and ham and cheese croissant, now I'm hooked. Can't wait to try the other things they offer.
Aptly named, the Creme Brulee is great!

It's probably the best Creme Brulee I've ever had.  Great torched caramelized crust with a perfect crispy crust.   The interior is super creamy and egg yokey for sure but not crazy rich.  At least not to me.  I can eat two of these for sure and it's not because the portion size is small.  On the contrary, it's a great size and also portioned to go if you do takeout.  I'd caution against togo for the Creme Brulee as the crust quality (as expected of course) deteriorates when it's not eaten ASAP after being torched.  

The T-Rex sized macaroons are great as well.  I specifically like the pistachio macaroons for their delicate crust and a good strong pistachio flavor.

Croissants, especially the almond, great flaky, crispy, almond flavor, fresh, and buttery, all qualities of a great croissant.

Parking is a big pain.  This might be the worst restaurant I've been to in Philly for parking.   I may say this for several other restaurants in Philly but this is extremely bad.  I continually illegally park to run in and run out.  It's too bad parking isn't easier.
Homemade tasty desserts! Everything was delicious, especially the creme brûlée. I would definitely come back to try out other things.
I live around the corner and have always loved this place until this morning. We walked in around 11:00am and saw there were no open tables. We waited outside, in the rain waiting for a table to open up. After 10 minutes a couple got up and moved toward the front counter waiting for a to go order. I asked one of the servers for a table for 2 and she pointed to the dirty table that just opened up. I waited in the front doorway for one of the 2 servers to clear and clean the table. Waited about 10 more minutes while they were more interested in waiting on the take out customers. We finally sat at the dirty table hoping that one of the servers would take the cue and come over and clear and clean the table. Nope, she came over with menus and I had to ask to have the table wiped off. She left and came back with a dirty rag and wiped down the table leaving 3 unused glasses upside down on the table from the last customers. After she walked away, we realized the table was still sticky and dirty. At this point we had lost our appetite and got up and walked out. No one even asked what was wrong? This is no way to run a business! If you can't handle sit down dining and only seem to care about take out orders, STOP serving and just do take out. I'm very sad about today's experience since I really love the food here and it's only 4 blocks from my house. Message to the owner....find better servers or just do take out! Not fare to those of us that want to sit down and eat! I would love the opportunity to discuss this with the owner! I look forward to a response.
I have lived in the neighborhood for 5 years and ever since Creme Brulee opened, they have been nothing other then excellent. I have sampled many things in this restaurant from the pastries down to the entree's. Everything here is top notch. 

Even though this a French influenced Bistro, their Pizza is phenomenal. 

Just an FYI, they are open for take out during the Covid-19 crisis.
Finally made it here and what a great experience! The French onion soup is fantastic! The quiche Laraine was so flavorful and very light. Loved the sweet potato fries. Really cute space (see pics).  Service was five stars! Easy parking compared to downtown.
This place is very small and cute , when I got here at noon the pastry selection in the display were sparce  and the rest of the baked goods were sitting on the top of the display exposed to germs and whatever else that could've landed on it so I ended up not getting any.
What I did get was the croque monsieur and a side fries (dipped in batter) and shakshuka- both were ok.
The juice filled  Mason jars in the display says fresh juice that confused me for *fresh squeezed*- it's not .
I'd come back but at an earlier time when they have more pastry options to take home.
I am obsessed with tiny cafes and brunch spots, and South Philly is the perfect place to find a ton of them! My boyfriend and I stopped by for a Christmas Eve brunch, and the quaint cafe with only one other couple felt warm, greeting us with a refrigerated case of sweet goods. I got the French Toast while he got the Classic Burger, as well as coffee and Earl Grey, and everything was made pretty well. 

I was excited that the berry coulis was not too sweet, and the french toast wasn't soggy but had a great crisp on the outside as well as a soft inside. I was a little disappointed with the scrambled eggs being a little too underdone for my tastes but I'm just picky so I'm not going to fault them on that. They did, however, forget to add his cheese, but that was fixed pretty quickly. His report: burger cooked to proper temperature, coffee was decent.

The food was overall pretty good, but it certainly didn't blow my socks off. I'm a sucker for atmosphere and it's hard to gauge a place based on one visit, so I'll be sure to come back with more fun details on other menu items!
I stopped here with a friend for dessert and coffee and was surprised to see the takeout business that they do here. I was not aware that they did more than dessert here and was pleasantly surprised to see really delicious entrees being delivered to tables as well as being wrapped up to go. I will definitely be back for dinner. Dessert was great also we split a tiramisu and a lemon square..both were delicious and reason enough to return. Great little spot on a quiet corner in South Philly - it's still a bit of a sleeper so go sooner than later.
Discovered this gem after it popped up on the Best of Philly list this year. It definitely lives up to its title! 
I have never been disappointed with anything I order here. My first time here, we ordered the waffle and Schnitzel club. The waffle was perfection- great texture and the dulce de leche tasted amazing. I love that the sweet dishes come with a side of eggs so you automatically get sweet and savory in one order, plus this place serves some of the best scrambled eggs I've had at any breakfast place. 
Next time around we ordered the raspberry crepe and the Croque Monsieur and again was perfectly satisfied with every element of the meal. 
You can't go wrong with ordering one of the giant macarons for dessert. I haven't strayed from the pistachio flavored one yet because it's just that good. I tried the fruit tart as well which looks prettier than it tastes, but the macaron helped to compensate for that experience. 
Hope this place doesn't blow up too much since I love being able to walk in with a minimal wait time, it's one of my favorite brunch spots in the city.
this place is so pleasantly surprising. so happy it's in the neighborhood!! ask about specials!!!
This place has such an awesome reputation that I will consider revisiting my next trip through Philadelphia, but it was just "ok" food wise. I'm not impressed, but I really wanted to be 
My sister lives in this neighborhood and took me to her favorite place for brunch. We brought a bottle of moscato(it is byob) and we're greeted quickly by the staff. The service was fantastic, from start to finish. That needs to be said. The seating area is small, but even on a Saturday we did not have to wait. They even have an outdoor area. 
My sister recommended the California Benedict. I am a huge Benny fan so I quickly took the suggestion.  Hollandaise is one of my favorite breakfast sides! The Benedict is served on top of homemade bread, seasoned potatoes, two eggs, hollandaise, and fresh greens. Visually it was impressive! Taste wise, it was bland. The eggs and potato's were cold. My sister said her potatoes were cold but her omelette was hot. I'm assuming they poached the eggs first, but they were not even luke warm. The most upsetting was the hollandaise sauce.  It did not have a distinct taste and was also cold. 

I trust my sister and these reviews rave about this place! I just didn't have a good first visit and I left without a memorable food experience.
Neighborhood Gem!
Truly a spectacular spot for those in the know. Family has gotten delivery from here countless times since they opened. (So close they often walk the couple blocks to deliver it). What took me so long to write a review: well, I'm just not big on writing reviews. Writing this one now (and several others) after reading how reviews translate to increase growth rate for the establishment, and this place delivers the quality product that deserves their growth. 
So, we have had their Pepperoni Pizza, Fish & Chips, Po Boy, Chicken Tenders, Meatball Sandwich, French Onion Soup, Schnitzel and Cobb Salad. Everything has been fresh and tasty EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. Raised in Philly I prefer my Meatball on a hoagie roll but can't fault a French place for choosing a baguette. Still delicious no matter how they serve it up!
I came in during early lunch hoping to try the pizza but this is served in the afternoon unless I missed it due to my bad eye sight.  

I started with the honey spice latte and French onion which was good tho not as cheesy as parcs and I had to try the shakshuka with sausage after wanting to try shakshuka after always seeing dizengoffs ig posts lol. 
 
The bread that comes with the shakshuka is good and I'd say it's better to get with the added sausage.  

It's not a big place so could fill up quickly and there's a lot of good looking pastries. 

The pizza looks good as does the specials and the brunch I'll have to come back for
