Sorry to be a cry baby but we had a pretty bad experience here. Hence the name perhaps. Either food and service were both bad or this place likes to serve clumped up pasta. Pasta noodles came out all stuck together and when we asked our server about it he brazenly told us this is how egg based noodles turn out. If you guys enjoy noodles all clumped up look no further, this is your place.
The food was not good. I was really surprised this place got such great reviews. The food isn't ok, it's actually bad. Bad flavor pairings, mushy bread. Worst than bad bar food. I'm definitely disappointed I spent so much on food I didn't enjoy. I'd rather eat at Applebee's and I haven't eaten there in 13 years. I will never eat here again. The drinks are good though.
My friends and I had dinner at Cry Baby Pasta last night. The space is pretty and fun and I liked the music selection, even though I did think it was a bit too loud. As the restaurant filled up, I noticed things got even louder, and I was distracted by both the music and the din of other diners' conversations. Some soundproofing might help. 

We started with Italian salad, meatballs, and two types of bruschetta. My friend also had the egg drop soup. I thought all of these dishes sounded great, and they were all nice, but nothing blew me away. Also, realizing we spent $15 on four total pieces of bruschetta has me scratching my head a little bit.

My friends opted for large plates as their entrees while I went with the rigatoni. The pasta was cooked perfectly and I loved the texture and spicy kick of the sauce, but wasn't a big fan of the smoked chicken.  

The desserts menu was really small, featuring just two main attractions and some ice creams and sorbets. We shared the torta della nonna for dessert, which was my favorite part of the meal. Everything about it was perfection, and I would happily pop in just to have that dessert and a cup of their really excellent coffee again. 

One thing that irritated me was that our server continued to squeeze through a tight space between my chair and a chair from the table behind us when she could have walked around. She always excused herself, but I had to move my chair every single time which was really annoying. I'd suggest creating a bit more space between tables/removing a chair from the corner table where we were seated if this is a continuous issue. 

Overall, I thought we had an okay meal, and the dessert stole the show. I'm interested in returning sometime to try more of the menu.
I had a great experience at Cry Baby Pasta on Saturday night! My friend and I had a reservation at 8:00pm and walked in to a full house. Although our table wasn't ready upon arrival and it took about ten minutes to actually be seated, we didn't really mind the wait. We were told we could get a drink at the bar while we waited but decided to pass on that. 

After we were seated, we were quickly provided menus and chose three appetizers to start with. We selected the charred broccoli, meatballs and buffalo mozzarella bruschetta. The charred broccoli was nice and garlicky, but honestly, nothing to rave about. The meatballs were delicious. My only complaint was the portion size. We got six meatballs in an order which were probably the size of three regular sized meatballs if you were to combine them. They came with a great tomato sauce that we ended up not finishing because there weren't enough meatballs. I would have loved to have a couple more to finish the sauce. Lastly, the Buffalo bruschetta - another delicious appetizer. The bread was smothered with a basil honey that I loved. Between the meatballs and the buffalo bruschetta, it's hard to pick a favorite!

As for entrees, my friend and I shared two pasta dishes: rigatoni and tagliatelle. Although the tagliatelle was good, it wasn't even comparable to the rigatoni. The rigatoni was fantastic! The pasta was cooked perfectly, the vodka sauce was great and there was pancetta and smoked chicken tossed in which gave it a nice and spicy kick. This was probably one of the best pasta dishes I've had in recent times. 

Our waitress was wonderful and her service was on point throughout the night. She was friendly and offered suggestions when asked. We were approached by what seemed to be the general manager in the middle of our meal who asked us if we were enjoying everything. We quickly responded with a firm "YES"!

I hope to return to Cry Baby Pasta again sometime. My fiancé is a big fan of Italian food so I'm sure my next visit will be for a date night!
My restaurant policy:   If I leave your restaurant hungry, I will never return.  It doesn't matter if your food is great (it was mediocre at best), or if your service is spectacular (which it wasn't).  If I have to go home and eat chips after paying $100, I will not be a happy camper, period.
Yass I think I found my new favorite neighborhood joint!

Cry Baby Pasta is simple, straightforward Italian food, refined in taste and presentation.  Menu is just right - not too much and not too skimpy.  Don't come here with expectations of massive South Philly slop portions.  It's a PROPER serving of pasta.  Trust me, I like a big ol' bowl of carbload like the next person, but sometimes it's nice to not feel pressured to finish or have to take a doggy bag home (especially when it's a late dinner and you're going out somewhere immediately after).

With that said, next time I come, I'm ordering a ton of apps and wine for the table and going that route.  We started with the grilled artichoke, smoked ricotta/mushroom bruschetta and the arugula salad, and then each got the tagliatelle bolognese for entrees. Everything was absolutely delicious (although I will say the very tasty bite of artichoke was pretty small to be considered a shareable appetizer, so it left me wanting more). The arugula salad was perfect.  Our tagliatelles were dope and perfectly portioned.  I've never seen or tasted a bolognese of that variety, almost like a blush/cream vodka sauce. I said to my BF: "I mean this is the nicest way possible...this reminds me of Hamburger Helper."  But like ELEVATED.  If HH went to Cambridge and got all bougie.  Effin' delicious.

But we both agreed that the best part was the bruschetta...it was FANTASTIC.  Plus, they have a few different varieties to choose from and I want to go back to try them all.  My mouth was watering for it the next day, and still is.  In fact, it was so good, instead of dessert we ordered the buffalo mozzarella bruschetta AFTER our entrees cause we needed another taste. The mushroom one was oh so salty and smoky and the honey drizzle on mozzarella one was a delight.  Both  were creamy and crunchy - truly the perfect bite.  Would I classify it as "bruschetta"?  Probably not.  But a damn good appetizer nonetheless.

We paired our meals with really good red and white wine (the menu is expansive in this area) and plus, our server was on point even for the super busy Saturday night crowd.  Prices were reasonable for the quality of what you're getting.  Will definitely return!
A perfect place for a Sunday evening comfort meal in February is Cry Baby Pasta in Queen Village,  This stylish but still warm décored restaurant makes its own pastas and does a wonderful job at that.  Getting together with a couple of friends after a Sunday matinee theatre performance, Cry Baby was an excellent choice - with just one misstep.

The misstep for me came early.  I ordered the tortellini en brodo to begin my meal.  This soup was only okay at best - served totally lukewarm rather than hot with a portion size that was extremely small for thirteen dollars.  I could have def used a little more flavor as well. Fortunately the meal got better from there.  One friend loved her spaghetti pomodoro, the fritto misto was fried lightly and came out perfectly, and my rigatoni with vodka sauce and pancetta hit the spot.  Service was friendly and we were all happy we stopped in at this Queen Village eatery.  But I will never order the tortellini en brodo again.
EDIT - I have to conclude this place gave me food poisoning. It is 8 hours later and my body is JUST beginning to settle from spewing out both ends.
----------------------

What. A Shit Show.

Literally.

Let me start by saying, the people who work here are very nice. They're kind and polite and attentive and that's really great. It's not enough to save me from my experience this evening, but it should be noted.

I sat down and my server Jen was great. I ordered the charred broccoli, and after I ordered it Jen raved about it. When it came out, it was INSANELY undercooked. It wasn't 'al dente'; it was RAW. The florets were a little better fare, but the stems were literally inedible. I tried to eat a piece of a stem and sat there chewing it for several minutes, endeavoring to bite through with my teeth.

When Jen came back she asked me, you know "Wasn't I right about how great that is?" and I had to be honest and say it wasn't. I'm not really good about asking to have things removed from my check but I should've because this was garbage.

For my entree I ordered the casarecce. It's a twisted pasta dish with roasted mushrooms and a leek 'ragu.' Except it definitely was NOT that by any stretch.

First, "ragu" by definition contains meat. I assumed I was getting a leek and meat sauce, probably beef. What I got was a white sauce, no meat, and not a trace of leek flavor. It was overwhelmed by the mushroom flavor.

Now when I ordered this I asked if I could add a grilled chicken breast. I was told I could not. Apparently there is really NO way to add a protein of any kind to any dish at this restaurant. And that's fine, that's how they do. But after the broccoli issue, Jen suggested they could add some of the smoked chicken that comes with the rigatoni, "gratis", to compensate me. I said yes.

There were like MAYBE three or four TINY little pieces of chicken in my pasta. So. Thanks I guess. (Again this doesn't reflect on Jen.)

So I ate all of the pasta even though it was mediocre at best because at this point I only had 1/3rd of an edible broccoli app and I was really, really hungry. The actual pasta, made on site, was overly doughy and far too long (it should be cut in half like most casarecce.)

After this I just wanted to relax, and I never treat myself to dessert so I ordered the pumpkin cheesecake with a cappucino (made with cream) and also asked for the Budino to go. As I was ordering this I suddenly had the overwhelming, urgent and out-of-nowhere need to go to the bathroom.

So while I was waiting for the dessert to come out, I did go. And when I was done and stood up, I immediately had to go again. And I realized: something I ate has made me sick.

I don't know if it was the undercooked broccoli or the underdone pasta (the irony,) but my stomach was turning flips. And I had just ordered a coffee drink (brilliant.)

I do want to say this: the cheesecake was exceptional, and the cappucino was perfection. Honestly if this place was open earlier in the day I might come by for just dessert and coffee like EVERY day.

But as I was eating this dessert, I had to go to the bathroom again. Urgently. And I realized it was time to go home ASAP.

So I left my card, because at this point the place was getting full tables and Jen was very occupied. And things started just getting really more and more upsetting because I wanted to go home like NOW, because my body was NOT happy.

Fortunately Jen did see my card while I was in the bathroom. I came out and wanted to sign it and get the Hell out of there, and then her pen exploded all over my hands. It really was the insult to injury moment where I crossed the line from frustrated and disappointed to actively upset. I was clenching my bowels, desperate to go home, and there I was trapped because I had ink everywhere and couldn't sign my credit receipt.

Then in a true coup de grâce, just a chef's kiss moment on what had devolved into genuine unpleasantness, an employee had to open up the ground level double doors that lead into the cellar...which happened to be located directly next to my chair and bang against it as he went down. 

Clearly the hostess - again, just the nicest person - could see I was upset because she asked if everything was ok as I walked by. So I did take a moment to tell her: your food has given me diarrhea. Which is not something I would normally say to a stranger but it's just like...in that moment, I wanted to scream.

So listen. I dunno WTF was going on with the food tonight. People clearly love this place, and I wish I could give it another try considering it is a thirty second walk from my font door to theirs... but it seems unlikely.
I truly feel like for the most part I threw $62 (with tip) into the garbage...or should I say down the toilet. I'm literally still experiencing the GI effects of this meal; I had to stop writing this review briefly because of it.
We started the meal with the fritto misto and buffalo mozzarella. The fritto misto came out first but I wish that it never came out. This was terrible the seafood was overcooked and felt terrible in my mouth. The seafood also had a stanky odor which detracted from the taste. 

Buffalo mozzarella was served on nice thick slices of toast which was quite good. The basil honey was a quirky color and is surprisingly good on cheese and toast!

The pastas came out and I laughed my ass off. The tortellini looked like the world record holder for smallest bowl of wonton soup. This was $20 btw. I'm a pretty tiny human but I could actually eat ten bowls of this. Please reference my photo attachment.

The tagliatelle was not great. The noodles were left to boil in the water a bit too long and were tough to chew through. 

Dessert was a fun little treat. But nearly impossible to cut apart with a fork. I should have asked for a knife or chainsaw. No real flavor in the custard. 

Service was great! Drinks were brought out in a timely fashion and plates were cleared between courses. Bravo!

Not sure what others ate here to warrant the rave reviews. Maybe I just ordered all the wrong stuff. If I ever come back I'll just order four servings of the buffalo mozzarella, I'll pass on everything else.
what can I say about this place that isn't already said? 
This has become a mainstay of Philly dining in the time of Covid 19. But here is why I keeeeeep coming back...

You know when you're on the couch and want to eat a huge bowl of cheezy pasta? But you end up making a ton of it and you feel ashamed of the amount of pasta you have to now eat all alone. And it's so good you don't share. --This is that food. This is the food you see on TV and tell yourself "I'm going to go to Sicily. I'm going to drink wine in the Mediterranean. I'm going to Be Mama Mia!" This is the kind of food that makes you wish the restrictions were gone, and you could gather a bunch of friends and share alike. I have been here a few times and the take out orders really hold up. I mean it's a fairly long ride home, and it's legit. 
I am impressed fully but the level of talent is this restaurant.
If I don't stop watching 6 ABC FYI edition on Saturdays I will be in financial ruin. While watching TV the day before I decide to go out to dinner I happened to see information on TV about this restaurant. I'm not necessarily that big on pasta but pictures can say 1000 words. The overall look of the restaurant and how the meals were plated it was very intriguing to me. I called the restaurant about five minutes before they opened and I was able to set up a reservation for the next 15 minutes.  

When I arrived I was immediately greeted and seated. My server was prompt and friendly.  Although she pointed out the specials on the menu there were no suggestions made and no offers to answer any questions asked. But I generally do not require assistance choosing food. 

The restaurant has a nice layout, the newness allows the restaurant to have a bright appearance although it's dimly lit. But the ambiance and decor is on trend. The bar is a fairly decent size, it's needed as people immediately gravitated towards it. It could have been the friendly and animated server at the bar mixed in with the presence of one of the owners.

I ordered the Rigatoni it's served with smoked chicken and red cherry peppers (finely chopped)., it was to die for. Sadly I'm one of those Americans who believe you should have some bread or rolls before or with your meal. It was not to be,  which put a slight damper on things for me.  I understand it's a 'me thing'. But I like bread!Nevertheless the service was great as was the food so, I'll get over it! I'm sure to return soon.
During COVID-19 I had take out.  Way too expensive for take out pasta and really small portion sizes.  Great example is the garlic bread were two small slices.   I wasn't super impressed buy the dishes or recipes also.  Pretty disappointed overall.  I had heard great things but the entire experience was really underwhelming.

Had the portions or prices reflected a Covid take out situation and not a person going yoBYOB at there Restaurant dining I might give it another star.
We had high hopes for this place, but (admittedly) as Italian food and pasta snobs, this place fell short. You know it's not a great situation when the appetizers are better than the pastas at a pasta place -- but the salad, broccolini, and meatballs were actually the highlight of our meal. The quality of the homemade noodles was good, but they were oversauced and all sauces were super acidic. Additionally, while our starters came out right away, we waited for what seemed like an inordinately long time for our pasta main courses. Didn't feel worth crossing town for.
Probably one  the worst food experiences i ever had....i think some of the reviews are definitely fake...we waited a half hour to be seated even though reservations were made. The meatballs were so small and not much flavor. The orchetta pasta so bland and the pasta was over cooked and over priced.  Nothing was good and it was too expensive- save your money and time- go to Lorenzo's and get yourself a slice of pizza because you will need it to forget this horrible and bland experience
Example: ordered appetizers: Caesar salad was 10$ and such a tiny portion of lettuce doesn't even taste anything like caesar dressing. Grilled artichokes came out good but extremely small portion 3 artichokes hearts and that's it! We also got a fried calamari with shrimp dish and half the plate was the shrimp's fried head (non edible). Over all very expensive for very tiny portions. Sorry to say but will never repeat experience.
We ate here on a Friday night. We called for a reservation and got one without a problem. The restaurant was packed when we arrived and we were seated quickly, which was nice. The tables were too close together to be able to sit comfortably or get up to use the restroom without disturbing other guests. I know it's the city, but man it was tight in there. 

We had the meatballs, Caesar salad, artichokes, crispy potatoes and rigatoni with smoked chicken. The meatballs were small, but had good flavor. Caesar salad was WAY too salty - I didn't think anyone could mess up a Caesar salad, but now I know you can. Artichokes were the real disappointment. I loved the flavor of the grilled artichokes with the balsamic and parm, but it was literally one artichoke cut in half - for $10??? Wtf. We finished with the rigatoni, which was delicious. It has some heat behind it, but the combo of the peppers, pancetta and chicken and vodka sauce made for great texture and taste. Finally we had the crispy potatoes, which were good, but they were not crispy as advertised. Basil pesto was good!

Overall, probably would not come back.
Just visiting Philly for the weekend and noticed a new spot just opened so stopped by right when they opened.

It's a really fun, lively spot with great pastas and other Italian food. Get one of the bruschettas to start, probably the great Buffalo Mozzarella one ($8) and then get a bunch of pastas and you will leave happy.
Very disappointed! The pasta was not as good as I expected. For a place to specialize in pasta, the pasta has to be amazing... and it was just average. Meatballs were SOOO tiny too. Not worth going back. 

One star for the interior and one star for my waiter because he was so nice!
tl;dr a friendly neighborhood pasta joint, but despite the fresh ingredients, the dishes fail to be greater than the sum of their parts

A new-ish addition to Queen Village, Cry Baby Pasta promises a chic take on made-from-scratch comfort food. 

As I struggled to find a reservation to appeal to adventurous and conservative palates alike, I scrolled past a picture of Cry Baby on my Instagram feed. One quick glance at the menu later, I was confident that everyone in my party would find a solid dish. I have been dying to sink my teeth into more crab this summer, so seeing the crab pastas on the menu sold me. Within minutes, I had made a reservation for 4 a week before the upcoming weekend.

Tucked away just a block from South Street, the location is refreshingly clear of the suffocating crowds. Armed with numerous umbrellas and an assortment of 2- and 4-seater tables, each with ample room on either side, Cry Baby is ideal for COVID outdoor dining. I arrived to find my group already seated at a plastic fold-out table, decorated with groovy ceramic plates and pastel paper menus. Our server was good on the small-talk and eager to answer questions without coming off as overbearing.

My partner and I decided to split the Mushroom Bruschetta, the Campanelle, and the Linguine. Within a few minutes, our appetizer was whisked out, two slices of grilled toast delicately topped with ricotta and mushroom slices. I ravenously took a bite, and it was...okay? The "toast" erred more on the side of "bread," and the toppings themselves were bland, begging for a zingy sauce to glue to dish together. Hopefully that this was just a single misstep (I was at a pasta restaurant, after all), I cleared my mind and my palate for the main course. Yet, my crab linguine similarly was underwhelming. Each ingredient alone was tasty--for example, homemade pasta itself had a very pleasant texture and flavor. Yet, the combination didn't coalesce into a cohesive, mouthwatering plate. My partner's cheesy corn and lamb ragu campanelle was better, but with only a sprinkle of meat, I found myself left with a (moderately delicious) bowl of pasta and corn. In contrast, I had a taste of a friend's Basil Pesto Spaghetti, which had perhaps the most cohesive flavor of any dish I tried -- alas, I had but a bite.

Perhaps my eager expectations were too high, but Cry Baby just missed the mark for me. At $10 for the toasts and $20 per pasta, the prices are on par with peer farm-to-table style cucinas. But with so many alternatives throughout Philly, I don't anticipate Cry Baby becoming a routine part of my dining rotation.
Wow rarely am I THIS impressed with a new restaurant, especially italian food ( I lived in Italy so I'm a bit spoiled) but cry baby really hit a home run with me. A friend of mine came from NY to visit and made us a reservation. The place was jam  packed, so reservation is the way to go. The menu consists of some small plates, a few salads, a few bruschetta options and several pasta dishes. We started with the bacalao crufo with calabrian chili and the chicken liver bruschetta. The crudo was perfectly put together, paper thin pieces of fish and just the right amount of chili. The bruschetta was seriously one of the best things I've eaten in a LONG time. The texture of the mouse was perfect, smooth and creamy. The addition of balsamic reduction was killer. For our entree we split the meatball plate and spaghetti cacio pepe. The meatballs were super flavorful, and the smoked ricotta under then really worked. The pasta was cooked to absolute perfection. It did need more pepper but once we added fresh cracked it was awesome. All in all a fantastic restaurant that I'll be frequenting probably too much!
Not worth the hype. The portion size of the pasta plates is laughable. Overpriced for the quality and portion size.
Our experience here was solidly OK. We had a reservation for three people on Saturday night at 7:30 for outdoor dining. We were seated fairly promptly. The tables were pretty spaced out and there were space heaters between every other table or so, so it was pretty comfortable to sit outside even though it was a chilly night. I have to say that the seats were not entirely comfortable (small, super hard, no arm rest), but maybe that was just our experience.

The food was fine -- we got a potato dish as an appetizer and cacio e Pepe, eggplant parm, and another pasta dish (rigatoni) for entrees. Nothing awful but also nothing to write home about. The eggplant parm was somewhat greasy and heavy. The cacio e Pepe was fine but certainly not the best I've had in the city. 

The drinks were alright too. The servers didn't really seem to know how to describe the drinks, so a few of the drinks that we got were different from what we expected based on the server's description. 

That brings me to my final point. I think this experience could've been a lot better if the service was better. I get that it's a Saturday night and it was busy, but that's not really much of an excuse when every restaurant in the city is packed. We waited probably 10 to 15 minutes after we were seated for our server to come to the table. Another five minutes after that and she brought a water jug for the table but no water glasses. Another five minutes later she brought the water glasses. Our service was largely disjointed the entire night. We had to ask multiple times for a spill on our table to be wiped. 

Finally at the end of the night, after we had just gotten the bill but were still very much working on our drinks, someone (I'm guessing the manager?) came over and asked if we would switch tables because it was someone's birthday party and they wanted our table because they had planned a surprise. After we switched tables, literally no one came by and asked if we needed anything. It seemed like we were being rushed out which was not great. Overall, I'm not sure that I'll be back when there's so many other great Italian spots in the city.
During COVID-19 I had take out.  Way too expensive for take out pasta and really small portion sizes.  Great example is the garlic bread were two small slices.   I wasn't super impressed but the dishes or recipes also.  Pretty disappointed overall.  

Had the portions or prices reflected a Covid take out situation and not a BYOB at there Restaurant dining I might give it another star.
I was the crybaby after I ate here because I was starving. Very skimpy and overhyped.
Not what I expected at all. I had high hopes going in because of the fact that they make their own pasta. The food was good but definitely not worth the price. 

There were four of us. We started with the meatballs, charred broccoli, chicken liver bruschette, and buffalo mozzarella bruschette. All were delicious - my favorite had to be the charred broccoli. For the main course, we ordered roast pork, chicken francaise, orecchiette, tagliatelle, and rigatoni. Chicken fancaise was delicious and thetagliatelle was my favorite pasta. 

Not worth going back to though.
Growing up in downtown philly, living in government housing, I had quite the limitations on the food I could enjoy. Eating a mayo sandwich, ramen noodles, and plain rice were my daily entrees. So when eating out in a restaurant, anywhere I eat seems like an explosion of flavor and bliss in my mouth. Naturally, due to my demographics and cultural background, I have been in and out of prison a few times. The day a man gets out of prison and into the halfway house, you start to appreciate life because of all the hardship you have been through. Crybaby pasta reminded me of prison. Unfortunately, the food was not quite as good though. The upsetting part was that Freddy from cell 28 wasn't there to make a hookup. But just like getting out of prison, when I got out from this restaurant and got home, I appreciated my wife's cooking so much.

P.s bruschetta is supposed to be toasty, not burnt.
We've been to Cry Baby three times recently and it needs improvement. Table management is awful. First time we went they told us they had a table for us, but after a 20 minute wait, they told us they were booked. The next time we waited ten minutes to pickup because the hostess was MIA. Eight other people had reservations and we're waiting to be seated. My wife tells me the branzino and eggplant parm are both good. I've gotten the tagliatelle bolognese twice. Like other reviews I found the portions to be very small and there was little meat in the meat sauce. The caesar salad was equally unimpressive, just a few romaine leaves with caesar dressing on the side. I'd really like to like this place but so far the food and service have been mediocre at best.
I was disappointed with my visit here. I wanted to like it so badly because i loved the vibe and it seemed like everyone else likes it here, but alas, it wasn't in the cards for me.

We started off with a mishap of our reservation-  we made it for 4 but they said they had us down for two. Not too big of a problem we just hung at the bar and they gave us a free app for our trouble which was appreciated.

I had looked at the menu the week leading up to my visit and was so excited to try the rigatoni- vodka sauce, pancetta, smoked chicken, and cherry peppers. These are all of my favorite things. I just really couldn't get past the texture of the chicken- it was chewy and just not good. We also had the crispy potatoes with basil pesto which were good, the meatballs, and bainbridge greens. We also got dessert, some frozen chocolate covered sugar contraption that was difficult to eat. All in all, i just wasn't pleased. It took way too long And i overall didn't enjoy the food.
Very disappointed. I was excited for this restaurant to open as it seemed like a good addition to the area. However the serving size and price make it bot worth it. 

I attended the soft opening on New Years Eve for a drink and talked to the the owner and manager who were very friendly. They mentioned the downfall of the previous restaurant at this location (Ella) and how it didn't work because they charged high prices for the area and they assured me that they wouldn't do that and keep it more affordable. 

Fastfoward a month when I went here for my birthday with my girlfriend. It was pretty loud in there but there were a lot of people in there but some acoustical panels or something to help with all the hard surfaces bouncing noise around would help. The food portions where also very small and expensive, nothing like the owners and manager said it would be like. Not to mention the menu was very limited but that may have been due to being new. 

I ordered a tortellini and was very disappointed. While the food was good I got about 8 small pieces of pasta for about $18 which is absurd. Also my girlfriend who doesn't eat meat was stuck with the pasta pomadoro because that was the only non meat pasta they offered and could not make changes to other items. We ordered 2 glasses of wine, an appetizer, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts total and the bill came out to being close to $100 for 2 people. For such small portions I feel like we were ripped off. 

I'm extremely disappointed and had high hope's for this place but was severely let down. While the food was good I definitely won't be going back till the price or portion size issues are addressed. I have also talked to others who have been here and have heard similar things and others I have told about my experience where similarly disappointed and will wait to go here until the issues are addressed
I'd been ultra excited to visit brand-spankin' new Cry Baby Pasta and kept a watchful eye on Resy in hopes of snagging a pre-9pm spot. Luckily, we got one! But holy shit, this is one of the loudest restaurants I've ever been to in my life. I'll brave high decibels for stellar food, though, so noise is never a deal-breaker for me.

We ordered garlic butter toast, buffalo mozzarella toast with basil honey, and two pastas for our mains. I chose orrechiette with broccoli rabe, fiore sardo, and breadcrumbs, while my friend went with shrimp scampi campanelle. Everything arrived at once.

The mozzarella and basil honey toast was tasty, but paltry, so the $8 price tag felt unwarranted. Yeah, it's a nifty idea and all, but I'd rather make it at home, and make it bigger. The garlic butter toast was fine and priced more reasonably, but I'd have preferred a big basket of garlic bread.

My orrechiette looked delicious but lacked flavor and was in need of seasoning, salt, and garlic. The rabe was cooked just right. Some pecorino or parmesan would've helped the overall situation, but by the time I'd figured that out, our waitress was elsewhere, and I couldn't be bothered. Besides, I shouldn't have to depend on extra cheese anyway.

I tried a taste of my friend's pasta and was not a fan at all. The campanelle tasted a bit fishy, and again, it lacked flavor. More seasoning, garlic, and salt could've lifted this one up a bit. She was happy with it, though.

I was starving and so I ate everything, but we skipped dessert, which I rarely do. Nothing I had here blew me out of the water. I'd give 2 1/2 stars if I could...
I went to Cry Baby Pasta last night and I have mixed feelings. The ambiance, drinks and dessert are delicious! (Get the chocolate gelato!) My entree which was the Tortellini fell a little flat. Our waitress let me know that the Tortellini comes with a broth base so she suggested getting the bread with garlic butter as well. Sure, no problem with that. Well, when all of our dishes came out, the Tortellini was only a dozen pieces total while my co-workers had full bowls of pasta! The bread is not worth the additional up sale and on top of that my waitress brought me a spoon for the broth but took my meal away before I was done. If I hadn't gotten dessert I probably would have left hungry. For the price $16 + $3 for bread.... I wouldn't suggest going for these dishes.
The hostess at the front, Sydney, makes you feel like she is doing you a favor giving you a table.  We had a reservation, got there 5 minutes early, there were two open tables, and she made us wait and watch them for ten minutes before she sat us.   The waitress tried to make up for the bad taste that had already left but to no avail.
This restaurant is extremely covid conscious. Almost to a point of feeling like you ARE the virus. The waiter was not personable, we felt very rushed, expensive night for sub par food. I get that we are in the middle of a pandemic, but I have been to restaurants where I feel safe and still valued as a customer. The inside and outside are beautiful and they have multiple heaters but Would definitely be a better take out restaurant, but again, food was just ok. Probably won't be going back.
I have a severe shellfish allergy and my niece is gluten free.
 We were surprised & delighted that our server had created this menu for us, having seen the notes on our reservations. It highlighted items that we could order safely. Bravo!
I've loved other restaurants that have occupied this spot. I wanted to love Cry Baby too. The night we went, the dining room was packed -- so much so that it was hard to maneuver between tables. Our waitress was friendly and my rhubarb-based cocktail was excellent and unique. We started with one of the toasts (delicious, but tiny -- shares with four people, it came to a bite per person). and the roasted potatoes with pesto. They were fine, but seven dollars seemed excessive for a handful of micro-potatoes and a dollop of so-so pesto. The pastas were just okay -- the cacio e pepe was watery, the same bland pesto showed up on the noodles. The chicken francese was tasty, but the portion was tiny. The best main course was the pork ragu, which was tender and flavorful...but again, a small portion for the price, served with lukewarm polenta and greens. The torta was a delicious dessert. I only wish the rest of the meal was as good.
Cry Baby Pasta encapsulates all the best parts of a neighborhood restaurant: the interior is airy, comfortable, and not too loud, our server, Jen, was friendly, attentive, and gave me "cool aunt" vibes in the best way possible, and the flavors of the food felt like elevated home cooking - if home included someone who know how to make all sorts of wonderfully toothsome pastas.

Since the place has pasta in the name, we went pasta heavy. The orechiette with chanterelles was my favorite - I loved how the dish allowed the naturally buttery flavor of the chanterelles to take center stage in a dish that felt luxurious yet light. We also ordered the squid ink pasta - the noodles had great texture and brininess - and the cavatelli, which the menu said would have fennel sausage but which we found to instead feature some kind of very salty ham. Still good - just unexpected. 

Besides the pasta, the eggplant parmesan, which was crispy and lightly breaded on the outside and creamy on the inside, had a nice grilled smoky flavor, and was served with a lovely bright and herbal tomato sauce, and the meatballs were moist, had that elusive dense yet springy texture, and were well-seasoned. We also split two desserts: the butterscotch budino and a special semolina olive oil cake topped with fig compote, and both were delicious.

Another aspect that makes Cry Baby so attractive is the pricing: it is increasingly rare to find good entree-sized pasta at a centrally-located restaurant for less than $20. The pastas we had at Cry Baby were all rich, filling, used high-quality ingredients, and were in the $15-18 range. We way overate, still had leftovers, and the meal came out to ~$50pp (including tax, tip, and the $25 cork fee we paid because we thought Cry Baby was BYOB and were very committed to the wine we'd brought). One small note: given the rather high cork fee, we expected our server would refill our wine glasses throughout the meal. She did not, but was attentive about our water glasses and made sure we had ample sharing utensils, so it seems like an oversight in staff training rather than inattentiveness.

After seeing the mixed reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect from Cry Baby Pasta. But I'm glad we came: we stuck to their namesake, pasta, and the classics (meatballs, eggplant parmesan, and the like), had an excellent meal that pleasantly surprised us, and would definitely come back again.
Overrated and I wouldn't dare consider this "Italian" food.  space is nice, cocktails are decent. Dishes are American at best and pretty hit or miss. Just because they serve pasta, doesn't make it Italian. #factcheck
Started with the crispy potatoes and bruschetta- garlic butter on toast & buffalo mozzerella. The crispy potatoes were underwhelming but both bruschetta were really good. For the entree I got the Rigatoni that comes with vodka sauce and chicken, which was also very good. Everything tasted fresh and homemade. 

My only concern was the pricing overall. Great food but hard to justify some of the pricing. 

Don't sleep on the garlic butter on toast bruschetta!!
My husband was so excited to bring me here as he raved about prior meals here. Situated in a cute neighborhood, this is a smaller restaurant but it doesn't feel cramped inside. Really bright and bustling vibe. 

We ordered a few bruschetta (chicken liver and mushroom w/ricotta)and calamari. While I loved the toppings on the bruschetta, I thought the bread was too thick for a bruschetta. But the bread seemed like it was a good homemade bread. The calamari was yummy.

I ordered the branzino with clams and was so excited as I love branzino. My fish came out promptly although my husband's took a really long time to come out. We were mostly finished by the time his food came out. 

My branzino dish looked amazing (see my pic) but it had a really bad burnt taste. I tried eating it with other things on the dish, to minimize the taste, and kept trying to eat it hoping it would somehow get better. I asked my husband to try it and he agreed it tasted really burnt. I can probably count on 1 hand how many times in the last few years I have asked for my food to be corrected, and this was one of them. 

When I tried my 2nd version, it looked delicious but still tasted very burnt. My husband said it had to be related to the grills which needed to be cleaned. I didn't send it back (since it wouldn't fix the issue) nor ask for it to be taken off the bill. It's a bummer because we spent a lot of $ on our meal to be dissatisfied. On a side note, my daughter ordered the cacio pepe and I kept stealing bites off her plate. (I'm not even a pasta person). That dish was pretty good. If I ever go back, I would probably order it.
Is it wrong to want to fold the chicken liver mousse bruschetta into a sandwich and eat it like an afterschool snack?
I was waiting to try this place was extremely disappointed in the almost everything we ordered. The tagliatelle bolognese and the budino were good not great. The charred carrots that accompanied the short rib was the favorite at the table. 

Almost everything lacked flavor and the short rib was way overcooked.
Love love loved! There's a reason this place gets a lot of hype. Corner location. Plenty of parking. Wish we'd gotten there a bit early to try happy hour but I'm sure we'll be back. Our waitress was great and offered opinions after we told her we were vegetarian. Potatoes with pesto were absolutely delicious as was the bruschetta.
First the hostess had no social skills with customers was very rude. Then sat down and table next to us sat after and had there order and drink order taken first.  Pasta was just ok.
Preface: the point of yelp is to give honest reviews and opinions, and while I don't enjoy giving poor reviews they are honest. That's being said I will try and not sound like a cry baby when I say this place is terrible. I wanted to order the smoked chicken pasta but it came with Pancetta, so I asked to remove that and they couldn't. So I settled on the Orcheatta and my mom got the pasta with shrimp. Well, mine was completely tasteless and hers tasted like the shrimp was frozen. They don't know how to make pasta at all. When asked if I could add chicken to the dish I got an abrupt "we don't have chicken". The savings Grace was the manager who comped our mea since it was literally inedible. I'm not from Philly but assume there are better spots for pasta than this.
Wow was Cry Baby Pasta amazing! I had been craving squid ink pasta for literally no reason and searched for it on Instagram and CBP was one of the first ones that came up that looked SO good.

I went with some of my friends and it was super easy to get a reservation (definitely recommend getting a reservation because it's a fairly small restaurant). The staff was incredibly nice and the ambiance of the restaurant is chill but also not too quiet to where you feel like you can't talk above a whisper.

I split the fried fish/calamari appetizer with my friends and it was plenty of food. One of my friends got one of the bruschettas which was also delicious.

For the main course I got the squid ink pasta, which had clams in it as well and it lived up to the hype! Basically it's just a seafood pasta with lots of flavor. One of my friends is a vegan and was able to find options here as well which is nice. 

The mixed drinks are heavenly. We all got different ones and they were so good. The dessert sometimes switches up which is fun but you can never go wrong with gelato (I got pistachio). 

I have been hyping up this restaurant to all of my coworkers. Give it a try!!
Spent a really lovely dinner here with an old friend recently. 

Atmosphere: 4. Cute! Warm & inviting. LOUD (as per many Philly restaurants). Tables spaced fine - can pass through, but can also catch snippits of conversation. 

Service: 5. EXCELLENT. Our waitress (Katy) was awesome from beginning to end. Attentive and informative in terms of cocktails and wines. Gave us space but knew when to drop off the check. 

Drinks: 4.5. Cocktail selection is very interesting/unusual! There were a few that looked good, but I went rather traditional. Would come back to try others (yay for lots of gin options!). Priced reasonably. Wines were similar - nice variety, decent prices, enjoyed my glass very much! 

Food: 4. Really good! We of course had the rigatoni - which, if you like smoky goodness, you should absolutely order! HUGE portion for $17. Meatballs were good - yes, small, but full of flavor and perfect texture. Crispy potatoes were fine, kind of like unusually-shaped french fries with pesto. I was really looking forward to the toasts, and... the hummus was good, nice balance. But the buffalo mozz was... meh. Wouldn't order again (also, the bread itself looked different - the mozz came out later, with our pasta, and seemed to be thinner and not as toasted?). Toast is also a bit pricey, at $8/2 pieces. Other things on the menu look great, though, and looking forward to trying them!
We were really looking forward to our evening here. Unfortunately, the restaurant did not live up to the hype. They have a very small wine list and were out of one of the wines- which happened to be the one I wanted.
My friends all had Caesar salad and asked for no anchovies. All came out w/anchovies.
My 3 companions had pasta which they said was fine, but not memorable. I ordered the cod. Both it and the accompanying mushrooms were dried up from overcooking, and this was after waiting a ridiculously long time for our entrees. They took my plate back and I waited and waited and waited. My companions were long done by the time my fish came back. I was longer interested it had taken so long. The fish was cooked properly but certainly not worth the wait. No reason to recommend or return.
What a wonderful night! Warm and friendly host with perfect portions of plate scrapingly scrumptious family style food. It reminded me of being back in Tuscany. We devoured all the small plates. I suggest everyone get the full round of small plates to share because you don't want to miss out on any of it. Everything is so reasonably priced that you don't have to feel guilty doing that.  The large plates we shared were memorable too, but the small plates were the stars for me. I can't wait to go back and try the chicken because the Branzino was cooked perfectly. We are talking about having our next company holiday party here because the atmosphere was so comfortable and relaxed, but the food was elevated and beguiling. It was everything I like about going out to eat.
I had their takeout covid option awhile back -which consisted of fresh, uncooked pasta and a container of their Chicken Riggies sauce. I think this place rewards in-person dining and ambiance better. Fresh pasta is always great, and the tangy hot sauce of the Chicken Riggies was a pleasant surprise. Could have used more flavor, but it's takeout and I was really happy with the service and seeing they're still doing business.
I can't believe it's taken me so long to review this GEM!

Cry Baby Pasta is the new "it" neighborhood spot.  We started by asking for an obscure northern Italian wine from the land of my ancestors (Emilia-Romagna), and they had 2 options for us :)  Our server wasn't super familiar with the difference between them, but the bartender kindly offered to let us switch bottles if we didn't like it - spoiler, we loved it.

There were so many items we wanted to try; alas, we couldn't eat the whole menu.  So we went with the bruschetta, meatballs, and a couple pasta dishes.  Everything was fab.  The only disappointment was the tortellini en brodo, which has since been moved to the starters menu (good move).  

We were even tempted into trying the chocolate hazelnut pannacotta... need I say more?
I was really looking forward to this place but was disappointed overall. The place was pretty crowded for a Monday evening, but nice ambience. I do recommend a reservation. Our waitress seemed a little too busy and took a while to take our orders. The drinks took so long to make we were nearly done with our food. On top of that, the cocktails were nothing special. The apps were average and nothing remarkable, as was the pasta. There are plenty better Italian restaurants in the city. The food here is too overpriced for what you're getting. I wasn't too impressed.
We went hoping for a new neighborhood restaurant and came away extremely disappointed.  Portions were very small and overpriced.  Tortellini in Prodo at $13 had maybe 1/3 cup broth and 8-10 teensy tortellini that had little filling and were too al Dante for my taste.  The flavor of both the broth and tortellini was odd it was also barely warm. I sent it back.  Spaghetti bolognese was the size portion that we always say we should get, but still the price of large portions.  The sauce was well flavored with some nice cream texture. But there was almost no meat for a meat sauce. My partner's special of orchette with gorgonzola and spinach was tasteless.  Bruschetta with garlic butter was satisfying but I had to ask for regular bread and they wanted charge me $3.  After I complained, they comped the bread. The dessert was the highlight of the meal.  Pricy at $10, the warm chocolate almond tortino brought us bliss. Overall, don't bother.
Tried this place with a couple friends and it was as expected for the price. The pasta was okay, I like my pasta al dente, but all of our pasta entrees were chewy pasta. Their red sauce was a highlight and I would definitely get that if I came back. Otherwise, the crab old bay pasta was just okay. Sauce had a lack of flavor but with a generous portion of crab. We split the Brussels sprouts and they were delicious!!!! Also,tried three of their specialty cocktails and all were very unique and tasty. Unfortunately, my biggest problem here was the service. From the host who greeted us to our waitress to the food runners, everyone was very cold. It felt like people being in the restaurant were a burden for them. Even the greeting from the hostess was not a greeting, no hello, just right into their covid precautions.
We popped in for dinner and had the meatballs, Caesar salad, crab linguine, tiramisu, and the Tagliatelle. The meatballs were absolutely perfect! They were juicy and the sauce went perfectly with the meatballs. You should definitely order it. The Caesar salad was extremely good but I should warn you that there are actual pieces of sardine in there which is pretty awesome but I didn't eat it haha. The pasta dishes however I think are nothing to go crazy about. The pasta themselves were good but the execution of the dish was pretty poor in my opinion. If you look at past reviews of the Tagliatelle you can see the difference in what I ordered and what was prepared in the past. My pasta dish was extremely cheesy you can really taste the cheese in there. It was edible but that's not what I expect in a dish like that and it also doesn't look like the old photos. The crab linguine was only OK. The tiramisu was good. And that's about it.
Cry baby pasta offers a nice variety of fresh pastas and delicious sauces. The food is delicious, brings me joy and comfort. Their cacio Pepe was not my fav but for a simple classic dish it still got the job done. Their Tagliatelle with mushrooms was full of umami and the broader noodles held onto the goodness of the sauce well.
Atmosphere and decorations are v cute.

Food is pretty good! I made reservations on their website/resy and we ordered the mushroom bruschetta as an appetizer and it was delicious. We also each ordered our own pasta, campanelle and rigatoni. Disclaimer, the rigatoni is spicy - but still delicious with pancetta and chicken (not a lot meat though). The campanelle was a bit bland with heavy shrimp flavor. 

I would probably come back and try something else - the table next to us got the chicken francaise and it smelled AMAZING. 

All in all, it was an alright experience - server was really nice.
The food was overpriced and okay at best. I would much rather have spent my dinner picking up fresh pasta from Talluto's. I have never seen pasta plates so small before. Even the garlic bread was a normal piece of bread cut into two pieces. I really am disappointed that I didn't like this place. I was looking forward to it given all the hype on social media.
My family and I went here for dinner last night and we were disappointed. I made a reservation about a week in advance and was pretty excited to go since the restaurant's exterior looked interesting, and because I love pasta. 

For the shares, we got the meatballs, fritto misto and chicken liver bruschetta. The meatballs and fritto misto were mediocre. Honestly, the meatballs taste like the ones you would get from school lunch. The chicken liver bruschetta was the best out of the three. Then for pasta we got the cacio pepe, orrechiette, linguine, and rigatoni. The orrechiette and linguine lacked flavor. The cacio pepe had too much black pepper. I liked the rigatoni the most out of the four pastas because it was the most flavorful, but it could have used some more sauce.

Also, the music in the restaurant was way too loud - it's probably because the speaker was right above our table. It sucked because my family and I couldn't hear each other and it was hard to have a conversation. Plus, the music selection was weird and did not go with the ambiance at all. Their restrooms are really gross too; they're super cramped and dirty, which is confusing since CBP is a nicer restaurant so you'd expect the restrooms to be clean and not grimy.

Overall, I wouldn't go back to CBP. I liked the decor and our waitress, but the food and ambiance weren't that great.
It was Okay. Garlic Butter Bruschetta was amazing is you love bread. Meatballs tasted like regular meatballs, nothing to exciting. Pasta was pretty okay. Nothing to Rave about. Service was less than to be desired. Very short with me for some reason and it wasn't that busy. I'm a former server so I understand but I expected better.
Not sure where all these bitter, negative Yelp reviews are coming from.  I had an amazing experience here.  For those complaining about pricing, you clearly haven't eaten around this city.  The first thing I noticed about the menu was how reasonable the prices were.  I would say the cocktails and wine options were easily below average compared to any decent restaurant in Philly.  The pasta prices for the serving size were more than reasonable.   Everything we ate was really impressive, possibly the best pasta we've had in the city.  My cocktail was fantastic, as well.  The service was decent, laid back and sort of fit with the neighborhood, low key vibe of the restaurant.  Definitely will be going back in near future.
Wonderful experience for dinner tonight! Met a friend and sat at the bar for drinks and dinner. We ordered the arugula salad to share and the cacio Pepe spaghetti and the tagliatelle. Everything was high quality and delicious! Great service from the bartender and his trainee and very nice check ins from the staff. Will definitely be coming back!
Delicious new addition to Queen Village. Unlike most great Italian spots, this place has spent a lot of time trying to create a modern aesthetic and it definitely makes the place. The ambiance is perfect for a date or girls night and the food will have you coming back. After dining here twice, by far the stand out dish is the rigatoni. Somehow they make the entire dish Smokey and spicy without being too overwhelming. Will definitely continue to go back.
They don't do happy hour, which is fine that's not what they're going for I guess (just something to be aware of). However this place is called Cry Baby Pasta and the pasta we got was very sub par. We ordered simple spaghetti pomodoro. It was al dente which some people like but you don't expect when you order at a restaurant. The sauce was mainly oil, so much oil it separated from the sauce. Also, the portion was very small, like appetizer size. Any Italian knows that our portions are meant to be bigger especially pasta. Drinks were good, but overall unimpressed and won't return.
Had dinner with hubby & friends at Cry Baby, and we were all WOWED with every dish we ordered - from the meatballs with smoked cheese to the amazing artichokes, bruschetta with buffalo mozzarella, fresh rigatoni with chicken (with the perfect amount of a nice spicy kick) and the char grilled branzino, and some other dishes (we shared all of them).

The food is mouth-watering & delicious - so happy to have this new gem in the neighborhood!

There's NO crying with pasta or CRY BABY -- it's 5 STARS all the way!
The pasta at Cry Baby is clearly homemade and cooked to a nice al dente. I also like the affordable neighborhood pasta joint concept. Other than that the rest of the experience leaves a lot to be desired.    The space itself is extremely loud with a crowded, bustling dining room accompanied by a very audible soundtrack of musical hodgepodge. The service is robotic and somewhat misinformed as it seemed as if the server had never heard of the wine that we ordered and couldn't pronounce the grape "Aglianico". Not a big deal but at least pretend. The Caesar salad was average. The grilled artichokes came out of a can and weren't very good. The rigatoni with with smoked chicken and chili peppers tasted only of spice and smoke. The tagliatelle with meat sauce lacked the caramelized depth that a true bolongese should have. And then the meatballs. The size of a dime meatballs with smoked ricotta. Mealy. Smokey. Bland . The worst meatball I've eaten at a restaurant hands down. Such potential for this team and concept, however, the execution of everything just lacked heart and soul.
Meh...overpriced, average food - really disappointing based on many  reviews about this place.  Visited during a recent stay in Philly. Space is nice, drinks were reasonably priced, but the food was not good AND pricey. Overcooked pasta, very small portions.  Bruschetta was burnt.
I really enjoyed the food and cocktails here. My husband and I didn't order much, as we sat at the bar and weren't very hungry, but we split the rigatoni and garlic bread and it was really good! I'm looking forward to coming back and trying out a few more dishes. 

Honestly though, I think I have a bigger crush on the decor and branding, more than I do the food - and that alone will keep me coming back. I mean how cool is the name?! It's definitely a cute addition for the neighborhood and the perfect little date spot!
Really liked the cozy atmosphere and the service was excellent but food was average. We started with Tuscan bean soup, caesar salad  and meatballs. They were all decent but nothing to write home about. Plus, the meatball portion was small for the price. Since the openers were disappointing, we figured the pasta would be the star of the show. Alas, more of the same. My wife had the spaghetti cacio e pepe and I had the pomodora. Nothing special and didn't taste like it was made in-house, and not because we just returned from two weeks in Italy. I've had much better in Philly. Also, it would have been nice to have a couple bottles of wine in the mid $30 range. Cheapest bottle was $40. But the one we had was excellent. Overall, a bit disappointing based on Craig Laban's review. Doubt I'll go back.
We had a lovely early evening dinner at Cry Baby Pasta with no wait thanks to reservations. The servings are very large making ordering family style a little tight if you don't order a pasta or main dish per person at the table. The smaller portions did make it enjoyable though because sometimes too much pasta can make you end your night early. We enjoyed multiple appetizers, pastas, and a main dish which were all fresh and delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to friends in the area and the cocktails are also delicious!
Cry Baby Pasta "made me cry" tears of disappointment.  The food was very underwhelming everything tasted as if came from a frozen bag. The meat balls were flavorless, the Fritto Misto was salty and the charred broccoli wasn't half bad. The saving grace was the mezcal cocktail. Sadly cry baby pasta misses the mark terribly w/ food of this caliber I don't see it lasting very long.
Cry Baby is fantastic!  Whether you're looking for a night out of excellent Italian cuisine or meeting friends for drinks and appys, this place has it covered.   In addition to the wonderful management and staff, the space is warm and inviting.  We tried several dishes, all very tasty with some really unique flavors...no disappointments.  The meatballs (w/ smoked ricotta) and grilled artichokes were delicious...the best I've had.  The rigatoni (w/ smoked chicken) was another stand out, as was the branzino my wife ordered.  You can get wine, beer and cocktails at the bar (great before or after dinner).   On top of it all, it's very reasonably priced.  Great vibe and fun people.   Definitely a spot to try.
After reading Craig Laban's rave reviews about this restaurant, I had to try it for myself. My friend, Ken, and I ordered a veritable smorgasbord of dishes. I had fresh grilled sardines atop homemade bruschetta bread and fritto misto with head-on shrimp, calamari, and smelts. He had the meatballs and garlic bread. When people think of sardines, they often think of the canned variety soaked in an oily tomato paste. Don't think like this! Fresh grilled sardines are a culinary delight and not to be missed, especially when they are expertly deboned, char-grilled, and lightly dabbed with olive oil. The fritto misto reminded me of a dish I had in Malaga. The fried smelts were wonderful and perfect to snack on. I seldom order meatballs of any kind because nobody beats my four-hour slow cooked meatballs that are so soft they literally fall apart in your mouth. Cry Baby's meatballs were close, but only because of the ingenious cheat of adding gelatin in the mix. The special of the day, "Trophy Pasta," hand rolled pasta (like spaetzle) covered with a savory sauce made with chanterelle mushrooms, duck, and chicken liver and topped with shaved Parmesan, was excellent as was everything else. It reminded me of a cross-country collaboration of Germany and Southern-style home cooking. Our server did a good job of selling us on certain dishes without overselling them. I did want to try the squid ink pasta with clams and chilis, but will save that for another day.
I love that Cry Baby Pasta is following some serious Covid protocols! Vaccination cards are checked before entering! 

I was impressed at the seating options available when making the reservations. You have the option of eat outdoors, at the bar, front of restaurant, or back. 

There menu wasn't huge but everything looked great. They had quite a few specials going on that we very tempting! 

The eggplants parm was cheesy and the sauce was delicious. The crab linguine had a hint of spice and plenty of crab chunks but was a little too al dente for me. 

The cocktails were really fun and inventive! Worth trying a few!
Unique and modern concept, but lacking great taste. We had a reservation for six people, and I was disappointed at how small the table was. The water bottle that the waiter brought out and replaced often, was lukewarm. The waitress was really nice and explained things well. I had the pesto pasta, and it was literally just the noodles, no protein (of which I was aware of when I had ordered). For the price it was really a small amount of food and it was not a flavor that I was expecting. It was "spaghetti" noodles but they were so thick. One of the friends had told the staff it was my husband and my wedding anniversary and they brought out a small dessert (not free) with a candle on it, which was nice. We had ordered a lot of food overall (share-ables, appetizers, etc) and was there almost 2 hours due to waiting and eating, and the manager stepped in and asked if we could get going (in a kind manner). We had no problem with it because we were already on our way, but the fact that they asked right after we got our receipts back, seemed to be rude. We had a reservation, after all. Great concept, I think it could be better.
Loved the vibe of the place.  Great decor and name.  Service was excellent, very friendly.  

Unfortunately we (four of us) found the food was rather uninteresting and in some cases not very good.  The exception to that comment was the rigatoni with smoked chicken.  We had meatballs, arugula salad, bruschetta, eggplant special, bronzino, tagliatelle and the rigatoni.

A return visit likely not in our plans.  Try it and see what you think!
My cousin raves about this place and once I saw it on Philly's best, I immediately texted her for a date. I got the pesto spaghetti and garlic bread. Hefty for $20 (with tip) but had a delicious meal that didn't leave me feeling disgustingly full as I usually do after having pasta. Beware it's a small menu!
Wait staff was attentive and friendly, and comped us for a late arriving item, but the culinary aspect of our visit was pretty disappointing. While some dishes had heat from what tasted like red pepper, the savory dishes were largely bland and non-distinct. Two dishes, eggplant parm and broccoli rabe, were also overcooked and soggy. The olive oil cake dessert was similarly flavorless, but also overcooked and dry, with undercooked rhubarb pieces whose texture was pretty unpleasant. The lone bright spot was perfectly charred, thick and crunchy bread that served as the base for two otherwise lackluster bruschetta starters. Maybe the kitchen just had a bad night. I mean its been a crap year for restaurants, so maybe they are still fighting their way back. I am willing to give them another chance and will sample their eponymous pasta in a return trip.
I am so picky when it comes to pasta but Crybaby exceeded expectations. I wasn't expecting such flavorful dishes based on the price. The crab linguine was bomb. Huge lumps of crab and the breadcrumbs on top added nice textural element. The Chicken Riggies has been on my mind for the rest of the week. Nice spice level, the smoked chicken was cooked excellently. Everything came out hot and on time even though they seemed to be doing alot of takeout orders. 
The DRINKS were spot on as well. Best bang for your buck in the city.
The outdoor seating was well spaced with there little seating area on bainbridge. The staff was accommodating when we asked to move the heaters closer to us.
I've always thought this name was funny, but when a patient recommended the restaurant I decided to come on a Thursday evening. It was one of those days where you just had enough of working 14 days in a row, and even though you had to work the next day you just wanted to do something nice for yourself. Cry baby pasta was a perfect place for this. They are extremely popular so when I looked at five they were plenty of seats online and I didn't make a reservation. By the time we got there at six, there is only indoor seating available. We decided to stay and enjoy a delicious three course meal. The starter was a version of a squash purée with mushrooms, which is full of flavor. My favorite was still the main course pasta featuring seafood. It had shellfish and depth of flavor, but unfortunately the pasta was undercooked slightly. They did end up doing us the fig tarts on the house due to the pasta, and that was crumbly and rich crust accompanied by a decadent vanilla cream. Great way to top off a satisfying meal but didn't make us feel bloated. Will definitely come back to this neighborhood restaurant.
Happy to have another terrific addition to the neighborhood!

We got the meatballs, calamari, and garlic bread to start. The meatballs were awesome (very small!) and the calamari was good as well. Probably would try something else next time instead of the calamari since it didn't knock my socks off. The garlic bread was awesome.

Then the pasta. Oh the pasta. After just coming back from Italy I was expecting for it not to compare, but it was actually really good and you could tell it was fresh. The sauces were also super flavorful. The service was excellent as well.

As far as prices go it was about what you'd expect. I didn't leave feeling over the top full like most Italian places, so if you're looking for something like that I don't recommend. But if you're looking for a good ambiance, normal portions, great drinks & menu, then I definitely recommend! We'll be back!!
Last night was my second time at cry baby. The amazing thing is that both times I've gone I've run into people I know! It's obviously a popular meeting place for super cool people! :) 

I took my mom last night before we headed off to Hamilton and we decided to share a few plates. We started with the appetizer special which was burrata (YUM) w/ tomato jam and mortadella with a pistachio pesto and some pan fried pizza dough triangles. Guys - woah this was delicious, the tomato jam was sweet like a strawberry jam and paired perfectly with the rest of the plate. My mom got the butternut squash soup - I tried a spoon and it was wonderful! She loved the addition of the balsamic and pumpkin seeds swirled in. Moving on to MORE cheese because you HAVE to get a bruschetta. We went with the classic bufalo Mozz. Always good...always! 

For the main we shared the tagitelle pasta. The pasta is perfectly done with the right amount of sauce. So great, so, so great!

The first time I went with one of my more health conscious friends who loves to share. We got a couple underwhelming dishes like the Caesar salad - it's fine..an artichoke dish - not good..it's either not on the menu anymore or was a special. I would not recommend. However we also tried the meatballs...now those are fantastic - they give you so much ricotta with them..and as we've learned in this post - I love my cheese!

Service is wonderful I actually had the same server both times - Kristina. She's lovely, super friendly and very attentive! I love that it is a family friendly, fast, elevated-casual spot. I'm dying to go with a more adventurous eater or just dine solo at the bar so I can get a few dishes I've been waiting to try!
Food was really great. 
Small restaurant with a good wine list. Unique decor. 
Definitely recommend the potatoes. Bruschetta wasn't anything special to me - too small of a portion.  They offer different types of bruschetta but I would just skip it. 
If you like spicy definitely try the Roman egg drop soup - it is delicious. 
We tried two pastas and they were both great. Seems like the staple was the rigatoni which was good - had a little kick to it. 
We also tried the Cacio and Pepe and it was also tasty. 
Dessert options were solid and we had the chocolate raspberry bar - delicious. 
Service was a little slow overall.. took way too long for food to come out considering it's pasta. 
Definitely a good new restaurant to check out with a unique feel.
The rigatoni is definitely their best dish. My girlfriend ordered one of their dishes that was something like risotto and she didn't like it so the waiter was more than happy to give her the rigatoni instead at no extra cost, so that was nice. Decor and vibe is great very modern. The reason for 3 stars is that the portions are small for the price, the music was way too loud and interrupted our conversation a couple times, and someone from my group sent back their dish bc it wasn't good. All 3 other people at the table tried it and recoiled, so I think something was wrong with it and at excellent restaurants you can get anything on the menu and it should taste good enough to eat. That said, it's not an excellent restaurant and won't be going back but glad I tried it.
Disappointed! Went in early, 5pm for a bite to eat and a little wine at the bar! Found the bartender to be unfriendly in the beginning of ordering and towards the end of the evening a bit rude. Appetizers and wine were good. No complaints! I ordered pasta pomodoro and my boyfriend ordered the special, pasta with crab meat. The pasta pomodoro was incredibly salty! When I mentioned this to the bartender he said, they must have added too much salt to the pasta water! That was it and walked away! Think of rinsing your mouth with salt water...same taste. The pasta with crab meat, had little flavor and the pasta was cooked uneven! We only complained about the salty meal so it wasn't like we were complaining about everything. The atmosphere seemed offish if you were not a regular! Odd! Nothing was done about my extra salty meal. Found this place to be over-rated! This was our second time there, first time was ok (note I said ok) but I'm still not buying all the hype regarding Cry Baby! Unsure if I'll return!
This was a very interesting place. I really liked the decorations on the inside - very modern and funky, and in tune with modern day tunes of Billie Eilish and Halsey (imagine that, but in art form). There were cry baby gumballs outside, and even pins. It was a cool place. 

The food was also very good, and well priced for the portions. My friends and I all got different food items, and they were all delicious.
....meh 
The egg drop soup was waaay salty.
I felt the food portions were small (for the money spent) and I left hungry.
Generally I was underwhelmed 
However in all fairness it seems to be a thriving place with happy customers.
I was really excited to try this restaurant and finally made it there. The place looks pretty similar to how it did when it was Ela, but had some fun touches added in. The service was fine and the menu selection satisfying. Unfortunately, the portions were so incredibly small that after dinner, instead of ordering dessert, we ended up ordering another round of appetizers. While the prices were seemingly lower than I would've expected, they were not so low as to set my expectations for the infant-sized servings offered. As a table of four, we literally had to order six of their meatball appetizers throughout the course of the evening. That seems crazy to me and should be a clear sign to the establishment to manage their portions more realistically.
First time here, really enjoyed it. Had the dinner special pasta with fennel sausage in a white  sauce, sort of small spiral shaped...sorry I don't know my pasta better.  It was perfect.  I don't order a lot  of pasta because, often, it's just to heavy, but this was perfect.  Nice and firm and light, sauce and  sausage were perfect.  The special included some  frocacchia bread that was  perfect for sopping up the sauce.  The starter was a Caesar salad that was very good.  Can't wait for the next  foray in to this pasta wonderland.
Delicious beet and balsamic salad and the mushroom bruschetta was ridiculously good. They did a really good job with the social distancing as well .Our waitress was super sweet and attentive . Overall great experience and killer food
CRYBABY! Because I'm cryin I can't eat this everyday. 
We started with the buffalo mozz bruschetta... such classic flavors and DELISH. Then we had the burrata capresse salad. Everything was bursting with flavor. The white sangria was so enjoyable as well! 
We got the rigatoni with smoked chicken and pancetta... wow did that pack a punch with flavor. In addition, we got the special pasta, with mushrooms and shaved truffles. That was our favorite out of the two but couldn't go wrong one way or the other! 
This was by far the best meal of 2020 for me. 
Jen, the best waitress I've ever had, was incredible. She made our experience so memorial and enjoyable. I wanted to be best friends with her after our experience. I will now be a regular here.
So let me start by saying that I would come back here just for the garlic butter toast alone. WOW that was amazing. Came here with reservation for four on a Thursday night. Seated immediately and liked the vibe of the space and friendly staff. 

I had the strawberry aperol spritz and my friends had wine. Very nice drink selection. 

We shared mini meatball appetizer, which was equal parts adorable and delicious, and the buffalo mozzarella with basil and honey. To die for. 

Our main dishes took awhile but came to the table piping hot. My rigatoni with smoked chicken was the table favorite. Just the right kick of cherry pepper without being overwhelming. SO delicious with perfectly cooked pasta. 

Cacio Pepe was excellent as was the orchiette. I wasn't kidding when I said I'd come back for the garlic butter toast. Everyone at the table near flipped trying it. That Smokey grill flavor was outrageous. We were too full for dessert but we will be back to try it all. 

This place is a gem.
During these trying times, it's nice to review a great restaurant even through take out!  I can't recommend Cry Baby enough.  I ordered for 3 people and everything was packed perfectly and deliciously!  Started with bruschetta and Ceasar salad, one came hot the other cold perfect!  Then the dinners, 2 crabs and linguine, amazing and of course the chicken riggies as good as before when I had eating inside!  
Ordered  online and had a time set and it was all ready when I got there, perfect service all around, by the time I drove home everything was still hot
I can't wait to be able to experience the great service and cool vibe inside. But for now this was close to perfect!
We had a great experience at Cry Baby Pasta! Their service was great, because we arrived a little early for our reservation and they let us sit at the bar to get a few drinks beforehand while we waited, which we hadn't been able to do in a long, long time. All of their drinks were good too, and I thought they had a pretty good wine selection as well. 

Our favorite dishes were the meatballs, potatoes and veal! Their pasta is good but there are so many good Italian/pasta places in Philly it's hard to compete. We also didn't realize their bruschetta came with two slices so "accidentally" ordered two plates of it. Overall, we really enjoyed the experience and they have a lot of nice seating and a good atmosphere for being near rowdy south street.
I must confess to being disappointed when I saw my boss had selected this location for a team dinner. She should get a raise. She nailed it. This place is FANTASTIC! In fact, it caused me to go ahead and break my diet for the night. Better off dead and having enjoyed this place than not!  So I had a little bit of a lot: Fritto Misto - applause. perfectly breaded. Delicious. Meat Balls with smoked Ricotta! Say what? Smoked Ricotta? Never heard of it. Now I want to recreate it. SO GOOD! The Pork Rib Ragout was absolutely decadent! You're going to love this place.
Meh.  I really wanted to like this place.  The interior was well designed and the staff was very nice.  We got meatballs, rigatoni, buffalo moz bruschetta, and the grilled artichokes.  Everything was just "ok".  The sausage with the rigatoni had a strong smoky flavor that overpowered the rest of the dish.  Too many other good restaurants to go back.
I arrived enthusiastic to dine and was really disappointed with the food. The tortellini en brood was flavorless, the bruschetta bread was burnt which ruined the actual flavorful toppings, the meatballs were also flavorless though the sauce was OK, the tagliatelle was good but the cacio e pepe, if you can even call it that, was down right rubbish and wrong.
Tried crybaby for. 2nd time after a wonderful experience the first time. Service has been great both times and the pasta was great both times, but that's where the similarities stopped. We ordered a few different bruschetta and my wife has the grilled bronzino. Everything that came off the grill had a burnt taste to it. We sent the fish back and the 2nd plate was the same burnt bitter taste. Not sure if they need to deep clean the grill or what but I was super bummed out as I had such a good experience my first trip.
Amazing. The meatballs and bread. I'm drooling thinking about it. The pasta was also good, but the meatballs and bread man, they were other worldly. Service was incredible. Wine was fantastic. Bridget Foye was there lending a hand.
Excellent new Italian tucked in south philly on Bainbridge! 

Our waitress was sooooo goooood, she made our dinning experience very fun while being super informative above many items on the menu. 

The one dish that really sticks out to me is the rigatoni. The smoked chicken adds such a great smokey flavor to the entire dish! 

Also, the meatballs are some of the best I've ever had in south Philadelphia.
I came here with gfs on a Friday night a little after 5pm. I would recommend making a reservation before you come because the place filled up quickly. We ordered an arugula salad which was good but nothing outstanding. Also got some grilled artichokes which were slightly bland. We enjoyed the buffalo mozzarella bruschetta.  Out of the three pastas we ordered, the campanelle with shrimp was disappointing. The shrimp was not deveined, and the pasta overall was very bland. Otherwise, service was great! I'm not sure if I would recommend this place since there are so many other Italian restaurants in philly that have decent food.
