A small stand located in Manayunk with some of the best custard I have ever had. The menu is very large and there was an overwhelming amount of different toppings and flavors. I went with a large chocolate, vanilla swirl with rainbow sprinkles - classic! I would definitely recommend stopping at this place if you live in the area. It's a classic! 

I would recommend walking if all possible. There is a drive through at this location but when I was sitting eating my treat I noticed it moved slowly and kinda blocked all the parking spots. Seems like the drive through line also backs up into the street causing a little bit of a traffic jam.
So I have two twin sons (Bradley and Bryan, aka B&B -- and I think I messed up Bradley and Brandon earlier UGH, that's his cousin who was born on the same day but two years earlier!) who now live with their mom (my ex-wife) Cynthia in Glenside. I still remember the first time we took "the boys" down the shore when we gave them each a cone of custard. Bradley took his cone and threw it on Bradley's face and Bradley did the same. They both looked like they were wearing Kohr's Brothers Custard masks! 

I thought it was so cute and hilarious by Cynthia got really mad at me. She couldn't believe I let that happen, especially because we just went to Kohl's the week before and the ice cream was going to stain their clothes. 

Don't get me wrong. Almost everything to do with the end of our 14-year marriage was my fault. I know us actuaries are known to have long days at the office, particularly when running difficult risk valuation models (and especially when you largely work with parking garage construction firms). But I always kept bringing my job home with me. I made work my life, and I know that I largely did it to avoid the stresses of being a husband and a father. 

But I don't think EVERYTHING in the divorce is my fault. I mean, MOST of it is, like I explained before. I worked too many hours and never had time for my wife and the twins. But Cynthia could really be a bit difficult. There was a time in our lives together where she would have LOVED seeing twin boys have an ice cream fight. But I guess when they're your kids things change. 

But like I said -- the end of our marriage is almost all my fault. 

Custard & Cakes Creamery (aka The Custard Stand) has been a long-standing Roxborough tradition, serving as the taste of the summer for generations of people in Northwest Philadelphia. Literally everything on the menu is perfection. From soft-serve vanilla to strawberry lemonade water ice, everything at this establishment is frozen perfection. 

I would recommend Custard and Cakes to anyone in the Manayunk/Roxborough area who wants to sit down on the ledge and watch young children enjoy ice cream while you think of the many things you could have done differently so you could still live with your sons but now you only get them for one weekend a month.
With so many great reviews, I was sure Custard & Cakes Creamery was going to be awesome. However, their frozen custard just couldn't compare with the kind I grew up with at the Maple Shade custard stand. The vanilla was super light in consistency and didn't have much flavor. However, the hard ice cream I got to try was pretty tasty. If there's a next time, that's definitely what I'll get. 

Prices are more than fair and probably the lowest I've seen at any local ice cream shop.
This is a classic neighborhood ice cream shop in Wissahickon Heights (Roxborough) except people come from a lot further to enjoy the homemade creamy delights served here.  This place is an institution and if you spend 15 minutes here you'll see why.  You will see all the cars using the drive-thru and the line of people waiting out front.  Occasionally you can catch this place in the evening without a line as I did the other night (the line returned right after I ordered!)  I was able to get my favorite Strawberry Cheese Cake ice cream and find a place to sit and enjoy it!

Tip - Don't park in the downhill lot on a summer evening.  You will be trapped in there for a long time trying to get out due to the long queue of cars utilizing the drive-thru.
Being right around the corner from Dalessandro's & loving mom & pop ice cream custard shops, this was an easy decision.

Prices are great: $3 Medium Gelati, which is a lot cheaper than Rita's.  

I was slightly disappointed though & I'll tell you why...in short, I wanted more custard! 

They pack the whole cup with water ice (we ordered strawberry lemonade & rootbeer - we were given strawberry (too sweet) & rootbeer) and give 1 dollop of that delicious whip cream tasting custard on top.  I'm used to custard, water ice, custard, water ice.  They do it differently here - not necessarily wrong, but maybe that's why the gelatis are cheaper?

Root beer water ice with Vanilla Custard is fantastic - but the root beer melts super fast compared to other water ice flavors.

FTW: they have drive-thru!

Location: on a small street

Parking: Free, small parking lot
I've slept on this place for years.  I decided to finally try it because it's hard as hell to find parking to visit Dairyland's new location on Main St. and I was jonesing for an ice cream.  I tried the butter almond in a waffle cone and my daughter had the chocolate chip cookie dough.  That was the most delicious, rich ice cream that I've ever eaten.  All of their hard ice cream is homemade.  The prices are low, the portions generous and they have their own parking lot with a drive-thru.  Love this place!!!  I'll be a faithful customer.
This is the way Ice Cream shops are meant to be! Local, not a corporate chain. There should be a long line, great way to stand around chat with neighbors and friends on a summer evening. Then, after you order your delicious ice cream, stand around in the parking lot, sit on the tailgate and enjoy the evening. Just as good as the ice cream, is the classic summer community experience.
This place is right up there with the best.  They've got a long list of flavors of hard ice cream; you can buy a huge towering swirly cone of soft ice cream; and, most importantly, they have flavors(!) of hard frozen yogurt.  I mean, for the love of Pete, they have mint chocolate chip.  I haven't had mint chocolate chip in forever.  Actually, it was last summer when I discovered this place while driving through Manayunk after a round of Frisbee golf.  But I had forgotten, somehow, that this place had delicious hard frozen yogurt.  And pretzel cones!  We all know how important the pretzel cone is and theirs are made by none other than Lancaster county favorite, Snyders of Hanover.  Fantastic.

Resonably priced, a kid's size wafer cone with mint chocolate chip and a medium mint chocolate chip on a pretzel cone came to the pocket draining price of $5.25.  Hard to beat.

Also, they have a drive-thru window, which was causing a major cluster-eff in the parking lot.  There does seem to be enough parking in general, however.  (We had walked from a friend's house.)
Small but excellent neighborhood spot with many varieties. C&C has a walk up or drive through option. Ice cream, frozen yogurt, water ice and more. Excellent spot, will definitely be back on a hot summer night!
All I can say is woooowwww!!! I went here for the first time yesterday and ordered the banana split in a cup and it was like a creamy sweet, delicious explosion in your mouth (get your head out of the gutter! Shame on you!) I have to admit I stood and looked at the menu for about 15 minutes because there was so much to choose from! And they have a drive through, but everything is made in house so the ice cream wasn't too sweet. The guy at the window was super helpful and nice he answered all of the questions I had. I got soft serve vanilla and hard strawberry I inhaled it! So so so good. I'm planning on heading over there after my workout at the gym lol my trainer would have my head! But hey you scream we scream we all scream for ICE CREAM!! Yummy yummy!
I've got a weakness for old-fashioned, homemade, ice cream shops. This particular ice cream shop has been around since 1955, and I've been coming here every summer for the past few years. It's a small, neighborhood gem tucked between Manayunk and Roxborough, but it's hard to miss in the summer, since the lines are usually long. On a rare and warm April night, the line was longer than usual, but the 30-minute wait was worth it. 

The list of flavors isn't too extensive, but there's enough offerings so that there's something for everyone. We ordered vanilla peanut butter cup, a vanilla & chocolate twist swirl on a waffle cone with sprinkles, a scoop of butter pecan and cherry vanilla on a waffle cone, and a small vanilla for the pup. The hard ice cream is very creamy and well-churned, and the waffle cones are fresh. The vanilla peanut butter cup was my favorite - and I'm generally not a huge peanut butter fan. I was excited to see that they offer Dole Pineapple Whip, which is such a rarity in the area, so I would love to come back and try this next time. 

I noticed that they have a good amount of Fall flavor offerings, but I would love to see a special additional menu with summer flavors using fresh fruit in season. 

They have a parking lot on the right of the building, but there is also street  parking available.
Though I like to pride myself as someone that is "young at heart", I'm not going to lie: sometimes I just feel like an "old lady". So sometimes, especially after a rough day at work, I just want some "old lady" soft serve ice cream... Melt in your mouth, not too sweet, heavenly soft serve.

Thank you CCC, for understanding the irony of this situation. :)

I usually go through the drive thru (especially if I have a sleeping baby in his car seat!) and usually get the same thing: a medium cup of Vanilla soft serve with cookie dough pieces on top. It is my absolute favorite and it always snaps me out of that "old lady" mindset I drove up with, and replaces it with "I feel like a kid again"-rejuvenation by the time I drive away!... EVERY TIME.

If you haven't stopped by, you are missing out. But then again, are you ready to develop a real addiction here?? Because that will definitely happen.

On nicer days, I do park and sit out on the bench, and sometimes I spoil myself further with a chocolate dipped Vanilla soft serve cone. I have also gone inside to order ice cream cupcakes and even last year's birthday cake for my son. Everything is always so delicious from here, but I do admit, each of my purchases revolve around the shining star of that Vanilla soft serve. I don't know what makes it so different, it's just completely unforgettable. 

Maybe it's the neighborhood feel that you get from this unassumingly small shop that probably every Philadelphian has driven by at least once in their lifetime.

And maybe it's also the genuine, good-natured customer service I receive every time that adds to the "sweetness" of it all.

I think this is another one of those really special places in Philly that is the "whole package"... Quality, service, atmosphere, value, I can't help but smile thinking about going there this weekend! If you have visitors, bring them here! It'll make all of you feel young again. :)


Tip: Bring cash! Though they do accept credit cards, there's a fee for transactions less than $10, and chances are, because the prices are so reasonable, you will not reach that amount.
When I first started looking at houses in the neighborhood, every location was compared in terms of its proximity to the ice cream stand (and I hadn't even been there yet!). I love that I can walk to this neighborhood favorite and not have to deal with the sometimes insane drive-through line.

I visited the creamery on the first really nice weekend of the season with JJ and waited for about five minutes to walk up and order my ice cream. The line wasn't too unbearable and there was hardly any wait for the ice cream to be scooped once I ordered. I tried the Minty Cookies and Cream, which was an inventive flavor that I'd never seen before. I hope that this is a regular flavor, because it was truly the best of two worlds.

Yes, the wait is long, but the hard ice cream can't be beat and the prices are rock-bottom. I have gone twice and ice cream for two (even after ordering a sundae) has not exceeded $8. I don't think anything on the menu is much more than $7 (and those prices are more for the quart-sized stuff).
My hunt for the perfect ice cream shop led me here. I heard rumors that there is usually a long line for this place, but I came here on a rainy day so the line wasn't too bad. I had the chance to try three hard scoops: strawberry cheesecake, pistachio and almond butter. I really liked the strawberry cheesecake but didn't think much of the pistachio or almond butter. I love the creamy consistency of the ice cream here though, but wish there were more intriguing flavors. Overall, high quality ice cream!
1. The cake batter ice cream tastes more like a custard/ice cream hybrid...and it's got real birthday cake in it, and real sprinkles, so THERE. 

2. The marshmallow sauce is not marshmallow fluff...it's a viscous sauce that tastes like marshmallows. It's amazingly delicious, and I'll now be wildly disappointed every time I have no choice but to consume fluff on my ice cream. Tragedy.

3. I love cookie dough chunks...and they carry cookie dough chunks.
Love that we can walk down to this awesome local gem! We frequently bring friends and family here when they visit us. Great flavor selection and awesome soft serve.. expect a line if you drive or walk. The pup also loves the vanilla! Cheers!
I'm a super fan of C+C Creamery. I've had several different items from the menu. My go-to item is the Birthday Cake ice cream on a cone. The ice cream here has me consistently coming back - weekly. I truly believe C+C is the best ice cream in the city. 

The ice cream is delicious and made on the premises. The cost is low relative to many ice cream shops in the city. Other highlights of the menu include their fall favors, the pretzel cone, and the Dole pineapple whip. Orders under 10 dollars are cash-only. 

In the past, I have got gelatis with hard ice cream. Very enjoyable but ice cream is only placed on the top of the water ice. 

At night there is almost always a long line. It is well worth the wait. The line typically moves quickly. Plus, the staff is always pleasant. Unfortunately, C+C is not open all year - thus make ample visits while they are open. 

Pro-tip:  C+C Creamery a short walk from Dalessandro's and an even shorter drive.
C&C Creamery has met and gone beyond my expectations! Had to find a new ice cream shop since my local one went down the drain so I went a bit out my neighborhood to find this one. There is a parking lot !! BONUS ! Upon arrival the line was a bit shorter than it usually is when I drive by which was great because I was anxious to get my hands on some ice cream!! The menu was extensive (but not overwhelming) it had a great mix of your regular ice creams and some fun mixes too. There was water ice, soft serve, hard ice cream, frozen yogurt, sugar free ice cream, low fat .. oh man I could keep going! My eyes were caught by the dip cone sign. I haven't had a dip cone since I was a child! It brought back memories and I had to get one. I got a small cherry flavor covered dip cone with vanilla soft serve and it was just like I used to have 15 years ago as a kid going to ice cream with my grandparent. My boyfriend got the cookies and cream (which I'm not surprised because I've never seen him eat another flavor) and it was a medium with 3 big scoops of ice cream (even he said it was bigger than he imagined, but better bigger than smaller). For the two cones we only paid $7. Just a heads up, they do take card but you have to spend $10 in order to use it. The young women in the window provided great customer service and I will be returning soon !
I am SO glad that I did not know about this place until this summer because I would have been gaining so much weight due to my new found addiction! This place is simple and old fashioned- malts, milkshakes, sundaes, soft serve, hard ice cream, etc. You don't have the crazy avante garde flavors of some other places, but I am totally ok with that sometimes! Their soft serve is so rich. I have never had such good soft serve as this place. I have only had the vanilla and the chocolate. Yet to try the orange cream!

This is a perfect outing on a hot day (dipped cones), on a rainy day (drive-thru), on a cloudy day (summery peach glacier) or on a cool day (seasonal pumpkin). Can't wait to go back!
Fantastic everything, pumpkin ice cream is addictive
You know you're beginning to be in trouble when you become a scavenger in your own home looking for cash to feed your addiction.  Every drawer is searched, every couch cushion removed, every dark space illuminated with your phone's screen looking for every quarter, nickel, dime, and (tonight we had to) penny.  

Desperate times call for desperate measures.  Hello, I am Kat S. and I am addicted to the ice cream at Custard & Cakes Creamery. 

C&CC does in fact take Credit Cards, but they have a minimum of $10.  It just so happens that Christy D. and I have a regular order that just can't seem to get past that $10 mark.  Therefore, we have to find the freakin' cash.  No, I am NOT ashamed to use petty change to pay for my cold and sweet treat.  Some nights often go as follows:

K:  Do you have any cash? It's almost 10:00 PM we're going to be late.
C: Why?
K: I swear I had a dollar in my wallet did you take it?
C: Why?
K: It's not funny anymore just hand over whatever change you have and let's go.
C: What?
K: SHOW ME THE MONEY!
C: We're getting ice cream tonight aren't we.

Although many of their treats are tasty, I think the hard ice cream is where the quality at C&CC really shines.  In August, be sure to try their Pumpkin flavored ice cream and if you're super daring (or perhaps have super weird taste buds) like Christy D. make sure to get that Pumpkin Ice Cream with Cherry Dip Top.
Stopped here to destress after a test. I got vanilla peanut butter cup sundae with peanut butter, caramel and whipped cream. It was delicious!! I got the small and it was a generous portion too! They have a drive through and on a 45 degree night, there was a line wrapped around the building! I will definitely be back when the weather warms up!
This the best ice cream place we have ever tried, we have been coming here for years. And we keep coming back even after we have move more than a thousand miles away, we make a point to stop by every time we are in town
Seriously one of the best ice cream / gelati / water ice / sundae / etc places I've ever been to. Their soft serve is surprisingly... soft and creamy. It's just amazing. Pricing is just great and I've been there twice now in two days. I will miss this place when I go back to the West Coast.

There's a drive-thru for those on the go, with a small on site parking lot. Ordering is done outdoors and the menu is huge. There's also a $10 minimum on credit card (no debit card) orders.

The flavors were awesome. My sis, two cousins, and I all ordered something different each day we went and we all got to try each others and I could not believe how good they all tasted.

Definitely go for the gelati though. Great stuff. I'll be back here when I come back to visit my grandma.

Parking: Small lot
Price: $4+ per person
Wait: Depending on time of day but 1 min in line to 20 mins in line
This place is always busy for a reason! It's definitely worth the long lines. Best ice cream in the Manayunk/Rox area. Lots of options, fast service and reasonably priced. The credit card minimum is $10 so make sure to have cash handy. This place is seasonal and is only open in the Summer. Parking is very tight so I'd recommend parking on another street and walking. There's also a drive thru that's only open during the day.
It's dangerous how close we live to C&C Creamery! It's simply very, very, very good ice cream.

There are two options to get your ice cream: walk-up to the window or drive-thru. We've only driven through because we're lazy. 

It always seems busy but the lines move pretty fast for both the drive-thru and the window. You have a fair bit of time to sift through their extensive menu and decide want you want (and what you'd like to try next time!). 
The staff has always been courteous and very helpful if we have any questions. We've always had efficient service here. Prices are good for the quality. 

My favorite flavor is the vanilla peanut butter cup! It's an amazing combination of flavors with real peanut butter. My fiance likes the cookies and cream and the strawberry. The brownie boat (which consists of three scoops of ice cream, real brownie pieces, hot fudge, whipped cream, and a cherry on top) is a deliciously decadent sundae that we like to share. 

Some things to note: 
-$10 credit card minimum so if you don't have ​cash get some hard ice cream to stock up the freezer. 
-Be patient with the lines and be kind to people who have parked and are trying to leave through the drive-thru line. 
-They are a seasonal shop and close during the winter months so visit while you can

Stop by if you're in the area for some great desert and friendly service.
This was perfect after a visit to Dalessandro's. The hard ice cream here is so fresh and creamy, I am salivating just thinking about licking the melted liquid from the side of the cone. My favorite flavor was the vanilla peanut butter, what an amazing combination! Service was fast and it wasn't pricey at all from the quantity you get. 
The only con was that they don't have anywhere to sit except for the two benches facing the parking lot. 
I will be coming back every time I am in the area!
Sooooooooooooo good!!! We do here after Dalessandro's when we roll through Philly. Every flavor was great. COVID restrictions in place so place your order in advance over the phone.
Came here on a hot Philly afternoon, and loaded up with some great ice cream. They have plenty of options and flavors, so everyone should be happy. During Covid they are ordering is a little different, so do some research before you go. When I came they were only taking orders by phone, and then delivering them out to the parking lot.
Heaven sent!

The fact, that they have a drive thru service makes this even more spectacular. They say all the ice cream is made fresh and I definitely tell the difference. The strawberry cheesecake had real strawberries  and I could taste/feel the actually chunks of Oreos. There was also a certain level of freshness during each bite. And yes I bite into my ice cream.

If don't the mind the wait (in car or by foot) you will not be disappointed. I rarely test myself to such sweet treats but this here will be added to one of summer food go to spots moving forward.
We passed by C&C Creamery on the way to Dalessandro's. The drive-thru line and outdoor ordering line were super long for a Thursday evening around 7pm, so we let some time pass and checked back again after dinner. The crowd of customers had calmed down by then, so we pulled up to the drive-thru. There were employees coming up to the cars to place orders, which made the queuing process more efficient than I expected. I didn't order anything, but I tried the strawberry lemonade water ice. The only other water ice places I've tried in Philadelphia was John's, and admittedly I thought C&C Creamery's water ice was a little better. The strawberry lemonade flavor was undeniable! It was exactly what I wanted it to be and more. I also appreciated the texture of the water ice, which was easy to scoop. I look forward to trying other flavors and/or getting a gelati.
Located on the tallest hill in Wissahickon, C&C Creamery is a wonderful find in the middle of this Philly suburb. It's wonderful, cheap ice cream is a refreshing treat on any warm day.

While it is only open during the summer months, C&C makes up for it with how much business it gets. It looks like a random shack in the middle of town, but it's business is always booming.

The ice cream is amazing! It's wonderfully creamy and very tasty. They have so many flavors for you to choose from and of course they have the classic cake cones and waffle cones. 

I cannot stress enough how cheap the ice cream is. Both soft and hard ice cream are both roughly $3. Adding in a waffle cone only adds about another dollar. The prices are very reasonable for the quality of the ice cream you get. It's honestly hard to spend more than $5 here on just yourself.

If you're in the area and look for great ice cream, I can not recommend C&C Creamery enough!
I had the best ice cream cone here!  Visiting from MD with a friend, I was taken here!  C&C is very unique in that it has a drive through where you can get hand-packed ice cream!  Let me say that this place was PACKED on a hot Saturday night!  The walk up line was in the parking lot and the drive through line was out of the street!  This was a great sign to me...it must be very good!!
We both ordered medium waffle cones with vanilla ice cream and rainbow jimmies; an ode to my childhood!  This cone was soo good!  The ice cream was so creamy and flavorful!  I sooo enjoyed this cone that took me forever to eat as it was soo big!  I told my friend, I should have ordered a small!  LoL!!
My friend, a Philly native now knows that we I'll have to go there when I come up to visit!!  I'm sold!!
Best quality for the buck! After couple hours of hiking around the park, this was a wonderful treat ;) 

Very low key but solid quality of ice cream! They were definitely NOT stingy with portions ! 

Ordered caramel topping and it was not the cheap watered down caramel drizzle, it was a melted candy quality, super yummy! 

My dogs also loved the vanilla soft serve :)
First time here.  Very busy for a Monday night at 8pm.  Long drive through line and counter line.  It moves.  Watched it for about 30 minutes.  Great portion sizes, fair prices.  Eager to try more of the flavors.  I got the banana chocolate chip and butter pecan.  The soft serve looks yummy too.
All about sweet treats. Particularly of the frozen delight variety.

I was a regular at the Philly Flavors on 13th Street. When I recently moved to East Falls, I was a little worried about what the sweet treat situation out here might be.

This place is ADORABLE. The service is always friendly and quick...and they have everything you could ever want on their menu! Right now, I'm partial to their shakes. You can get any flavor ever, and even mix flavors! A caramel marshmallow shake? You got it. 

They also have a drive through, but I've yet to use that. 

I will be trying every combination of everything on their menu! A true destination for treats.

Still concerned about the Americano situation out here, though. Work in progress.
Amazing custard at prices that can't be beat. 

We finally got some of this soft serve custard now that they reopened for the season. Having driven by here so many times to get some Zestos Pizza we were kicking ourselves for not trying it last summer. We were not disappointed. 

Not sure what to get, we 3 opted for the soft served custard which was in vanilla, chocolate and orange favors or mixes. One person got a large vanilla chocolate mix in a to go cup, another got a small vanilla and orange in a cake cone and I got the same but in a waffle cone. Mine was HUGE for a small (see my picture)! The blend though tasted like the creamsicles I used to eat as a kid only better! All told together it was under $10. 

They have benches to the side to sit, some parking and a drive-thru. But I recommend giving yourself some time once the weather picks up; there was always a line last summer (and for good reason)! 

Next time: I may stick with a cup for size sake but add some jimmies.
I N T R O D U C T I O N : Following a fulfilling meal at Sardi's Pollo a la Brasa, I needed a sweet, refreshing dessert. Kevin, my camp counselor, recommended we go to Custard & Cakes Creamery.

D E S S E R T : Small soft-serve vanilla ice cream topped with cookie crumble (10/10). The soft-serve was sweet but not too sweet and the cookie crumble topping added the crunch factor. Although the combination was quite basic, it tasted amazing and hit the spot!

S E R V I C E : Ended up going through the drive-thru and the worker who greeted us and took our order was very polite and attentive!

P A R K I N G : Don't come at nighttime and expect parking. Due to the drive-thru line, if you do end up parking you have no way of getting back out.

D E S I G N : Very old-fashioned, family friendly exterior.

P R I C E : Relatively affordable and the price-point is similar to other soft-serve ice cream places.

C O N C L U S I O N : Very happy that we decided on Custard & Cakes Creamery! Will definitely be back here when I'm in the area to try the other options on the menu.
Freshly made ice cream sandwiches make this Roxboro seasonal a must stop.My waffle cone filled with hard coffee ice cream was absolutely delicious.  My daughter loves the seasonal ice cream flavors, too. Can't wait for pumpkin! The drive thru rocks, but park and enjoy the people watching.
Amazing!
And locally owned, mind you. 
And it has a drive through.. 
I highly recommend the mint chocolate chip (5/5stars), I look forward to it opening cause it closes for the winter (aka saddest months of the year). 
Man, I love the summertime, and this place = summer. 
And it's cheap, as in inexpensive, as in yay.
I'm a big fan of this place! I'll say that the main reason I am not giving five stars is because the service can be quite slow compared to other similar ice cream stands I've been to. They have tons of options from hard ice cream, soft ice cream, frozen yogurt, water ice, and non-fat/low-fat options. I've been here numerous times, and my favorite flavors are the birthday cake batter, banana, and chocolate peanut butter. I would not recommend the cookie dough flavor. It was mostly vanilla ice cream with very few pieces of cookie dough or chocolate chips. The staff is very friendly, and it is a pleasant atmosphere.
Awesome, authentic ice cream stand where they make there product. Service is really friendly, place is super clean (which is really important to me) and they have a ton of flavors!! Nice little gem to have in the neighborhood.
Every special occasion lately has been completed with ice cream cakes made in house! These cakes are so addicting my husband sometimes just buys one for himself for no reason (which apparently is still not embarrassing when they ask what he wants written on the cake and he replies "nothing"). You can custom order your flavors as well, so I made coffee and chocolate ice cream cake and it was amazing! They also make ice cream sandwiches in house, which usually supplements our ice cream cake purchases :) plus, friendly staff and reasonably priced!

Beware, they are closed during winters... saddest times of the year for my husband.
A much better selection than the Rita's down the street, with better prices to boot! 

We headed up to the top of Ridge Ave on the 1st warm night of the year in search of a little dessert.   Knowing nothing of Custard & Cakes Creamery, we checked in on Rita's first to find half their options sold out and the other half unappealing.  A few more steps and across the street we went and to Cusard & Cakes we arrived.  The menu here was much more extensive, with a page full of water ice, hard and soft serve, shakes, and malts.  

A small sample of passion fruit water ice made up my mind. A cone of soft serve vanilla was also in order.  When ordered together, the bill was still just $5!  With more spring and summer left to come, I'll be back multiple times this year.
I come here very often and just can't get enough of it. I love that they are open for the season again! Great service and convenient drive-thru for rainy days make this place a pleasure to visit no matter the weather. 

Their homemade soft serve is what I usually order. 'Glaciers' are similar to a Blizzard at DQ because it's soft serve blended with candy toppings of your choice. My fav. is Butterfingers with vanilla. 

Another must-try is their Ice Cream Cupcakes! Yes, there is such a thing! This is better than an ice cream cake because you don't need to cut them, they are ready to be enjoyed. Delicious!!
Yum yum yum! Please don't close for the season. I'm not big on the soft serve but I am big on homemade hard ice cream and their's rocks the house. I have to get back for the seasonal flavors, I'm excited to try pumpkin and egg nog. 

The prices are reasonable (as others have mentioned), the scene is cool if you want to sit on a bench and enjoy. The one thing I cannot understand is the DRIVE THROUGH! Really!?! The parking lot is a mess only because of the drive through. How lazy do you have to be!? Anytime I've gone here standing in line takes about a fraction of the time as it takes for two cars to get through the drive through. But the chaos of the parking lot does make for some fun people-watching.
I love getting my soft serve and gelati here via drive-thru on my way back from the city.  The vanilla soft serve with chocolate water ice is delicious and the prices are decent.  No, it's not a fancy Italian gelato place but honestly, sometimes I crave the good ole neighborhood ice cream.  Stop by for a quick frozen treat.
This place is such a community gem; I don't even know where to begin!  
1. I love that it's a local business and not a chain.  The staff is ALWAYS fast and friendly.  I mean who frowns around ice-cream anyway?!?!  
2. They offer a huge assortment of ice cream flavors (hard serve, soft serve, & frozen yogurt) all of which are DELICIOUS!
3. They have ice cream cakes and will even make a specialty cake if you ask!
4. They have local favorite "on the go" foods like hot dogs, meatballs, & soft pretzels!
5. They've won tons of awards because - THEY'RE AWESOME!
6. The news tends to drop by once in a while to interview locals grabbing a refreshing treat in the heat of the summer. - Be prepared to make a cameo ;)
You know its got to be good because at times it gets so busy that the cars trying to get into the parking lot/drive-thru back up traffic on Ridge Ave.  
If you're still on the fence just try it already (the prices are fair)! But don't wait to long because it's only open seasonally!
I have been making my way through every ice cream shop in town this summer and this one came up on my yelp radar. So off me and my girlfriend went to grab some ice cold ice cream on a humid rainy day.

She got the brownie boat and I got the banana split. When they told me the price I was like "wow that's cheap!" When I got our order it was like "wow! That's really cheap!" The amount of ice cream and brownie etc we got was boat load! This was good ice cream and a lot of it. The service was fast and the woman who took our order was very polite and fast. Over all an great ice cream experience.

They also have a drive-through but, I rather go to the window and avoid that line even if I have to stand outside in line.
Gah, why does Custards & Cakes not slap their cups and cones with a "habit-forming" warning?  I literally daydreamed about this place, particularly their banana ice cream in sundae form with caramel, marshmallow, and wet walnuts, when I was called away from the 'delph to research in Europe this summer.  In addition to banana, they serve enough flavors of hard ice cream to keep even the most gluttonous ice cream fiend occupied with variety for the season.  Their soft-serve ice cream is also quite delicious, their milkshakes are a dreamy consistency, and their collection of water ice is a nice option for peeps who don't do dairy or are just looking to switch things up that day.

Parking is indeed kind of a puzzle and the drive-thru line can get lengthy, especially on summer nights.  However, the drive-thru service is usually pretty efficient and any irritation resulting from waiting or jockeying for a parking space seems to dissipate once you dive into your frozen treat.  Was I ever irritated when I tried to park or use the drive-thru?  Probably, but I really can't remember with the ice cream haze and all.

Extra points for friendly workers and reasonable prices.  The biggest bummer is that this place shuts down in the cold months, so I guess I'll have to stock up now.  I just hope my thighs are ready for the extra company.
Sometimes you're just driving home from work are are like, "it's time for ice cream, damn it." You know what I'm talkin about. 

When that happens, this is the place to stop. Here's why:

1) they have at least a million flavors (at least) of hard ice cream. From banana through butter almond through birthday cake. You can't go wrong. I recommend the hot fudge topping. 

2) it's dead cheap. You can get a small--which is not at all small--ice cream sundae (any flavor with whipped cream, cherry, and a topping) for $3. I think a basic scoop is like $2. 

3) the people are very nice, which makes for an all-around pleasant experience.
My favorite place to get ice cream in the area. I usually order the vanilla peanut butter cup which is delicious, it has chunks of chocolate peanut butter cups in rich vanilla ice cream and my son gets a medium, thick chocolate shake and the cup is pretty big. They're usually crowded in the evening but their service is fast and they move the line pretty quickly. The parking lot is a little tricky when crowded but we usually avoid going during their busiest time which seems to be later in the evening. We always get soft pretzals with our order.
The best kept secret in Manayunk! They have a tons of flavors, toppings, and styles to chose from. My personal favorite is the Cake Batter ice cream with Fruity Pebbles and Gummy Bears. This place is only open seasonal, and gets SUPER crowded on evenings and weekends. I would recommend parking down the street and walking. The parking lot is TINY and the drive-thru gets backed up quickly so be prepared to either wait in your car, or walk a block once you park. A must go if you're in the area!
Please someone save me from this place! (don't actually save me from this place)

Their ice cream is just no words. Unreal. It is THAT good. The specialty flavors are chock full of whatever wonderful ingredients they decide to mix in. The peanut butter cup ice cream has healthy pieces of peanut butter cups, the pistachio ice cream is filled with amazing pistachios... the snozberries are snozberrie, ok I kid, BUT this is some of the best ice cream I have ever had!

They have malts too and I DARE you to try their marshmallow malt and tell me that is not some good stuff! They have floats, sundaes, yogurt, sandwiches....cake OH MY!

When I need my little comfort happy place this where I go. I sit on the bench like a little kid, dangle my feet and go to that little happy ice cream place inside my head for like 10 minutes because this place will make you do that over and over!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, CUSTARD & CAKES. I mean that in the most non-platonic way possible, I really love you guys. You have managed to make the tastiest ice cream this side of Philly. Super affordable and SO many combinations for hard serve/toppings. 

I have tried their Strawberry Cheesecake, which blew my socks off. I have always been a fan of Turkey Hill and Hagen Daas Strawberry Cheesecake, but this stuff is wayyyyy better. SO good. 

Also delicious: Vanilla Peanut Butter Cup with Extra Peanut Butter Cups. This was my go to for the 2014 summer, and probably will be for the forseeable future. They manage to keep the PB cups fresh. I'm impressed. 

If you want good ice cream, this is your place.
Hey -- that was some really tasty ice cream & a decent price.  Thank you, ice cream place!
A classic ice cream stand!

The Creamery makes all their own hard ice cream and offers a wide selection of flavors. The price is right at $2.25 for a small cone. (Soft ice cream is even cheaper.) The hot fudge sundaes are amazing.

My few complaints - I didn't care for the sugary "brownie" bits in the brownie sundae, and some of the flavors can taste a little icy if the tub has been open a while. 

The line is usually long in the evening, but it moves quickly. Afternoons are surprisingly slow, and the staff is always patient as I ponder my flavor selection.
This place is a little mom and pop ice cream stop / bakery. Went there twice yesterday alone. When it was fully staffed they were pumping out orders fast, but earlier in the day when it was just two people on staff they got backed up.

Water ice is made fresh there, and it's awesome! My first trip I got a medium black cherry water ice, which was SO good, and another medium of green apple which was also good. Later I went with my girlfriend and got coffee/vanilla hard scoop ice cream, chocolate jimmies, and whip cream. That was great! Two big scoops for a medium (see picture). She got a gelati, lemon water ice and vanilla ice cream. At first they said they were out of lemon water ice, but after making my order, the guy at the window checked again to see if they had lemon. He then saw someone was just about done making a fresh batch of it and we could have it right out of the maker! Great service. Thanks for double checking.

This place has a big menu, a lot of choices. They also have a drive thru! The parking lot is tight so that was an adventure getting in and out, but everything else about the place was great. Friendly people, good water ice/ ice cream, and it's cheap. 4/5 for sure. I can't wait to try some other things on the menu, and the prices are hard to beat.

Rita's is literally down the street, and I love Rita's, but this place is great, and supporting a local spot is almost always something I prefer. I will definitely be here a lot this summer!
This place turned into an ice cream addict. I have to admit I was never really into ice cream. Since living in East falls and passing by here so often, I look forward to spring for their opening and save up ice cream in fall before their closing. Like a squirrel! Everything I've tried here has been fantastic. You really can't go wrong. I especially love the seasonal caramel apple pie ice cream - it's delicious with little pieces of crustings and it's not terribly sweet thst you'd feel guilty afterwards. Love this place!!

-keep eatin-
Out. Of. This. World. 

The custard and ice cream here is honestly the best place in this area, and it rivals some of the best ice cream in the Philly area. Possibly even the best. 

Not only is it delicious- it is CHEAP! Best prices in Philly for sure!! If you live near this place and you haven't checked it out yet, you need to make a trip here! Bring cash!
The ice cream is delicious. They have some unusual flavors such as egg nog and pumpkin spice cookie starting in August. This place is inexpensive and also has soft ice cream, cakes, pies and ices. It is one stop shopping and really worth a visit.
One of my go to places for spur of the moment ice cream trip with my friends. I like that it is really close to my home tho I have to admit the flavors are not always the best.

Their soft serve is pretty good it is usually what I go for. With some crushed peanuts on top and nom!

I have tried their hard ice cream as well: love the cookies and cream and the coffee but the pistachio was a huge miss for me. 

Prices are more than fair and the staff is always friendly and can accommodate your wildest childhood desires (peanuts, chocolate sprinkles and whipped cream with a cherry on top? No problem.)

Will be returning again soon.
If you're a local, you call this place "Custard Stand." Someone from out of the area stopped me recently to ask where the Custard and Cakes Creamery was, and I had no idea what she was talking about.
They open early spring and close late fall, and there is consistently a line of people during all seasons, it's that good. I think it also says a ton about Philly that we have a Ritas across the street and both are able to stay open for business.
I'm off Dairy (booo) so I can only ever get the water ice, but holy cow water ice. It's fantastic, and very fairly priced for the sizes. They also put toppings in it, if you want, but that's not my bag.
Simply, the best, most creamy soft ice cream ever. I'm talking the stuff dreams are made of... Large variety on menu, which makes you never want to get the same thing twice. Great service, with a smile.
Best ice cream and sweets! Got a sundae and the hot fudge was a-MAZ-ing. Also - go for the gelato and custard with mango and vanilla. Crazy good awesome sauce.
One of my favorite ice cream spots! I'm not an avid ice cream eater but when I do eat it this is the place. My favorite time to go is during the fall (yes they are open in the fall) because my favorite flavor is available. That flavor happens to be caramel apple pie and it is fantastic. My only complaint is that during the summer the lines are extra long but that's a good thing right??
What a wonderful, little, local place. Lots of delicious treats served by a friendly staff. They also always have root beer water ice, unlike Ritas, who seldom has it.
My wife loves their Glaciers (same as a DQ Blizzard, ice cream mixed w fav candy). Dont miss this opportunity to pick up a snack or dessert, its cheaply priced as well.
Only reason its not 5 stars, is due to its lack of parking and drive thru taking up most of that parking space.
Delicious ice cream at a great price. I got a big bowl of orange/vanilla soft serve swirl for less than 3 bucks. The vibe of this place is great too; there were a lot of people that clearly walked over from the surrounding neighborhood blocks. Lots of local enthusiasm for this place. The lines move very quickly. I think for my next visit, I'll bike over on the Schuylkill Trail from center city. Yummm can't wait!
They have hard and soft ice creams. The hard ice creams last longer as they take tome to melt. I tried a large cream and cookies cup. At $3.5 you can't complain with the portions and it is absolutely delicious.
Love love love this place. Sadly I drove by it a couple times a week for the first year that I lived in Philly and finally tried it this spring - I'm addicted!!!! Working my way through the menu and there's hasn't been one thing/flavor I haven't loved yet! Don't make the mistake of driving by this place like I did!!
Best kept dessert secret! Made on location,  long lines in the summer but never a long wait. I think it's family owned and run - regardless, the ice cream is fresh, the yogurt is rich, excellent variety of flavors and generous portions. Not expensive at all. An absolute treat and missed sorely when they close Nov to march. Drive thru as well.
Sadly this ice cream joint is barely at par. The texture is bland and the taste is unexpired. It is as if they are coasting on some type of reputation. What reputation would that be? Were they ever good? Was there ever a time when their ice cream tasted homemade rather than akin to mass market? Philly deserves better.
I thoroughly enjoyed my peanut butter cup ice cream. The  service was fast, even though it was packed on the particular day I went. Also, for the price, I got a nice sized portion.

I would definitely go back! They had an apple pie flavor that I think I'll try next.
My family lives in Manayunk and we have been getting ice cream here for years. They have the best ice cream, all made on premises. The line is often 20 people long on a hot summer night. I find myself going several times a week sometimes (I know, I know..). Rita's water ice opened down the street a couple years ago, and my dad and I had a nice chuckle, saying the only reason Rita's gets business is that some people don't feel like waiting in line at the ice cream shop.
This is, hands down, my favorite ice cream place ever. Whenever I have a friend visit, I make sure we stop here for dessert because it's the BEST in town! All of their ice cream is fresh and homemade. Furthermore, they have TONS of flavors, and not just of hard ice cream - but also of hard yogurt (which means that you don't even have to "cheat" on your diet ;) ). I'm very sad that they're closed for winter, but am SUPER excited when they open back up in spring. Definitely a must go-to if you're in the East Falls/Roxborough/Manayunk area!
This is a lovely ice cream spot. Totally didn't disappoint. The prices were fair and the service was friendly. I had a pumpkin ice cream cone and it was awesome. This was our first time there and the guy in line told me that it was impossible to order anything bad. Seems there's a lot of love for this place!
Menu was very confusing and disorganized. Secondly, they only had 3 flavors of custard: vanilla, chocolate and orange. I decided on vanilla custard which was below average (I've had exceptional custard in Wisconsin and Illinois). It lacked serious vanilla flavor. McDonald's vanilla ice cream tastes better than this. Not worth the money...
By far the one of the best ice cream places in the area. It's always so hard deciding what I want when I go there. The hard ice cream, soft serve, and water ice all taste super flavorful and natural, like they should!! Definitely recommend the banana and minty cookies and cream ice cream! Ordered a medium and could barely finish. Portions are huge. Definitely recommend!!! Side Note: Drive-thru is another perk
I been to this place several times but forgot about it until I took my sister and her family to it last night.  My sister has 3 kids, ranging from 16 to 10, and we just had been with the Mayanunk Brewery and despite offering burgers, wings, nachos and pasta, the Brewery couldn't keep the kids satisfied.  I took the kids and my sister and her husband to Custard & Cakes, which could keep up with all the kids' quirks and kept them satisfied.

Why? First, whether you're a soft ice cream lover (like me) or hard ice cream lover, this has it.  Not too many ice cream places offer soft and hard ice cream.  Second, it has plenty of flavors to choose from.  If you're curious about a flavor but not brave enough to buy a cone or dish of it,  they offer you samples.  My nephew was curious about the cake batter ice cream but wasn't sure if he wanted it. He was offered a sample and while the cake batter wasn't for him, he was able to find another flavor to his choosing.  

Also, since it is not a chain like so many ice cream places, the ice cream is freshly made at the store and your taste buds can taste it and notice that it is fresher and richer than the store brand or chain ice cream you already love.

Other bonus for adults is that there is plenty of parking, quick service, reasonable prices, and while the place is a stand, it has plenty of chairs in the shade, to lick or eat your ice cream below.
I LOVE ICE CREAM!!! Whenever I am disgusted by the human race and think what a miserable bunch of beasts we really are, I remember ice cream and realize it's not all bad. 

At my friend's place in East Falls, the craving struck and could not be ignored. Not a pint of Ben and Jerrys from the gas station, not Ritas, but ice cream in a cone at an ice cream shop. 

Arriving at this ice cream stand after 9pm on a Friday night it was exactly what I had in mind: two teenagers manned the walk-up windows while folks sat around on benches enjoying their ice cream. 

I was especially pleased to see they offered a variety of cones, sprinkles, and (my fave!) dip tops. I ordered a small soft serve chocolate in a regular cake cup cone and my friend considered a pretzel cone but ultimately decided to try a dip top for the first time. Our cones were each perfection and we were thrilled. 

The best part of this ice cream shop was the price. A sm dip top cone and a medium dip top cone came to only around $6! The last time I went to cold stone, my ice cream alone was more than that and not half as good as this perfectly simple treat. However, they only accept credit cards for orders $10 and over so we added a hand dipped pint to our order and still just barely made it. 

THE classic ice cream shop with classic prices too. Plenty of parking and outdoor seating.
Great ice cream! I come here with my team everytime we come to Philadelphia. It is a great dessert place with so many flavors and choices to choose from. You know this is a bomb.com place when there are many people lining up clogging up the sidewalk and cars creating a jam to get this. I would highly recommend this place!
Not only is this place close to our house but also the best ice cream ever! They make everything fresh and with love. There are a wide variety  of flavors and I crave their chocolate ice cream! If you ever need a birthday cake... go here! You can even order extra chocolate crunchies on the side!
TLDR: Great American-style ice cream for a reasonable price

If you're looking to satisfy your sugar cravings with a few big scoops of homemade ice cream, this is the perfect place. While maybe not the best ice cream I've had, it certainly stands out as a delicious cold treat. Plus, the portions and price make it a quick spot to grab a cone any day of the week.
This place serves fine Ice Cream - both hard and soft, as well as associated treats including sundae's milkshakes et al and they are all fine.  Through the cold of winter and the heat of summer they keep on keeping on with friendly service.  4 stars to be sure perhaps more.

OTOH I went yesterday to get some ice cream with my wife and they would not take our credit card unless we bought at least 10 bucks of stuff.  While they have wonderful stuff I'm not gonna buy 10 bucks worth for 2 people, sorry.  

They would not budge and we drove off - to Rita's across the street.  Not quite as good but still a nice pair of chocolate cones for like 6 or 7 bucks - and they took my Visa no questions asked.

Either Ritas or Custard & Cakes Creamery make nice treats - I think Custard & Cakes Creamery is a little better and more genuine, so either bring cash or go across the street to Ritas.

Both have drive through and walk up service.
On the way there we passed a jogger. I thought damn I wish I had a body like that. Instead I'm driving to go get ice cream. 

They have a drive thru. Drive thrus make everything better. 
They also have a parking lot. My main concern with their primary competitor Tubby Robot is there is no where to stop. 

I tried banana for my first time. Banana in a waffle cone. I got a medium and it was huge. My wife got a malt milkshake. She seemed to really be enjoying it. She exclaimed "this is our new spot!" 

She spent the whole car ride back talking about how bad this was that it's so close and how fat she is going to be. 

IN OTHER WORDS WE WILL BE BACK OFTEN & ALOT.
What a great seasonal hidden spot on the border of Roxborough and Manayunk. C&C has a great selection of homemade ice cream and offer unique fall seasonal flavors such as pumpkin pie, egg nog, and caramel apple pie. They make amazing milkshakes and offer non-dairy options like water ice and the Dole Pineapple Whip. 

They have a drive-thru that often backs up Ridge in both directions. The line is long but moves quickly. Great for families and those looking for a tasty treat on a warm day. The prices are reasonable and the portion sizes are large. 

C&C is a great spot, be sure to check it out! Can't wait to head back when the weather is a bit warmer.
Nice, local ice cream shop. I honestly always get almost the same thing every time I go to an ice cream shop. Soft chocolate ice cream, topped with Reese's pieces and hot fudge. Occasionally I'll throw some peanut butter sauce as well. They usually have a line, but it moves pretty quickly. Prices are good and you can get a big ice cream. Parking can get a little hectic since the drive thru runs around the back of the shop and it's only one lane.
This place is average. maybe I'm just mad because Dairyland,the place that was across the street from this, moved to Main Street. I know I'm not gnna be going there because parking is a pain. So.... I guess this has to be my icecream spot.

The worst thing about this place is that it makes you buy more icecream than you want. I'm lactose intolerant, so I can only handle a child sized sundae... but they only have gargantuan sizes.
Walked 15 minutes at 6pm in the cold to get here on a Saturday night (with two kids in tow). Get here and all the lights are off and the place is CLOSED. I check their website cause I'm like, so I could be crazy but I could have sworn it said they closed at 10 pm. And yes! That is exactly what it said. Closes at 10. But here it is 6pm and closed. Their website says it is open. Yelp says it is open. Why is it closed? so mad that I just wasted half an hour of my night walking back and forth to this place and result is NO ice cream. Not even a sign anywhere online or physically on the storefront explaining this huge offense to customer service.
My boyfriend and I love coming here and now driving up here when we need to satisfy a sweet craving. Customer service is friendly and quick. Best place to get ice cream in the area. We even bought a birthday cake for a family member a couple of months ago and the cake was gone in seconds. There is not a bad thing on this menu.
I love the old fashion ice cream places. I got a large come with cherry dip. Oh it was so good. I felt like a kid again when I used to run for the Mister Softe truck. The menu item is huge on the different ice creams you can get which is awesome and amazing. The staff is really friendly also and can help you with what items to get if you want different variations. I love the drive thru because sometimes you just don't want to have to get out the car. So having that is priceless. The parking lot is tight so parking can be a pain. The do take credit/debit but there is a $10 minimum. The ice is inexpensive so unless your buying a ton of ice cream then you'll be able to use your card. Great place to go to. Wish they were open all year round.
Do yourself a favor and don't go here. If you do, you'll never go to a Ridas or anywhere else for ice cream or water ice ever again.

The Creamery has a drive-through so you can take everything home!

The long lines of people and cars are worth the wait. How the Rida's down the street stays in business, I don't know.

If you're looking for a good ice cream shop, this is the place to go!
Best place in the area!  They always have great service and a lot of amazing homemade flavors to choose from!  They have a great drive thru as well which moves pretty fast if you don't feel like waiting in line.  My favorite flavor(s) are the Strawberry Cheesecake and the Butter Almond.  Also you can't go wrong with soft serve ice cream.
Amazing and courteous service.  Ice cream well priced and the pretzels are a must.  I usually get the butter pecan or coffee cream.  My favorite place on a sunny Sunday afternoon.
Custard & Cakes is my favorite ice cream shop in the Manayunk/Roxborough area, hands down.  It's right across the street from a Rita's Italian Ice store which provides a little competition, however, in the summertime, the line at Custard & Cakes can get very long because their ice cream is so popular.  I always get a twist custard dipped in chocolate in a regular ice cream cone for only $2.50.  The custard is very light and tasty.  All of their items are very cheap and usually less than $5.  They have some parking spots in their lot plus a drive thru line.  They're closed in the wintertime but usually open back up in late February/early March.  Also, it's cash only.  If you're in the area you definitely need to stop by!
BEST ice cream in Manayunk/Roxborough/East Falls area, hands down! They have a good variety of flavors to choose from and their prices are reasonable. They also have a drive thru, which can be clutch if it's raining or really busy at the walk up window. They are only open during the warmer months, which stinks when you want their ice cream during the winter. The service is always very friendly. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
This place was delicious! The line moved quickly and the staff was very friendly. I would highly recommend the hard ice cream (vanilla peanut butter)! My fiancé got the strawberry water ice, and it was also very good!
Yummmmmy and huge portions! I had the large which was a generous pint of ice cream (crazy amount) for only $5!!!!! mixing 3 really good flavors: chocolate peanut butter, coffee, and rum raisin. Luckily I had help eating it. Will be back for more soon! They stay open til the line is gone--around 10:15pm.
Custard & Cakes Creamery is a little stand on the side of the road in Manayunk. It's easy to miss, but you'd be missing out. With a long list of flavors of hard ice cream and a variety of shakes, malts, soft serve, and other desserts, Custard & Cakes is one to check out if you're in the area!

I ordered the vanilla caramel, and my boyfriend took home a pint of cherry vanilla, all for $9. Very affordable, and delicious too!
Sooooo worth the long lines. Love that they have a drive through option to keep things moving quickly. I love their ice cream and my boyfriend loves the water ice!
