*Disclaimer: this review is for the lounge only

We came here for the wonderful Krista P's 30th birthday extravaganza.  You would not suspect that a full on dance club was located at an Italian restaurant.   People were sipping their cappuccinos and coffee at the tables outside.   

Walking into D'Angelo's, we were greeted
by a cold blast of AC, and the sounds of ins ins ins...

The clientele is rather interesting.  Mostly 70% cougars, and 20% level 4 creepers, and 10% Pumas.   Our crew quickly took over half of the club and tore up the dance floor.   Lasers, Disco balls, Mafioso...what else could you want from a club?  The dj was pretty legit.  Folks be careful though.   The bartenders are pretty inconsistent with their prices.   The drinks are also pretty pricey, so I suggest you pregame.
We were here for a rehearsal dinner and I was definitely impressed.  From the cheesy stuffed mushrooms, to the canneloni, and chicken marsala, everything was superb!  There's a bar upstairs and downstairs and there's even a dance floor with a DJ in a separate room.  Despite our large party of about 50, the waitstaff were friendly and responsive and never left a wine glass empty for very long.
Let's see here... good Italian, reasonably priced, great location, and it turns into a dance club on weekends.

Is there any way for me to not like this place?

I'll admit that I've been coming here for the dance party for the last year, if not longer, because it's fun as hell. I never reviewed the place, though, because I felt like reviewing an Italian restaurant based on its quality as a night club seemed... disingenuous?

Anyway, I had lunch here the other day, and have to say that everything was really good. I mean, even their garlic, pepper and parsley macerated olive oil that came with their bread was good. From starters to dessert, I didn't taste a single thing that I found to be "meh."

Also, the service was great. The staff was attentive, but not pushy, especially for our large group, most of which didn't arrive at the same time. They made good suggestions, and kept an eye on all of our wine levels as we ate. The only thing I'd mention is that they hadn't adequately chilled our prosecco, but whatever. I got over it. Plus, I'm too bougie for sparkling wine. I need me some Dom Perignon in a diamond glass, playa! Not really, but yeah.

Try this place for any occasion, because they have multiple dining rooms for multiple party sizes. Definitely check out their dance party if you don't mind partying with middle-aged people who never learned how to stop having fun. These are the best kind of middle agers, in my opinion.
It's a dance club at night so the place just isn't maintained that well. Don't look at the carpets. It doesn't justify the cost therefore. 

The food is just okay. It's definitely an attempt at Italian for sure. It's just not executed to perfect taste. It's a very old school american italian restaurant. Defines, 'Meh. I've experienced better.' to me. Not quite the place you go to. Let alone at these prices. There's better italian out there. But not bad, if you happen to end up there. You can execute an okay meal.

Specific food comments:
- Chicken parmigiana. Overly cheesy. Not enough flavor. Overcooked chicken.
- D'Angelo salad. Overly dressed. Not crisp lettuce.
- Cannoli. Overly sweet and thick cream. Not amazing crisp.

The flavors were fine though so you could handle it. Decent.
Awful. Don't come here. 

1) Bad service. The waitress knew nothing about anything on the menu. Whenever I asked her about particular entrees, she could only say "it's good" and nothing more. She couldn't make any recommendations or describe anything offered beyond the description already on the menu. Also took forever to get her to pick up our check, even though she walked right by us at least 5 times before we finally gave up and replaced our credit card with cash so we could just walk out.
2) Bad food. Appetizers were ok but entrees were practically inedible. For appetizers, we got the clams florentine and bruschetta. The bruschetta was softer and not as crispy as what you'd usually expect, but I actually liked that. However, it was nothing special. The clams florentine were ok also. BUT THE ENTREES--oh dear. I came here with my boyfriend and we could barely get down more than a few bites before we decided we were done. I ordered the flounder florentine, which was essentially a fish drowning in a bowl of cheese. There was so much cheese, it was practically a soup. I couldn't even separate it from the fish, so there was no salvaging it. My boyfriend ordered the veal scallopini. I don't eat meat (just seafood) so I couldn't try it, but he's usually a good sport and able to at least eat part of something even when he doesn't like it. This veal, however, was a different case. He had maybe two bites and couldn't have any more. 

When the waitress came over to ask us how our food was, I sat there trying to find a polite way to explain my feelings about the food. I slowly started to say "not bad" and then the waitress just said "ok good" and took off.  

Never coming back here again, no matter how hungry I am and no matter how long the wait is down the street at Audrey Claire (which I would recommend in a heartbeat).
2 to 2.5 stars at best.

What a disappointment.
A close friend and I had been planning dinner here for over 2 months.
We finally got to go and the food just isn't up to par (or the high prices - $22 - $45 for entrees!).

We started our meal with delicious fresh bread and garlic-infused oil.  (That and the after-dinner coffee were the best bites of the night!)

I love a good caprese salad and was thrilled when "Fresh tomato and buffalo mozz" was a featured special ($12).  My friend and I split it - and the tomatoes were HARD - deli-quality slicing tomatoes.  This - in the middle of August when tomatoes are plentiful - is a sacrilege!  Also - who serves this over iceberg lettuce?  ICEBERG?  On a Caprese?

Blah!!!

Our server Leo tried to please us - but the entrees fell flat.
My entree was OK (albeit very over-salted) - al dente linguine with about a doze steamed littlenecks in a garlicky, salt-bath of oil.

My friends "veal saute" was a joke.  While the veal was tender, the sauce was a bland concoction of greasy-oily floury blandness.  It was supposed to be a "light white wine sauce" and no wine or flavor was detectable.

We skipped dessert and had 2 very nice cups of $3 coffee.

I would not go back here.
"Founded in 1990" - looks like they have not renovated since 2002.

FAIL!

Such a shame.
This review is geared away from the dance club, yes I have cut a rug here, no i don't remember doing it, but there were enough witnesses that i know it to be true. 
I wanted to review, the classic old school family style, Italian restaurant which provided a great meal, with excellent service. 
an old dear friend was in from San Jose. I needed a place to eat with her and her three kids( 4,6,and 9) They were staying at the Rittenhouse so we were in that area. I don't know too many kid friendly places, Mi Amore suggested D'angelos, I was skeptical, because of nightclub, but She knows better than me , when it comes to the square. 
One of the great things about d'angelos, is that one of the owners Sal, sits outside and greets you as come in with a shake or hug and sincerely seems happy to have you. hell, if you go there a couple of times you have to greet him almost every time your on twentieth st. 
Sal, took the time to say hi to us and spoke to each kid individually welcoming them to Philadelphia. All the kids were starving, and so was I, we were seated at a big table outside, and were serviced like a four star. I wouldn't call this a kid place, but they adapted flawlessly. Little glasses of milk for each kid. the food was hearty and delicious. nothing new or revolutionary, but classic Italian, served in massive proportions. A lot of food for the price, definitely lunch the next day. i was starving. I can eat a ton. I still had a full plate by the time I was full. Though I had eaten most of the calamari from my pasta because it was so perfectly cooked. If you need some Italian comfort food above South Philly, and your starving, and you like to be made to feel welcome, hit up this spot, maybe stay for a dance or two, what the hell!
I'm taking a star off of my original 5 star review.  Recently, I suggested this restaurant based on a prior great experience.  My most recent experience left me rethinking whether or not I'll return.  The kitchen completely forgot my family's and my entrees!  We waited for almost 45 minutes for our entree!  When we finally made a fuss, we still waited and our waitress was very apologetic.  The food was good although the salad should have lettuce other than iceberg- romaine, spinach or arugula would be a nicer salad, the croutons were good.  The waitress was very apologetic for the kitchen mix-up and gave us a free cannoli, which was nice but personally I think they should have given us a discount off our bill for the long wait.  I am disappointed and I was hoping that my second experience would be as good as the first.  I do think that their prices are a little steep.  We turned down a reservation at Devon to go to D'Angelo's and were disappointed.
(to the tune of "Mood" by 24kGoldn)

When you want Italian food,
In Rittenhouse, don't look for new,
[I guess I am tryna tell you what to do]
You want somewhere old-school,
Outdoor dining looking extra cute,
The owner - he will stop and visit you.

D'Angelos is def the move,
Just one bite of this tasty food...
Gonna make you moan out loud like "ooooh"
Big dishes, not one staff will be rude
Price point - trust, it comes with lots of food
Plus everything looks better with a view...

D'Angelos, for me, used to just be "that spot for late night dance parties." However, in a global pandemic, their outdoor seating had me charmed. I visited for dinner and GASP the food was just so tasty! But what really impressed me was the staff, who has adapted so nicely to the new normal. From face shields that allow for easy understanding and safe patrons alike to thoughtful touches like a single-serving of parmesan cheese when requested and sanitizer on the table, their adjustments were excellent. Even better - you still get the personal touch, as the owner strolls around greeting each table while his brother's in the back cooking.

We went with the broccoli rabe & sicilian sausage (HOT) as our starters BUT merged them - deLISH. My date got the Veal Savatore - a creamy, salty, tender dish served with a side of pasta or salad, and I went with the Asparagus and Crab pasta with a white wine 'sauce' - on the lighter side, but a MASSIVE portion. We both went home with boxes for lunch the next day, and feeling very charmed. Wine starts at $9/glass, and we saw tables across from us REALLY enjoying a few rounds of martinis. They've also got heat lamps for chillier evenings. Can't wait to go back!
I love this place. Non-pretentious, affordable by Rittenhouse standards, great service, and delicious food. It's a gem. I've been there for both the food and the post dinner dancing. Dining and dancing there is similar - relaxed and fun. 

I went a couple weeks ago with a large group and it was the perfect choice. They seated us upstairs and we had space and time for boisterous talk. I would highly recommend D'Angelo's for low hassle group dining.
Miserable experience. Dinner for two. 
 
The veal scallopini just tasted off. The flounder Florentine had too much cheese and overpowered the fish. Also, sound carries really poorly in this restaurant. There was a group of 8 or so rowdy women dining across the floor, and though I'm all for people having a good time at dinner, the sound travelled across the room and made our dining experience really poor. We couldn't hear each other speak and had to eat while listening to women yelling at each other. When it came time to pay, the waitress passed by several times while our credit card was on the bill without picking it up - so we gave up and scrounged up cash so we could get out of there and not have to spend another second in that place.

We really had a miserable time. If you're thinking of eating here because you got rejected from Audrey Claire or Twenty Manning Grill, try to catch a taxi to another area instead. We had a miserable experience and will not be recommending this restaurant to anyone.
The owner is a nasty pig. He cursed me out because I sent back a dish and then he charged me full price for only 1/2 of the second dish. He claimed that the you only get your full dish if you specify that you want the whole dish. I have never felt more disrespected at a restaurant in my life. 

Avoid this place at all cost.
1982 called and it wants it's Italian Restaurant back.

Oh, this place..... for starters we went on a Tuesday early around 5 pm.  It was nice out and we wanted to sit outside, plus we had a stroller and it would just be easier.  The guy who was at the front sat us at a 2 person table.  I asked if we could sit at one of the bigger tables so we could spread out and have room for our kid.  He says "No."  I asked if he was expecting a huge crowd and he says "I hope so".  Needless to say we were the ONLY patrons there the whole time we were dining.  So instead of letting us be comfortable and spread out we were cramped and kept having to wrestle things away from my child.

There wasn't really anything on the menu that sounded appetizing.  I ordered the salad which was pretty much a bagged Dole salad dumped on a plate.  Ever hear of arugula for pete's sake?  My fettucini was bland.  My husband's chicken parm was good so I guess if you are looking for something old school this is an ok place to go but the menu to me is something out of the geriatric ward.
I have never encountered such mean people in my life.

Came here last night with a group of people not for dinner but to dance. As you have a DJ. The owner was INCREDIBLY rude to us. I was told by the cocktail waitress (who was grinding on some guys lap in the back corner) to "GO HOME". I ordered a water and whiskey and was told that was "not a good idea"

Pathetic the way you treat your customers. Will be sure to never spend another penny here.
Thanks a lot D'Angelos
Horrible!  So many better Italian restaurants in Philly.  Go to Salento (Walnut and 22nd) or Ralph's Italian Restaurant (9th St. in Italian market) for great food and service.
Yeah, it's the go to place for mushy pasta, tasteless tomato sauce, pasty meatballs, tough veal and cheap tasting wine. I really hate overpaying for diner food. And the noise...ugh. Don't be fooled by their website. The place is tired and ready for new owners.
I am shocked by all of the horrible reviews.  We love eating at D'Angelos.  The menu is basic, the pasta is good, and we have always had great service.  We get the same waiter each time who always remembers us and is very sweet.  I like that this isn't a yuppie/hipster joint.  There is nothing novel about the decor or the food, which I find refreshing.  They make the best puttanesca I've had in Philly and a damn good pasta with anchovies.
Visited on 4/17/2010.  What a suprise this place turned out to be!  Came here at the suggestion of a friend for the dance club part of the night.  Located near 20 Manning in the Rittenhouse Neighborhood, it would be easy to miss except for the loud music thumping into the street.  The crowd was....meh.  Older italian men and cougars galore.  But with a group of us it was fun!  Great dj, plenty of room to dance.  Drinks were what you would expect in Rittenhouse-2 for $20, so no surprise there.  A fun place to visit if you like to have a little space when you dance and you have a fun group-cause your not meeting anyone under 30 here!  Unless we get the word out yelpers!
This corner Italian Restaurant is as pretty close to the best authentic Italian food (next to an Italian restaurant in Italy) you can get. 

The service is excellent from Gus at the bar to the friendly wait staff. The oil served with the bread has extremely thin slices garlic, great appetizer. The portions are generous but the taste has been great. Their sauce is not too acidic and has lots of flavor. 

We've had the lasagna, sautéed thin veal (twice in different sauces).  Sangiovese bottle with both trips. This place is a repeat for sure.
absolutely in love with d'angelo's. if i could afford to go there more often i would certainly be parked right inside, glass of chilled wine in one hand, forkful of something delicious in the other.

i always feel like they were waiting for me to come back when i interact with my server. the food is top notch and if you have any troubles at all they will seek to correct it immediately. the upstairs back room is a perfect spot for an anniversary dinner, in my opinion. and as a student, i can tell you your parents will be impressed, so make them take you when they come to town! ;)
Came here at 10:00 on a Friday night as my group of friends were looking for a place that we could go dancing. Was disappointed that upon arrival we were the only people there.  A grumpy bartender seemed less than thrilled to serve us even though we were his only clients. I asked for a mojito and that made the bartender laugh - like why would I even dream that they would serve a mojito there. I ended up getting a crappy beer instead. The DJ was playing music appropriate for folks in their 50s / 60's. I was disappointed that they were not playing more current music. All and all we had a good time for a place that doesn't charge a cover but my hopes for D'angelos had been much higher. Hoping I just caught it on an off night.
It was my first time coming to this place, I ordered some fried calamari for the table and it was my favorite dish of the night, the pasta I got was a bit overcooked then I am used to. The flavor wasn't bad so I was able to eat half of it. Great location and the food is okay, obviously not the best Italian in the city but it will suffice for a date night or a night out with friends.
I love Italian food but I really did not have the best experience at this restaurant. The food quality was a slightly below average and the prices were a little too high for the quality that was offered. The shrimp scampi was $27 and the pasta was a little firm and the shrimp did not taste that great. Maybe i ordered the wrong dish but i would not recommend if you chose to go there.
I came here for dinner. I'm a tough critic when it comes to Italian food. Obviously they have a lot of things advertised on their menu (I'm personally not a fan of that. Pick a few dishes and do them well). I got the spaghetti and meatballs. The meatballs weren't dry but they were very flavorful. It had no now factor and was just salty. The spaghetti was cooked and the sauce had no wow factor. They don't have fresh parm. It's tastes like the stuff you buy in Walmart. It was edible but I'd rather eat something else. I cannot speak for the other dishes but I'd skip this one. There are also other Italian restaurant that have smaller menus and their pasta is made in-house.... I've had BAD Italian and this isn't bad, it's only ok.
Regarding the no bikes sign, it is not from the city, it is illegal, disregard it. 

75 Pa.C.S.A. § 6125
§ 6125. Display of unauthorized signs, signals or markings
(a) General rule.--No person shall place, maintain or display upon or in view of any highway any unauthorized sign, signal, marking or device which purports to be or is an imitation of or resembles an official traffic-control device or which attempts to direct the movement of traffic, or which hides from view or interferes with the effectiveness of an official traffic-control device.
I really should give them 5 stars because I just LOVE D'angelo's.  But I'm trying to reserve my 5 stars to keep them from being cheap.

I go there and eat at the bar by myself about once a month.  I usually get plain ol' spaghetti marinara.  I know, I can make it at home.  But it's better when they make it for me and I like the little cheese caddy, the raw garlic slices in the bread dipping oil.  I also like the super stiff gin and tonic that Gus makes for me.  When they don't have Bluecoat he lets me know right when I walk in, but doesn't apologize. 

Oh yeah, Gus.  My first trip to D'angelo's was with a weird blind date.  My date was kind of a tool.  He kept looking at dressed up women on the street and then would tell me how much he appreciated my "laid back aesthetic" as clear sign that I was a "truly intelligent woman".  Jerk.

Anyway, this tool wants to quiz Gus, the bartender about the beers and he does it in a way that is supposed to indicate that he is quite the connoisseur of beer.  Except that he's never heard of a Moretti or a Peroni and HE'S NOT SURE WHAT A LAGER IS!  Again, this only matters because he's asking about "micro brew" and "on tap" and "flavor profile".

Gus is in his...60s?  Has an accent and very little interest in your pseudo-emotional needs.  When my date asks him what is the flavor profile of a Moretti, Gus looks at him, rolls his eyes and says "It'sa the flavor of a beer.  You wanna beer or not?"

And for that moment alone - 5 stars.
I never danced so much in my life in such a short amount of time this place was non-stop since the time that me and My girlfriend walked in. Staff the might-have-been family were great the drinks with quick and wonderful and the folks dancing look like they were in their glory having found a gem in the city. All types of folks but they all had in common smiles and looked like they're having fuun one particular couple llooked like they owned  the joint,  A Petit blonde all in black and her boyfriend in this bright orange shirt he was spinning her around at times like he was from one of those dance shows. They must be regulars they kept to themselves but  there was no denying there presence. Expect I'll probably see them there again , but all in all a great night great people and I think I lost 3 pounds so that's a plus five stars thanks
Charming multi level classic Italian corner restaurant in the heart of Rittenhouse Square. Owned by Sicilian born brothers and started in the early 90's. 
The door opens into a lively bar at the entrance, where you can often find Sal, one of the brothers. The bar is adjacent to a large dining area that converts to a lounge at 8 PM, with dancing and a DJ! 
On your way upstairs you will pass a wall of memories filled with stars that have visited the restaurant. 
On the second floor there are two rooms of fine dining. 
Last night our meal was incredible! My daughter had the tagliatelle, I had the veal Milanese and my husband had the fusilli Siciliana. The waitstaff was excellent, they were very attentive and pleasant. We could not pass up dessert! Homemade cheesecake, and a chocolate chip cannoli for the kids and a Limoncello for my husband. Had a lovely chat with Sal at the end of the meal. Tony, his brother is the chef who made all of our delicious meals! 
A perfect way to end the week, and a great place for an event or party!
Definitely one of the top 3 best Italian restaurants in philly and I've literally tried them ALL! I can't understand for the life of me what taste bud less morons gave this exceptional establishment 1 or 2 stars. They must be friggin idiots cause this place is literally second to none!!!!! Oh, and the spicy red sauce is knock your socks off fantastic. I could eat at D'angelos every night for the rest of my life and never want for anything else. BRAVO!!!!!
One word - Nah.
Two words - Never again.
Selected D'Angelos for a Monday date experience because their hours were later than most, open until 12AM (great). We sat on the 2nd floor and were the only patrons in the restaurant. Service was swift and attentive. The decor was classy and elegant.
I inquired about their specialties and was told that the gnocchi and ravioli were made in-house (okaaaay okaaaay, let's get it). We started with an appetizer of the caprese salad, I ordered the gnocchi with red sauce/ side of meatballs...my date ordered the alfredo/ with blackened chicken.

Bread was brought to the table...accompanied by rough cut garlic and parsley in olive oil (literally, rough). Presentation was below average.

Caprese salad...tasty, presentation below average still.

The gnocchi was temperature warm, below average and nearly tasteless. The red sauce was reminiscent of store brought spaghetti sauce. The meatball flavor and texture was unappealing...come to find out...and I quote, "our meatballs are veal...that's how we make them here." I ultimately opted for the ravioli in place of the gnocchi, which was a slightly better selection...same "blah" red sauce.

My date did enjoy his alfredo, and I would have to agree that it was the tastier selection. 

4 stars for the waiter's authentic Italian accent.
1 star for the food.
A gem of the city! One of the best Italian meals you can find in center city, at one of the best family run establishments around.

The veal chop is unreal, but be warned.... If you're there on the weekend after 10pm, you may have too much fun!

Disco ball drops, and dangelos becomes a wedding type atmosphere.

Simply the best.
Old world Italian in Philadelphia.  I was more then pleasantly surprised with this forever standby.  Old world charm meets solid food from the fresh bread and garlic olive oil to a pretty perfect Caesar salad with just the right amount of anchovies.  Oh the lightly fried and properly crisped veal melanaise  a sure hit and to round it out right go for the ever so wonderful cannoli.  A la Scott thinks this a solid three star Italian treat in a city that knows Italian food well.
I truly like this place.  The hostess, (I forgot her name) on the evening of March 23, 2018, is my favorite.  She is friendly, professional and accommodating.  I have been there several times and have enjoyed each time.  I like the old school feel and nothing uptight about it.  Although, I usually get the Veal Francaise, a special order of Shrimp Francaise not on the menu, was prepared for us as well.  Both meals were delicious, juicy and tender.  And then there is Gus...What's not to like about him?

The only downside is that they are closed on Sundays.  For some reason, I seem to have a craving for this place on Sundays.
Ugh was so hungry last night with a group of 4 others and this was the only restaurant with an open table on a Saturday night, and now I see why! 
I should have known the second the bread came out that it was going all down hill from there. The bread wasn't toasted, cold and the olive oil dipping sauce was terrible. The stuffed mushrooms app was soggy, not actually stuffed and just had a slice of cheese on top. The Caesar salad was over dressed and nothing but lettuce. My dinner was the "baked shrimp" which let me tell you was FRIED butterflied shrimp topped with a pound of chunky tomato sauce and slices of cheese. I won't even start with everyone's else's dishes... 
Also our bill came to $250 not including tip. SO pricey!
There was HAIR IN MY FOOD! And the waiter acted like I was exaggerating to get free stuff. I have never been treated like this anywhere in my life. DISGUSTING.
OK, start with the fact that it is on prime real estate next to Rittenhouse Square and you can rationalize their prices.  Linguine with clams $22, Veal parmigiana $26, seafood over linguine $45 (ouch).  If you really want Italian and you have to be on Rittenhouse Square, this could be a good choice, but be prepared to pay.  The pasta was al dente, with lots of garlic and butter, but nothing special.  

The building is three stories of a big row house. The decor looks from the 1990s.  Dining with pictures of old Italy on the walls.  The wait staff checked on us several times.  Dress is casual.  Jeans are fine.
I've had dinner here almost every night for at least 25 years. Before that I enjoyed Tony D'Angelo's Italian-Sicilian kitchen wizardry at Jimmy's Milan. I'm not a real foodie but I've been lucky to have dined at Le Meurice, Guy Savoy, Arpege, Aux Lyonnais, Mon Amis Jean in Paris, Petite Maison, a favorite in London, Le Bernadin, Bolud locations in New York, Vague D'Or in St. Tropez etc. In Philadelphia this is where I eat. I know this entire menu rather well and also know that Tony has a huge unadvertised repertoire of delicious items you can request. Besides its world class Italian chef, there are superb waiters, including Luis and Leo, whose gracious, attentive service and highly professional approach would fit them for the most distinguished dining rooms in the world. As we say at D'Angelo's, Forgetaboutit!
Came here for my birthday and my grandmothers birthday (guess which one of us turned 87...)on a Tuesday afternoon. 

The place was barren for the most part of our meal. But the staff was friendly and happy to have lunch guests. 

We ordered the stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer -- they came out delicious and Cheesy! Highly recommended. 

I ordered the chicken Marsala- which was one of the best I've had. This is mostly due to the sauce! It wasn't creamy like I'm used to- it was acidic and sweet at the same time- almost like a dressing! The mushrooms were a great consistency! And the chicken was so fresh. 

My aunt got the asparagus Ziti- which was pasta with bits of asparagus in a blush sauce- I would not order this again and neither would she. Too much pasta and not enough veggie! 

My uncle loved his flounder franchese and gram loved her sausage and green pepper sandwich with lentil soup! 


They gave us free dessert because of our birthdays- their homemade tiramisu was so flavorful! And that ricotta cheese cake was one of the best I've ever had!!! 

Thank you D'Angelos!!!
The only reason I give two stars is that I simply asked for broccoli on top of a plain pasta dish. This should cost maybe four or five dollars? Maybe six? They charged me 10! Who charges $10 to put a little extra broccoli on top of a plain pasta dish? The food was good, but you should definitely skip this place.  There are much better Italian restaurants to eat at in Philadelphia.
Great italian food + Mobsters + late night music scene = D'angelo's

I have experienced all that is D'angelo's several times, but the first three or four times it was to go and drink (somewhat pricey) vodka sodas while watching a mix of twenty-somethings dance while the Godfather watched from the side.  I've always found the scene in D'angelo's weird, fun, and for some reason attractive.  I waited to review this place because I hadn't eaten the food yet, which I knocked out this past weekend with a mix of parents and young adults.

Food:

Solid italian food...I had been at the craft brew fest most of the day, so I went safe with the Chix Parm and it was delicious.  That being said, I wouldn't have been in a position to critique much on the food side...I was fairly drunk at this point in the evening.  From what I remember, everyone was happy with their meal and the atmosphere was welcoming to both age groups.

Drinking Scene:

Around 10 pm this place transforms into more of a club scene, minus the bottle service and annoying velvet rope.  Although there are plenty of large italians that aren't exactly bouncers but certainly keep you on your best behavior.  I would definitely recommend this to a group in the 25-35 range who want a classy place to dance, but would not recommend going without a good girl/guy ratio.  There are some shady characters lurking around the place late at night and I don't think I would be comfortable sending girls in there without some backup.

Overall:

Food is worth the trip.  Drinking scene is worth seeing at least once.  Look out for people making offers you can't refuse.
Love this old world Italian place.  Super friendly almost-retired waiter Alex gave very helpful Italian wine recommendations and great service.  Bruschetta, chicken parm, and lasagna were delicious.  We all were groaning by how full we were at the end of the meal, and we had to skip salad and dessert.
Super delicious. Never had anything here less than excellent. Great atmosphere and prices are right! If your in the mood for spaghetti, this is the place to go!
We went to the Dangelos quite by mistake but was cordially welcomed by the owner and host.  The place has an old school charm and somewhat old fashioned vibe but still charming.  I ordered the canneloni, my friends had spaghetti n meatball as well as the bolognese.  Each was ample and very tasty.  Actually, the portions were huge.  My canneloni was very good and very rich.  I enjoyed the food, the warm hospitality and the simple back to the future dining.
Always have a good meal here! Would definitely recommend if you're looking for an old school Italian restaurant. The spaghetti and meatballs and homemade gnocchi are really good!
still the best italian around in Philly.  

we had dinner here (or was it late lunch) in early 2015 and ate upstairs on a nice day.  

the food was as good as it was 20 yrs ago, the service even better.  

we had a nice table with a window view.
Four stars for service, most definitely. Three stars for food-- but I probably just ordered the wrong thing.

I was here a few months ago. The line at Audrey Claire was an hour and  a half long, and my friends and I were roaming the neighborhood with many bottles of wine. D'angelo's was just down the street and the owner ushered us in, assuring us that we could drink our own wine even though it's not typically a BYO. Lovely.

If I remember correctly, I was preparing for a big night of drinking and didn't want to get too full before partying. I ordered the caprese salad, which was mediocre. The mozzarella was nothing special and the tomatoes were not ripe or juicy. I also ordered the lentil soup which was perfectly seasoned and dressed with parmesan cheese. The bread at the table was wonderful, paired with an incredibly garlicky olive oil. The server was top-notch and opening every wine bottle as the previous one emptied. 

Recently I saw a "Hiring" sign in the window and went in to ask for details. I mentioned to the owner that I was there in September with friends; we had our wine and it was so nice that we were allowed to drink it there. He nodded and said he remembered we sat upstairs. I liked that. Who doesn't like to be remembered?
I've eaten here many times and the food is incredible.  If you are looking for the best Italian restaurant in Philly, go to D'Angelos.  A+++
Terrible service, food is OK, over priced, waiters were rude and acted like I was on another planet when I asked for an itemized receipt. Do go here.
D'Angelo's is kind of one step above the Olive Garden. It has a tourist trap kind of feel to it.  The food was decent, but not that great for the price. It's an okay option if you can't get in anywhere else and you're starving.
Some Enchanted Evening
Looking for a place to dine and dance, my dance partner suggested D'Angelo's. After serious negotiations for a parking place, we needed a drink. Luckily the restaurant was welcoming and cozy with a knowledgeable bartender who didn't blink an eye when I ordered a Kir Royale. We dined at a premier table. The bread was fresh, but cold--so we warmed it over our candle, the clams florentine were perfect, my veal was tender but the broccoli rabe was a bit salty. Jim's lobster was a little tough but he devoured it with the seasoned butter sauce and ate the reminder of my entree (kitchen exhausted from the Army-Navy Game celebrants?). Service was attentive. The owner greeted us and asked if all were okay. Hard to complain with empty plates. After dinner, we went downstairs to dance--all salsa and bachata--give us a break! To recover, we headed to Rittenhouse Sq. to view the holiday lights intensified by their reflection on the rain-splashed walkways. Remedial umbrella-holding training was necessary. I was kissed warmly for my efforts--I'm bumping this guy up to date level. Thank your, Mr. D'Angelo.
My company had a holiday lunch here, and I have to say, it was just about the most horrible excuse for "Italian" food I've ever experienced. From the 1.5 hour wait for our food, to the glass of ice tea that smelled like it hadn't been washed in a few years, to the overdressed Caesar salad with very little flavor and gross wilting lettuce, and then finally to the entree "Flounder Francaise" that was suggested to me (which turned out to be an eggy, soggy mess that supposedly had fish inside it somewhere (see photo) and the side of overcooked "homemade" fettucine (I've had homemade plenty and this ain't it)..with marinara sauce that must have come out of a can (also see photo). This meal was a disgrace. And not just mine, but pretty much everyone was disappointed. 

I remembered that we had a holiday lunch there about 2 years ago that wasn't great, but wasn't nearly this awful. I also remember that there was almost no one else in the restaurant that time. This time, the restaurant was packed. I can't help but think that they overbooked the restaurant and ended up not being able to serve anyone in a reasonable amount of time. I'm serious. We got there at 12:30pm and didn't get any food until 1:47pm. When the first appetizers came, they were single-sized portions, not sharing portions (and I didn't go into detail on those - but they were calamari, tomato/mozzarella, and bruschetta.. all pretty sad looking). 

I could tell that the waitress knew how bad the meal was.. and she was very sweet. The one upside was that all the waitstaff seemed very nice, but way overworked. This place should have closed - or just become a full time nightclub - long long ago.
Saturday night 6/6 
Birthday dinner for my wife couldn't have been any better. 
We had a group of 10. 
We like to have fun and some of us can get a little louder than others. 
They sat us upstairs and it truly felt like we had the place to ourselves. 
Great waiter Vincenzo. Don't call him Vinny. 
Was having fun with us and did a great job keeping our food and drinks flowing. 
Food was delicious. Had a few appetizer specials and a few bottles of wine topped off with shots of home made Lemoncello. 
We closed the dance floor at 2:00am and had an absolute blast. 
The waitress downstairs was awesome and Vincenzo moved to the front door to greet customers coming in. 
We had such a great time and I'm glad we chose D'Angelo's for a very special night.
This was the my second time here. Tried the restaurant week menu and it was ok. Salad is good and soup is so-so. The lobster is very fresh and ravioli is tasteful.   The  thing I like most in D'angelo is their garlic and oliver oil sauce for bread.
Yum! We ate here for dinner while visiting Philly and while the prices were a little steep, we were pleased with everything we ordered. We started with a glass of wine and their fresh bread with olive oil and garlic which was delicious! We each had a side salad with the Italian vinegarette--thank god the waiter warned me the house dressing is like a thousand island, Yuck!--which was fresh and tasty, but in all reality nothing special and probably not worth the price. I ordered the broccoli with ziti and he had the ziti with asparagus. The pasta was cooked perfectly and mine offered a light, fresh tomato and garlic flavor with crisp broccoli. The ziti with asparagus was in a cheesy pink sauce which was tasty but pretty rich. We finished off with a coffee cocktail which was perfect. The service was very attentive and friendly and you could tell they were trying to run a tight ship. As far as atmosphere, yes it looks like a house somewhat poorly decorated from the early '90's, but sometimes for Italian that can be a little charming.
This was my husband and my first time and it was FANTASTIC!!!!!!  Fresh, authentic Italian food with a nice atmosphere!!  Its like being in Italy, if you're in a rush, then it's not for you!!
My fiance and I decided to try this restaurant after receiving positive reviews from a friend.

However, we were disappointed. The service was very slow, and we ended up being there for over and hour and 15 minutes for just a small appetizer and two pasta dishes. Other tables that came in later were served before us as well.

I could overlook this if the food was great, but it was mediocre. I tried the Penne Arribiata, which says "Best in the City" right on the menu, but I found it fairly flavorless and nothing exceptional. My fiance had the Chicken Marsala, which ended up being very difficult to eat as the bones were still left in. It wasn't even that great. 

I do not think I will return to this restaurant, as I think there are better Italian restaurants in the area for cheaper.
Finally! Was with a birthday party of 11 and we intended to dine at Audrey Claire, who doesn't take reservations. Well, it was prime time on a Saturday night and they couldn't accommodate us. Time for plan b.  Luckily for us, D'angelo's had a last minute cancellation from a large party so they welcomed us with open arms. It was fate. The only problem was that we were prepared to go to a BYOB and had about 8 bottles of champagne with us. Let's just say they were very understanding and this was no problem at all. 

We were seated and welcomed with delicious bread and olive oil with chunks of fresh garlic. We ordered a bunch of apps for the table and it was all served in a timely manner. Between the stuffed mushrooms, calamari, and bruschetta, the latter was by far my favorite. The calamari was way too crispy for my liking, almost double fried. 

In terms of entrees, there were so many delicious options, I quickly scanned the menu and decided on one without looking back. As with the apps, our entrees were also served very quickly. This was impressive for a large party on a Saturday night. I went with the ziti asparagus and was very happy with my decision. I'm not sure if I had filled up on the bread and apps, but it was way too much food to leave comfortably. Similarly, the rest of the party enjoyed their meals. During dinner we were fortunate enough to be serenaded by the owner, equipped with an acoustic guitar. It was beautiful. For dessert they allowed us to bring our own cake, not sure if they usually allow this.

After dinner we headed downstairs for some dancing. The DJ was the owner's wife and she was great. It was pretty crowded but we were comfortable. I'm only 23 and was by far the youngest one on the dance floor, but I still had a great time. D'angelo's is a solid choice for an authentic Italian meal, and I will be back.
we went into this restaurant for lunch on a casual weekday. guess the ambiance was "cozy", would probably look/feel better at night with lights than mid-day. the spaghetti with meatballs was very nicely done but it definitely wasn't one of the "best" i've ever tried in philly...
If you can get a seat in the front room in the upstairs as opposed to the side room, you're golden.  It's snug and warmly lit.  The side room looked really dated and we were alone.
The food - phenomenal.  The service - phenomenal.  It's expensive, but I think we actually shared two anniversaries here when we were in college, and it was well worth the money.
This place is a trifecta of all things amazing. 

I would just like to point out that we came here on a Friday night and I'm not sure how it is other nights of the week.

It's a bar, a restaurant, and a discotheque all in one! I felt like I was whisked back to good ole Europa the second I entered. I love disco-restaurants.
I was greeted by a friendly hostess who immediately offered to take my coat. 
My girlfriends were enjoying drinks at the bar and I sat down to join them. I had a pinot grigio and a tanqueray-tonic. Both are hard to mess up and they definitely hit the spot. The bartender was really friendly - and not just to us - to other patrons as well.

Food: I had a bite of my friend's pasta which was pretty standard. It wasn't spectacular, but it hit the spot - just right.

The rest of the bar/dinner crowd there was fun and entertaining as well. DO go to this place if you like to socialize, talk to other people randomly, and have a good sense of humor. Don't come here expecting a fancy feast or a typical experience. 
The disco part DJ played a good mix of Latin and dance-type songs (Michael Jackson, Rihanna, etc.) at a reasonable volume - meaning you could have a conversation at the bar and then phase everything out on the dance floor.

The only thing that saddened me a little was the amount of people on the dance floor - where was everyone? Perhaps the rain scared them away.

I am definitely coming back.
The food is incredibly good (try Dover Sole if they have it or langoustines) but pricey.  The owners (brothers Sal and Tony) are very friendly. Tony cooks up Italian dishes based on his mother's recipes. Go dancing at the disco on weekend nights, and try Tuesday night musical amateur evenings.
Great not-quite-family-style Italian Restaurant in the heart of Rittenhouse Square.  Great selection of pastas, with the whole wheat option.
The people could not have been more friendly and accommodating.  We had a 7:00 pm reservation on a Saturday night.  We should up at 6:30 pm because the two small children with us were tired.  They immediately, and graciously seated (in the downstairs/dancing area).
Our waiter was attentive and forthcoming with suggestions.  We ordered off the menu (sometimes at the waiter's suggestion) and everyone was pleased with every dish.
The several clam appetizers were not to my 10 year old son's liking, so the waiter suggested --off the menu-- a clam fra diavolo or just clams in red sauce.  They would make either.  
I wasn't sure if I wanted fresh mozzarella with sun dried tomato.  The waiter suggested--off the menu-- a mozzarella caprese.  We ended up doing the caprese with sun dried tomato on top.  Excellent. 
I could not decide between several pasta dishes, so the waiter suggested a sampler for two (even though it was not on the menu) of three different pastas.  We were each served our own plate containing a smaller portion of Penne Arrabiata, Penne with Asparagus and Fusilli with Eggplant and Mozzarella.  The only disappointment was the fusilli was actually rotini, which is fine, but don't sell me fusilli and give me rotini.
My children had spaghetti and meatballs, which they both loved (and my wife confirmed was excellent).  
Our guests had a stuffed calamari (which I would not eat, but was told was fantastic) and a chicken parmigiana (which I confirmed was fantastic!).  I had a cannoli (I know, I know).  Tasted fresh and homemade. The cream had a hint of orange rind flavor.  Chocolate chips and no pistachios. 

The prices (despite what OpenTable says) are higher than $$, but pretty reasonable by Rittenhouse Square standards. Six of us (four adults and two children) had 3 appetizers, 2 children's entrees, 4 adult entrees, two bottles of wine, 4 desserts and 3 coffees.  The bill, before tip, was about $320.
This was the first time I ordered spaghetti and meatballs at a restaurant after reading that it was voted Best Of Philly. Delicious! We were in a large room as the only table, though, which was odd. But the food was great.
We came here with another couple for dinner--mostly for convenience (it was right around the corner for both of us), and curiosity (we walk past it every day).

This is the kind of place that has been owned by the same couple for the last few decades--the owner will come by and sit at your table and talk to you for awhile (which could be a positive or negative, depending on the occasion), the woman I presume to be his wife is loud but generally friendly, the waiters joke around with you.  To me, all of this could be good or bad, depending on what kind of vibe you're looking for at a restaurant.

What killed it, though, was the food.  My husband and I split a calamari appetizer, which was lukewarm, bland, and soggy at best.  He got the lasagna, and I got a pasta--prosciutto, peas, mushrooms, with a cream sauce.  The whole thing was bland, the pasta overcooked (it fell across my fork so limply, it looked rather pathetic), the dish was lukewarm again, and the cream sauce was goopy in texture--ugh!  I felt like I could make better pasta with some canned alfredo sauce.

On top of it all, it wasn't exactly cheap either.  Definitely doesn't break the bank, but for the money you spend, you could definitely get a decent meal elsewhere.

Every place deserves a second chance though (unless one of us gets really sick...which we didn't)...so we may be back.  Probably not too soon, though.
I can't believe that I waited so long to eat here. The food was fantastic. The waiter was very friendly and experienced. It felt like a great neighborhood place where you could go often and they would know your name.
Old style Italian!! Service was excellent!
Our friend brought us here, we're so glad he did! 

Table of five and we ordered the Caprese salad and mushrooms as appetizers. Very good. Hot bread and oil too. Everyone enjoyed their entree, bolognese, mussels, veal two ways and sausage. Wish my Italian was better for the proper names...

Great bottle of wine! The owners came by to check on us, very nice, sweet guys.
We sat upstairs near the front windows, great spot.
Desserts were also terrific, I loved the cannoli's !

To my surprise, we hit the dance floor downstairs after dinner. Such fun! Great music, fun crowd.

Put this place on your list of places to try!
I feel bad about the low rating only because I didn't pay for anything and someone else is spending the money for me to have a good time. Now, that being said, we had a great time in spite of less than average service and the food was simply not very good.  Maybe I'm missing something......
On a Valentine's Day date my guest and I walked into a room filled with heart-shaped balloons and candlelit tables. While most restaurants may overbook, I felt comfortable and cozy in the slim dining room upstairs. The menu itself may be pricey to some, but I ordered Lobster Ravioli with baby shrimp in a pink creme champagne sauce for $28. On a romantic holiday, that is a fair price for me. My guest had lobster a la Francaise in an egg battered, lemon & butter sauce for 45.00, he was not all that impressed with his dish and expected his lobster to be less chewy. If you're skipping an appetizer, D'angelos serves fresh bread with olive oil for dipping, all pretty standard. When my dish came out, the ravioli was cooked perfectly, the sauce was delicious and of course I used the fresh bread as a dip to my champagne sauce. How could I not? Yum, yum and more yum. A simple romantic dinner as we had a great time while he drank scotch, I had white wine.

The management really seems to take pride in their restaurant since they took a few photos of patrons, greeted guests and peaked in every once in awhile. It wasn't creepy-annoying the way other restaurants table stalk guests, it was innocent and had a sweetness to it.

Side note: the venue has coat check, valet and a lounge.
Reason for 1 star and not 0; the two ladies that are the hostesses were very nice and welcoming. Other than that, this restaurant should be ashamed to call itself 'Italian'. This was the worst Italian food I have ever eaten.  Ordered the Italian Antipasti, was $11.00 I think, and was just a few shreds of watery iceberg lettuce and tuna, tasteless tomatoes and some leftover salami. Really overpriced and bland. Ordered the Taglatelle Bolognese, was REALLY bad! If this is an Italian restaurant, they SHOULD know how to make Bolognese, which is made with MILK not heavy whipping cream. It tasted like taco meat that they added to a fettucine sauce.  The taglatelle was stale, they don't even use fresh, homemade pasta and they really should at these prices. Also ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, which seems to be their claim to fame, and it was just bland, the meatballs were 'ok', but the spaghetti was not cooked al dente, about 2 minutes under, so it had a 'crunch' in the middle. And again, no homemade pasta, only the dried box stuff. The waiter was okay, but he seemed to not want to be bother too much.  If you want to have decent Italian food in the Rittenhouse area, go to the newly opened Serafina at 18th and Walnut, where they make all their own pasta, the service is superb and the prices are reasonable. Or just take the trip to South Philly and go to Villa di Roma, but do not waste money here. I agree with a previous reviewer, it is a fancy (and over-priced) Olive Garden.
Best neighborhood Italian spot.  Pizza, especially the Sicilian and Grandma slices, are hands down the tastiest - when fresh out of the oven - of the many local competitors. In my opinion DA's eggplant, veal and chicken dishes cannot be topped by even fancier/pricier Italian restaurants in the county.  Prices are fair and service is good.
I've only indulged in D'Angelo's for Saturday night fun. I've watched the NCAA tournament here, had casual drinks at the bar and danced my little feet off on the dance floor.

I love it. There's nowhere else in the city like it. I feel like I'm with my family circa 1980s because everyone has lovely Italian accents. Makes me melt.

The drinks are a little pricey at $9 a pop, but I guess I'm paying for atmosphere, which is never anything but fun.
Was at this place last night for a friend's 50th celebration.  It was our after dinner dancing spot.  I gave the dj 20 bucks to play 3 songs.  We waited and waited and waited and waited.  Finally, I was like, are you going to play the songs or what and he told me to get away from him.  I said ok, forget it, took my 20 back and we left.  They could have had a better bar tab from SIX fun women.  I think 20 bucks is worth 3 cool songs - Melt With You, Heartbeat and Blank Space.  I felt as though he was very rude.  We didn't have food, can't speak to that.  Wait staff was good.  Crowd was all over the place age wise, so it was good for people watching, but I know dj's personally and this one was rude as can be.  April 25th, 2015.  Grade A A-hole.
Could be one of the worst places I've been in Philly PERIOD. Please read all reviews prior to going here. Shrimp wasn't cooked, veal was awful and pasta was bad. No pride in the presentation of dishes either.
Don't miss this Italian restaurant in Philadelphia. Authentic through and through. Chicken Parmigiana...excellent. Rigatoni Oil and Garlic...excellent  bread...excellent. Dipping oil...excellent. Atmosphere and Italian music...excellent!!!  Even the water was excellent...lol. Will definitely come back.
i love this place.  ...great neighborhood place that's a block away from me.  i stop there all the time to get some take-out, but the best time is sitting outside when it's nice, grabbing some wine and food, then grabbing a drink in the lounge afterwards.  

everybody inside is extremely friendly.  i was there the other day and someone inside had me try their clam casino antipasta while i was waiting for my meal.  now, i'm going to have to order clams casino everytime i go there--you've got to try them!
Thoroughly enjoyed a wonderful autumn evening dining at D'Angelo's.  They did a terrific job accommodating our group of 11 .I ordered their spaghetti and meatballs.  The pasta was cooked perfectly, and the sauce and meatballs were delicious.  Service was excellent, and friendly.  The restaurant had a great vibe, and late in the evening, the transition began, transforming the downstairs dining area into what is obviously a very inviting and hip dance club.
I walk by this place all the time and finally tried it when I got a gift certificate as a gift. 

I went for dinner and had the fried peppers as an appetizer and got one of the specials for an entree that was fettucini with crab meat in a red sauce. My meal was delicious, the pasta had a lot of flavor and the crab meat tasted fresh. If they have this special again I would definitely recommend it. 

I really liked all the food here and it has a good atmosphere. You really feel like you are in an Italian restaurant. I only gave it three stars because of the price. This place is a lot more expensive than a lot of other good Italian restaurants in the area and it's not even byob. When there so many Italian restaurants you need to really be phenomenal to be charging significantly higher prices.
Will not go back.  Hostess was friendly. Food was disappointing.  We went on a recommendation of the hotel staff so we went in with high hopes.  Wish I had read other reviews before we went.  My husband go the "special" veal chop that was tough and flavorless.  The bread was stale. I ordered the ravioli, and received FOUR. We ordered one glass of wine and one cup of coffee, and dinner check came in to the tune of $120.  Not worth even half of that.  Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.  We should have known when they only had a few tables of people and every other restaurant was full
Over-priced. Food was OK for the price. Out-dated decor. I felt we were in the suburbs in a restaurant from the 80's. The host was very friendly. Wait-service was slow-- difficult to get his attention. We had a table of ) and sat in what was the middle of their dance floor. It was a bit awkward. The salads were good-- lots of flavor. Its a super traditional Italian place. Menu is plain and simple.
We went here on a weekday evening when the restaurant was pretty empty. My primary complaint is that food was just awful--cold, poorly cooked, and watery. I'm not exactly a fine dining connoisseur (seriously, Olive Garden ranks as solid Italian in my book) and I still thought it was terrible. The decor hasn't been updated since 1974 and the upstairs was rather dingy and dirty. Maybe it looks better in the dark when the place is a dance club? Regardless, avoid if you are looking for a good Italian meal, there are much better places in Philly!
So bad that when I got the bill I got teary. That I could have actually spent 117$ for two on a dinner that was the closest to a diners version of Italian food. I can't breath. s**ty bread (only word that works, not meaning to offend anything/one but the bread) masked as Italian bread, frozen butter patties, a special garlic mixture that nether of us could eat (imagine being forced to eat 5 cloves of raw garlic), lasagna that was a huge "blob"(and I don't use that word lightly) of fat pasta with wads of Ricotta slop and hunks of so-so sausage chunks. Veal that was tough in a sloppy gelatinous wine sauce and well, I just can't even express how bad it was. Think Olive Garden -1000! Shame shame shame on you! You cant ride on the old school rep' of yesteryear forever. Pick up your game. I really wanted you to be awesome. #givemebackmymoney - waiter great, melon wedges in season and sweet(not that you cooked that).
Horrible service. Our reservation was for 7:15 and we weren't seated until 7:45.  No server came over to even offer a drink for 15 minutes. Waitress was very rude from the beginning of the night. Took over an hour for our Main courses to be served and one dish they forgot to make and came out 8 minutes after everyone else's. When the bill came the total included gratuity. So we divided the check by the amount of people in our group. The waitress did that but then in the tip section of our credit card receipts she wrote in her own additional gratuity!! Unheard of! She was rude when we questioned what she did and dismissed us In The middle of the conversation because she had to serve food to her other tables. She's lucky gratuity was included, otherwise she wouldn't have received as generous a tip. We've been going to D'angelos for many years and it keeps declining in quality and service. This visit and our last visit were absolutely horrible. All 8 of us will not be returning again. Go somewhere else in the neighborhood.
Great little Italian place. I walk by here all the time and they have the cutest lights outside. I came here for dinner with a friend during the week. We didn't have to wait for a table at all. The food came quickly and was delicious. They oil to dip the bread was good but the bread wasn't. Overall I will definitely be back!
My travels as a dancer on Dancing With The Stars have allowed me to eat at some of the finest restaurants in the world. None however like D'Angelos. I have been eating here for 18 years. Sal Amd Tony D'Angelo have created an environment that is second to none. Tony is in the kitchen EVERY day and night and still prepares every meal himself. I have never walked in the door with out a warm welcome from Sal and sometimes a song on guitar. D'Angelos has hosted some of the most prominent people in the world and they keep coming back. If you have a chance don't miss the opportunity to eat at this one of a kind establishment!! 
Brian Fortuna
This review is ONLY for the dance club because surprisingly, I have never been here to eat food. Little do people know that D'angelo's (or Club D as we like to call it) becomes what I think to be the best place to dance in Philly. It's so weird - you're in this Italian restaurant, there are a bunch of older Italian men acting as bouncer or watching the situation unfold, the DJ never cracks a smile, and sometimes there will be a small girl dancing really hard core to songs with really inappropriate lyrics - but I promise you it's the best. I always have so much fun, but make sure to come here with a good enough crowd so you can forget about all the weird parts.
