Dae Bak means something awesome, and the restaurant lives up to its name! Here are 6 reasons I'll be Bak:

1. Banchan-good variety of korean side dishes that come with everything, and free refills!
2. Big portions- my friends kimchi fried rice was giant, and the seafood pancake was a great app between 4 people.
3. Flavored soju- they did not have this when I lived in Korea and it is dangerously delicious. We really liked grapefruit.
4. One of my favorite soups- kalbitang! Big chunks of tender meat and flavorful broth.
5. Sharing portions of some of my favorite stews-kamjatang, budaejiggae. I cannot wait to come back here in the winter.
6. No wait, good and quick service, and reasonable prices!

They have a lot of Korean classics that you dont usually see at Korean BBQ joints, the only other thing I wish they had was japchae!
Props to Dae Bak for handling our fairly tipsy and hungry group last night! A bunch of us were at Hop Sing for an event and decided to cross the street for some much-needed sustenance. We were seated at a large table by the window (fun people watching!) and kept servers busy with food orders and many rounds of Korean beer. 

We started with a scallion pancake which seemed to include a lot more than scallions - maybe some seafood? All I know is that it was fried, filling, and exactly what I needed at that moment in time. The fried dumplings were also really tasty. 

I did a chicken dolsot bibimbap bowl for my entree and it was extra sizzly. I spread the rice all around the bowl and it reached a very desirable level of crispiness. It's been a while since I've had a dolsot bibimbap bowl that was hot enough to achieve this and I was happy that Dae Bak's version was up for the challenge! Our servers were very sweet and really on top of everything. 

Next time, I'd like to venture out of my comfort zone and try some other dishes!
Massiseyo! It means delicious in Korean. The food is generally tasty and healthy for you. Get in your macros, proteins and carbs, while the micronutrients like your veggies from the banchan or side dishes. I got the beef Soondobu or tofu stew and it did not miss its mark. It tasty good and the servers also were attentive to our table and gave me rice for the stew. 

The prices are a little steep though. Granted, my friend and I threw back a few bottles of beer or maekju and soju. AKA Somek. The bill was fairly pricey for the food. I imagine it to be a little cheaper but it's in the city, so prices will be a little more than usual suburbs prices. The service was good too. The waiter, Steve, was attentive and joked around a bit. It was a very welcoming and open environment. 

Peep this place out if you have not already visited and tried their food. 

Overall, it was a good experience and I plan to go again.
The seafood pancake was a favorite because it came out hot and crispy.
I appreciate cracking in a fresh egg in the seafood soft tofu stew. The yukgaejang was also good. Overall, the main dishes were tasty. The flavor of the side dishes could use some work though.

There are definitely better Korean restaurants that are cheaper and provide better service. When we came, there were two people at the front and only one person taking orders. We were essentially forgotten in the corner before we called someone over.
Finally, good Korean food that doesn't require a trek across Philadelphia!

Overwhelmed by the sight and smell of authentic Korean food, we ordered way too much for two people: seafood pancake, beef rib soup, and spicy octopus. 

The seafood pancake, which was bigger than both our faces, achieved the perfect balance of crispy and chewy. The quality of beef in the soup was outstanding. And the octopus, well, unfortunately that was a total flop - it was rubbery and completely dwarfed by the udon noodles dominating the dish.

If you want to try the stews, be sure to bring at least two friends. In hotpot fashion, the pot they fire up at your table is huge and designed for sharing. I am already planning my next trip to try the army stew, of course as part of a night of libations.

Try Dae Bak! And get something other than bibimbap! This is the kind of place where exploration will be rewarded. :)
This place is exactly what center city/Chinatown needs! Since moving to center city Philly I haven't had much luck finding decent Korean food and was super excited to check this restaurant out.
Located on the second floor of the new food court on Race street, the restaurant offers your typical Korean fare like soon dubu, bibimbaps and even hot pots meant to be shared with another person. I was happy to see some favorite stews of mine that I usually only see in KTown in NYC.
I chose the seafood pancake to start and mixed soon du bu as my entree. The seafood pancake was one of the best I've ever had and they were generous with the seafood. Because my standards for soon du bu is pretty high I thought they did a pretty good job despite it not being as rich as what I'm used to. Again generous with ingredients. My bf's chicken bibimbap was just ok although I did advise him to order something else! 
Service was very attentive and our food came out super fast. Snag a table by the window to people watch. Will be back to check out more items on the menu!
Soooo disappointed. Either we ate at a different place than the persons in previous reviews, or they had a different cook. The food was completely flavorless! We ordered steamed dumplings, la galbi and soondubu (seafood and mushroom). Every single item lacked seasoning or at minimum a little salt. The side items were also lacking taste and were not as plentiful as found at other Korean spots. The galbi portion was small and fatty. I felt like we wasted our money. I'll stick with Dubu in Cheltenham.
If I could give 3.5 stars here I would. 

The service was great and the interior of this place really reminds me of a restaurant in Korea which brought back great memories.The food though not quite there yet.

The side dishes were okay, not as good as seorabol but we'll get there.We started with the ddukbokki which wasn't as flavorful as I usually like it. It was missing that rich gochujang taste. You can tell it was a bit watered down, still spicy but not that usual rich red color.

We got the spicy squid bowl which had great flavor, definitely best dish of the night.

The naengmyun was okay. The spicy red sauce had 0 flavor, I had to put the whole thing of it in. The cold broth had 0 flavor or depth to it. For the price, I would have wanted more. More meat, more noodles and more flavor. This has to be the priciest naengmyun around in the Philly/Bucks county area. 

The prices here are very similar to Seorabol which I think is a big risk for them to take for now. I'll definitely be back to try more of their dishes but I think the prices don't compare to the quality here just yet.
I only ate here once and I am basing my review heavily off what my Korean colleagues who I dined with said, so take my review for whatever its worth.   I had the 2c. Bulgogi Dolsot Bibim Bap, and it was...okay.  Although I come to Chinatown regularly, I haven't eaten a lot of Korean food so my scale is limited.  But it just didn't wow me or make look forward to trying it again.  My two Korean friends both described their meals as "average".  
The atmosphere is cool and well kept, and I like the view of Race street from the 2nd story window.  The prices seemed a tad high for the servings.
The service was kind of slow despite not being busy, but honestly I didn't mind as the lunch conversation was good.
Soon dubu taste bland for almost $15.only cold noodle is okay from all the banchan...center city hasnt improved it selection for korean....have much better at dubu elkins park.
I had Korean Style Fried Chicken and my dining partner had Spicy Pork Dolsot. He had a good dining experience, but the Korean Style Fried Chicken was a letdown. 

Pros: For the fried chicken, they give you plenty, and the breading is light, and the side salad is unique. We went for lunch, and the restaurant was bustling but not too loud. We were waited on quickly, and got a fantastic street view on the second floor. Cleanliness was 5/5. I will say that nearly everything about Dae Bak is good except for my food -- but the food is the most important part. 

Cons: For the fried chicken, while the dark meat is moist, the white meat -- which, admittedly is harder to cook right -- is quite dry. For $20, I'd expect something more. The menu calls it Korean Style Fried Chicken, but there's nothing distinctly Korean about it. I went in expecting something along the lines of BonChon (sweet and spicy), but the breading is just as complex as KFC's. The salt mixture they provide, which includes seaweed, helps a bit. I also waited for quite some time for my meal, though they warned me beforehand about the wait. 

Overall, the dining experience at Dae Bak is good, and if I could write a separate review excluding my main course, I'd give it four or five stars. But the dryness and unoriginality of the (very expensive) main course needs to be factored in. Don't order the fried chicken, and if you, don't get your hopes up.
I see potential with this place. Coming from Atlanta, I'm used to really good Korean food and had to manage my expectations since moving to Philly. I've tried a lot of the places in Chinatown Square but Daebak is the first place in Chinatown Square where I'd actually come back. 

So my kimchi bokkeumbap doesn't look great with this fried egg, and it was a bit oilier than I had hoped, BUT at least they had the flavor down compared to other places I've been to in Philly! It's an easy fix and the server was very humble in taking my feedback. The side dishes were pretty good, I was pleasantly surprised by the spicy kick in the potatoes. The chef also gave us complimentary braised mackerel and radish. I really liked it but was told it's not on the menu...if they get good feedback maybe they may consider it! 

Going back again soon and will try something else to review! Really excited to see this Korean restaurant in town. :)
Finally, good real Korean food in Chinatown! Absolutely loved the Jeyuk Bokkum and the Kimchi Jigae. Appreciated the fact it was authentic Korean food and excited we can finally get it late night. Think I found my go to stop for Korean food in the city!
I understand that in the city, Korean locations are few and far in between, but this place is a big swing and a miss for me.

After trying this place multiple times, I have left progressively more disappointed. The ddukbokki was subpar, the spicy pork was full of veggies and hardly any meat and the sauce was pretty similar to the ddukbokki sauce. The galbi tang was decent, but nothing special especially for the price. The neangmyun was good and the gamjatang can be good or bad depending on when you go. Consistency seems to be an issue at times here.

I will say the location is great and the service is fantastic, but the food should be the heart of any restaurant and I was fairly upset at what could be such a great place. It has a lot of potential and I hope that it only gets better with time, but unless I'm in a pinch, I will venture out to other locations for my Korean fix.
I will always remember this place as where I was first introduced to grapefruit soju...it's so good.

As for food - I cannot judge for the authenticity of Korean flavor/taste but the company I went with of which 80% were Korean attested to the quality of the food and it tasted pretty good to me so I'd say it comes rather close to pretty good Korean food. I think good Korean food is hard to come by in philly regardless so this place is a nice option when the craving hits.

I shared a large stew with three other guys...it had huge pieces of pork on the bone as well as cabbage and scallion...I thoroughly enjoyed it however, I didn't get to enjoy it until the other half of the table had basically finished their meal because the mini stove used to heat the stew kept running out of butane/malfunctioning/not running at high heat etc. I was fine with it and just picked at the side dishes (which the server graciously refilled). Side dishes were relish as well. The stew (and the rice that came with it) was large enough to fill all four of us so pretty decent portion! And it was cheaper than ordering a stew individually. 

I would come here again with a large group!
Very clean restaurant. Everything from the water jug to the metal utensils reminds me of restaurants in Korea. Service was really spot on, all the servers have ridiculous hustle. The food however is a little left field. 

Lots of banchan, like 8 dishes. Kimchi is solid. 

Tteok-bokki: weird insertion of red bell peppers and wood ear mushroom. Awesome that that included egg and fish cake. Sauce was really on-point and had a good spice to it.  

Galbi tang: really get the sense the broth included MSG. Skimpy on glass noodles and additional garnish. Broth was really tasty, but again I think because of the MSG.

Haemool tang: again, pretty sure heavy in MSG. A lot of vegetables: enoki mushrooms, green onions, radish, etc. A lot of seafood: shrimp, crab, and clams.

I only gave 4 stars because I can't think of any alternatives, service was awesome, and 8 banchan is dope. Giwa in Center City is the only other sit-down Korean place I can think of, and even they aren't full on just Korean food (they do Korean and Korean-Mexican fusion) like this place. 

Also... why $15 for a bottle of soju? LOL. I get this stuff is imported, but in Korea I was paying the equivalent of $1.50. 

This place accepts credit card.
I love Korean food... but this restaurant is pretty pricy but I guess it has to be since it's in the city and it's in a new building. 

The host sat us by the window and everyone else pretty much sat by the window too. (It makes the restaurant look full from the outside lol)

Food was good, portion could've been a bit more for the price. Friendly staff and clean restaurant.
After a late and physical day of work I arrived at Dae Bak a half an hour before closing. 

My body was craving some savory heat and I was not disappointed. 

This will be short because I have only 19 minutes left before they close and I must return back to my bubbling bowl of beef soondubu.  Damn it's delish. I ordered level spicy and the broth is rich and has that depth of pepper flavor that I long for with Korean food. 

Okay 14 minutes before closing, I had to have a few spoonfuls. So yes, this is just the kind of heart warming, palate awakening food that you need when you feel depleted. 

Yum. Oh and hello, Banchan too!
If I could give this post negative stars, believe me, I would. I've had the worst customer service of my life. This was not my first time ordering from them. I always get the Kimchi Tofu Stew and EVERY SINGLE TIME it came with the pork. Yesterday was no different, I ordered the same dish, except this time it did not have pork. That was not too big of an issue, but as I began to eat my food, I opened my side that it came with and discovered a thick curly hair. Immediately that ruined my appetite and I called to inform them of the situation. 

When I called them, the girl on the phone was very nice about the whole situation. She informed me that IT WAS SUPPOSED TO COME WITH PORK and apologized for the hair that I found in my side. She offered that the next time I came, she would give me a free Kimchi Tofu Stew with pork. 

The next day I decided to order a to go order (the same exact order) and had informed them of the situation from the day before. When I called them, the guy that picked up the phone explained that the Kimchi Tofu Stew does not come with pork (although every time I got it it had pork and despite that the girl told me that it was supposed to come with pork) and that the Kimchi Jigae comes with it. So I asked if I was still able to claim my free Kimchi Tofu Stew with pork and HE HUNG UP ON ME! I was furious so I walked over to see if that was an accident and to place my order again in person. 

When I got there, I asked to speak to their manager. I told him the situation and he said the most he could do is give me a discount for dine in only. I refused the offer because I don't wish to dine in there ever. Not only that, the employee assured me the day before that I would receive the exact same order of the Kimchi Tofu Stew with pork on the house. The manager then resulted in a free appetizer if I dined in and again I was furious and refused. We argued for quite a bit and in the end he gave me the entree on the house and he ensured me that there would be pork but I went back to work to eat my food AGAIN THERE WAS NO PORK ALTHOUGH HE ASSURED ME. 

Long story short, I am furious and would never eat there ever again. There was thick curly hair in my food and I was lied to. I didn't care so much for the free food but what made me furious was their attitude. There should never be a reason for you to argue back with a customer when you were at fault to begin with. You also can't say you'll give me another one and then just take it back the next day. Not only that, WHO HANGS UP ON THEIR CUSTOMERS! I'm warning you guys their customer service is shit. I highly DONT RECOMMEND this restaurant and I sure won't be eating there ever again. 

****Attached below is an image on yelp that shows that the Kimchi Tofu Stew does come with pork. Another picture shows the free one that he eventually gave me that STILL DOES NOT have pork as he assured me****
Welcome to Chinatown Square, Dae Bak! You are the perfect new addition to this food court style hall located right in Chinatown. Unlike some of the other food vendors in Chinatown Square, Dae Bak is discreetly nestled on the second floor. It is certainly a hidden gem. 

The vibe: Clean, casual, and modern. You can certainly tell this place is new. The space is small but the layout is very open. Thus, seating is fairly limited. There is plenty of natural light and there are a couple sleek flat screen tvs mounted on the walls.

The service: Top knotch. Our sever really took care of us. She was really attentive and constantly checked up on us. Staff took the time to throughly explain the menu and answer all of our questions.

The food: We were given 6 small side dishes known as banchan. All were worth trying. We ordered the following items for our meal - fried mandu, chicken dolsot bibim bap stone pot (4c), and kimchi bokkumpbap. The fried mandu (aka fried dumplings with beef and pork) were pretty good. It came with 8 pieces. I would order them again but next time I'd be curious to try the steamed dumplings. The chicken dolsot bibim bap is listed under the "stone pot (item 4c)" section in the menu. It came out piping hot. It was served with an egg on top which our server kindly mixed after it was brought to the table. The stone pot kept it warm throughout our meal. It was super flavorful and a decent size. The kimchi bokkumpbap was also pretty tasty. I tried some of the soju beer which I thought was okay. Although, I'm not the best judge of that because I'm not a huge beer drinker to begin with. 

Pro tip: Don't forget to check out the Johnnie Walker lounge while you're there! They offer private rooms for karaoke if you're feeling daring. :)
I feel like I was robbed eating here. It was worse than my worst imaginings. I lived in Korea five years and my husband is Korean, so when this place opened we were excited to go. But everything we ate there was far below par. He had duk pokkie and it was terrible, like you can barely call that duk pokkie. Way spicier than anything I've had - not appropriate - and duk pokkie was one of our favorite foods in Korea so we ate it a a lot. And the sauce was just nothing - like no cream or anything. That was just crap. And my kal kuksu was just like water with some bare red powder - never seen kal kuksu like that. It was just noodles in water. No broth. It was tasteless. The side dishes were okay but nothing good really. I asked if the chef was really Korean and they said yes, but this is worse food than I ever ate in Korea, like this is made by someone who has never been to Korea because even someone who cooked these dishes for the first time could make these better if they knew what they're supposed to taste like.

I wish I could get my money back. I couldn't finish my food because it was so bland and we just left. I feel like I threw money in the trash and this place isn't cheap.
Hallelujah for decent Korean food in the city!

Located on the 2nd floor of the hip Chinatown Square on Race Street, this is very accessible by foot for those of us living in Center City. The 4 of us ordered:

-Haemul pajeon (seafood pancake): one of the better ones I've had, nice crunchy outside. Not overly thin and decent amount of seafood.
-Budae jungol/jjigae: I LOVE my army stew! It's a huge dish w/ tofu, spam, rice cakes, cheese, noodles, mushrooms, kimchi, etc. The one here particularly is slightly too spicy for me but still solid.
-Galbi and Jeyuk: the marinated meats; both were very tasty and the galbi was tender.
-Vegetarian bibimbap: Mom ordered this. Obviously would have been better w/ some kind of meat, but great option for vegetarians!
-Banchan (the small side dishes): the selection could be better. One of the servers very kindly offered refill when we finished but ended up forgetting.

Pricing is on the higher side for Korean restaurants but for the convenience I'll take it. Our waitress was extremely personable and helpful. Would be back soon, gotta try the grape fruit soju next time. In terms of Korean beer, only Kloud is offered (no Hite or OB, but I have no loyalty to any of these brews so just an observation).
My review is biased since I have only tried their stews/hotpot/jungol but I would say Dae Bak is a solid korean restaurant, a MUCH needed cuisine in center city. I have been here only two times and so far they have not disappointed for the most part. The staff is eager and very friendly, so I had good interactions with them. They're very receptive to feedback and perceptive towards service. For example, my one friend commented on how they served the ladies at the table first before the men. It's the little things :)
So back to food! The banchan (side dishes) are solid. I shared the kamja tang (pork neck bone), dakdori tang (spicy chicken and potato), jampong (seafood noodles), and ddokkbokki (spicy rice cakes) with friends. Everything was great but I would probably skip the ddokkbokki next time since the rice cakes were really hard :(
Definitely give it a try!
I was wavering between 3 stars and 4 stars... I think the food is okay for Korean food. I do think its the best Korean restaurant in center city area for its combined quality and variety in Korean dishes. But I don't think it is the best Korean food I've ever had.

The service every time I've gone is honestly ok. The servers tend to forget items like drinks and last time we went there was a significant delay on one of the dishes my group ordered. I feel like the kitchen forgot to make it and they had to scramble to make it after they realized one of the dishes was missing.

I questioned giving 4 stars because I do LOVE when I order take out and they give me all the banchan in little containers. I think that touch is very nice. Not a lot of places do that.

Food that I've had there:
Bibim naengmyun - good but very soupy, almost like a combination of bibim and mul naengmyun
Dukbokki appetizer - okay
LA Galbi - okay, not super marinated/tasty like other places
Bibimbap - pretty solid

For convenience sake, I like coming here because it's right in the city but if I was willing to travel outside a bit, Dae-bak would not be my first choice for Korean food.
FINALLY! A KOREAN RESTAURANT IN CT :O 

I've been waiting for this day for much too long, I always have to venture at least 30 minutes for a decent Korean place and now this one is right down the street. It's upstairs above the new Chinatown Square, floor to ceiling glass windows and overlooks the street (super cool). 

Maybe my expectations were too high, but I was slightly disappointed with my Naengmyeun dish. It was average, nothing too special but wasn't horrible. Looking at the menu, I guess it's decently priced. Korean food in Philly is expensive in general since it's such a rare commodity.  What I did like about the place was the BANCHAN!! The mini appetizer dishes that come out with your meal before you chow down. They literally had all my favorites: potato salad, broccoli, fish cakes, pickled cucumbers, and kimchi. And they're pretty much unlimited, you can ask for refills on the little dishes to your heart's content. 

Service overall was so friendly, so sweet. They are very smiley and I like that. Food came out rather slowly despite the restaurant being slightly empty when I came for dinner, but it was fine since we ordered a bottle of their grapefruit soju to keep us occupied (highly recommend, it was yummy) 

Definitely trying out the other items on the menu next time I come, but I'll definitely be returning since my overall experience was good!!
Don't trust the reviews telling you this is the best Korean food in Philly because it's just not. Sure, it may satisfy your cravings and is conveniently located in Chinatown, but that's all it really is: good enough. 

For some real Korean that's of much higher quality AND cheaper, I highly recommend checking out the many restaurants up in Oak Lane and Olney. It's a bit of a treck without a car, but the BSL and various buses can get you close, and it's definitely worth it. Besides, don't us Yelpers live to eat anyways??? 

A few of my personal faves (in no particular order): 
- DuBu
- Kim's Restaurant
- Seorabol
- Jason's Cozyday (Korean street food)
- Cafe Soho (KFC) 

There are plenty of other spots I haven't tried yet either so I highly suggest making the effort to explore the area. You won't be disappointed!!
Thought the service here was good, but I was not impressed with the food. I've had my fair share of Korean cuisine, including Dolsot House in South Jersey, and I have to say that this food didn't even come close.

It might be a decent place to eat after a long night of drinking, but I'd not recommend it for a lunch or dinner. Much better places in Chinatown.
I've eaten here about 3-4 times now, and the food gets better every time. Although they are still fairly new, they still have some kinks to work on.

Service: 
The waitresses and waiters are very friendly, and the service is good. They periodically check on you, and if you need extra's of anything, they are more than happy to serve you. 

Food: 
Their Korean food is pretty good. I love the tofu stew (sundubu), with an egg. If you don't like spicy, you can choose to have it plain, mild, hot, spicy, or super spicy. When the waitress/waiter notices that you've finished some of the banchan dishes, they come by with a tray, ask if you want more, and then they swap the empty dishes out.

Pricing: 
You get what you pay for. Good food costs money, so if you aren't willing to spend a good amount, then don't bother. 

Timing: 
The first time I ate here, it was slow. We waiting over 30 minutes for the food, and our dukbokki was a little undercooked. 
Second time, everything came out super fast, I think I only waited about 15 mins for my tofu stew.
Third time I went to eat alone, and I think they might have messed up the ordering or something, because I waited like 45 minutes for my food. The waitresses apologized for the wait time and all, but there was no offer of a discount or anything to make up for the 45 minutes of waiting either.

OVERALL: 
Definitely would recommend this place to eat at, but they are still fairly new, so I would suggest trying to keep an open mind when going to eat here.
I love this place! I've been looking for a good Korean restaurant in center city and this is it. The people here are SO nice and the service really stood out for me. 

It's been awhile since I've been to a Korean restaurant and I'd forgotten about the side dishes they serve. They refill these throughout the course of the meal and I'm so glad they do because the potato one was unreal. It was smothered in this sauce and I'm drooling just thinking about it now. I would come back and order 15 of the potato side dishes with rice. 

We started with the seafood scallion pancake and our faces literally dropped when it came out - it was huge! It was really good, with ample seafood, and was slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the side. My one gripe is that I wish the scallion pieces were cut more finely instead of in long strips, but this is more of a personal preference than anything. 

I got the pork neck bone stew (gamja tang) and was happy with how filling the stew was. Again, I wish the cabbage was cut into smaller pieces but no complaints otherwise.

I would definitely come back here
Overall Value: The food is a little overpriced, but this is probably the best Korean food in Philly.  If we were in Annandale (which has amazing Korean) or nyc, I would only give it 3 stars.  But if you want to have good Korean food in Philly and are able to splurge a bit, this is probably your best bet.

The Food: We had the Kimchi Jeyuk (spicy pork with kimchi, $19.99) and the mixed soft tofu stew ($12.99).  The kimchi jeyuk is pricey, but it's a good-size portion and comes with rice and six large cubes of firm tofu.  Great to eat family style.  The flavors were good, although I prob could have used a little more heat (it's supposed to be spicey!).  The tofu compliments the dish well.  The mixed soft tofu stew was good as well  - we couldn't decide which stew to get, but the mixed includes a little bit of (beef, seafood, etc.), so that is what we went with.  A warm and comforting dish for the winter.  Both these dishes are probably about $3-$4 higher than I would normally expect to pay, but the restaurant is fairly nice, so not a terrible splurge.  The banchan was ok, and I like that the server asked a few times if there was anything we wanted refills on.  

The Service: Friendly staff and good service.  We went for dinner a little early and the dining room was not crowded, and the waitress quickly got our order in.  Like I said, I appreciate the offer for free refills on banchan (sometimes you get death stares if you ask for it!)

Space and Pace: A really nice dining room on the second floor of the the chinatown square food hall, so you can kind of overlook chinatown.  We had an early friday-night dinner and it was not too crowded, but it was starting to pick up by the time we left.  It is a little annoying that the bathroom is outside the restaurant, down the hall in the karaoke place.  But otherwise nice and fairly relaxed.
Loved the side dishes - the egg was our favorite, it was silky and melted in the mouth! 

Dolsot Bibim Bap: Pretty bland, the only flavoring came from sauce that was served on the side. Also, barely any meat!

Fa Dak (Soy Sauce) / Korean Style Fried Chicken: Definitely our favorite dish - the sauce was super flavorful! They used dark meat so the chicken was juicy and the green onions added a refreshing touch.
I had my hesitations about this place when I FIRST tried it because it's honestly so hard to find a QUALITY Korean restaurant with reasonable prices.

I shared the rice cake soup with my sister when I first went, and it was surprisingly good. The side dishes were delicious as well. The service was also very friendly. I had an overall good experience.

I went again today and got the "sullungtang" and it was perfect for a chilly day like today. There was a lot of the milky broth and the green scallions were a fresh touch. There was plenty of meat and noodles as well. I was so full by the time I was done. The side dishes tasted even better this time around (and I hear the chef changes up the banchan from time to time which is exciting). The workers were very friendly and all smiles.

I would come here again!
Tldr; worth going because authentic Korean food in a place where there aren't a lot of options, but why so pricey? Also, spicy there isn't very spicy. 

Full disclosure, we went during their soft opening. Daebak is a welcome addition to the Philly Chinatown food scene. I'm befuddled as to the lack of Korean food options here, which mainly consists of kbbq, fast casual bibimbap, and Korean fusion. Service was friendly and fast, no complaints at all.  My friend had their dakdoritang, which he gave his seal of approval of being as authentic as a home-cooked Korean meal. I was less happy with my mixed soondubu, as I got a medium spicy, which wasn't spicy at all. For reference, my friend who can't tolerate spicy 

Chipotle salsa without sweating was able to eat this no problem. 
Portions were definitely generous, and the side dishes are unlimited, as they should be. We even got a free deluxe sized braised mackerel as part of their soft opening, which was delicious. 

The only gripes I have about Daebak are the spiciness level and the pricing. Soondubu bowls are around $16, and one of my favorite dishes, kimchi bokum, was a whopping $20. And in case you thought maybe these $$$ dishes feed 2 people, I saw that dish on another person's table, and imo it feeds 1.5 people at the most. Definitely expect to pay upwards of $20+, especially if you get an appetizer. For reference, I'm accustomed to paying around 12-15$ for most Korean stews and soups. Otherwise, great food, pretty authentic, just pricier than normal (which I guess they can get away with due to lack of alternatives).
mmmm number one, i'm just thankful there's a korean restaurant in center city. i grew up in nyc/nj, where korean restaurants are plentiful and every restaurant HAS to serve amazing food or they just won't survive as a business due to the competition. i never experienced korean food cravings before i moved to philadelphia - and it was super exciting to hear that a full-fledged korean restaurant was opening up in chinatown. 

that being said, dae bak has great service (the servers are all super nice and hard-working) - but if i were to compare the food to its k-town counterparts in manhattan or fort lee, there's just not as much authenticity. the flavors seem more muted than korean food i've eaten in the past, but just because something is less spicy or strong, doesn't mean it's not delicious.

i think there's room to improve on the quality control of their food. the red broth of the gamja tang looks fierce, but there's not as much flavor as i would expect. the spicy sauce of the bibim naengmyun is great, but then the noodles are overcooked. their dol sot bibimbap is good - but then one bowl has the crispy rice that all koreans look for on the bottom, while the other serving has none. i think these are easy things to fix and hopefully will get better as they establish themselves as a korean restaurant in center city.
The food is average, a bit pricey compared to other Korean restaurants in the city.
Their fried chicken was solid: LA Kalbi was too dry/over cooked.
What I didn't like was their gratuity policy.
I went for lunch with a party of 5 (3 were children under the age of 10). A mandatory 20% gratuity was applied to our bill. Restaurants I've been to don't factor in young children. I was a bit annoyed by that, but what made me write this review is the 18% applied to the so called "non tippers," which basically means 18% + is applied to ALL checks. The wait staff shouldn't worry about their tip if they are committed to providing good service. Where's the faith in humanity?
Since the opening of Daebak, I've been more times than I care to admit (Daebak, please come out with some loyalty cards). 

I'm changing my rating because my biggest gripe about Daebak was the price, but now with their lunch menu, it's much more affordable! Most of their regular menu - bibimbaps, fried rice, tofu soups, and noodle dishes are ~$11. I hope Daebak is here to stay!
An overpriced disappointment. I've been to South Korea, but has the chef?

- Fried dumplings were cold inside. Sent them back. 
- One dolsot bibimbop had almost no beef in it, was 90% rice, and the bowl hadn't been heated enough to even warm the veggies. Had to send it back as well.
- The other spicy squid dolsot bibimbap was also 90% rice, didn't get crunchy on the bottom, and lacked flavor overall. Bowl was piping hot though, so the problem was the ratio of rice.
- Spicy cold buckwheat noodles were more sweet than spicy and just OK, nothing special. 

With those four items and a single beer, we got out with an $80 check. Yes, $80 if you can believe that.
Jinmo & Alicia we're our servers and they were brilliant! The food was really on point, speaking as native Korean food eaters. Hehe. 

We ordered the soondubu and sullungtang. Both were great. The side dishes were bomb. The music was soft and relaxing (Korean music). 

Ambiance is trendy casual.

We love this place! Recommend it and hope to come back soon!
Delicious food, friendly staff and a nice space. Definitely recommend going here and try the egg rolls cause they are the best!
Heard this place was great by friends' recommendation. Being from NYC perhaps my palate has tasted many more foods. So on a grand scale of comparison, I can only give it a 3 star. It's not a Korean BBQ place. It has a number of Korean dishes but the taste wasn't mind blowing. We also ordered Kalbi Tang but the waitress (her first day) thought we ordered the cooked BBQ kalbi and we told them we didn't order that. So they swallowed their mistake and gave us the dish anyway. Which was ok, but later they charged us for that BBQ kalbi dish by mistake again so after I noticed the error, they apologized and took it off. Overall, it seemed like everyone was making "mistakes" here and there which gave me the impression that they don't have it together. The food was ok. Nothing to complain about.
I went there with my bf and it was so bad. I ordered galbi tang and my bf ordered soon dubu. First of all, why there's EGG in galbi tang? Why? As a Korean, I've never had galbi tang with egg cracked and mixed in it. It is supposed to be fried, cut it with a knife and placed a little bit on top of the soup. Galbi tang I ordered just tasted like egg drop soup with some beef in it. TERRIBLE. My bf loves Korean food and he even said his soon dubu tastes blend and not so good. And I tried his soup and yea it tasted weird. I wouldn't go here again, wasting money.
It is amazing to have real-deal Korean food in Center City again. They're in soft opening phase...and already the banchan and food are fantastic. The servers are very attentive. I can see this place, being so close to my train, is going to be a weekly stop. I can't wait to see what they do once they in full-on open mode!
Their Korean food is awesome and really tasty. Costumer service is out standing and really nice. Always make sure everything is fine with great assistance. They got a good amount of starting side dishes to start you off before the main dishes come. Overall, I'll come back and try even more food with my friends and co-workers.
Finally finding some time to visit the new crazed Korean restaurant in Chinatown, I was ecstatic since I no longer had to travel too far from home. Upon entering, I enjoyed the well-lit and clean decor of the interior and especially enjoyed the window seat with the ability to watch the hustle and bustle of Chinatown during its prime nighttime. 
The menu selection was gracious with authentic Korean food dishes which I really appreciate since a lot of Korean restaurants that are within the Center City radius seem to lose its authenticity to cater to the wide range of people with particular taste buds. 

With that said, my boyfriend and I played safe and ordered Chicken dolsot (for me) and Soon Dubu/Soft Tofu Soup (for my boyfriend) and Seafood Pancake to share. An exciting part for many hungry people are the side dishes that came before the meal because it comes right after the server takes the order. However, the tray of side dishes that I eyeballed to be mine suddenly took a different turn to the table in front of me who ordered after me. My table didn't get the side dishes until about 5 minutes after. (?) 

Moving on to the food... (this is where the stars are mostly deducted from). I will start with the good then move onto the bad. Chicken dolsot was pleasantly good and was completely finished with the help of my bf and my bf finished what he said was solidly a good soon dubu. Now the bad part. My seafood pancake had not a piece of hair, but a long strand of hair that I pulled out. It was disgusting but I know mistakes like this do happen. I notified the server and he immediately apologized and took it to the back kitchen. The manager came up to me and apologized and said that a new one would be brought out right away and that the seafood pancake would be comped on our bill and apologized again. To relieve their minds, I told them that "it's okay, it happens". Upon receiving my bill, I noticed that I wasn't comped of the seafood pancake and was a bit offended. My boyfriend said it might've been because I told them that it's okay. Even so, in a restaurant setting, a compensation for something like that still should be given as a courtesy. I'm not much of a complainer in a restaurant so I just paid the amount stated on the bill and left. 

The other night, I decided to give the restaurant another go. The soft tofu was bland this time around and the kitchen was a mess. I was served cold, hard rice with my soft tofu and an extra dolsot was brought out to the table with a "did you order another one?" Later on I overheard one of the waitress repeat "the order went out already!" for an appetizer order for a different table. There is no communication between the servers and the kitchen. My second time here left me disappointed again and I'm really not that picky in restaurants because I worked at a Korean restaurant before, but, I think I'll only come back here if I'm desperate.
Servers and everyone that works here are very friendly. Food is fantastic! Love this place and definitely will be back! Their ginger chicken soup is sooooo refreshing. Great for hang overs!
Wow, I was pleasantly surprised that this place was actually pretty good. Came here because I didn't want to drive up to North Philly to K-Town. The place is located right above chinatown square and was a tad on the warm side esp for not having many tables seated at the time we went. Make me wonder how muggy it'll get with a crowded restaurant. Anyway, moving onto the food.

I have no idea what we were thinking when we ordered 5 dishes for 4 people (and 2 of them are young kids). LOL. But, we really wanted to try this place.

Korean spicy rice cakes - Really enjoyed this dish. They put the perfect amount of sauce and spice and it didn't over power the entire dish. This dish was HUGE and loaded with mushrooms, an egg, and fish cakes.

Beef soft tofu soup - Not the best I've had, but it is definitely up there. Very flavorful and I really enjoyed it. I ordered spicy and felt it could have been a tad more spicy.

Bugolgi - I didn't eat much of this, as I was saving it for my babies, but the bites that I did have were decent. I felt there was a bit too much onions in it though (and I like onions)

Spicy pork and kimchee - definitely a hit with my husband. The flavoring was right on. It also came with rice cakes which was a plus for me. 

Jap Chae - I felt this was a tad mushy, but the flavorful. Maybe cook the noodles a lil less next time?

I will surely be back!
One of if not the only solid Korean options around central Philly. Pretty authentic menu, good variety. Don't go if you're just expecting lots of KBBQ. Good for large or small groups
Absolutely terrible experience! We waited thirty minutes only to find out that our waiter never entered in our order. They never bothered to check up on us at all during that time. But that's okay since she was a new hire, it's understandable. However, we were told that we would get a discount for waiting such a long time. We got our food, but it was just mediocre. When we asked for the check, they never bothered giving us the discount. When we left, one of the guys at the front acted as if nothing wrong happened and told us to have a "good night". Night was fucking ruined. Absolutely unbelievable!
It's been awhile since I've had Korean food. Since Philly has a Chinatown, I thought this place will probably be legit... Dae Bak is located in a 2-story center and is located upstairs. For being a large facility, you would think the place would be air-conditioned... it is not. Dae Bak takes cash or card. If you pay with cash, you receive a discount. 

Just like any Korean restaurant, they provide you with an unlimited amount of side dishes to complement your meal. We started with the Seafood Scallion Pancake. I'm not sure why they would cut it like a Pizza... you can ask for them to cut it into squares. The Seafood Scallion Pancake is perfect for any seafood lover. You will find squid and other bits of seafood in your pancake.

For my entree, I ordered the Jeyuk Dolsot (Marinated Pork) Bibimbap. It was extremely flavorful and tender. If you aren't a fan of spicy, this is a fair warning-- this is a hot one. We also ordered a side of the Bulgogi. I'm not sure how you can ruin Bulgogi, but here we are. The flavor was extremely off. It was so awful, we trekked half-way across the country, only to realize, we didn't want it, even if we were starving...
We love Korean food  Finally this restaurant is open in Chinatown!!!!! All the food we got here is amazing n super good! We all leaving from here with happy tummy, service is great! We definitely will be back soon.
Ever since I got home from spending a year abroad in Korea, I've been on the hunt for great Korean food around Philadelphia. More specifically, I was looking for Korean comfort food, like soups, and bar food like seafood pancakes.
Dae Bak really blew me away with how much it resembled a normal Korean restaurant! They had a great food selection - I got samgyetang, my boyfriend got dolsot bulgogi bibimbap, and we shared seafood pancakes. At first, I was a little annoyed because the prices are pretty high ($20 for samgyetang), but I do have to say that the portions are massive, so the price is actually reasonable. Plus, now we have tons of leftovers!

Overall, I highly suggest checking this place out! I'll definitely drop by here more often when I'm getting cravings for some Korean comfort foods.
Glad to finally have a good Korean restaurant in center city! The food and the selection is great and every dish I've tried there so far has been delicious and authentic. Definitely my new favorite!
Average. I don't know about all the dishes but we ordered the seafood pajun (pancake), pork dolsot bibimbap, and the budaejigae. The seafood pajun was crispy, which was great but there wasn't much seafood in there, I could probably count the mini calamari rolls- maybe 4? As for the pork dolsot, it was average. Nothing super duper but not bad. However, if I want to get the best dolsot, I would go to Giwa. As for the budaejigae, it was subpar. For some reason it tasted powder-y? Like a lot of garu (red pepper flakes)? It lacked the sour kimchi taste. It could use a lot more stringy cheese on top. More umami in the broth... Not worth the 40$ or whatever it was.
Sitting by the huge window you have a somewhat of a nice view. I called it people watching. But over all the food here is very bland. Ordered the kimchi fried rice , spicy rice cakes , and hot pot . Everything I ordered didn't have much flavor how most Korean entrees I eaten at other places have. Guess since the place is still new it takes time to find a good cook?
Korean food in Chinatown! There aren't many (if any?) Korean restaurants in Chinatown, so this is a welcome addition. 

I came here this past Saturday a bit before the kitchen closed (which was right before 10) and the staff were really quick in getting us situated. I came with my SO, sister, and roommate, and we ordered a few vegan dishes (which they made accommodations for) as well as a few non-veg dishes for my sister and roommate. We ordered fried dumplings, doppoki, galbi tang, and a vegan sundobu.

-Dumplings (which have meat in them) came out crispy and golden with a dipping sauce that my sister really liked. 
-Doppoki comes with egg (but can be kept out if you want to make it vegan) and wood ear mushrooms (which are great always), and everyone really liked it. 
-Galbi Tang: The SO thought it was good, but not necessarily spectacular
-Vegan Bibimbap (just sundobu with soft tofu and veggies and no egg) was yummy (and also I was just happy that they had vegan options since no other place in Chinatown Square seems to have anything vegan aside from white rice. Hopefully that changes soon!) 

Overall I thought it was really solid and I'd happily come back next time I'm in chinatown!
FYI: Utensils are your typical Korean chopsticks and spoon so we're talking slim, flat chopsticks. The side dishes are also pretty delicious and the water dispensers have Song Joong Ki on them. Bless.

Good Korean food is hard to come by in Philadelphia for some reason but this was definitely not the case for Daebak. We had a Korea friend with us during our meal and she was pleasantly surprised by the authenticity of the dishes.

WHAT I GOT: Dolsot bibimbap

PROS: Ingredients all tasted fresh and the service was lightening fast. Granted we came at an awkardish time but the food came out super quick regardless. I appreciated the fact that the egg was also runny so the heat from the bowl could cook the yolk and make the rice at the bottom crispy. They're very generous with their portions so I got a taste of everything in the bowl, including the meat which tasted delicious. I also had a bite of my fiances naengmyun and enjoyed the chewy texture of the noodles. The broth also wasn't overwhelmingly pungent with the vinegar taste/smell. And did I mention Song Joong Ki is on the water dispenser? Cause that's definitely a plus in my book.

CONS: I'm not sure which one it was but one of the vegetables in the bowl tasted kind of bitter. Not sure why.
Food is okay. I wouldn't really come here again unless my friends wanted to go. Looks nice on the inside and the service was good but the food was just so-so. Also the prices are kind of high for the food you're getting. Maybe I'm just judging a bit harshly because I love Korean food. I just wouldn't come here again if I was craving Korean food.
Dae Bak's pretty tasty, and fills a Korean niche sorely lacking outside of Jenkintown and 69th St.

I came here with my lady, and got the seafood pajeon, the mixed soondubu, and some pan fried goon mandu. Everything popped with that meaty, fermented chili flavor we all know and love. Also, the portions are sized for sharing (the pajeon was literally twice the size I thought it'd be, like a 13 inch pizza), so be aware. I look forward to coming back and exploring the menu a little more.

As for banchan, it was all pretty standard, but their potato salad is especially on point - and if you've never had Korean potato salad, do yourself a favor and check it out.

All that said, I like this place, but I don't know that I enjoy it more than some of the other Korean spots around town for the price. After factoring in a bottle of makgeolli with our meal, it came out to like, 70 something with tip. Not an everyday expense for me and the lady, and definitely worth the occasional trip - but yeah, somewhat steep for what we got, na mean?
I've heard good things about this place and I am a huge fan of Korean food.  Unfortunately, Dae Bak did not deliver this time.  I heard from others that it was good and perhaps we didn't order the right dishes.  We ordered the kimchi fried rice and the cold noodles.  Both were not great. 
 The kimchi fried rice had a really odd taste to it that I could not pinpoint.  And the cold noodles were just meh.  I prefer the cold noodles at Koko better.  Next time, I will try some meat dishes and see if this place lives up to its hype.
Situated on the 2nd floor of a food court area, this is a cool Korean restaurant in Chinatown. We've gotten take-out from here in the past but this was my first dine-in experience. 

As usual, we try not to over-order but are general fans of trying multiple things. As a result, we ordered too much food here! We ordered the seafood pancake as an appetizer which reminded me of bacailitos in the Puerto-Rican culture. So yummy. We also ordered fried gyozas which were delicious and fried perfectly. 

For dinner, we ordered the Galbi ribs, and spicy pork. I was so full by the time the entrees came out but could not stop picking at the pork. So freaking good. 

We also each ordered soju but would probably split one next time since we didn't realize how large they were. 

Service was attentive and friendly. Great experience at Dae Bak.
I was super excited to hear this opened. I've had some great Korean food in NJ and NY and have not gotten the same level here, at least not convenient to center city (shout out to Koreana in West Philly though). 

I tried my favorite dishes, the beef veggie rice stone pot (bulgogi dolsot bi bim bap) and soondubu (tofu stew) and really enjoyed both. They come sizzling hot to your table, and here are some tips:

-Ask for small bowls to share.
-Do not to touch the stone pots right away. 
-Stir the red sauce into the bibimbap, breaking up the egg too. 
-Scrape the rice off the bowl near the end. It's crispy and delicious.
-Order the soondubu spicy if you can handle it (it's not that bad though).
-Stir the raw egg into the soondubu immediately to cook it lightly.

Portions were pretty big. I shared these two items with one other person and we ate till we were stuffed, and still had some leftovers. I'd like to come back with a larger group so we can order and try more (I'm definitely eyeing beef spare ribs).

Lastly, I enjoyed the atmosphere. Second floor seating in Chinatown with wide, floor to ceiling windows was very nice. The service was excellent and so friendly as well.
Newly opened Korean restaurant right in Chinatown! It's on the second floor of Chinatown Square. The restaurant overlooks the streets and you can gaze down at all the people and traffic through the large glass windows which allow for an abundance of light to shine through. At first glance, everything is orderly, clean, and spacious. I had come here sometime around 1-2pm and we were seated right away. In terms of service, they come promptly when you're ready. I had ordered the spicy pork dolsot and I thought that the taste was quite excellent. The flavors blended well together, although the portion was a bit less than I would prefer. While it was a solid dish, I don't think the price is worth it. Since they don't really have any competing Korean businesses around that serve the same foods, I understand that they can up their prices more. Also, even though they had warned us that food preparation time would be a bit longer, I would also take that into consideration in terms of choosing a place to eat. Overall, it was a fairly decent experience and I would consider revisiting, especially once they've become a bit more established and figured out how to function more efficiently.
My wife and I are always looking for a good Korean restaurant in Center city and we found the spot. They have a great menu and the food hits the spot, the only downside is no table barbecue but the LA Galbi is still on point.
I agree with the masses in that CC Chinatown has been sorely lacking a place with decent Korean food. Since I could eat soondubu all day every day, I had to try Dae Bak soon after it opened! However, the food is VERY pricey and there are some minor kinks they could work out - hence, 3/5 yelps.

The facility is clean, and the staff is friendly enough, but be prepared to wait for your food. I came here in a group of 4, and it took us well over half an hour to get our food. That would have been alright, but our waiter abandoned us shortly after we were seated and was nowhere to be found even when we were ready to order. I managed to keep my hanger in check, but I was a little frustrated, because there were only 2 other parties of 2-4 people there and it was 11 am on a Sunday. Not exactly peak lunch hour.

The food itself is truly nothing special - and this is my opinion while wearing the rose-colored lenses of hunger. I enjoyed it, but I was mainly just excited to be eating Korean food again. Our table ordered a Kimchi Soondubu, Bulgogi, and Kimchi Jeyuk. For $13 each, the soondubu is pretty expensive - at most other restaurants the price is closer to $10 (for the same size!). The Bulgogi and Kimchi Jeyuk were upwards of $20 - ridiculous!! Unlike some of the other reviews, I don't think that the portion sizes at Dae Bak were particularly generous - compared to the Korean restaurants I've eaten at before, they are pretty standard. I would say that 1 order of Bulgogi or Kimchi Jeyuk is a 1-person entree, not more. Again, very steep prices, considering that I've ordered Bulgogi or Jeyuk for $10-13 at other places.

Another thing that I was bothered by was how stingy they were about rice. The Bulgogi and Jeyuk traditionally come with a side of rice, but the waiter neither offered nor remembered to bring rice when the dishes were served. When we asked, he said that a side of rice is included in the price and brought them out. This makes me think they almost hope patrons will not ask for rice. Since two of our party were sharing the Bulgogi, they asked if they could get a second bowl of rice. I don't remember the exact price quoted, but I do remember my friends saying it wasn't worth it - especially considering that the small metal bowls of rice they did bring us were meagerly filled. I just think that providing customers with a sufficient amount of rice for their dishes is such a small, easy thing to do and that they shouldn't overprice extra sides of rice - especially considering how expensive this place is!

All in all, I'm glad to know that there is a place in Chinatown I can go to if my craving for soondubu, galbi, or bulgogi is dire. However, given what I consider unreasonable prices, I definitely won't be a regular, since I don't want to be overcharged for average Korean food. Unfortunately, this means Chinatown is still lacking in the Korean cuisine category.
I was craving gamja tang and was so happy to find this on the menu. We had the gamja tang & bossam--   there was quite a bit of quantity! Taking the leftovers home. The service was also very good- all the staff are very friendly. So happy to have found a Korean restaurant in center city that has all the staples we typically find in Elkins Park area. We will be back :)
I had high expectations coming to this restaurant since it was being opened at such a trendy and predictably popular location (right above Chinatown Square - the heart of Chinatown) 

I came in and I was seated very quickly. After that, the service became increasingly lackluster. Service was slow as the staff was not extremely attentive to each table individually. They were busy so they were focused on serving whatever order was next on their list. It took a couple minutes before I was served water. After ordering, it was a good wait before my table received our side dishes. These are normally given as soon as you order. Afterward, our food came at very different timings -- this would've been fine, but my friend's rice dish was served a LOT earlier than my soondubu soup. I tried to catch the attention of a server but they were too focused/busy on their own agenda. 

The food itself was ok. I would not by any means say it's "great" Korean food or authentic, but it is doable in terms of variety in Chinatown if you're seeking out Korean cuisine. 

This place is a tad overpriced but that is expected as it is in a popular location and Korean food is nonexistent in Chinatown. High demand, high price.

Overall, the atmosphere is very enjoyable and hip. The seating is good, there's a nice vibe with TV and music provided, and the staff is friendly (despite slow). However, the food is not all that special; if you're looking for good quality Korean food then the closest recommendation (and cheaper) would be Koreana in University City or if you're willing to travel, Dubu in Cheltenham (NE Philly).
Probably won't order again. We normally eat in K-town in NYC and this just didn't compare. It wasn't bad but it wasn't good for the $112 we paid. There was plenty of food. The kim chi was not spicy at all. And I thought the $4.99 delivery fee was a bit steep but we were hungry and delivery was fast.
We ordered: 
Japchae, stir fired clear noodles with pork and vegetables, it was good
Bulgogi, Korean style marinated rib eye, it was ok; everyone ate it but I wasn't crazy about it
LA Galbi, marinated prime ribs, there were little bits of bone in it that you had to chew around. I don't know if this is normal but K-town never serves it like this
Kimchi pajeon, spicy kimchi and scallion pancake, greasy and floppy. Save yourself the heartburn and don't order/eat this
Bulgogi dolsot bibim bap, hot stone pot with chili pepper paste topped with egg, it was good
Better than fast food but at $112 I probably won't order from again
Came here on a tuesday night and there were many seats available. 

We ordered the seafood pancake and jjambong. The dishes came with large portions and were very tasty. The seafood pancake had great texture and the sauce complemented the pancake well. The jjambong noodles were nice and chewy and the soup was flavorful and spicy. Our meal came with an assortment of ban chan (tofu, kimchi, pickled radish, bean sprouts, and fried zucchini) for which you can ask for refills. 

Overall, a great place to go when you're craving korean food and I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu!
Recommend the Kimchi jeyuk and Soon tofu. 
Upstairs of Chinatown square you got a korean restaurant which I wouldn't have known about unless you purposefully went upstairs. 

Food is solid and I'd recommend, got good food and it's in Chinatown so u can check out other place along the way
The food was good and the service was okay. This restaurant is better than other Korean restaurants in Philly. As for the flavor of the food!!
There's a clear shortage of Korean restaurants in Philly. Dae Bak served best Korean food I've ever had. I ordered the mushroom stew, which was refreshingly spicy. I was also served four delicious complimentary appetizers. The staff at the restaurant were friendly and attentive which made the overall dining experience at Dae Bak even better.
Mouth-watering, authentic Korean food in a clean and trendy restaurant with a floor-to-ceiling window that overlooks the street. I can't wait to come back! I love that this restaurant was not stingy on the banchan, rice side dish, or the quantity and quality of the main dish. The prices are very reasonable (~$12 for beef soondubu and ~$10 for kimchi jjigae). I appreciated that they seated us in the order that we arrived, even though we were 2 people at a 4-person table. We also brought in some pearl milk tea we had just bought from Mr. Wish, and they didn't complain about it, which I appreciated. Great service, great food; absolutely 5 stars.

Helpful info:
- It's a small restaurant, so if you're coming in a group larger than 4, you might want to try to see if you can make a reservation
- They do take credit cards
- The restaurant is located in a building with other restaurants; you'll turn left and go up to the 2nd floor
I came here on a Saturday around 12:30pm with my friend and there was no wait. 

The banchans they serve are standard and delicious! The time I went, they served kimchi, fish cake, egg salad, some sort of root (?), and pickled cucumbers. The server was very attentive and kept checking up on us, asking us if we wanted more banchans several times (we got like 3 refills haha). 

I got the mixed soondubu (according to the server, it included a bit of everything from the soondubu menu) and my friend got the beef one. Both were very good! The meal ended up to be around $16.75 per person after tax and tips. It is on the pricier side for Korean food, but given the location and service, I would probably come back if I was craving Korean food but didn't want to eat in UCity or go up to North Philly.
This review may be a bit skewed because as a native Korean who grew up with my moms amazing cooking skills, I have more of a expectation when it comes to Korean foods at restaurants. So, take my review with a grain of salt.
The food: 6.8/10 
The menu wasn't anything particularly unique because they had various dishes. 
1. dolsot bibimbab (spicy pork & regular beef) - not bad actually, out of all the dishes this was my favorite, I don't think you can ever go wrong with dolsot so I def. reccommend!
2. Spicy kimchi pork - Although it was spicy I thought it was a bit bland however I did like how side of tofu came with it to eat it together!
3. Seafood pancake - VERY BIG! Great for appetizer to share with everyone. 
The price: 5.6/10
By looking at the prices alone it's not too excessive but, compared to how the food tasted it seemed a bit on the pricier side.
Ambiance/service: All the servers are fluent in English (not even sure if they spoke Korean) and very polite! The restaurant itself was very clean!
Decent food. Little pricey. Had ordered the vegetarian bibimbap and kimchi pancake for myself. Kimchi pancake was a little bland and oily, didnt like it much. But the bibimbap was delicious. They also give complimentary side dishes which were delicious. Service was very good, didnt had to wait a lot for the food. Overall good experience.
This was my first time here tonight after hearing really good things from the friend I went with. But I agree with her that this time around it wasn't as good. I ordered the bulgogi bibimbop and the first issue was that my egg was fully cooked. I love a runny egg on bibimbop and my was thoroughly cooked unfortunately. Otherwise the dish was just alright. It wasn't anything super special. I might be back but I'd definitely order something else just to try something else.
Place isn't bad, like the seating near the window to see the outside of Chinatown. Good wasn't bad, I really liked it. But during our checkout, we was charged for a bottle of soju that we cancel. $15 for a bottle of soju. But over all a good place.
Absolutely delicious food!  Great view of people on the street for people watching.  Had to go into strip mall to get upstairs so I was a little confused about how to get up there.  Would totally go back!
I have come here twice, and have loved absolutely everything both times. This is the Korean food that Philadelphia has been waiting for. The first time I came, I got the Naengmyeon - the broth was so flavorful and light and refreshing... absolutely perfect for a hot Philly summer day. On my last visit, I came with a group of friends, and we had the grapefruit soju (shout out to the yelper that recommended it - it's so yummy!), the vegetarian dolsot bibimbap, the spicy marinated pork, and Kimchi and scallion pancake. Everything came out quickly and was absolutely delicious. I cannot recommend this restaurant enough. PS. Shout out to unlimited banchan!
Clean and super friendly service - she even noticed when I dropped my chopsticks and brought a new pair before I could pick up the old ones from the floor. Food was good - we ordered the bibimbop and the duk mandu gook. They don't have Korean BBQ and wish they had a larger variety of the banchan but I would come again.
Went here on an afternoon with a friend so there wasn't as many people there. It was a little confusing to find it, but it's the first stairs on the left when you get into Chinatown Square. Inside, it was modern and clean, so far, so good...

I got jeyuk dolsot bibimbap (spicy pork) and my friend got the jjambong. While waiting, we had 5 banchan (pickled cucumber, potato salad, kimchi, soy sauce potato with carrot, and spicy tofu) which were ALL DELICIOUS! We were able to get "refills" but I did feel that they were a little oilier than what I expected. But on to the food, I never tried jjambong but my friend said it was pretty good; the broth had a nice seafood flavor to it and was rich and spicy, all of the seafood looked fresh and noodles were well cooked. By the way, it was a gigantic bowl and was easily 2 portions. And everything about my bibimbap was delicious, the meat and vegetables were seasoned well...but again I did feel it was a little greasier than expected. I know the prices are higher but you get a lot of yummy food. AND ALSO, the employees were all kind and attentive. :)

I'm super excited to have Dae Bak in Center City and not have to travel outside Philly for good Korean food. Very excited to come back and try more of the menu.
The staff was nice but slow service.  The food was edible but not all the dishes were on par.  The squid was good, but the short ribs "kalbi" were too tough and thick.  The pancake could be a little more crispier.  Kim chi fried rice was soggy.  Since this place is fairly new, I hope they get better.
I'm not super familiar with Korean food, but Dae Bak sure hit the spot! My friends and I came during their lunch special but only ordered the stone rice bowl and soup from the lunch special menu. We also ordered the Korean omelette, spicy rice cakes with an addition of noodles and cheese, and clear noodles. Korean omelette and spicy rice had had to be my favorites dishes out of the 5 we had ordered. The addition of cheese with our rice cakes made the dish a little more bearable with the spices that came along with the dish. The cheese pulls from the omelette was ahh-mazing. As you can tell, I looove cheese. 
      Service was very quick and the staff was very nice and accommodating since we did have trouble figuring out what we wanted to try. One of the side dishes we had received had a small hair in it, thankfully our server was very kind to bring us a new one. Overall, the experience and food was very nice. Would definitely come back to satisfy my Korean food cravings.
Finally an authentic Korean restaurant in Chinatown!! 

Will have to say that when hearing about Dae Bak people just talk about "that spot on top of the new plaza in Chinatown", I think you should know and call it by its name. When first arriving at Dae Bak I was confused about its menu, I thought it was too slick and modern to serve traditional Korean food. Metal chairs, slick lines, highly lit and just way too American. But then you sit and recognize IU on the water bottle that also advertises their soju and beer, the Korean dramas on the TVs and the flat metal chopsticks and spoon. A friendly face will bring you the menu and you're starving. 
 If you're  familiar with Korean dishes, you're set, the menu is pretty self explanatory and easy to navigate. If you're not, there's  PICTURES! And it's the best thing any restaurant can offer.
 We started with the kimchi Pajeon (kimchi pancake) it was pretty good, just a bit soggy once it got a bit cold, the flavors were intact, but wished it was a bit more spicy. My friend ordered the Sundubu, said it was fantastic.  I ordered the Galbitang ( beef short-rib soup) ,it was a cold late night and this was perfect for the weather. The broth was extremely flavorful and omg! The meat just fell of the bone and equally delicious. The Bamchan (side dishes) had to be my favorite part. Everything from the cold brócoli bites to the spicy tofu and scallions were just delightful. 
I really am happy to find a Korean spot with other things besides KBBQ, and also pretty aware of the demographic and how some "authentic" restaurants feel the need to numb down the flavors a bit, but please stop. The kimchi should be spicier and to be honest what good is a Korean restaurant without the right kimchi? 

I will definitely come again!
Came here for my anniversary dinner with the wife. Like decor and vibe. Server was really polite and informative. Plus they had the Eagles game on that's a plus for me. 
 
I don't know much about Traditional Korean dishes beside BBQ. So I went on my gut feeling and order a few dishes. Got the Bulgogi bibimbap, seafood silk tofu stew, and La Galbi. Like Korean tradition the bon chon (small app) came out before our meal. It was five or six different small app and it was good. Fried anchovies, Kim chi of course, a small salad and a few more but I can't remember. But it was great. 

Next all out food came out around the same time. I didn't want to order too much because I didn't know the size of the portion. But thank god I didn't because the portions was just right. First the bibimbap, like how they gave the chili paste on the side because I don't know how spice it is. Love mixing it myself and the seasoning was on point. The seafood silk tofu stew was piping hot and stayed hot through out the whole corse. Lightly season, could taste all the mix seafood flavors. Tofu nice and silky and the broth not too spicy just right. La Galbi (the marinated prime ribs) soy base marinate with garlic like bulgogi. Served on hot skillet. The aroma of grill meat made my wife's mouth water. The sever kindly cut the meat to small bite size. It was really tender and moist not dry or tough at all. 

Got to try the Korean beer which was light and refreshing. The wife had the Korean raspberry wine which was to me not bad. A little sweet for me but be warn it got a little kick to it. She loved it cause it's fruity. All and all it was a great experience and had a great time enjoying something new and watching my EAGLES win.
So I came here two weeks ago on a Wednesday at 11 o'clock when they were about to close. The owner was very accommodating and let me order a couple bottles of soju for me and my friends. I ordered dolsot squid bibimbap, it was spicy and delicious and my friend got bulgogi bibimbap. We also we got mandoo and they advised that they were both good. This is the closest Korean place to Philly and they also have karaoke next to their place. Which I haven't been to yet but I'm planning on going there today.
Dae Bak is daebak (big win)!

I can now save the time and toll of going either to North Philly or Cherry Hill for my Korean fix. Chinatown has seen its fair share of Korean fails, but I'm optimistic that Dae Bak is here to stay. Located on the second floor of Chinatown Square (a small plaza of eateries), Dae Bak has a sleek, modern design and a neighboring karaoke spot if you want to sing a few rounds after dinner!

The pricing may be seemingly higher for a meal, but Korean food never fails to keep you full so I was not apprehensive about paying for their tasty entrees. I order the Jjambong (spicy seafood noodle) and my friend got the Kalgooksoo (clear seafood noodle). I got my Jjambong on the spicier side (but if you can't handle spice, I'd recommend toning it down a bit) and it was delicious! My noodles came with a helping of seafood (squid, mussels, prawns, etc.) that I was surprised didn't come with that defrosted taste. After I finished my noodles, I couldn't help but drink the flavorful broth (warning: it packs lots of heat!). Oh the burn was sooo good! There is this rich, savory and spicy taste to that broth that some often complain are not distinct in Korean food. I was a happy (and sweaty...) customer! The Kalgooksoo tasted like Jjambong's non-spicy cousin. The banchan (side-dishes) were pretty standard - no standouts but they had some of my favorites (fried fish cake and potato/egg salad) and plenty of refills during the meal. Truthfully, if I could just have a meal of just banchan, I'd be satisfied!

The meal was topped off with excellent service and TVs playing my favorite Mukbang Youtuber. I love to watch other people eat almost as much as I love eating myself so it was pretty cool watching YouTube while having dinner. The waitresses were super attentive and friendly - making sure we had a comfortable dining experience and everything we needed without being intrusive! 

I'm definitely ready to come back for their soondubu and dolsot!
You don't know how happy I am that there's finally a Korean restaurant in Chinatown! There is Bonchon for Korean fried chicken and they have a few other Korean dishes but it's not the same... 

We arrived to Daebak for lunch and there was just one other table occupied. There are relatively new so it might take awhile for more people to come. It is also located on the second floor of Chinatown Square so others could miss it easily. 

My friend and I both ordered naengmyun each (cold noodle dish) with the LA Galbi to share. I haven't had naengmyun since my trip to Seoul last year so I was super excited! One disappointing thing about the naengmyun was that they ran out of mustard :(. Naengmyun is supposed to be eaten with vinegar and mustard. But they quickly whipped up another type of sauce for me to compensate. 

Even without the extra sauce, the naengmyun was still flavorful. The LA Galbi were definitely good also! The prices here are a little higher than average so that would be a slight downside for me. But overall, I loved what I had here and I will definitely be making another visit!
As far as authentic Korean food goes, this place is IT.  A wonderful array of options. I am new to Korean food and the server was very friendly and helpful with suggestions.  I had my fried order for us as she's more seasoned with Korean food. We had the steamed dumplings which were tender and with thin homemade dough. Delicate and great. We also ordered the seafood soft tofu and the short rib stew. I preferred the stew to the tofu dish although both were tasty. The short rib was wonderful and tender and flavorful and the broth was amazing. I would go back and try additional menu items for sure.
Great lunch at Dae Bak! Overall, we enjoyed the banchan (Korean side dishes), which started our meal off right: Dae Bak's kimchi is fabulous (extra spicy and a lil'sweet) and the potatoes were particularly delicious (soft and soothing for a spicy tongue!). Appetizer-wise, I adore mandu (and know what a pain it is to make!), and Dae Bak's is perfectly puffed, filled, and seasoned! For our mains, the kimchi jjigae was literally boiling hot when it got to me: filled with kimchi, pork, and tofu and served with a side of rice (I've missed Korean stews!), and the Korean fried chicken was literally an entire chicken (i.e., the price was reasonable, as we were able to take half home for dinner).

We were a little early for regular lunch time, so there was only one big table of 8, which meant we got a terrific seat right by the window--awesome people watching, and fun to see people walk by, pause, and then join us for lunch! Seems like it'd be a great place to go with a large group to share everything! Will definitely return.
Myself and the mrs identify as cat ladies so we were very anxious to try this place out since I know a bit of japanese and we know "Dae Bak" means sexy calico cat in another language!  It's meant to be!

Overall we had a very good time as they seated us by the window where we could see glimmers of people being thrown out of some laundromat bar acrosss the street, and the food was excellent. We were a bit dismayed that they didn't have traditional dishes like Peking Duck or Duck Vindaloo(a practical staple for any restaurant), but we'll still go back in hopes that they make these minor adjustments.
Love this place and the atmosphere. Management has retained a great staff along with the food being great. Would highly recommend the LA Galbi and the seafood Pacheon. Also if you enjoy drinks with your food they serve a selection of korean drinks that are great too.
They are on the 2nd floor of the food court on race street Chinatown.  Not a very big restaurant.  By the time we were there around 9pm; still have many business going on but we were seated once they cleaned up the table.  We were able to sit by the window which was very nice. 
We had ordered seafood pancake which was a big piece, taste good and crunchy on the side.  Galbi Tang was just making it right, not too salty and four big pieces Galbi.  Gemjun tang(pork neck with potato soup) is little spicy but had a lot of flavors!  Not many Korean restaurants make this dish.  They even have it served for 4-5 people in a big pot!  Korean omelette was so good and very nice presentation!  My son loves this dish.  They definitely did a good job!!!  Overall we like their food and sitting by the window is a plus.  We will be back.
I'm pretty excited about Dae Bak. Some might even say it's pretty daebak to have more Korean food closer to civilization! It's one of the only places around I can get makgeolli, has stone pots galore, and even feels like a Korean establishment in some respects when it comes to service. With all that being said, the price is a bit much for some things. 

Naturally, I treated my boyfriend to kimchi fried rice, seafood pajeon, pork soondubu, and makgeolli. My soondubu was amazing; the broth was flavorful, they used great cuts of pork, and I feel like I got an entire pack of dubu in my tiny bowl. Now, I have no idea what brand of makgeolli this stuff was, and it wasn't the best I've ever had, but since it's been almost a year I just accepted it as is. The kimchi fried rice was pretty average; not award-winning, but definitely not the worst thing ever. I was a bit annoyed at the plating of the pajeon, as every experienced person knows you absolutely NEED a heated stone plate to keep it from getting soggy. And as expected, our pajeon didn't last much past the first 10 minutes. The flavors were there, but it's hard to eat soggy pancakes. Note: I also wasn't in love with how sweet the kimchi was.

With all that being said, this visit was somewhat of a stress test; how well can Dae Bak execute classic yet sophisticated Korea dishes? I would definitely come back for my selfish Korean nostalgic needs, but for the price they still need to do a bit better to survive.
Just got galbi tang today and mool neng nyun yesterday. 

Quality is super on point these days. I remember the galbitang used to not be this good here but now its bomb. 

Would order again. Already ordered twice in two days lol.
Hands down the best Korean food I had in philly.  Authentic thick based soup.   Spicy chicken soup is the way to go and the cold wheat buck noodle soup.
I eat at Dae Bak religiously for lunch at least once a month and always order the yue kae jang,spicy. Best in Philadelphia. Sides are always killer. Great windows looking out over Race Street, and nice atmosphere. Service A+ and you get a discount if you pay cash! Highly recommend.
I came back a couple months after my first review and tried different dishes:
* kamja tang (pork bone stew) - Pretty generous portion and very flavorful, but the meat wasn't falling off the bone as easily as I would have liked. I think the meat may have been cooked a bit long? Also if you are like me and don't want to waste any meat then be prepared to do work to take apart the bone with your hands and trying to clean off the bone from different angles.
* kimchi pajeon (scallion pancake) - A little overdone for the average person, but it's how I like it! It's a pretty big size and was perfect for 6 of us to share (and some of us had seconds).

A couple of the side dishes were different from last time I came. I still really love the potato one with the brown sugar, and I also like the zucchini one and the dark bamboo-textured one (I don't actually know what it is lol) in the bottom of my pic. My friends didn't know you could ask for them to refill the side dishes...so definitely request it if you want more! I didn't really care for the spicy side dishes at all though. 

Unfortunately, a difference I noticed in the service from the last time I came was that the staff wasn't as attentive despite there being 6 of them on the floor for a dinner service. They don't have a service bell at the tables like some other Korean restaurants do, so I was trying to flag down our server and in the process would catch the attention of other servers who would have to motion for the correct server to come over...a little awkward. Overall, not bad, a little more than I would like to pay, but I love the location and still consider them to be new...I'll be back and hope to see improvements.
Wow. Wow. Wow. 

I am impressed. 

I was craving Korean food delivery and the food honestly reminded of what I would get it I was there! 

I got ddukbboki, spicy squid bowl, tangsooyook, fish roe stew and naengmyun. Every single dish was so delicious.  

Ddukboki - loved the flavors. I wish the rice cakes were bigger and longer but I was pleased by the dish

Spicy squid bowl - def could use more squid but good flavors 

Tangsooyook - loved that they packaged this dish separate of the sauce. Flavors were yummy and pork was cooked well

Fish roe stew - I could have used a deeper and spicier broth but all in all it was nostalgic and reminded me of getting it in Korea 

Naengmyun - unfortunately it was packaged on the way bottom so the noodles became over cooked halfway of eating it but the first 15 min were amazing! Good sauce, good beef and good noodles. Loved the pear and radish 

I honestly thought there was no good Korean delivery in the fort but Dae Bak is it!! Will be my go to from now on
The food was excellent. In the 3 dishes we ordered, it came with the various side dishes that were awesome as is customary in Korean cuisine. The service by our waitress and the manager was awesome.
