I'm typically really really forgiving when it comes to seemingly incompetent waitstaff - and rarely do I ever base a review on this kind of experience. However, last night at Dahlak was bizarre. A waitress I know has been working there for a long time made one of those egregious errors. Let's do maths:

Total Bill: $98
Total with 20% tip: $117
Payment: $50 on one card, $25 on another, $55 cash ($130 total)

Any reasonable and experienced waitress would have brought back change in cash - which we would've then tipped her with. But oh no, she brought ZERO dollars back, giving herself a 32% tip. Had the service been phenomenal, over-the-top, amazing, maaaybe this would've flown...but the presumptuousness aggravated the bejesus out of me! 

When my friend went to the register asking for change, she said, "well what about my tip?!" 

Are you kidding me? 

I can't say whether she's just really really lousy at math or if she fancies  herself the Rolls-Royce of servers. Either way, it sucked and ruined the otherwise satisfied feeling I would have had after such a delicious meal.
I have a fear of porous items but Dahlak is so good, that I shut my eyes really tight as I eat their injera (bread comprised of pores) and wrap it around the delectable chicken tibs and kit alicha. I'm sure surrounding diners get the wrong idea (she hates the food, she hates her friend, she's afraid of the dark), but I don't judge them for judging me. After all, I hate pores, not humans. 

The atmosphere is dark and homey (homely?). You can sit on mini-stools (read: very close to the floor) and you'll eat with your fingers. They serve beer and a bottle of Killian's always pairs nicely with their semi spicy dishes. 

In the back, you'll find a bar with a diverse array of West Philly locals. Hippie girls, savvy college students, old heads who've lived in the neighborhood for over 20 years, and in the summertime, you can sweat it out with these folks in the back patio. 

It's a win-win-win if you ask me.
I'm way overdue on this review, but I was scrolling through businesses and was reminded of a really great day last summer that included Dahlak. My husband and I spent a beautiful summer day bouncing around the city with family, then we all went our separate ways and he and I ended up at Dahlak to smoke some shisha. We'd never been to the restaurant before, so it took some directions from the friendly staff for us to find our way past the dining room to the back bar area. 

We posted up at the bar and I had a fresh juice while my husband had a beer. And some shisha, of course. There was an electronic jukebox and we quickly bonded with another couple over our music selections. It was just one of those perfect summer Sundays. 

Dahlak is closed for renovations at the moment and I'm looking forward to checking those out once we can all get out to enjoy restaurants again.
When you walk into Dahlak restaurant in University City, the powerful aroma of many spices flood your nose and breath with a tidal wave of flavor. I admit, it's like a high....... 
I came here over the late summer to grap a bite to eat. Dahlak is one of the first Ethiopian/Eritrean restaurants in the area. I asked to be seated in the rear because it was a nice summer night and they have a nice garden area that I could look out at.
I ordered a beer and I think it was African, but I don't remember the name. It was smooth and cold and that's what mattered most.
My server was so nice and pretty, I wanted to ask her to join me! Back to business, I ordered the 2 Sambussa's which is like a empanada filled with lentils and veggies and a order of Ethiopian potato salad. Both were delicious and filling, but I was still hungry so I ordered the Dahlak Mesob which is a hefty meal of chicken and lamb along with vegetables and Ethiopian bread,. Most of the foods are eaten by hand and the spongy bread is the perfect vessel for the job.
The lamb and chicken were very tender and the meal left me wanting to do the happy dance. I ended the night with a piece of honey drizzled baklava and a strong cup of Ethiopian coffee.
There was plenty going on in the room I was seated, good music, people talking and laughing, a real pleasurable place to be, I'm glad I chose Dahlak for dinner.
You know when you reach that point where you're SO SO hungry that basically anything you eat tastes absolutely amazing?

That was not the case with Dahlak. Arrived here hungry and ready to eat... but had play the waiting game. Waited to get our drinks, waited for our server to take our orders... waited for the food.... it was a neverending wait period. 

Waited and waited and waited... As one table finished their meal, another tabIe would finally received their meal. I would understand if the restaurant was crowded, but it was only 4 tables! 4!!!!!! So the whole time you're waiting, you can't help but stare at the ONE table that is eating... all annoyed and salivating. By the time my food came out, I wasn't even hungry anymore. I was beyond that point but decided to eat the food anyways. So how was the food itself? Ummm, not worth the wait that's for sure! 

Ahk, never again.
If I were to judge Dahlak on its potato salad alone, it would be five stars, all the way,  forever.  And I feel like forever should be in all caps, there.  However, I have to judge it also on its service and prices and this is where things go South.  And not in a fun Dukes-of-Hazzard way.
     Okay. I'm not supposed to say this, but it has to be said, so I'm just gonna put it out there.  It seems like anyone who expresses dissatisfaction with Dahlak gets rebuffed with the dead community leader card.  I'm not disputing that Solomon Amare was a wonderful man or that a family business needs leeway to regain its footing after its owner passes. However, it's been three years.  You can't play this card forever to cover what has devolved into, at best, mediocrity.  
      Most of the food I've tried is good.  Great?  Every now and again.  In the past, I mostly have depended on Dahlak for takeout.  I want to believe that they are cooking everything (and I mean everything- is anything prepped?) from scratch, because I have waited at least thirty minutes before I walk to the restaurant and inevitably end up waiting another 20-30 minutes while sitting in the restaurant as they continue to prepare the food I've ordered.  The restaurant itself is charming, in a dingy sort of way.  I've never decided whether the dim lighting was romantic or creepy.  But there are the fun little woven tables and the "ethnic" art.  There are also "normal" tables for the more conventional.  The last few times I've gone in during the evening, the dining room has been empty, save maybe one other table.  Why is it taking so long to make my food?
But for good food, I will wait.  Unfortunately, it has become hit and miss.  The portions seem to be shrinking.  The prices seem to be rising.  I fail to understand, even with rising global food prices, how a scoop of lentils can have such a mark-up.  And I could probably even let all of this go- the smaller portions, the overpricing, the wait, the wait, my god, the wait.  But the last few times, I get home to unpack my food and lo and behold- parts of my *&%$# order are missing.  I pay for two portions of potato salad.  I get one.  I order two sambussas.  Nowhere to be found.  Apparently, Dahlak is dealing in magic, because the food I pay them for is repeatedly involved in a disappearing act.  Of course, it's late, I'm tired, I've waited an hour to get my food and now I'm home.   I decide to "eat" the wasted dollars of my already (what I feel is, due to the portions and the wait) overpriced meal and never return.  
And it's sad.  Because I like Dahlak.  The people are nice enough (if distant).  The food can be good.  It fills out the block nicely.  I don't want to walk to 45th Street... But playing with my money is like playing with my emotions, so no more Dahlak for me.  
If nothing else good came out of this, I taught myself how to make Ethiopian potato salad. . .
Dahlak remains my first and so far, my only Eritrean food experience. For whatever reason, I haven't been to Abyssinia or the umpteen other places in town.  That's ok, I like Dahlak.  The food here is great, and quite affordable. You order a bunch of random stuff and it all comes out on a big flat basket thingy lying on top of injera bread.  It's this spongy crepe-like bread that you rip off little pieces of and scoop up bits of the main dish with.  It's delish is all. Trust me.  Don't plan on eating quickly here, as service is slow.  And I mean slow.  Especially if you're with a big party, you will wait and wait and wait. So order your drinks and get to talking, cuz your food ain't coming out in a jiffy.  

The best thing about Dahlak though, aside from the food, is the little bar out back.  Tucked behind this restaurant is the randomest little hole of a bar with a crazy jukebox, and even crazier characters. They don't have beers on draught here, it's all bottles and cans, but also cheap.  There's also a ghetto ass outdoor dining/bar area out back, so when it's nice out, you can chill with your West Philly homies and enjoy a cold brew and some Eritrean cuisine.  I like this place.  I didn't even mind when I was here one night and the owner held my coat hostage until I would play something on their piano.  Good thing I can half-ass my way around a piano. It was cold out.
My first experience eating Ethiopian cuisine can be summed up with one word...

Whatever.

I was all sorts of excited to go to this restaurant... Well, I was mostly excited just to try Ethiopian/Eritrean for the first time, so any place would have aroused similar anticipation. That said, maybe it's my fault for getting too worked up beforehand, but I was let down by this experience...

I had hoped to be sweating from the berbere, but the only reason I was sweating during our meal was because the A/C--located directly above our heads--kept sputtering but never starting. Seriously, this was one of the hottest restaurants I'd ever eaten in, which made for a lovely experience in the bathroom: Felt like a steam room, smelled like a toilet.

The food was certainly tasty but it didn't pack the punch I was expecting. For meats we ordered lamb with berbere sauce and beef with onions, peppers, and tomatoes. Both were pleasing, but both failed to wow me... I had devoted considerable energy to mentally preparing myself for that spicy lamb and, unfortunately, it wasn't spicy at all.

On the vegetable front, we picked chickpeas and lentils... The chickpeas were watery and flavorless, while the lentils were more gratifying: They had a good amount of texture and an interesting flavor.

All said, I'm glad to put a new notch on my belt after trying Ethiopian food for the first time, but I can't say it was everything it's cracked up to be. The flavors and spices at Dahlak didn't blow me away, and I expected them to... I'm not ready to write off all Ethiopian food, though. I definitely want to hit up the other joints Philly has to offer, and perhaps even return to Dahlak... You know, I hear they have a great bar in the back.
If you'll allow me to speak in plain blurb for a moment: 
Generous with the injera, but not so with the heat. What's with Dahlak of spiciness?!

Erm, sorry. They did hook us up with plenty of injera though, that was cool. 

The divey backroom bar is an inexpensive good time, and there's Summer fun to be had with that outdoor patio space. A return trip would be more so inspired by that cheap-beer-drinking scene, than memories of our recent meal there might.

Service was smiley and attentive, and though we were prepared for our food to take a long while, as these were the reports we heard tell, our food actually showed up rather speedily. We were surprised by the blandness of many of the components, piled atop the tray lined with thin, spongy injera. 

The yemisir wat, the vegetarian tibs... yebeg kay wat (lamb in spicy berbere)... Very plain. The berbere was tasty enough but very tame... All the preparations seemed to be, especially as we ordered the hot and spicy-sauced selections from the menu, and in addition requested that they be made extra extra so. That didn't happen. Sad trombone.

I ordered the Mesob Vegetarian combo, and while the portions were good, and the vegetables were fresh (except for some triflin' okra- those reviewers who described it as okra in spaghetti sauce, yup yup, accurate), it's just that they were not packed with the overall flavor, spice and heat that made me so enamored with the cuisine when I was introduced to it during my D.C. years. 

I know, I'm sorry, I just did that annoying thing where I name-dropped a region snootily as if to suggest, "That's where you get the good stuff, rubes." No, no, no... I'm just saying, there's some really good Eritrean and Ethiopian cookin going on there. My favorites so far, but I haven't been to all the jernts in West Philly or Eritrea, or Ethiopia yet. OK.

I've mentioned this before in life, repeatedly, that I wish that there were some kind of world-recognized card that could be obtained... through test or trial or whatever... that when upon flashing it, a person could be instantly taken seriously as one who is looking for, and who can handle the heat. You're not playing around, you see? You're a card-carryin' member. Think of it, you'd be like a modern day Telly Savalas, presenting that Players Club International Card, with flourish and style... except this card isn't about swingin' casino nightlife deals or whatever, and you most likely have a hairdo. This card guarantees your spice needs will be met and more, you special spicy one. Anyway, let's get to work on that.

Maybe the mention of, "Mitmita," is the answer? I asked an Ethiopian friend of mine, and he agreed that I should have ordered that too, as a condiment. Mitmita... Maybe if I had asked for some of that powdered hot chile powder and spice mixture too? Mitmita...keep that in mind... if we return to dine in that darkened room, to rest upon worn cushions around the traditional basket-like table, beneath the Corona promotional palm trees.
I went to Dahlak (named after an Archipelago off Eritrea's main land - don't ask me how I know that...) the other night after listening to Archbishop Desmond Tutu speak at St. Joseph's University.  We found parking along the street and I was stoked to see that Dahlak was actually just a couple of doors down from Fu-Wah (which I haven't made it to yet, but because of the reviews can't wait to try their tofu bahn mi).  We walked in to a very dim restaurant that was divided into three rooms.  The first room you walk into is the "Americanized" dining room, right next to this dining room is the "Eritreanized" dining area, the walk back down a hallway and that's where you will find the bar.  

We decided to sit in the "Eritreanized" room where the tables and stools were made of thick woven straw (?).  There were about seven tables or so when we sat down and considering that it was a Sunday night, I saw it as a good sign.  

There were little wooden tables that drinks are placed on next to your stool.  My boyfriend and I decided to order the Bozena (my pick...Choice lean beef simmered with chickpeas cooked with garlic and special sauce) and the Chicken Watt (my boyfriend's..Chicken in berbere sauce).  The order came on what I can best describe as a huge pizza plate with the two orders just kind of poured onto the plate.  The order of course came with the spongy like bread, kinda like the naan you would find at an Indian restaurant, but with a spongier texture that is kind of hard to pick the food/sauce up with.  

Everything was absolutely delicious!  Each one of our orders came out to about $10.50 - $11.50 each and we decided that because it was kinda spicy, we would get beers to cut the spiciness.  They had an awesome selection of beer!  I ordered a lager ($3.50) and my boyfriend ordered the Golden Monkey ($5).  

On the front cover of the menu it said that Eritrean cuisine is to be enjoyed by having others feed you.  Well, I thought that this was a grand (and romantic) idea, um, but when I saw the food, I definitely thought differently.  There was no way I could have fed my boyfriend the spongy bread with the various food/sauce inside.  Haha, it would have been a disaster with Khakis and all.  

The service was so fast!  Um, well, maybe because we were also the last customers to come in (we got there around 8:30 pm).  Anyways, the food was so great that my boyfriend and I sat in silence as we pretty much inhaled the entire dish.  It was nice to sit and relax with our beers afterwards too.  

Definitely affordable and very filling!  The bill came out to about $33.00.  

I did ask for more hot sauce though, and they gave me this paste that was very curious.  If anyone knows what the paste is, drop me a line...I can't really describe it, but would be interested to know what spices were in it.  

NOT recommended for a first date, well, unless your date knows how to have fun with food!  It may be a little confusing to people that may have never had Eritrean/Ethiopian cuisine.  The bread isn't as solid as naan, so it's hard to pick stuff up.  If your date happens to love this type of food though, it is definitely a great place to hold conversations and the lighting is quite romantic.
Dahlak: A review in haiku

Patio chillin',
Outdoors on a summer's eve,
What could be better?

I know!  Perhaps if
Your bathrooms were easy to find
And not so filthy.

Labyrinthine walls
made of mirrors confuse me
And the jukebox!: lame.

Sketchy men inside
Leer and try to grope, so I
sit out with hipsters

Under surreal lights,
A thousand conversations
And plenty to watch.  :)
last year my friends and i patronized abyssinia on cinco de mayo; random, yes, but it's how i roll. following suit, for st. patty's day this year, callan W and i fulfilled our craving for ethiopian food - and our desire to avoid green-clad drunken college kids - at dahlak.

we were seated at a traditional style table which is low to the ground with backless stools. i've yet to encounter this type of seating at any other ethio eatery in philly, tho i have elsewhere. personally, i'm a fan, but for those who don't find this all that comfortable, note that they do have regular tables & chairs as well.

veg entrees ranged in price from $9 - $12 but they offer a sampling of 3 smaller portions (served with 2 sides and injera) for $14. seemed like a deal, so we went for it, and each selected 3 different dishes so that we had a total of 6 for the sharing ($28), which came served all together on one big plate, as is typical in this cuisine. here's what we got:

- Yemisir Watt - lentils - supposed to be spicy, but wasn't. still, tasty.
- Gomen Watt - collards - also supposed to be spicy, but wasn't. still, tasty.
- Shuro Watt - supposedly chickpeas in berbere sauce, but looked and tasted more like yellow split peas? we questioned the server and were told it was in fact chickpeas, but we're still not convinced....
- Vegetarian Tibs - also supposed to be spicy, but wasn't. still, tasty.
- Beets - was my first time seeing this on an ethiopian menu. not bad, but not great, and a TINY portion
- Mushrooms - in a seasoned sauce - again, not bad, but not great.
- also on the plate were 2 small lettuce salads and a mystery side in the center that we both enjoyed. no complaints about the abundant injera!

overall, i was fairly satisfied, having finished nearly every morsel, until revisiting my review for abyssinia (http://www.yelp.com/biz/abyssinia-philadelphia#hrid:w4QKS22mR-SRYiWW9JlLVw) wherein i realized that they serve a veg platter of 6 mini dishes for under $10!! granted, dahlak lets you pick which ones you want, but still, i think better values can be found elsewhere in west philly.

would i go back? maybe. but it's not tops on my list.
Just as we finished our meal a HUGE cockroach pranced across the table.

Our server was standing right next to the table and clearly saw the roach as I jumped up and screamed "Roach!"  Our server did not say a word.  She merely gave a half smile and presented us with our bill.

I think that pretty much sums up my experience at Dahlak.
So first off, kudos for actually respecting my "no utensils" request. Half the time when I call to place a takeout order from a local restaurant I forget to say "no utensils please" but the other half the time, my request is almost always ignored. But at Dahlkak they will respect your requests, so I had to give them a star just for that!

As far as the local Ethiopian dining options, however, while I got good vibes from the service, the food was relatively unexceptional. A few items of note: the injera was probably thinner than any I've had, and had a more delicate flavor. The sambusas were REALLY good, a total vegetarian flavor party in a packet of fried dough. But the vegetarian combo entree was kind of a disappointment. Gomen wot is usually my favorite Ethiopian dish, but these greens were nothing to write home about. The spicy lentils of the yemisir wot were probably the best of the three options, a faint smoky flavor suggested paprika, but the shiro wot (pureed chickpeas) were completely bland. For the price the portion was also a lot less than I expected- it came with three sheets of injera, but relatively small scoops of the vegetables. 

I would consider coming back for a happy hour drink (if that ever becomes a thing for me again) and a sambusa, but for dinner I know to stick with my tried and true.
My 'Cheers.'  Not quite the same since Amare Solomon (the well, now ex-owner) passed away, but this place will forever live on in my heart and will always be a second home to this here Chica.  Nowhere I've ever been has such a unique blend of people or been so full of life and stories.  Sniff, sniff, sigh.  I miss you Dahlak!!!
A friend and I decided that we wanted to try something different than the usual spots in West Philly. This review is for the bar, which is in the back of the building, behind the restaurant. There's also a cozy outdoor patio outside. It was pretty full and looked cramped so we opted to sit at the bar.

The crowd is...hmm...what's the word...eclectic...

The bar itself is very...grimey...now, don't get me wrong, I am the first to appreciate divey bars. But this place takes it to a whole different level. The bartender was also kind of meh. He also looked like he was 14 years old. lol 

Anyways, I digress. My friend had a couple mediocre cocktails and I opted for some beers in bottles - it seemed to be the safest option. There was a weird hipstery drunk chick who wanted to sit next to me at the bar and try to be friends, so yah...be prepared for that. It is that kind of crowd. 

We ended up getting hungry and decided to try their version of cheesesteak. While I'm not a huge fan of cheesesteaks, I was hungry, it was $5 and again...it looked to be a fairly safe choice. It was ok...presentation-wise, it came out on a paper plate with just the sandwich sitting in the middle of it. I mean...at $5 a pop, I guess I can't complain. And it wasn't terrible. It got the job done and I didn't get sick the next day, so thumbs up to that. 

There's a jukebox playing a bunch of random songs...just like the crowd. It was an exceptionally warm day, and though they had their ac on (supposedly...I mean, we heard something clicking and clanging) we didn't feel it at all. It actually began to feel suffocating because it got so warm in there. So my friend and I finished our drinks and headed out. 

Not sure that I'd go back...
I really do prefer the ambiance of Dahlak's restaurant over the bar (at least in the winter). But it is a great spot to to take in some cool regulars and have some colorful conversations.

The bar is even better during the spring and summer time, because that's when the outdoor area really shines. it's the best place to order a drink, lounge around, and take in some beautiful weather.

I prefer Fiume just because I love the pool tables, and the Bluegrass night is one of the best things ever. I also think it has a better beer selection and tend to prefer their bartenders. But in West Philly you usually like one or the other best. But you manage to find a great time regardless.
There are certain establishments that seem so certain of one aspect of their business that they completely let other aspects slide. Dahlak falls into this category. Apparently they've won awards for their food, and I won't argue with that - the platter of vegetables and whipped beans and amazingly fluffy flatbread that my date and I enjoyed was definitely worthy of praise. 

But the fact that I was sitting on a tiny block right next to a cobweb-covered radiator with peeling paint made me wonder if there would be flakes of lead in my food. Our food platter was perched precariously on a wicker stand that was really wobbly. I get that the seating arrangements are authentic Eritrian, but my chiropractor would certainly scowl at the setup. It would have been nice to have been offered a choice between that or one of the normal tables. And it seemed like the hostess/server was rushing to get everyone out the door within 20 minutes of being served.

If you're a successful restaurant already, why not just throw us a bone with regards to cleanliness and decor?
I didn't get to eat here, I only drank at the bar in the back.  It was crowded and the bartender was a little slow.  They did have a pretty good beer selection.  The group of people I was meeting had managed to grab a table out back, which is ideal for larger groups.  Being outside was nice on a hot summer night.  It was an ok experience, I think I want to eat there though.
I must confess, I don't eat here much. But I love drinking here. This part of town is saturated with Ethiopian and Eritean joints. So I couldn't really tell which one is better foodwise. So just know if you plan on dining at either one the many West Philly Ethiopian and Eritrean spots, be prepared for slow service, filling food and an interesting experience. Look for Dahalk owner immortalized on the mural in the parking lot. 
Now the bar is another story, stocked with Yards and all the good stuff, the bar features an outside seating that makes a great happy hour spot in the summers. Great people watching too.
To set the record straight, Dahlak is an Eritrean restaurant, Eritrea being an independent country (as of 1991) just north of Ethiopia. That said, Ethiopian and Eritrean cuisines are near indecipherable to Western taste buds, given the shared history of the two countries.

So. I like this restaurant a lot, even though it's set in a dark, depressing part of town, which, fortunately, is only a few steps from a trolley stop. Some come out for the novelty of eating with their hands and sitting at low-lying tables; I come for the incredible tsebhis with their hold-nothing-back spices.

Also, I tend to judge restaurants a lot by their breads; I don't know why, but I think a great tasting, great textured bread change a meal much more than even the proteins. The injera at Dahlak dominates in that category. The wait staff will bring you as much you need (and I need a lot to scoop up all those sauces), but there is nothing like those glorious pieces at the bottom of every dish, which have been sitting there for the entire meal, sopping up all those glorious berbere-infused juices. Man can live on bread products alone, I believe (sans forks and knives). But man is better off with stuff to top it with.
Hey.  Be careful.  The roaches have no shame.  We ordered a combination platter. And as we were just getting the food and about to eat. The visitors came out to join us.  There was not one but two roaches. One went to get a drink of my water and the other decided to join the party.  And sorry but I don't share with bugs. Let em have it.
Mmmm.. delish Eritrean dining in West Philly! Nice traditional basket seating as well as standard tables and chairs. Amazing food, friendly staff, nice ambience, and a bar in back. I could have done without the mysterious fluid dripping on me on the way to the bathroom, and they really need to do something about the lack of air flow in the restaurant! Minus 1 star for those minor complaints. Otherwise, a fantastic place! I can't wait to go back when we return to visit friends!
My favorites restaurants are the ones that feel like my grandmothers recipes in my mother's kitchen. The unexpected ventures that leave you licking your finger tips trying to find more space in you stomach for food.

This was that kind of place. I had the lamb which was seasoned well. I gave it 4 stars because it wasn't as spicy as I'd hoped. There was less meat and more sauce.
Dahlak is great on 2 fronts. 

When you want a legit Ethiopian meal, this is where to go. Their injera is great. It's nice and tangy and they always serve a lot of it with the food so you're never wishing that they had given you more. The vegetarian options are all really tasty. The tibs are my favorite, but anything I've gotten has been really good.

Dahlak also has an amazing little outdoor seating area in the back with a bar. The drinks are pretty cheap and strong, and the vibe is really chill. This was my go to spot when I worked in the area. Highly recommended.
Summary: don't eat here.

We arrived as a group of 5 at 8:30 on a Friday night. 

Ambiance: Kitschy, with doily table covers that are a little gross. The seating is like grandma's garage sale.

Food: Not good. I'm not an aficionado, but I've enjoyed enough tasty Ethiopian that I was looking forward to a meal here. The okra was more like 'frozen okra thawed in Prego.' The 5 dishes we ordered were pretty tasteless. The lentils were fine, but how do you screw up plain stewed lentils?

Service: Rude. That seems strong, but it's true. Our server was perfunctory at best. She seemed annoyed when we asked for another couple of minutes to order. She brought the check before we had even finished eating (maybe she knew we didn't want to eat it?). We asked to order another round of beer, and she brought it along, but then she laid down the updated check and demanded (I am not exaggerating) that we pay immediately. When one of our party seemed put off, she explained that the restaurant closes at 10pm. Mind you this was at 9:30 (!!). So we paid, because what were we going to do? She did not bring back any change, nor did she ask whether we needed any. 10 minutes later, a guy from the bar in the back came up, turned off the lights, and pulled a screen down from the ceiling, and began changing the channels around. It seems our time was up!

This place was empty on a Friday for a reason. I can't think it's anything other than some sort of money laundering enterprise. How else could Dahlak remain open?

Lest you think I'm being unfair: we were seriously a super relaxed group. I've worked at restaurants before, including cheap ones, and I can't imagine providing a customer with this sort of experience.
As you all know, one of my mini-informal goals for this year is to eat through all the Ethiopian restaurants in Philly.  I am completely addicted!  I have eaten at Abyssinia quite a few times, and could not bring myself to go anywhere else.  I just did not believe that it was possible for there to be such heavenly food elsewhere, and was afraid to be proved right.  But for the last few seasons, I looked for opportunities to be less entrenched in my mindset.
 
     The first opportunity came when I picked up my mom from the airport.  It was around 1:30pm on a Wednesday when we found Dahlak's and parked the car, only to be shocked by the fact that the door wouldn't open.  It was closed!?!?!?!?!
 
     A friend and I met up for dinner, and he very generously agreed to try Ethiopian food.  I was stoked to get to try to hit up Dahlak again.  This was especially true since we (really I) picked Dahlak's which is probably the other "big" Ethiopian restaurant besides Abyssinia.  Upon arrival, I started sizing everything up.  The place was probably decades younger than Abyssinia, and it was decorated much more nicely.  The waiter was friendly, and the service was a few notches faster than Abyssinia.  For the first time, I sat at the traditional straw woven Ethiopian table.  The ottomans were cute.  There was mood lighting in several colors, and even a wooden floored area that could theoretically be turned into a dance floor.  

     The possibilities ran through my mind.  I felt myself starting to unwind from the day and start to just soak in the atmosphere.  After some time, our food finally came.  I deliberately ordered a variety platter with some items similar to what I usually order at Abyssinia.  Must purport with the scientific methods!  I noticed that they put my friend's order on the same plate as mine, with a stream of lentil stew running down the middle as the demarcation line.  I eagerly took my first bite.  EGADS!!!!!!  UGH!!!!  Disappointment.  The food was acceptable, but really bland.  At Abyssinia, one generally wonders how many hours the food stewed in the spices for.  The food at Dahlak's by comparison was barely seasoned on its way to the table.  

     Even the sourdough bread was less sour and flavorful than Abyssinia's.  So, what is a girl supposed to do in the face of such insurmountable disappointment?  Well, if you are me, then there is only one thing to do!  Wolf down the food, pay the check, and get the heck down the street to Abyssinia's!  Yup, I washed down my horrible disappointment with more Ethiopian food.  Mmmmm  I had 2 dinners that night.  
 
     A few related notes, the portions at Abyssinia are over 2x more, and the prices are cheaper.  Abyssinia = 11, Dahlak's = 15.  I ordered the lamb at Dahlak's and aparently there was only one piece of lamb in my order.  I say aparently because I did not eat any, however, my friend informs me that he had a piece.  Yes, I am still a little bitter.  Hahaha
I'm going to rank this one. Although the ambiance is very neat, the food is entirely  unacceptable and if you like Ethiopian food I can be no fairer to you than a ranking of "1". No flavor at all. The textures are fine, but without flavor this is just stewed meat and ground beans. They butchered the whole meal, but I was especially sad about the Mitten Shouro. 

If you want a place nearby that has much better food, but lacks in ambiance and has a limited menu, try Queen of Sheeba. If you are looking for a nice ambiance with pretty decent acceptable food try Abyssinia.
This place is an institution.   You know you've made it as a West Philadelphian when you've meet your future plumber, roofer, and priest at the bar of a humble West Philly Ethiopian restaurant.
The food here is OK. There's definitely better Ethiopian/Eritrean in the neighborhood. 

If you're looking for a good bar, though, this is a place to keep in mind. Drinks are cheap, the atmosphere is a little dive-y, and the characters are sometimes pretty entertaining. If you smoke, or just like hanging outside, there's a good sized patio. It's my go-to spot when I want to drink locally.
I had a pretty good meal at Dahlak. The service wasn't as bad as many of the other reviews indicate, but it wasn't great, & there was a guy at the next table who was incredibly loud & annoying, though that's not the fault of the restaurant. We sat outside, which was nice, though inside was a lot cuter & I feel like places with outdoor seating should work really hard to keep their patios super clean. They wiped down our table, but even my chair was kind of grody. 

The biggest disappointment, though, is the fact that their combo only has 3 options. As opposed to Almaz which has like 7 options in the combo. Also, I like Almaz' flavors better. I felt like the flavors of all 3 of my items were basically the same at Dahlak.

I'd maybe go here again if I'm in West Philly, because yay for vegan friendly, but there are many other places to try for good Ethiopian food.
So good!  Family style and way more filling than you'd expect, Eritrean food will have you leaving happily fed.  We tried the beets, vegetarian tibs (spicy!) and yedoro okra.  Was surprised that the injera was cold, but I don't eat Eritrean often enough to know if this is normal (?).   

I'm not usually one to complain about slow service, but we went on a wednesday night at 7pm, with one other party there, and it took FOREVER to place our order.  Friendly service, but sloooooow.

The bathrooms need some TLC (toilet paper, lightbulbs and cleaning)!!  

All things considered, it's quite good food.  Just bring your hand sanitizer!
The only reason that this place gets three stars is because I've been whiling away the early summer evening on their back patio for years, and the people who run it are chill. The food, eh. 
. While the food is perfectly satisfactory, they don't have a single spicy dish featured (and the spice sauce you can ask for on the side" doesn't add much kick) and they leave out my favorite dish - the green lentils with jalapeno. Also, at about $15, the vegetarian platter costs more than others in the neighborhood. I say this with love and full support of my community businesses, but with so many Ethiopian restaurants in West Philadelphia, Dhalak either needs to step-up the flavors, or lower the price of their platters.
It was somehow my first time at Dahlak, after living in the neighborhood for 5+ years, but it was worth my wait!

On a quiet Wednesday night, my partner and a friend and I shared a wonderful meal. 

We shared a variety of meats & veggies via the platter set up (meat = 1 meat + 2 sides, veggie = 3 sides). We had: Ye'Doro Tibs, Ye'Mesir Wat, Tikil Gomen, Shiro, Gomen Wat, Beets.

Everything was phenomenal, but my personal favorites were the succulent Ye'Doro Tibs and the Beets. 

Service was casual and friendly. Can't wait to return to this gem!
Still one of my favorite restaurants anywhere even though some days are better than others and there are often long waiting times (which after 30+ years of Dahlak addiction I have learned to avert to some degree by calling ahead and letting them know when I will arrive to eat) In any event the Eretrean Entrees are all yummy but there are a few standalone dishes that you must try if you eat there: 
Shrimp Alicha- is so tasty I dream about it at night- buttery, oniony, garlicky with a hint of sweet (ask for extra sauce) 
Shrimp Wat - the shrimp in berebere is also delicious and is a great contrast to the Alicha
Yeungudia Wat used to be my favorite but in recent years they have added tomato sauce- so I simply ask for berebere spice on the side to give it the kick I miss)
Tomato and Potato salad (influenced by Italian salads but with jalepeno in the raw) 
IF you like spice try the Senig Karia stuffed pepper (used to be stuffed with marinated onions but more recently stuffed with tomato as well and is delish either way) 
The spiced tea is yummy, but the coffee is mediocre (if you want amazing coffee go to Almaz cafe in town)
There are a few menu week spots, however these things have allowed me to take foreign food phobic kids here to eat, otherwise I would avoid the spaghetti. Forget about coffee, go to a coffee shop after if you need to kickstart after literally stuffing your face. But the specialties here far outweigh the weekspots so definitely indulge yourself and simply avoid whatever you don't love.
i've come here a few times, for other folks' birthdays and such. i even broke my own never-crossing-30th-street rule to do so....

the food is quite good. the injera is lovely and i kind of wish i knew how to make it. if you don't know what to get, or even what the hell eritrean-style is about, the staff is quite courteous and helpful.
Disclaimer: This was my first Ethiopian food experience, I think sriracha sauce is medium-mild spice, I don't eat meat and I'm short.

My friends and I sat on low stools (very comfy for me, less so for my taller friend) around a large bowl shaped table by the window.  We shared a vegetarian platter and indulged in spinach, lentils, okra, couscous, chick peas & vegetarian tibs (mixed veg w/ potato) with berbere sauce that was served on top of injera bread. Our injera bread on the side was warm, a little sticky, spongy, slightly sour & delicious.  

Our waitress brought the delicate bread out in small increments.  I'd like to think she was doling it out in bits to keep it fresh, but my cynical side tells me she was gently hinting that we should stop eating so much.  Either way, she was polite and attentive.  

I wish I could eat all my meals this way!  I loved the sharing aspect,  injera bread, great company & laid back atmosphere.  I only wish the berbere sauce was spicier.  In the end the meal cost us $22.50 each (tax, tip + drink included).
A former friend of mine brought me here back in early Spring. We were cruising around trying to find someplace to go for drinks. He pulled up in some random parking lot and I'm giving the side eye because I don't see a bar or restaurant. ::::Thinks to self.. Ehhh where we going buddy:::. We start walking up and I see people.. :::Sigh of relief... Looks like I won't be the next person snatched off the street on a first date::::.  There's a small sign that says Dahlak and to my delight, there's an outside patio situation in the back.  I ask the bartender if they had the Citywide Special and she kind of shrugged and said Well it's not really a special, just a shot of Jim Beam and any a domestic beer for $6..ehhh, ma'am. The "Special" I'm used to is around $3(insert plug for Bob and Barbaras here).. Anyway,  I order a Jack n Coke instead. Wasn't the greatest I've ever had but I sure as hell tasted my good old buddy Jack in there.  Went outside because we wanted to light one up.  Cigarettes that is.  Well for me anyway. The aroma of other "plants" were making their way into my nostrils lol.. 

The crowd is University City/Clark Park /Spruce Hill/insert some other gentrified name of West Philly in here /hipster ish. But not, I paid $100 for my "vintage shirt" from Urban Outfitters to look like a starving artist. More like, this is who I am and you can do two things about my wild hair, black nail polish and Vans.. Nothing and like it.  I love Dahlak. Folks are friendly but not intrusive. Easy to spark up a conversation here.  Sunday nights in the restaurant area, there's open mic and live bands from time to time. Quit reading and get there.  Courtesy of me of course.
I'm Eritrean (this is an Eritrean restaurant, not an Ethiopian one), grew up on Eritrean food. And I can tell you for a fact, this is the worst I have ever tasted. The injera is very thin. The tsebhe (red sauce) was sweet, probably because the cook put in too much onions. The lentil was mediocre at best. Decorum is nice, but honestly with bad food, who really cares how authentic the seating arrangements are. If I could give it zero stars I would. Mind you, it will probably suffice for someone who isn't Eritrean/Ethiopian, but for all you natives reading this, might as well just burn your money it will be equally as satisfying.
Fun little hole-in-the wall spot on Baltimore Avenue with solid live music and a food menu that's available late-night.
The atmosphere's low-key, the crowd is diverse and eclectic, and the beers are cheap.
The only downside is the food itself - in a neighborhood that's known for their Ethiopian food, I don't think I'd come to Dahlak for dinner with so many options nearby.
Not terrible by any means - but definitely not a stand-out spot for the West Philly neighborhood.
DISCLAIMER: this is NOT a review for Dr. Thunder Karaoke.

I REALLY wanted to love Dahlak; believe me, I did.  Many of my friends raved about their weekly Tuesday night karaoke.  While I'd been in the neighborhood for around 2 1/2 years at that point in time, I hadn't gotten around to checking it out until I heard that particular night's karaoke theme was both Disney and "Weird Al" Yankovic (both have a special place in my heart) so that made for a perfect reason to finally see what the hype was all about.  

I arrived fairly early and had some time to spare before karaoke commenced, so I figured I'd get some food and a drink while I was waiting.  I walked in and there was no one at the door to greet customers, so I was a bit disoriented.  When someone finally did come up front, they did not take it upon themselves to direct me or show any semblance of hospitality.  I managed to find my way to the bar in the back and due to the humidity, I had no desire to hang out on the patio.  I squeezed myself into a seat at the bar, ordered an Angry Orchard cider and a lamb dish off the menu.  It was very busy that night so it took my food a bit long to arrive.  By the time karaoke was about to start, I hadn't finished eating yet so I closed my tab and headed into the main area where I set my plate down on a table before going to select my songs.  Unfortunately, when I returned to the table, my plate was gone and I did not want to make a fuss about it.  At the very least, the bar service was decent and karaoke was enjoyable.     As far as the overall atmosphere, the decor, while authentically Ethiopian, seemed a bit worn out, and the bathroom was small and cramped but clean enough.  

The moral of this experience? I'll go anywhere else Dr. Thunder does karaoke, but I won't be returning to Dahlak.
I've been to Dahlak a couple of times, including last night. It was pretty dead but it was a Thursday night. 

Quality of food- My bf and I split the Dahlak Mesob with lamb and vegetables. The lamb was good but not the best lamb I ever had. I was more impressed by the veggies than I was by the meat. For veggies, we had lentils, spinach, beets and they also tossed in collard greens with potatoes. We asked for the spiciest available and although the food was all very tasty, none of it was as spicy as I would have liked. The food is eaten by picking it up with Injera (flat Ethiopian bread) which is a lot of fun instead of utensils- it can get messy so it may not be the best choice for a first date.

Ambiance- It's nice that they have American style tables and chairs and also the shorter tables with stools available. Food is served on one large plate so it is great if you like to share your dish with others at your table. The place is pretty basic with African art work. The bathrooms need some work. Toilet paper was sitting on the floor and there was little water pressure in the sink. The music coming from the bar in the back was a litter louder than I would expect.

Service- It was as expected, good but nothing phenomenal.

Price- Prices are reasonable, about $9 to $11 for an entree or for $14-$15 you can get smaller portions of about 3 different entrees.

This is the only Ethiopian restaurant that I have been to so I don't have anything else to compare it to. Overall, the food is very tasty and it is reasonably priced.
I've actually never eaten here. I usually come for the very cool Friday jam sessions and live music. I love how diverse the crowd is. The bar recently expanded the hall passage way from the front to the back end of the bar which is a BIG DEAL if you hang here frequently. The bar can be notoriously slow but it's a small bar. Maybe one day I will try the food but for now this is definitely my Friday or Saturday night pre party or after party chill spot.
A crowd of rough-looking travelers are milling about on Baltimore Avenue, a little frantically, having just been disgorged from Dahlak. A favorite of unfussy locals and petty criminals, the back patio has the ambiance of a Brussels hostel far from the city center.

"Is the bar still open?" one of the travelers asks against all odds. It's half past two. 

I ask a lanky blonde boy with a large pack where he's traveling to. He shifts the pack uncomfortably. "Here," he says. 

My friend and I return to our conversation. 

We watch with mild interest as the travelers bounce forced cheer off of each other, trying to get something going. Their night is far from over.

"Where are you coming from?" my friend asks the traveler, trying a different tack. After a beat, he says: "Jail. The hospital. New Jersey."

Three lines, very succinct. Could be a poet. My friend and I exchange nods, satisfied.

"Not in that order," he adds, before vanishing.
This place used to be my go to when I lived in West Philly. Not only is their Ethiopian food great but their dive bar in the back is the place to be! It brings in all walks of life. They're hookah is spot on and drinks at a price ya can't complain about. Wishing they'd go ahead and spruce up the place. It needs a nice remodel and/or cleaning spree. Their patio in the back has seating for larger groups! Bring ya friends and some games and have y'all selves a good time!
While I cannot speak on the restaurant in the front, the dive bar around the back is what my dreams are made of.

The beer is pretty cheap, and sold exclusively in bottles.  They sell Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA for $5 (hellooooo!!), and overall have a pretty nice selection.  The modest decor has not been updated in decades, and it appears neither have the daytime drunks stationed at the bar.  The back patio is comfortable and laid back, especially if you like sitting on chairs that have been ripped out of some old high school.  Entertainment comes in the form of an internet jukebox and SEVERAL televisions.  No frills here y'all.  Just a straight up drinkers bar.
Finally Best Ethiopian/Eritrean food I've ever had alongside great customer service. As a foodie I've had my far share and I'll definitely be back for more delicious eats. I even found it to be a great chill spot when I just want a drink or more in the evenings. Their events are everything.
A friend took me here a few months ago and it was late but after we  passed all these shady people we walked up to this place and it looked dark and closed like nobody was in it.  We walked down this long hallway into the back of the bar and they had a sneaky bar in the back with jukebox and patio. I didn't eat there so I can't say about the food but the bar was pretty cool.
I admit that I know nothing about Ethiopian food.  But after dinner out here last night with the BF and two of our closest friends, I will make it a point to get to know the cuisine better.  Dahlak, in particular, was a great place to begin my foray into Ethiopian cuisine.  The laid back atmosphere, cheap beers, and delicious food helped a lot.

We started on the back patio where we sipped on inexpensive craft brews, underneath string lights and a cool breeze passing through.  Everyone here was just hanging out and shooting the breeze.  For food, I ordered the Dahlak Tibs; diced marinated beef and veggies simmered in an Ethiopian stew and served spicy.  When the food first came out, I was overwhelmed and didn't know where to start, but taking the cues of my experienced company, I took the Injera served alongside the meat and just piled it high with the Tibs.  Spicy, savory, and incredibly delicious, I couldn't stop eating it up.  Definitely some of the best ethnic food I've had in a long time, and a welcome change from familiar Indian fare.

We later moved inside where the atmosphere was a little more seedy, but at this point, we were done with dinner and just continued to drink cheap beer with the locals.  Still, I really enjoyed the laid back atmosphere and the low-key attitude of the diners and servers.  It's a great neighborhood joint and I hope to come back and try more of the menu.

Other tips: definitely sit on the back patio if you can, and if you come around the back, order all your food and drink at the bar.  The female bartender couldn't have been more helpful or nice either.
Food was pretty close to bad/mediocre here for several reasons.  Bread was cold; the 4 dishes we ordered were all over-saucy and not very refined (unlike better Ethiopian/Eritrean places); the ambiance was "dirty",
I went here about a year ago but just recently joined Yelp, so I'm writing the review now.  

I'd been looking forward to dining here after this was recommended by a friend.  Unfortunately, the food was bland & lacked all the spicy flavours I love about Ethiopian cuisine.  One dish tasted like the (tomato) sauce came from a can.  Hugely disappointing.
I went to Dahlak for dinner at around 5:30 pm on Friday... very un-crowded. The "Eritrean-style" dining room was nice to sit in and the atmosphere was relaxed. My friend and I got a lentil dish and chickpea dish... my chickpeas were this kind of bland paste that wasn't all that good, but my friend's lentils were much better. The bread was good, it was spongy and kind of sourdough-y. Our waitress was friendly and serviceable.

A good, cheap, casual dinner spot, although next time I'd like to try a meat dish.
I'm much more partial to Dahlak's bar than Fiume - more room to actually move, cozy seats, and best of all, the awesome outdoor patio in warmer months.

If you live in the neighborhood (and in my case, also work in the neighborhood), it's likely you'll run into people you know, or the crazy old guy rambling at the end of the bar.  It's not necessarily a bar worth traveling to if you live elsewhere, but it's a great place to stop in after eating at the restaurant, a nightcap, or general hanging out.  A perfect West Philly bar, indeed.
I got this craving for Ethiopian food late on a Friday night. We googled ethiopian restautants in the area and found Dhalak. Although it is an Eritrean joint, the food was extremely similar to Ethiopian. I could not tell the difference but I am sure there is.

It was quite late and we were probably the last people to arrive, the service was slightly slow but we were treated nicely and the food was excellent. 

I ordered the yedoro wat and my wife ordered the yedoro tibs. Excellent choices in my mind, I will definitely go back for more.
Love this food but it doesn't love me! They opened another one on Germantown Ave that also has Indian food. 
My fav is the Yebeg Key Watt Succulent lamb meat cooked in berbere sauce. I'll just take a charcoal pill before I go.. :)
I have eaten here on several occasions. The food is always good, no matter the time. They always have something fun going on: karaoke, dj playing music or just a something lively. I love this place. It's chill if you want to relax or if you want to be a little more exciting, you can go to the back patio area. I highly recommend this place, no matter the time of day or night.
Ah Dahlak,

Good food. Actually its pretty great. It's a great place to take an out-of-towner especially if they haven't had Ethiopian before. I've never had to know what I want, and I've always gotten delicious food. Just tell the server you want a platter with some of the good stuff on it and seriously she'll bring out a big ol' platter for you and your peoples to enjoy. 

The Bar kind of sucks. I like it okay in the summer, but in the winter I'd rather drink elsewhere. The crowd at the bar isn't the friendliest if you're not a regular and there is often this woman in there who gets really plowed and is loud and unruly. I've stopped going to the bar unless its summer. Some of my favorite memories are sitting out back, drinking cheap beer, and snacking on some appetizers. 

The dinning area is quaint and I really like it. The bar area is a bit trarshed the way a dive bar should be, and the back yard could use an upgrade, but hey, that would change the ol' beater bar dynamic. 

3 stars for food
3.5 stars for summer ambiance
2 stars for the back bar
I'll throw another star at the servers and bar tenders, they are always really nice.

3 stars over all. And I'm still bringing my out-of-towners because I think everyone needs to try the food. Its fun.
I love Dahlak. I go for the night life so can't speak to the food but it is such a vibe. At night, you walk in through the back. There's a gated in patio area that's guaranteed to always be full. You walk inside to the bar area and there's such an extensive bar! In this area there's a jukebox so you can pick your own music. 
As you walk down the mirrored hallway there's a bathroom which always has uplifting messages on the wall (in my opinion, people just come in with a sharpie and write). In the back which I guess is the front/restaurant during the day you may be greeted with live music/open bar or a dj. Either way it's sure to be a good time. There are plenty of tables back here if you can't find a seat in the bar area. 
I enjoy coming to Dahlak, the drinks are well priced the hookah is well priced.
Seems like i ate here 50 yrs ago even though I'm not that old. There's been no upgrade, it just looks uncared for in there like it did back when. Had the asa in berbere sauce which tasted like expired cat food from a rusty tin can. The mushy, bland samosa should have been a warning of horrible tasting food to come. Immediately asked for check and expressed dissatisfaction, to which she said, "I can't do anything about the food, but I didn't charge for the juice". Well my juice was fine! Decided to give to homeless and as if on cue, there was a homeless gentleman outside who begged for $ for food as I exited. I handed him the food. Walking away, I almost thought I saw him reluctantly pass the fish dish off  to a stray cat.
Real horrible food and service dahlaks, real poor.  Forgive me Gojjo, I'll be back for my usual fish tibs...pls don't disappoint, or I'll have to write you up too.
The food was good, the Chicken fell off the bone, the mixed vegetable dish was great especially to eat with the hands, the cous cous was however dry and therefore a pain to eat with the hands, I ate very little of it as a result.  I will probably order 2 meat sections and one vegetable next time.

The bar however is great.  Though a bit crowded if you are stuck inside on a rainy night.  The bartenders are smiley and nice, even going so far as to having an honest conversation with you, something that seems often a lost art.  The jukebox is great, and seems to default to reggae after everyone else plays their songs, which is fantastic.  The patio is spacious and seems to alway have a few local dogs around drinking out of their own water bowls.

CASH only.
Went here for my second time last week.  The first time I went the food was absolutely amazing.  I went with my friend who was pretty familiar with Ethiopian food and made awesome recommendations.  The second time I went I was the only one who had any experience in eating Ethiopian cuisine and the food was not a good, but good none the less.  The salads were delicious both the tomatoe, potatoe and house salad were all great and full of yummy flavor.  The entrees while they were good, they were a let down after enjoying such delicious salads before hand.  I dont remember the the names specifically of the dished but I had a chicken garlic and spinach dish.  They should have called it a spinach dish accented with chicken because that was mostly what it was.  Good, but way too much spinach.  The same went for my friend, she ordered a spicy shrimp dish with a red sauce but the dish was mostly red sauce sprinkled with a few shrimp. 

All in all I would recommend this place especially any of their vegetarian entrees.  Try to go with someone who knows the menu a little bit or be prepared for a little trial and error.

Great place for groups of friends to eat and share food together.
I never had Ethiopian food but it's been on my list for a LONNNGGG while to try. Well it was a lovely day, I had no plans so I figured why not leave my house and go get a meal 40mins away? why not?

Got here and I thought the sign outside would be flashier but it wasn't. Went into and it was pretty darn empty. I hate that. I mean there were total of 3 grps patrons inside (one was leaving/paying their bill). 

I was by myself so I decided to seat by the window and enjoy the view of those walking by. It was going well until 3 flies decided to make themselves my company. I don't know about you but I HATE flies. I mean HATE THEM!!!!

I moved my table and I think one followed me. The waitress came to take my order and I was in the mood for lamb but apparently they only had TWO of the lamb selections handy that night.

I ordered the small pastry like appetizer that was stuffed with potatoes and spices (like a samosa). 

You see I hate to see an empty restaurant on night when they should be busy (weekend night) because it just SCREAMS the food will not be fresh. 

So ofcourse my appetizer arrived FRESH outta the MICROWAVE! You know how fried pastry has a crispy crust? U know how when u try to microwave the same pastry later on, the crust is now soft/soggy..not crispy? Well that's what I got. ARGH I was sorta mad. I mean seriously? Seriously? ARGH WA'eva dude!

So I got my meal and I already made up my mind that it was also microwaved. With 4 customers in store I DOUBT the stove was lit for anyone. The lamb dish i got was tasty and even though it may have been microwaved, it had the luck of not tasty that way too much. 

I couldn't finish the meal because I don't know...I just wanted to get outta there. My fly company was annoying me and since he/she wasn't paying for the meal it was trying to enjoy, I figure I best go eat alone at home. SO I took my leftovers home.

I'm actually gonna eat the leftovers now...maybe it'll be more appealing without a fly in my face. 

The decor was also disappointing. On the website, the place looked so bright but when I got there it was just dingy and dark. 
Damn flies!
I haven't really tried their food, but I love meeting friends at Dahlak for a drink. It's a great hang out place, especially outside in the back,  and I've had a great time every single time I've gone. The waitstaff is incredibly nice, and the drink prices are reasonable. And I have to agree that you get a nice mix of West Philly people there. 

I can't really comment on the food because I've only had the samosas, which were good, but kind of lukewarm. One of these says, I plan to eat there, but in the meantime, I'm having a blast hanging out there on any given nice summer night.
When some friends suggested that we go eat Ethiopian food, I presumed this meant we would be eating sand and sun-bleached animal bones.  While the food here was okay, the bathroom was a completely different story.  I took one look into the women's bathroom ("oh sorry, the men's bathroom is closed, but you can use the women's") and conceded that I would probably be leaving with at least 2-3 types of communicable diseases (dengue fever and scabies came to mind).

Bring your own hand sanitizer and encourage everyone in your party to use it.  I'll gladly accept your taunts that I'm a germ phobe, but I'll be the one laughing when you unknowingly contract legionellosis from the guy who you didn't know well because he was your friend's friend.
The worst.... if I can get it a negative stars I would... can't tell u if the food was good.. because after an hour of waiting we never got it.... then the waitress tells us that they changed staff at 10... so our order was in before 10... it's 11 and still no food... a waste of time energy... but the people outside was eating good...
Everybody in West Philly has their favorite Ethiopian/Eritrean place. Some claim Absynnia, some are partisans of the newer Gojo. But for me, the first place I went to (and only the second Ethiopian/Eritrean place at all) is still the best. I think the food edges out its competitors, the dining area and service is the best. But the real draw for me is the bar in the back, with a good mixed crowd (and formerly a good traditional jukebox), cheap drinks and once you're done boozing it up with the carpenter, the union organizer, the artist, the militant lesbian, the hood rat, the drunken biker trying to start a fight, the student, the professor, the crazy old man, the seasoned expat, and the immigrant fresh off the boat (or, more likely, plane) all sitting at the bar, delicious food. Yuppies, please know your place and dine in the front.
Good Eritrean/Ethiopian food.  There's a bar in the back, and sometimes there is live music.
I love going to this place for reggae night! Dj Tsiga is my favorite! He really knows his music and how to get good vybz going! 
The food looks amazing here even tho I haven't tried it yet! Unique Ethiopian dishes smell and look deelish! 

I also like that they have a dance floor near the dj and a separate place to sit down and eat and another room for the bar and other music being played. So anyone can have a good time here. Also the drinks are yummy and great prices! Love this place definitely a one of a kind s
Skip the restaurant.  The bar is alright.  They used to have pitchers but now they don't.  The outside seating is nice when it is warm outside.  

The food should be skipped entirely.  VERY overpriced for the portion size and the quality is poor.  There are 2 other ethiopian restaurants within a mile that are the same price for twice the portion size and better food.  They seem to be more concerned with profit than making a decent meal. 

An okay bar with an okay beer selection.
http://www.yelp.com/events/philadelphia-dahlak-paint-party

Paint Party in the rear patio of Dahlak Paradise Ethiopian Restaurant & Bar 4708 Baltimore Ave. Phila., PA 19143 Wednesday, August 12th from 6pm-8pm. Sign-up includes happy hour drink specials, 20% off your meal, acrylic paints, step by step instructions from two professional artists, and a 12" canvas for you to take home. If it rains we'll host the party inside. There are a limited number to table easels available. Please RSVP early and arrive time. Purchase tickets at: http://nilelivingston.com/dahlakpaintparty
I'm amazed to see reviews complaining that the food here is tasteless.  I've never had a bad meal.  I'm a vegetarian so I can't speak to the meat dishes.  Just polished off a vegetarian combo of spicy lentils, kale and spicy okra.  Great seasoning and a fair amount of heat.  Delish!
Until yesterday, I had no idea Dahlak housed a bar with outdoor seating. I've gone before, and was impressed with extremely tasty Ethiopian dishes and home-like atmosphere. I was caught unaware, however, that nightlife existed. This is a perfect place to catch a beer after work or school or meet friends for a relaxed evening. The city needs more bars/restaurants such as this. I was also lucky enough to catch a jam session with very talented artists. I wouldn't expect quick service at the bar, but relax-- stay awhile!
used to go here alot in my single days,  one of my best friends uncle owns the joint and of course he is Eritrean.  So he introduced me to kitfoh and all its finger eating glory.  Amazing food, and interesting crowd.  

good beer list.

looses star for smelly hipsters
Not good at all. Went there and got the veggie combo platter. One of the dishes was a spinach dish that literally tasted like frozen chopped spinach.... No sauce or flavor just literally a mouthful of frozen chopped spinach that was lukewarm. The other veggies didn't taste fresh and the "mild" sauce was spicy.  The injera bread was the worst I've ever had. Save your money and go somewhere else.
Dahlak is an extremely cool place and it has a lot going on. On any given night you can run into a family eating good Ethiopian fare, you can catch live improve electronic jazz or karaoke, or see college kids darling beer in the back garden area. While all of these things appeal to me (the food especially), I like Dahlak as a great stop on my way to Dock Street brewing company. This place is a must try when in West Philly to get away from the typical frat boy bars that occupy most of West Philly.
Dahlak is a neighborhood classic in the University City area. A great place.
The reviews for Dahlak had been really good, so my wife and I had pretty high expectations but we weren't disappointed at all! The ambience is really nice, with Eritrean-style seating on little stools around the table, and the food is delicious. We had a Sambussa to begin with, which tastes exactly like Indian samosas. Then we got adventurous and tried a jalapeno stuffed with tomatoes (can't recall its name) which was super-spicy even by our standards, so beware! For the entrees, we had a shrimp with berber sauce and tilapia with berber sauce, both served with injera of course. The shrimp was excellent!

The service is also very good: our waitress was friendly and the food arrived pretty quickly too. They also have a well-stocked bar with very affordable drinks.

Definitely one of the best restaurants around this area!
For my first time eating Ethiopian food, I found this experience very enjoyable.  

We ordered two combo platters so we could try a little bit of everything.  It was much more food than two people needed, but perfect for a first time visit.  The prices are incredibly reasonable too.

The staff is very helpful and the food was great.  Full bar available, but no Ethiopian beverage choices.

Come early, this place gets packed.
Hands on the floor, the best bar in West Phila. 

This bar is a church, and its where i go when i need to pray. 

Though, if you don't live in walking distance, just stop reading. You don't want to come here, and you'll only get angry when you show up.  If you live in west philly and you've been here, you know what im talking about. 

So, bascially this is an insiders reveiw for anyone living in west philly who doesnt know about the bar - or - someone planning on moving here. 

The inside of the place is pretty tight, and when its packed, you feel it.
The outside is basically just a bunch of patio furniture strewn about this way and that. 
They're always out of they're good beer, and the bartenders can't hook you up with booze because they use an ez-bar system that pours out exact drinks mL wise. 
Also, half the older regulars are half crazy, and if you get locked into a conversation with them your nights over.   

After you go a few times, you'll start to get it... need it. Its the kinda place that makes you happy to live where you live.
Still one of my favorite places. I'm not sure the quality of the food is as high as it was before, but the preparation is still great! Good times and friendly people.
Dahlak is a great neighborhood dive bar serving cheap, strong drinks and Ethiopian food.  It's a very low-key, no-frills kind of place - the very opposite of pretentious. It tends to a attract a diverse young crowd of artsy people all looking to get drunk and have a good time.
I love going to pubs in the neighborhood. Dahlak recently made the list of one such pub that I really like. You have to walk round to the back of the restaurant. The decor is dated and the service is painfully slow but the crowd is what makes it great. And it's your usual west philly mix of everyone dancing to whatever is on the juke box. I guess I can't explain why I like it here so much, you just have to go to see what it is. 

PS: I haven't eaten here. Didn't get round to it because the service was just so slow that i left.
I'd never had Ethiopian or Eritrean food before. Shared the veggie combo for two with two friends - spinach, mushrooms, and lentils - and a lamb dish with another. I enjoyed it, especially the fluffy inerja flatbread, but felt surely the dishes were supposed to have a little more flavor? Surely the veggie servings could have been a bit less skimpy? The mushrooms and meat definitely could have been cooked to slightly more luscious textures. They were also out of two of the beers we ordered off of their drink menu, which was a bit disappointing, so we stuck to the basics after that. 

Overall, though, we enjoyed ourselves. The ambiance was nice, both inside and out. We were seated on the patio, which was full of grungy West Philly hipsters that I enjoyed covertly people-watching and which complimented the slight grunge of the patio. The service was pretty quick and after I almost immediately drained my first glass of water, the server brought us a pitcher without even asking so we never ran out again. I'd be happy to go again and try some other dishes.
For good bar fun, go to Dhalak. I love this place. Food is ok, not the best, but it's a great community bar when you just want to chill, smoke hookah and get wasted with friends.
Living in West Philly for well over a year I was ashamed that I hadn't been to Dahlak yet to eat. Most people rave about how great the food is and how much they love the bar area. 

I went here with pretty high expectations since I've had delicious northern African food before (ethiopian/eritrean/egyptian, etc.) I was a little disappointed. 

While the food was OK I wasn't blown away. I appreciated that it was kept in tradition style- sittin low to the ground and no silverware- however, I would've liked a wet towel to clean my hands before eating. 

The prices for our meals ranged from $10-12 so it wasn't terribly expensive but the portions were kind of small. 

My favorite part was the Sumbussa (similar to samosa) for an appetizer.

I will surely come back but this time I think I'll hang out at the bar and order some food from there rather than the dining area.
Great Ethiopian food and the outside sitting area is great vibes. Plus they have hookah
I met my friend here for her birthday with a few friends. We were seated by 9:20pm, our order didn't get taken until 9:35ish and by 10:25 we still hadn't gotten our food. The place wasn't crowded when we got there and was semi-empty. I got a salad but it was DRIPPING in dressing so much that the lettuce was soggy and gross. I left early cause I had a schedule to keep and my friends asked for their food boxed up and they STILL didn't get their food until 10:50pm. They received a bit of attitude as they got their food and still had to pay for everything! Even after I had left!
My friend and I have decided never to go back there as the service was so bad. I have never walked out of a restaurant until now but there is no reason a meal should take longer than 30 minutes AT THE LATEST.
This was my first time for ethiopian food, and I will absolutely be back.  There are some things that I would have done a bit differently that I'll have to attempt in my next visit.  

Dinner was pretty great. I ordered the stewed lamb with cabbage and spinach.  The lamb tasted very good and had a delicious spice to it, but I don't think that I would order it again.  I think that I would have prefered to have something that was a bit more dry rather than stewed (the sauce kind of over powered the other flavors on the plate).  The cabbage was terrific, but I did not really like the spinach, it had a lemon flavor to it that I didn't enjoy.  

We went to the tiny dive bar in the back of the restaurant after dinner.  It wasn't bad, nothing too special about it either.  But it did have cheap drinks, interesting people, and friendly service even though it was packed to capacity.
Great atmosphere and bar. Awesome poetry events.
Best place to come eat late at night. Authentic food and the staff was great. They accommodate service dogs and groups. It's a dark environment after 10, but I like it because mood lighting! It makes a great place for a date. Only bring kids in the daytime. Also Injera is the best invention. Who needs a fork?! Very conveniently located to neighborhoods and hotels both and very worth trying at least once. Ethiopian food is my all time fav so we will come here for my birthday every year.  The food is savory and I can never get enough even though I'm so full!
Came here with a party of six. We ordered ourselves a satisfying Ethiopian feast, consisting of Beef Tibs, Vegetarian Plate, Achila (Lamb Stew), and Chicken Stew. 

Everything was delightful. My personal favorites were the Achila and the Beef Tids. Both stews were flavorful and the meat was cooked until tender. I specifically found the Beef Tids to be milky in flavor, a good and delicious surprise.

Dahlak has a cozy space for meals with family and friends. The place also have a dive bar with cool design at the back. With its friendly service and heartwarming food, Dahlak is a solid place for a good time.
I have eaten at both locations of Dahlak restaurant since moving from Chicago 5 years ago. I still believe this is Philadelphia's best Ethiopian restaurant. 
 Although I like the Germantown location, the University City location is cozier and has a nice ambience to it. I love all the African artwork and artifacts around the restaurant.

My friend and I arrived for an early dinner on Saturday Night and were seated immediately. We both ordered Meat Platter which is a GREAT deal for $14. My friend also got the Sambussa for an appetizer. Our meal tasted divine. If you run out of Injera bread, our waitress gladly brings a couple more pieces. 

This place gets crowded, so, my advice is go earlier.
Finally tried Dahlak! Got delivery on a cold night, and while I usually don't think reviews about delivery items are as good, my dish came warm and with lots of meat and veggies, so no problems there. 

Yebeg (lamb) was so tender, so delicious. They didn't make it clear that sides come with the orders of meat, but some pretty average yellow lentils and okra came on the side. The dahlak tibs were forgettable, except they were so over salted that I had to mix them together with the side veggies and some potatoes to even out the salt level. Veggies were good. Cabbage and potatoes came in a big portion. Wondering if that was an accident or if they're always so salty. Injera is not very sour at all, but very soft and still a fun flavor. The berbere dishes smelled like they were more BBQ flavor than ethiopian, so Iv think they add some spices I've not usually had at other ethiopian places, but eating everything together, it worked. Separately, the flavors weren't really melding together.
Love the ribs, cheap drinks, love it alllll

I go to the jazz nights and the karaoke nights, all fun stuff and the owner is super sweet
Perspective from a tipsyfirst timer at Dahlak. So my gf raved about this place atmosphere wise;live music, trap and whatnot so heck yeah, I was hooked! anyways, got here 10ish after few drinks at Louie Louie. We (8ppl) sat at the very entrance wen you walked in. Took about 30-45mins for our food to arrive. I was tipsy, wasn't expecting the food to be top notch, and it didn't surpassed my expectations. I ordered fish, white rice, and Sambusa. Fish comes broken into pieces in a sauce. It was okay, seasoned a bit. The service was okay in the beginning, then went downhill from there where we had to request waters, then utensils, then 2 people foods were lukewarm so yeah. It's definitely a late night after drinking food kinda place for now, until I experience it daytime, better service, and hot food. There's hookah as well. The crowd is definitely mixed, a bit of everything
The food here is okay but there's better available nearby. The dining area is a little too dark for me, but overall comfortable. The bar area is ok when not crowded, but can get pretty tight during peak times. The beers are pretty basic, nothing exciting. The best part of Dahlak in my opinion is the outdoor space. Super chill. Actually, a pretty chill place overall, which is enough to make up for much of its mediocrity.
The injera was as thin as paper and wasn't the normal color of injera. It makes me wonder if they even use teff flour, it tastes like it's made with all purpose flour and tasted old.

The combo dish was $18 but was in total less than a cup of food. 

The shiro was bland, the gomen alright but the yemisir wat was really good.

Overall, not worth it for the price at all, and was the most disappointing experience I've ever had at an Ethiopian restaurant -- and Ethiopian food is my favorite cuisine
We got two delivery meals from this place and it was extremely disappointing. Possibly the worst Ethiopian I've ever had. First and worst, the portions were criminal. Each plate was nearly $20 and there was barely enough food to finish one piece of injera. They were child-sized portions. The lentils appeared to have been mixed in a blender. All of the dishes were bland and flavorless. Did the restaurant run out of seasoning and spices? This food is made for people who've never tasted Ethiopian food or who've lost their sense of taste altogether. Will not eat here again.
Interesting little spot for Ethiopian food.  We ate outdoors in the backyard.   Very laid back an comfortable.  You had to go in and place your order at the bar, but that wasn't bad.  Had the veggie combo plate, which filled us up.
