We are not fans of places that advertise multiple ethnic cuisines under one roof. These "Chinese/Japanese/Thai/Vietnamese/Malaysian" eateries with expansive menus are akin to an individual who is a jack of all trades but master of none. But........every once in a while we come across a joint that proves all our preconceived notions wrong. Daleng is a prime example of such a restaurant in Philadelphia.

We walked in sans expectations for dinner with our family and were blown away by how legit each dish tasted (despite the diversity in the menu offerings). The summer rolls tasted as good as a Vietnamese place. The Tom Yum Fried Rice could easily beat some of versions that we've had at Thai places. The Tang Tang Chicken and the Pan Roasted Chicken Thighs were delectable. The Eggplant & Veggie Curry was extremely flavorful and easily the star of the evening. The Singapore Mei Fun had a rustic home-style curry flavor. We barely had any left overs at the end of the day.

On our way out, we asked curiously on how they managed to get all the flavors spot on and we were told that the chef was born in Cambodia, raised in Vietnam and has traveled through south-east Asia. A gifted individual, she has mastered a wide array of south-east Asian dishes and prepares home-style renditions. The seating arrangement is functional and limited so it can be a challenge accommodating very large groups in a cozy space. We eagerly look forward to our next visit.
Daleng is a much needed spot in the neighborhood. I decided to give this place a try on a Thursday night, feeling too lazy to cook, and I am so glad that I did. They advertise themselves as a South Asian restaurant - serving an infusion of Thai, Vietnamese and Cambodian cuisines. The place is small but has plenty of seating and smells heavenly upon entering.  

The food here is delicious. Everything taste so fresh and flavorful. I tried the Cambodian Beef Kroueung Stir-fry. The flavors were so developed and complex - just the right amount of spicy, yet still savory and strong notes of lemongrass. 

The portion sizes are generous, and the prices are very reasonable. The staff is super friendly too, and are very accommodating of food allergies, which is a huge plus.  I look forward to returning for a second visit.
Banh Mi.
Yup that's the first word that pops in my head when I think of Daleng. Sure they serve other types of tasty food, but that sandwich...is pretty good.
Its not the biggest Banh Mi I've had locally or the cheapest, but its arguably the tastiest one I've ever had overall. 
There's not a terrible amount of cilantro like I would usually prefer. There's not alot of meat / protein on it either. But the way they make the protein, and portion the veggies out at just the right amount to compliment the amount of bread is so well thought out. 
And I hate to sound so dramatic about a sandwich but what's a food review without a little drama?

Oh...and the bubble tea is good.  :-)
So good. Got take out tonight and it was such a great decision. I got the chicken and vegetable curry, extra spicy and the tang tang chicken. The curry is a spicy item on their menu so when I asked for extra spice they requested a number from 1 to 10. I asked for an eight and an eight it was. It was delicious. Flavorful, peanut-y and the perfect heat. The tang tang chicken was good as well. Such good  flavor. Not really crispy, which was off-putting at first, but that concern melted away when my mouth was delighted with flavor. I made a note to keep this in mind more for take out. (Although, the place is really sweet, so dining in is good too.) It's delicious. I also need to mention how friendly the staff is. It's a sweet spot. And I was told when I went to pick up my food that they are currently working on opening a bar in the back. I'm excited for that. This is a great spot. Try it.
This is such an awesome spot! Tasty, affordable food with outstanding service... what is there not to like? I had trouble deciding what to eat this Saturday when I came across Daleng in my bookmarks. It was a bit out of the way, but I'm glad we made the trek. 

The food was delicious! The crispy pork spring rolls were indeed very crispy. The filling was pretty standard and reminiscent of egg rolls (not Vietnamese style as in the menu description), but the whoever wrapped these should get an award for creating the most tightly wrapped and perfectly cylindrical spring rolls out there. They are fried so evenly that the the level of crispiness is uniform throughout the entire roll. They were good with the sweet and spicy sauce provided. 

The entrees were also very good. Michael F and I shared the Daleng Fried Shrimp and the Eggplant & Veggie Curry. Both items came with a generous portion of rice. The fried shrimp (10 pieces) was very crispy, while the curry had a decent amount of veggies immersed in a flavorful coconut curry sauce, which went well with the rice. 

To complement our meal, we got Thai milk tea and Hong Kong milk tea (with tapioca balls). Both were good. Curious, I also got a can of sugar cane drink; it tastes like sugar syrup and water, but was cool to try. They also have other Asian drinks in their cooler, such as chrysanthemum tea (which I recommend!). All of the entrees are under $10. Definitely adding this to my list of regular restaurants!
Open during COVID-19! I was craving Thai food and wanted to try out a new restaurant. Daleng did not disappoint. I order the Pad Thai, Tom Yum fried rice, and Tom Yum stir fry. I got the Pad Thai with level 3 spice and it was so spicy! I am generally able to handle spicy foods, but this was on the edge of too spicy. Just beware when asking for the dishes to be spicy! The Tom Yum fried rice had good flavor, but could use more of that fried oniony taste. And the the Tom Yum chicken stir fry was tasty and went well with the rice. Both of those dishes weren't spicy although it was noted as spicy on the menu. Next time I'm craving Thai, I will be back!
I live across the street from this restaurant. My boyfriend and I have tried the pad Thai, the veggie spring rolls and the banh mi and they are all delicious. If you go, you won't be disappointed. They are family owned and operated, and that really shows- in a good way! The only thing that would make this place 5 stars is if they had a larger menu with more options!
An interesting menu with solid flavors and reasonable prices makes Daleng Restaurant a great dinner choice. I have to give a shout out to fellow Yelper Vinayak B. for putting Daleng on my radar.  

I tried two dishes on my visit: 

E03. Crispy Fried Tilapia Fish Filet- I usually don't order tilapia as it is the least exciting of fish, but I decided to go against that trend when reading the description of the sauce on the menu. I upgraded the rice to shrimp fried rice for an extra $1.50. The staff member asked if I wanted the traditional tamarind fish sauce or a sweet and sour chili sauce. Of course I went with the traditional one, but it's nice to know they give people who aren't too adventurous some options. 

The fish was crispy as promised and the sauce was amazing. I could have just drank it straight. It was tart, funky, and salty all at the same time. It would have been fine with white rice, but the shrimp fried rice was so well seasoned and well worth the upgrade! 

E12. Eggplant and Vegetable Curry- This dish was very flavorful and had nice depth to it but was not hot and spicy. The vegetables were perfectly cooked and tender. It also came with white rice to soak up that delicious broth. It was great on a cool day. 

Service is very friendly, and the staff is willing to answer your questions. Water is self-serve. Street parking is available and free. We parked on the same block. I would order these both again, but I can't wait to go back and try more dishes!
This is a great little corner Southeast Asian restaurant in West Philly - yeah it's just about a street or two beyond what you think of as University City.  No matter.  Prices are even cheaper as a result.  While the chef is Cambodian you'll also find Vietnamese. Thai, Malaysian, Singapore dishes on the menu as well.  Somehow they prepare all these different cuisines well.  Recently I enjoyed a very fine Cambodian beef kroeung stir fry and rice platter which was nicely sparked by a hot chili sauce.  For starters I ordered a chicken on a stick that came with a tasty sweet chili dipping sauce.  Everyone working here was full of smiles and very friendly.  The name Daleng is Cambodian for "Go have fun."  Sounds good to me!
Amazing little gem in the area. If you have been to university city or West Philly, you will realize how rare it is to find Southeast Asian cuisines. Most of the market are Chinese. This place deserve a star just for existing. At Daleng's, you can get Thai, Vietnamese and Cambodian food, and all for a bargain.

This restaurant itself is small but comfortable. The staff were very friendly and helpful with the menu. We opted for chow fun with beef in gravy, chicken and veggie curry, pork egg rolls, a small and a large Thai tea with one can of chrysanthemum tea. So first of all, let's talk about how much that cost us. We had an order of 5 egg rolls plus the chow fun and curry with rice with one thai tea at the restaurant and two drinks to go. All that for 2 people was $32!! How do you beat this price? An amazing deal!

The chow fun was pretty good, the gravy was sweet and savory without overpowering. The beef was tender and they gave just the right amount of food. The curry was very pleasant, it was light and I don't mean in flavor, it felt light and good unlike some curry where it's heavy and thick. The flavor was more akin to massaman curry but more soupy. The egg rolls were super crunchy and spanking hot. It was such a deal to get 5 egg rolls for 4.75. Most Vietnamese places charge $5 for 2!

The chef came out to check on us multiple times and made sure we felt at home. A rarity for the location, great authentic food, awesome services and cheap eats. While there may be a lot of good restaurants around town, on this block, Daleng is the best and is highly recommended.
So good I would eat here everyday!!! Pad Thai is my favorite but everything they have is amazing!
My feelings about my experiences with Daleng are very mixed. I'm willing to chalk that up to the fact that I've only done takeout, while most of the reviews and photos (which heightened my expectations) were based on eat-in experiences. 

The pros: highly flavored, completely delicious on both entrees that I've tried, specifically the Eggplant and Veggie Curry and the Cambodian Stir Fry with Tofu. The sauce on the eggplant and veggie curry is so good that I could just pour that on a plate of brown rice and happily call it a meal. The tofu in the Cambodian Stir Fry is well prepared, there's lots of lemongrass, which I love, and the the vegetables in both are so thoroughly cooked that every bite is a melt-in-your-mouth party of tender vegetables, flavorful sauce and fluffy rice.
The service is friendly and quick, and for eat-in it looks like they have a good drink selection with really good prices. So I definitely want to have an eat-in experience here.

The not-so-pros: In spite of other reviews claiming the contrary here, the portion sizes are not really that generous. I feel like for the price, the portions might have been what you would expect for a lunch portion from a restaurant that was less "takeout-esque" (borrowing Karen X's brilliant wordplay there) than Daleng. They don't really pack the takeout containers, which is understandable because there's A LOT of sauce and it was spilling out even from the 3/4 filled containers. The amount of rice was a little harder to forgive though; the cup-sized cartons were only partially filled to the top, and there were gaps at the bottom of the container (so not even packed in). Again, probably not a problem if you were to do an eat-in meal, but not great for what I'd expect from a takeout carton of rice. When similar sized takeout containers from most places provide enough for two generous meals for me, and from here the containers provide about half of that, I can't help noticing.
 
All that said, I will almost definitely still be doing both takeout and eat-in here. My husband tried the vegetarian banh mi and was underwhelmed, so maybe I'll just stick to their stir fries (and gotta try the spring rolls too). That eggplant and vegetable curry will definitely be a permanent favorite.
Food: 4 Out of 5
My partner and I ordered the stir fry for Cambodian beef and Tom Yum for dinner. Flavors were good. I wished the spice level matched what I'm used to! Great lunch spot for sure.

Environment: N/A 
Ordered to go

Service: N/A 
Ordered to go

Overall: 4 Out 5
I'm definitely willing to go back to enjoy the restaurant to it's full extent and ask the servers for the "hidden" menu items. Give this West Philly gem a try!
Solid, solid...

Hmmm. Took me awhile to review this place but I'm back and better late than never people! 

Friendly people. I like the partial self serve concept because you get the bill out of the way and don't have to deal with a waiter stopping by far too often or not enough all. We ordered the crispy veggie spring rolls, Thai Tom yum stir fry and Singapore mei fun with shrimp. Everything was excellent but a few things should be noted. Both dishes have the spicy icon next to them but in my opinion the default spice level was extremely weak at best. If you're used to slicing up at Han or chili def alter here and don't go for the standard level. The flavors would great, just not what I'd consider remotely spicy. We swapped out the plain rice for the fried rice upgrade and I was disappointed. I was considering ordering the Tom yum fried rice but after having the regular rice I was glad I didn't. Nothing extreme, but very bland and slightly over cooked. I don't know much about the mei fun (first time trying) but it was very dry. Like Popeyes biscuit type dry. I reheated it with a bit of broth and it tasted amazing. Since I've never had it I'm not sure if it's this dry by design so it has no factor on my review - just some commentary on the dish. My final complaint (another personal pet peeve) is that the shrimp tails were off on in my meal. Nothing worse than starving and then the need to keep stopping to remove these during your meal. They were still tailed in our entree, but not the fried rice. 

Also worth noting, I placed my order ahead of time and noticed this restaurant charges slightly higher via Grubhub. Since I was taking out, seemed like an ineffective use of a few extra dollars I could've saved if I just paid when I came in. All in all I will definitely return and try more dishes. The prices are higher, but it's clearly a better addition to the neighborhood than "standardized" Chinese corner store fare. EDIT: Tried the smoothies too - super good as well!
My friend and I ordered pick up from this restaurant recently and everything was delicious. My friends had the Ting Ting 
wings which was so crispy and the sauce on top was delicious as well. It was like a mix of garlic honey sauce kind of..very good. I had the Chicken Pad Thai which was very good! I comes with peanuts and Totu so if you don't like that then I suggest modifying your order when you place it! My boyfriend got the garlic pork chops which was SO GOOD!!! Definitely ordering that next time. The portions are decent and the prices are reasonable. I highly recommend this restaurant as a must try if you are ever in the Philadelphia- University City area. They even offer drinks to go and they have their own liquor store attached to it which is very convenient!
What a tasty addition to the West Philadelphia neighborhood! The food is all so flavorful... Honestly, you can't go wrong with any of your choices here. In addition, the service is consistently friendly and welcoming. I will be returning shortly :)
We had a culinary and cultural experience that exceeded any expectations!!!

My friend and I felt like having Asian, but not sure what type of Asian?Searching West Philly area restaurants we stumbled on reviews of Daleng, noting its mix of Vietnamese, Cambodian and Laotian food. That caught my curiosity and noting it was at the perimeter of West Philly's dining neighborhoods only made it more intriguing. 
Well, we had a culinary and cultural experience that exceeded any expectations.
The setting is nice, clean and above all, friendly. Not a lot of tables, but people were coming in and out while we dined. The people serving could not have been friendlier, offering to explain the options available to us. We brought our wine and were immediately offered wine glasses along with the friendly table greeting.
We started with their "crispy veggie spring rolls" at $3.50 for 3 or $5.50 for 5. Served hot with a nice sauce, they were a great beginning.
We then moved to main courses. The Cambodian Kroeung Stir-Fry was my choice and eating vegetarian, it was filling and excellent, at $9.50.  One could also order it with chicken, beef, pork or shrimp. I ordered it spicy and now that I have been there, would risk even going hotter. My partner had a chicken stir fry with vegetables which she also very much enjoyed.
The food was great, the prices very reasonable, but the highlight of the evening in addition to the warm service throughout, was upon our departure. We asked about the restaurant and learned that the people we were speaking to were all Cambodian-Americans of Chinese descent. The chef was a survivor of the Pol Pot regime in Cambodia and after living thru that horror, went from country to country until she received refugee status to come to the US. In her years of traveling, she picked up the different styles of cooking and thus, the wonderful flavors at Daleng. The other family members are graduates of such esteemed universities as Penn State and Drexel, having earned their academic credits in tech and working during the day in their areas of specialty, but in the evenings and weekends, put their energies together to have built this treasure of great Asian cooking. I thought this is but one of many examples we find in America of immigrants bringing their best to our shores and making America the great country it is. If only Trump were to visit such a place, he would understand one doesn't need to make America great again, it already is!  
The people at Daleng are examples of that and bring us a wonderful spirit and of course, great dining. I plan to be a regular and strongly encourage others, as well!
A sure five stars for being a wonderful spot all around! Daleng is a welcome addition to the West Philly neighborhood, with very friendly easygoing owners. They are a simple local establishment with a casual no-frills type of interior (including self-serve water and ordering at the counter), and can easily accommodate groups. It offers bargain prices for a variety of different Thai/Chinese/Cambodian food with solid portions - what more can you ask for? :) 

I had the garlic pork chops based on a friend's recommendation, and it was delicious!  Even though it was slightly salty (but I generally tend to find everything kinda salty), I really enjoyed my dish and the bites I had of my friends' as well. My friend especially loved his beef and carrot stew, and ate almost every last drop of it. 

I had heard about Daleng through friends at church, since our church is around the corner, and I'm so glad that so many of us are patrons of this local business for their delicious food now. We loved talking to the kind amiable owners, and plan on visiting again soon!
My son and I ate at Daleng yesterday. We were delighted to see something new there. The Cambodian aspect intrigued us. 

The food is delicious and the owners/managers were friendly and enthusiastic. I had the Cambodian Beef Kroeung Stir-fry, which was perfect: spicy with a taste of basil and the bell peppers were yummy. My son had the Tang Tang Chicken, which, we learned, was a secret recipe of the Cambodian woman who does most of the cooking (she, by the way, a refugee-survivor of the Cambodian genocide).

I can't wait to bring my wife next time, who will want to try the Eggplan & Veggie Curry.

The prices are modest, the space has been cleaned up and is simple and nicely lit. And, again, the proprietors are excited about what they're doing. Let's support them.
We went here for dinner on a Thursday night. It was delicious! We both lived in Cambodia for a spell and found out the owner is Cambodian. I had the beef kroeung and my husband the chicken vegetable curry. Both were delicious. Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood. Sadly they are not BYOB bit hopefully in the future.
I hadn't been to Daleng in a few months until the other day.  They now bring water through table service instead of self-serve.  They still have really tasty curries and rice with reasonable prices and service is fast and friendly. It's still a great place for dinner.  However, the wow factor for me was the crispy fried fish with the tamarind fish sauce.  The fish was so crispy and the sauce was so funky.  It was truly a match made in heaven.  Apparently, I was an outlier though because it was not a top selling item.  Therefore, they had to remove it from the menu.  I get it because you shouldn't stock something that isn't popular, but I have to admit that it is still disappointing.  

The veggie curry keeps me coming back though because it's well seasoned and the veggies are perfectly cooked.  The potatoes and eggplant are tender, but the carrots and beans have enough bite to them.  It will warm you up on a winter day.  Everything else I've had was tasty, but not something I crave. The Tang Tang chicken is good, but it's not going to have the crispness of a Korean chicken wing.  The sauce is also a little on the sweet side, and I tend to lean more towards savory flavors. The fried shrimp is good, standard panko fried shrimp.  The vegetarian spring Rolls are crispy and fresh.

The Thai tea is a must get.  I usually order this for dessert to go.  It tastes fresh and not like a powder.  It's sweet like Thai Tea should be, but not too sweet.  You can add bubbles if you like too.   I like the fact that they let you upgrade your rice to fried rice with a protein or veggie to mix things up.  It's also a plus that parking in this neighborhood isn't usually a problem.  Even without the fish, it's still a spot I plan to continue to visit for a satisfying dinner.
Yummmmmm. I ate the chicken and vegetable curry. It was a huge portion for the price and the curry was flavorful! The only downside was that the chicken was a little bit tough. But it really didn't bother me too much. I would definitely come back here again!
I was looking for a place to go for lunch in my neighborhood and looked here on yelp only to find this Southeast Asian gem snuck into my hood so i decided to try it. My entree Stir Fried Chow Fun in gravy is a Cambodian dish and gravy is Cambodian and lighter in color but very flavorful. I  had  tofu as my protein. I also tried appetizer. I had the Vegetarian Summer roll (Vietnamese )with tofu and loved their peanut sauce. Flavorful and not too salty. Lastly, i tried the Vietnamese Iced coffee. Vietnamese iced coffee is made with the famous louisiana dark roast coffee with chicory , Cafe du Monde. I have had  this coffer before and it tastes perfect ad iced coffee. Li made it sugar free with splenda for me. Very tasty and refreshing. I shall come back with and without friends visiting. Very nice owners. Delicious food. welcome to the neighborhood!!
So my five stars are based on the food since I ordered take-out. I ordered Cha Kreoug with shrimp extra spicy because I enjoy some heat. Daleng restaurant delivered the authenticity and the spiciness as asked. I am Cambodian and was brought up enjoying authentic home-cooked Khmer food just in case potential customers want to check my tastebuds credentials.
Great local restaurant in the neighborhood. Tried the Pan-Seared Garlic Pork Chop as well as shared Tang Tang Chicken with friends. Both dishes were flavorful and delicious. The pork chop was not tough (I was able to cut it with a plastic knife!) and chicken was both sweet and tangy and crispy. Would totally recommend this place!!
We have been here several times since we enjoy the food. We called in to pick up an order today 9/25 around 6pm and they said to pick up in 30-40 minutes, so that's when we showed up. When we showed up, the man at the register said they didn't have our order, and that they would make it, but did not offer an apology at all. Eventually a woman behind him said sorry at the very end. We were fine with that as they said 10 minute wait. The restaurant was completely empty besides us, so we sat at some tables for the wait in front of the TV. The same man said that we had to move because it didn't look for people coming in to see us without food although the restaurant was completely empty. The way that he asked was matter of fact, rather than nice, on addition to the fact that they messed up the order and also he did not apologize for that. Just poor customer service. We asked for a refund and said we were going to take our business else where because of all the treatment we received, to which he continued to defend himself that it's policy and it doesn't look good, and that they don't change the rules for anyone. That plus them losing the order, and the guy we were interacting with not apologizing really soured the place for us. My partner used to work in the food industry, so we were both surprised by the interaction and we found this person to be very rude as he was defensive for quite a while, and the other staff just stood around as well. 

In the past, with other staff, they had been very nice. I hadn't seen this guy before, but I do not think that we will be going back after this interaction.
Daleng was my Friday night savior.

After waiting more than an hour for food while I was at The Bar(n), I was starting to get annoyed. My friends had all eaten and I was getting weak. I pulled up Yelp and found this oasis. I called in my order and walked over to Daleng, arriving about 12 minutes before they closed. They had accidentally given my order to the delivery driver. The owner ran outside and retrieved my order while I washed my hands in the well maintained restroom. I returned to the counter with my order awaiting. They accommodated me with a plate and extra rice so that I could start calorie consumption ASAP. The meal hit the spot. I'm a fan of the reasonable prices, great customer service and clean, bright decor. I'll be back.
My family got a to go order from here while in the area from out of town. Some of our family are vegan so this was a great spot for a convenient delicious meal. I just want to let you know we ordered 7 things off of the menu I tasted some of everything and I thought everything was good.

We ordered veggie spring rolls and the shrimp summer rolls. Both of these came with sauces I only tried the peanut sauce with the summer rolls. The sauce was a little runny but good flavor. Both appetizers were tasty. 

I got a Char Sui Banh Mi. Because we are in Philly I was expecting a sandwich that was packed full. It wasn't but it had great flavor which made me happy I would order it again. 

For the meals we got Tang Tang chicken with tofu fried rice, 2 pad Thai's one spicy with shrimp one mild with tofu, and a shrimp lo mien. The standouts were the tofu fried rice and tofu pad Thai. I thought both were extremely good. The only thing I would not order again is the lo mein it was not bad everything else was just so much better. The Tang Tang chicken had great flavor and was still good after the 15min in the car. 

My only complaint is the amount of shrimp in the dishes and the meat in the sandwich. With that being said I would go back to this place because the flavors at this place are great,
What a great little restaurant!
I ordered the pan-seared garlic pork chop and really enjoyed it.  The meat was very tender and flavored really well.  I also tried the Tang Tang chicken.  This had a really delicious sauce.  LOVED it.  And for the price, this place is great place to grab a meal
My first experiences with Daleng was trying them during an Open House event. They were some of the best Tofu and Chicken Banh Mi I had had (especially the tofu). Ever since, I personally chose to cater from them during the events I hosted later last year. 

Yesterday, I went in person and got the Chicken Banh Mi and Veggi Eggplant Curry. The chicken Banh Mi was Delicious should I say consummate even (I previously only consumed it after having it sit cold for a few hours -- even then it tastes great!).
I really liked the Eggplant Curry. Often times the peanut flavoring can be a tad overwhelming, but in this curry it was perfect. 

The service is also amazing. The cashier was quite affable and attentive!

Because of my continuously positive experiences, I will come here again and again!
A cool find! I've driven down Walnut St before but never really noticed this place. When I googled 'thai food near me' this place was one of the first restaurants that popped up. Short menu but everything is well made and well seasoned!! We ordered shrimp summer rolls, Thai tom yum chicken (served with white rice) and chicken & veggie curry (served with white rice). We were very pleased to get so much food for just $20. We will be ordering from them again!! Also the staff were super friendly.
I didn't have the pleasure of eating in the actual restaurant but if the experience inside is anything like takeout, I will definitely be visiting soon. I ordered the wings with fried rice and the Tang Tang wings. Both were crispy, fried to perfection and delicious. If you prefer more of a plain, dry chicken, the plain wings are your choice. Paired with the fried rice, it was a great combination. The fried rice tasted like it was made with love. Not saturated with soy sauce or excessive salt. The Tang Tang wings were the perfect combination of sweet and tangy! When the food arrived it was nice and hot. If a restaurant impressed you with takeout you know it will be good inside.
Ordered for take out and went to pick it up. When I walked in, the most obvious thing was that the portions are way bigger if you eat in. The food on the menu is from multiple areas in Asia, and I loved being able to dip my banh mi into a thai curry with so many veggies and pieces of beef. It was surprisingly spicy which was exactly what I asked for. The banh mi was better than I've had in a while, with the fresh vegetables and the jalapenos making it crisp, and the pork flavors and bread made me crave another. Not too expensive of an option compared to other Thai places.

Came again and ate in-- the portions were bigger and the pad thai was on point! Will be my go to place for refreshing sandwiches this summer.
This place is incredible. Came here last night and got the chicken and veggie curry and fried tilapia. The prices are the best I've seen for SE Asian food - its low enough to still be considered "fast-casual" prices which makes a big difference in how often I'll include a restaurant in my rotation. The food was amazing. The tilapia was thinly battered and fried served with a side sauce that was incredible. The curry had pretty equal portions of veggie and chicken which is important to me since I don't like those currys where its just all chicken and sauce. 

Will be here often.
This place is certainly deserving of all the Yelp love. Incredibly friendly and kind staff, clean interior with plenty of seating, self-serve lemon water...and then there's the food! I usually don't write reviews after just one meal but my shrimp Pad Thai was excellent  especially with such a generous helping of shrimp. The food was super fresh and the prices are very reasonable. I don't live in this neighborhood but can definitely see myself making a trip out here to try some more of their dishes.
This sort of hole in the wall is close by public transit. It's limited in seating and staff, so it can be a bit awkward and quiet, but the food is amazing. The price for the portion size and flavor is good. I had the fried chicken wings with plain fried rice. The chicken was so crispy and well seasoned and the fried rice had a Smokey salty flavor. It was one of the best fried rices I've had in a while. I went with a friend. Her food as also good and filling. 

Would def go again. I would even say I crave it sometimes and I'm not even from that the city. 

4/5 because food was great but service and atmosphere was a litttttle awkward. But def worth a visit.
I've only had delivery-takeout from Daleng but they are super yummy, have great service, and are wonderful to work with for catering orders! Will definitely work with them again soon
Been here twice now, late at night, right before close and every time has been top notch service as well as food. 

Everyone who works here is so friendly and knowledgeable. The food is picture perfect. I had a pork bahn mi, the spring rolls and an iced tea. 

I'll take pictures next time.
Really delicious meal, but be careful about the spice level you ask for. I usually have a high spice tolerance, and I have never found anything "too spicy", so coming here, when they asked for the spice level that I wanted, I was too cocky. They gave me the options from 1-10, or an 11 if I really wanted it spicy. I chose to get an 11 for my crispy Fried chicken wings, and it was way way too spicy.

The chicken was covered in chili seeds. It was delicious, but after two wings, it was a very painful kind of delicious.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- Last visit: yesterday afternoon to treat my assistant. We were the only occupants as we came at an awkward lunch time.
- Frequency: first time 
- Next visit? would definitely come again once or twice. It's a bit far. 

FOODRINK:
- Summer rolls: We got the shrimp. It was pretty standard. Gave way more peanut sauce needed for 2 rolls.
- Tang Tang chicken: The lady said that it was often compared to Korean fried chicken. It was more on the sweeter end. 3 of the wings were really small, barely enough to get a bite of meat. 
- Cambodian beef kroeung stir fry: This was recommended as one of its most popular. The taste of the lemongrass sticks out the most. Plenty of vegetables although the amount of meat served was on the lower end. Wish it had more beef. The sauce is awesome. Would order again definitely.

VIBE:
-  Very casual 
- Semi-seld serve
- Small plastic water cups 
- Unexpectedly cute 
- The lady who took our order was phenomenal, knowledgeable and friendly. After her standard "have you guys dined with us before?" She explained the whole logistics of semi-self serve restaurant. She explained the food very thoroughly giving us options, explaining to us the most adventurous food options, most popular, most standard/safe. She even infused a bit of nostalgia when she was recommending dishes claiming that certain items were staple foods that her mom used to make her. Little advices like that made my heart tingle a bit and low key made me want to order those food items that I initially had no interest in.
- Wait time for food arrival: 7 minutes 35 seconds (for appetizer) 13 minutes 42 minutes (for the entree so +/- 7 minutes after the arrival of the appetizer)
- Wait time for our check: immediate bc payment is require when ordering the food as this place is semi-self serve
We love this restaurant. We usually order take-out, but eating in is a great experience as well. My favorite dish is the Singapore Mei Fun with tofu. Out of everything we've eaten there, I can't think of anything that hasn't been great. We also love the veggie spring rolls, pad thai, and tang tang chicken.
Daleng has changed their menu again. Prices went up a little as to be expected. The charge to upgrade from steamed rice to fried rice has tripled though which is very disappointing. However, I love the new menu additions, so I guess things balance out. 

There are now more choices to swap out proteins. A someone who doesn't eat beef or pork, this change has opened up a lot of new menu options for me. For instance, the Cambodian stir fry that used to only come with beef, can now be done with chicken, tofu, or shrimp. It was amazing with tofu and has so much flavor! They also will adjust the heat level on a scale of 1 to 10. I got an 8 which was spicy but not hot in my opinion. As someone raised in the south, I don't find anything in Philly hot heat wise though, so keep that in mind when ordering. My husband thought it was plenty hot for him.  They also have have sweet and sour Vietnamese soup. We had it with shrimp and it comes with a side of rice. It was nice and tangy with plenty of shrimp. 

The vegetable curry is still my favorite dish here due to the perfectly cooked vegetables and balanced flavor, but the Cambodian stir fry is now a close second. The Thai tea is always excellent. If you haven't been to Daleng yet, you should give it a try!
Pad thai is my favorite food, so I've tried plenty of variations from different restaurants across NYC and NJ. Since moving to Philly a week ago I've had Pad Thai here twice- it's truly my favorite! 

The noodles have the best chewy texture, and most importantly they're not greasy at all. Instead they're the right amount of saucy! The first time I came in I asked for extra lime and the waitress remembered that fact when I ordered Pad Thai a few days later. Service as a whole is 5/5- the people behind the counter are friendly, funny, and strike up conversations with regulars. 

Hong Kong milk tea is also great! Not too sweet. The Vietnamese iced coffee is my preferred over the two- strong coffee flavor that's offset by sweet condensed milk. 

I need to branch out and try new restaurants but Daleng keeps me coming back!
Very good for the price, friendly owners and just the type of small business I root for to succeed...  it looks clean and the ingredients are fresh and tasty.   So my initial mini review is all positive despite the semi-sketch hood and lack of soup on the menu.   Check it out W. Philly and let me know how it goes!
Great new spot in the neighborhood! Beef spring rolls, Banh mi, chicken curry, and iced tea were spot on. The place smelled amazing and everyone was very friendly. Can't wait to try more of the menu!
Fantastic service and great food! They are very accommodating people and make really tasty noodle bowls.
The Singapore noodles are amazing and the Thai tea with boba was scrumptious! The service was exceptionally fast! I will be ordering from this restaurant again!!!!!
Our food was incredibly tasty and reasonably priced. The restaurant itself is very clean, and the owners are nice and will go out of their way to make you smile.

This is a welcomed addition to the neighborhood, and I can't wait to return soon.
My mom and I have come here for takeout a few times but finally sat in for a meal. My mom got beef kroeung stir fry, and I got the pan-seared chicken thighs with vegetable fried rice. My mom ordered her beef kroeung to be a bit spicier than default and she loved the flavors. She could tell the ingredients were fresh with clear tamarind, lemongrass, Thai basil, etc. that came through and offered well rounded flavor notes. The pan-seared chicken thighs were crisp on the outside and moist on the inside and also very flavorful. The fried rice was not overly greasy and the rice had perfect texture. I also loved the inclusion of fish sauce and pickled vegetables.

For drinks, I got the Thai tea and my mom ordered Hong Kong milk tea. We specified we wanted less sugar, and the sweetness level was perfect. In the past we have gone to this place for takeout and can attest that all their entrees are of similar quality. Tastes like home cooked food! Not to mention the owners are very nice, personable, and accommodating. This is our go-to Southeast Asian spot outside of South Philly!
Beware whoever is in the kitchen has a heavy hand when it comes to heat. We ordered our pad Thai medium and they were Xtra spicy. To me spice levels are usually no spice, mild which is a little spice, medium somewhere in btwn, hot which is full on spice and xtra spicy which is for insane people. My spice tolerance is not that low, I eat bahn mi with jalapeños and order everything at every Thai, Cambodian, Chinese, schezuan, Vietnamese, Indian and Eithiopian "medium" but this was inedible. We took a couple bites and were dying. Also the pad Thai didn't have enough sauce it was dry, the chicken was try and undercooked and it was a little bland, maybe because all we were tasting was spice but it could have used some more sugar, lime, tamarind, fish sauce, peanut, herbs etc. very disappointed for $35 worth of food, crispy spring rolls were fine and summer rolls were actually decent.

Everything was as painful going out as it was going in if you know what I mean. And it tore up my stomach. The last time this happened to me I ate a ghost pepper and was in agony for hours.
A very nice surprise in west philly. Spring rolls and shrimp pad Thai were delicious. Next time I'll ask for the pad Thai to be a little spicier,  it it was still great.
Overall, my experience at Daleng was very good. What I loved most about my time here was the chicken banh mi, which is the best banh mi that I've had in recent memory. I've eaten their banh mi from a catered event, but eating it fresh from the kitchen sealed the deal. The other thing we ate was the eggplant and vegetable curry, which was just okay in my opinion. My only criticism for the curry was that it lacked a strong flavor profile. Additionally, the service was great and the server, who was also manning the front, was very attentive and hospitable. The food was  filling and at a reasonable price. I would definitely come back!
Stopped in for dinner yesterday and found the service and food to be a total delight! We ordered the Tom Yum fried rice and Beef Lomein and both were absolutely delicious and just what we needed! The owner and staff were so friendly, I really enjoyed chatting with them and just how thoughtful and kind everyone was. This restaurant also has a great ambiance and a large variety to beverages to boot!
Ordered pickup from this place. The pan roasted chicken thighs were perfectly cooked with tons of flavor. Fairly priced and quickly prepared for pickup. Love the Asian fusion they do here that doesn't feel Americanized. 

A nice gem in West Philly, will most definitely be back!
I'd highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a nice Thai fusion restaurant with extremely responsible prices. 

I've been here twice in the past week and I'm loving it. The service is really friendly and you can tell they have experience interacting with the diverse group of people who come in this establishment. It's a huge plus that not only do people from West Philly come to this place, but also university city students and dwellers alike. It really brings the neighborhoods together.  

The food is fantastic. I'm a vegetarian, so I got the Tom Yum Fried rice the first time and the Chow Fun noodles with tofu. Both were delicious.  I highly recommend the Chow Fun noodles with tofu. I was very nervous about the tofu because the texture can be hit or miss. Well here, it's a hit because it's lightly fried on the outside with a chicken like texture inside.  I can't wait to try the other dishes with tofu too. 

Also re: spicy level, be careful. I got a level 4 and I love spice and it was at the top of what I like for a meal. My bf got a 6 level and he has a high tolerance for spice. Even he had to take breaks in between bites. I'll say this, his sinuses are cleared right up :) 


In sum, give this place a try. Drop in, have a beer, eat some good food and chat with some of your neighbors; you'll love it!
Ordered fried veggie rolls, chicken pad Thai, and tang tang wings for takeout. Everything was delicious and packaged really well. The portion sizes were really generous. Definitely adding this to my regular takeout options
Small local business w great fresh food that never lets us down. Everything we have tried has been great. The veggie curry, chicken wings, noodle and all fantastic. Try the pad Thai. You won't be disappointed.
Wonderful local West Philly restaurant. Unlike many asian restaurants, food there does not have the msg aftertaste. Good prices and pleasant people.
A gem in West Philly! The family and I stayed at the nearby West Lofts (Air BnB) and were excited to see such a high-rated restaurant on the same block. There aren't a lot of nearby options and this joint delivered with all kinds of goodies. The pad thai was excellent - they don't use ketchup in the recipe which is my preference - and my wife and kid had the spring rolls (very good) and pork chop (excellent). The chicken and broccoli was a good straightforward dish with great broth and their banh mi drew raves from the family.  Fantastic!
I really enjoyed my meal here! It is a Cambodian-Thai-Vietnamese fusion restaurant and the people were so nice. I got the Cambodian Beef Kreung Stir Fry (not sure if I remember the correct spelling). Note that if you don't tell them specifically that you can handle a good amount of spice/herbs they will tone down the taste to be more palatable to most Americans. The ladies were very nice while warning me about the spice and lemongrass flavor of the dish in case it was a taste I would not enjoy. The prices here are very reasonable and I would definitely go a lot more often if I lived closer. They do grubhub though so I might get some food through that.
Perhaps it's me, but I did not love the curry. My wife got the pad Thai, but she found it too spicy. Next time she will get a milder level of spicy.
Super unassuming place but the food is to die for! The kind family feel is great as well. They recently soft opened a bar in the back and the happy hour is great while you wait for your food. I find myself eating here more often than I should but the food is fresh  ma to order. So stop in, have a drink.  Get a bite. You won't regret it.
I forgot to review this place! Love it and great prices! I got the Pad Thai and my fiancé and bro in law got the beef with broccoli. The taste was amazing for everything and the staff was very friendly. I loved that they gave us some spring rolls too. I want to return or order in from here!!
I've ordered several times from here and have gotten different dishes each time. The food is good and has a nice spice to it; I like that you can pick your spice level. Overall I would recommend Daleng, however I took off one star because they really skim on their protein. I had an order of shrimp fried rice and it had only three small pieces of shrimp. Terrible for a $10 dish.
Daleng is a cute restaurant with good food and really phenomenal service. 

I've eaten in as well as ordered pick up and delivery from here and was really impressed with their customer service each and every time.

There's a variety of southeast asian food - everything from pho, singapore mei fun to pad thai. They also have a nice selection of viet coffee and bubble teas. So far everything has been fresh and delicious!

I would say the only downside is that they're a bit pricey compared to other places. About $12 for pho dac biet and $8 for a banh mi. Not exactly the prices I'd like to pay for either items but other than that, solid spot for a quick meal!
Where did date night take us this time?

Well, I was craving a good homecooked meal. I wanted something comforting so I suggested that we go get Thai/Cambodian food. Daleng Restaurant was the place I choose. Never been here before, we usually opt for Pattaya Restaurant closer to campus. 

First impression was that the restaurant owners are really friendly and funny. The place is a bit small but cozy. I loved how they were playing that 70's show on tv, so that definitely added to the "homey" vibe. 

We got shrimp summer rolls to start off as an app. I decided to order the "Cambodian beef kroeung" and my boyfriend got the "Chicken and veggie curry". Both spice level was 3.

At first I chose my spice level as a 4, but the restaurant owner suggested that I should do a 3 instead since it can get really spicy. I'm glad I did because all the food was just perfect. Very flavorful, with just the right amount of spice. 

Only thing I would change is that I wished the Cambodian beef kroeung had more beef, instead it was overwhelmed with bell peppers and veggies. I wanted more beef and by the time I finished the beef there were still plenty of veggies left.

Definitely can't wait to come back and try other Southeast Asian dishes. Perfect place for a chilled date night :)
Very delicious. Always spot on whenever you need it. I always order the fried chicken and veggie fried rice. Very quick and kind staff.
