Pasta as fast food? Count me in! I've only encountered one other place with this concept years ago on my travels (I believe in St Louis) and always wondered why we didn't have a similar place like this back home in Philly...and now we do! Yay! 

DaMo is really awesome! Whether you want to choose to create your own pasta dish (this is always a hit with the kiddos) or enjoy one of their classic offerings, I think you'll be happy with the whole aspect of the quick made to order meals that are authentic tasting. 

*If you make your own you simply choose your noodle (Tonnarelli, gnocchi, tagliatelle etc) then your sauce (ragu bolognese, Cacio e Pepe, arriabiata, pesto etc) then your toppings (pine nuts, pecorino, hot peppers etc). 

We indulged in their seasonal walnut mushroom ravioli, pillowy gnocchi with alfredo, black pepper and fresh basil (kid creation) and Casarecce pomodoro. All were excellent! The pasta was super fresh, and while the creamy sauce for the ravioli was memorable, the tomato sauce was pretty outstanding too! We literally licked the bowl clean!! So good! 

They have fresh salads to start, including a prosciutto melon and a caprese, and desserts like the classic tiramisu we really enjoyed also. So crazy to think of what they offer "fast" here! 

DaMo served as the perfect ending to a family night over at Tinsel right across the way. It was easy, no reservations were needed at the last minute kind of place, and the food was awesome, even though it was served in such a casual, pay at the counter, order at a kiosk manor! 

Portions are perfect. Not too large, not too small, Goldilocks style and prices were appropriate. 
Pellegrino to accompany, and we were a happy bunch! 

I know the kiddos will beg for this next time we're in the city looking for a quick bite to eat, and I won't feel bad about wasting calories on this kind of "fast food" afterwards. So yum!! Great concept, execution and delivery!
Okay DaMò, I see you! 

This place has been on my radar for a while, but we don't order Italian for takeout super often. After a long and chilly day, I was craving comfort food. My husband suggested DaMò which sounded just right. 

We each ordered small pastas (mine was the casarecce arrabbiata and his was a custom creation with tonnarelli and bolognese sauce). We also ordered the caprese salad and a piece of focaccia. The caprese was small and the tomatoes were just okay. For $14, we'll pass on this dish in the future. The focaccia, however, was fantastic. Going to have to double that order next time! 

Both pastas were great and exactly what we were expecting. The small portion size was perfect for both of us; I even had a little bit left over for the next day. Adding DaMò to our takeout/delivery rotation for sure!
Are you up for fast food Italian?  Well check out the new DaMo Pasta Lab right in the heart of Center City Philadelphia.  Okay it's not your typical fast food other than you order at the counter and then your food is prepared and brought to your table.  This doesn't take long and the even better news is that the pasta tastes great.  I love casarecce so I ordered their Casarecce Pomodoro and it was outstanding.  And any establishment that will drizzle a little Olivarum aromatizzato al pepperoncino from Abruzzo on top of the casarecce is fine in my book. DaMo Pasta Lab is a great place to keep as an option for getting a bite to eat in Philly.
Still really nice people.l and really good lasagna. And now they have Genovese pasta to die for. Make sure to get it with the parmigiana and the black pepper on top. It was delicious and had lots of meat in an excellent sauce. As with our first visit everything was freshly prepared after we ordered it. The new homemade semolina bread is good but it could use some olive oil or butter to go along with it. I see that Damò has chocolate mousse and tiramisu to the dessert options. One of these weeks!
Amazing freshly made pasta here! We got here by accident when we were led by the awesome smell of the delicious flavors coming out of this location. We had a big group with us so were able to order one of each! Definitely glad we did that! The tagliatelle al ragu and Cacio E Pepe were my favorites!
Really nice people. Really good lasagna. Not so good bolognese or focaccia. It's a great idea being able to get homemade pasta on the fly and they are just in soft opening mode so I would call DaMò (wow, never typed an ò like that before) a work in progress. When we visited we were warmly greeted and I proceeded to try to place my order on one of the three touch screens. Unfortunately after two tries the computer told me that three of the items I was trying to purchase (including the two diet cokes in my other hand) were unavailable. Luckily one of the employees helped me out by ordering at the cash register. Our food came out quickly but alas it was served in kind of chintzy paper bowls that they may think about upgrading. What they don't need to mess around with was the lasagna. Forget Stouffer's or any of that garbagy lasagna you are used to having because the stuff here was stupendously good. The pasta tasted fresh and it had a nice cheesy flavor. I tried the bolognese and it was less than stellar. The sauce was acidic tasting and drowned out the pasta. The sauce needed to be much sweeter and cooked longer if you ask me but I don't make bolognese sauce so what do I know? Anyway, there is plenty of room for improvement and despite being hungry I stopped eating after a few bites. My dining part shared my sentiments too and did not want any more of my pasta. Luckily she was more than willing to share her lasagna. We also tried the focaccia since there was not any garlic bread (hint, hint) or any other bread on the menu. The focaccia looked better than it tasted but it was not entirely bad. But not as good as having some nice bread to eat with the pasta or better yet some garlic bread. While we were eating an employee (not sure if it was Da or Mò) was circulating with some packages of confetti candy for all of the diners (which there were quite a few) to enjoy. Basically confetti candy is milk and dark chocolate covered almonds enrobed in a few colors (think M&M's) straight from Italy. They were really good and took the taste of the bolognese out of my mouth. Our meal with two regular sized items, two diet cokes, and the focaccia came to $33. Not all that cheap but if it was amazingly good I would not complain. Would I come back? For the lasagna any day of the week. It was that good. Hopefully the sauce for the bolognese will be tweaked and some bread will be added to the menu and then it will be magnificò!
The Place:

DaMo is a "pasta lab" currently in it's soft opening in Center City, apparently going for the fast casual space by offering fresh authentic pasta very quickly.

We visited the restaurant and ordered their Bolognese, lasagna, and focaccia - the Three Horsemen of "authentic" Italian, and were thoroughly impressed.

Although the place was mostly empty, it was still quite amazing to see all this prepared in only a few minutes -- we went from our apartment a block away and got back within 12 minutes -- without needing microwaves or anything like that. And from the kiosk-based self-service, it seems they are well prepared to scale the speed with the demand as they settle in.

For those apprehensive about the price (our meal was ~$50 incl. tip) I would look at this place more like an alternative to an actual Italian restaurant rather than, say, a Chipotle, as the quality and quantity of the food certainly justified the price in our eyes.

The Food:

- Focaccia: well-seasoned with olives and tomatoes baked in, creating excellence flavor. I would advise throwing it in the oven to liven it up a little, but for takeout the bread held up very well

- Bolognese: the pasta is obviously the star of this place. It was incredibly fresh and vastly better than your garden variety Italian place, comparable to a $$+ authentic restaurant. The sauce took second stage to the pasta, but was certainly good enough to not leave any behind

- Lasagna: GET IT. RIGHT NOW. The lasagna was truly astounding. The pasta was fresh and tasty, but the ricotta was the real hero of the dish. In a world where most lasagna is a microwaved disgrace, this was a welcome change of pace

We definitely recommend DaMo and can't wait for the full menu!
I feel super lucky about the fact that my hotel was in close proximity to DaMò! I was not expecting a spot with such high-quality pasta made in-house a few blocks away from where I was staying.

I was craving good Italian food for dinner, but wasn't in the mood to go to a swanky restaurant after just having arrived in Philadelphia. The online menu had a good range of options for pretty reasonable prices, so I decided to give it a shot. 

For those of us who have eaten at one of the 40 Piada chains across the country, DaMò is essentially a better version of what they were aiming to do. 

The food comes out in sturdy paper to-go bowls after you order from a Kiosk, which I wasn't expecting. There is one cashier you can go up to and order from in-person in case you have questions about the menu, but I opted to order through the Kiosk. It reminded me of the experience of ordering through them at chains like Shake Shack and Panera -- and was very easy to navigate. 

Although there definitely is a to-go atmosphere with the Kiosk orders and to-go containers, the cozy atmosphere of the restaurant and the windows that let you see their staff make the noodles in-house makes the place feel so homey. The owner of the restaurant is also incredibly warm and friendly, which further added to the comfort of the whole atmosphere. He was making conversation with the customers and all the workers there seemed really comfortable around him.

The two times I ate here, I got to try the following: 
* Cacio e Pepe -- which was incredible! By far my favorite thing there. It was rich and creamy, and comes with a generous amount of cheesy sauce. 
* Lasagna -- this was also wonderful. I'm usually not a huge fan of lasagna, but the lasagna here won me over. 
* Bolognese -- I was really in the mood for bolognese, but I found this dish to be a bit bland. I wish they had added some more sauce on this, as I found it to be dry. 

All the pasta was cooked al dente, which I really appreciate as I hate how my overcooked pasta tends to fall apart at some of the Italian-American restaurants around. They even sell their pasta at the restaurant! 

Although some have complained about the price for the portions, I think it's definitely worth it for the quality of the food. Such a cute spot, it's worth stopping by for a to-go or dine-in order!
So glad to have another place for lunch! And who doesn't love pasta?! I went this week during their soft opening. The cacio e Pepe was very very good. The pasta was cooked perfectly, and I could have done with a bit less sauce. Meanwhile, my friend wanted more sauce her bolognese. I'll definitely keep coming back for my cheat day meals!
We were lucky enough to check out Damo Pasta Lab during the soft opening over the weekend!  I think it's a really cool concept - a fast-casual homemade pasta bar.

The setup is clearly intended to encourage people to order takeout rather than eating inside the restaurant, with a large open area by the kiosks and just one large table and some window bar seating.  But to me, the coolest part of this restaurant is watching the fresh pasta productin!  The "lab" is visible through large floor-to-ceiling windows, and I really enjoyed watching the pasta get made while we ate.

As I mentioned, this is fast-casual.  So their pasta is made that day and stored in containers until it's ordered.  For the soft opening menu, they only 4 pasta options, but they said their full menu will have the option to choose which pasta and sauce pairing you want.

We tried 3 of the pastas to get a sampling!  They had a gnocchi with tomato sauce, tonnarelli with cacio e pepe, and fettucini bolognese.  The tonnarelli and fettucini both had excellent texture.  I found the gnocchi a bit mushy.  The sauces needed a bit of work.  The tomato sauce was very acidic (the flavor of uncooked tomato paste came through).  The cacio e pepe was decent, though a bit "wet".  And the bolognese was okay, but didn't have that developed flavor that bolognese that's been cooked all day should have.  If it had been the regular menu I would have given 3 stars, but as they're still working out the kinks I think they have the potential for improving to 4 stars, especially if they lower the price or up the portion size.  I would also happily have purchased homemade ready-to-cook pasta to make at home!
Walked by this brand new restaurant this evening, and thought I would try it out! Alas, there were only a handful of yelp reviews to guide me in my decision-making, so I ended up ordering a classic gnocchi sorrentina to go (on a touch-screen ordering system similar to the Shake Shack down the block).
The pasta itself was a bit too soft in texture, but still good. The sauce for the gnocchi was fresh and tomatoey, but could have had some more flavor development. I would have loved to have more of the basil or parmesan flavor come through to add some depth to the dish.
I will say that my meal was pretty expensive for a fast casual place. For the $15.95 I paid for one entree, one can easily go to a sit-down Italian restaurant in the city. Nevertheless, they did dole out a good portion and I was full after my meal.
Would I be back for more? Possibly! I do appreciate a place that makes fresh pasta, and fast service is always appealing after a long day. I think the "pasta lab" concept will come through more with their full menu, and I am definitely intrigued by that!
Gnocchis: very fresh and soft with fresh tomato sauce 

Porcini ravioli: generous in the mushroom fillings perfectly seasoned 

Butternut squash tortellini has smooth and perfectly seasoned fillings, again it has generous fillings 

If you want fresh pasta, this is a place to go.
This place is amazing! You get high quality food with the ability to customize every single part of the dish while also not breaking the bank. The only downside is the portions are a little small, but you can get the larger size (with a price bump). My friends and I went to celebrate an occasion before quarantine and the place is also very clean and staff is quick. I got the casarecce al pesto and it totally hit the spot, my friends got other dishes and we were all very happy. I haven't gotten the chance to order it to go during the pandemic but I'd imagine it'd be good!
Went tonight and had the Cacio E Pepe and it was very good.  I will definitely go back here soon and next time I will have the Lasagna.  I can't wait for them to have a few more items on their menu.  Extremely clean, smiles on all the employees faces and eager to help you with their system and how to order.  Please don't lose this touch!!!  It's great to see everyone so happy, friendly and eager to help. Love love love the pasta lab.  Welcome to Midtown...Looking forward to seeing you soon for round 2.
So glad I was able to enjoy some delicious pasta from DaMo during these crazy times! I placed an order online a few days in advance of when I knew I would want it for dinner and had an easy pickup experience at the restaurant.

We ordered two dishes to split - the Mezze Maniche Alla Norma (pasta with a tomato-based sauce, eggplant, and ricotta salata) and the Ravioli Ai Funghi (ravioli filled with champignon and porcini mushrooms, parmigiano, and ricotta with a walnut pecorino cream sauce). The Mezze Maniche Alla Norma was really tasty, but the clear winner was the Ravioli Ai Funghi. It was so flavorful and rich.

I will definitely be returning for some more delicious, made-from-scratch pasta.
Best cacio e pepe I have ever had. The tonnarelli is made fresh in-house every morning and you can actually taste the freshness. Not only is it perfectly al dente but the fresh quality leaves your tongue tingly after each bite. Dried pasta does NOT like this! I've also had cacio e pepe in the past where the sauce was so heavy that I grew tired of it halfway through the dish. Not here. The sauce is a perfect balance of pecorino romano and black pepper and just light enough that I am still thinking about it hours later. 

I see complaints about the price point. BS. For the quality of the food it is 100% justified. Do your tastebuds a favor and get some of this jawn ASAP.
I had heard good things about DaMò, but sadly I was not feeling the hype. It's location is great, the space is cozy enough, but the food didn't impress me. You order through a touch screen and can watch your pasta be made in the open kitchen. You can watch new pasta made in an adjacent room. The pasta itself was very good, cooked perfectly. The flavors were a little subtle, good, but nothing exciting. Even though we ordered the large portions we were both hungry after. I wish they had offered more vegetables on their menu as sides. It is BYOB, so bring a bottle along. Overall I felt that for the price ($40 for 2 pasta dishes and 1 water) it was a but much for what it was.
I am eating here now.  The portions are small find any local Italian restaurant and you will be better for it. Sorry this was a venture in fresh pasts bu I'm not seeing the value.
The restaurant is currently still in its soft opening, but I was content with their current options and opted for the bolognese. I liked how the pasta noodles were cooked, and how quickly it was put together. However I wasn't too impressed by the bolognese sauce. I thought the meat tasted like standard burger meat and it wasn't seasoned enough for my taste. I suppose it's not a bad option for those who need something quick to eat during a short lunch. But I am curious to see how the menu changes when they are officially opened.
I came here again because of course the food is so good. I got the Ragu bolognese again. The service was very quick and they are so kind as usual. I'm so happy that they are still open. At each self checkout station they have little finger gloves and sanitizers there so when you touch the screen there's a glove between your finger on the screen. I love that idea I wish other stores and restaurants implemented that. Please go here and support this restaurant!
After some drinks in the city, we stopped by DaMo before they closed for the evening.  The staff were helpful and we placed our orders on the kiosks.  Our food was soon brought out to us and it was a pretty solid offering.  

My cacio e pepe was tasty and I enjoyed the side of meatballs.  The Focaccia was fantastic.  We ordered a tiramisu, but couldn't eat it, so we took it home.   It was a bit watery the next day, but still had decent flavors.  I like the setup, but I just don't know if we'd ever be back.  I'm not opposed to it, but nothing that makes this seem like it should be a destination to me, rather than just being conveniently close by to where we were.
I've been wanting to go here for awhile, so we finally stopped by when we were at tinsel since it was right across the street. 

I like the concept! You go to a touch screen to place your order. I haven't seen pasta as like a fast food before, I like it. I like that you can create your own pasta or choose from one of the pasta options they give you. I was going to create my own pasta but then decided to go with one of their pastas instead because I didn't want to mess mine up. Sometimes when I try to create my own things like pizza or something the flavors end up not really going together or I put on too much. 

I got the cassarecce pasta with pesto, it was delicious! I think it might have been the best pesto sauce I've had. Sometimes when I get pesto it's either too salty, oily or garlicky. This sauce was a perfect blend and I loved the pine nuts as an added touch.  I think my pasta was even better than my husband's, and he usually orders the better food option than me. He got the Cacio e Pepe pasta, which was pretty good too. But I've had better cacio e Pepe at other restaurants. 

The only thing we were little disappointed with was our tiramisu was really watery on the bottom. I was also disappointed there wasn't any Alfredo sauce as an option or any fall pasta options when we were there. 

I'm glad we came and maybe we will stop by again if we are in the area.
Price: 4
Flavor: 5
Ambience: 3

Stopped here for a quick bite and was it good! I had the cacio e pepe (cheese and pepper). Wow! The flavor made you want another bowl. It was cheesy, comforting and delicious! I want them to open up one where I live.
This was an interesting place and I am always up for some good lasagna. A good lasagna defiantly reflects on the ability of a place.

Maybe it was just the batch they made or the piece I got, but the lasagna I got was pretty underwhelming.

Defiantly overdone, ruining the texture of the top layer. Other than that it was flavorful, but nothing special. I appreciate the balance of black pepper and didn't overpower the dish.

In conclusion, base on just that experience I can't say I would recommend this place base on the price, portion, and taste. Portion seems just a little bit lacking for the price and taste didn't make up for it.
Sooooooo good. I've now had their take out and cook at home pasta. So fresh and delicious. We ordered the Casarecce Al Pesto and the Cacio E Pepe. Loved both, 100% recommend to fulfill that pasta craving
I wasn't expecting to walk in and order from an iPad menu that I really didn't understand, but a few minutes of looking at the pictures and I ended up with an amazing bowl of pasta.  
The pasta was cooked perfectly.  The sauce was flavorful and not overpowering.  All in all I could not have asked for better. Note: I love spicy food so asked for the hot pepper olive oil...I assure you it's definitely spicy!!   
The atmosphere is different, but I liked it.  Fast and delicious!  Will definitely be back.
So I'm on call tonight, and the attending offers to buy my intern and I dinner. He said he wanted to check out this pasta place, and I'm not one to try out new places and for free meals. So walking in, this place is modern and bright. I was a little concerned at first since it was empty on a Friday night at prime dinner hour. Then again, who knows. Maybe there are a ton of online orders. I got the tagliatelle with ragu. You get to watch them cook it in real time. Service was ridiculously fast. In terms of taste, the pasta was al dente and tasted fresh. The sauce was flavorful and they did not skimp on meat. The price was comparable to a sit down restaurant. To be honest, I've been to some "authentic" restaurants, and DaMo has tasted better. It's a bit on the pricier side to eat daily, but I would definitely come back to try other items on the menu.
What a delicious fast casual Italian restaurant right downtown. I got a small (great portion size) byo pasta. Went halfsies gnocchi with ragu and the lasagna with my partner. We couldn't decide which we liked better. The lasagna with rich cheesy, the ragu was the perfect (go for the extra fresh basil add on). Can't wait to come back and try more!
This place just opened. We came to try it and are very impressed by the food. It is easily one of the best pasta places in town, no easy feat in town with many Italian restaurants. Our favorite is the Caprese Salad. The mozzarella cheese is so soft and fresh. The pasta has a great texture and the source is very flavorful. The only minor thing is that they use paper   containers. But we will definitely come back again and again.
This is a generous three stars only because the owners are kind and earnest and are trying an interesting concept. Was just in Florence where the most popular restaurant was called Pasta Lab so maybe it's a "thing". My gripe is if your going to offer only a few pastas and charge sit-down prices it better be amazing. We both had the cacio e pepe which should be pecorino and pepper with just enough past water to coat the noodles. Mine was soupy watery mess. The pasta itself was very good and cooked perfectly al dente. We also had the caprese salad which was....good and also $14. So for two pastas a salad and two waters its around $50 AND your eating out of a paper cup at one of the few tables/counter.  I hope they do well but not sure I'll be back
I admire this place because of it's convenience of being smack dab in the city without a long wait time. It's the type of place you come to if you want quality pasta without the wait. The proportions are just right for one person and you can choose from their signature dishes or you can create your own. They also have soups/cold dishes/desserts as well so you can have a three course meal in half the time compared to a sitting at a restaurant. The pasta was delicious, their spicy oil was actually spicy and the crew working was really sweet. Each dish comes out to $10+ depending on how much you add on. Attached some photos of the dishes we got and we'd all get them again.
Affordable, yummy, fast casual pasta. I usually order the casarecce al pesto and focaccia barese - both are great! I especially like the focaccia's cherry tomato topping. I've also tried the tonnarelli cacio e pepe and enjoyed it.

Looking forward to more pesto pasta and trying out some of the other plentiful vegetarian options.
I've been dying to try this place since I heard about it. The set up is nice. I initially thought this was your average restaurant, but was surprised to see that it's more of a fast food/restaurant fusion (which I like). With that said the prices could be a lil cheaper. It's not the end of the word, but I probably won't eat here often because of the price. I agree with the comments about the sauce being too acidic. Not sure if it would've been better the next day or what, but yea... I asked for extra cheese on the side (for a $1) and was shocked at the lil bit of cheese I got in a condiment container. Idk maybe I'm cheap, but I think it's kinda absurd for an Italian restaurant to charge for extra Parmesan lol...especially when the food itself isn't cheap. Also I asked the woman behind the counter what her favorite dish was and she gave me a generic "I love everything" answer. Now that may have been her living in her truth lol but I'm greedy and indecisive. I appreciate when workers have a favorite dish that they can suggest. I love food and enjoy talking about it and I'm not even a chef. When I ask a person that actually works in the food industry for a suggestion I expect a lil more than "its all good". It's not the end of the world this is just me being extra. Saying you like everything makes me assume that you're hiding something lol. I know they're a new place though so Ill probably give them another shot.
Saw this place walking down 12th street and stopped in with a friend of mine. The owners are very kind and genuine, and the gnocchi sorrent was to die for. Amazing food, it was not bland Americanized Italian food at all- it really is authentic Italian! 10/10 will recommend to all my friends!
Delicious!  I would highly recommend the pasta fredo or caprese salads for an absolutely delicious, filling and satisfying lunch. The gentleman at the counter was very helpful and accommodating and the salads were made to order and absolutely perfect. I can't wait to go back for another fredo - every forkful was "the perfect bite".
Delicious.   I made my own mixing the mezze maniche with the ragu Bologese.    You can tell the ingredients are fresh and the pasta is boiled to the perfect soft/hard consistency.    Definitely a win for philly cheap eats and quick dining.   

*one thing to note is that it is not located on the map where yelp tells you to go.  That's actually shake shack.   It is closer to Sansome corner and 12th.  

Worth the go!
damo! how i want to give you more love... i love the concept and the staff were so friendly and kind.  i ordered the cacio de pepe (L) and it was a lot of noodles lol the boring part was that it didn't come with anything else in the bowl... i suppose the delivery was supposed to be more traditional? but i'm just not used to it... my picky self needs different textures and flavors when dining.

if there's another chance, i would love to try something else.  they got something good going on and i hope it is here to stay!
The pasta was AMAZINGGGGG the staff was super friendly too, I wish there was a location in Connecticut!
Wandering the city without an agenda today, I got hungry for something that wasn't quite a big meal, but also wasn't a snack and/or fast food. That's when I walked by DaMò, and I thought I'd give it a try.

The small portion size is perfect for exactly what I was looking for. If you're hungry but not "big-meal" hungry, their small pasta size is perfect. And at under $13 for a hot bowl of tasty pasta with a pleasantly tasty bolognese sauce, I was very satisfied. 

Drinks are bottles from a self-serve fridge, and the atmosphere is slightly cafeteria style: order from a tablet, grab a small table by the window, enjoy the pop music on the radio. It's by no means pushing the Italian restaurant vibe - they refer to themselves as a "pasta lab" and that's actually a really good way to describe the atmosphere. 

All in all, if you're in the area adjacent to Washington Square West and looking for a quick but satisfying meal, check them out!
We ate our first meal at DaMò Pasta Lab last Saturday: one order of tonnarelli cacio e pepe and one order of casarrecce al pesto. Both dishes were delicious and extremely well executed. The pasta was perfectly cooked. 

No doubt there is real attention to quality and execution. I agreed with previous reviewers who described the place as being a cross between a " fast food " restaurant and a traditional restaurant in a sense that the dishes are prepared rapidly, the dining experience is casual but the food seems to be entirely prepared on site i.e. homemade.  This is also reflected on the prices, higher than a food chain but lower than a traditional restaurant. The limited number of seats indicates that take-out is encouraged although we were able to find seats by the window. 

Don't expect pasta dishes often served in traditional Italian-American restaurants, based on limited personal experience, they are very similar to the ones you eat in Italy. DaMò is a great and unique addition to the Philly food scene , in particular to the Washington West  neighborhood and that part of 12th street which has been under the radar for too long compared to the 13th street gourmet corridor.
Pretty good but nothing spectacular in my opinion.

The pastas are pretty solid, and I especially liked the pine nuts in the pesto pasta. But even for in person dining, it comes in plastic bowls and utensils. I had thought that since it's a pasta lab, we would be able to customize and perhaps the pasta in creative ways, but it's really just a regular list of options. 

For being just a bowl of pure carbs, and seems slightly steep for $13. I'm glad I checked it out but will admit that I wasn't blown away.
DaMò's Pasta Lab is a new restaurant that is currently in it's soft opening. They have an assortment of pastas available and you are able to make minor adjustments and/or additions to the dishes for a small price. I chose to have the gnocchi and the pasta itself was cooked well and I enjoyed the texture of the pasta. The problem that I had with the gnocchi was that the tomato sauce was too acidic for my taste. It tasted almost like pure tomato sauce and I feel that the dish could have benefitted from some additional seasonings. I also found the pasta dishes to be a little expensive for what you are getting. $10 for a regular size and $13 for a large. These prices aren't terrible for pasta but as the place is more like a quick serve pasta joint I thought they were a little steep. 

Ultimately I think DaMò's has some good potential and am excited to see how everything looks once they officially open their doors.
DaMó Pasta Lab is an awesome addition to Center City. The owners, Monica and Danilo were so kind. All of their pastas are made from scratch. We loved the layout of the Pasta Lab. There were glass windows so you can see the pasta being made to order as well as a view of the pasta and sauces being made from scratch. The quick and easy order screens allow you to see images and descriptions of each dish, so you know exactly what you're getting. It took them less than 5 minutes to get our 2 pasta dishes out. For only being 4 months old, we were highly impressed with the food, service & Pasta Lab itself! 

Their goal is to give their customers a glimpse of Italy and its pasta traditions, and they succeed! It was so hard to decide what to order, but we went with the classic Tonnarelli Cacio e Pepe, which was so creamy and delicious. We also tried the Casarecce al Pesto which was also delectable. The touch of basil, pine nuts & parmesan on top of the pasta really made the dish. (The pasta is cooked al dente, so if you prefer it to be softer, make sure you let them know!)

We plan on coming back very soon to try their other pasta dishes. Would definitely recommend for pasta lovers!
Fast-casual pasta restaurant with a hybrid service model. We ordered on kiosks, but they brought the food to our table. 

Two of the four dishes we ordered were very al dente and our favorite dish was the Lasagna.
It can be hard to find a place that serves quick and delicious food, but DaMò is a rarity! 

I went to DaMò several times during a recent trip to Philadelphia, and was consistently pleased. The pasta dishes are authentic and flavorful, and cooked perfectly al dente. 

While I was in town, they were in their soft opening phase, and I hear they will be expanding the menu and making some adjustments. I look forward to coming back and checking it out next time I'm in town!
Just moved to Philly today and needed some lunch delivered to our new apartment. We got the CACIO E PEPE and MEZZEMANICHE ALL'AMATRICIANA. Both arrived piping hot and with the pasta still al dente. Flavors fresh, punchy, and delicious. Great food, relatively affordable, and impressive delivery service. We'll definitely be ordering from here again!
DaMó Pasta Lab is an awesome addition to Center City. The owners, Monica and Danilo were so kind. All of their pastas are made from scratch. We loved the layout of the Pasta Lab. There were glass windows so you can see the pasta being made to order as well as a view of the pasta and sauces being made from scratch. The quick and easy order screens allow you to see images and descriptions of each dish, so you know exactly what you're getting. It took them less than 5 minutes to get our 2 pasta dishes out. For only being 4 months old, we were highly impressed with the food, service & Pasta Lab itself! 

Their goal is to give their customers a glimpse of Italy and its pasta traditions, and they succeed! It was so hard to decide what to order, but we went with the classic Tonnarelli Cacio e Pepe, which was so creamy and delicious. We also tried the Casarecce al Pesto which was also delectable. The touch of basil, pine nuts & parmesan on top of the pasta really made the dish. (The pasta is cooked al dente, so if you prefer it to be softer, make sure you let them know!)

We plan on coming back very soon to try their other pasta dishes. Would definitely recommend for pasta lovers!
We are at a hotel in Philadelphia and DaMo Pasta Lab came up and we were pleasantly surprised! The food arrived hot and tasty. We got the pasta bolognese and pesto pasta and they are delicious! The flavor of the pesto pasta is unique and the pine nuts set it off to perfection. The bolognese is delicious but I would have loved more sauce (wish I had thought of that)! Caprese salad was good too.
Really great pasta place. The caprese had some of the softest/freshest mozzarella I've ever had. Wish they served beer and wine!
Great fast casual pasta. The cacio e pepe was delicious. The arrabbiata had a good flavorful kick. Very tasty.
SO SO SO GOOD!!! I got the Ragu Bolognese.  Perfectly seasoned. Freshest pasta. I went back and got another bowl for lunch the next day. Amazing service. Highly recommend.
Best pasta I've ever had in my life! Try mezze pasta and caprese! Great location, very light and clean!
Clean, simple, tasty, homemade pasta, cooked al dente, reasonable price, delicious tiramisu!
My only suggestion to the restaurant would be substitute the plastic utensils by reusable/recicle ones.
Nah fam. The pasta here is a huge disappointment. I know good pasta. I eat a lot of it. I got the pomodoro and it was sharp and just not tasty. The pasta itself was hella bland. No one in my group was impressed with what they ordered. I believed the hype. But I left disappointed. I will not be back. Addio!
We are italian and I have to say, the pasta from this place is very similar to the authentic one!! Everyone loved it! Our favorite was the fettuccine with bolognese sauce, perfect!!! I don't make my own pasta, so I'm also excited for them to start selling the fresh parta by itself in the future!!!
Very good pasta done al dente just the way I like.  It was a touch pricy for what to you got, but still yummy!
The price is higher than what you'd expect walking in, however it might be worth the fresh hand-made pasta and high quality ingredients. They make and cook the pasta in front of you behind glass windows which is pretty cool. One thing I didn't like was that the food was served in paper bowls but i guess that's how they're trying to cut costs. It takes away from the high class feel of the food itself. The food was really tasty though. We got the Bolognese and the lasagna which both had tons of flavor and tasted very fresh. The mouthfeel of the Tagliatelle pasta (for the Bolognese) stood out. Would come here again, once in a while when I have a craving for fresh Italian pasta. Service and owner are very kind too! Best of luck to them and excited to see what other dishes they come up with.
This place has some of the best pasta ever! Everything is made to order - fresh pasta and sauce made once you order. Had the casarecce Al pesto (delicious) and the mezze manche pesto damo (excellent). Really good food at great prices. Clean fresh - all hand made on site.
Tried for the first time for lunch today and it was delicious! Pasta and gnocchi were both perfectly aldente and the sauces were tasty. Friendly folks running it too. We'll be back!
This was a very intriguing establishment. It's not something I've ever experienced before so I'd almost give it 4 stars for that- I've only been here once but I will let you know what I think once I've been back again. The pasta is good and flavorful, cooked the right amount with good seasoning, in an inventive setting a la Sweetgreen/Honeygrow. Curious!
Tried DaMo today with my four coworkers. We all loved our pasta dishes! The gnocchi with Genovese sauce, Parmigiano cheese and black pepper was fantastic!  The sauce was so good, after the cloud-like gnocchi was gone, I drank it like soup!

We also had the Tonnarelli Cacio E Pepe, where the melted Pecorino Romano cheese created an Alfredo-like sauce. Delicious.

Also demolished were the Casarecce Al Pomodoro and Ragu Bolognese.

Four happy ladies didn't speak during lunch, except to continually say, "This is so good, try more of mine!"

Can't wait to explore more of the menu!
I enjoy this eatery very much! I've been visiting once per week for the past 3 weeks, and I can see this continuing indefinitely lol. The restaurant is clean and lovely, the staff are very friendly and helpful, and the meal I keep coming back for cures my oh so often pasta/sauce/cheese craving. 

I always order the CASARECCE AL POMODORO with extra buffalo cheese. The regular size is perfect for my lunch break. It's piping hot, burns my tongue but that's no one's fault but my own. I simply have no patience when the food is placed in front of me lol.

I appreciate that this place exists, and maybe one day I'll give the pesto a try. But if it's not broken, I won't fix it! I'm sure everything is delicious here :)
We found this, thanks to Yelp, after visiting The National Constitutes Center. It was so good and I really hope they'll be hugely successful!  Walking in, we immediately noticed how good it smelled. We were greeted by friendly staff and one employee explained how the process works. My husband and I decided to share a large order of the Bolognese. The fresh pasta was delicious, as was the sauce. We also had a piece of focaccia bread. This was just ok; I think it would benefit from being served warm (tasted fine but as if it were sitting for a bit). The food comes out quickly. There's not much seating, so most people probably do go with takeout here (we ate in though). This was delicious. If I lived in Philadelphia, I could easily see this becoming a nice spot to pick up quick dinners.
Loved the cacio e pepe pasta i had. So good. Definitely coming back. Don't be fooled by their lack of traffic. They're relatively new.
An incredible addition to the neighborhood- this fast casual-inspired restaurant brings truly the highest quality ingredients and cooking to Philadelphia as crafted and created by kind and generous Italian owners that know their stuff when it comes to not only pasta but all of the accompaniments as well. During September they have had a three course introductory menu that we've eaten twice- starters of either top quality freshly sliced prosciutto with freshest melon, pasta e fagioli soup made to order with freshly boiled pasta, or a garden salad. Their pastas are proportioned but boiled and combined to order and come out perfectly balanced and portioned with amazing flavor. Desserts include creamy and decadent chocolate mousse and panna cotta, both worth savoring and worth buying on their own. Absolutely worth the price to either eat in watching them craft the next orders in the open kitchen and glass walled prep station or take out. The few extra dollars over other pastas is more than made up in quality. Soon to become a weekly treat!
Awesome place to grab some pasta to go the night before the Philly marathon.  The pasta is made to order. You can eat in (there are just a few tables) or get it to go. Fantastic al dente style pasta!  Really recommend!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. I usually get the gnocchi which is always fantastic and recently I tried the lasagna which was also amazing. This place has such high quality pasta and it's a great place to stop for lunch or dinner. I also like to order delivery off caviar and it's always very well packed.
The pasta was super hard and the lasagna was burnt and tasted like a burnt tired!!!  Awesome concept, bad execution!
Stooped in for a takeout order on my way to pick my wife up from work.

Gotta say I was totally impressed.  When my wife first told me about this place it sounded like a pasta version of Subway or Chipotle and I kind of brushes it off.  However, traffic was somehow light that day and I got there before my order was ready and I was shocked to see our meals being prepared by the owner himself paying close attention to the preparation.  The pasta looked incredibly fresh and the smell of the sauces were mouth watering.

We got the Prosciutto e Malone, Tagliatelle Al Ragu' Bolognese and Mezzemaniche alla genovese.

Even after riding home the food was still hot when we popped the lids off and the pasta was still perfectly cooked texture-wise.  I definately want to come back here soon to try the other pasta varieties.
First time ordering and probably the last.  2 stars for great  portion size and it stops there - Food was so loaded with salt that I could not begin to enjoy - Ordered 2 pasta dishes -  At first I thought maybe just the one dish -  Second was just as salty -  Spaghetti and MINI meatballs and when I say mini I mean no bigger than my thumb nail - also way too much sauce that the spaghetti was swimming.  Second pasta loaded with salt again and only a few bites.  Prices / portions OK but food needs help
I've never seen such a sad excuse for a $15 caprese salad. I could've made this in 2 minutes by chopping a tomato and a ball of mozzarella into fourths, then drowning it in olive oil. And then there was olive oil leaking out and all over the side of the container. I think this photo speaks for itself.
Great addition to Center City.  Restaurant quality pasta in a casual, quick setting or take it to go.
Got dinner here after work and it's just meh. Pasta as fast food is not a new concept, but this place is overpriced and the food is bland. You could get a plate of pasta at Olive Garden that tastes and costs the same price but it would be more food, so... buyer beware.
We found this place on Yelp during our visit to Philly. Within walking distance from our hotel, we stopped in for lunch. You can select from different pasta dishes or create your own. Our group had the lasagna, which had a delicious béchamel sauce and  taste reminiscent or moussaka. Two others had a tagliatelle pasta with a fabulous sauce that I cannot remember, but was very good. The team was friendly and the food came out quickly.
Food was good and fast. I liked being able to order on the screen. A bit pricey for a fast casual place and the portion size, but not too bad. For the price, you can go to a nice sit down restaurant nearby. Convenience is a plus.
Small place great for fast pasta. What an interesting concept! Not a lot of seating and not a lot of sauce choices. However, the pasta was very fresh, and a decent price for the amount that you get. Even if you are eating in, they serve you in paper containers which I thought was kind of strange. You can also watch them make the pasta in a window just beyond the counter which is kind of cool. Also, beware, it comes out very hot so give it time to cool before eating.
I was so excited when I stumbled upon this spot a few weeks ago. Immediately took me back to Trestevere in Rome, THAT'S how authentic this pasta is. The owners are very sweet and friendly and are willing to answer any questions. I had the Cacio e Pepe my first visit and was not disappointed. I love that you can order fresh pasta to go to bring home to cook on your own. My dad is a huge cook and when I brought home this fresh pasta he was so excited to try it. We went back together and tried their lasagna and I thought my dad was going to fall over he loved it so much. I really hope this place does well because it is definitely a spot that adds value to the area.
Good pasta and dessert. We went during the transition to full opening but again service is fast and excellent.

Go to place to have a pasta around center city.
You need this pasta in your life!! We've been ordering from DaMo almost every week since we discovered them. The casarecce al pesto is our favorite, but seriously everything they make is amazing. Plus delivery is crazy fast! Highly, highly recommend!
Pasta was delish and so was the tiramisu. Thank you for adjusting my pasta to be loso. I totally recommend for a quote and fresh pasta. Great staff nice place to go for fresh pasta.
This place has amazing homemade pasta. Ingredients are super fresh. The owners are also very friendly and supportive of the community. I have tried several different pastas and all of them are delicious. I work at a hospital down the street and they delivered pasta to us to support us in times of the corona virus.
We ordered from DaMo when looking for pasta delivery to UC. Surprisingly, there weren't too many options for delivery. The focacia bread was very yummy - good flavoring, heavy on the garlic (which I love).

Overall the portion sizes aren't in line with the prices - much too small. I got the lasagna which was good - heavy on the beef and light on the cheese which I appreciated since I'm lactose intolerant. My coworker had the spaghetti and meatballs - the noodles were fine but the "meatballs" were more like the size of the sausage toppings you would put on a pizza.
DaMo rules! Ordered from here on a whim in craving some "different" pasta take-out that wasn't too expensive. The focaccia bread was a bit dry, but otherwise everything else we ordered was awesome. The classic Caprese salad was a nice start to the meal. We then shared the Cacio e Pepe with truffle shavings on top and the Mezze Maniche alla Norma. The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente and both sauces were slammmmmin'. Great spot for a quick/cheap bite and decent portion sizes.
Go to place for quick  delicious pasta! I love this place! There are adequate tables for dining and ambience is great! Conveniently located at downtown Philadelphia with options of ordering online too! I love their great selection of pasta especially the bolognese! Great sauce with right amount of meat! I went here three times already and would still love to come back!
This review is for the lasagna. It has layers of fresh pasta with beschamel and ground beef in between instead of ricotta. It's pretty good.
Everything we ordered was awful. I'm not sure if it is because we ordered through DoorDash or if the food was just not particularly good that evening, but the ragu bolognese and cacio e pepe were both bad.
We are Italians living in Philly just for few months and this is our favourite spot for authentic pasta in town. So far we tried lasagna, cacio e pepe, genovese and gnocchi sorrentina and everything was just as our mothers would have made them. Also don't forget to start your meal with their Focaccia Barese and end it with their Tiramisù, we loved them! This is definitely the place where Italians feel at home
Incredibly nice owner and staff. We had a hard time finding a place to fit 14 runners for carbo-loading during the Marathon weekend. After learning about our situation, Dani, the owner, borrowed the space from the next door cafe to accommodate us.

Also, very importantly, the food was amazing, and the ambience was fantastic. Can't find a better place to enjoy authentic Italian pasta in Philadelphia.

If you are looking for a place that is run by kindness and in the meantime offers great food. This is the place.
Tried this place for a quick lunch after hearing such great things. Unfortunately I don't feel it lives up to the hype. Ordered the special tortellini with the pumpkin filling, while flavorful thirteen dollars for eight pieces served in a paper bowl usually used at self serve yogurt places seems way over priced. I can appreciate the quality of the ingredients and the fact that everything is handmade but the value isn't there for me.
The best Italian pasta in Philly. Exactly the same as in the better restaurants in Italy.
The pasta here is delicious and fresh. I am an Italian so I judge pasta pretty harshly.... Even the meatballs tasted homemade!! I think the owner might be Italian. I don't get serving everything in plastic, when you dine in. It is a quick service type of place and you order food on an iPad. They must produce a lot of plastic waste. Nonetheless the food was so good. Definitely would come here again. We got the pesto pasta, lasagna, and a side of meatballs. Really tasty and you can tell fresh ingredients were used.
This review is for the Tiramisu. Super friendly owners and made me feel welcomed.
Tiramisu is homemade with lady fingers soaked in coffee. I had mine to go and upon arriving home it was watery. It's pretty good and not overly sweet.
This place was such a great find and is so conveniently located. The fast-casual style makes this the perfect place to grab quick to-go orders or if you have little time to spare for lunch. The kiosks make it easy to order and build your own pasta, and you can watch as everything is prepared in front of you. And if you peak in the back, you can even watch them make their sauces!
I love to come here for a nice treat! The atmosphere is really nice and in a really convenient place. I love that you can customize make and pick your pasta combinations! Personally, I like the gnocchi with the bolognese! Its nice and meaty without being too much and the sauce taste fresh. The gnocchi is always perfectly cooked so it's never too mushy!
Ordered from here while in town for work. Got the Cacio E Pepe and it was pretty solid. Prices were very reasonable and the food was fresh and tasty. A very cool little place. Will definitely return.
Cute pasta spot with friendly staff. 

Was greeted by a staff member who inquired if we had been there before and then instructed us to use the machine to place our order. 

Using the machine was very easy. I wish there was a description next to each past dish for those who are not that familiar with the different pasta sauces.   I had to google each one to get a better idea of what I would be getting. I also wish there was more options to select from like, protein options, and other garnishments for the dishes.  

The set-up is very similar to honey grow. They prepare the food right in front of you.  You have the option of getting a to-go order or dining in, which is what we decided to do.  One of their staff members came and gave us cups of water as we waited.  It wasn't too long before we received our meals.  

The Cacio e Pepe was really good (I also favor Alfredo sauce). It's just cheese and pepper but very strong cheese. Good nonetheless. The pasta could've been cooked a bit longer for my liking, very à la dente.
So I have now been here twice and both times the food has been excellent. The pesto sauce is terrific and the pasta is the perfect balance of al dente. Service is quick and the food is cooked fresh for each meal. If you are looking for authentic, fresh, delicious Pasta quick you should definitely check this restaurant out.  With so much delicious food in Philly this is still a stand out!
After not being in philly for months due to covid, i was really glad to come back and see this gem of a place had survived!! When i worked in the city, i came here often for a quick meal. it's def meant for something quick or intimate with its limited seating but the fresh made pastas are so so good. i usually always get the pesto sauce with nuts and basil on top. there's a couple different pasta and sauce options and pretty vegetarian friendly!!
