What's with all the negative reviews? The food and service sucks? I wouldn't know. I only come here for the arcade/ redemption games with my kids whenever I'm in Philly and they always have a blast while I've never had a bad experience at any D&B regardless of location besides the Time Square one being overly crowded. They just recently renovated/ expanded the Winner's Circle (prize redemption center) and added tons of new, cool prizes, which every kid (and adult) would love like a Keurig coffee maker, Fitbit watch, Ninja blender, fun toys, plushes and gadgets. 

The arcade here is huge with plenty of fun, new, exclusive video games and redemption games for people of all ages to play. Best part is, the games aren't rigged and you actually win a good amount of tickets from each game and a lot of tickets if you win the bonuses. They also have bowling, billiards, a bar and a small eating area, which we don't care for but it's such a great place to have fun at with kids or friends (eat, drink and play). Not to mention, the staff are all very friendly and helpful and the customer service is great so I can't complain.
DO NOT EAT HERE! 

First, the games are okay. But it's not worth dealing with the food/bar.

My boyfriend, 3 year old, and I decided to eat so we sat down and my boyfriend got a beer. Apparently being 36 and having grey in your beard you need an ID. He laughed, he has never been carded let alone having an early dinner at 4PM on a Wednesday. No, the waitress was serious. "We card everyone". Really, not the last time. Whatever, we weren't walking to the car to get his license. 

We ordered the food and it came out cold. I got the Teriyaki Steak which was basically teriyaki with a little bit of steak. It looked like they spilled the bottle on the plate. Gross. My boyfriends food was dry, and cold. Mine was cold also which was amazing considering we were the only table the waitress had. She did have time to talk to her friends though. They stood next to us at the bar talking, laughing, etc while we didn't get a single refill on our drinks. We were glad to just leave at that point. Little did I know D&B wasn't done with me.

I had gotten soup with my steak and took it home because it was cold and I wasn't going to send anything back. Later on I ate the Chicken Tortilla soup and it was gross tasting. Rubbery chicken with tons of taco seasoning. Not even 45 minutes later I was puking my guts up. I ended up staying next to the toilet for the next day throwing up every half hour. 

Don't eat there.
God, the service here is awful! I come here begrudgingly all the time because of my husband's love for the franchise itself and we live 10 minutes away. We literally have a rule that we will not spend money on food or drinks because of the service. This has to be the worst out of the 3 in the Philadelphia area. I mean the staff here are miserable and so unfriendly. They don't even try to smile or make light conversationAnd it is the same on every occasion. Yesterday I sat at the bar (against my best judgement) for over 10 minutes waiting for the bartender to acknowledge my presence. Well, that never happened, despite her being a few feet from me. Not once did she stop her bar tasks to look at me or mutter a word. It was clearly the "I don't want to serve you because you are black and I think you won't tip me" action. The customers here are mostly black and latino while the servers are white and all act the same way. They don't even try to hide their disdain for people of color. Somehow its acceptable by the management as well because it's across the board.
Very disappointed at the bowling area of Dave & Busters.  I came here with the family right as it was opening up, expecting the Daytime rate of $15/hour.  The sign is very misleading as it says Daytime open - 5 pm.  But Sunday morning hours are consider part of their Prime time hours and charge $40/hour.  There were even multiple others that were under the same impression of Daytime hours while I was there.  Clearly, this is not the first occurrence.  Manager did not do anything but shrug.

Well we definitely won't be back.
WHERE TO BEGIN....
This was my first time at a Dave and Busters and I was not happy with the first part of my of my visit at all. We were told there would be a 45minute wait to eat in the practically empty dining room because at 5pm they only had ONE server. And they said that like this was normal operating for a big chain establishment attached to a huge mall. 

My mom and I headed over to the bar where three sets of two chairs were spaced out. After we sat and ordered drinks my aunt tried to join us and was admonished by the bartender who said she was not allowed to join us. The same rude bartender then told us we had to place a food order if we were drinking at the bar. He did not specify that when we sat down so I pushed back on it because my family wanted to eat together. We wound up taking up all six chairs at the bar and ordering appetizers while still waiting for a table and apparently more staff to arrive.

When we were eventually seated it was at two tables. We tried to push them together but again another employee said it was not allowed. Here's my thing with this. If we are a family we are clearly aware of each other's covid status and if we're separated from other people what difference would it make if we sat together? It just seemed stupid and unnecessary to keep forcing us apart. 

When our dinners finally arrived I was also utterly confused as to why I was given a real spoon and knife but a plastic fork?? What was the point in that. And if you didn't know it's rather hard to eat a steak with a plastic fork. Also, the description of my dish was supposed to have mushrooms and tomatoes and there were no tomatoes at all. All these things added up to a rather poor experience. The only thing that saved the evening was we had fun bowling.
This place is slightly on the expensive side for weekends. I rated it lower for service. The lady at counter at bowling alley misled is saying it was $15/hr for the lane while she knew very well it's $30/hr on sunday's. You don't have to do that. People are there and they will spend time as they please and in their budget.

The bowling alley is well kept and the ambience is great. Overall a great experience. I just don't like the dishonesty
Everyone has reviewed and rated the Dave and Buster's on Columbus Ave and never even mention the one in Franklin Mills by the Outlets. I NOW KNOW WHY.
This piece of craptastic monstrosity should be closed and reopened after a quick visit from an exorcist. This place needs to be rid of the ghost of crappy service and horrible wait times. I know I know, you guys are saying Don't be Cruel(BB 88) BUT even the most exclusive places don't have a 2 hour wait period...FOR EVERYTHING. Not only was it 2 hours to get a table but 2 hours to get some food(which was cold by the way) and 2 hours to get a bowling lane. You would have to kiss my ass for 2 hours to get me back there.
You know, they have Something In Common(BB 93) with a colonoscopy exam.  There would have to definitely be something wrong with me to go to either one(and the obvious one...their service was,ummmm you get the point)
My experience here is hit or miss, depending on what area of the facility you're in.  The key to having a good time here is to go during non-peak hours.

Service in the sit-down eating area - hit or miss, leaning towards hit.  Sometimes we get friendly, attentive service.  Other times, deplorable.  It all depends on the server and how busy the place is.  Food is solid.  I especially like the nachos.

They have good pool tables.  Again, service around the pool tables is hit or miss.  Pricing for pool table use is acceptable during non-peak hours.  

Arcade area and bowling area are standard D&B style.  There's sometimes a really long wait for bowling.  But there's enough other stuff to do in the meanwhile, if you're that set on bowling during peak hours.
We also went to Dave and Busters and i really had a good time and i like this Dave and Busters better since its big and it has a bowling aliey but the one on Delaware Ave doesnt have one ( which sucks) I love the food there and the drinks were sort of expensive and we didnt really get the chance to play bowling but we played some games including skewball and racing and even B-ball haha. The next time i go back i would like to play Pool LOL. The parking isnt bad either, we got close parking, I believe after 10pm you have to be 25 and older to come in, I know when we got there around 9 pm they asked for our IDS and say if your under 21 show ID but they were salty LOL.
The good----
*Food was delicious

The bad----
*Horrible customer service
*Place was dirty (bathrooms/eating area/bowling alley/arcade area)
*Took over an hour to get our food once ordered
*Fly was found in my friends drink
*Friends cup of water had random specs of something in it. Also, there was lipstick on the top of the glass (was not properly - or worse - not washed)
*Watered down drinks (my friends alcoholic drink was mostly sugar - my Dr. Pepper tasted like incredibly watered down Dr. Pepper)
*Arcade Games - majority of them were ticket games (play to win tickets; get a prize). Many of the entertainment games were not working properly or out of orders
*Bowling Alley - hour for bowling costs the party $40. Not bad since it includes shoe rental. Machine consistently broke/jammed; we barely got one full game in and they still charged us full price. 

From all the good things that was said about the place, I was expecting a different experience. Sadly, this was my first and last visit to any of these establishment. 

During our stay, we were not the only ones that were making remarks/called for a supervisor/manager. 
If they care this little for the business, than they don't deserve anyones support and should close down. 

Go elsewhere - money will be better spent
If I walk into a men's room with twenty stalls and at least seventeen of them are currently clogged by fecal matter in various states of decomposition, I'm not about to risk Ebola or any viral equivalent drinking from their barware or eating anything that comes out of the kitchen. Rule Number One in any establishment aspiring to mediocrity is dealing with Number Two in an expeditious and sanitary manner. Disgusting. Fix it.

(I do not post pictures, so I'll leave this mess to your imagination.)
Horrible place, horrible service, dirty. We came in, for 30 minutes weren't even seen my waitress, I had to go to front desk and tell them. She finally came, horrible attitude, kept rushing us with all the orders. Food came fairly quickly and when we were done, same thing, she was no where to be found. Tables were filthy when we sat down and it is just a horrible location that doesn't deserve to have business. If I could give this 0 stars I would.
For a place that is supposed to be Chuckie Cheese for adults there were too many kids running around the midway.  Now I know you want to have a nice night out with your "baby mama", but it would be cheaper for you to hire a babysitter for the night than take your future juvi offenders to D&B. 11pm on a Saturday night is when your 7 year old is supposed to be in bed. 

Also good luck and getting to play the basketballs games. The only place where there wasn't a huge line to play was the trivia game (now there's a shocker).  But to see how people were spending their welfare money at this place started me thinking that I should open one of these in Newark and Camden and rake in the dough.

The place was over crowded, and over priced.  Would never come back to this D&B again. I'd rather drive the extra 30 miles and goto the one in Penn's Landing.
Terrible. As my family and I entered the establishment, there was no one at the desk, not a host in sight until about 5 minutes after we arrived. We were then finally told where the bowling was. We headed back to the completely DEAD bowling area. Lights and TVs everywhere but only a few souls in sight on a holiday weekend. Not to mention, we had to ASK for someone to come to the desk and take our shoe size and get our photo ID. Where are the attendants? Where was the waitress to greet us? 

The ambiance is kind of cool, but nothing different from any other bowling alley really. In fact, the lane malfunctioned at least once and our bowling balls always got stuck in the ball return. It wasn't a major issue, but a nuisance nonetheless. We always had to reach down a little to grab it out, as opposed to it popping right out. The overhead TV above us also didn't appear to work. Bummer.

The food prices were too high for us, so most of us saved our cash for the Golden Corral up the way. Somebody ordered fries and they were just bland and not even hot. So-so, especially for $3.00 plus. Eventually a few people trickled in and were served by the sole waitress in sight, but it wouldn't have been worth it for our crew.

I would not recommend this place to anyone who wants to bowl or have fun, or eat well. So in short, don't even bother going.
I actually like this place much better than the one on Columbus. Its much bigger so it doesnt feel as crowded. The bowling area could use some help, the sound system sucks. They could use a new DJ and a better system. Newer songs would be nice too. 

I think this place has many more games especially my favorite, trivia. I wish they would remove kids after 8:00 like they are supposed to but they dont. They barely card anyone on the way in anymore. 

The bar is great. Expensive though. The Lava Flow is my favorite drink here.
I wished I would have read the reviews before coming here.  The service was bad. Our server acted like we did not exist. My group never received or was asked if we wanted refills. Our food arrived later than most other tables, and it was cold. No apologies were given for the tardiness.  They brought us "fresh" (read: microwaved) replacements. Suffice to say, I will never return to this establishment.  Ever.
Horrible is the only thing I have to say about this place.

 For starters, it was absolutely freezing all night as if they had the AC on. The drinks had little to no alcohol in them especially for the prices they charge for "mixed" drinks. If you're planning on getting a good buzz off them, don't waste your time, you're better off just getting the drink straight or from shots or a beer (if they can pour one correctly). 

The food tastes disgusting, I'd rather eat my own sh*t to be honest because it made me feel sick, I believe it may have been a combination of the super-sugary-little-to-no-alcohol drinks and the food, but who knows. The bartender in the arcade area is an absolute joke, the man is completely rude and disrespectful. I sat down with my lady who's birthday it was that day and the first thing out of that piece of sh*ts mouth was and I quote (with a nasty attitude and tone), "What do you want?! Are ya gettin anythang?!". I looked at him with the blankest stare and just got up and walked right on outta there.

Yeeeeeeaaaah NO THANKS, will not be coming back here until they get new management, new staff and a complete overhaul. What a joke of a restaurant. Bar Rescue probably can't save this place. What a shame.
Thank you Jennifer !!  I too, will never return, especially with my young son. I was actually very concerned about the safety of myself & my young toddler,but also the actual safety of all others'. I went in that "hole" around 3:00 p.m. & while having a good time with my son, &, as the time went by very fast,& when I turned around, it was about 7:00 P.M. I could've died. We left quicker than the first of the month.
I wish I could give it NO stars. Service was horrible. Our server was Jennifer. She was totally frazzled and we tried not to pay it much mind. But when we waited an hour for our food and the party that came after us was eating before us, I knew it was going to be an issue. We ate planning on playing games, so we ordered the eat and play combos. Well. What NO ONE decided to tell us is that the system was down that loads the power cards. Needless to say, we were pissed. Jennifer have us some discount cards where if we spent 20 bucks, we would get 20 off and hurried off to charge our cards. Well, as soon as I saw a manager, I called him over AND HE IGNORED ME. I found out later that his name was Eric. Well, he said he took 20 bucks off of our bill and canceled the previous transaction. Nope. He charged me twice and not only that, they didn't separate the checks properly. I was charged for two cranberry juices, we only drank one. I was also charged for the other parties kids drink. I mean, come on!!! I found out later that the system crashed shortly before we got there so they had plenty of time to notify us of the issue but chose not to. Honestly, I used to come here a lot years ago, but they will not get my business ever again if this is what I have to look forward to. I could've done without the discount cards and the 20 bucks off of the bill if I just would've had someone competent enough to be thoughtful and polite. Never, ever, ever again. I will be calling corporate because as a person who has worked in the service industry, my experience was unacceptable.
First of all this Dave's & Buster's needs to be renovated. Omg.. run down! I see why they give you the option to pay after ordering or pay as you eat. Never pay first with tip. That's what we did. Nice tip was letter too. While we bowled, no drinks we're served. Our food came, he asked we're we eating by the alley or at the tables we chose the alley, however when we moved to the table we we're told by our waitress that we had to go back 6 ft. to the alley to eat and that they are separate venues.Our waitress was nice but was not properly trained. And after taking the order didn't give a fuck. That's why she offered the option to pay first or as you go. Once you pay first they will not give you that undivided attention like you're not important.The food was luke warm when it came out and still no drinks and no silverware. Had to chase down rose to see wth is going on. Oh she's hanging out at the the bar with the rest of the crew, which their are about seven. Damn never again. This place sucks! It's not worth it!
I'm the founder of a local social group and we have been coming to this Dave & Busters for 11 years. Other BBW groups such as mine have been coming to D&B for over 20 years even back when this was called Jilly's. I have brought within the last 2 years parties of 25-30 people. This past saturday night there was a threat of icy roads and basically my group didnt show up to this event. Turnout was very low. The manager assitant Eric basically treated us very bad. everytime he came into our room he gave us dirty looks. Also he read us our contract and since we are a non-profit group he waived the room rental fee. We have never had to pay a room rental fee. At the end almost to punish us he tried to get $150 out of us even though the contract said no room rental fee. Our meals came out cold. We had to send back our ribs. We ordered a full rack of ribs and were served a half rack.. 6 ribs is not a full rack. He messed up our bill several times before he made it right. Our waitress Jesse was very nice. Its the assitant manager Eric that really messed up our time there. Very upsetting
Let's see we are starting at one star (indifferent to request for a table...just says it's over two hours and was surprised when I said ok.    We stayed because the front desk person was very cool and offered the military appreciation discount (20%}
Over a hour later we are seated. One hour after that we have our drinks but no food.  The music is so loud in the dining area you can't hear the person next to you.  You can however hear the other tables screaming just to be heard.  Seriously I have been to discos in NYC that have not been this loud.
I am sitting at the table both the cheers because the food is taking so long and we cannot even have a conversation. I would have waited to finish the review after we have had the food at this point that may never happen. I'm going to go ahead and send this in the event we die of starvation and I never heard of again.  My fear is even if I cry for help nobody can hear me.  Save yourself it's the bubblegum machines on the exit near the mall it's faster more nutritious and quieter.
Worst place ever. Waited 15 min. To get seated. Another 15min. until a waitress came to take the order. An hour wait with the occasional "your food will be right out". Some of the food came, the other "got lost" and had to be made new. The food that came out was dry. Seriously, you don't even manage to bring out fries in time? Any appetizer to bridge the waiting time would have been nice. Or just be frank and tell us that you can't take anymore orders, that you want to close the kitchen. An apology after 90min. total waiting time just doesn't cut it. Oh, you cover the bill? For food that didn't even come out? That's just ridiculous. Honestly, I have never ever experienced such bad customer service. If I had the option to leave no stars I would.
So first I know you don't go to D&B for the food BUT they should have it in them to serve fresh lettuce, I won't get into the old chicken party thingy. Server was nice I wanted to complain but she only visited our table 3 times. Drinks and Food order done at the same time, deliver the food and then deliver our check that I had to wave her down for. I wrote a note on the receipt hoping while my niece and I played games she would acknowledge my issue. My note on the receipt not only mentioned the salad issue but gave them a heads up that they will see me on yelp but no one came over.  Sum it up; never again.  #D&B #daveandbusters
After finish shopping at the mall, me and hubby decided we will have a little fun at D&B. Adding values to our game card is simple and easy by the self serve machines.

Hubby instantly fall in love with the racing games and the shooting games. He tried all of those games once, and still couldn't get enough of it lol. While me and my princess enjoy the kiddie games.  

We've spent a few hours there, and since is getting very late, we decided to leave.
Mary at the front desk is extremely rude. Both when we got there and when we left she was unprofessional and rude to all the guests that she checked in.   Very slow service for drinks while playing pool.  It was over an hour before we could find anyone to order drinks from.
God you are so not classy, Dave & Buster's... but how I love you in spite of your flaws.

Gamesgamesgames. That's what I'm here for folks. The staff on the games floor is always helpful if something breaks. But after that, there's not much to talk about.

The food is usually okay - some of their salads are really good. Otherwise, it feels a bit greased out. I haven't had a real meal here in a while because I don't feel its worth the value. The bathrooms are gross and terrifying - the stuff of settings for violent attacks in a Hollywood movie, the bathrooms have THAT much nasty character.

The bar in the gameroom is a joke - you canot get served,you can't get a refill, and then you can't pay your tab! Bartenders here almost willfully ignore you. It gets old -- so I come to D&B's with a coupon (or 3) for free gameplay, get employees at various points throughout the joint to activate them on my card - have me some fun shooting zombies, ski ball & big game animals,hit some vintage games & other entertainments then get the heck outta dodge.
We went here over the weekend for my friend's birthday and the employees were rude and the place was filthy. The women's bathroom was the grossest bathroom I have ever been in. There was clogged toilets and paper everywhere and only soap in one dispenser. I decided to hold it until I made it 30 mins home then using the filthy bathrooms. The bar tender by the bowling ally was incredibly rude. She either ignored you or gave you major attitude if you ordered anything that required her to mix it. Our waitress for our party was super overwhelmed and panicked when we ordered 4 appetizers. We had a party of about 10 and we had to reassure her that we had time and that she could take her time getting her food. Eventually the food appeared and it was fine but overpriced for what it was. The bowling alley was filthy with seats that were ripping away from the wall. The bowling balls do not get replaced by the employees to the common shelf after people are done so there are very little to choose from or you have to go hunting for a ball. Definitely will not return.
This place has gone significantly downhill since it was purchased. It is expensive for what you get. I feel like the bowling prices have increased and the person behind the counter of the alley is never to sociable. There is no bowling ball rack and not enough bowling balls to choose from on the lane. 
The games are priced kinda fair towards the higher side I guess, but they are always the same boring games. All of the games that people actually do want to play are always tied up. As an adult I don't play games for the tickets, I play them for the excitement, but the game play on most of the head to head competitive video games is not fun at all. Get rid of the current fast and furious one, the motorcycle one, and a few others. Bring back the snowboarding and dancing revolution games. The only thing worth going for is the food, pool and shuffle board. I'm not sure what type of crowd they are trying to attract but it needs to make some changes.
If I could give a negative star, I would.  Third attempt at this restaurant with my children.  50 minute wait for appetizer (taste terrible)...another 20 for poor tasting, mass produced food. 

Do not waste your time.
Awful place.   Been going here since it opened.   My kids are now into it.   We won't go again.  It's incredibly over priced.   Run by teenagers who have zero manners.   Service is pathetic all around.  Food is ok at best.  Bartenders are the worst I've ever encounter and I've been to a thousand bars over the years.  And the place is dirty.    Complete waste of a couple hundred dollars each visit.   Complete waste
Walked in with my wife and two kids.  My brother and his two kids were on their way.   Party of 6 with a high chair.   They wouldn't give us a low table but kept trying to seat us at high tables where the babies head would be lower than the table.

Walked out as they obviously didn't want to seat us comfortably.   
#lazythinkers
Skip the restaurant. If i could give zero stars i would. Went for lunch yesterday. Only about 6 tables full. Seemed to have adequate staff. The service was just so bad. We waited 10 mins for someone to come over and ask for our drink order. A diet coke and a water. 15 mins later we got those. Then ordered a burger and steak salad. Seriously took forever. 30 mins maybe?  No ketchup. No one around to get ketchup. Had to hunt ketchup down. Nothing from our waitress during the entire meal. No check to see if we got what we needed. Nothing.we waited so long that by the time we finally got our check paid There was no time for games. Wth?  There was no manager in sight. In fact when I asked for a manager at the end I waited 10 mins and gave up. The wait staff won't make eye contact. They go to a table and run away after.  This place needs to have corporate shake it up. Unbelievable. Shameful. Don't go there. You are just telling them it's ok to take your money. They don't have to earn it.
This place is the worse!!! Me and my party had to sit for 45mins just for drinks. Then there was a 2hr wait for the food that wasn't even worth a damn. Never again
Horrible customer service. The employee at the ticket counter emptied our tickets without storing them into our card. She claims she saw about 700-800 on the screen when in fact there were at least 2,000 tickets. She only claimed a random number because she knows that she was careless and had to make up a number for her manager so she wouldn't look so incapable. She never even looked at the screen! Because of her claim, the manager acted as if I was a liar and that DB was cheated out of tickets. PLEASE! The prizes are crap and if I really wanted them, I would go to Walmart and buy whatever crap they have.  If they had some math logic, it's almost impossible to win only 700 tickets with 179 points since it was half off games Wednesday, unless you had the worst luck ever. No one apologized for their mistake and acted like they did us a favor by giving us 2,200 tickets, even though that amount  was around what we have earned. We come because we like to play, not because of the stupid tickets. If they were truly apologetic and did not give me an attitude, I wouldn't have even argued about the number of tickets. Felt totally disrespected and made to look like an annoying customer when in fact your employee lied and made up some bull to cover up her laziness. Never coming back!
I actually had a pretty great time playing games and was surprised by how good the food was, but the two star review heavily reflects how rude the bartender was by the bowling. It was very clear that he was in a bad mood--he was annoyed that we wanted to order food, and my friends had to wait like 10 minutes before being served a drink. Really? Get over yourself. You're not even busy, so don't use that as an excuse. And I'm subtracting stars because there was clearly puke in the bathroom sink. 

I had a side of mac 'n' cheese, which was pretty delicious, and the games were fun. I'm not going to make a point to come back here, though. The cleanliness and service far outweigh the fun (and fun can be had many other places around Philadelphia).
Always a fun time here. Expensive, yet very very fun. I tend to come Wednesday because they have half off games. Even with half off games it's expenseive. Lol. But, they have lots and lots of it. If you do come Wednesday, do expect it to be extremely crowded. Oh, and expect a few squatters at some games....UGH!! There's this guy that comes and pulls up a chair at this one game. So many kids wanted to play it, but he just sat and sat and sat trying to win 1000 tickets. Dude...haven't your parents taught you to share???

Food...not so much. Some things are good, but most are just BAD. the loaded nachos - where the F is the loaded part?? We got nachos with a few measly pieces of meat. They didn't even give us salsa. Fried foods comes out beyond greasy. I could dab it with tons of napkins and it'll still be greasy. It's like it was fried, left out, and refried again. Just skip the food and play the games.
Came here to bowl with my son. Had a hard time finding an employee in the alley. Lane jammed up, bumpers for my son didn't work. Had to go search for a manager. An to make matters worse there was barley anybody in here. I will not be returning.
Husband and I love Dave and Busters.  We've been going there a lot lately since having our baby with no issues, well no issues until tonight.  Tonight was just downright annoying.  My husband is military and thanks to Dave and Busters he gets a 20% discount off of food and play.  We're beyond grateful for that by the way, so thank you Dave and Busters.  Anyway, there was this one lady working the cash register by the entrance.  Never caught her name because she wasn't wearing a nametag.  She was on the taller side, chunky, with blond hair pulled into a messy bun and wearing a headband.  Anyway she had to wait for the manager to put the code in, meanwhile the line behind us was getting a little bit longer.  Like two more customers longer.  I guess she called for help on the radio and no one showed up for like 5 minutes.  When help did arrive she called her co-worker out in front of everyone.  Her exact words "You have your radio on you, right?" Her co-worker said yes.  She then said "So you heard me twice and ignored me." Man, who put her panties in a twist? I get it.  You hate your job and people in general, but if you're having an issue with someone you work with you handle it in private.  Guess no one taught her that.  Then, when my husband went up to reload his playcard, she tried telling him that you only get the discount one time per card.  Well that was news to him considering he's been getting discounts per reload since we've been coming here and other Dave and Busters around the area.  Luckily he had a different card in his wallet.  Good thing too because it certainly wiped that hideous smirk off of her face. On top of that she spoke to another customer in a matter of fact way.  He needed to return his rack from the pool table and she looked at him and was like "You need to see her if you want to cash out." Whoa!  Slow your many rolls lady.  I don't know who she was or why she was like this, but it was very unprofessional.  Maybe she should join the Marines to learn a little discipline.  I can certainly set her up with the recruiter in the district.  Just saying.  Overall we still like Dave and Busters, but we could certainly do without her.
The bathrooms are absolutely FILTHY. I've seen 4th world remote village bathrooms that are way cleaner. Disgusting.
Restaurant service is awful.  From the girl who sat us saying they only had the small table when the place was empty and refused to give us a booth to the sloppy waitresses who are a mess and all seem to have a crappy attitude.   Food was not good at all for price, arcade is fun but crowded being a weekend.
This was an outing for two families on a very hot day. I liked that they had water available in the lobby for customers coming in. 
This is what it is supposed to be a place to go and play games of various kinds. 
The kids were sent off to play video games and the adults played pool. 
The kids burned there cards up pretty quickly. And disrupted the pool. 
We then decided to go bowling and eat as we did. 
The lane we chose was messy in the sitting area. It needed to be cleaned better. I could say the same about the men's bathroom.
The bowling was excellent and fun.
The food took a long time to come out. We figured it took so long because you rent the lanes per hour. 
The food I ordered was decent, not great. The drink stole the show because it had glowing ice in it. 
We had fun and that is why you go to this place. Service and cleanliness can improve at this location.
Terrible experience. Told us the wait would be 1 to 1 1/2 hours. We waited over two hours and they told us "sorry, our kitchen crashed an hour ago and we haven't seated anyone for the past hour." How about telling people? They had our cellphone number to notify us but they didn't.
We used to go here a lot. The staff is always courteous. The food is excellent, sometimes the service for food is a little slow. But overall a very good place to take kids or go on a date. The prices are a little expensive for the games and food but it's a fun time. It's crowded in the weekends but during the week it's a good place to visit.
Horrible service. Slowest people ever. Worse than the time Cracker Barrel never served us. I can't believe it. The food runners were the rudest ever and the shrimp in the Alfredo looked raw. When ever you asked the food runners a question they would just stare at you. Absolutely no help.
Came here 3 days in a row for a long weekend. On our last day my son lost his card and the manager Stephanie stepped in and saved the day. She was able to recover his tickets and all was good.  Clean facility and a very safe environment. A very good way to spend time with family. Will come back soon primarily because of the very nice thing that was done by the manager.
Asked waiter what was their strongest drink they said walking the plank so I ordered it. It was so weak & cost $10. Ordered shrimp & chicken alfredo was so bland for $16 I wont be back. Unless its only to play games
I went to Dave & Buster's on a Wednesday with my boyfriend and we had a decent time. I noticed there were many children who were eating and playing games without washing or wiping their hands. They should really put out hand sanitizing wipes because when I was playing Time Crisis the light gun felt very greasy and it was uncomfortable to play. When I walked into the restroom there was a ghastly smell hitting my face. I truly hope the people working there would put more thought in sanitary conditions.

I believe it is best to visit this place on a Wednesday because of the 1/2 price games.

There is also the happy hour: 
Sun-Thurs 8pm-10pm & Thurs-Fri 5pm-7pm
1/2 Price Cocktails
Beer & Wine Specials

Well I'll only return if my boyfriend or friends wants to come out and play.
My husband and I took my daughter here to show her the games. It was a cold rainy day and we couldn't really think of any place close to take her that was indoors. The games were fine and fun. What took me by surprise and turned me off was when I say a server bringing food out and before he turned the corner to where he was in view of the tables he was picking food off the plates and eating it. I mean really!!! Not sure if I'll ever eat there. It's a shame too because the food looked good:
This location is currently undergoing a "renovation"; they really need to update the men's bathroom. It is absolutely disgusting and makes me never want to go back. Don't know how they haven't done anything about this.
Dave & Buster's Grand sports what!? Not a big fan of this location / spinoff. It just doesn't feel like a D&B until you hit the game room... And even then, something is missing?? Bring back the tacos... Or else! ;)
Recently went here for a birthday. The service was very poor and staff was extremely rude. The bartender gave an attitude whenever we went up to the bar and never received a waiter in the bowling section. Some of the games did not work but took points off balance on card - overall I probably wont go back.
First off, we started out at dinner. The waiter seemed annoyed that we were waiting for 2 others in our party. But we ordered our drinks and waited. Then we found out the Eat and Play menu doesn't apply after 5PM on Fridays (it was 7 at this point) and the wording on it was so tiny that we could barely read it. But whatever.

Our party gets there and our waiter wanders back to take our orders. I had the apple pecan salad and shrimp platter (fried shrimp and fries). I ordered extra dressing on the side and the shrimp grilled, not fried. The guy told me it would be extra and then he comes back later (about 15 min later) and asked me to order the mango grilled platter instead and substitutes the fries and forgot the extra dressing for my salad (his excuse "I think they put it right on the salad already.")

Plus it took about 2+ hours to get through our meal since our waiter was obviously lacking in service. He brought our salads and entrees out at the same time after about 30 minutes wait (who does that?) and our fondue platter came out about 20 minutes or so after we asked for it again (we had ordered it at the beginning of the meal) and we had to wait for it to warm up, plus there was very little chocolate in there compared to the amount of stuff to dip it into.

The game room wasn't much better. The games don't work or are missing pieces. We tried 3 different shooting games and the calibration was off on two of them, making the target either shake or not shoot onscreen at all. The bowling was an hour wait even though there were empty lanes on the end not being used.

Spend your money at the Plymouth Meeting location; everything actually works and the service is pretty good. This one should be shut down for an attitude adjustment.
The games are kinda pricey.  I visited on a Wednesday evening and thought I had a deal with coupon but of course they got me on the fine print.  They were running another promotion which superceded the coupon I had and could not be overruled.  As far as the games are concerned, there was a good selection of games to play.  Understandably there are some games that are out of order but on the nights I've been, to this location, the number of games in service was ample.  The only game that I didn't get to try was the big knockout game where you and another buddy get to control giant sized robots like the mini table top game.

The food service is kinda lackluster on the weekdays which is odd.  On one occasion I visited with a group of 11 and seemed to encounter push back from the staff when we needed to push some tables together.  Given that it wasn't super busy, that was really odd.  

The food is decent, it's not the reason why you go to Dave and Buster's so it is what it is, some thing to keep you from starving while you play your games.  I'd definitely eat if possible before coming to Dave and Busters in the future.

I do question the cleanliness as the tables and seats were really in need of a good cleaning.  I also saw a few other things that made me question the cleanliness elsewhere as well which I do hope is not the norm.

Overall, its a great place to enjoy some arcade games.
Drinks are high if u drink alcohol.  My suggestion bring liquor n ur purse.  Dark & fun
Very poor service. Manager Brian was nice but our waitress was very slow. Waited forever for food, drink refills, and not to mention oil soaked chicken in my ceasar salad, my daughter chicken finger were overcooked and dry, my son's hotdog role were not even fully cooked all doughy. And  the check has been at the table for 10 mins n she hasn't come to take it so we could pay. We had to flag her down. Pitiful and we are supposed to tip because they are servicing us. We'll guess what that blows if your performance sucks then your tips should be based off that.
First time here( dining area ) Came here for dinner with the kids on a Saturday night around 8. I was surprise it wasn't packed which was a good thing. Especially for a Saturday night. Service was excellent food came out pretty fast. I had ordered the pasta with the sirloin  steak on top steak was pretty good the pasta could have used more seasoning or sauce to it but overall it was great. After we paid our bill we headed over to the game room where the kids played for about an hour. It wasn't bad for a Saturday night.
I gave this place 3 stars because it never fails to be fun and it's a one stop shop especially for kids. The food is good. Not great but def good for a night out. The price is decent as well. They have a good rewards program and you get several coupons if you join. My nephew had a birthday party catered here and it was a big success (a little pricey but worth it). The service is always good when I eat here even the manager usually comes by to ask you if everything is going well. Games are fair. If you want a fun one stop shop for kids or a younger type date this is a good spot.
Was pretty impressed with the atmosphere of Dave and Busters. Very family friendly place with tons of games designed to fit everyone's taste, they have everything from classic arcade games, games that are phone app inspired, skee ball, basket ball, a life sized rockem sockem robots, and my personal favorites: Jurassic park, time crisis, and the walking dead. You could even playing bowling or a game of pool. There is a bar conveniently in the middle making it a great for anyone 21 and older.

Only down side that I have noticed is that it can be expensive, the wait for getting food is long when busy, we had to wait a long time just to get one of the workers to say hello to us when trying to get food.

Overall it is a fun experience that I would recommend to anyone looking for something fun to do.
Terrible service - about 15 completely open tables, told there would be an hour wait because the kitchen was backed up. There were maybe 25 people total in the restaurant. Terrible management and can't be bothered staff.
Me and a few girlfriends went to a paint night here the other night.  Everybody was packed into tables like sardines, you could barely move your arm to paint, if you wanted something to eat or drink you were screwed because there was no place to sit it that's how many people they jammed into these tables. We did order a few appetizers however for the break and sat them at the back table, had we not we wouldn't have been missing anything anyway the food was absolutely disgusting. I mean we were expecting a five-star meal but the chicken quesadillas, Buffalo bites, and some grilled cheese type thing were absolutely horrible, we couldn't even eat it. The instructor that did the paint night was no good at it either, it was an epic fail, we won't be back
I came here for my daughters birthday and this has been thee worst place to visit  they don't have a enough room to sit and they closed off a area that provided more seating area and made it into a area to store dishes half of my party lucked up on a booth and my husband and i where left standing the waitress came over and asked did i want to order i said no because we have no where to sit she say well this is all i can offer you ....  which was nothing at all !! This place is horrible i won't be back the service sucks !!!
The food services is really terrible and if you are really hungry don't go there cause you will starve to death
The people at the counter move slower than snails. They took my water bottle from my table and threw it away without my permission. Food was horrible and they messed up our order for drinks and appetizers. Worse experience of my life.
Waste of time and money. It's no wonder this place has so many reviews. I went in with my girlfriend on Sunday night around 730 and our plan was to have dinner and go bowling. Probably would have spent $60 or more this night. The problem started right from the moment we walked in. The guy who was standing at the front desk never greeted us or asked us if we would like a table we just stood awkwardly at the hostess station for a few minutes while he moseyed around. (and there was no one in line mind you) he finally walked over to the hostess  station grabbed two menus  STILL DIDNT GREET US and just expected us to follow him because he had the menus in his hand. , my girlfriend  was actually the one who said hello while he mumbled back a hello. So sorry to inconvenience you at work my god. As he walked us to a table he never once looked at us, his eyes were glued to the football game that was going on. He dropped the menus and walked away again without saying anything to us. So now I sit down with a bit dissatisfaction with how my girlfriend and I have been treated as "guests" . As we browsed the menus for ten minutes or so the waitress walked by to the table behind us asking them if they needed anything but ignoring us as if we weren't there. Another 5 minutes go by without even being greeted by a waitress for drinks .  That was it. Bad from the start to finish. We grabbed our things and left to get food at another restaurant where they treats guests as guests.  I'd like to think any decent manger would fire the guy at the front on spot because he obviously had no business working there, but the more I see the reviews from this location it looks like bad service is the norm. It starts from up top and trickles down. This place needs change, from employees to management. I'll never go back
Last night, my friend Lisa and I went to Franklin Mills. After our shopping trip we decided to hit up Dave and Busters for dinner. Little did we know, they would be waiting.

They were advertising a Happy Hour special 1/2 off cocktails(4-7, I think)  but thats not what interested us. They had a 60 minute game special for a mere $10; the only catch was that you couldn't use it on games that gave tokens or tickets. But we had a blast rockin' out on Guitar Hero, shooting zombies in House of the Dead, and drag racing on the streets of Rio for 60 whole minutes.

After all that playing, we decided to grab a bite to eat there. Our waitress, Kelly, was very attentive as well as informative. We both ordered chicken quesadilla, even though Lisa's needed to be without chicken, they said the price couldn't change since everything was computerized. (I think that's silly since her's should have been less, hence the one star deduct). 

At our waitress' suggestion, we also split a slice of triple chocolate cake. You definitely need to share this with someone; this cake is soooo sweet and there's so many layers! Since we were pretty much the only people there, service was fast and efficient, almost to the point of over-checking up on us.

But still not a bad deal if you want to play some games for a bit!
Great place to go hangout with friends and family. Fun environment and good specials for both food, drinks and game cards. Service was good, but took awhile to get food and was a little cold. Staff was very helpful with answering questions.
Restaurant is terrible. Slow service and took forever to get seated or find a host even when the place is empty!! The drinks were also overpriced with very little liquor.
I've been going to this location for about a decade now and remember the days when this used to be Jillian's. It's a pretty large establishment and unfortunately for me I've never done their bowling or billiards, but perhaps one day I will and will update this review.

I stopped in on Saturday with my seven year old nephew and it was insanely crowded, which I half expected. A lot of their games are old, not in disrepair, just old and uninteresting because of it (they're mostly ten year old games, so no longer cutting edge or shiny and clean). Still, it's a decent arcade, and I enjoyed playing some racing games. 

As far as the food I've never been disappointed. It's about in line with what you'd expect from a chain, greasy and fried but filling at least. Their drinks are also good, if expensive, I suggest getting a Purple People Eater to see your mouth turn blue (that's if they still have it, the last time I ordered it was over a year ago). 

This place could be better than what it is, but at least it's not half bad, and it's a fun way to waste some time. Just don't go in with your expectations too high.
Boring place to watch football.  We like the food and the place is comfortable, but we will never come back for a Sunday afternoon game. Food super slow to come out and the place is empty.  All you can eat wings but only six at a time comes out even on your first order then you wait to flag down a waitress to order again and you wait for 6 more wings.  Hostesses was so clueless. Asked for a specific area because we came to watch a specific game, we finally picked our owe table while she went to find someone to approve where we could sit in a empty restaurant.  We will come back, not for Sunday football.
The game room was great and the bowling was just as fun.  We bowled early afternoon so had an opportunity to take advantage of the discounted rate of $15/hr.... pretty good deal IMO.  However, I'd recommend eating elsewhere.  The food is consistently of poor quality, typically delivered cold and definitely not worth the cost!
Gross, Gross, Gross! I can't say anything about the food unfortunately due to the fact that I ended up walking out after ten minutes of being there. Went with a few friends and sat at the bar. There were maybe 2 or 3 other people there yet the bartender never came up to us to give us menus or even greet us. The bar was sticky along with the menu I grabbed and the area I was sitting at smelled like a mix of dirty mop water/ rotten vegetables. Almost as if maybe a sink was blocked up with food and gunk. This is the first time I've ever walked out of a restaurant.
I don't know what the hell goes on in the kitchen but it shouldn't take an hour and some minutes for a burger, salad and chicken fingers. Come the fuck on!!!! Total waste of time and could've easily eaten somewhere else.
Edit: After speaking with the manager, he stated that he would take 50% off of the bill. When we actually got the bill only 50% was taken off the food, not our drinks. Horrible service and will not ever eat here again.
Awful service.  No one around.  

Told half hour wait to eat to an empty dining room. 
No one in gaming room to help.  

Place is terrible but it's Franklin mills so I'm not sure why I expected anything good.
None starts for this place. I can only say they need some pest control there. I didn't make a big scence ( I should) when I saw those little mice running towards the bar.  When we were about to leave we just  told the witress that they should call pest control.
One star because I have to. 
This is the place for you if you have absolutely no expectations or standards. Service is non-existent. Literally. I went there mid afternoon. Stopped to get a beer in the bowling alley. Which by the way smelled like a combination of rotten fish taint and prison ass. There was no bartender. I was able to flag a server down and ordered a beer. That's it. One beer. 45 minutes later. No beer. No server to be found. Went there for a child's birthday party scheduled 2-5. Pre planned. All the food preordered.  Buffet supplies set up, but no food in them. None.  A plate of 5 appetizers arrived at 430. There were about 40 adults and children.  How is this place in business?  Bathroom is absolutely disgusting. More disgusting than average. No toilet paper in 14 out of 16 stalls because the toilet paper holders were ripped off the wall. Hand soap dispensers are taped to the wall above the sinks. Water trickles from the faucet.    Save your money. Go to Brunswick zone or even Chuck E Cheese. The arcade at Neshaminy mall is probably better than this place.
Terribly disorganized and extremely poor service. We walked in and had no idea what was going on, we found someone and were told that it was seat yourself style. Almost all of the empty tables were dirty. When we finally found a table a waiter was no where to be found. The food was overpriced and disgusting and took forever to come out and when it finally did come it was gross and cold. Don't even think about getting a refill on anything because you will be waiting forever. Would never return to this location for any reason whatsoever.
Visited yesterday with the family, a 45 minute drive, the boys wanted to go somewhere fun.  While the games were ok, and in general well maintained , the food and service...not so.   D&Bs have historically had pretty good bar fare, but this experience was just not acceptable.  The appetizer order was wrong, and the server seemed more interested in being "right" than getting the order right.  It was not a big error, but the attitude was the real problem.  Of the 4 entrees, only the burger was acceptable,  ribs mushy and over sauced, the steak, chicken, shrimp combo was a joke, and it was $20.  Pitiful size, overcooked and served cold.
Oh - the wife reported the bathroom was absolutely gross.
This is the type of food Yelp was made for ... There are so many good food options, now you know, eat elsewhere, play the games here.
This place smells like sweaty socks and old cheese. The attendants are extremely rude.
I'm torn on my rating.... This is not the place to go for a nice drink, dinner, or good service.  It's just about the games, TVs, and general chaotic childish fun.  Star conflict comes in because I would prefer to be able to get a delicious snack, good beer or mixed drink and even something bad in under 20 minutes, but that is all forgiven because I am there for the games!  There are separate areas for watching the game, playing pool, or video games; so it works perfect for all ages and sizes of groups.  I will go back because I am oh so close to getting that 200$ teddy bear that would cost me 9.99$ at Walmart (lol)!!

Oh and I usually search on groupon, restaurant's site, retailmenot, or random sites for savings and happy hours before going too.
The food here is average at best, on par with a Friday's or Applebees menu. I ordered the grilled chicken which came with rice and broccoli. The chicken had mango salsa on top of it and the rice was seasoned as well, but not too much spice which was good. It was okay, nothing spectacular, which is what I expected. More people come here for the game room and all the arcade games. Our waiter was good, check up on our table often, and refilled my water consistently. Ambiance is nice, as they have high ceilings, both booth and table seating, and many TVs with the games on. 

The arcade is a lot of fun, made me feel like a kid again. You purchase a card and load the card with however many credits you want, and then use the card to play the games. Any tickets you win can be automatically loaded on the card which you can use to purchase your prizes. They have skeeball, basketball, shooting games, and all sorts of other games to win tickets. It was definitely an enjoyable evening.
Not bad to come with the family to play some games and grab a bite to eat. Ordered burger with onion rings and a snow cone to drink. The food comes out quick and right now its not crowded so no complaints here. Service is good food is good and it is clean. If your looking for some place to go on this snowy night stop by here for some fun.
I've never written a yelp review before but this experience was so bad I felt the need to. We arrived and the bartender was so rude it was embarrassing, unaware of the prices, unable to make something as simple as an Irish car bomb. He proceeded to charge for the shot of Jamison, baileys and the Guinness separately which is absolutely absurd. When we approached the manager to complain he did nothing. Then after the night was over we had won a free appetizers with our tickets and we handed the waitress the coupon; she sat on the coupon for 30 minutes as she talked to two random guys. She then tried to send in our receipt only for the kitchen to have closed in the time since we gave her the coupon. As someone who has managed a business before I'm embarrassed to know the manager deems this acceptable. We complained numerous times to no avail. Not only will I never return I am so violently offended that I recommend no one ever attends this garbage hole of an establishment.

Sincerely,

First Time Yelp User
My daughter celebrate her 7th birthday at Dave & Buster locate in Philadelphia Mills . She had an awesome time , kid-friendly place , all ages will love it here , my kids didn't want to leave , delicious food , awesome games to choose from, clean place & sanitation everywhere , clean bathroom , polite staff & manager and I will back soon . 

I RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO EVERYONE
I really used to like this place to this review pains me to write. We walked in the building at 8:15 pm- we decided to look for seating near the games so we could play while we waited. Tables are first come first serve- a family was leaving and gave us the seat. We waited ten minutes to ask an employee to clean off the table, she said she would send someone over. Waited 10 more minutes several people passedbut no one stopped.  we decided to leave that area and come to the regular restaurant part. We ordered our drinks and food- just like 4 appetizer and a kids order. It's now an hour later and we are still waiting for our food. We asked the waitress to check if it was ready and she came back and said they're waiting on another order of our wings. So we asked to send the other stuff out. Meanwhile while waiting they have these huge TVs and one of them has music videos on them. Not family appropriate whatsoever. The one video was The highest in the room with clips of him smoking pot and a clip of him in a strip club with ladies dancing on poles with their butts out. Pictures included. 
The only positive are the games which are taking longer to get to which means we won't have as much time because we have a 9 year old. 
Wrote this whole review and we're still waiting. At this point we are beyond hungry. I really hope a manager sees this.
