OK, this was a junk food run, after work to meet a friend and before an event.  What a nice, open air bar, bar tables, counter at the window so you can look at the trash that walks the streets of the pothole-ridden city.  Very cosmopolitan aesthetically (the place, not the dirty, crusty surrounds about town).

I was VERY impressed with:

Tuna tartare tacos - best fucking taco I ever put in my mouth (no pun intended).  With four stuffed crispy tacos, plenty for two to share, a little asparagus, and a nice spicy aioli to top them off made them fantastic all around.

Mushroom flatbread with arugula, white truffle oil and fontina cheese - best fucking mushroom flatbread I ever put in my mouth (no pun available).  Crispy not soggy crust, and flatbread loaded with the good stuff.

A side order of sweet potato frites - best fucking sweet potato fries I ever put in my mouth (I'm out of jokes here).  So crispy, so flavorful, prepared the way they ought to be prepared.

It's all superb for drinks and snacks and with excellent service made my pitstop divine.
Came here with my date to celebrate my graduation from Graduate school and his new promotion at his job. And oh wow this place was great! Very intimate and quiet and dark for a perfect date night. The server was very friendly. He told us the specials for the day and the drinks that they were running. We ended up getting a drink called the VIP which was a vodka beverage. 

For an appetizer we got the cheese steak egg rolls and they were finger licking good. First time having them and they were delicious, I ended up eating only one cause I wanted to make room for my entree. My date was raving about how good the egg rolls were as he licked the plate clean. 

When it came to entrees, he ordered fish and chips, and I got the 8oz filet mignon with truffles Mac and cheese. The food came out very quickly which was good cause we didn't wanna be late for the theatre show we were seeing after dinner. The filet was cooked to perfection and tasted so flavorful, and the Mac and cheese---OMG- I literally felt like there was an orgasm in my mouth-- it was that good! It was so cheesy and there was just the right amount of truffle oil on top! 

We didn't get dessert cause we were so stuffed, but I'm sure it would've been good- if the food was 5 stars itself. Loved my experience here and enjoyed the company.

I would definitely come back here for a future meal, probably another celebration or something because it was a bit pricey compared to places I usually go to.
We had such a great dining experience at Del Frisco's.  We have frequented the NYC location many times but this was our first time dining at the Philly restaurant and I'm so glad we did. 

Ben was our server and he really went above and beyond with the time and attention he paid to us. He offered up great meal suggestions, interesting conversation, and even provided us a tour of the building after our meal. The restaurant space is very special as it used to be an old bank, built in the 1920's complete with a huge safe. So definitely do the tour of you can.  It's pretty impressive. 

Our meals were delicious. We enjoyed fresh shrimp cocktail, caesar salad and NY Strip, seasoned to perfection. For dessert we chose the Butter Cake which was absolutely heavenly and a combination of so many delicious tastes... salty, sweet, crunchy, smooth... I've never had anything quite like it. And for a dessert just called Butter Cake it seems very unassuming but WOW! Don't miss this dessert. 

Thanks Del Frisco's and Ben for a wonderful dining experience! We will definitely be back and ask for Ben again.
3.5 for food; 4.0 for drinks; 4.0 for service; 4.5 for ambience. In sum, you're better off going to Del Frisco main restaurant on Chestnut. The price is about the same (expensive) but quality of food and service is much better at the Chestnut location.  The steaks were not cooked as well, neither were the sides. The ambience is nice, but nowhere near as nice as the Chestnut location. But if you find yourself here, it's a decent meal.
Service and food was amazing what really impressed me is the immaturity from management to voice their opinion to make sure I didn't get a freebee. Fun fact I came expecting to pay full price and YET for some reason management decided to go around and voice not hooking me up as if I thought that would be an option. The reaction I got from former coworkers about management was overwhelming. Not the culture I was taught during opening training. I get it I didn't want to work their but to think less of me and aggressively black ball me cuz of one visit very awkward.
Downgrading to three stars. I've been to this place 5-10 times now, and my visit three weeks ago was enough to make me never return again. My friend and I ordered ahi tuna tacos and a prime rib to share. The ahi tuna tacos--which are usually so good that I'm intensely craving them for hours before my visit--were slightly burned such that the burnt taste overpowered the usual flavor. My friend ordered a margarita and the waitress brought the wrong one, acknowledged she brought the wrong one, and told my friend to try it and if she didn't like it, return it. Um, what? Why not just bring the correct drink when you know you've made a mistake. My friend didn't like the incorrect drink and had to wait for the waitress to return and tell the bartender to make a new one. 

These two issues are forgivable but what really got me is that the prime rib did not have the taste and consistency of their usual prime rib. It was tough and chewy rather than melt-in-your-mouth tender and fatty like every other prime rib I've ordered from this restaurant. We continued to eat while we were waiting for our waiter to return because we were starving, and when we asked her if it was possible that the kitchen hadn't given us a prime rib, she told us that each steak is going to differ. Then she told us that we'd already eaten most of the steak anyways. No attempt to even check with the kitchen if there had been a mistake. Honestly, the thought of returning sounds extremely unappealing if each steak is going to differ to the point where a prime rib might not have the flavor and consistency of a prime rib. Very disappointing experience.
Pretty good meal.  We didn't expect restaurant week menus to be available, and they were, so we ordered from there.  Can't beat that value at a steak house.  

I started with the wedge salad, which is pretty standard, and there wasn't anything particularly exciting about this one.  I tried a friend's deviled egg, that was pretty terrific.  I liked the ratio of yolk mixture to white on there, a better deviled egg than many others.

Next was a medium rare fillet, served with mashed potatoes.  It was cooked nicely, and had a tasty crust on it.  The potatoes were dense and seasoned well.  

Dessert was pot de creme, which seems to be popping up on more menus lately.  This one wasn't great, they poured a caramel sauce on the top that seemed to be a bit much.  I think the dish would have been much better if it was just served with the custard underneath.  The sauce had a gritty texture to it, and was overpowering.  

Service was pleasant and quick.
Surprisingly great!
Check your reservations tho, 
It's not the steakhouse*

*after making reservations online, we originally felt hoodwinked by Del Frisco's to go to their "Grille". However, our experience was amazing! Very cool space, great waiter & excellent food
I had such high hopes for this restaurant ... smh. The food was just ok (it doesn't compare to the steakhouse AT ALL) FYI ... The the prices are only slightly cheaper than the steakhouse. 

The VIP was terrible, instead of marinating the pineapples in vodka , it tastes like they used canned pineapple juice. 

The appetizer cheesesteak roll was just ok .. nothing special 
 
The grille salad was just ok ... nothing special, the dressing was bland, the vegetables were not ice cold but and the bacon was cold

The fish and chips were ok ... shoestring fries were very greasy  

The caramel pot was SUPER sweet .. I thought it was barely edible but my husband enjoyed it. 

A deal breaker for me ... I hate being rushed.

- I assumed it was a manager who came over and asked if we enjoyed our drinks, before I could respond he picked up my empty martini glass , asked was I finished then said ... we could use this , we are running out of martini glasses? 
- I pushed my salad away, i honestly didn't enjoy it, but my husband was still eating his fish and chips. The server came over and asked if I wanted my salad boxed, I said no thank you. The server starts to clear the table, including taking the condiments that came with my husbands meal from the table .... even though my husband was still eating. 
-  as the dessert was being placed on the table, the bill was also placed on the table.... I HATE feeling rushed. 

In conclusion.... I will not return
Came here for restaurant week fall 2019. Had the artichoke beignets for my appetizer which were amazing! And I was shocked they gave 5 huge pieces because usually restaurant week portions are small. I ended up having to take half of them home! I got the filet mignon for my entree which was also very good. Tried the peanut butter chocolate pie and Nutella bread pudding for dessert and both were so good as well! The interior was gorgeous and the staff were super friendly. I ended up going to Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steakhouse the night after and I honestly think the Grille is better! Definitely worth the $35 restaurant week dinner price.
Restaurant week review!

This was honestly a mistake on my part. I totally meant to book the other del Frisco's for restaurant week but by the time I realized it was too late so we decided to give the grille a try. 

I ordered from the restaurant week menu while my friend ordered from the regular menu. 

For starters we got the artichoke beignets (RW) and the cheesesteak eggrolls. The artichoke beignets were the kind of thing that you eat that I would categorize as a waste of calories. They weren't really bad but they weren't good either. They were just like mehh. We only ended up trying one each and had no desire to take the rest home. The cheesesteak eggrolls were pretty good. Pretty standard. 

For my main I ordered the filet mignon (RW) and as it was delivered to the table the waitress immediately asked me to cut it in half to make sure it was cooked well enough. This was kind of a red flag to me. Did she think the chef didn't cook it properly? All in all it was cooked fine. I ordered it cooked medium. Nothing out the ordinary. But it was a very strange request to make and not one I've ever had asked of me at a restaurant before. 

My friend order the burger for her main which she thought was pretty average. Sweet potato fries for her side which I stole a couple of and were pretty good. 

For dessert we split the Nutella bread pudding (RW). This was pretty good and I especially enjoyed the coffee ice cream scoop on the side. 

Cocktails - VIP is their signature cocktail and a bit sweet for my taste. My friend also tried out a white sangria which she thought just tasted like juice but was cutely garnished with an ice pop on top.
"The food was very good but the bar is suspect."

We went here for the wife's birthday dinner with her parents. Really fantastic place. I love the decor from the coasters to the walls. We argued over the large abstract painting and decided abstract art is very subjective. 

The cheesesteak egg rolls were delightful. My wife's favorite from previous visits. She also said they had their own take on the Big Mac. I was tempted but when I saw the calories listen on the menu I opted for BBQ shrimp salad. After that I didn't just feel good about my choice, I also felt good about myself. The salad was plenty of food if you're the type of guy that worries about getting your fill. Each Shrimplet took two bites to devour. 

Now the reason for the 4 stars and not five was the bar. Referring back to the above quoted, it was in fact suspect. Both parents ordered drink from the menu. So it wasn't like they were making shit up. The mother's was made incorrectly twice. The waitress was sent back by the bar tender to ask the specifics of the fathers beverage. Had it been me I wouldn't have said anything. I would've suffered through what I was given with tears in my eyes. 

Overall I really enjoyed it. I'd def go again.
Absolutely amazing service and food. Jessica and the managers treated us like rock stars as we celebrated my boyfriend's military retirement today. I cannot say thank you enough. We have been raving about the food all day and we will be back soon. Your whole staff was phenomenal! CHEERS!
Great upscale yet casual spot - perfect for a pre-show dinner!

Ambiance:
We came here for lunch after catching a matinee of The Nutcracker - the ambiance is excellent and we did not feel out of place in our smart casual theatre dress. Everything looks sleek and modern - more upscale than a sports bar yet not what I'd consider fancy or a place you have to dress up for. It was a Sunday so the Eagle's game was on and the crowd was lively yet polite. All in all a cool spot!

Food:
Lots of creative apps to choose from like the Cheese steak egg rolls which makes this a great spot to grab drinks. 

I took a peak at both the lunch and dinner menu which are very similar - both have a wide variety of offerings and we were able to find something for all of the major dietary restrictions. I enjoyed the Filet Burger as recommended by Katie, our waitress, and it was delicious! Definitely a "better quality" burger as you'd expect and I loved the preparation. The artisan roll was delicious! Others in our party enjoyed the Fish and Chips and the Brick Chicken - no complaints there. Loved all of the presentations!

While none of us got it, they do also serve cuts of steak from the much more exclusive original location - might be a good pick for someone that wants to try it without actually going there. 

Drink:
There is a full bar with an extensive yet accessible wine by the bottle list. There were a range of craft beers as well as the mainstream stuff - there's something for everyone here. Note that wine by the glass is on the pricier side here - at around $12-$20 a glass. While not atypical for the neighborhood, I did not expect these drink prices at a place where people gather to watch The Eagles. 

Service:
Our waitress Katie was phenomenal! She was extremely patient with us as we worked our way through the menu and answered any and all of our questions - especially those regarding dietary restrictions. She was happy to make recommendations and, at least in our experience, great one's at that! One of us ordered the fish and chips and unfortunately the chips came out cold - sensing our discomfort Katie asked about it and took the Fish and Chips off the bill no questions asked after we declined a replacement. Our water glasses were never empty - overall a great experience. This place has a commitment to service and it shows!

Value:
I wouldn't exactly consider this place cheap, although it is certainly cheaper than the original location. Entrees average around $20-$30 and drinks are pricey. I consider this place to be right on the border between good value and overpriced - ultimately you'll have to decide on your own if anything on the menu really calls to you. I wouldn't come here just for drinks though - there are better options in the neighborhood at more reasonable prices.
I came for brunch with my boyfriend. We were seated right away. There is plenty of space; doesn't feel crowded like you are sitting on top of people. I love the decor.  

I ordered the quinoa vegetable bowl- it's served with poached eggs which I don't eat. I asked for scrambled eggs. At first the waiter said the chef can't do that. I needed more time to decide what else I wanted. Then the waiter came back and said it was fine. The bowl was good. I asked for the dressing on the side but it came served with dressing. The bowl had a lot of different vegetables, all fresh. 

My boyfriend enjoyed the burger. I think he said it was small; not overly filling. The sweet potato fries were delicious! So so good. 

Overall average dining experience. Would considering coming back.
I can't tell you about their food because I was politely turned away...very annoyed! Here to see our daughter perform at Kimmel center tonight and we arrived early and hungry. We walked over to Del Friscos & was asked if we have reservations, I said no and then was told it is a 30 minute wait, of course we are not waiting so we walked across the street to the Doubletree hotel, so I open my Open table app to see if I could make a reservation and ITS A MIRACLE! 30 minutes has turned into no wait at all...If you are going lie, please make sure you can back it up....you don't have to worry about me ever entering your establishment ever again. Del Frisco's Grille Philadelphia, PA 

FYI: we were there at 6:20 pm
Really wanted it to be a five star review however here it is - the Great, the good and the things they need to work on... 
Del Frisco grill is at a prime location, we got reservations and thank god, because it was 90% full. We checked in and were seated on the top level shortly, it has a huge bar in the middle and the decor is tasteful. Our server was with us shortly a d gave us the food menus. Umm not the drink menus, we asked one of the servers to get us one, she was more than happy to, gave us a drink menu. As she walked away my SO started flipping blank pages of the menu, confused, we bought it to the servers attention and she quickly swapped it out. I get it. It's a new restaurant, still has a few kinks. 
We ordered the VIP drink and a manhattan. The VIP is a vodka cocktail with pineapple. Amazingly refreshing, slightly sweeter. And for the apps we got the cheesesteak egg rolls and the must flatbread. Both of these were simply delicious and set the bar quite high for the entree. 
While we waited for the entree which was the prime cheeseburger and a shareable side of Mac and cheese. We couldn't help but look at the open kitchen. Very efficient, however I didn't see hair nets, kind of odd. 
The Mac and cheese was simply delicious, but the cheeseburger lacked in flavor. 
Will definitely go back for the steak and hopefully a 5  review.
Absolutely great experience from start to finish. When booking the reservation over the phone, it was handled quickly and professionally. Upon arrival, the Hostess was incredibly polite, greeted us, and made us feel at home. Our server Chris was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu, and just overall super nice. Chris turned a Saturday dinner into a memorable night out. The busser In our area, Zach, was also incredibly knowledgeable about the menu, and was quite attentive. 

Now for the food, the cheesesteak egg rolls are literally to die for. Both steaks we ordered were of the highest quality and cooked to perfection. Finally the nutella bread pudding we ordered for dessert, based on Zach's recommendation, was to delightful. 

Overall it was incredibly refreshing to have a dinner out where the staff was not only amazing at their job, but just generally fun to be around. Definitely will be returning soon.
In general, steak restaurants are designed to do everything well: provide great food, service, and ambience. Del Frisco's Grille definitely has all of these traits.

Our appetizers of jumbo lump crabcake and cheesesteak eggrolls were great and okay, respectively. My friend Ken and I felt that while the two sauces on the plate (sweet and sour, honey mustard) looked visually appealing, they actually detracted from the main flavor of the cheesesteak eggrolls. The crabcake was spot on. The cajun style sauce complimented the all crabmeat crabcake perfectly. It was a joy to eat.

My prime ribeye was a touch warmer than "medium rare with blood in the middle," as I requested, but was still a fine piece of meat with plenty of flavorful fat all around. Ken's steak was more like how I would've preferred it with blood oozing out, not "medium" as he requested, and I wonder if the chef got the two temperatures on our orders mixed up. Our sides of truffle mac and cheese and zucchini with parmesan were also great and okay, respectively, like our appetizers. The radiatori pasta was a perfect choice to allow the cheese and truffle oil to grab onto the pasta. With its nice crumb top garnishing, you have one of the better mac 'n' cheese dishes in the city. The zucchini was a bit of a disappointment. Like the eggrolls, the dish looked really nice, colorful, and  artistically prepared, but it could've been so much better had they used larger zucchini, peeled and sliced to resemble coins.

Our buttercream lemon cake is not to be missed. This six-layer sponge cake is more like a sinful pound cake. The portion size is generous and made to be shared.

Overall, the food is very good. Our main server, Jennifer, was fantastic. She was very attentive. When our steaks were arrived, the manager accompanied another server and we were offered the chance to slice into them to be sure they were to our liking. The couple of misses we had was offset by hits. The large bar up front with two big television sets overhead were sufficiently out of the way from the main dining area. The hostesses were impeccably dressed and beautiful. Del Frisco's Grille is a nice casual date place where you might not want to dress as fancy as their main steakhouse, Del Frisco's Double Eagle, a couple of blocks away.
I ordered food from Del Frisco's grille  via UberEats. As far as taste, the food was decent but the portions were very stingy for the price! I really felt like I had been robbed. I ordered the jumbo lump crab cake; price $22. I received one (1) crab cake! I also ordered chicken wings; price $20. I received 6 very small wings with 2 carrot sticks and 2 celery sticks! Unbelievable for a high end brand like Del Frisco's. Very disappointing. I do not recommend this restaurant.
After my  reservations at Atttco were canceled (due to the city being under curfew), I had to find another restuarant to celebrate my birthday.  Walking past Del Frisco's Grille, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try.  We walked in around 530p on Friday and was able to be seated right away.  The restuarant is large, so we  were able to have a section to ourselves. Our waiter ( I believe his name was Anthony) was outgoing, funny, and informative.  He answred all our questions pertaining to the menu and drinks.  I would say their steak eggrolls  are the best things on the menu! Hands Down!  Unfortunately, they only give 2 cut in half. I wish it was atleast 3 lol.  We were not rushed during our meal, and was able to dine at our leasure.
We went there for a drink.  It was like pulling teeth to get a drink menu. Bartender was a bit unfriendly. He seemed upset I didn't want to tip him 7$ on a 33$ bill for two drinks.   Why would I. The. Mojito was tasteless and the champagne was flat and I had to ask him twice for a glass if water. 

I wonder what the food is like if they can even get this right......
I was super excited to try this restaurant out. So me and my family came here for my mother in law's birthday and we had an amazing server. Her name was Francésca (Frankie) and she was an absolutely amazing server. Her service was impeccable and her mannerisms were absolutely amazing. The food on the other hand I wasn't satisfied with. My son and husband both had either over cooked or under cooked steaks which were immediately rectified by the way but that wasn't a great first impression. Other than that we had great food and a great time
Stopped in to Del Frisco's Grille today for a drink and appetizers before going to see the Nutcracker at the Academy of Music. We sat at the bar, and both the food and the service were great! We shared a few plates: Cheesesteak Egg Rolls, Tuna Tacos, Sweet Potato Fries, and Burrata Salad. The food came out quickly and the presentation of every dish was beautiful. I've had cheesesteak egg rolls at several different bar/restaurant before but these were definitely the best. I especially loved the touch of of the sweet chili sauce. The atmosphere is really nice, and it's in a great location if you are looking for a place to go before a show. I would definitely come back!
Best service, friendly staff, excellent cocktails. Appetizers, we tried the wings(Yum), cheesesteak egg rolls, burrata, and the ahi tuna tacos. All acceptable, though wings won the tasty award. Steaks were cooked perfectly as were the sides and we tried all four desserts between us, chocolate cake was the most tasty, though the caramel pots de creme was a close second. All in all, a good experience.
What a serious disappointment... we sat for a few cocktails and started with the meatball and the shrimp cocktail.  The meatball was good, but the shrimp reeked and you could smell it as it approached the table.  The whole area stunk like stale fish and the shrimp was slimy.... we had to send it back and ask for new napkins and silverware and wash our hands, it so so foul.  You would think the chef or waiter would have noticed the rancid smell and would have been embarrassed to bring it to the table, but guess not.  I will never go back here again.
Just don't go! It was so bad; I don't really know where to start. We had a 6:30 reservation and even though we arrived early they sat us right away which was nice but it was in a terrible location near where the wait staff constantly goes to get everything needed to reset the table. Then the waiter drops off the drink menu to us but doesn't know any of the seasonal beers so he leaves to find them out; once he tells us we don't see him again for another 10 minutes because he was dealing with another issue. We finally place our order and don't see any food until 7:20 almost an hour after our reservation and I even asked for bread (which was terrible too once it did arrive). Once we finally received our food, I see an avocado skin with a sticker on it in my salad and my boyfriend's pork was overdone and dry. We complained to the server who said he would get management which took another 10 minutes for a manager to arrive. While waiting for the manager, we asked for our dessert which we were told would be right out and then 10 minutes later were told they were out of. Thankfully, our dinner was comped so we didn't have to pay for this disaster of a dinner but I would seriously suggest so many other wonderful restaurants in the city than to ever tell someone to give this place a chance!
On Feb. 21, my best friend and I shared our birthday together at Del Frisco's Grille. (We have celebrated our birthdays together for the last 15+ years.) This was our first time at this restaurant. Not only was our experience beyond expectations, but it was enhanced by the friendliness of the staff, (each member by the way signed a birthday card for us), the decadence of the food, the generosity of the warmth and professionalism of the service and management, and the coziness of a private room with which they provided us. It was such a special night and I am still talking about it. Thank you and we will be back!
My wife and I wanted to find a restaurant in the Arts area as we had tix for Book of Mormon.  Del Frisco's Grille popped up. Reservations were simple to make and upon arrival we were seated immediately. Lindsey was attentive and very helpful. Cocktails were well made, served promptly.  Lindsey had suggested the Artichoke Beignets as an app. Six light cheese stuffed puffs in a basil sauce were very good. 
A burger-Bourdreau option was the wife's choice. Minor changes to the menu, no bun, small salad, were made with no problem.  A small complaint of a bit to salty. 
My strip steak was under cooked, but quickly remedied. 
Overall a good experience.
Rather rate three and a half stars. 
Pros-Gorgeous decor all around 
Very nice staff
Food was enjoyable 

Con-No happy hour
Food is ok, the steaks weren't as good as the big delfriscos. The service was horrendous. Our waitress kept forgetting things and she would disappear for long periods of time. We were her only table!
This place was super disappointing. They ran out of 5 different things we wanted to order by the end of the meal we were just exhausted from asking if they have a particular item or not. Food was meh. Service was nice. Won't come here again.
Open for business and excellent customer service. Just opened this week and the food is amazing and yes, they have the VIP!
After attempting to get reservations at nearby restaurants for 6 with short notice, we were appreciative that Del Frisco's Grille was able to seat us immediately. We had a decent meal however nothing to specifically call out as "great." The beef dishes - steak and burgers - could benefit from additional seasoning. For a steakhouse I thought the beef could be much more flavorful; I was quite underwhelmed. Fried fish and broccoli were two most flavorful dishes. Highlight of meal was free dessert provided for kitchen delays and in celebration of my daughter's graduation (go Drexel Dragons). I would suggest that lemon cake not be served cold.
Overall: 4
Food: 3.5
The food we had was actually good; however, my family and me went because it's a steak place. We sat at the table and our server arrived to tell us they were out of almost every steak including the ribs???????  WE WERE TOLD IT WAS A BUSY WEEKEND. I guess nobody told the food and beverage manager it was the weekend before Christmas and the Eagles were playing Dallas at home.  Having a limited supply of a special and running out is one thing, but running out of most cuts of your beef at a steak place - inexcusable.
This is one of my favorite places to go when I don't want to party but I feel like going out. The drinks are great, the energy is high and the menu has a variety of food to where almost everyone can find something they like. I really enjoyed the Spring Tortelloni!
The atmosphere and decor was nice, but it went down hill from there.  We were a party of five, celebrating my daughter's birthday.  Everyone liked their drinks.  We got the cheesesteak egg roll appetizer, which was too damn salty!  We also tried the tuna tartare tacos, which were tasty, but left my tongue on fire for ten minutes!  Luckily, the waitress was constantly hovering, and kept refilling our water glasses, but I really needed some bread to neutralize the spice.  No bread and butter was offered.  I really felt insulted by the $58 "special", supposedly three 4 ounce filet medallions, each with a different sauce or topping.  We asked for medium rare, but one piece was the butt of a tenderloin, full of fat, and well done to hide it! The middle piece had a flavorful topping, but was also well done. Only the third piece actually looked like it was 4 ounces, and was pink.  The birthday girl made the best choice with an 8 ounce filet for $44.  Her problem was that she ordered it cooked medium, and even after sending it back for some more cooking, it was still bloody.  We did enjoy my son-in-law's truffle mac'n cheese.  For dessert, my daughter ordered the chocolate lava cake, which required the lava to be poured on top!  It was nice and chocolatey, though, and we polished that off.  The Nutella bread pudding, on the other hand, had the consistency of cotton!  Everyone took a taste of it, but there was no Nutella flavor.  It was the first time my family ever left half of a dessert on the table!  So, my conclusion is that this grill does not live up to the original Del Frisco's, which I always enjoyed.  It is arrogantly overpriced for causing me to leave a 2 ounce pile of chewed up fat on my plate!
What a great place! Food, drink, and people. Highly recommend sitting at the bar and asking for Chelsea. She takes care of her people. She's also super funny and great to talk to. She has great food recommendations and will attempt any cocktail you request! I will be back because the whole safe was great but I especially loved Chelsea's drinks and service and gotta shout out Sid the kid !
Its shiny and new! 

Food is bleh!

Ordered the Quinn Filet Mignon burger and a side of french fries! YUCK! Should have gone to Five Guys! 

Was soooo disappointed! Was looking forward to dining at this new location since I really fell in love with the orher historical old Del Frisco's ... 

Arrrrggghhhhh ... 

Off to Mortons!
Came here two days ago, because it was convenient at the bottom of my hotel.  Spent 96$ on a mix grill sirloin, crab stuffed shrimp, Mac & cheese, "crispy Brussels" which were very soggy and asparagus. Took a few bites returned the whole. All but a bite taken. 

The manager Mike looked at me like I was crazy, put his hands on his hips and asked what he wanted me to do. Told him I didn't like the cut of meat, paid an extra 36$ for a ribeye which was just okay .... I still have it in the fridge. 

Came the next day and ordered to see if a fluke. Ordered a steak and salad. Meat was cold, shrimp southwest salad was good.  

I know this is Philly but do better.  

Rob and Manager Dimitrius were very friendly. Extra star for them and the delicious Rosé.
Last Saturday at about 4, 4:30 pm..My Mother and my two nephews arrived for a scheduled reservation..as they waited at the host stand for my brother to find a parking space..My Mother told the host that they had a reservation, the "host" was an African American male who replied in a rather snarky manner, that my two adolescent nephews "couldn't come in here like that" after indicating that there was a dress code, as he pointed to the sign referencing so..My Mother, taken aback by his curt response specified that they were going to wait for my brother and then decide what they were going to do...as they continued to wait for another ten minutes...the "host" then replies "Are you all still standing here"? This of course troubled my Mother, rather than responding she and my nephews then proceeded to leave... Now the dress code isn't the issue, restaurants have policies of course..It is the manner in which this "gentleman" addressed it...We have all been through a rough year, and a bit of kindness goes a LONG way..if that is a preview of the kind of hospitality I can expect dining at this establishment, then my family is more than happy to take their business elsewhere..I would HIGHLY suggest placing someone at the host stand with a MUCH more professional and hospitable demeanor... completely unacceptable..
A good friend told how much he likes Del Frisco's in NY. Went to the one in Philly for lunch. Maybe the worst hamburger I've ever had. First I asked for a hamburger NO CHEESE. Came with cheese. I requested medium rare 2nd came well done. Tasteless. Service wasn't much better. Never again
Came here on Thanksgiving night;  Claire at the front desk though it best to make us wait all 28 mins it took my fiancé to park the car before she sat my 81 yr old mother and my 7 year old niece whom had just flown in from Miami.   Could care less how the food is.  Service here is trash.
So apparently DelFrisco's Grille does not have an actual adult human being make sure that all of an order is included in the bag picked up by Door Dash.  And Door Dash runners (including the one I gifted with a $12 tip for a $75 order) doesn't check to be sure an order is complete.  And if you call Del Frisco they tell you they have no delivery personnel.  And when you call Door Dash (needing to look up the phone # because of course the phone answerer at DelFrisco doesn't know it) you finally reach an adult human who informs you that you can cancel the order or re-order.  And when you cancel they refund the basic cost of the item, but not the $12 tip.
So human error is inevitable, but am I unreasonable to expect an apology and someone at the source of the problem providing an actual fix?  
The ribs were yummy, but my partner was too upset to share, we exchanged unpleasantries, and I'm abominably annoyed at what should have been a pleasant shared evening being undone by folks who were too busy to take an interest.
Had always heard that this place was cool. Very disappointing in both the food  and the service. The bread was actually frozen when it was served which was not a good start. Everything else was just OK. Also make sure you look at your check, they charged us double for our wine, Blame the computer for the error.
Attended a wine tasting that was a lot of fun and then had dinner later. Lots of yummy food and the menu is lighter than at their "main" restaurant. It's also near theaters so it's a good option for dinner before you go to a show. Loved the mushroom & truffle oil flatbread appetizer.
WORTH IT!!!

My fiancé took me here for my birthday, and we had an amazing dinner. People there was super nice. Their food was amazinggggg!!! especially their dessert called "coconut cream pie" ITS A MUST!!!

Clean environment!!! 

PS- they sang HAPPY BIRTHDAY too lol 

Definitely would come back nexxt time!!!
I spend  New Years Eve with my family here and let's just say EVERYTHING was amazing , the food the wine , the atmosphere, the music , the waiters. We will definitely come back.
I'd like to preface this with the disclaimer that I did not personally choose to eat here. I would never have actually chosen somewhere affiliated with the Rainforest Cafe in the Mall of America. But when my company offers to take me out for dinner, I go where they choose. Today, that was Del Frisco's. 

I started with a mezcal cocktail, which was acceptable (read: not sickeningly sweet) but not artful. It was mezcal plus the other ingredients, nothing more. We had artichoke beignets and crab deviled eggs for appetizers. Both were yummy in a very generic way. For my main dish, I got scallops over polenta. Again, they were yummy and salty with a dot of pesto on each, but nothing special. There was the obligatory truffle mac and cheese, which reeked of fake truffle oil, and some roasted Brussels sprouts, which I don't think I've ever not found delicious. 

Dessert was surprisingly less successful. I was excited to see a non-chocolate pot de crème, but it came out shockingly large and grainy in texture. Did the kitchen lose its sieve? The molten chocolate cake and peanut butter pie were exactly the kind of vulgar overdose you would expect. To top it off, the 10-year port was weirdly grapey--not at all what a tawny port should be. 

As usual, I'm confused why people come to places like this when there are so many more delicious options, but hey if it keeps the restaurants that I like from filling up, have at it.
