I've been coming to this place for years, although I'm not a regular I do frequent a few times a year. The food is always fresh and tasty. The decor is cute and it's a super casual place. The location is great and it's surrounded by working class and student folk. They offer a variety of chaat and rice dishes. They also have sweets; my fav rasmalai is also available which is not too easy to find fresh these days. I recommend this place for a quick bite or takeaway.
I am an Indian, and I hate eating at Indian restaurants. Because all they give u is creamy stuff with no authenticity what so ever.  But this place took me by surprise.

The chicken biryani is the real Biryani that you get in India. I have had it from all the restaurants in Philly and this is the BEST. Period. Biryani is supposed to be cooked for hours to get the flavor in the rice, and when you eat the chicken biryani from here, you know that from the taste you get in the first bite. 

I tasted the chicken makhni, keema, chicken curry and the daal. All taste good as well. This was my 4th visit to the place, and no stomach aches yet :) 

I am so happy for having a good Indian lunch place near my work. Specially, when the other Indian places in the vicinity suck. It is a definite try. And the chicken biryani is recommended by me... 

Home cooked food is still better, but this is as good as it gets when compared to Indian restaurants in Philadelphia.
chaat may be the name o' the game here, but the [veggie] samosas steal the show. thankfully i had peeped the previous yelp reviews, so i knew to say 'yes' when asked if we'd like that topped with the chickpea sauce.*

meanwhile...tho i have been a lover of indian food for many years, chaat is fairly new to me, and i'd only previously tried one variety - papri chaat. this was, naturally, on the desi menu, but we wanted to try something new, so we ordered the mumbai chaat and the ahndra chaat from the specialties section. the two were more similar to one another than i was expecting, but way different from the papri chaat - and wonderfully crunchy & full of flavor. 

on the 'mild to wild' scale, we went WILD (on both) and they were indeed SPICY! as this is a pay before you eat type jawn, we each purchased a single bottle of water along with our food, which i soon feared would not be nearly enough to quell the fire in my mouth as we began eating. dining outside on lovely 42nd street (as opposed to sitting at the window counter inside), and way too into our meal to move, we didn't run back inside to purchase more water (or inquire if free tap was available), but as it turned out, none was needed! the initial burn subsided, leaving a pleasant tingle, and neither of us even finished our bottles, let alone need more.

speaking of not finishing... 2 samosas + 2 chaats + 2 people = 2 much food! one chaat between us would have been plenty, but we wanted to sample a variety....and who doesn't like leftovers?! not to mention, the whole meal (water included) totaled just under $20. 


*NB: the samosa would have still been the best i've had to date without sauce; it merely added to its awesomeness.
I have a problem.

I have been thinking about the vegetable samosas from Desi Chaat House a lot.  It is causing a serious interruption in my daily functioning.

Sometimes I will be in the middle of a conversation and I will pretend to get a call so that I can go outside, hail a cab, and go to Desi Chaat house for the samosas.  I return, sometimes an hour later, and attempt to continue the conversation as if nothing had happened.  My friends think I'm on drugs and my girlfriend is accusing me of having an affair but they don't know how much I love these samosas.

But Brad, why not introduce these people to Desi Chaat house?  

The answer is simple, hypothetical question-asker...it is because I am a man who's mind is rife with delusional paranoia.  I fear that my friends and loved ones, knowing my weakness, will buy out the samosas before I am able to get to the restaurant and they will sell them to me at ridiculous markups.  Like a hopeless addict, I will be enslaved to the wills of those I once trusted. 

Illogical? yes.  Impossible?  Nope.

...ok back to reviewing.

When you order them, they will offer to pour chickpeas over them.  Let them do this.  

The best way I could describe the chaat is...wacky.  It is a peculiar mix of sweet, spicy, creamy, and aromatics.  I've had the vegetable samosa and mumbai chaat and both are good.

The chicken roll and lamb roll make an excellent lunch.  The meat is tender and seasoned extremely well.  I highly recommend these items.  For a very vegetarian-leaning culture, India sure makes some excellent meat dishes.

On top of it all, the staff is ridiculously friendly and always asking for feedback on how they can improve.  It is tasty, inexpensive, unique, and has the best veggie samosas in Philadelphia.

Note: I like veggie samosas a lot more than most people so bear that in mind when you consider this review.
Overall a 4.5, but curving to five because of the incredible service and extensive chaats that I can't wait to eventually sink my teeth into! With plenty of fruit and veggie chaats to choose from, veggie and chicken samosas, way too many wraps to chow down on, and Indian desserts to choose from; Desi Chaat house definitely gives you plenty of good reasons to go from "Mild to Wild!".

Upon first entering I was sold on just walking out with one of their lamb wraps, mango lassi, and a container of gulab jaman. But the person helping me behind the counter (I think owner) was amazing enough to walk me through the many varieties of chaat, and its plentiful varieties of ingredients. He was even friendly enough to scoop me up a complimentary small portion of fruit chaat for the road. extensive and helpful service like that just has to win you over.

My take out experience wasn't without it's foibles since the lid of my container of lassi managed to become loose and leave me with a fruity surprise. but it could be just as easily on the part of my error in carrying, and what I was able to salvage turned out to be super sweet. the gulab jaman wasn't as good as what I've had at New Delhi, but it managed to hit the spot all the same. While the particular chaat offered enough to pique my curiosity, it didn't fully deliver, and I found it to be way too sweet. But it made for a good preview that was enough to leave me interested in trying more.. The main event was the lamb  wrap and it was amazing. it had enough spices and sauces to rival the best of them at places like Saad's, and clocked at close to $1 less. So overall Desi Chaat House left me with plenty to enjoy, and I'm hooked on finding out more!
Where to begin? Just thinking about the food here is making me salivate...

It's a no frills little shop on 42nd and Baltimore. Seating and decor is limited. There are maybe four seats indoors and possibly that much outdoors. The limitations end here.

Everything I have had here has been between good to downright delicious. I'm not an expert on Indian food, but I've eaten some Indian food and this is the some best non-fancy, non Indian friend cooked food you can get. This includes:

Chicken Biryani-moist chicken with spices and rice. Hot enough to make you sweat a little but not unpleasant in the least. Utterly delectable.

The samosa(s)pl?-I thought New Delhi's samosas were the best in Philly. Well, Desi Chaat beats New Delhi's hands down. Either the meat or the vegetarian samosa are chock full of potatoes and vegetables. The meat is flavorful. The outer skin of the samosas are perfectly baked to a nice crispy golden brown. And this is before they will give them a dose of your favorite sauce and/or chick peas. The green sauce(which name escapes me) is so fresh it jumps on your taste buds.

The chaat's-Lamb, chicken, vegetarian, fruit you name it. They'll whip it up. The lamb is probably my favorite, but the chicken is good too. From mild to hot, they've got the spice level. Let them know you are a chaat newbie and they'll adjust. Or in my case(the addict/veteran) they'll change up the spices and levels to give a new experience to a familiar dish.

The Lassi-Smooth, sweet, and ridiculously hard not to finish before you get home with your treasures.

The owners started offering a free cocktail if you become their Facebook fan. I had a mix of pineapple, cherry and other juices that was refreshing and fantastic.

Service is prompt and the owner/managers are very friendly. It's the epitome of what a small restaurant/eatery should be.
I wish I could tell you the exact chaat I tried, but it is a chaat whose name may not exist unless, "Mix me up your best one and make it extra extra spicy," is an actual chaat variety. See, I couldn't decide which one of the many special chaats, "from mild to wild," to try so I just left it to the professionals. Ever-so friendly, the helpful man behind the counter really hooked it up.

The above specifications resulted in rice puffs, cashews, potatoes and vegetables, something pickled... The combination was a super spicy mix accented with salty crunch, sweet fruits, tart drizzles of tamarind sauce and  cool yogurt. No taste bud or texture was left unturned. I enjoyed this Indian street food style snack. I'm not surprised, as I am a fan of snacks; I'm all about the snacks of all nations over here.

I don't know if there has been an instance in life where a samosa has been on the menu and I haven't ordered it? I can't imagine. Husband and I split the samosa chaat too. Desi Chaat House makes some first-rate vegetable samosas, they do. Just an order of these two snacks was a feast.

The sweet, sweet mango lassi I slurped down dyed my mouth an orange that would really be an terrible lipstick shade choice for this self-respectin' ginger.  It was worth the resulting questionable look.

I mentioned that the man behind the counter was friendly and helpful. Lemme stress that point: excellent service here. And generous! A thunderstorm broke right as we were about to leave, so we were kind of hangin around the little shop, milking that last of the lassi, and waiting for the rain to let up a little. He offered us sample of some kulfi for desert- a sample that turned out to be an actual ice cream scoop size and that was topped with all kinds of sweet and crunchy toppings and sweet rose syrup... So kind! Another taste explosion to go along with the thunder blasts outside. So appreciated.
Just left this place from having a late lunch/early dinner, and I am very happy. The portions are very nicely sized and the flavor was incredible. The food was spiced but not overly spicy in heat. And the service was very friendly. 

I had the pav bhaji and the samosa. The pav bhaji was exactly how my friends mom used to make for me, and came with 6 pieces of buttered toast! (that's just for one person!) Next time I would get that as an appetizer for 2 to 3 people and then each of us would get something else. 

Overall, this place is cheap for the price but huge for the portions and flavor. Go there now!
So, I went to Desi Chaat again this weekend to be even more pleasantly surprised (hence, why the one star upgrade.) 

1. Friendliness - the guy behind the counter was super nice and really helpful in figuring out what I wanted. The co-owner (I'm assuming) was outside on his phone, yet, when I stepped into the restaurant he still greeted me with a smile and a hand.

2. Cleanliness - everything looked organized, neat, clean and just presented well

3. The food - I am really growing to like chaat. I got the samosa chaat this time. It had crisps at the bottom, chickpeas and potatoes on top of that, some mint leaves, and a few sauces including a yogurt and an onion-type chutney. It was extremely good although at points I had a hard time figuring out what exactly I was eating. 
I order VERY spicy and it was nice and spicy, but I still think that they could do more. 

4. The price is right. It is very inexpensive and one container of the chaat with a mango lassi will cost under $9 and will feed two not very hungry people or one and a half hungry people.
Out of nowhere, I woke up one morning to find a bright orange awning with a chili pepper and "Desi Chaat House" staring at me across the street. 
I went in and asked when they opened - the man standing at the door responded with a friendly smile that they will be opening the very next day at 11AM.

As suddenly as this awning appeared, this place opened - Tuesday, October 13, 2009 to be exact. 

Their hours are daily, from 11AM to 11PM. They accept credit cards.


I had no idea what chaat tasted like - (ok, I really had no idea what it was) and so, after work I stopped in for a mango lassi. It was as bright as the wonderful awning outside. Personally, it was a little too sweet for my taste, however, otherwise, satisfying.

I told the same friendly man I had no idea what it was.... He responded by saying that it is a mixture of sweet/savory/tangy/spicy - just different mixtures of complementary flavors together. He offered me a free sample of the fruit chaat, which I just couldn't pass up. It was pretty good - the fruit seemed pretty fresh and it definitely had a spicy flavor to it. Of course, when I said I liked spicy they judged me and made it as mild as an ice cream cone, but a free sample is a free sample and that I can't complain about.

Overall, try this place if you're around and hungry - I need to try the other Chaats to see whether I will continue going here. Their choices seem a little limited, but I'm assuming and hoping that it's because they just opened.
I'm going with a soild 4 stars here.  The food was very, very good.  I think we had a perfect setting for our dining experience.  A warm summer's evening, hot but not too hot and the charm that is 42nd & Baltimore.

We began with the veggie samosas which were plentiful and absolutely delicious.  They are served with a mixture of sauces on a plate and when you cut into them, chickpeas and all other sorts of tasty morsels fall out and mix with the deliciousness on the plate.  It's almost a sensory overload.

Next we went with two chaats, the mumbai chaat and the ahndra chaat.  I can't tell you which is which because I liked them both equally.  They asked how spicy we liked it and we of course said "spicy, bring it on."  Yeah they brought it.

These chaats had intense flavor that set my mouth a blaze and made me want more.  This isn't Man vs Food style hot, but the kind of hot that makes you drink water and say "damn that was good, I think i'll have another bite."

At this price point, you simply cannot beat the quantity and quality of this food.  It's a dream come true if you appreciate strong flavors and good solid street style food.

Cheers Desi.  You've just got yourself a new fan.
I'm on a roll lately. Five stars to Gold Club, with a two star average. Two stars for Modern Eye, with a five star average. Annnnd now two stars for Desi Chaat House which has a glowing five star average.

Having recently discovered my taste for Indian food (discounting one meal that I ate before the Phish concert that I wanted to throw up later in the night due to exhaustion), I have been dying to try Desi Chaat House. I like crispy, I like street food, I like new things, and this place has had rave reviews, including both of my trusty Philly food resources: City Paper's Meal Ticket AND Phoodie. But I wasn't blown away. At all.

The "facebook fan" drink I received was by far the highlight of the meal. It was fresh tasting and mangoey and bright orange. But the rest? The lower end of decent.

I ordered the papri chaat and Mike got the samsoa chaat. We drove back to Fairmount from West Philly to eat at home - maybe this latency period is to blame for the sogginess and wetness that occured about half way through our trays, but it sucked. Mike found the last third of his tray to be too wet and inedible and I understand. Don't get me wrong - the first few bites were delicious, full of little mango bits, potatoes, chick peas, and crispy papris. But the last half of my meal was oversaturated with sauce that I wasn't wowed by to begin with and the last few bites were pretty gnarly and had to be trashed.

Also, Yelpers seem to rave about how helpful the guy working is and he wasn't that helpful. He was quiet, didn't offer to explain anything even though it was clearly our first visit, and forgot to give me my complimentary facebook fan drink and didn't seem too thrilled when I reminded him about it (can't fault him there, but don't extend an online offer you don't feel like enthusiastically fulfilling).

Two too wet stars.
LOVE Desi Chaat house!!! My favorite is by far the Delhi Chaat

Positives:
a) the owners/employees are extremely friendly and helpful, Im sure they expect people to be slightly confused by what is going on on the menu so don't be afraid to ask them a million questions if you need to because you can see how excited they get to answer anything and everything about their restaurant
b) the food is AWESOME
c) the drinks are AWESOME and super creative
d) You can have an entire meal and a drink for less than $6 (win!)
e) lots of parking
f) You can probably eat there every single day for 2-3 weeks and eat something different and delicious each time

Negatives:
a)Be sure to research their menu before you go because they simply have a board with names of the various chaats (descriptions are not provided on this board.) The owners and employees will be more than happy to provide you with a verbal description of each dish but if you're like me, you wont be able to remember the difference between any of the chaats by the time he's at the bottom of the list.   (http://www.desichaathouse.com/DesiChaatHouse_Menu_Updated020510.pdf )
b) There's hardly any seating so if you go at a busy time, prepare to stand or get it to go
c) some of the dishes are SUPER SPICY! so if you cant handle it, make sure you specify before the food is made

Even if you've never eaten Indian food before, I recommend trying the tangy, crispy, chaat offerred at Desi Chaat House and it's something you'll definitely keep coming back for:)
I'm pretty adventurous when it comes to food and really, genuinely tried to not be disgusted by what I was putting in my mouth but it was pretty gross. I have a feeling American people are only giving this such good ratings to prove their adventurous palette but it just wasn't good. It was horribly sweet and the mixture of a cold sweet sauce and a lukewarm spicy sauce did not taste right no matter how much I tried to convince myself. Besides the chaat, the vegetable samosas were good. I will be making my way to a different Indian spot though for those.
After several years of eating at Desi Chaat House, I can say with some authority that this is still as consistently good as it was the first time I discovered this place. Don't listen to all of the critics with 1 to 3 star reviews. It seems like they didn't know what to order, so they got the cheapest item on the menu (the Papri Chaat) just to try it. That's like someone going to an Italian restaurant, ordering the garlic breadsticks, and basing a review on that. I never give a bad review based on one visit to a place.

That said, for all of you chaat novices out there, get something that has something familiar in it to you. If you like chicken, get the Chicken Chaat or even the Chicken Samosa Chaat. I just had the pleasure of eating the latter today and it was quite delightful (curried chicken inside the samosa!). The Chicken Chaat has diced pieces of Tandoori chicken on top of the chaat. Good stuff! If you're adventurous, try the Crazy Chaat which has all of the different kinds of chaats segmented neatly on your plate. Not for the meat lovers, but it's a really nice veggie and grain meal.
Nothing compares to Desi Chaat House.

After eating so many not so great chaats along the way, I now know that the chaat served at Desi Chaat House exceeds all standards in portion size, quality, and taste.  There are so many great options to choose from in addition to deciding whether or not to go MILD or WILD!

It seems that at any other restaurant, chaat is served as a appetizer or after thought.  I love how the chaat here is the star!  The portion that is given is filling enough to be a meal, which I happen to like when I want to feel full but not necessarily weighed down.

Whatever system they use for preparing the chaat is super efficient.  No matter how busy they are service is very speedy.  The employees are also very kind to match.

Now that I no longer live in the Philadelphia area, I'm sad that Desi Chaat house is no longer in my weekly rotation.  But whenever I visit, I'll be sure to stop by.  

Dear Desi Chaat House, please stay in business for the rest of my life.  Signed, a loyal customer.
Good place to go to for a quick bite. Decent food, pretty overpriced. Situated well in a residential part of university city. Would recommend them to lower prices. I asked for an orange juice, to which the shop owner said $7, so I literally had to say never mind. I'm not paying that much for juice, I don't care how pure it is.
I eat here all the time.  
Pros:  Good food/ Good Staff / Clean and neat kitchen/ spiciness can be adjusted on a level from 1-3, where 3 is the highest.

Cons: I think they should make fresh juice, (but m not certain it would sell in the area)

I have had most of the chaats and I'm partial to the Delhi chaat.  (Chips, cranberry, yogurt, pomegranate, mango, potato, cashews, onions, parsley, and  tamarind?)

It's  perhaps the healthiest food in an area surrounded by 2 pizza shops, Starbucks, Subway, and a newly opened Dunkin Donuts.  

The owner is frequently there and takes pride in preparing his dishes.  He has been featured in Philadelphia Weekly for his West Philly eatery.
This place is turning into quite the hotspot, as it just opened up 6 months ago.  Its in an ideal location, as it is nestled in near some apts, a local church and a green line stop and has little else to compete with it.

I went there recently with some lab colleagues, who are Indian, and they nothing but praise for the Chaat here. My Chaat (No.2) was pretty good, and the best way to go is vegeterian, is that is how real Chaat from Indian is. We also had tea after our meal, which was pretty good too  My Indian colleagues felt it was on par with the Chaat that they used to eat in India-the ultimate compliment.

The owner is a really personable fellow and really makes an effort to recognize faces. He recently chided my roomie for his absence, as Kevin had been a regular in the fall, but had tapered off.  

They also recently added Indian Ice Creams, which I had a taste of. They are delicious and I definitely plan to go there for the ice cream in the future.
My boyfriend and I LIVE HERE. Its the best thing about west philly! 
Cheap, fast, and so so so good!

Kashmiri and Punjabi are our favorites... I like mine spicy, but always ask especially if you are sensitive.

I STRONGLY recommend the Mango Lassi, especially if you are getting something a little spicy-it cuts the heat right down!

Also, if you need a little dessert-ask for "halwa" 
I cant even describe it... i think it was some sort of condensed milk? carrots? i have no idea. please just trust me.

The fun part of chaat is that i have no idea what the hell i am eating. ever.

when people ask i just tell them they have to try it :)
I was pleasantly surprised when I found out this place in university city. Being a chaat-lover, I thought to give it a try. And since after my first visit, I've been frequenting to this place. The food is great - Samosa with cooked chickpea is the best samosa you get in Philly, Bombay chaat tastes almost like chaat you get in Mumbai streets (so what if I don't get that extra punch I used to get in actual chaat in streets of Mumbai, but this is much better than other crappy fake indian food joints out there in Philly). And the owner is an awesome guy who does not mind chatting with you how ever busy he is.

And yes, don't forget to try the innovative Paan-icecream :)

Yes, thumbs up to the biriyaani too!
Never stepped foot in this store because I ordered from Uber Eats! I have driven by it and it looks like a hole in the wall but whatever I love those!

This is my first experience ordering from a restaurant that exclusively sells chaat. I've tried samosa chaat at an Indian restaurant before but didn't know what chaat meant and never knew it could be made in so many different ways. I made a big Uber eats order (to be eaten over a course of few meals) because I was curious. 

Turns out the experience was super fun and interesting! Basically the chaat come in all variations of chickpeas, crispy prices (fried dough strips or noodles of some sort), tamarind, fruits, onions, turnips?, this green stuff (I think mint?), and yogurt, seeds, all layered on top of each other and mixed together like some crazy weird dip.  Some of them have meat and some of them don't. They all seem to be served room temperature minus the meat topping.

I tried the pani puri, samosas, samosa chaat, and chicken biryani.  I also got some lamb chaat but they gave me bhel puri instead (I think) which was vegetarian. Uber refunded my money for the wrong order so I was happy. I also got medium heat which wasn't spicy at all. The samosa chaat was savory but the bhel puri was sweet and tart. The pani puri were these little hollow balls you had to crack and fill with the chickpea mix and the tamarind/date water. It felt like I was eating dainty little escargots--but not as gross and also vegetarian.

Everything tasted great except the chicken biryani which was really boring. It was like a halal guy's wannabe but no white sauce included!! Get halal chicken and rice instead or chicken biryani from your favorite Indian restaurant, just not this one. 

For dessert, I got this pink milk drink with the rice noodles, faluda, which reminded me of Vietnamese che, and the carrot halwa, which I had tried once at an Indian wedding. I loved the faluda but the halwa was a bit drier than I remembered.

Overall, I'm super impressed with how authentic and unique this little hole in the wall restaurant is. It's Indian food but not your typical stuff like the chicken tikka, naan, curries, whatever that you would find at other places. I loved this glimpse into a subset of Indian street food. Coming from a person that knows the ins and outs of Chinese food, it is amazing to discover the variations of Indian food exist as well!

Oh and LPT, I found the chaat tasted better after leaving in the fridge for a day (like all Asian takeout and leftovers) so it's perfectly fine to take some home.
Hell Yes Desi Chaat. I love Indian food, the other restaurant this family owns, and it still took me so long to make it in the door. Mistake. Two very friendly guys, very fresh food full of salty spicy tangy sweet (YES!!!!!) and affordable prices. I did read the print out menu for more description, but could hardly decide, so I just choose two. I love the hot little chilis in the Papri chaat, as well as the broad mixture of chaats and the fresh radish. There was definitely some tamarind in that sauce! The fruit chaat was a little dull with comparison, though I liked the little beans and potatoes in combination with the fruit salad. Next time I'll just ask for more kick! 

 I presented a $2 off coupon from RecycleBank, and when the manager realized that it didn't have an expiry date, he handed it back to me and told me to use it again. Servings are large enough to make one a meal, which I did in Clark Park. Oh, I'll be back. I must try all Chaats.
My boyfriend has said so many good things about this place and I finally got a chance to check it out this past weekend with him. As someone who had no idea what "chaat" is, the large selection of chaat was overwhelming to me, especially when I cannot picture what each would look like. So I decided to play it safe and went with chicken biryani. My boyfriend got their special chaat of the day. We both got a veggie samosa and I got a mango lassi. I loved the lassi. It's so delicious and creamy. They give you bunch of sauces with the samosa. I liked the chickpea sauce. I enjoyed the chicken biryani, especially the mint yogurt sauce it comes with on the side. After trying out the chaat, I felt it's more like a snack then a meal but they give you a large amount of it. 

I would definitely go back there to try out other chaats they have on the menu. You get good quality of food with a very reasonable price.
Really bad service, the cashier was ignoring us for a good ten minutes before finally asking us what we wanted. The prices were good so thats why it's a 3/5, but I don't think I'd go back. Probably more convenient for local students anyways. And ordered the papri chaat
When I was a kid I used to love throwing together a whole buncha different types of cereal: Grapenuts, Froot Loops, Captain Crunch, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Honey Comb, Cocoa Puffs etc... I would mix these up in a giant bowl and eat it...dry.

As I grew up, I acquired a taste for spice and mixed diced vegetables and plain yogurt. (...adulthood does strange things to tastebuds, no?) 

Desi Chaat House did me a huge favor last night. They made all of my wild childhood fantasies about mixed cereals come true. The Punjabi Chaat was a mix of different types of Indian crunchies - think more like Corn Flakes than Frosted Flakes; fried tortilla chips instead of cinnamon twists - topped with perfectly cubed, chopped crunchy vegetables and seasoned with creamy Indian yogurt, cilantro and some sort of Indian hot sauce. 

Oh...and the Pani Puri is a fun flavor bomb of delicious things. It's a crispy pillow pocket that you load up with some sort of spicy vegetable mixture, douse in spice water, and throw into your mouth (or, if you're feeling gutsy, your date's mouth), crunch down on and let EXPLODE. It's messy. You'll probably drip. But it's worth it. Promise.
spicy, yet creamy.  sweet, yet salty.  hot, and cold.  in, and out.
no, this is not a katy perry songstress of the moment pop song.
this is about my experience with my first ever chaat.  

so apparently another unnamed restaurant is actually closed for lunch (who does that?) and improvisation had to occur, and thus, i ended up at the desi chaat house.

for the samosas alone, i would give a flashing 5 stars.  really.  i think its the utterly savory chickpea sauce that does it for me.

and as for my chaat virginity?  i started gently, with the chicken chaat. and you know what? i didn't regret it being gone for a single tasty mouthful.  and i will say yes to more yogurt, more tamarind, more crunchy goodness....

and for dessert?  mango lassi.  

off to dream a little chaat dream...
Desi Chaat House is quite innocuous as you pass by it. It's located in a residential part of University City and sticks out quite a lot amongst the homes that surround it. This humble store however packs quite a punch in flavor! 

I ordered the Samosa Chaat, which was recommended to me by the owner. I'd never had chaat before, so I was really excited to try something new. What was presented to me was totally unexpected. Essentially, there were chips(?), potatoes, chickpeas, and a whole samosa drenched in this tamarind-like sweet sauce and a milky white sauce. Usually, I'm not a fan of drenching things in a lot of sauce (like the white sauce when I'm getting chicken over rice at a Halal cart), but MAN, it really worked well in this dish. This is a hot and cold dish, pairing the slightly cold sauces with the warm samosa. What resulted was a delicious and complex flurry of flavors, textures, and temperatures! Every ingredient complemented each other quite nicely. I particularly appreciated the addition of potatoes and chickpeas, as they helped to settle the almost overwhelming sauce. This is also a very filling dish because of all the carbs in it. I was ready to take a fat nap afterwards. This was a great experience, but the reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is because of the samosa. The potato-pea filling was a little too medicinal for my palate, and I do wish it was hotter. 

I still don't really know what chaat is (haha), but I really look forward to tasting other intriguing menu items the next time I pop by! I highly recommend it!
If you're like me, you know it can feel like a waste of money buying something you can easily make at home, like a turkey sandwich. You will probably never have that feeling ordering from the Desi Chaat House. The delicious chaat plates are composed of long, weird indecipherable mixes of wet and dry ingredients that would take a couple confusing hours to find at the Dana Mandi. To stock a fresh supply of these ingredients at home would be onerous. So it is a nice addition to the neighborhood to have a take-out chaat place open up.

The Desi Chaat House is also a nice calm, quiet, and quick alternative to Kabobeesh, which is very crowded these days. I have never waited more that a couple minutes to have my order taken. Parking nearby can be tricky but not impossible.

Fantastic mango lassi and baklava. Very clean. Real friendly owner.
I might love this place more than I love my husband.

The biryanis are amazing... just like my mom's.

The samosa chaat can't be beat.  I mean, samosas are good, but then cover them in chic peas and chutneys and veggies and cilantro?!?  I'm ready to drive all the way across town right now to get more.  

Oh, and all the spicy comments.... no one is exaggerating about that.
The chat was pathetic. It was weird and had weird textures too sour too sweet. I asked for punjabi chat it lacked the main ingredient aloo tikki. Well I had to throw it in dustbin. I also bought a chicken samosa it was stale and as soon as I put my hand to pick it opened and all fillings came out. Over priced and not authentic
Came here for the first time during finals. Its bright orange facade had caught my attention in the past, and I'm very happy I finally got around to trying it. The chaat is amazing and very affordable - great for a quick lunch or dinner to go. So far I have tried panipuri and chicken chaat and loved both. The chicken provided a lot more food for an extra dollar, but the panipuri experience was also very satisfying, despite leaving me a bit hungry. Still, for the price you can't beat the taste and value from the chaat offerings they give. I have also tried the chicken biryani, which is a chicken and rice dish. It was good, but had too many small bones for my tastes. I definitely will be going back for more chaats soon.
When I lived in philly, I came to this place an absurd amount of times. Not because it's the best tasting chaat or anything, but it's quick, convenient, and cheap. For around 6 bucks, you can get food in less than five minutes and it's reasonably filling.

For those of you who are looking for something a little more exotic, try the pani puri chaat - there are these little crisp puffs that you poke a hole into, and fill with a chaat mixture and some tamarind water.

One of the best things about chaat is that you get a different set of flavors and textures in every bite, which is a pretty enjoyable experience.
I highly recommend this place because of the tasty dishes, drinks, and desserts. 

I had never had chaat before coming here. Chaat is healthy and full of flavors and textures. The restaurant also has clear signs denoting which dishes are vegan. 

My favorite dishes here are the samosa (vegetable and chicken), chicken chaat, Bengali chaat, mango lassi, and rice pudding. 2-3 samosa with chickpeas and tamarind sauce make a great, fast dinner for under $5. The chaats are all around $6 and the desserts are around $4. I would suggest giving chaat another try if your first order doesn't meet expectations -- after all, if you are not familiar with Indian street food, what expectations can you have? There are chaats from many regions and each has a unique flavor. My downstairs neighbor says that Desi Chaat House makes her feel like she's back in India. 

I can eat here every day -- this restaurant comes with my highest recommendation!
My boyfriend lives a block away from desi chaat house and ever since he moved in last September, we've eaten desi chaat at least once a week if not more. Thats saying alot, too, because we love to go out to restaurants all over Philly and cook at home often as well, so repeats of restaurants are far and in between. The prices are very reasonable and we always have leftovers which are actually still good a couple hours later. We've tried a bunch of things on the menu and have introduced it to many of our friends as well. But our personal favs are the papri chaat (nice and simple but so so so good), bhel puri, pani puri (just like in India), and my boyfriend loves the gulab jamun as well. If we didn't live so close, the lack of seating would def be a problem- instead I call and place the order and my boyfriend goes and picks it up. I'm going to be so sad when his lease is over in the fall and he moves closer to drexel/penn and we can't just get desi chaat on a whim anymore... although i think we would still take treks all the way out to baltimore just for some yummy chaat. 

i'm about to go order some right now actually. yum.
Let me preface this by saying that I had no clue what chaat was before coming to this place. I think I might have googled it right before I placed the order, but that isn't saying much. I actually heard that this place was not that good, which combined with the fact that I did not know what chaat was resulted in me not having tried this place sooner. Anyways, I'm really glad I did. I ordered the samosa chaat thinking even if I did not like the chaat, I would like the samosa. (I've never met a samosa I didn't like). To my surprise, the dish had tons of great flavors and veggies in addition to the samosa. The sauces that were in the mix were really great at pulling the entire dish together. However, the samosa did get a little soggy because of the sauces. I think the overall price of this awesome veggie, samosa, sauce mixture was about $6, which is amazing in itself considering that they do not skimp on the portions.
This is one of the times I am really disappointed in the rating of the restaurant. Some of the food sold here is really stale. One of the items today, vada pav was so stale that you could smell it having gone bad. It was still served. The chaats are nothing special either.

To me, avoid at all costs
I miss Desi Chaat House so much!  I have dreamed of finding a place like this here in North Jersey but sadly have not.   Just thinking of that tasty samosa topped with chaat and delicious sauces makes my mouth water.  I love the combination of sweet, spicy, and crunchy.  It is a delicious treat.  I cannot wait until I am in Philadelphia again, I will surely visit!
I like this place. I've never had chaat and so the first time I asked the guy who works there what chaat is. He said it is Indian street food and he described chaat was being something that is sweet and sour and tangy and spicy and and salty and excitement for your mouth. 

That's pretty much correct. I've tried 3 different chaats. They were all called chaat, but they were all pretty different, so it's still not clear to me why all these things that are so different are all still called chaat, but that's the way it is. In any case, they were all very good. I especially like the Lamb Chaat. Another time I also tried the chicken biryani and that was pretty good (biryani is not chaat). And the samosas and lassi are also very good.

I've been here about 3 times in the last 3 weeks, and I definitely plan on going back, and through campus food it looks like you can have your food delivered. 

For those interested - here's a portion of what wikipedia says about chaat........ 

The word derives from Hindi c  (tasting, a delicacy), from cn  (to lick), from Prakrit caei  (to devour with relish, eat noisily).[1]

The chaat variants are all based on fried dough, with various other ingredients. The original chaat is a mixture of potato pieces, crispy fried bread Dahi vada or Dahi Bhalla ("Bhalla" in Hindi), gram or chickpeas and tangy-salty spices, with sour home-made Indian chilli and Saunth (dried ginger and tamarind sauce), fresh green coriander leaves and yogurt for garnish, but other popular variants included Aloo tikkis (garnished with onion, coriander, hot spices and a dash of curd), bhel puri, dahi puri, panipuri, dahi vada, papri chaat, and sev puri.
Desi Chaat House caught my attention because it serves some Indian food items I hadn't tried before, specifically chaat. When I stepped inside, I was greeted by friendly people that seemed happy to see me. I asked for a recommendation and stated that I like spicy food. The Delhi Chaat was recommended and I went with it. I also added a Vada Pav to my order since I know I like them and would love to have a spot where I can get them as a snack whenever I want. I didn't pay a lot of attention to the preparation of the food but I did see them microwave the vada pav. 

The Delhi Chaat was good but not as flavorful as I'm accustomed to with good Indian food. I liked the crunchy toppings a lot, it makes the dish seem like a snack. It wasn't very spicy and the girl at the counter did check to see if it was spicy enough which I appreciated. When I said that it wasn't she offered to make it spicier. I handed it back to her and she added more sauce which to me actually tasted kind of like a standard American vinegar based hot sauce such as Frank's Red Hot. It still wasn't spicy in my opinion, but I do have a high tolerance to chilis. The Vada Pav was actually spicier than the chaat. I liked it even though I have had better ones. I like the whole concept of a fried potato patty eaten as a slider, basically a comfort food snack.

The food was served fast, no long wait. Probably because it's already pre-made but I still liked it. I will certainly come back to grab more chaat and vada pav. It's a good quick filling snack that doesn't amaze but still satisfies.
When I first went, I had no idea what a chaat is, I'll be honest. I was going off of the Yelp reviews and really venturing into the unknown. Luckily, the owner was super awesome to my guest and I and explained every ingredient and nearly every menu item it seemed like, although it was relatively closing time. He gave us really good and individualized suggestions, and both my friend and I are now chaat believers. 

The restaurant itself is very low-key and if it was closer, I would get lunch from here everyday.
Went here yesterday, and had Papri Chaat, Veg Biryani & Kheer.

Being indian, and having eaten chaat at a ton of places in the SF Bay Area, I think I can say with some conviction that this is one of the best chaat places in the US. They did a really great job adding uncommon chaat ingredients like cranberries, mango etc, and the balance of flavors was dead-on. And the quantity is pretty generous, and the prices pretty reasonable. The veg biryani was also really good ( I ordered mild). Everything seemed freshly made and well done. And after a complimentary kheer tasting, we ended up getting a box of the kheer (rice pudding) as well. Also awesome!

And the best part was that there was no crowd, since college is off, so we were able to sit there and eat very comfortably. So, if you ever wanted to try this place, the time is now :D
I was curiously optimistic when I first heard about this place from a friend of mine who's generally in the know on important issues like these. Good chaat a block and a half from my house? Sounded too good to be true. But like most ethnic cuisine in west philly, this place is the real deal. I tried the bhel puri and the paapri chaat on my first trip and was 1) impressed by the authenticity and great taste of the dishes, and 2) blown away by the fact that this place now exists.
 
Definitely belongs in the rotation of places you visit every couple of weeks, up there with west philly institutions like Kabobeesh and the Vietnamese market up on 46th. Even if you've never tried chaat (especially if), check this place out!
What an interesting experience. We had no idea what chaat was or what to expect from the various items on the menu so we randomly ordered chicken chaat, Delhi chaat, and panpuri Chaat. All were $6-7 and fairly good portions. Each dish had a layer of crispy tortilla-ish bites, the meat or potato (maybe?) layer which was coated in a yogurt sauce and then topped with more sauces or lot of different crunchy items. Honestly we weren't quite sure what we were eating but it was very fun and tasty. We learned later than Chaat is meant to be a snack but sharing 3 items between 2 people was a good meal. The food was prepared quickly and looked very fresh. I would definitely go back for the experience but maybe ask a few more questions and bring someone who knows what to order.
I'm a fan!

I went with a friend. Since we are both (somewhat) vegetarians, we were pleased with the wide array of vegetarian options. It's family-owned, which is quite evident with the great service and affordable prices. The dishes are all about $6 and will fill you up! We got our food to go and ate in Clark Park, which made for an affordable, yet wonderful evening!

Facebook fans get a free specialty cocktail!
The place isn't much to look at but I was really impressed by the food. The guy working there was really friendly too. I had the samosa chaat. It was two samosa's covered in chickpeas, a variety of sauces, red onions and yogurt. There also a bunch of crispy bits not too unlike corn flakes (better than it sounds) that you find in a lot of indian snacks. Made for a fun variety of textures and flavors. Pretty good for $5. Will definelty become one of my new baltimore ave cheap snacks to go along with bike shop bagels, tofu hoagies and sesame tofu. Looking forward to trying some of the other offering. Plus the guy working there says they are open till 10.
I've been here many times for chaat and veg dishes which I've liked for the most part. Today I was craving chicken and rice platter so I stopped in for some juice and thought I would get it there. What a mistake honestly. The chicken or rice- I can't tell- has an after taste that is cumulative as you eat and eventually I had to stop eating it because it was making my stomach upset. The yogurt or white sauce was also very weird. That doesn't even touch on the service the guy is always aloof and barely looks at you, like he doesn't have to be talkative but he could be a little nicer. Not the best trip here.
I have been going to Desi Chaat House regularly since it opened. I have had every vegetarian item on their menu (barring some of the rotating specials). They are far and away my favorite Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and they never disappoint. The servings are generous, hot food is always served hot, cold food is always served cold, their ingredients taste fresh and they are always willing to accomodate requests. Since it's cold out today I decided to try their egg curry, which is delicious, extremely filling, and warmed me right up. Their vegetable curry is similarly great... I could sing praises for every single item on their menu, but I'll restrain myself for the sake of brevity.

It is easy to be intimidated by Desi Chaat's menu. Its writing doesn't really explain what each chaat is or tastes like until you've already tried the item at least once. I actually found this to be an advantage, because to counter my confusion about what I had already tried I decided to go through each item on their menu one by one. It is all wonderful, and I have never experienced anything less than perfect service here.

Give it a try!
On my deathbed, my only regret will be that I spent somewhere from one-quarter to one-third of my life never having eaten at Desi Chaat House.  If it is at all feasible for you to be eating here, you need to be doing it NOW.

Chaat is kind of like Indian Chex Mix, blended over yogurt, veggies, chutney, fruit, nuts, potatoes...whatever!  None of the chaats here cost more than $6, but you'll get a huge tray of dense, delicious, flavorful goodness - certainly enough for at least one meal, and anywhere from mildly spicy to sinus-clearingly hot.  I recommend the Delhi Chaat and the Crazy Chaat (which isn't listed on the menu for some reason, but is basically a mix of everything, with little crisps from all different parts of India.)  The desserts here are solid too.  I always pick up an order of Ras Malai when I'm here, but the gulab jamun and ice cream are also really good.

Do be warned that there's little in the way of seating or ambiance.  There's room for maybe eight people inside, so it definitely seems like more of a take-out spot.  If it's nice outside, they do have a sidewalk table, or you can take your chaat to Clark Park and dine al fresco.

I hope to love my future children as much as I love Desi Chaat House.
So, here's what I know...
1) I've driven past this place a gazillion times. 
2) This is my 1st time having chaat.
3) I will keep driving past this place in the future.
4) I may never eat chaat again on my life.

Why? Because of Desi Chaat House. Like, yo! This is the most confusing food item I've eaten since baby food. I'm pretty adventurous, but herein lies the problem...I don't even know what it was supposed to be. It surely didn't look like the picture on the menu. It was layers of crunchy, with cold potato chunks, chick peas, onions, craisins?, 3 dices of mango (literally) with a ladle of yogurt, tamarind?, and something bright green. Serious. I posted a pic.

Whatever. It was an unbalanced, cold, unloved "hot" mess. Even from watching the way the guy assembled it...I should've known. 

Maybe I picked the wrong menu item. But the cashier was also hocking up spit in the back while I ate...I couldn't get over the noise. Pretty nightmarish sound.

 Bye, Desi. I was hoping you'd be a winning find.
I wish they had an additional star!  I absolutely CRAVE their Chaats and Lassi's!  Always fresh, affordable, absolutely spotless clean, and the owner is beyond helpful!  Tell him what you like / don't like, and he'll whip you up something unique.  I really can't say enough about it. 

I think that the people who gave it low scores just must not understand what exactly a Chaat is... or Indian food... I don't know, because this place is amazing!
First of all, this place is pretty awesome. The owner is so friendly and helpful, and it's great to hear that they're opening up two new locations in March. (Apparently, one is going to be at 37th and Lancaster. Chaat, in MY neighborhood? I'm going to get fat. So fat.)

Anyway, the wonders that Desi Chaat House has worked with this former headshop space are also impressive. The store is impeccably clean, and although they don't have any kitchen or oven space, they've still managed to stock a decently sized menu menu, from a slightly overwhelming variety of chaat to chicken and vegetable biryani, which I'm itching to try one of these days. The menu featured some recognizable names, including pani puri, bhel puri, etc., and also some more vague items like Kashmiri chaat. Also in the fridges were mango lassi and a few other drinks, one of which a friend informed me is some kind of salted pomegranate juice with herbs (intriguing!) The owner is very friendly, and I'm sure if you had questions, you'd have them answered easily.

My boyfriend and I decided to split two orders, one of bhel puri and one of samosa chaat, and also bought two samosas... thinking we would split them. This ended up being WAY too much food, so he's got another lunch out of it. The portions are very generous, to be sure. Also, another thing that I really liked was that we ordered the food spicy, and it was ACTUALLY spicy, without being overwhelming. There was a nice layer of spice with a variety of complex flavors. 

The samosa chaat was good, but the other dish was my favorite. I was impressed at how crispy everything managed to stay, even though we waited a little bit to eat it. The sauces were piquant, the crispy bits were a welcome contrast of textures, and the chickpeas were delicious. The cilantro, other herbs, and onions were all fresh, and mixed in throughout the dish were pomegranate seeds, which added a nice citrus brightness and more texture variety. The samosas were also tasty. In short, the food was quite good!

While my friends and I were ordering, a crowd of Indian college students were also there waiting for us to finish (good sign #1), and when I asked my boyfriend (who is generally very picky about Indian food that his mother hasn't cooked) whether he liked it, he also gave it an enthusiastic endorsement (good sign #2). So while 42nd and Baltimore is a bit of a hike for me right now, I would not hesitate to get food from here again when visiting friends, and I will definitely be headed to the new location as soon as they open.
My wife and I were in Philly yesterday and looking for a place to snack. We explored the menu on yelp and saw that on paper, Desi Chaat House has the most fanfare compared to the other "top" results that yelp showed us. We decided to put these claims to test and boy, were we not disappointed! The menu in house was more extensive than it was online with a whole array of authentic indian chaats, eats and drinks I have not come across in PA. We had the Pav Bhaji, Malwa Mix chaat which was the day's special and Faluda, Mango Lassi for drinks. 
Everything tasted the way it should, which is more than one can ever say for the stuff all the other so called "indian restaurants" put on your plate and call "chaat". The place, though small, is clean and everything was prepared quickly, as this is quintessentially "indian fast food" 
Needless to say, we fell in love with the food and helped ourselves to a couple of other items to-go which were equally delightful! Kudos!! to whoever it is that set this place up, my quest for simple, authentic desi chaat ends!
If I had to describe Desi Chaat House in one word, it would be "amazingly satisfying." "That's two words," you say...I know, I know, but its unfair to contain Desi Chaat House to just one word or even two.  The selection of chaat should please anyone, the variety of lassis and desserts offered always hit the spot, and the ice cream flavors are mind blowing. When have you ever had paan ice cream? How about rose and basil seed? 

Let us not forget the almighty Punjabi samosas they serve. Giant, stuffed triangular pyramids of complete satisfaction. Ask for more Tamarind sauce, and they happily oblige.  Also, the chicken biryani, though spicy, is also amazingly good. 

Desi Chaat House- you are wonderful, and you will always be a favorite.
I've never tried chaat before until JUST this year...and I've been living across the street from this place since my freshmen year here. I truly regret waiting this long to try this place.

I got the Lamb Chaat - Hot and I absolutely loved it. The heat was bearable (although I've heard other people had difficulty) and the chaat was so incredibly fresh. There are fresh chopped veggies in there as well as green chillies too! I also tried the Samosa Chaat and I thought it was amazing as well. 

The thing is with this place is that the menu isn't descriptive, so before you come, you have to research the menu to see what you want to order. But honestly, you won't regret it!
Southwest Philly, PA
A fianc once made me chaat and I am not eager to try it again. It was ok but it didn't capture my taste buds. It was close to Phila College of Pharmacy, my old school, so I just wanted to see this new place that opened up when I drove by. I think it was kind of bland in terms of spices used even though it tasted hot spicy when I tried their rice and veggie dish. I forget what it was called. But I learned from the owner they have some of my favorites: pavajee and sambar soup. I might try that next time. I was just exploring new territory Indian places. I'm the Indian foodie always looking for something new & tasty. Im just use to very rich taste Indian food. This place is more Pakistan/North Indian food I was told by the person who took my order.
Samosa chaat was pretty okay. This is my first chaat, and i probably wont order a chaat again. The food was really heavy, and there were cold sauces meshed together with warm chickpeas and samosa. The blend of warm/cold food was just not great. I want a fully warm meal or a fully cold meal but not two different-temperature foods. But also, the food was nothing impressive. 

I don't think I'm a chaat person.
Ok.  I'm surprised this place has 4.5 stars.  The only reason I'm giving it three stars instead of two is because it's the only place I know of in Philly that serves chaat.  You see, I grew up eating chaat, and damn good chaat at that.  I mean homemade chaat and chaat from Vik's in Berkeley.  I can see how someone who has never had chaat might be attracted to this place for the novelty of it all, but the bottom line is, their chaat is not the best. 

Sure, it can sort of satisfy my chaat craving on occasion, but it's nothing revolutionary and always leaves my longing for the chaat back home.  All of their chaat tastes and looks nearly the same (it shouldn't) and their pani puri water has ice in it (whaa?).
Bahh, didn't have the best experience. I feel like I didn't order the right items, which contributed to me feeling indifferent about Desi Chaat House. I have been waiting to try this chaat place for quite some time, so I was pretty disappointed when it didn't meet my expectations. My boyfriend and I split the chicken biryani and the andhra chaat. The chicken in the biryani was extremely dry and the dish overall lacked flavor. I have had much better biryani elsewhere and it was disheartening to see the biryani dumped in a plastic container then microwaved for a few seconds before serving. The chatt was also disappointing, but again that could have just been because it didn't suit my palette. The andhra chaat was very sweet and tasted almost as if I was eating a dessert -- the overwhelming sweetness kind of threw me off. I definitely expected the dish to be sweet, but I didn't expect for that to be all I tasted. 

I may give this place a second try some time in the future, but for now 2/5 stars.
With an exterior this bright Desi Chaat beckons to be yelped about, so here it is:
Well I made a new friend tonight.  Hassan, the owner told me all about the uniquely Indian street snack called chaat.  He was more than willing to satisfy my every curiosity when it came to my newly discovered dish and even let me taste some of the ingredients he was using.  Served as meal in this country instead of just a snack, chaat is the salty/sweet/spicy/chrunchy Desi Chaat specializes in.  As mainly a takeout place, Desi Chaat is very clean and has only a few seats at a counter.  The menu is very large and everything seems very fresh.  At $6.75 I'm happy to report that the chicken samosa filled me right up to the top.  Pictures above!!
I had to go into work on a Saturday in order to revive my servers after a planned power outage. That's the life of a sysadmin, giving up a weekend day here and there. All of my servers came up fine and I had some time to kill, so I drove deeper in West Philly to find a little Indian takeout restaurant I was curious about, a place called Desi Chaat House, which is reputed to serve authentic Indian fast food and a dish that few Indian restaurants seem to offer: pav bhaji. Pav bhaji is a Marathi fast food dish that consists of bhaji, a thick potato-based curry garnished with coriander, chopped onion, and a dash of lemon, and baked pav. The pav is usually buttered on all sides. Service was painfully slow at Desi Chaat. There was only one person behind the counter and he took his time taking and preparing the orders. All the spices were stored in big candy jars and sauces were in convenient squeeze bottles. Unfortunately, a lot of the food was pre-prepared and refrigerated. Pav bhaji is best enjoyed fresh off the grill. Still, Desi Chaat's rendition of pav bhaji gets a thumbs up from me. It's chunky and spicy with lots of potatoes, peas, and cauliflower. Think of a good, warm, absolutely delicious veggie salsa that you eat with butter toasted White Castle burger buns. The other five customers in line were all Indian, which is a great sign. The menu is completely Indian, unlike some ethnic places that try include fried chicken on their menus to cater to the locals. "How spicy?" the server behind the counter asked. "Spicy," I replied. I had been to India and had the real deal, so I expected it here. The price was right at $5.99. Most every dish was $5.99 or less. Chaat update: Since my first review, I've had the pleasure of experiencing many different chaats from Desi Chaat House. The chicken and lamb chaats are very nice, perfect for meat-eaters. The kashmiri chaat is my favorite of the veggie ones. I personally find not much difference in many of the different chaats as they all seem to have as a base some mix of potatoes and chickpeas with different cereals and nuts. The Dahi Bhalla (black gram dumplings) are good. It's like eating a doughball that absorbs the flavors of the sauces. The mango lassi is awesome. I've been getting one almost every time now. The paan ice cream is surprisingly delicious. The first taste was really weird, but it grew on me with the second, third, fourth scoops. Whoa, this is really good! A taste of India!!!
We ordered the samosa chaat and Aloo Tiki chaat. I personally like the samosa chaat more since I am a big fan of samosa. Aloo Tiki chaat is slightly spicy. The chaat is cold overall, with a hot samosa or Aloo Toki on top, which is a bit different than I expected. But doesn't affect the taste much. I like the crunchiness of the crackers on the bottom soaked in the sauce/yogurt. This is my first time trying Chaat and absolutely love it! 

What makes this place even better is their Customer Service! The owner is super duper friendly and very patient when explaining the menu items to us!!! I will def come back again!
Originally I came here for the $1 deals on Baltimore Ave $1 fests and tried their samosas and lentil dumplings. The samosas are vegetable only with potatoes and peas but heavy on potatoes. The joy of getting them is to be able to slather on all the house sauces. It's affordable to the poor student at $1.50 a pop. The dumplings have a fried taste without actually being fried (or at least visibly so) or greasy. I'm not sure how it's done. The happy slathering of sauces also applies.

Speaking of poor students, this place is a little out of my price range (i.e. lunch truck price range) but for all of my destitute friends out there, I must say that when you cannot stomach another bowl of ramen or spaghetti-o's, the food here is quality and worth the price. 

Do not be intimidated by the choices on the chalk board simply because you don't understand any of the words. If you don't know what to get, ask the staff who are usually the owners on site. They are very friendly and genuinely want you to have a good food experience.

I'd like to conclude with a shout out to the mango lassi they serve which is actually yogurt based instead of the usual blended mango ice cream. The sour yogurt base tastes very homey and healthy despite the drink's rather dubious opaque appearance. It's not too sweet. Perfect. A must try.
The Bhel and Papri Chaat are wonderful. It is a refreshing change from the other Indian restaurants in University City. Portion sizes are generous and its not usually a long wait. 

The Pav Bhaji is cooked in the mornings usually and does taste a little stale in the evenings, if they haven't run out that is. Could be avoided later in the evening. But this does not take away from the fresh and spicy chutny. 

I feel this place could quadruple its business by shifting to Spruce or Walnut street. Not everyone wants to trek all the way to Baltimore. 

Highly Recommended
THis place was definitely a pleasant surprise. I lived in the neighborhood in the early 2000's and haven't returned until now to check out this place. I have to say it was not as good as what you'd get in India but it's very close. In fact, this is as close as you'd get to India from Philadelphia. Very clean, pleasant environment, nice people and amazing food at amazing price. If you like Indian, then you should definitely check it out!
You know, I actually hated what I ordered and so did my boyfriend. I had the samosa chaat and he had the lamb. We just didn't know what to expect and were not necessarily happy with the results. Though, the ingredients seemed fresh, the man behind the counter was incredibly kind, patient and helpful and he offered us our money back if we didn't like it.

We didn't ask for our money back because it was less than $20 and he was just so damn nice. My boyfriend originally ordered a rose-flavored milkshake that he also thought tasted like baby lotion. He went back up and was promptly made a new, vanilla milkshake with a smile and a kind word. That type of service goes a long way around these parts.

If you're into sweet, salty, soggy, crispy, hot, cold, up and down spinnin' round and round like a record baby then I think you'll like this place.
I've tried various chaat places in west philly and there's only a few and I found this one to be the best amongst the bunch. Friendly service and above average chaat mixes. I've had chaat back in India at some of the very best places and this chaat house comes close to the real deal. The prices are fair as well. I wanted to give it 4.5 but Yelp doesn't allow that. Only down side is every now and then they miss the mark on the sweet and spicy balance.
The first time I came here, I had never heard of chaat.  My buddy asked the owner what it was and we got a quick rundown.  I still wasn't sure what it was, but he said everyone liked it and recommended the samosa chaat for my first time.  

The taste was certainly different from anything I've ever had, even other Indian food, but it was very, very good.  This place has joined Wawa on my list of default places to eat.  You can't go wrong here.  Also, if you like Indian desserts, they have them all here -- gulab jamun, kheer, lassi, etc.

If you're driving here, there's plenty of free street parking everywhere.  There's a counter along the window if you want to sit and eat.  It's more of a takeout place though.
So yummy!  Try this place!  I've been here several times, and the chat is always delicious... 

The owner is very friendly and inviting, and will recommend dishes if you ask.  I love the Samosa Chaat, which is vegetarian, or the Lamb Chaat, which is particularly savory and spicy.  Their Samosas are amazing as side dishes as well.  

Since there isn't a lot of seating, I often get my food to go.  Keep in mind that the actual restaurant is a bit of a "hole in the wall," and is located a bit out of the way on Baltimore and 42nd, but it's truly a neighborhood gem!  

Highly recommended.
I've been here a few times and it is always super yummy. The samosa chaat is great, so is the papri chaat. The pani puri leaves a little to be desired in the pani chutney. It needs more flavor. But none of the other dishes are ever lacking in the flavor department. 

Service is very nice and friendly. I wish there were a few more places to sit. They do have outdoor tables, but that's only useful half the year. 

Bottom line: This place always fulfills my chaat cravings.
Vada paav is really good. Wife is fan of the ras malai. Decent pricing. Chaat is ok. Definitely give it a try.
I love Indian food and was very excited to find that this place was merely a block away from my other destination, so I decided to check it out.  I had investigated the ratings of all University City area Indian restaurants and had felt sure that I selected the right one, not only because it was close, but because it had the highest ratings of them all. Wow, I was seriously disappointed!!!  The Lamb Chaat and Punjabi Chaat that I had were both way too sweet and not spicy enough.  I asked for medium but it could barely be called mild.  I've ate and know how to cook a lot of Indian food, and none of it is really sweet, save the desserts.  If I had wanted sweet, I would have ordered something sweet. The Punjabi Chaat was covered with something like Kurkuri.  If I wanted that, I would have bought a bag.  I'm hungry as I'm writing this because I threw most of it away.
It's the worst place for so called 'Chaat'! It's bland and not authentic and expensive for what you get. 
I also made the mistake of getting ' Chicken Biryani'. It was disgusting and did not even resemble what a biryani should look like or taste like! 
The food at this place is a very poor representation of true Indian food ' flavours.
Worst chat I ever had! My extended family of 8 got a number of special chats, one lamb chat and one samosa chat. The samosa chat was OK. Lamb chat didn't taste like lamb. ALL the special chats are a total ripoff and downright yucky! For all those specials, they had the same base and just added the various mixtures from Indian groceries (Andhra mixture, Gujarati mixture etc). Don't fall for the nice descriptions - utter garbage.
My boyfriend introduced me to DCH in August, and if I haven't had it at *least* twenty times since, I haven't had it once!  For the best way to describe it, I'll use the words one of their employees told me my first time in, "savory, spicy, & sweet - everything all at once - and delicious."  And the chaats truly are delicious.  The samosas are delectable.  The mango lassis, yum.  As a vegan, I have to get the yogurt removed from my orders, but they do it with no problem at all.  All of their chaats are super nutritious, loaded with fresh fruits, vegetables, and legumes.  It isn't hard to get your chaat gluten-free.  The only reason I gave it a four and not a five is the staff - which can be a bit rude if you catch them in the wrong mood.  

No matter - my suggestions for a first timer?  Samosa chaat, madras chaat, punjabi chaat, fruit chaat ... all incredible!  Though the fruit may be more of a breakfast chaat / snack, depending on your typical dietary needs.  Getting individual samosas to go with the warm chickpea sauce it's smothered in is good too.    Oh!  And bring back your to-go containers and they'll use them for your next chaat!  Let's heal our planet together, loves! XoX
Love this place!!! Can't go wrong with any of the chaats! Veggie samosa were really good!! Puri were nice and fresh too!
Very good, no-nonsense place for chaat and samosas. The Bombay chaat and samosa chaat are as they should be. It's good to know that you don't have to go to Edison or Jackson Heights for good desi street food.

One gripe is that the chaat doesn't have sev in it (the tiny little crunchy things made of chickpea flour), but most of the clientele here wouldn't be able to tell the difference. This ain't Jackson Heights, but it will do.
This is probably my favorite take out/eat in place in West Philly. I am familiar with Indian food, but not Pakistani chaat. It's delicious. I am an omnivore, so basically I pick a menu item that I know nothing about. Every dish has been great. And maybe in a year's time, I can actually tell you what I have been eating.

Random anecdote: They always guess that I want medium spicy. They clearly know I'm a newb, but I burned out my taste buds years ago. No, I want it as spicy as possible. I think "spicy" isn't melt your eyeballs hot, but don't take my word for it.
I was sort of shocked that I hadn't reviewed Desi Chaat House YET. OOPS.  The food here is delicious - I'm a pretty huge fan.  It's really just a snacks venue - so don't go there looking for a full blown Indian dinner. B/c you won't get it. Chaat is a snack like food - though if you get it with all  the fixings, you might find that you get really full.  I've definitely eaten here and been full from it.  The Samosa, Samosa Chaat, and aloo tiki chaat are always great.  I'm a big fan of the juice and drink selection here too. I'm sure I'll eat my way through more of the menu, but for now - I am impressed!
While looks at first may appear deceiving, this hidden jewel of South Asia brings back amazing memories of summers spent in India. The food at Desi Chaat House rekindles fond memories of walking down a crowded street in Bombay looking for that special afternoon snack to share with friends and family. My culinary experiences, though limited by funds as a student at Penn, have never embarked on a greater journey. By combining the freshest of ingredients  with wholesome hospitality, the hosts at desi chaat house manage to provide you with old world charm at very affordable prices. I see this restaurant taking off and would highly encourage the university city community to enjoy the delectable offerings this well kept secret (hopefully no more) has to offer!
I have never had chaat before, so I really have so basis for comparison, so take this review knowing that.  I have to say, though, that whatever it was that I ate was kind of bland and spicy if that makes sense.  I mean, it was spicy in the heat sense, but bland in the spice sense.  I would be willing to try something else some other time.  At least there are vegan options.
Food was definitely affordable. It's a cute, small little place you can't miss (on the corner). Parking is on the side. You can tell food was made fresh daily but heated up by microwave. Dessert was in the refrigerator but was extremely delicious! Lots of things to do in the area (close to- u sciences and many many other food places)
I love chaat, and was just remarking the other day that is someone needed to open up a chaat house in this neighborhood.

Chaat is delicious. It is Indian snack food, for those who aren't familiar (and by the other posting, I am guessing that some aren't). I am no expert, but I have eaten it lots, so I will try to help. It can be assorted things underneath (samosas, fried things, crunchies) a mixture of potatoes, onions, chickpeas, and delicious sauces. My favorite is Pani Puri, which they sell. This is a really fun snack. It comes in three parts - the shells, the spicy water, and the filling (potatoes, onions, chickpeas, etc). You poke a little hole in the shell, fill it up with the filling, and then fill it up with the spicy water. Then, put the WHOLE thing in your mouth, if you can. An explosion of juicy flavors occurs and then you are happy. It's a little messy, but could be great for sitting in the grass in Clark Park once the weather is nice.

It's the same owners as the other Indian restaurant further down Baltimore. The man that works there is super nice. He will answer any questions if you are confused about what anything is. 

I am giving this a 5 star rating because it was fresh, tasty, the man was super friendly, and someone read my mind. Also, I want them to do well because I need them need to stick around, because there isn't anywhere else like this around. Please go every day. Stop by for a snack. Snacking is essential.
My last two trips to Philly. I have stopped here. The place is well kept, albeit small. This is more of a grab and go place, there's only a  limited number of seats and a few seats outside.

We got the pani puri and a regular samosa and a chicken samosa chaat. The chicken samosa chaat was interesting, maybe because i haven't had a chicken samosa like that before. The flavors were all there, and the regular one was just great. We got medium spice level and it seemed more on the milder side.

The pani puri was a little sweeter than we imagined. One of our friends craved it so we went and got it, but it could have been better.

Nonetheless, I have enjoyed both visits to here and would love to stop by again the next time I come to Philly.
Great food and service! Stopped here on a whim and ordered a lamb wrap and mango lassi. Everything was wonderful! I'll be coming back to try more things in the near future.
I went in with a lot of expectations but it turned out to be a weird fusion of what chaat should be like. I had the Dahi (yogurt) chaat which was nothing like what the original one should be like. This version was a strange mix of hot cold sweet sour items all mixed together with some strange looking chutneys that looked radioactive. The green mint chutney was way too bright to be natural. And there was a strange tortilla chip topping. I definitely won't be going back for chaat. I really wanted to like it but couldn't.
Had the samosa chaat. It was perfect and ready when I went in to pick it up. Love these chaat places--unique, light, and flavorful. Perfect if you want a little bit of indian flavor on the quick. The price was also super cheap... I think it was ~$8 including tip for the samosa chaat and a chai tea. Way better than spending the same on some fast food chain.
I had not ever had chaat before, so I was curious to check this place out.

It is extremely random!  Very off-the-wall!  They throw a whole bunch of chopped up stuff (fruit, raw veggies, nuts, spicy dried snack food, diced up meat, etc.) in a big pan and pour yogurt on it and then you eat it.  The fresh veggies and fruit tend to be very fresh, and I appreciate that, they use whatever is available and fresh.  It tends to be on the salty and spicy side, and has a real blend of qualities: sweet, sour, salty, savory, bitter.

And I find that the food here actually makes you feel pretty good after eating it, which is a big plus.

And very inexpensive!

If you come here in a group and order 3 different things, they'll taste slightly different from each other, but they'll have some similarities.  But if you order the same 3 things another day, they'll be totally different from the last time (and probably more similar to each other).  That's how this place works.

It's SOOO random, which...while it can be fun, is the reason I give this place only 3 stars:

(1) I've found there's little correspondence between what item you order and what your food actually tastes like.  The reason is that the "little things" that change from time to time actually have more influence on the taste than the things that stay the same and define what each item is.  It's so pronounced, I'd say it doesn't really matter what you order.

(2) The combinations are so random that they seem to be done without regard for like, some sort of system of ensuring that flavors go well together.  Maybe this is just me speaking here, with a limited western palate, but...I have tried a lot of food from many different cultures, and when I am at home, I cook with a ton of spices and "weird" non-western ingredients.  I just think the stuff here seems random.  Sometimes it works well, sometimes it works less well.

Still, worth checking out though.  And...if you want to take a walk on the wild side?  Just come here and order something.  But I do think this place could take it up a notch or two, by being slightly more selective and thoughtful about what they throw in together, and also by making more of an effort to make recognizable items or combinations so that if you liked something, you could order it again instead of having it forever lost to the randomness of how this place operates.
Today was my first but not last visit to this new spot. I have never had chaat before and the very friendly man behind the counter was very helpful.  Delicious and full of different flavors and textures. I look forward to trying all the items on the menu. I found the spice level to be perfect.
There are people who don't like their food touching. Those "divider" plates were meant for those people. They like their food pristine, individual, with distinct borders to protect the unique identity of each meal component.

Then there are people like me, who laugh in the face of boundaries and defy aesthetics. I want all my food mixed up with reckless abandon, creating new flavor profiles and texture galore in the process. 

Desi Chaat was made for people like me. Like other reviewers mentioned, I couldn't identify everything that was in my (samosa) chaat. A yogurt-y sauce, something green-ish, something resembling chickpeas, a samosa half-submerged in the melange, and some crunchy things as a garnish, more of an afterthought.

Minus one star because I'm not used to the richness and it sort of made my stomach hurt. But that might've been because I also downed a delicious mango lassi (the best I've ever had- please overlook my hyperbole up to this point and believe me on this one). Oh, and half half of a vegetable wrap, which sounds boring but is just indescribably good. It's sort of a mashed potato cake with yogurt sauce all rolled up in a soft puffy pita bread. 

With most things under $6, you bet I'll be back. First for the lassi, and then (hopefully with enough room saved in my stomach) for that hot mess of an Indian meal, a boundary-breaking adventure every time.
Horrid.  I am very familiar with this type of street cuisine, and I must say that the food at Desi Chaat does not represent it well and is simply awful.  Very low prices and a large student population may account for the many positive reviews here--at any rate, the high score is very misleading.  Sorry.
What is not to love about Desi Chaat House other than the lack of seating?  This is the only reason why I can't give 5 stars. They really need to expand and take over an entire block.  The food is fresh and delicious-- samosas, chicken biryani, dozens of chaats, and even daily specials.  The rose lassi and mango lassi are as tasty as can be and very rich.  

If you go, I suggest getting at least one samosa, one chaat (I like the Punjabi or Kashmiri Chaat, though their specials are equally amazing), and one other dish like chicken biryani.  Lastly, if you're there in the summer, check out their ice cream selection.  First, basil seed ice cream.  Second, paan ice cream.  Third, rose ice cream.  This stuff is off the wall and great.  

One last thing, I have a crush on Desi Chaat House.
It seems preposterous that I've walked by this bright orange establishment twice nearly every day for 3 years and have only recently stepped inside. Perhaps because I thought it was a twin of Mood Cafe (a fraternal one if we're keeping up this simile) or perhaps because I am not usually hankering for Indian food at 8am in the morning. 

But the point is, I finally tried it out and it met my modest expectations. As can be gleaned by peering in the windows, it's a fairly small space, and keeping tables inside seems more trouble than its worth as it reduces foot space even more. Like Mood Cafe, it offers intriguing remixes of traditional street food, as well as recognizable dishes like samosas and biryani and even more niche items like pav bhaji. Unlike Mood Cafe, the lassis aren't made on order. As a result, I just ordered a chaat, since I'd prefer my mango lassi to be as "fresh" as possible. 

With no fear of disapproval of my choice by authentic south Asians, I got the chicken chaat. Gotta admit that topping an already mouth-watering dish (chaat) with bite-size tandoori chicken pieces is pretty brilliant. I asked to have it spicy and indeed it left a pleasant BURNING in my mouth for an hour afterwards.  I was just about too full after finishing the plate (actually a shallow plastic takeout container). 

All in all, I had a surprisingly good meal, but of the two, I prefer Mood Cafe because it is less frequented , has more lassi options and has equal or greater number of chaat options.
I'll try not to be too chaaty at the risk of sounding full of chaat, but as any long-term resident of UCity can tell you there is no shortage of Indian food.  But unfortunately, there is a shortage of chaat.

Think of Indian Nachos with a little touch of God.  and by God I mean samosas and yogurt.  We got 3 different chaats, the bombay the samosa and the papri, my favorite being the papri, as we sampled the same dish at Sitar yesterday afternoon (and don't tell anyone, but Sitar's might've been better).  But for chaat selection this place takes the golden chaat.  If you've never had it before, definitely chomp down on those samosas.

I will say the dishes tended to taste a little similar (the major ingredients can only vary so much), but if you're in the mood for a delicious snack/meal for an affordable price, do yourself a chaatzvah and mosey on over to the desi chaat house.
First of all the guy making the Chaat wasn't "Desi". Maybe that's why he didn't know that there's not supposed to be mangoes and radish in samosa Chaat.  The owner needs to take a trip to NY and learn how to make real Chaat from Usha or Raj Bhog.( the Raj Bhog in Cherry Hill isn't real! )
Honestly one of the worst chaat places I've ever had the misfortune of eating at. I ordered bhel puri to go, and tried to share it with two friends but none of us could get past three bites. There were barely any tomatoes and onions, and instead it was loaded with radishes. Worse than that, it was SWIMMING in sweet chutney. Like literally drowning. Which is funny because I asked for it medium spicy. We threw it out in the restaurant and left. The only instances in which I give out 1-star reviews are when the food is so bad I have to throw it out. This place qualifies.
Never had chaat before, so ignore me if you are a seasoned veteran.  Still, I now eat here at least once per week.  2 delicious meals for $12 may be all you need to eat for the day.  Staff is quick, friendly and informative.  The chaat itself is excellent.  If there is better chaat out there, let me know.
I went here for the first time today and it was great! The man working there (the owner, I believe) recommended the Samosa Chaat and it was really good. Usually I end up picking out the insides of samosas because the outside is just too thick and rich and fried (and then I get full and don't want to eat anything else). Not this time. I ate every bit of it. It was made even better, I'm sure, by being covered in all sorts of other veggeis and yogurt and sauces that were all very flavorful. I also liked all the textures happening with the yogurt and the chips and the veggies...

The owner explained all the other chaats to me and even let me taste some of the other crisps. They all taste really different but all really good. I'm really excited to come back and try all the different chaats.
So, despite the fact that I am not completely sure exactly what ate tonight, I enjoyed my dinner. Maybe it's because I love samosas, and the one in my samosa chaat was rather delicious. However, I will say that there is a lot of sauce and just overall wetness to this chaat, which means that eating it pretty quickly is a must and leftovers are not really an option. I ordered it medium-spicy from the friendly guy behind the counter who was explaining the entire menu to a group of five people when I came in. I listened in and then ordered a samosa chaat. I know there was cilantro, red onions, potatoes, and ton of other stuff going on in there, including lot of spices. I grabbed a mango lassi, which was absolutely fantastic, and had a meal I would certainly eat again. One thing to know before you go is that the chaat is pretty interesting in terms of contrast--there's the warm samosa with the cold veggies and sauce, and different types of crunch along with some softer stuff. It can be surprising at first bite, but it's worth the adventure. And the serving is definitely big enough to be a filling dinner.
Philly barely has a good Indian restaurant (except Tiffin), so no wonder this place isn't great, but it is essentially a desi (South Asian) snack place and does a fair job at that, well mostly! 

The chaats are usually good (they offer a lot of variety), but sometimes not so much (depends on the person who mixes it). Shahi chaat is my favorite. 

Their pav bhaji is usually appetizing, but sometimes the bhaji can be a little oily. The desserts are usually delectable, but on occasions the milk isn't that fresh. The wraps too can be great at times, but can well bear a lack of balance in the blend of white sauce, green sauce, and chickpea sauce. Their curries would remind you of homemade food (which is a good thing), but are pricey for the quantity. 

So overall, this place lacks consistency. On a good day, everything could be perfect; but on the very next day, it can well be otherwise!
