To be completely honest, despite the high star rating, I really didn't expect too much from a dim sum place located at the end of a strip mall where a Mr. Chicken used to be. I figured it was the only restaurant offering dim sum in the area, thus giving it the high rating. We were in the neighborhood, very much in the mood for it, and didn't feel like venturing into Chinatown, so we gave it a shot it. I did have it bookmarked after all :) We were actually very surprised! 

We maneuvered around cars going in and out of Wawa right there and reminisced about how this used to be "our Wawa". (You know how everybody has THEIR Wawa) We talked about all of the businesses that have come and gone here in this shopping center, including the one where we first met as youngsters back in college! Oh, those precious memories!! Seems like forever ago! It took a little patience as we remembered it did to find a parking spot on this block. We parked unmetered (although most of them are, so come prepared) and we were good to go. 

We were welcomed warmly by both the male host and the woman who was to be our super kind, efficient waitress. We were sat immediately in a mostly empty space for an early Sunday night dinner on a cold, rainy day. (By the time we left around 5:30pm, the crowds started rolling in). A lovely mural on one wall, decorative benches on the other, and a flat screen muted. A very nice warm change from the former business, but if you ask hubs, he still would say he missed Mr.Chicken. 

The menu had a plethora of really tempting options, more than just dim sum! Some classic Chinese fare, Cantonese, many different soups, a bunch of noodle bowls, Korean, even Japanese. The desserts reached as far as French and Italian inspired with tiramisu & creme brûlée. Interesting. Gluten free and veg friendly plates too! Definitely something here for every taste. 

We started with crispy delicious spring rolls and hot tea. They do offer a lemon green tea with the option to add boba or aloe for a dollar or so more which peaked my interest, but it's only offered iced so on this dreary chilly day, we stuck to hot. I'll definitely try that aloe tea in the future though!

The four of us were able to split two dishes with the addition of a small bowl of white rice for just $1.50 AND have leftovers. Portions were rather large! The kiddos had their heart set on a fried needle noodles. They saw an option with veggies on the menu and asked to add tofu. Not an issue at all so don't be afraid to ask for something here! Very accommodating. I ordered the green veggie curry hot pot, mild. It was absolutely delicious!! Memorable in fact. It was a tad hot however, both taste and obviously temperature. A little scoop of rice helped combat the spice, but really, I wouldn't order it any other way than mild. (Helped clear my sinuses!) I did have a fork full of the noodle dish and that too was incredibly tasty! The noodles came over a broth which was so flavorful! I would recommend both dishes and solely based on this first experience alone would absolutely come back again and could with completely confidence give this spot a 4.5 rating already! 

We will surely be back and wished we still lived close enough to have this as our go to Asian craving option. The dim sum 12 for $12 Sunday brunch looked interesting too! Maybe we'll come back for that! 

It's NOT cash only anymore & I believe it is BYO!
I had been craving dim sum for some time and glad I was able to find this place in a familiar neighborhood.  Parking can be tough in that area so if you can order delivery, that would be the less stressful option.  The establishment is a store front space.  You enter at the register where they lead you to the sitting/eating area towards the back or order to go.

The menu has all the popular dim sum dishes (shrimp dumplings, sticky rice, chicken wings, pork bao, and moree).  I've tried the majority of items and they were really good.  Just thinking about them now has me craving their food.

The food comes out warm and timely so no long wait.  The prices are good therefore this is the place for your dim sum fix!
I ordered delivery via Eat24 on a cold, rainy evening. Although it took about an hour to be delivered, it was worth the wait. 

I ordered the steamed pork dumplings and the shrimp dumpling soup with noodles. Both items were still hot when they arrived, and everything was delicious and tasted fresh. The portions were large; so I now have leftovers for another meal or two. 

I wish the delivery charge wasn't so high ($3.00), but I will definitely order from here again!
So glad I tried this! 
Food first - I did a dim sum overload :) I ordered Steamed Shrimp dumplings (5), the Steamed Shanghai Juicy Buns (4.5), Steamed Watercress Dumpling (5+), Pan Fried Pork Dumpling (4), and Steamed Pork Dumpling (4.5). They were packed, juicy and delicious. The Watercress was absolutely delicious, and the Steamed Shrimp were incredibly juicy. I always order Steamed Shrimp Dumplings, and these were top notch. I was pleasantly surprised with the Juicy Buns. It's a soup dumpling, but it had a different taste than most soup dumplings. It was more flavorful, sweeter, and less soup than usual which I actually preferred. Lastly, I don't typically care for pork dumplings (they were for my roommate), and I was again pleasantly surprised by how much I liked these, especially the steamed. Basically, it was one great dumpling after another! 
Service wise, the pick up was fine, the food was already ready, and the woman was very sweet. Those 5 orders of dumplings were $32. I found that very fair for the amount I got! 
I highly recommend Dim Sum & Noodle, especially the Shrimp Dumpling and Watercress. I'll be back & I hope you enjoy too.
While walking to Wawa one night, the GF and I noticed that there was a new Asian restaurant next door. Little did we know that it was Sang Kee Noodle House's new sister restaurant! Sang Kee's a stalwart of West Philly and the owners have recently expanded into Fairmount with this new offering, which features Cantonese style food, which is less spicy and likely more associated with "Chinese food" for those with a Western palate.

Dan Dan Noodles [$5.95]
Chili peanut sauce

Had to try the dan dan noodles, because ... they're dan dan noodles. Han Dynasty these are not. Not to say that Dim Sum & Noodle's weren't satisfying, but compared to the spicy caramelized minced pork and the toothsome and chewy noodles at Han Chiang's establishment, these were not up to par. Still, there was a bit of heat from the chili peanut sauce, which is more immersed into the noodles than coating them. There were some crisp julienned cucumber slices that helped cool off any heat from each bite.

Pan-Fried Pork Dumplings [$4.95]

The pork dumplings were great and had a nice gluttonous chew along with some crisp texture from the pan frying. The pork inside was juicy and well-seasoned. 

Crispy Garlic Wings [$5.95]

The crispy garlic wings are a must order in my mind. A lacquered, glassy texture on the outside of the wing yielded to juicy chicken. The sweet chili sauce was a nice accompaniment. 

Shrimp Fried Rice [$9.95]

The GF loved the shrimp fried rice, which had a ton of succulent, snappy shrimp. The pineapple imparted additional sweetness to balance the savoriness of the rice. 

General Tso's Chicken [$13.95]
 
You'll find this dish on almost all Americanized Chinese food restaurant menus. Dim Sum & Noodle's iteration is the version all of these restaurants should strive for. In fact in Philly, the only one that comes even close is Square on Square. The chicken was crisp on the outside and revealed juicy white chicken breast within. The sweet and spicy sauce on the outside didn't overwhelm the chicken and the accompanying broccoli florets weren't overly blanched. 

Taiwanese Braised Pork Belly [$10.95]
Aged egg, Baby bok choy
 
Dim Sum & Noodle has a pork belly dish. I repeat. Dim Sum & Noodle has a pork belly dish. And it is stellar. Braised in sweet soy, the unctuous fatty chunks of pork belly were plentiful and had a nice crisp on the outside. A soy-marinated soft boiled egg and some baby bok choy also accompanied this dish, but it's all about that pork belly. This will always be a part of any takeout order from Dim Sum & Noodle in my mind. 

So if you're in the Fairmount area, eschew all other Chinese food restaurants and get your butts over to Dim Sum & Noodle. Make sure you order the crispy garlic wings and try some of that pork belly!
This place is pretty good. The food is tasty (and has large portions) and the service is quick and attentive. Their menu is a bit confusing, specifically their pick two get one free promotion, since I thought this meant there was one set price but that is not the case. Each item is priced individually and you'll pay for two of them. Maybe I didn't read closely enough but I feel they should have noted that better.

I really enjoyed the sweet peach buns. They are sweet but not super sweet, and they still taste like an appetizer rather than a dessert. My ramen (garlic spare rib) was filling and very flavorful. My husband got the pork belly ramen and gave me a some of his to try. The pork belly was phenomenal, and if I return I will make sure to get it next time. The pork is juicy and melts in the mouth. 

Don't worry too much that this place is in a strange little strip mall, the food here is good and it's not a bad choice for lunch.
We love Dim Sum & Noodle. At first it may not seem like a 5 star establishment, but give it a chance and it will become one of your favorite places in the neighborhood. 

It's easy to find expensive Dim Sum in Philly. It's easy to find cheap Dim Sum in Philly. What's not easy is finding delicious, cheap Dim Sum where the service is always friendly. 

My top picks are the scallion pancakes and sticky rice, but I've never had a bad item from the menu. It's also a BYO. 

Highly recommend coming here and supporting their place in Fairmount/Spring Garden.
Great place, and I really like that they offer delivery for a dim sum place! Even better is that for the har gaw they give 6 pieces instead of 4. Whatever gypsy magic they've used to maintain a stable profit margin is beyond me, but they've certainly given the people what they want. I'm likely biased since it's my favorite dim sum, but the shumai was easily my favorite, and surprisingly steaming when it got to me.  The pad thai is also very interesting in a good way, it's spicy but in a different way from thai food....it's hard to explain becuase they use peppers and it's a red hue....but also very good and something I would certainly get again.
This place is top notch! 

Things ordered:
1.) short ribs 
2.) crystal dumplings
3.) juicy buns (soup dumpling)
4.) scallion pancake 
5.) lemon chicken

Everything was extremely fresh and delicious!  Service is impeccable! 

Would recommend
I've been dying for good Dim Sum ever since my place was reconstructed into what is now Chushang Spicy. Within minutes of being seated, I noticed previous guests were heading out but not empty handed. They were handed takeout bags corresponding to whatever they ordered. That's a good sign, eh? 

Most dumpling places I've been to have a pretty standard menu for what they offer but this spot has a dish called Shu Mai. It's a variation of Dim Sum that includes a filling of Pork, Shrimp, and Mushroom. 

1 + 2 = FREE. That's right. Order a small plate, a noodle dish and get a free Honey Lemon Iced Green Tea. I ordered Shu Mai, Watercress Dumplings (4 to an order), and the Braised Pork Belly Ramen. The food came out hot and quick. I didn't feel rushed, more like well taken care of. I'm happy I've found a new spot to frequent.
With two other Asian restaurants on the same block, Dim Sum and Noodle better come with their A-game ready to stand out from the start. Brought to you by the same owners as Sang Kee, it's evident from the start that they know what they are doing. 

My husband and I went with a few traditional items- two orders of Dan Dan noodles and an order of steamed pork dumplings. They were also running a promotion where you received a free Dan Dan Noodle, order of dumplings or scallion pancake for spending $15 or more. We didn't realize this when placing the order, but they automatically threw in the scallion pancake. As our order already was heavy on the other items, I guess that was a good assumption to make on their part. 

The prices are pretty inexpensive. The portions are decent, but not ginormous. The pricing to portion ratio seemed pretty much standard to other Chinese restaurants across Philly. 

As far as the food goes, it had a nice authentic touch. The Dan Dan noodles were spicy and not overly smothered in peanut sauce. The dumplings had nice, large pieces of white pork. Sometimes the meat in pork dumplings can be a little sketchy, but that wasn't the case here. The scallion pancakes were a little different than others I've had before, but in a good way. They were fried, but I could taste things other than just the fried. 

It's cash only and currently there's no delivery. I'm hoping someday they'll add a credit card and delivery option. 

After attending their preview party last month and one takeout order, I think Dim Sum and Noodle has what it takes to compete on this Asian-heavy block.
I had this place bookmarked for quite some time but never had the opportunity to get there until recently. I love me some Dim Sum and with so many positive Yelp reviews I was excited to finally try Dim Sum & Noodle. 

The interior is very nice and they have a cool mural on the wall. Our server was super friendly and helpful. The menu has several options other than just Dim Sum. They have some classic Chinese fare, Cantonese, Ramen, Korean, etc. 

We basically went with Dim Sum. We ordered steamed pork buns, soup dumplings, and pan fried dumplings. We also ordered the Dan Dan noodles and Chinese spinach in garlic sauce. Everything was excellent. The pork buns were great and the soup dumplings on par with Dim Sum Garden. I had the green tea and honey over ice and that was also quite good.

Dim Sum & Noodle lived up to their excellent reviews and with my daughter moving into the neighborhood, this will be a regular stop for us.
Great location. Inside of the restaurant isn't very big. I Recommend coming at off-peak times. Started with two appetizers- Dan Dan noodles and pan fried meat dumplings. Dan Dan noodles were just average but the meat dumplings were some of the better ones I've had in the city. Entree was the candied walnut shrimp dish- also one of the better ones I have had in the city. I was surprised thought that it was on the small side. Only 3 walnut halves and six or so small shrimp (felt like a lunch portion even though it was definitely dinner time). Some hits and some misses. Worth checking out if you're nearby-wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Simple, good, and inexpensive!
Don't get their chicken wings or the bbq Korean short rib no good but get everything else!
Their green beans with pork are amazing and must have. Juicy buns are very good I just wish they had more broth. They have a pork belly rice dish that's also must get. You'll definitely get food envy when you see what your neighbors ordered everything looks so good!
This was my first experience with Dim Sum. There were lots of lunch combination options at reasonable prices.  However, there was only one option for a Dim Sum combination lunch. Unfortunately, the lunch combo was all pork, expect for one veggie dumpling.  So, we ordered 1 lunch combo which comes with a spring roll and the choice of soup, rice or noodles.  I ordered dim sum ala carte off the menu.

The scallion pancakes were very good; so crisp, flakey, and hot.  There is a generous size shrimp in the shrimp dumpling.  The dumpling skin is made fresh and uses gluten free flour (so I was told by our waitress).  I've come to realize, I'm not really a fan of steamed dumplings.  I think I'm more of pan fried dumpling girl. I tend to like things crispy.

My husband loved his Dim Sum Combination lunch. He would rate it as one of the best dim sum experiences and he thought the shrimp dumplings were to die for.
For the location, this Dim Sum is as good as it gets! I admit that my hopes were not high coming here because I rarely go out for Dim Sum outside of Chinatown. Regardless, we found the menu to have plenty of authentic dim sum dishes to choose from, all of which turned out to be flavorful and reasonably priced. If I lived in Fairmount or the Art Museum area, this is where I would go for real deal dim sum!
One of the best experiences I've had. This humble restaurant is a bit hidden behind spring garden, near the Community College of Philadelphia. I didn't pay no mind to this place for the longest time until I see so many good reviews on it.

We came here for lunch and it was pretty chill. The ambiance was quiet and homey, nothing too fancy but really welcoming.  The staff is exceptional, they are friendly and extremely professional. The language barrier could be a small problem but don't let that deter you because they are very patient.

I ordered Taiwanese braised pork belly with boiled eggs and mustard greens over rice, dan dan peanut noodles and a lunch combo that consisted of five different dim sum items and an appetizer and fried rice. Let me start with the combo. For 9 dollars you get; shrimp ha gao (steamed dumplings), shiu mai,  a veggies dumpling, pork and shrimp dumpling, pork in a soft bun. On top of this I got the chicken dumpling appetizer and one egg fried rice. All that for 8.95! All of the items were delicious, on par with china town dim sum.

The dan dan noodles was also decent, it lacked a bit of saltiness and meat. Not all places make this dish with meat but I prefer mine with a little minced pork. It was good and fresh anyhow and it came out super quick. The pork belly is the highlight here, it was soft and tender and melted over the rice like butter. It's been slow braised in this flavorful sauce that coats the entire bowl rice when poured over. 

On top of this we had two lemon honey green tea. Our total bill came up to be 34 dollars. You can't beat something like this. We had over 10 items that fed two people with a drink to go. Our waitress was very polite and offered a relaxing lunch. I highly recommend this place for those who wants Chinatown food without the hassle.
I'll lead with the fact that this is NOT a traditional dim sum place where you get carts of dim sum being rolled around.  This is more of a Cantonese style Chinese place that is great for lunch or weekly take-out type of place.  Would I travel from far away just for this? No.  Would I come here every day if I could if I lived close by? Yes. 

I've been here a couple of times for lunch and dinner now and I am so thankful Dim Sum & Noodle is in my life.  After late hours at the office, I want something delicious, affordable, and balanced - Dim Sum & Noodle has my back.  Protein, Veggie, and Rice/Noodles are the basic building blocks of their meals - the Vietnamese Lemon Grass Grilled Chicken ($8.95) and Shrimp Wonton with Egg Noodle ($7.95) are my go-tos.  If I want to spoil myself, I throw in an order of the soup dumplings, nom.  The quality is consistently amazing, which is something that can be hit or miss at places like this.

This is a neighborhood favorite for good reason.  Most diners order out, but if you sit down, the customer service is incredibly sweet and pretty attentive.  Drop by for the dim sum lunch combo, dumplings on dumplings on dumplings.
Nothing is as disappointing as being surprised by the poor quality of a restaurant that is highly rated. Lesson learned to take ratings with a grain of salt.

I came here with a couple of friends and ordered a gamut of items from the menu to gain a comprehensive experience. Their "1+1 =3" gimmick is a total waste. Basically spend over $15 worth of food to get one of three drinks for free (of which includes soda).

My ill-fated dining experience and list of grievances:
Fried chicken wings: $6 worth of four tiny, tasteless wings that couldn't be redeemed by their bottled duck/sweet Thai chili sauce-esque
Xiao Long Bao (Soup dumplings): Okay on flavor, but really thick dumpling skin and light on the soup. Basically $1 for each piece of mediocrity.
Bulgogi Ramen: MVP for worst item of the night. Aside from the decent bulgogi, the broth tasted like water, except water is at least refreshing. The noodles were also flavorless and overcooked. Noticing a theme of disappointment? Also, who thought of putting that random sushi ginger in the noodle soup was a good idea. 
Taiwanese braised pork belly with rice: Chewy, overcooked pork. Enough said.

And for my free drink, I opted for the Vietnamese iced coffee. Where was the condensed milk? Tasted like the instant coffee variety.

Epic Yelp fail! Please stay away. Not enough stars to convince me to come back again!
This is definitely going to be my new go-to for take out. This place is super easy to order from and everything that I've tried so far has been really great. I've struggled to find a place in Philly that has a good, simple, and affordable general tso's chicken. This place definitely has it. It's not over-breading; it's not swimming in sauce; and the sauce tastes right. Triple-win in my book! I've also gotten the dan dan noodles and fried chicken dumplings. Both were great! I really enjoyed the dumplings. The delivery is fast and quick and everything still arrives pretty warm! Can't wait to order from this place more as the winter drags on!
So I see this place has great reviews and I feel like I was led astray by my beloved yelp (heartbreak emoji)

Maybe we got all the wrong things? What do people love to get from here that gives it 4 stars? We ordered steamed dumplings (they were fine) general tso (bad) and dan dan noodles (they are sitting in my fridge as leftovers but realistically I will never muster the willpower to eat them before they go bad) 

The delivery was expected to take forever, and was still late which I thought was strange since I ordered before 5pm, but whatever. Delivery has low impact on this review, okay? The general tso sauce tastes like straight salt. There's no wonderlandy/tangy/delicious/goopy sauce. It was a runny salty, salt sauce. And the dan dan noodles had okay flavor but the actual noodles were like paste. How do you even get a noodle to be like that? It was like the texture of toothpaste in my mouth. Chili oil toothpaste, if you will.

I love trashy chinese food. I've eaten Chinese from some wonderfully rotten places in my day. MSG don't scare me, y'all bring it onnnn. Like I said maybe I just ordered all the stuff it's not known for (is their ramen bomb? Is that what I shoulda gotten?) But regardless, I don't think I'll be coming back here.
Getting a strong feeling of Deja Vu. It feels like I've been here before but in an alternate universe. Lol

Came here when it was Chicken Bowl. Vast improvement by all means. Sit down or take away. Best option around for miles. 

Coming back to try more off of this menu. Why is it so familiar? Lol
I'm so glad we opted to drive thru Baltimore to get some good Chinese food in Philly!  
    The customer service was excellent!  The waiter anticipated our needs for extra bowls and napkins. 
   As for the food, every dish was awesome!  Beef chow fun is hard to get right - usually the noodle is too thick. The flavor either too "smokey" or not enough.  These guys got it right.
   Even the string beans - it's usually smothered in so much black bean sauce one would be reaching for tea/water the rest of the meal.  Here one can actually taste the vegetable and it was a good non-rubber texture.  
   They had a promotion going and we selected the scallion pancake.  It was light and not overly greasy.  
   This place should be busier but we're glad it wasn't when we went...we'll be back!
I'm not usually a big fan of Chinese food, but this place is Awesome! I've now ordered 4 times and each time its seemed better.

Highlights for us have been the dumplings, the extremely well done flounder appetizer, & the general tsao's chicken are some of the most scrumptious versions of these dishes I've had in a long while.

I haven't tried it yet, but I cannot wait to try their dim sum brunch! So happy to have top notch Chinese in Fairmount!
A well-earned 5 star rating.  Dim sum taken to the level of a fine dining experience.  Beautifully decorated interior, attentive servers, white tablecloths, constant replacement of clean plates and utensils with each course.  I highly recommend the 15 small plates for $15 lunch special.  You get to try the scallion pancakes and every dumpling they offer during dim sum.  It is served in 3 courses.  You can also order larger portion of particular dim sum dishes from $3 to $6.  An excellent lunch after visiting the Franklin Institute.
Came here on sat at 1pm, but the whole place was empty. I was worried that the food won't be good, and it turned out to be true. 
Watercress dumplings: dumplings taste good but the sauce made them too salty 
Shrimp dumplings: thick dough, very little shrimp and shrimp taste didn't come through
Soup dumplings/juicy buns: on the small side, not much juice, had a piece of soft bone in one dumpling 
Dan Dan noodle: noodles are over cooked, not even veggies to balance out the spiciness, cucumber taste bad.
Short ribs: salty, size of the pieces are very uneven.

Additional, the host was overly keen and I felt uncomfortable dining here
We got takeout here and the customer service, quickness and quality were all superb. Such a great variety of food. Don't sleep on the veggie dumplings and scallion pancakes! I would've taken pictures but we scarfed down our pad Thai, scallion pancakes and dumplings so fast! I cannot wait to try more of the noodle dishes next time!
A great spot in the Museum District/Spring Garden neighborhood for some tasty Chinese food! Living around the area, I come here more often than places in Chinatown, as the food is delicious and the travel time is nonexistent. I highly recommend checking this place out, as they also offer a free choice of dimsum when you spend  $25 or more. 

The dimsum is delicious! I love the pork bbq ribs, which are so tender and flavorful. Also I would recommend getting the scallion pancake, the cha shao bao, and the soup dumplings! It's hard to find a dimsum place that also offers soup dumplings, which is one of the reasons that I always come back. The food is decently priced, and you will definitely be full by the end of it. 

On non-dimsum plates, the noodle soups are quite delicious. I've tried the Taiwanese noodle soup, which is perfectly spicy and extremely delicious! Their mapo tofu is also pretty good, although the size is definitely the main reason to order this. 

The place is BYO and the service is extremely friendly. I will definitely continue to come back  here!
Stopped by briefly in Philly and was looking for a quick joint to grab some food. My friend found this place and it's very unassuming - one small restaurant in a long strip of random other stores. I got the Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup and it was a lot spicier than I thought (even though I didnt see spicy in the title nor a chili peoper next to it)! Not complaining through, since the flavors were nicely paired and overall dish was very filling. The only thing I would've liked is thicker beef pieces since the thin layers were unlike traditional styles of beef noodle soup I've had in the past. Food was okay compared to other Asian restaurants. It was truly the waitress that made the experience for me! She was engaging, friendly, and just the sweetest person ever!
Not normally a big fan of Dim Sum & Noodle, because I always feel cheated when it comes to price for the value of food you get. For example, their rice bowls, more then half of the dish is filled with rice, rather than meat & veggies. However, I do go here a bit as it's convenient for me. Recently, I tried their Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup, and it was so delicious I had to write a review about it. Super filling and satisfying on a cold day.
What a surprise to have Sang Kee open up a smaller spot near the art museum!  We ordered a bunch of dim sum plates and General gsos chicken.  The dim sum was all tasty and fresh.  The spicy calamari and bbq pork dumplings were especially fantastic, but the traditional pork dumplings were underwhelming.  General gsos chicken was delicious!  Service was attentive and quick.  Even though the menu is smaller than neighboring Cho Cho San, the food is superior.  Will definitely go back!
I was craving Chinese food yesterday and until now hadn't found a place in the area that I loved, so it was the perfect opportunity to check out Dim Sum & Noodle. Service was quick and everything we ordered was really good. We shared a few small plates, a rice bowl and one of their classic dishes.. it was definitely more than enough food for two people and the leftovers reheated pretty well for lunch the next day.

Our favorites were the Dan Dan noodles and the general tso's chicken. Compared to what I'm used to, the general tso's chicken wasn't as greasy, overly breaded or drowning in sauce. The pieces of chicken were closer to the size of boneless wings. We also had the soup dumplings, pan-fried chicken dumplings (forgot to take a pic) and bulgogi rice bowl. I have a feeling I'll be craving more soup dumplings once it starts to get colder out!
Came here with my SO on Friday for some pre-race rice and meat. We ordered the soup dumplings, taiwanese braised pork belly, and chicken w/green beans. We got a free order of chicken dumplings as well (I think it's a temporary promotion & you might get it if you order more than $15 of food). Overall the food was fresh, tasty, and not overly oily. 

Service was awesome, and not just for an Asian restaurant (where service is generally non-existent) but in general. You start off the meal with a warm hand towel and tea, your water glass is always refilled, and your waitress/waiter will check back just enough to make sure you have everything you need and not so much that it gets bothersome. *Our waitress gave me an extra orange!

-Taiwanese Braised Pork Belly: My boyfriend's mom makes it just like this (in thick chunks), and he was so excited to have found a spot that makes it just like she does! He loved it and I really liked it as well. 
-Chicken Dumplings: the portion of meat inside is large and really well seasoned, plus there are bits of mushroom inside! A good choice for a free side. 
-Soup Dumplings: They were good but I don't think they're made in house. If you're craving soup dumplings these will definitely do, but if you want something house made go to Dim Sum Garden
-Chicken w/Green Beans: Nice chunks of chicken and tons of green beans. Good but not a must get. (Green beans were a teensy bit too oily for my taste).
This is my to go place whenever I am in Philadelphia. It beats many places in that city's Chinatown.

You must try the Scallion Pancakes and Fried Rice and Brown Rice (I have the feeling they use bulgur instead of brown rice ... Mmmmmm ... Anyways!!).

Nothing is too salty nor greasy. 

Go with friends ... Eat family style...

Bon appétit! !
Overall, we felt like everything was lackluster and left feeling disappointed. We ordered:

Scallion pancakes - too doughy and not crispy. Overpriced. But to be honest, all of the small plates are. Only the noodles and soup seem reasonable.

Soup dumplings - best thing we tried. Flavorful and decent size.

Sticky rice - tiny and barely any filling. Sausage tasted good though.

Garlic wings - insanely disappointing. $6 for 4 wings that are bland and have no flavor besides the faint whiff of curry powder. They felt like the frozen wing dings they serve at corner stores.

Dan Dan noodles - okay. The chili oil here is one of the best things about it.

Short rib ramen - this came out 25 mins after everything else. At this point we were scared of being disappointed again and were hoping the waitress wouldn't bring it. We ended up being pleasantly surprised. The broth had nice flavor, the short rib was a fair portion, and the noodles had great texture. The sweet crunchy fruit (peaches?) inside of it was really weird though.
Good food, clean and comfortable ambiance, and quick and friendly service. They offered a hot hand towel in the middle of the meal, which added a really nice touch. 

I ordered steamed shrimp dumplings, steamed pork dumplings, Vietnamese iced coffee, and green tea mochi ice cream - and they offered me a complimentary side of Dan Dan noodles (after spending a certain amount), which was pretty good. 

The shrimp dumplings were among the best I've had in Philly. The shells had a perfect texture, and there were generous chunks of shrimp inside. The pork dumplings were not the best I've had, but they still hit the spot. They were more lean than other versions I've had in Chinatown. The Vietnamese iced coffee was good, but the shell of the green tea mochi ice cream was a bit dry. 

Overall, I had a good experience. The price point is very reasonable, and I would definitely come here instead of trekking all the way to Chinatown for some basic Chinese food.
Decent Dim Sum in Fairmount. We ordered the Steamed Char Siu, Juicy Dumplings, and Garlic wings. The steamed bun of the char siu was flavorless and drier than similar dishes I've experienced elsewhere. The filling was just OK. Very sweet and filled with properly executed pork that was smothered in too much barbecue sauce. I've gotten bigger and quality-comparable Char Siu for 1/3 the price. The juicy buns, their name for Xio Long Bao (soup dumpling) were smaller than most soup dumplings I've had. The pork inside was tasty. But the soup:meat ratio was too low to get the pleasant soupy mouth explosion that characterizes  great Xiao Long Bao. 

The garlic wings were good wings. Probably 4/5 star quality. They had the classic Korean-style batter (more corn starch and subsequently crunch) than the American preparation. The meat on the wings was cooked a bit fast/overcooked. I'd like to taste a deeper flavor in the meat and less constriction of the meat to the bone. 

Overall an OK generic Asian offering. Nothing that I'm crazy about. The service was extremely fast and friendly.
Who are the yelpers for this location?!?!?!? This place barely had any selection to be call a dimSum place..more like a fast food chinese restaurant. The service was slow..the pan fried noodle had spam like meat..and 5 spice noodle broth was flavorless. How da heck can this place have a 4.5 rating at this point..I'm shock and truly disappointed in my fellow yelpers.
Just stopped in for lunch post-museum sightseeing.  One of the few times I was led astray by overblown Yelp reviews. 

Bf and I tried their xlb, dan dan noodles, and Szechuan spiced fried soft shell crabs.  

Xlb - not soupy enough, honestly. Also, the black vinegar had added sugar. I've had them in shanghai and NYC and these were disappointing. 

Dan dan.  Not Mala enough.  Also way oversweetened for my taste buds.  

Szechuan soft shell crabs.  The batter was too doughy and were overall too greasy.  I ended up peeling off the excess batter before chowing down on them.  The fried spices and ginger topping the crabs were tasty though. 

Overall, meh.  

Bf, however, was very happy to eat the bigger portion of the meal that picky gf didn't want to finish.
Excellent fast no frills dim sum. Menu is simple but has all the basics for when you're craving dim sum. They have an all inclusive brunch menu that's dirt cheap as well as a special for free scallion pancake with a $15 order! Overall, a great option if you don't want to trek into China Town or deal with parking on Arch street. 

The staff was very attentive and friendly. They served fast and quick food while everything tastes slow cooked and homemade.
I landed in Philly early afternoon on a Sunday so decided to order some delivery. I got an order of the Steamed Shanghai Juicy buns and Dan Dan Noodle with Chili sauce. The juicy buns were steamed to perfection and the filling was delicious! The noodles were thick and almost square like. The serving was more than enough for one person. The noodles had a LOT of the chili sauce on them and the heat can creep up on you if you're not careful. The noodles felt a bit greasy and probably why I can't give this place a 5. I think if I had order just the dim sum it might have changed my decision. Overall, great food.
Dim Sum & Noodle is a new restaurant run by the team from Sang Kee. This place offers almost all the tasty dim sum dishes and noodle bowls that Sang Kee's other locations have and excludes those over-priced non-authentic Cantonese entree dishes. Reasonable price and decent service for a diner-style Chinese restaurant. Such a nice place for a quick bite of Chinese specialties!
I might not have ordered the right items, but I was a little disappointed in my lunch. The sesame chicken and mushroom soup was totally bland. Based on price and location I'll be back to try something new next time.
Much more than dim sum and noodle dishes. 
If you like Taiwanese braised pork belly or beef, this is your spot as they've got both over rice or in your ramen. They also have life changing "honey lemon" green tea. 
It's a nice blend of American favorites like general Taos's with things you'd really see on a menu in China like mapo tofu. 
More like the places in Chinatown than most chinese spots elsewhere in the city.
Loved it! The DanDan noodles were very good and tasted like peanut butter a bit. The dim sum sampler was tasty. The service was quick and the food was hot and tasty. The price was right too. This isn't the fanciest place but the food tastes great and the price is right!
Being pretty much the only Chinese restaurants in the area. It is what it is. If you want better tasting and authentic food definitely visit Chinatown. I don't suggest coming here for dim sum or noodles. Not enough selection for dim sum and not fresh. Noodles are just okay. I feel like they have gotten worse over the years and is really catering more and more to the crowd that's around. For example, chicken feet from the dim sum menu is no longer haha.
My friend and I finished our semester today so we decided to celebrate here with lunch. :)

First and foremost, our waitress was the kindest server I've ever had. She was quick to seat us and offer drinks. She clarified a lot of the menu items and was extremely patient when walking us through ordering. She clearly cared about her customers and even shared a bit about her own life after she asked us how college was going. She gave us warmed wet wipes and fortune cookies near the end.

Secondly, the food was amazing and the sides were cheap. My friend and I ordered their pork fried dumplings, watercress steamed dumplings, and wontons. I ordered beef chow fun for my main dish and my friend got the lunch special of fried rice, stir-fried vegetables, and a spring roll. They also offer to swap the fried rice with lo mein and the spring roll with wontons/dumplings. Even without our main courses, our side orders were already filling. Our waitress also gave us scallion pancakes on the house. They were a bit dry and doughy, but they were free and such a nice surprise.

The atmosphere is lovely. It's a small place with beautiful art on the walls. It was pretty quiet when we arrived around noon on a weekday, with only about 4 tables filled by the time we left. They have a TV, but I doubt anyone was watching it. Plenty of seating options with chairs and booths.

I'm regretful that we were too hungry to take pictures of everything because it was such a nice spread of different items. I would definitely come back again!
I absolutely fell in love with this restaurant and dim sum all together after eating here. My boyfriend and I both ordered the Dim Sum Combo. We both chose Wonton Soup which probably was the greatest we both have ever had before. Then our dumplings came the food was so amazing that we both cleaned our plates. I was enjoying the food so much that I was almost bouncing. I ordered Lo Mein for my side and my boyfriend ordered rice. They both were incredible, we actually went back before we had went back home to Virginia. The staff was so friendly and warm. We both HIGHLY recommend!
This restaurant has the second best Chinese food I have ever had. Excellent prices for the quality and quantity of food. Service is good and staff is very friendly. Indulge in the delicious eats this restaurant has to offer. 

Rating down from 5 to 2. Food was cold. Extras requested weren't provided and didn't have much flavor this time. Very disappointed. 

I reordered from this restaurant about a week or so ago thinking maybe the chef was off that day and to give it another try. I had the same issues with this order as I had with last. Cold flavorless food and no attempt for redemption. Which brings me to my next point. 
Is there a such thing a redemption? If so I'd like to know what it feels like. With social media being what it is, you'd think that a business owner would check the ratings often and attempt to right the wrong or at least apologize. If I were a business owner, I'd reach out to my consumers and at least attempt to right the wrong. Anyone agree? No such luck with this restaurant. No more business from this consumer. Sorry not sorry...
Great spot in the neighborhood! And my new go-to for both take out and dining in. I've been here a couple times! Service is always great and food is even better. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but obviously I recommend the soup dumplings and Dan Dan noodles. Very affordable! I highly recommend. Oh, not to mention it's BYOB!
Ordered the scallion pancake, crispy noodles in soup (veg) and pork dim sums. Our bill came to $22. The food was good but I found the noodle soup a little too salty. The pork dim sums were the best followed by the pancake (but after eating the scallion pancake at han dynasty this one didn't seem too good!)
Dim Sum & Noodle is a foodie's dream -- delicious food, quick service, and a waitstaff who makes you feel like you're at home! As the waitress explained to us... you can go to Chinatown and get a huge Dim Sum menu rolled out on carts, but that means the dishes were all prepared at once and rolled around on a cart for about 10 minutes before reaching your table! Sure, to the average Joe this may seem just fine... but if you know a good bao bun (and I hope for your sake you do!!!) you know that after several minutes of sitting on the table it gets gummy and loses that unique texture that makes it so yummy. DS&M offers a limited dim sum menu but everything is made-to-order and perfectly prepared. We ordered the juicy buns, lotus leaf sticky rice, and dan dan noodles. Everything arrived to the table as it was made (you can tell because it came staggered) and tasted amazing. I can't wait to come back to try some other dim sum options and ramen!
Pretty good restaurant. I have heard great things, but am always hesitant about strip mall/shop food options. The location is rather small so expect to wait for a table during peak and off peak times. The food was very tasty but small in portions.
I was starving on a Monday afternoon with an empty refrigerator, however I stuck in the house waiting for a conference call to begin. I decided to check yelp for a good delivery option. I was impressed with some of the reviews/pictures and decided to give it a try. To my surprise, I found out that I could place my delivery order directly through yelp and Dim Sum and Noodle would deliver. My order was delivered fairly quickly (about 30 min. after placing the order).
I ordered the Pork dumpling (pan-fried) and Taiwanese Braised Pork Belly, aged egg, and vegetable on white rice.  The dumplings were great but a little soggy from being in the foam container but the sauce that came with them was by far the best I've ever had.  I was surprised they were placed with care on a bed of spinach in the to-go container and not just mindlessly thrown into the container (which is common with most take-out).  The pork belly was so tender and flavorful that I didn't put any soy sauce on it (which I usually do).  I must admit, I was a little suspicious when I saw the brown egg.  However, I was in love with it after the first bite.  It was full of flavor and mouthwatering.  The portion size was pretty large as I was unable to finish it. Needless to say, I would definitely order from here again.
We just tried this restaurant for take out because we enjoy other Sang Kee restaurants. The food was excellent and the woman who handled my order was lovely. I'm a vegetarian and there were a lot of choices. I am thrilled to have such a delicious chinese option in my neighborhood.
First let me say that I am picky when it comes to Chinese restaurants. I didn't think this one was horrible but I just don't think my tastebuds matched up with the cuisine. I had the shrimp pad Thai & shrimp dumplings. The dumplings I will say we're very big and tasty. They give you about 5 which i think is generous especially considering the large size of the shrimp. Now my pad Thai noodles were kind of dry and thin. I prefer the thicker noodles and I like for there to be enough sauce so that my noodles don't clump. I wasn't a fan of the sauce, I didn't find it flavorful enough, but again that may just be my tastebuds. And lastly, my fortune cookie was missing the fortune (lol) I was looking forward to reading something good, but that didn't happen. I still ate it though. I'd say try it at your own risk, but I doubt I'll be trying them again.
Not happy with place. I've done delivery twice here and they are always extremely late. Today, the food was unreasonably late and it was cold.
I had to credit the place for its service. The girl there was sooo nice... She served hot towels to us before the food was served and came over several time during the eating in a not disturbing way. In terms of the food, the barbecue ribs were really juicy and tasteful, the steamed buns were below the average but still okay.
I really like this place and order take out from here often.  The woman who works at the register when you walk in is so nice and helpful.  The food is very good and well priced.  There is a medium sized seating area if you want to dine in and there generally isn't a wait.  I did dine in once with 5 people.  It was Sat night, i called and said we'd like to come right over.  The nice lady sounded a little concerned but she made it happen!  I always get the beef lo mein.  Good food, good prices, and good service!
I can't believe this place is rated as high as it is. The food is pretty mediocre, and because of that it's really overpriced. There are such better places around for both dim sum and noodles.
This restaurant has the second best Chinese food I have ever had. Excellent prices for the quality and quantity of food. Service is good and staff is very friendly. Indulge in the delicious eats this restaurant has to offer. 

Rating down from 5 to 2. Food was cold. Extras requested weren't provided and didn't have much flavor this time. Very disappointed.
I happened to come across this restaurant while visiting Philly from Jersey City. Eating here made the whole trip worthwhile and we will definitely come back just to see what more they have to offer. We ordered Taiwanese beef noodle and shrimp chow fun and they were one of the best any where in the world. The dim sum was good too.  We were never so satisfied with so little money.
Not impressed... They had such great review so tired... 
service was great. They gave me warm wet towel as I walked in. 

I had their soup dumpling. Obviously they don't make it here and there were very little soup in the dumpling!!! Very disappointing. 

The shrimp dumpling was good.
I ate in many Chinese  restaurants in China and USA , but you are the best one so far. Your food is wonderful, the real taste of proper Chinese food, and your service is awesome. I would like to pay 25% in tips. We were also given a free Chinese famous food: Dan Dan noodle. You try it, then love it.
We looked on Yelp for dimsum after going to The Mint and found this restaurant. We were pleasantly surprised! The staff speaks Cantonese (like me). There was a sign outside advertising their dimsum sampler and that is what we (myself, husband, and our 2 little kids) ordered, plus the Taiwanese Braised Pork Belly, Aged Egg and Veg. on Rice. It was all very good. Service was very good as well. Great meal!
I had a last minute craving for some Asian food, and I came across here from some yelp reviews. 
I chose to go with the Dan Dan Noodles, and the Bulgogi with Rice and Kimchi. Both were soooo good and definitely satisfied my craving. I'm curious to try the other items on the menu now! Will definitely be ordering from here again!
This place doesn't really need another 5 star review, but... Wow! Their food is fantastic! I called to order delivery, and they routed me to GrubHub (might be a hassle for some, but I didn't mind). My order arrived quickly, hot, and they even made my substitution with no questions asked. I had chicken lo mein, chicken and bok choy (subbed out string beans), and spring rolls. 

I will definitely be ordering from them again! Yum!
Only ordered take out from here so I can't speak to the eat in experience. The dan dan noodles are by far the best thing that I've eaten and are the reason why I order from
here to begin with. The rest of the food is solid. My buggiest issue with it is that things are pretty pricey, and often the dishes are loaded up with vegetables and light on meat. Overall good, not great but definitely worth giving a shot.
I really liked this spot!! We did take out and it was an easy pick up experience and it is definitely affordable. The Steamed Shanghai Juicy Buns were the favorite - super flavorful and some of my favorite dumplings I've had. Another favorite were the Pan Seared Vegetable Buns. It came with 3 an order and they were super good - a little different than I was expecting but everyone enjoyed. I didn't love their vegetable dumplings but I think it is a matter of taste. I'll definitely be ordering from here again!
First time going. Place is a good intimate size and was cool and comfortable on this super hot day. All the dim sum plates i had were great- Shanghai juicy buns, pan seared dumplings and scallion pancakes. The string beans here were my absolute favorite! I also got the beef belly ramen which was bland for my taste. Creme brulée was good ending to the lunch.
Dim Sum & Noodle overall was pretty decent! It wasn't the best dim sum I've ever had, but it was pretty good and for sure hit the spot.

When I was there, they actually gave us a complimentary order of scallion pancakes which was really sweet. Service was so incredibly quick and efficient - our waitress kept commenting on how proud she was that we were finishing everything, and I became personally invested in seeing that through to the end.

We stuffed ourselves full on BBQ Char Sui pork buns, chili oil beef dumplings, tom yum soup, Shanghai juicy buns, and banana leaf sticky rice (we devoured that up and I couldn't grab a picture)

The juicy buns (or soup dumplings) could have definitely used more soup in them, but the seasoning was good. The scallion pancakes had that great, crisp crunch but maybe could have been seasoned more. The tom yum soup was alright - definitely could have also had more of that classic tangy flavor. The char sui buns and the chili oil beef dumplings were my favorite and the sticky rice was also really great.

I think I would maybe do takeout here again. If you have a craving and don't feel like walking all the way to Chinatown if you're in the area, it's worth a stop by!
Delightful little restaurant, excellent, pleasant service, priced right.
You order dim sum from the menu, rather than carts brought tableside.
Located just behind the Rodin Museum on Rodin Place.  We used it to break up our Rodin Museum experience into 2 segments.
Looking for good beef chow fun is hard in Philly. Looking for a Chinese restaurant with good service is even harder. But this place has both! 

I love that I don't have to walk to Chinatown for damn good Chinese food!
It was a small friendly place. Very convenient to the Franklin institute, free library and Barnes foundation. Prices were slightly higher than Chinatown, BUT, the Dimsum fillings were full of meat and they did not skimp on ingredients. This means we were able to order less but leave just as full. 

I would recommend a trip here.

Notes: 
- Dimsum is made to order
- Soup buns (xiao long bao) could use more soup, but were not bad
- They give a fried pancake/dumpling/something complementary with a $25 or more purchase
- Only one bathroom
- The braised pork flavor was very good, but the noodles used for the ramen are NOT ramen noodles (I would recommend skipping the noodles and just ordering the pork).
Server admitted that majority of dim sums are straight from Asian market. They charge it 5 times more to steam them and put them on the plate. Noodles taste like they were soaked in water for a long time. Not authentic. Do not recommend.
Came here in a whim after going to Eastern State Penitentiary and it was an awesome choice. The staff is so sweet and personable, and gave great advice on what to order. I had the dim sum platter and pork buns and that was more than enough for me. My friend and I also split the peach buns, super cute and tasty. We also really appreciated the complimentary scallion pancakes. Will definitely be coming back!
Wasn't sure what to expect, but was very pleasantly surprised from appetizer to main dish. Had the pork gyoza, house special fried rice, & tried my friends crunchy noodles with chicken, ham, & shrimp. Everything was fresh, delicious, and seasoned to perfection. The fried rice had that "wok" cooked taste that you just cant get at home when making your own fried rice. The server was very friendly & checked on us twice during the meal.
What I learned from last night. Do your research on yelp before ordering rule #1.

We started off with an order of the Shrimp Shumai and let me tell you this looks nothing like Shrimp Shumai. As I ordered it the waitress goes it come with mushroom, some pork, some chicken in it. After being throughly confused and not eating since breakfast I said okay unconfidently. When the appetizer came out it was the exact opposite what you would think you are getting when you order it from say A1 Japanese SteakHouse - the exact opposite and we could not finish the order of 4 that came with the order.

Shrimp Dumpling Noodle Soup - totally tasteless. Couple of Bok Choy's thrown in, maybe five small shrimp dumplings, and your typical noodle base. I ate the shrimp dumplings and couldn't stomach to eat the noodles with no flavor.

After looking at some of the reviews on this restaurant I clearly made an error in judgement on what I ordered. Lesson learned the hard way. I do not believe I will ever be back to this part of the city again and find myself to give them another chance but who knows as I do love me some good Dim Sum. And as always fellow yelpers choose wisely and SYOY!!!
If you go on a Sunday, make sure you get the 12 for 12 Brunch special. You get to try a little bit of everything on the dim sum menu. My boyfriend and I just went recently and tried their rice bowls--he got jalapeño beef bowl and I got the lemongrass Vietnamese chicken rice bowl. Both were amazing and had a HUGE amount of white rice, so if you're a rice lover like me you will be in heaven. There was actually so much rice in my bowl that I couldn't finish it and was sad to have left it behind. Still thinking about that rice today. The seasoning and spices in both of our rice bowls coated the white rice just enough to give it extra flavor without saturating it.
The scallion pancakes are delicious. I always get the beef and kimchee bowl and it's delicious. I wish they would put more sauce on the rice so it's not dry. The prices are reasonable and i enjoy the food.
Visited with family of 7.
Great quality food, good service and ambience!
Serving size is very generous.. So make sure you work up a good appetite. 

Vegetarian friendly too.
Love this place! My second time coming here for a quick lunch dim sum and will highly recommend.  The dim sum is so yummy and affordable and their servers are super nice (especially Mei).  I will keep coming back to try more of their dishes! The place is located in a busy street in center city but I was always able to find parking even busy times.
I had an awesome experience my first time getting ramen, tried it again bc I'm under the weather an requested it be spicy. The noodles used were not ramen noodles and it wasn't spicy at all.

Quality of the food has definitely gone down. Will be going to the place close to me going forward.
What a great place to bring people who were unfamiliar with dim sum! The service was excellent (hot tea and warm moist hand towels) and the food was on the more authentic-tasting side. I had free Dan Dan noodles, which had a nice kick, free scallion pancakes, vegetable buns, and the bulgogi bowl. All of it was fresh, hot, and delicious. The kimchi on the bulgogi bowl could have been a bit spicier for my taste, but was still good. The meal finished with fresh oranges. I really appreciated the surprise elements and the kind service.
Dim sum walking distance from the Philly Art Museum. Kinda hole in the wall but when you walk in, its very clean and the staff is friendly. I was a little sad about the lack of people since the food was really good! Decent price for dimsum and they have a lot of options. We got the bbq korean shortribs, scallion pancakes, shrimp dumplings, and steamed shanghai juicy buns. The winner hands down was the steamed shanghai juicy buns! After we finished our first order we immediately ordered a second. They also have some really neat specials if you order the noodles and get an order of dim sum! Parking is typical philly and almost nonexistent with a few street parking in front but they do offer delivery! So order online!!
This is a good place. Always consistent and the best General chicken and shrimp I've had. For Chinese this is my #1 take out.
My new fav place for dim sum food. My boyfriend and I love this restaurant. Food is delicious and the employees are very friendly. The last time my bf and I visited the manager gave us the Dan Dan noodles on the house. We just received it, told them we didn't order it, and they said it was a gift from the manager. We were pleasantly surprised because it was my first time trying it.  It was delicious! We've tried the fried calamari, steamed pork buns, shu Mai, scallion pancakes, soup dumplings, basically everything on their dim sum menu. Everything was great! Highly recommend. It's better than Dim Sum Garden imo.
This place is great, especially for the price. It's nothing fancy, but it's extremely tasty. The juicy buns are a must, the steamed shrimp dumplings were tasty, and the Dan Dan noodles are killer. Definitely make a stop if you're in the area.
This is my new place for Asian food. The food arrived hot and was delivered in a timely fashion. I ordered beef fried rice for my mom and she said it was delicious. I also ordered Kung Pao shrimp and Dan Dan noodles which were also very delicious. I formerly went to a place on Spring Garden which has really gone down in terms of food quality with no seasoning and no flavor. That is not the case with Dim Sum & Noodles. You have a new long term customer.
The only bad thing about this place is , its so hard to get seated. Place is always full house. Perhaps that speaks about the food as well.  I am a vegetarian hence i was little bit nervous about going to an authentic chinese place . To my surprise we were so happy with the food and taste. They give you details on everything so that you know what you want. Totally loved this place.
This place is the shit!! There's no other way to put it. Fresh, delicious delivery to our Francisville apartment in under 30 minutes on a Saturday night. You get a generous portion for the price and nothing was too oily. Mapo dofu was the perfect spice level for us but you can ask for chili oil if you want to kick it up a notch. Amazing!!!
Great customer service!!! Very friendly staff and nice small place very clean and tidy. Before and after the food is served, hot hand towels are provided which I found very good gesture towards cleanliness and I feel more restaurants big or small should be doing this.
Had the dimsum combo was delicious - 8 dumplings (2 steamed shrimp, 2 pork soup dumplings, 1 watercress, 1 veg, 2 shrimp something again). In entree had the sauted szechuan knife shaved noodle with chicken - somewhat like drunken noodles. Again good taste and can be shared between 2. Will definitely go again for their brunch on weekends which is 12 for $12 basically covering almost all its appetizers (dumplings, pancake, bun, spring rolls).
Used to be a regular here, then stopped coming as I wanted to explore some other options in the Art Museum area. However, I ordered take-out the other day and really enjoyed it. They really cater to your tastes and try to make it the best service possible. I have also sat-down here and its a nice sit-down place.

Atmosphere: Casual to business casual. I've sat down once here and had a nice catch-up with a friend who was in Philly for the day. Otherwise, I usually just do take-out and enjoy in the comfort of my home while watching TV or studying. 

Food:  My go to is the dan-dan noodles and the pad-that. Both are pretty delicious, but no match for Dan Dan or Han Dynasty. Philly has pretty good thai food, so its hard to match that. I couldn't give 5/5 because there are better food options in Philly. I would've given 3/5, but this is the only decent place with a mix of Asian food in the Art Museum area that is actually decent. Dan-dan noodles are flavorful, but not that spicy. Definitely ask for a side of hot oil (or two!). The pad thai is flavorful and can be made with or without egg. 

I recently got the ramen here, and really enjoyed it. I mean its not great, but it gets the job done when you're sick or on a bad day. They give the veggies and broth separately so you can mix as you desire later. Definitely order lots of hot oil on the side if you like spicy ramen. 

Drinks: Just had water! 

Service: Quick and helpful! Order prior for take-out. They also do delivery via one of the delivery services (i.e. Grubhub).

Would 100% come back since its so close.
I only tried the vegetable dumplings and veggie spring rolls, but if everything else taste as good as these! You will love it. The dumplings are so good, even my 11 year old niece loved them. I'm so obsessed, I've already ordered 3x in the last 24 hours lol. I did order Uber eats so I can't say much on the place. But if you're vegan, or vegetarian, try it out!
Went to Dim Sum last night with my boyfriend. The service was simply awesome. I thought the food was pretty good too. We ordered chicken dumplings, vegetable spring rolls, chicken and green beans and shrimp and pineapple fried rice. Yep, just for the two of us. I liked it all. We made some great choices. I will say though I've had better Chinese food at random spots in University city (e.g., Spring Garden Restaurant). We both wished there was more to pick from on the menu but enjoyed the ambience of the place.
Very very very good. The dandan noodles were great and we asked for some more sauce to top the vegetarian pan seared veggie buns the veggie dumplings were FABULOUS. I also got the bulgogi ramen- great flavor to the broth.  A very good pick, with attentive and helpful service.
This was awesome. My beef chow fun was sooo juicy. The meat was great quality. There was sauce covered all over the noodles. Not all places perfectly coat their noodles in sauce, so i was absolutely thrilled. The Steamed Shanghai Juicy Buns were still hot when they arrived to me. Took me by surprise and filled me with joy! The flavor... so loud, so memorable. They were juicy and slimy (in a good way! You know how dumplings can be beautifully squishy and wet? Trust me, it was awesome). And i got the General Tso's. Obviously, this is a classic dish but they perfected it! So! Much! SAUCE! Ugh i cannot wait to order again :)!
This place is SO underrated. I have dined in and gotten take out a bunch of times. First of all their waitstaff is the absolute best and so sweet. They really do care about their customers and it shows! It's BYOB so I always stop at Whole Foods around the corner and grab a bottle of wine. I am obsessed with their red chili oil meat dumplings, SO GOOD. I also always get the lomein and some other dumplings, too. It's a great place to order a bunch of things and try new stuff for sure.
