I've been visiting Dos Tacos every couple of months for half a year now, and I love their off the wall taco flavors. Each order will run you about $8 and comes with two tacos (making it easy to trade with a friend). Sometimes it gets really crowded, because this place is truly a hole in the wall, but the taste is worth the wait.

Recently, I noticed that they changed up the menu--I see the sushi taco is gone, which I shall lament. Now on the menu is a pastrami taco (which is intriguing, but not enough so that I've gotten up the courage to order it). Of course, now I've settled into a routine and typically order the al pastor taco. I love the overflowing amount of crunchy pork and fresh ingredients found on the soft tortilla shell. 

However, in addition to changing the menu, they've also changed how the tacos are served. Each taco used to come with a double shell, which was a great help in managing the contents of the taco (as I mentioned before, they are overflowing). Now the tacos are still filled the same amount, but the shell falls apart because it lacks a backup. It makes the proprietors look like they are trying to cheap out on ingredients and it's impacting the quality of the orders, which is disappointing because the price is already high and the taste is truly great.
Tucked into a parking garage. This humble grab-and-go taco shop offers few types of tacos, such as the Clasicos Taco (ground beef,) the The New Yorker Tacos (chili rubbed pastrami) and couple more types.  Each order of taco comes as a pair, and you can't mix and match.
I'm not a taco expert, but after trying the Loco Pollo tacos (braised chicken,) I personally think they were not worth seeking out. Also, I tried the Mole Empanadas with shrimp. I wasn't impressed. 

Sorry Chef Sylva Senat, but those tacos and not my tacos.
Two Yelps.
Not sure why this place has low ratings...I feel some reviewers are not being fair. 

 And, heaven forbid, try something outside the box!  Who goes to a modern taco shack (started by a past Top Chef competitor) and orders ground beef?  

Come on.

I tried the plantanos (plantains) tacos and I enjoyed them.  Tasty sauces, not at all skimpy on filling, good balance of slaw to meat to sauce.  Honestly, I'm cool with only getting dos (two) tacos.  It was filling enough. And the quality is there.

The service was notably friendly and cool.   I want to come back and try the crispy pork belly tacos and yucca fries. 
 They also have empanadas!
I actually have no idea why I came to get food that one faithful night because I've been dieting (lol I literally just typed "dying", fuck I hope that's not like some subconscious shit) but anyways on my way home from happy hour I saw this place and I liked tacos and asking me if I'm hungry is like asking me if I want money. Yes I just stole this joke, get over it.

You step in and walk down this long and narrow hallway to the cash register. The menu items are scribbled on the wall which is also a blackboard. There's about 5 options if I remember correctly. I ordered the only vegetarian one, "the platanos" without the onions. 

I had to wait for my food for quite a while. And then some. I was on the phone and started getting really pissed actually, like what takes so long to put together two tacos? I looked this place up on yelp bc for all I know, I just walked into a place where a finger or two occasionally makes it way into the food. Much to my horror, the average rating was 3/5 so right off the bat I was biased. The food was finally ready so I grabbed that little styrofoam box and made a run for it.

I'm not super keen on flour tacos to begin with but the absolutely spectacular flavor of the ingredients and that white powdered cheese and chipotle sauce made up for it. Holy shit this was DELICIOUS. Far exceeded my expectations. Only issue is that it's pricey ($8 something) for 2 baby tacos and a lime quarter. Sides are extra and judging by the other reviews I see, expensive as well.
I really really wanted to like this place.  I've heard and read great things but sadly it severely disappointed.  There were almost too many things to list but let me see what I can come up with.  Chips were stale, guac was half green and half brown, both of our tacos were watery and the tortillas were falling apart.  This was so bad that I had to just throw them away and eat everything with a fork.  The el pastor meat was adequate, seasoning was boring and they were both drowning in iceberg greens.  The corn was soggy and close to uneatable.  Dropped thirty bucks for food and ended up not even being able to finish.  Sorry, but a swing and a miss.
Came here after the gym one day with my coworker. I have no idea what I was thinking.... lol. 1 because I literally just worked out and about to eat tons more calories than I burned and 2, it really wasn't worth it. We ordered some sort of rice bowl and some tacos. 

The rice was beyond salty. I felt like I needed a full cup of water after each bite. Although the bowl looks tiny, my coworker and I couldn't finish it bc we felt like we were getting extremely bloated with every bite.

The tacos... it was just ok. I don't quite remember if I ordered pork or chicken. One was with the rice and the other was with our tacos. The meat in the tacos were moist, however, I felt the 2 shells per taco was a bit much. 

I don't think I will be back. The service was really cool, but the food just wasn't close to something I would want to try again.
I tried this place twice.   The tacos tasted pretty good but there was very little meat and tons of cabbage and other fillers just to make it look like a full size taco.   The corn and yucca fries aren't good.   It just a buttery dried corn they charge 5 bucks for.   I'm most likely not going back,  tons of better Mexican places for the same price.


Update:  I went back and got the crispy pig taco.  There was some very fatty "braised" pork but virtually no Kimchi and there was no cilantro at all.  I asked for some side salsa and they told me it was extra and I didn't order it.  Over priced, no good flavor, meat was okay.  Reducing from two to one star and never going back. Bye.
I really wanted to like this place! I work just a block away and would have loved to have a regular taco spot. If you are going to take something cheap and easy and make it artisanal and charge artisanal pricing, it better be impressive. There were really 3 problems:

1. The space and time it took to get my order. It took 25 minutes to get 2 tacos and some yuca fries. The point of tacos is that they are fast. Admittedly, they had just opened and were slammed, but that is why you staff appropriately. Their number system didn't really seem to have any rhyme or reason. They also didn't appear to be very sympathetic to the wait. The space was crammed and felt claustrophobic. 

2. The tacos just weren't good. They were bland and dry. I ordered the Al Pastor tacos, and my buddy ordered the shrimp. Neither had any flavor. The tortillas had not been pan heated and didn't seem fresh. The amount of items in the tortilla were minimal, and again, lacked flavor. The yuca fries were done well, and the truffle dipping sauce was tasty. 

3. Presentation and follow through. They gave us a cup filled with chips, but no salsa of any kind. The tacos even looked flat and depressed (mainly because of the lack of content). 

If the problem with this place were just that they were understaffed, I could see it making a resurgence, but this new addition had everything wrong with it. It looks like this space on South 15th will continue to be haunted with direct to fail start-ups.
Went to this place today with my sister in law... 

1.) they dont even heat up the tortillas that the tacos are in. They literally just pull them from the bag and there you go. They were cold and tasted like crap. Who doesnt at least WARM the toritillas?!?

2.) the "cook" was on his phone the whole time listening to some youtube channel. Obviously could care less about our food and quickly made the tacos so he could get back to his phone.  So rude .

3.) these things wouldnt have been SO annoying if
The tacos wernt so EXPENSIVE. I mean really 9$ for 2 shit tacos? Ill pass on that

Please dont waste your money here, we literally threw away our tacos and my whole mean was 32$. They need to give up this space to a real taco place.
Was heartbroken when my favorite Thai joint closed, but tacos are like another mistress, so I was ok with it! 

On Friday I got DOS of the Korean BBQ tacos (any tacos with meat can be subbed for tofu which is kewl). They were pretty good, but for over $8 for two tacos, I really didn't think they blew my mind or anything. 

Later that night (yay open til 3am, holla) we returned to visit our new friend and got some yuca fries, chips/guac, and corn. The corn on the cob and yuca fries were phenomenal. The yuca fries aren't like normal fries, there are like 5 in there which kinda sucks for sharing purposes but whatevs, Guac was whatevs too.
 
I'd go again to try some of the other flavors, maybe my Korean one was just off?
$8-$10 for 2 tacos that are the size of your hand. Yes, they're good but I think the price is steep and you'll still end up being hungry. The quality of the meat is solid, cooked right but could use some more marinade. The house salsa is a bit too sweet for my taste. Overall, it was a good experience and the staff were very friendly.
Tried them for the first time today for lunch. I chose the veggie tacos, elotes and ginger brew. The whole thing came with a complementary side of chips. The tacos were flavorful and just really good. The elotes could have been juicier but in terms of flavor I cannot complain.

I went late to avoid the typical lunch crowd so thanks to that there were only two people ahead of me and the food took merely 3 minutes to come out. 

The guys were super friendly and helpful when asked for their expert opinion on what to choose.

Will def be back and try the other tacos on the menu...since they all sound delish.
We ordered delivery last night. All told, it was $26 for two orders of tacos and the yucca fries, which felt very pricey. So my expectations were high.

I totally agree with all the reviews of the yucca fries - YUM! Will definitely be grabbing them as a snack if I'm near the restaurant (just wish there were more!). But the tacos were just okay. The meat in the Classicos was very salty (my husband couldn't even eat it). The Phat Pig tacos were almost sweet by comparison. Both kind of left me wanting something else.

One other irksome bit - the delivery person made us come to their car. I guess that's starting to become the norm, but I find it annoying, especially since I've paid the delivery fee, already included a nice tip, and taken the time to provide instructions.
I never thought tacos could taste so bad. Ordered three types of tacos: Le Frenchman, Little Vegetables, and Ta- Korea with tofu instead of steak. Paid almost $30 dollars for food that I didn't even want to finish. 

Living so close to this place, I was hoping this would be my go to taco shop but I'm definitely not going back.
Finally tried Dos Tacos for lunch with two coworkers because we didn't want to go far for lunch. I tried the pork tacos, and we split yucca fries. The yucca fries were very good and still hot, but the tacos were nothing special.

My coworker had the beef tacos, which came in hard shells and looked like they were from a high school cafeteria. My other coworker had the chicken tacos, which looked good. All of our tacos however were very watery (see picture). None of us know what all the water was from, but all of our to-go boxes ended up with a layer of water and our tortillas became very soggy.

My pork tacos tasted ok, although the smokey flavor was pretty overwhelming. Unfortunately I couldn't eat half of one taco because the piece of pork was mostly fat (see picture). 

Overall not bad, but definitely not worth the price. They're way too expensive for what you actually get.
I stopped at Dos Tacos around 1am with drunk munchies on my mind. I ordered the Phat Pig, it cost about $8, which is kind of pricy for two tacos, but I was hungry.  The cashier was funny and friendly, and the food came out pretty fast.  The tacos were okay, the salty/smokey pork taste was great, but tacos are supposed to be a cheap food and these weren't filling enough to warrant the price.  Overall, I might try out Dos Tacos again if it's late at night and I'm hungry, but I wouldn't go out of my way to stop here.

EDIT: After posting this review, I took a look at some of the pictures uploaded to yelp and my tacos definitely didn't come as heavily packed as some of the ones I saw in the gallery.  If my tacos were actually filled, I'd probably give this place a better review.
I really wanted to love this place...I've given it two chances. Both times, very disappointed.

1. Very over-priced for the small amount of food provided. Not enough meat or extras in the tacos..lots of empty space in the tacos. I would gladly pay top dollar for amazing tacos, but these are not amazing. They have potential to be amazing, just need more meat and extras.
2. Staff was not pleasant...on their phones both times I went.

The location is what it is, tiny little spot in Center City. Lot's of places like that in Philly. Again, this wouldn't be an issue if it was worth the hassle, which it isn't.

The only pro is the unique menu. 
I think Dos Tacos has real potential to have huge lines out the door, just need to make some serious changes.
Dos tacos gets dos stars from me.  With the recent increase in really decent taco joints in Philly, Dos Tacos is just not living up.  The place is small with a reasonable menu.  The kitchen guys are friendly and humors.  But the tacos are dry and the flavors are just not there.
The tacos are good... I've tried the classicos, pastor and the loco pollo. Good tacos but nothing I'd write home about. Service is quick but this last time I asked to add onions to the Classicos and kept getting the response that onions were in the pico de gallo despite saying can you add diced onions. I'm willing to even pay for the addition but cashier didn't seem to understand. There was one other person there who was already eating, cook was in his phone and when I asked for no queso fresco the cashier said sure. Order came out and there was cheese. I rarely send anything back but really dislike this type of cheese. She tried to argue there was no cheese and I literally had to stick a fork in and show her. Will I go back? Maybe but it will be a while as there are a lot more places that offer a bit better customer service such as dos rosas in Old City.
The taco was okay, it was nothing special or different that made me want to tell all of my friends about it.

The service was fast went during lunch time and it was not crowded. 

I would go back to try a different menu items.
Just yes! I was wandering aimlessly, searching for sustenance when I came upon Dos Tacos. It's a cozy little place with an awesome color scheme and really good food. The Phat Pig taco is amazing. Full of pork bits and a generous helping of bacon. And if you leave without trying the Yucca fries, you are doing yourself a disservice. Service was great on a Friday night and I was pleasantly stuffed after leaving. I will definitely  be back!
I tried this place twice.   The tacos tasted pretty good but there was very little meat and tons of cabbage and other fillers just to make it look like a full size taco.   The corn and yucca fries aren't good.   Its just a buttery dried corn they charge 5 bucks for.   I'm most likely not going back,  tons of better Mexican places for the same price.
Heard dos tacos was one of the best taco spots in Philly and after trying them, I can see why! I got the los clasicos and my boyfriend got the ta-Korea. Both were excellent. In case you didn't figure it out by now, you get two tacos per order. It's only been open for 4.5 months, but they're doing well for themselves so far. It's not a place to sit down and eat. There's no place to sit, just a couple tables to stand and eat if you wanted to stay there. Great for take out and they're open til 3am for you nightlife lovers. Love the music bumpin' inside and outside the establishment. Definitely want to go back and try more of their options and wish I ordered a churro! Next time
Dos Tacos is the freakin bees knees and if you don't think so it's because frankly you're an idiot. Or have bad taste. Or both probably. 
They have DELICIOUS, specialty seasoned VARIOUS meats and fish at 3am and their portions are gigantic. And they put up with the grunt of the worst of center city stumble drunk night life people and they keep it clean and warm and QUICK and SCRUMPTIOUS?!
They have SIDES?! And SOFT DRINKS?!
Like pay the 9 dollars for two mega stuffed REAL AS *#%! tacos at 2am in center city and stop complaining and being so ungrateful. These people turn it up for your food at all hours.
Hell, they put up with me and two drunk jerks tonight that wouldn't let me by to get a fork. They are gotdamn sorcerous heroes. You are amazing all of you Dos Tacos Crew and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
Ordered the fish tacos, thought they were a little too done, the slaw needed to be cut a little finer and too much aioli to top it off. The helping of queso was plentiful and the chips were good. 

Thought the portions were sized right, I generally eat kid's meal portions, but maybe a little overpriced. Which brings me to my last point, I didn't know how much anything was, no pricing on the wall menus, that I saw.
Talk about a hole in the way, in a good way! There's not even a bathroom in here for the employees to use! They go across the street.

This menu was straight forward, but that did not make picking my tacos easier. I tried the korean tacos and my friend got the ahi tuna and we ended up swapping one for one.

I loved both of these tacos! Great fresh ingredients, and they were stacked pretty high, but not to a point where things were gushing out of the taco. The korean one was definitely my favorite out of the two because I found it had a bit more flavor and I liked the hot taco better than the cold served tuna. Don't get me wrong, the tuna was great (topped with avocado and some awesome salsa), but I just wanted a warm taco. Two tacos will definitely fill you up and have your stomach feeling pleasantly full, but not so full it hurts to walk.

Side dishes, guac is only $1.50 here! And yes! that includes chips! Such a great deal for a start up place! 

Only complaint here is a personal one: I'm not a fan of the corn tortilla. I prefer flour cause I think it's not as dry, but I'll eat it anyway :)
Waked by on my way to grab the PATCO train. Did a u-turn when my tummy grumbled; it was lunch time.

I got the Phat Pig. I gotta tell ya, it was pretty amazing. The pork was braised perfectly. Just the right amount of food. 

My only complaint was the music was a little too loud, but honestly I got my order to go so I wasn't that concerned about it. If I had decided to dine in I probably would've asked to turn it down just a tad.

I'll be back to try their other menu items.
Great! I went a few days after they opened and got the mushroom tacos with jicama salsa. The meat tacos seemed pricey (I'm unsure of the market value for them, though), but the vegetable tacos were pretty cheap and very tasty. The man who took my order was very helpful and friendly, even consulting the chef when he was unsure how to answer a question I had. 
That raises an interesting point, though- the tacos I got were vegan, but no one knew it! I feel it would be more effective to note that on the menu. It would have saved a little time, and it would also attract other vegans like me. 
Anyway, they are brand new, so some kinks are inevitable- the packaging seemed a bit over the top (especially since I was asked if I would like my food to go, and I declined), the wait was a little long, etc. Once the workers and management get in the groove of things, I'm sure it will be a trendy little spot.
This place is right next to my job and I need to grab something to eat for break! Thought it would be delicious but it was okay. Nothing too special wished they double wrap the tacos. When I picked up the tacos the shell completely torn apart made me sad. It was expensive too basically $4.50 a taco. Not worth it for how much they offer.
So how often do you have a chance to walk into a Taco stand that offers plantains, pork belly and Kimchi in its tacos and was founded by a chef who competed on Top Chef?  Well you can right in center city right next to the venerable and exclusive Union League.  This place gets my "yumb and a half" rating for superb tacos and and happy staff!  We arrived on a chilly January afternoon and were greeted by delicious crispy pork (belly) and delightful plantains tacos.  The sauces and veggies were awesome!  What a surprise!  It looks like a hole in the wall inside the garage but do't be fooled. This is a little bit of awesomeness in a plain little store front.  Don't walk by it because you don't know what you are missing.  Would have gotten 5 stars but their "Classico Taco" was kinda bland.  Otherwise, go hog wild here!
We ordered from here (via Caviar) last week. The food was okay, but I think would have been better if we ate there - it came cold and soggy, which was a bummer. The chicken tacos were okay - not that great. The empanada of the day was actually pretty good - it was shrimp and rice, so I'm glad I got that too, as the tacos weren't much to rave about. Overall, I've had better. Kind of was hoping for more from this place.
This place makes me really miss being in California...in a bad way. The tacos here were so underwhelming!!! It was so exciting to see a taco establishment open past 10pm but my emotions quickly changed once I started eating. I absolutely love al pastor tacos, with pork that's normally sweet and juicy. BUT at Dos Tacos, it was just ended up being chewy and dry. The tortillas were bland and could have used some time on the grill too! I had high expectations for $8.50 for 2 tacos! I left feeling truly unsatisfied.
I'm sorry, but this is one step above Taco Bell. I got the Los classicos and el pastor tacos and they were both sub par. The Los classicos tacos boasted ground Kobe beef but my tacos arrived in a puddle of grease and the beef was akin to canned beef. The el pastor tacos were a notch above, but the pork was very tough. If you're drunk or buzzed (and I kind of was) and you're desperate for food, it's a good option. But I'd rather go to Taco Bell at that point :/
I've heard great places about this place, but I was disappointed in our food. Oddly enough, our food was lukewarm and lacking flavor. I ordered the mac n cheese and my partner ordered the Classico tacos. This is probably the place that's great drunk food, but not so hot when you're sober.
Not worth your money. I have an addiction to tacos and this place shamed the taco name so bad it left me in a bad mood for the next hour. Two stars for: bad service, pricey, poor tasting tacos.

The cashier was sitting sluggishly on a stool in front of the iPad. Before we even spoke, he yelled, "we're out of the Phat Pig and Al Pastor" with no apologies and just resumed to watching us as we groan and turn back to the board. How is a restaurant at 1pm on a Saturday afternoon all out of pork??? We resorted to ordering Takorea and el classico with a side of Mexican corn. While waiting, I came back to the counter to get a drink and stood there for about a minute, no one could be seen or found at the counter until two minutes later.

The Mexican corn was a 3/10 from what I'm used to having. The seasoning was skimp, most parts of my corn didn't even have seasoning.

Takorea- kimchi made the tortilla super soggy. I didn't think this taco was good at all, the meat was too chewy and none of the flavors mixed well. 

El Classico- think Taco Bell. There is nothing I hate more in a taco than grounded beef. On the blackboard menu, it just said "Kobe beef," I was even more annoyed cause it was in a hard shell with sour cream. It was literally something off the Taco Bell menu except for triple the price.

All taco orders come in twos for $9-$10. Horrible. My friend said good things about the "phat pig" so I may be back to get that and maybe the updated review won't be as bad.
I spent a few years living in California so I know my standard for tacos/Mexican food is fairly high. That being said, this place wasn't awful but it wasn't great either. 

We arrived around lunchtime and the place was dead. We were the only people sitting inside. However once we ordered, another person came in to place a to go order. It's in a fairly busy area of Philadelphia, so to me that says something that it was so empty

I think it was a bit overpriced for what you actually get it. I ordered the fish tacos and they were *fine*. My friend ordered the beef tacos and he also said they were *fine*. He also lived in California for quite some time so I realize again that we both set the bar kind of high for Mexican food.

I really can't say much about this place. It's very average. There's nothing memorable about the food or the restaurant itself. I feel like maybe this place would be better as a food truck and then once they really gets their recipes down, THAT would be the time to open up an actual brick-and-mortar restaurant. Would I go back? No
i was out n about about an hr ago and happened upon this place totally by accident. i had no idea it even existed. being the taco fanatic i am i had to circle around to see if they were open and they were so i hopped out and ran in. the place is very small .. long and narrow with a wall between the waiting area and the kitchen. i can totally see how this would be super annoying if/when the place gets crowded. 

it was about 230am on a friday morning and there were only two people inside so i was able to order immediately. one thing that kinda irked me was the fact that they have what appears to be a walk up/take out window in the front but they refused to hand me my order thru it. the only reason i asked them to do so was bcuz i parked directly in front of the place in a no parking zone and wanted to watch my car in case the parking authority came by bcuz those jerks patrol downtown all night. i even explained that to them and they said no go. that def cost them a star. 

on to the food. due to my parking situation i only briefly looked over the menu. the first thing that caught my eye was the ta-korea which was thier flank steak taco with korean bbq sauce, kimchi, and a bunch of other crunchy yummy veggies. i kove flank steak so i had to have it. it was pretty damn good. the meat was seared well and medium rare inside as it should be. i must admit tho, i hate corn tortillas. i prefer flour but i dont know if they give u a choice and didnt have time to find out. all in all my experience was good. i will def be going back.
Review of Postmates delivery order.

30 minutes from the time I clicked, "order," an entire rotisserie chicken with all the mexican fixins' arrived at my door step. Pretty sweet. I ordered "The 20 Buck Bird," which, kind of sounds like a bougie KFC value meal. It includes a whole rotisserie chicken, pico, sour cream, elotes, tortillas, and a few sauces for $20. Not a bad deal.

The chicken was for the most part moist and well seasoned, however, there were certainly portions on the drier side. Thankfully - layering the meat on the warm tortillas with cotija cheese, pico, chili sauce, salsa verde and sour cream provided enough moisture to yield a seriously satisfying taco.

Why 3 stars? They forgot the Elotes in the order and parts of the chicken were dry.

In any case, I will definitely order this again!
I saw Dos Tacos on a list of best tacos in the city and since it was near by I decided to give it a try for lunch. 

Let me start off by saying the tacos were great, fresh and cooked to order and it was about $8.00 for, you guessed it, two tacos. However, they are not hold back on the filings and two tacos are good enough to leave me satisfied. 

That being said, maybe it was the day I visited, but during a lunch time rush I expected a quicker turn out. It took me 25 minutes to get two tacos done...because there was one cook, one cashier and another who placed cooked food in the respected bags. I thought this was kind of inefficient given people have a limited lunch time. 

As I said the food was great but I wouldn't go out my way or be willing to wait such a long time for their tacos again.
Man that was delish. Dos Tacos is run by a self-described handsome man Hector, a Bronx native far from the place he grew up. But the Bronx's loss is Philly's gain. They have chicken, beef and deep fried mahi mahi.

I got them all! Thanks Hector!
Well I'm screwed. This place is right around the corner from my work and it's amazing. Finally got to try them out last night and all it took was one bite. I'm hooked. Great menu.. Great service ... Great little place and amazing tacos. You know when they say  " if you could only have one food for the rest of your life what would it be?" Well mine would be tacos and this place would probably be making them for me. The only thing I hate is they are open until 3am. Now I have to go there before and after work. I may have just doubled my gym time... But dos tacos is worth it. You don't like dos tacos??? You don't know tacos!!! See you in a couple hours!!!!
Delicious!! My friend and I were wandering looking for some chow really quick. We walked in and although it's a pretty compact space, it was still very welcoming. There was Spanish music blasting and the cashier greeted us with a big smile. The menu is pretty limited but they have a chefs special (I think changes weekly), but nonetheless quality food. My friend got the shrimp tacos & I got the tofu salad and yuca fries! The tofu salad was really good but kinda plain (I wish I had ordered some of the fries sauce for the salad bc it was that good). It was delicious other than needing dressing & the tofu was cooked perfectly! The yuca fries were AMAZING! They're so hard to find in the first place but to find good yuca fries is even harder! I got a spicy sauce with them which was also delicious. I wish I had got he chips & guac but this was plenty of food as it was! Really friendly staff and quick service! You can walk to city hall and enjoy your food there because the space is limited in the shop!
Got the ta-Korea and was expecting bulgogi inside but instead got really tough steak that hurt my jaw to eat. Couldn't even take a bite out of it without the whole steak coming out. Tacos were also pretty expensive.
Just stop in because I saw there taco Tuesday sign out front.  Had two (dos) tacos which were great.   But on top of that the atmosphere was fun, people behind the counter were inviting, and the price was right. I'll be back
Cousin proposed we check out this place for lunch. The inside is small with only 3 tables. The menu is short and concise but descriptive enough. I tried the Korean steak taco with yucca fries and a root beer. I also ordered the spicy mayo sauce for an extra charge. It was $17 and change. When I picked up the taco a bunch of liquid spilled out. The steak was cooked well but I didn't love the corn taco and flavors were somewhat bland. The mayo dip was good but was only given a small half filled cup for a price of around 55 cents. The yucca fries were good in the dip but slightly undercooked. I wouldn't really recommend this place unless someone wanted a unique taco experience due to its prices and the fact that my experience was average. I recommend the sauces be free or offer more if you have to charge. I recommend give the ability for patrons to order different tacos since they're paying a premium and most likely wouldn't make this place their daily stop since the taco choices are unique.
Pleasant staff and very hospitable. The tacos were simply amazing, great flavor and not an overuse of too many ingredients. All the meats were cooked perfectly and seasoned well. There wasn't a wait when I got there and my food came out fast as well. Have gone there a few times already and will continue to go in the future. They have something good on their hands here. Try the corn as well it's perfect in addition to the churros. Ta-Korean and fat pig are surreal tacos.
The Hook Up is now 13.49 and instead of your choice of sides, you get chips with salsa and a Jarritos soda instead of a choice of anything.  Thank god the tacos haven't changed.
What can I say... When you have a place that serves bacon on a taco I'm in. Got take out for dinner and it was great. Service was friendly and quick. Music was fun. The space is a little cramped in the restaurant but I guess you work with what you got. On to the food:

I got the Phat Pig tacos. They were soft tortillas(homemade and delicious) filled with bacon, crispy pork belly, lettuce, radish, cilantro and poco... When I say filled I mean it. They had to double up on the tortillas to hold everything. It was great... The only gripe I could've had was the pork belly was a little fatty... I mean fatty for pork belly. I got a big chunk in the middle of one of my tacos. I can't complain too much because that is expected with any pork belly dish.

Girlfriend got the Los Clasicos tacos. I just got a bite because she devoured them. Beef was cooked well and very cheesy which is a plus in my book. I enjoyed the crispy shells as a nice change of pace. It was a little spicy for my girlfriend, but not enough to stop her from eating them.

All in all very good experience and the food was great. We will definitely be ordering again.
Did not order food, I walked in and asked how much the taco was, I had a Rolex Daytona watch on and the guy behind the desk looked over and said "why are you worried about price with that watch", in a disgraceful tone. Two of my friends did order food and said it was not good quality.
DELICIOUS.  I can't get enough of this new spot.  Very excited that it's opened so close to center city and the product is as good as can get. Price point is very fair for 2 (DOS TACOS) and I can't wait to try all the other items on the menu.
Definitely a bad experience.  Been here several times before and kind of under impressed previously but decided to come in today. Ordered and paid online thinking that would streamline things since I had an afternoon meeting. When I arrived to pick up my order, they said they didn't have a record of the order; but stated they can prepare it for me while I wait. While waiting for my order, I stepped aside and stood by the plexi-glass window that looked thru into the kitchen. Two cooks were preparing food, and while assembling a taco order, one of the cooks was wearing a glove on the right hand but no glove on his left hand. He then proceeded to eat some of the fillings as he was preparing the food.  YIKES!!! Yes, right into his mouth and then continue preparing the order and another taste of the filling.  I do realize that gloves don't always guarantee hygiene; but my gosh man, do that Sh#t on your own time in your own kitchen!! So the way I look at it,  if you're doing that nasty Sh#t where I can see you, what are you doing when I can't see. 

Other than the cash register attendant, the other employees seem unprofessional and dirty. The kitchen was dirty and looked like it needed a good dose of bleach and sandblasting.

At check out, the cash register attendant was nice and he did give me a complementary order of chips and salsa for my inconvenience. I ordered an Old School Pastor (2 tacos); which not only were the meat portions in each taco microscopic, the pork that was in there was mostly fat and gristle.  I was starving so I got one down, but couldn't eat the second one. The chips were burnt and bitter; I think they probably need to monitor and change the oil in their fryer more frequently. The tomato salsa visually looked fresh but had a bitter and rancid taste.

Visions of the one gloved cook tasting food with one of his hands didn't make my experience appetizing. Hey I get it, it's cool.. Michael Jackson wore one glove but at least he wasn't preparing food for people. 
 By the look of the operation, thinking that the kitchen staff doesn't know anything or cares about safe food handling procedures. 

In summary just wasted $10. am hungry and nauseous all at the same time. Pretty obvious the owner of the establishment hasn't set up any standards for his business, it's clear he just wants to bring in money. So that's it for me, I will not be going g back again; way too many other options out here.
I really wanted to like this place because the menu looked so good, but I was disappointed.  I ordered through Grubb Hub though, so i am going to blame the cold and dry food on long delivery time.  i will go back and try it in person.
When I moved here from California, I quickly found Washington Avenue had the spots for my taco fix, but seldom made it out there due to laziness. For the folks looking for something comparable to that standard, Dos Tacos will make you happy. They have, in my opinion, a perfect blend of authentic street taco sensibilities with the necessary Rittenhouse spin. They were decently priced, certainly cheaper than what I've experienced from the food truck scene, but the portions are filling. 

I personally tried their Phat Pig, Ta-Korea, Yucca Fries, and an Elote. They were all fantastic. The slice of bacon on the Phat Pig was unexpected in a great way and the Elote was nostalgic. I didn't catch the guy's name behind the counter, he seemed like the owner, but he made me feel excited about being in the restaurant and was proud of what they served. I highly recommend this place.
Ordered take out for dinner. Tried the frenchman (chicken) tacos, the tofu salad, and the yuca fries. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and delicious. Can't wait to work my way through the menu.
I was so excited when I saw that a taco place opened near my office, even though I loved the thai place that was here before. That being said, I was so disappointed by this place. 

I ordered two of the "El Pastor" tacos. Al Pastor is like my favorite kind of taco EVER and aren't that common in the mexican places in Philly. Unfortunately, they were not very good at all.

There was a lot of meat, which is great, but it was really really dry. Like, kind of jerky-ish. And also had no flavor whatsoever.  Aside from the meat, my favorite part of al pastor tacos is the pineapple that comes on top, which wasn't as abundant as I would've hoped. Overall, the tacos kind of didn't taste like anything at all. 

Even though the tacos were disappointing, I got yucca fries on the side, which were pretty good. They were crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside.

All in all, I don't think I'd go back to this place, especially for the price.
As an actual Mexican/American growing up in TX and visiting family in Mexico my entire youth it bugs me to see chefs in Philly that acquire fame (Heffe in fishtown too) in previous ventures outside of Mexican cuisine then have the idea of making easy cash jumping on the taco train. Let's face it, the taco business, if executed properly can be lucrative, but let's not kid ourselves, real Mexican culture shows through when done right. 

I've actually been here twice, each time bought the Korea and the Pastor thinking it may actually be good. The proteins weren't terrible. I came back the second time because I really wanted this place to work out for me since I work so close... But this second time really took a turn for the worse. 

My issues:

1) Tostones - I mean come on! This is not only NOT Mexican but you're selling something that is resident to the Afro-boriqua culture here in this Mexican environment

2) Extra Loud Music - Salsa music so loud I actually thought about leaving before I ordered. I don't understand how the employees still have their hearing after a day of this. Again, Salsa is NOT Mexican. They only welcomed it when Celia Cruz toured Mexico with La Sonora Matancera in the 60's 70's but again, not MX.

3) The staff - This is going to sound racist but you clearly have non-Mexican Latinos running the place, Salsa music is blaring and you are selling Tostones on the menu as your "special". The staff was actually sweet and I had no issue with them on an attitudinal level but it seems as if other cultures are eroding what started off as a Mexican-inspired direction.

4) The tortillas - this is a major miss. Not only were they doubled up, but they weren't event grilled. I get it, Chipotle and Qdoba customers don't understand why it's important how to heat a tortilla so why should dos tacos? No self-respecting Mexican needs two tortillas to hold his taco filling. But then you don't even heat it? Just remove the kitschy dia de Los Muertos candy skulls off your brand identity, call it Dos Tortillas, add red beans and rice to the menu and call it Caribbean food.
Tried Dos Tacos for dinner tonight with the wife.  We went there hungry and ordered a large number of things to sample.  All-in-all, it was good.  Good food, good service, good price...but just good.

Chica Flaca Salad:  Good.  A good combination of flavors and nice texture.  The tofu was extremely salty though.

Ta-Korea Taco:  Again, it was good.  The steak didn't have the best texture to it as it was a little grainy, but it had a good overall flavor.

Kamikaze Taco:  This was probably the weakest of what we ordered, which was disappointing since it was what I was most looking forward to.  I found the fish to lack much flavor and taste.  Just not much taste to it.

Little Vegetables Taco: I thought it was good for a vegetarian entree, my wife thought "it was fine."

Yucca Fries:  Seriously...these are out of this world. Incredible!  A must have!

Guacamole:  My wife described this best...."it was ok."  The taste matched the color, as it was a little off and had a brownish appearance to it. Just didn't appear real fresh.

So, as I said before, it was good.  I'd certainly go back and grab a quick bite on the way home from work but not really worth going out of my way for.  The portions were decent and appropriate for the price.  While it didn't exceed any of my expectations, its a decent option for the area.
Seriously some of the best fish tacos I've had. The blue corn coating was delicious, and the pickled cabbage was fresh and crunchy. I ordered through MealPal, so my tacos were very reasonably priced. Can't wait to go back!
If you're not looking carefully, you might just miss this little piece of Mexican heaven. It's not a great place for a big group, but a definite go to for those days when you crave something completely satisfying! 
We had the Kamikaze taco, phat-pig, and the Mr. Fun-gi.
The Kamikaze had fresh fresh ahi tuna, and the Phat pig had crispy melt-in-your-mouth pork belly.
A friend that came along is a picky vegetarian, and they were really accommodating, modifying the mr. Fun-gi to include veggies that she'd actually like. It was a five star experience around the table.
This is going on my list of quick lunch pick-me-ups!!
Ever since I moved here from New York, I have been dying to find good tacos. I have tried a bunch of places and have been more or less disappointed each time. This time, however, I found the answer to my quest for tacos. It has a very New York feel kind of a hole in the wall, and for that I love it. The service is great and the tacos are obviously amazing. The pork is perfectly seasoned and has a great texture. You can tell that this is a real authentic taco place in every sense of the word. Everyone is always talking about cheesesteaks in Philly, however I feel like they will be talking about Dos tacos soon.
Overpriced and not good at all. Was disappointed in both the Phat Pig and the Ta-Korea. Maybe they taste better when drunk?
This was my first time and it was delicious!!! I had the loco polo tacos and they were flavorful and they had the just right amount of spice!!!!
I'm so sad I had such a bad experience tonight. I want to love this place. But basically spend $20 on two lettuce tacos. Here's how it went down.
I ordered the El Jefe w a side of guac and a Mexican Coke from Grubhub. Maybe that was my first mistake? Do restaurants treat GH orders like second class?
My el jefe was not the fresh savory dish I was expecting. It was 2 cooked to death shrimp on cold raw tortillas with tons of lettuce and a tiny sprinkle of cheese. The tortillas were so cold and raw I trashed them and heated up some I had around the house. Yuck. The shrimp I could hardly chew. Where were the flavor and sauce?!
Final kicker, they didn't even give me my Mexican Coke!! I didn't realize until after the driver left. Total bummer. I don't write many Yelp reviews but tonight was by far the WORST taco experience I've had in 8 years of living in Philadelphia. That's a hard thing to stomach. 
The only edible thing was the guac. Maybe I had an off night or they just screwed up my order, but it takes A LOT to get me to write a bad Yelp review. So sad.
I went here for lunch and was not impressed.  I tried the Ta-Korea taco and the Le Frenchman taco. The first problem is these taco names. By the name of the taco you have no idea what I ordered. Le Frenchman is a chicken taco and Ta-Korea is a steak taco. The chicken taco was bland. The steak taco was good, with nice thin slices of steak, but not memorable. The place is very small. The few tables are only tables for 2 people, so you can't go there assuming you will get a seat.  There are better taco places in the area, so this one is definitely a one and done.
First off, I was born and raised in southern CA. So, take with that what you will. 

Two years on the east coast and I have not had any Mexican food...on purpose, but a coworker and I were walking by this place during lunch the other day. Being tired of the usual spots around work, I decided to give it a try. Walking in, I noticed that the spot was really small but the interior decoration was cute. Their menu is basically chalkboard-ed on the walls. Again, it was cute and fun but as a first-timer, it was a little overwhelming to read. I was confused as to what I was looking at and what my options were. The girl sitting behind the register was pretty useless and unfriendly also. 

I ordered two classic tacos and she asked me if I wanted two orders or two tacos. Again, since there were no descriptions of anything other than ingredients on their menu walls, I didn't understand what she was really asking...well, how many tacos come in one order? two? three? am i ordering a la carte? does an order come with anything extra? ANYWAYS...so I just reiterated that I would like two tacos. I attempted to make some fun, light talk but she wasn't very receptive. The guy standing next to her was much more pleasant...I wish he would've helped me instead. When I picked up my order and said thank you, she literally looked at me and said nothing. lol ugh!

The tacos came out quickly. By the time I got back to work, they were a little cold. Blegh. Accepting the fact that nothing on the east coast is going to be the same as the spots back home, I was ready to be realistic in my expectations. The tacos were ok. Nothing to be wowed about but also not terrible. I think this is a case where if the service was better, I would consider giving them a second shot. Being that that was not the case, I will most likely not go back to this place. Moving on...
Nice to see a taco joint spring up in what seems like a revolving door location on 15th Street. Hopefully it stays put for a while. The tacos here are a bit more upscale than what you'd find at other places; more Jose Pistola than Italian Market. Call me a gringo but I still love hard shell tacos, so I was happy to see the Los Classicos on the menu. Although I thought the ground kobe was a tad dry, the layer of Mexican crema and queso kept it nice and velvety. The real winner was the soft shell crab tacos. I wish there was a way these buggers can be offered year round but that's nature. These tacos will knock your socks off. You should drop what you're doing and get them. Now. Twelve bucks for two.
My friend and I shared the Kamikaze taco and chips and guacamole. 
I would say they both tasted pretty good but it is a bit on the pricier side for what you get
Just a little place, with some seating, but I hoped for more from the food. It was more expensive that I would have expected. The only real bad dish was the salad -- that was not even eaten. The tortillas fell apart when we picked them up -- have never come across that before. The best tacos were probably The Phat Pig.
I had to go the pork carnitas. Good flavor but it's greasy. The grease leaked out from the container.

I was the only customer but after placing my order, it's not passed on to the chef until he realized that there's an order waiting. He's not far from the order counter.
I was recommended to come here to eat and I was not disappointed. The menu had something for everybody. Everything comes with two tacos. The chips and the guacamole were good and vey fresh. I got the " Los Clasicos " tacos which was good , my cousin who invited me, tried the "Le Frenchman" which according to the cashier is one of their most popular order. Overall a good place if you're trying to order something quick.
I wanted to like these tacos, but I just couldn't. My bf and I went over to try the kamikaze tacos and the Frenchman tacos. Also a side of yucca fries, which was the best part of the meal, needs to arrive with a better portioned sauce but had a nice crispness to them, fluffy inside. 
As I ate the kamikaze (which is an ahi tuna taco), I was disappointed, I could have sworn it had no tuna! I gave some to my bf and he dumbfounded, then pointed out that t the tiny red cubes in it was the tuna. It was bland, the lime on the side helped a bit. The French man was okay, the chicken was a little on the dry side, again the lime helps! 
I might try it again and try the pork belly taco and the grilled corn side. Otherwise I'm back to chipotle as a quick Mexican lunch.
My favorite taco spot great food  quick in & out service conveniently located in the heart of center city . Be sure to try "The Phat Pig " my favorite
I really wanted to like this place because it's super convenient to my office for lunch and has all of the elements of a place I'd love. Sadly, I was really disappointed with the quality of the tacos and the experience in general. I tried the New Yorker tacos with pastrami, which may have been my first mistake. So dry and tasted almost like jerky. Portion size was fine but I barely wanted to eat it. The tortillas were also stale and dry. 

I got chips and guac and was shocked at the price for the amount. The chips were over-fried and greasy. Guac looked old. The woman working the counter had food delivered from another establishment while I was there (not at all a good sign). I won't be back.
Tried Dos Tacos for the first time today. Staff was extremely nice and helped make recommendations. Tried the Phat Pig(I think that's what it's called) which had bacon and pork belly. It was delicious and big enough to fill me up for lunch. Will definitely go back.
Love this tiny taco place! Their Yuka fries are a must! Personally, two tacos was filling enough but if you're still hungry the Yuka fries will for sure help with that because they are so dense and filling. I had the Mr. Fun-Gi tacos which were delicious (for mushroom and guacamole lovers). I caught a glimpse of The Phat Pig tacos on my way out and can't wait to come back and try them! It's just the perfect "hole in the wall" type of place I have been looking for. Just don't expect to be able to get a seat during peak lunch time hours however, they will package your tacos and Yuka fries to go very neatly and securely.
"You only get two?!" Yes, the place is called dos tacos.

I remember a long line, spending around 17 bucks,  and some decent tacos. It was late, after Good Dog closed, so I couldn't get the full effect. 

3.5
I love tacos. I love them in all shapes and sizes. But these tacos are tacos that this taco lover could never love. 

The Tacos: I had the crispy pig tacos, recommended by the guy behind the cashier. He was adamant that these were the best tacos he's ever had. Unfortunately, it seems that he has lived his life without having a good taco. These tacos were also claimed to be "big" 6-inch tacos. On the contrary, I think 6 inches is the average.
- Pros: The slab of braised pork was decently flavored.
- Cons: There was only one tortilla - the marinade and kimchi sauce had soaked through the single tortilla like pit stains on my white shirts. Considering its location in Philly and its take on tacos, it's still not worth the hefty price ($9 for 2 average-sized tacos). 

The Place: The place is small. I would be okay with that, if they weren't trying to appear like a hole-in-the-wall but selling their tacos at Lolita or El Vez-like prices. That was a paradoxical slap in the shins that I did not care for. 

Dos stars for dos tacos.
This was my first time and I do not plan on going back. The tacos are not that good for the price. I had the crispy pig which was 2 for $10. The meat was not crispy but it was over cooked. Also my tacos were cold. 
I only gave it two stars because the guy at the front seemed really nice.
Very disappointing. We got the al pastor, korean bbq and chicken tacos and the yucca fries. The fries were fairly pleasant, nicely fried and fluffy on the inside. That was the only good. The tacos were all dry, bland and flavorless. We threw out the al pastor tacos which managed to be dry and fatty at the same time. The chicken was dry, bland and weird. The meat on the Korean had no flavor; thank god for the kimchee otherwise it would have ended up in the trash with the al pastor. No salsa was offered to perk up the flavorless tacos. i don't know how in Philadelphia someplace could turn out tacos so lacking. Won;t be back.
I ordered steak tacos from this place ($10 for 2) 
Didn't taste like Mexican tacos. It wasn't terrible, it just wasn't what I was expecting. 
Maybe they have other items on the menu that are good, but I wouldn't want to waste my money to find out.
$10 for two fish tacos. flavors were okay but the fish was over fried and kind of dry and hard to chew. great for post 2am chow but probably not otherwise. open till 3am
Probably the worst tacos and worst guacamole I've ever had. Never again. So many far, far better taco spots nearby.
These were the worst tacos. I swear. But, in the interest of not sounding exclusively like a hater, let me start from the beginning...

I arrived at lunch with a friend. There were 4 tables with two chairs each. There is essentially three feet of walking space in the middle that functions as an aisle. I was promptly handed a menu with about ten or so incredibly overpriced choices. Oh, Yelp. Sweet, open-minded Yelp.  That is when I should have known.

But instead of doing the right thing, the moral thing by throwing that menu unceremoniously to the ground while muttering obscenities, I ordered The Frenchman. This taco had chicken, adobo salsa, and some greens. 

Lets take it bit by bit, so no one gets overwhelmed by the tomfoolery:

Chicken: You know when your diabetic granny stops eating salt, but still wants to cook for you because she loves you? Yes, that is how this chicken tasted. I told my friend that we could have made better at home in the slow cooker -- and I'm not a perfect cook.

Salsa: Clearly, by salsa they meant 2 small cubes of tomato. 

Greens: Shredded Iceberg Lettuce 

The tortilla, though, takes the cake. It was flacid. It tasted like PathMark. No, it tasted like C Town. And if you don't know what C Town tastes like, abandon all hope, because you are simply not ready for the messy waste of 7-20$ that awaits you at Dos Tacos.

Just stay home.
This place has a great atmosphere and reasonably priced. Very inviting and fun staff and overall awesome food!
Ok....I'm torn between giving 4 or 5 stars.

When I say I was pleasantly surprised with how delicious this food was....WOW. Flavor out of this world. I ordered the Clasicos. All orders come with 2 Tacos. And I received hard shell tacos. What makes me so torn, is that it's $8 for 2 tacos. For this to be a Center City food place, I guess that's a fair price. But as a new mom, this didn't satisfy my hunger needs.
I also ordered Pico de Gallo. It was all so delicious.

The store is pretty small, not much seating.

I'll definitely come again, but not sure if it will be regularly. Esp with so many more cost effective food trucks/carts nearby.
Disgusting tacos: the tortilla immediately ripped apart, greasy and watery at the same time, lacking flavor, and overpriced for the quality.
Just kind of meh. I've had food at many Mexican restaurants, and this one was way down on the list for me. For one, my quesadilla was lacking in flavor. It would be foolish of me to expect authentic Mexican flavors, but anything resembling something close in terms of spices is usually OK with me. I can't even really say this place achieved that. 

E for effort, and I did finish the majority of my food, but I probably won't come back here. There's a nice little food truck down around JFK that has  better Mexican.
As a native south Texan I have pretty high standards for tacos and these were abysmal. I ordered the tacos el pastor which were dry and nothing special. My friends did not enjoy their meals either. The food is extremely overpriced and not good at all. To wash down the unappetizing food I wanted a glass of tap water which they "didn't have" and made me buy a ridiculous $3 box of water. Do not go here.
I love the outside of the building, it looks really pretty and has a pretty aesthetic which draws you in. As one of my friends said, "Just because it's beautiful on the outside, doesn't mean it's pretty on the inside". Keep that in mind with this review..... Physically, the inside of the building is VERY tiny. There are about four tables that only fit sets of two on the right side of the food joint, and on the left, there's windows where you can look in at the cook. There was only one cook at the stove. My friends and I ordered our food, they got tacos, I got a quesadilla. We were waiting for about 20/25 minutes before we finally received our food. We originally asked for the food for "here", and then realized since there were three of us, it would be hard to sit there, and asked the cashier if we could make our meals to go. She asked for our order numbers, and luckily we were able to have it packaged to go (which it was, 10 minutes later). It comes in a cute brown bag with a stamped skull and says "Dos Tacos". Again, very cute. We walked to Liberty Place to sit down and eat. Boy, were we disappointed..... My quesadilla came in a good portion (about 4 cut pieces). I know the location is called "Dos Tacos" so you only get two tacos, but that really isn't enough for a meal. More so a snack or light Dinner until you need to eat something else. My one friend's container slightly leaked out of the container and onto the bag. Physically, the outside of the tacos looked pretty. But that's the extent of it. My other friend is from Texas and frequents Mexico multiple times a year (even has a house in Mexico). She was VERY disappointed in these tacos, to the point that she took two bites and then had to throw it out. We decided to go upstairs and get some food from Chick Fil A instead. I didn't think my quesadilla was that bad, I took it home. My stomach was bothering me INSTANTLY after eating the quesadilla..... Go to this place if you aren't on a time crunch, if you don't want a lot to eat, and want a place to post on your Instagram to get "that look". For genuine, delicious food, don't go here.
Stopped by here post-bar hopping on Saturday night so plus is that they're open late night! Two mushroom tacos will run you appx $8. The wait is also really long -- after ordering we waited an additional 10-15 mins for our tacos -- in total we probably spent 20-25 minutes for these 2 tacos.

Overall the taste was pretty good, they load it up with mushrooms, nice flavor but I don't think any flavor in tacos could justify a 20 minute wait.
After living near this place for 4 years I finally decided to stop by and grab some food. I got the refried bean, soda, tortilla chips, and chicken quesadilla. 

The refried beans were so incredibly nasty. I don't know what type of seasoning was used but it's a hard pass for me. I too a few bites and refused to eat the rest. 

Tortilla chips were amazing! They were freshly made and the salsa that comes with it is very good too. 

The chicken quesadilla edible. Very soggy but it was fine. I ate the whole thing. The chicken was nicely season. 

My boyfriend had the el pastor. Again... edible but that's about it. It was fine. Not worth the price for just two tacos that taste fine. 

Overall I don't think this place is worth going to. The food isn't great here and trust me there are loads of other Mexican places with better food out there. Skip this one unless you want to just grab tortilla chips.
I found this location a few blocks from my hotel on my last stop in Philadelphia. Located just mins from City Hall, Dos Tacos means just that, two tacos. The menu is simple and written on the wall in chalk. Doesn't take much to create a great tasting taco as long as you have fresh ingredients.

I had two tacos al pastor. Pineapple, raw onion, cilantro, and well seasoned pork. Very delicious and packed with flavor. I had an order of chips and guacamole. Chopped red onion throughout, with fresh avocado with vibrate green color.  The chips, normally made from Mexican corn tortillas, were a bit over fried for my taste. But, they give you plenty of chips and plenty of guacamole with every order. 

This little hole in the wall will most definitely satisfy your taco needs. I'm most definitely lucky my company puts me blocks away from this location. I will be stopping in again to try something new. 

"My review is strictly my opinion based on my experience and interaction with the business and/or persons while they provided me a service, food, or merchandise. This review is not to be translated as fact. My review is truthful to the best of my ability and is not intended to present harm to the business but to encourage them to perform better. I have not received any monetary gain for writing this review" - Bruno F
Went here for lunch and found this place to be extremely small. The dining area had 3 or 4 small tables. Staff was friendly and service was quick. 

The tacos were good, but nothing to write home about. The flavors were combined well, but there was nothing that stood out on my palate. I tried a pulled chicken taco and a taco with pork in it. The chicken taco was kinda bland. 

Because of the size of the dining area people were literally standing over you waiting to get their food. I found that to be quite annoying, as I don't want anyone having the ability to breath over my neck while I am eating. This place will definitely go on my one and done list.....
Dos Tacos looks like the corner taco shop of your foodie dreams. The tacos use interesting combinations of quality ingredients, but the amount of food you get (2 tacos, the name doesn't lie) for what you pay is not enough.
This place is simple - ~$8 for two tacos of your choice. I opted for the mahi mahi and the carnitas. My brother has tried everything on this menu and claims that the carnitas are indeed the best tasting. He did not steer me wrong - I could've eaten 5! 

Their chips and guac are also on point, although I'd prefer the chips to be a taaad less salty. 

1000% recommend.
