I'd be hearing about Dottie's in the neighborhood for quite some time and because its BEHIND Baltimore avenue, every time I would think about trying them, I would get distracted by all the cool b-more ave randomness like yoga, cardboard sword battles, balancing rope groups, stir-fried ice cream and free books... you know...normal stuff. 
I weathered the random storm and finally made it in.

Soon as you walk in the door there is a glass case of assorted pastries directly in front of you. Well played. I'm not sure if they rotate flavors, but i got a few of the ones available which were raspberry vanilla,  lemon poppy seed, and an apple fritter. 

My favorite part of these donuts are the icing! MY goodness there's such a light airy taste, especially the lemon poppy seed which was my overall favorite, The donuts were more like cake which I don't mind at all, but there was a slight rubbery texture which is easy to deal with.
Because I'm a gourmet donuts newb, the 2.25 and up price point was a little high for me, but well worth it.
Vegan schmegan- I don't care what you call them, these are the best donuts Ive ever had. First tried these when they were sold at Breezy's Cafe (boy do I miss that place) but recently had them again. 

I paid a fortune to have a dozen delivered (ok maybe twice but whose counting?!) and I'm not even sorry. 

FREAKING DELICIOUS 

Whatever they do to make them vegan makes them better and lighter than your regular donut. Creative flavors and very fresh taste. 

Dottie's if you can read this, I beg you, please open a second shop near Point Breeze. You can take the space formerly Kermits on Washington Ave (their cakes were terrible anyway). We need you. Please.
3.5 Stars. I finally made the schlep out to Dottie's! I was so thrilled! Vegan junk food! Heck yeah! 

The entire ride over I was envisioning what I was about to sink my teeth into when I finally arrived! Unfortunately, I was a little disappointed....
I arrived later in the day and I'm wondering if that was the issue I had here. I wasn't completely overjoyed with the flavors they were offering and they most certainly weren't fresh out of the oven. I had a hard time choosing which ones I wanted and that wasn't because they all sounded and looked so good, it was because I wasn't that impressed with my choices. Nevertheless, I chose 1/2 dozen which was served in a to-go pizza box because 
1. I was sharing with the fam
2. I made the journey out here, may as well. 
3. you get 8% off when you buy 6. 

Apple Fritter, Cinnamon Bun, Chocolate Crumble, Almond Joy, Boston Cream and good ol' fashion Cinnamon Sugar. 

The good news is-
-Hubs who is not vegan couldn't tell the difference of his Boston Cream and to this moment, I still don't think he knows they were vegan. He said it was just ok regardless. 

-The Fritter was incredible! We warmed it for 30 seconds and wowza! It was definitely my favorite of the 6 with the cinnamon bun coming in second which is very strange because I'm soooooo a chocolate gal! The amount of cinnamon was perfect and the sticky frosted exterior with the soft interior was awesome and balanced.  So good! So, so good!

-My little one gobbled the cinnamon sugar in few bites! Loved it! 

Not so good-
-All of the other flavors were less than memorable. The Almond Joy which I thought would be my fav, the toppings and dried glaze just flaked off. The same with the chocolate crumble. Ugh. I soooo wanted a nice bite of chocolate! 

-The dough the actual donuts were made of were all a little too "doughy" and chewy for me. I like a lighter, more melty bite. 

All and all, I'm not rushing back but will return early in the morning next time in hopes that they will be fresher. Perhaps that chocolate pretzel or maple bacon which I really wanted to try will be available then as well. 

Big props to an all vegan donut joint! Way to dominate this niche, but I'm not sold. Well, not yet at least. Here's to hoping better for next time...

**Ugh I hate leaving a less than stellar review for my "people" aka fellow vegan weirdos.

5 star for fritter. 
5 for customer service. 
3 for everything else.
Whomp, whomp :(
Awesome donuts for being vegan. How the heck do you get the donuts to be that texture without eggs and without being super chewy? I didn't go to the storefront, but tried my first Dottie's donut from Greenline cafe. I'd never heard of them before today. I had some kind of almond donut with a sweet glaze. I forget the actual flavor. Finished it in about 45 seconds with my cappuccino.
Dottie's has some of the best vegan doughnuts around. I am in no way or shape a vegan, but the flavor and texture of these doughnuts are a force to be reckoned with. 

Dottie's distributes to many of the local cafes so you can get some really good doughnuts there. Each flavor is very unique and the taste is always good. I sometimes feel healthier eating some of these doughnuts. 

Overall, I highly recommend getting some of these doughnuts. The flavors are unique and they taste really good. Definitely a philly staple.
This is one of two Dottie's locations in Philadelphia and it's fabulous. This small donut shop offers a wide variety of all-vegan donuts that will knock your socks off. I brought a dozen to my non-vegan quasi-in-laws and all of them loved the donuts, including the picky children.

In particular, the chocolate pistachio ($3), the Boston Creme ($3) and the coffee cake (which is one of the few non-donut offerings they have) were wonderful.

These donuts also hold up well. They still tasted good even 48 hours later, whereas I've found most other donuts are stale within a few hours.

If you've had the vegan donuts at places like Donut Friend or Donatsu in LA, or Glam Doll in Minneapolis, expect similar quality at Dottie's. 

Also, Dottie's is way better than famous (but mediocre) places like Voodoo Donuts, Mighty-O and Dun-well in Portland, Seattle and NYC, respectively.
I think even a carnivore could appreciate Dottie's! Small little business with minimal room but maximum donuts. I had a chocolate frosted and the Almond Joy; that Almond Joy was fantastic. The donuts themselves have a different consistency, a bit more chewy but still good; the icing on top was all that I could ask for and more, chocolate, nuts and coconut! It's a winner. 

Dottie's was a bit noisy and bustling, which is cool but don't expect this to be a coffee shop you can get work done in.  I will definitely recommend if in the area and you want a little treat!
Today was the long-awaited grand opening of the brick and mortar version of Dottie's Doughnuts.  These vegan treats using coconut milk and cashew butter have long been sold in a few select cafe's around town but now they have their own shop.  There's no sign outside yet but use your nose and you'll find this place. I have previously proclaimed Beiler's in the Reading Terminal as the best doughnuts on our spinning planet.  I stand by that.  But I do now also proclaim - Dottie's Doughnuts as the best vegan doughnuts on Planet Earth!
I was a little disappointed, but it's only one opinion amongst many so please don't let my opinion stop you from trying an wonderful independent business!!

I tried the pistachio rosewater today, which really had great flavor for the icing. I really liked the nice aroma and touch of rose water, I found it really unique and worked really well for the icing. But the dough itself, or the donut I wasn't a huge fan of. I know it's vegan, but I guess the texture just isn't my cup of tea. It was really bready, though but I suppose I enjoy cake like textured donuts more. One donut will run you $2.70

I'll probably come back to try a filled one or something different for one more shot, but it might just not be my thing. Will update!
This is a vegan donut place but first and foremost this is a donut place! The donuts here are delicious! My 15-year-old that complains about the taste of anything-vegan (I mean she's fifteen, complaining is her love language) chooses these donuts over any others. The flavors are unique, the inside is moist and delicious and they are vegan! Try them! Vegan or not!
Super cute concept to have a shop that specializes in vegan donuts. I definitely recommend this place for  vegans or anyone who would want to satisfy their sweet tooth.

I came to Dottie's a very small dainty shop and I ordered a Boston crème and a matcha green tea donut. They had other varieties too such as strawberry buttercream, chocolate hazelnut and blueberry vanilla.  Service was efficient and the lady at the register was very friendly, friendly enough for me to tell this short story, you want to hear it, here it goes.......so I got to my car and noticed I had an extra donut instead of the two I ordered, so I was thinking that she messed my order up and overcharged me, so me being a petty Betty, I went back to the shop to clear everything up and get my change back yup lol. The lady was super nice that she smiled and said she did that on purpose and it was an extra for my baby nephew awwe (heart emoji) and after reviewing my receipt she was right, she's the sweetest!

So end of story Dottie's donuts are delicious, very light and fluffy, prices are reasonable and you get service with a smile.
What a complete Joy to find this coffee/pasterie shop serving local roasted coffee and ALL vegan pastries..!  Was referred to Dottie's by another coffee shop and couldn't be happier. The first Boston cream donut I've been able to have in the last ten to fifteen years. Absolute fabtastic! My wife says it's the best Boston cream donut she's ever had!

We also got the apple fritter, which was equally as good. They put large chunks of Apple in the fritter that somehow enhances the flavor in magical ways...

Definitely worth a visit...
I just took two bites and I'm sold. I almost missed the place. The lady at the register stated the sign fell down... Lol. For some reason that made me like this store enough more.
Glad we tried Dottie's, but overall like others have said the donuts themselves are just OK in terms of the texture (very chewy) and flavor (pretty bland); however, the glazes were very good especially one that was mango flavored. Very tasty.

Service was classic hipster. Too cool to really acknowledge you and when I said I was a newbie and asked for recommendations I received a polite, but barely audible reply. Also, they put the 6 donuts in the pizza box (fun) but after I paid said nothing and didn't close the box. No thanks, no wrapping things up, etc. Small thing, but a turnoff.

Wish them the best though and hope their vegan following keeps them going strong.
10/10 will always recommend. Their donut dough is nice and fluffy but also chewy and they have great flavors both classic and funky. 

Served with elixir coffee this makes eating a donut a religious experience. Follow them on social media to learn about the special donut of the day. 

And if you want to follow my donut adventures check #donutdebutante on Instagram
Best donuts in Philly. I love that they rotate the flavors and they are always consistent. I'm partial to a yeast donut and these are soft and delicious. As I said, best donuts in Philly. The end.
Love!! How I was able to find a vegan donut place while I was visiting in Philadelphia! The donuts here are absolutely beautiful and you can tell they're made with a beautiful vision! 

I REALLLYYY wanted to like these but I must say they weren't very good :( I'm very spoiled in California with many vegan donuts shops so maybe that's why I didn't enjoy these very much. Basically, all the donuts were very plain and the one I was most excited for, the Boston creme, was very bland and not sweet at all. The creme inside was so flavorless :( I was eating it in the car on the way to my next destination very sad. The texture of all the donuts was like stale bread very disappointing.
My husband & I are VERY newly vegan, so we've been having fun going on quests for fun vegan food on the weekends. We were both pumped to check out Dottie's. 
This location, the original, is a little off the beaten path a short walk from Clark Park. The shop itself is cute and I like that they offer you a discount if you get your coffee to stay (coffee is good BTW). 
I tried the Thai tea, which while was tasty was really lacking any strong flavor. Mostly tasted like a regular frosted donut with some cinnamon/vanilla-ish taste.
My husband had the boston creme. He had some serious issues with the filling (which others seem to like) and having tried a bite myself I would agree there is some sort of salty aftertaste. 
Overall, I think we will have to give it a second go or sample some other vegan donuts before we upgrade this review. 

Also, we did stop in the early afternoon and the shop was already out of several flavors.
Go nuts for donuts!! Yes! My prayers for vegan sweets have been answered! Philly's 1st vegan donut shop is here! Dotties donuts is a donut wholesale business. They have been selling their speciality vegan donuts in local cafe in Philly for a while, now they finally have their own store! 

Definitly came early! I was there around 11am on a Sat, and they were out of filled donuts because they ran out of filling :( But its okay, because I ended up getting the last almond joy :) Also, they package donuts in pizza boxes when you buy 1/2 dozen or more. Super deceiving haha because my friend thought it was really pizza then realized that donuts are better lol

They have different flavors based on day/week, so be sure their check out their instagram @dottiedonuts. Honestly, i recommdend all the flavors haha they are soo good! You can't even tell its vegan! The dough is so fluffy, airy and chew. Perfection. Really love the matcha cocao flavor, it was still warm when I bite into it. 

The price comparable to Federal donuts, but I actually like dotties better because donuts size is bigger and flavors are more prominent. 

Will definitly come back to try the filled donuts!
Philly is home to so many amazing doughnuts, but Dottie's is home to the best. In my experience, not a single one of my friends or family members has been able to tell that these doughnuts are vegan. 

I have yet to find a flavor I don't like, but I think my favorite of all time has to be the Brown Sugar-Butter-Rosemary. It's the perfect combination of sweet, creamy, and spiced. Other favorites include the filled Chocolate-Pretzel Caramel Buttercream, Chocolate Pistachio, and Blueberry Vanilla.

Stop by Dottie's to try some delicious doughnuts, or look for them in your neighborhood coffee shop (Green Line, Joe, etc.) You won't regret it!
Never had a bad experience visiting Dottie. The  donuts are always fresh and moist.  I live in north NJ and whenever I'm in the area I have to stop by and get a dozen.
Stopped by Dottie's on National Donut Day to try out some of the cool flavors, since my cousin was extremely excited for vegan donuts. The space was super cute and the lady behind the counter was very helpful. She informed us that she had limited flavors available at the moment, but if we didn't mind waiting 10 minutes or so, she'd have 4 new ones. We grabbed a coffee and what we lovingly dubbed our appetizer donut (boston cream for my cousin and thai tea for me) and waited on the new donuts to come out of the fryer.

Our 2nd round of donuts was rose pistachio for my cousin and blueberry almond for me. 

Our favorites in order:
- Boston Cream Pie - everything you want from a boston cream pie donut
- Blueberry Almond - basically a glazed donut, but topped with blueberry glaze and crushed almonds
- Thai Tea - like thai tea, you had a nice level of spice to the glaze. 
- Rose Pistachio - very floral, almost perfumey. The prettiest to look at, but not the best flavorwise. 

I definitely recommend waiting until they get new donuts out of the fryer so they're nice and warm, because it makes a difference!
I really did not want to sit at home with an entire box of donuts during quarantine. Well I did, but I didn't you know?....Anyway Dottie's made it way too easy for me to order them online and pick them up from their window the next morning. 

I am personally not vegan, but I do try to watch my meat consumption as I hear it could help with energy and acne so truth be told I didn't buy these because they were vegan. I bought them because they looked absolutely delicious and I am team Donut. While they were delicious, not exactly what I was expecting. They were much chewier and dense than I imagined. Don't let their delicate yeast donut appearance fool you. these are not donuts you can just keep popping in your mouth. I was full after a couple bites.

Head's up though, you MUST pre-order these 24 hours ahead of time on their website and you can't pick which flavors they give you. Sort of like an omakase experience here since I guess they don't want to have to put up with picky consumers. Don't be weird. Enjoy the flavors they give you and be thankful that you're fortunate enough to be buying donuts at a time like this.
Let me start this review by being completely honest: I'm a brat. Anything that mildly inconveniences me ruins my day. Now that I've got that over with.... I placed a Postmates order for Dottie's after I've had some coworkers at my vegan job tell me how good they are (coincidentally, my job used to sell Dottie's Cinnamon Buns). I was really craving doughnuts and since Krispy Kreme doesn't deliver or exist in Philly, I hoped that Dottie's would answer my prayers.
Placed an order for three specialty doughnuts and a filled one. Received a call from my delivery driver and this was my fault but he was mumbling and finally asked if I'd prefer a Boston Creme or Apple Fritter. I didn't really know what this question meant so I said the AF.
He arrives and lo and behold, the only thing in my bag is an apple fritter. Huh.
I was saddened because I wanted a doughnut and almost just gave the whole thing away to my boyfriend but he told me to give it a try and honestly... that was the best damn thing I've ever had. I didn't give a f**k about not getting doughnuts (placed an order rather late in the day so I assume they ran out).

That fritter changed my life. I realized that I should stop getting upset when things don't go my way and appreciate what I do get. But also, it was just so good. I'm normally not a fan of apple baked goods but ugh now I wish my driver would have brought me two or seven. 

TLDR: Get the damn apple fritter if there's nothing else left. It is worth it.
Donuts are just ok. The flavor was pretty good but the texture was tough and chewy. Maybe it was because I went there in the afternoon and they weren't that fresh, but in that case, why sell semi-stale donuts? Really wanted to love this spot, maybe I'll try it again sometime but my first visit was definitely a let down.
Who...WHO... is eating this garbage and actually thinks it's delicious?

I'm sorry but I tried these a few times at Mariposa and they are so awful. I don't know if it's because they're vegan, but they just taste like lumps of sawdust and stevia. And they cost a fortune, like, $2-3 per donut.

Hard pass.
Took a trip to see what these donuts are all about. Found on street parking right off Springfield Ave. Walked in to find a simple setup with racks of fresh donuts to the left and a display of today's product on the counter. 
The woman working was pleasant and friendly. She took my order of a dozen donuts right away. $31 bucks total. The mix was apple fritters, Boston cream, cookies and cream, chocolate frosting, sugar, fruit sugar, hazelnut flavored chocolate frosted and regular chocolate frosted. 
Took them back to the office where we dissected these bad boys up. Fresh and slightly chewy, the frostings are very sweet, the Boston cream had a very pastry like bite to it and was heavy, the cream was thick and fresh. I really liked the fruity sugar donut it came off like it was dusted with fruity pebbles. 
Overall the donuts had decent weight to them, were well made, came off cake like and tasted according to their advertised flavor.  The apple fritter was a big hit, cinnamon, frosting, sweet, heavy, thick with fruity flavor and well worth the money. 

For ordering mostly donuts without fillings I'd say they are a tad high price wise. Having said that these are great donuts and  do not give me agita like a dunkin donut would so they get my vote.
Amazing and fresh vegan donuts. If you are anywhere near Dottie's donuts like even 30 miles away you must stop in for a fresh vegan donut, you will not regret it. They offer Lots of different donut flavors. I ordered a dozen and a half and my family and I devoured it.
Dottie's Donuts is right near Clark Park around the corner of 45th Street and Baltimore Avenue. All their items are vegan! Their store is currently open for take-out from 8am-3pm and you order from outside. Their flavors are constantly changing so check their Instagram for their daily offerings. Note that it's currently contactless payment only (so no cash) and they also take Venmo. 

It's around $15 for a half dozen. I tried the Maple Coffee Cake, Matcha Pistachio, Chocolate Oreo, Brown Butter Rosemary, Boston Cream, and the Vanilla Sprinkles. I'm a chocolate fan so my favorites were the Boston Cream and the Chocolate Oreo. Overall, I liked that Dottie's donuts are less sweet and the texture is chewier than your typical donut. It's a bit pricey but granted all their ingredients are vegan. 

TLDR: Delicious vegan donuts with great taste and texture! Check their Instagram for their daily flavor offerings.
FINALLY made my way to Dottie's a few weeks ago, and have already been back. Even though I live around the corner, I never made my way to the store front before.

During my first visit, I went for a classic - Chocolate Glazed. I ate it perched at the window, and when I was finished, had to stop myself from ordering another immediately.

On my second visit, I went with a Cinnamon Sugar, which was also delicious.

The staff is super friendly and welcoming. Happy to chat about donuts, the weather, whatever. 

I'm so happy Dottie's exists.
Guilt-free(ish) vegan donuts?? Heck yes.

Got a lotta mixed messages online as to how to order, but we just rolled up to the store as is and were able to come away with a half-dozen ($14?) yeasty noms. The flavors weren't particularly succinct -- a bit softer on the palate, you could say, but also not as sickeningly sweet as fellow Beiler's. 

Prob won't proactively return unless I'm craving donuts. Guess I'll be back next week then!
I initially was unimpressed with Dottie's after trying their Boston cream. Boston cream is my favorite, go to donut flavor, but at Dottie's there's just something off about the filling. I recently came with some friends, though, and got the coconut cream and it was AMAZING. So coconuty and delicious. I'm glad my friends convinced me to give it another try!
Told my mom I was eating vegan donuts and though her initial reaction was negative, I was gleaming! My friend is trying to be vegan once a week to try new things and get into the mindset more often, and these treats were the perfect way to start the day. We got a sampling of 3 donuts (peanut chew, boston cream in the shape of a heart, cookie crumble) and also the pear muffin! 

As for the donuts, amazing. Donut texture with delicious frosting, especially the cookie one we got. It was covered in cookie dough and oreo crumbles and the chocolate frosting all made me feel like I was eating a high end, creamy, guilt-inducing dessert. The boston cream was the same frosting but with an interesting filling, which was almost exactly like a regular cream filling but slightly thinner. The peanut chew is for the PB lover, drizzled with maple or caramel and a really really sweet overall taste. 

The muffin was dense but so lightly sweet, it complemented the donuts we got perfectly. You could tell it was fresh by the pear legitimately in the muffin, and the crumble top was a perfect crunch at the top of every bite. Plus it was huge! And I topped it off with an almond milk hot coco which kept me warm and happy! 

Will be coming back to try the huge fritters.
I woke up super early with a couple friends and made the 8:30am walk to try Dottie's for the first time! I kept forgetting the donuts are vegan, but they are genuinely a bit lighter than your average donut! I recommend mixing classics with deluxes; I wish we picked a classic glazed. We ended up eating them in Clark Park, and it was a great start to the day! A little breakdown:

lemon poppy: 3/5 pleasant but artificial tasting 
cinnamon sugar: 4/5
cookie butter: 5/5
apple fritter: 3/5 too sweet and too much frosting
Wow. Bite into one of Dottie's donuts and everything else simply fades away.

Dottie's donuts are not overly sweet: they have this enigmatic juxtapose of substance and fluffiness. To start, their dough is not an American or Hawaiian-bread sweetness, instead it has oomph! But, it's not dense. Then the toppings enhance and accentuate flavors: Dottie's has true flavors versus the usual donut that bribes your sweet tastebuds into hormonal releases. This donut will not leave you with a post-donut sugar slump!

The shop has stool seating for 15 or so via 1 larger table and 1 long window counter but it's not a place to linger, the shop is more functional than linger worthy. But what's cool is that from the street, you can watch all the donuts being made!

Also, they're inclusively vegan! And the staff is so nice and conversational! I even asked them for advice where to study and she gave me a full break down of the local shops! 

The one flaw is that I've had an amazing Dottie donut at 6pm and one that maybe is a little dry at 2pm, but maybe it was just the weather? When in doubt, you cannot go wrong with cinnamon sugar and glazed though!! 

Dottie's cinnamon sugar and glazed are now my favorite donuts... dare I say... ever?
I finally made a trip to Dottie's Donuts, but it wasn't as good as I expected after hearing all the hype about this place. I tried a matcha pistachio and a maca chocolate cacao donut, and I was not convinced. I appreciated that I could really taste the flavors from the glaze alone, but the donut dough was lacking compared to other donuts I'd tried. Each donut was also gigantic and expensive. I personally prefer smaller, cheaper, and better tasting donuts than Dottie's. I have considered going back and giving it a second chance, but since the problem is with the dough itself and not the flavors, I have concluded that Dottie's is just not for me.
I honestly am craving these as I type this. Tried these on national doughnut day (not even a doughnut person) and am forever in love. Don't even have to tell people they're vegan. You'd never know.
I must say that Dottie's is a great addition to the area! I never tried vegan donuts and i am thoroughly impressed with these. I am not a fan of donuts but when I have a craving for one, my go-to is Dunkin Donuts, whose donuts are not the tastiest.

They also sale cinnamon buns, tea and coffee; the usual items you expect from a donut spot. However, the place can be easy missed since they do not have any outside signage.
Literally some of the best donuts I've ever had!! You would never know that they are vegan unless someone told you!! I don't go as often as I'd like because I always feel like I spend around $25 for a dozen donuts and a couple apple fritters but its well worth the money.
So I am not vegan, so I can't say if these are good for vegan donuts.  But as a donut, I wasn't that impressed.  I got the apple fritter, which cost $4.  Granted, it was quite large, but it was dry and not that good.  Lots of cinnamon flavor, but it wasn't moist and the icing wasn't enough for me.
Well I'd like to say the donut I had was very soft and a pleasant, sweet taste. I had the cannoli donut which would make you think of a Boston cream but it does still taste similar to the regular cannoli. Nice staff, greeted as I entered and I was waited on as I took a little time to make my decision on what I wanted. They have a good selection of assorted flavours and I think classic flavours start a little cheaper than filled flavours and specialties like the Apple Fritters which I have two.

  If your driving try to slow up if your near cause it's a little easy to miss if you don't pay attention cause it's kind of in the cut. They also serve beverages like I believe coffee to go with your sweet tooth.
I absolutely love Dottie's! Such a quaint little spot in Philly with freshly baked vegan donuts. Customer service is always super friendly too! These are cake donuts; the base has almost a cinnamon/apple spice-ish flavor to me, which I enjoy. They aren't too heavy and Dottie's is always coming up with creative flavors. I love logging onto Instagram in the morning and seeing what they have in store each day. I also appreciate that they post when certain donuts are sold out. 

My favorites are the almond joy, PB cookie and Strawberry Jam. My suggestion would be to add
more stuffed donuts - we love them!
I was hoping to love Dottie's (vegan donuts!) but unfortunately I found their texture wanting, and their flavors average. 

I came to pick up a few donuts at around 4:00pm on a Sunday (they close at 7:00pm), and they had five options to chose from: vanilla, chocolate, and thai tea (all frosted), raspberry sugar, and cinnamon sugar. I wasn't excited about any of the five, but I'd traveled out of the way to make it to Dottie's so I picked three (chocolate, thai tea, and raspberry). 

When trying them later everyone agreed that chocolate was the best, but that the texture was detracting. The raspberry sugar was very similar to the fed donuts raspberry sugar (which I've had in the past and therefore couldn't help but compare it to) which probably made my assessment of it even worse by contrast. 

To be fair to Dottie's it seems like they have much more universally loved donuts in their rotation (which I wish I'd been able to try), however as a donut shop with three hours left in the business day, I would have hoped that they might have had more options, or at least something warm out of the oven.
Honestly some of the best donuts I've ever had!!! We went out of our way to go here and it was so worth it. Staff was super nice and friendly, the interior was killer and the Boston creme was life changing! Stop in, you will not be disappointed!!!
I had only ever eaten Dottie's at Red Line Cafe, so I was very excited to be able to visit their actual location. Seating is scarce, so you're likely to have to get your doughnuts to-go. Had the Homer Simpson and it was AMAZING. Not too sweet and the texture was so spot-on. I also had a cold brew which was delicious as well. Next time I visit, I'm going to have to get a dozen, obviously. The two people who took my order were really friendly and seemed happy to be there!
Greenline cafe sells really good donuts and I decided to track down where they come from which is here! I'm pretty sure they're all vegan, not that I'm vegan but nice if that's your thing. They carry a lot of very interesting flavors like Thai tea, and blueberry lemon, my current go-to is the apple fritter. It may only be seasonal, so get it while you still can. Flavors rotate daily. Also as many people have pointed out the fritter is HUGE actually the size of my face.
These donuts are out of this world!  Any of the specialty / filled donuts are absolutely phenomenal. Definitely recommend this place whether you're vegan or not.
Yes. Just yes. The donuts are light and fluffy and dangerously yummy. They have so many great flavor combinations, I wish I could enjoy them more often. I also live that they sell their baked goodies at other coffee shops in West Philly. Definitely worth a visit!
Kind of hidden behind a tree, so if you don't see it, keep looking! 
All vegan donuts but you'd never know. Super cute wall paintings, and a cute vibe in general. 

Tried a cinnamon sugar donut and a chocolate pistachio donut and shared with my mom (not vegan and she loved them anyway). 

Pleasant staff, reasonable prices considering the donuts are specialty, appeared clean. 

We found street parking without hassle (Tuesday afternoon)
Just bought them this morning and they were amazing! We loved the strawberry lemon, lemon poppy, and mango lemon curd with raspberry powder. They had a perfect consistency and were not too sweet. There were 10 flavors to choose from and I wish I could have tried them all. It is a very welcoming place with friendly staff. Perfect for non-vegans and vegans alike - I would definitely come here again!
What's a good sign of an excellent donut shop?  You can smell the warm donuts and sugar before you walk into the shop. Dottie's has a good variety of flavors. I particularly liked the tri-berry and apple fritter. The donuts were warm and fresh and delicious!
The donuts were pretty good. I ordered via Uber Eats. I bought 6 donuts and received an extra on the house, so thank you Dotties Donuts! I remember coming here in 2018 and the donuts were dry. They definitely changed the recipe since then because the donuts I ate were pretty good. Out of the 7 donuts I received I only ate the cherry and jelly filled. I gave the rest to family members. My only complaint would be to add more jelly. Other than that I think the donuts are tasty, chewy and not too sweet.

Next time I have to try the apple fritter.
Gave it another try and the day I ordered previously was definitely an off day.  First, their flavors are posted on their facebook every day.  Check that before you order.

I ordered when I saw their hot choccy donut pop up.  A true gamechanger- one of the best filled donuts i've ever had.  Also had a chocolate oreo, cherry smore's and the best of the bunch- Cookie Butter!

Their cinnamon bun was great, but their coffee cake sucked.  It was dry and had zero crunch to it.  Definitely avoid that.

Overall, they were really good.  Not Beiler's quality, but close.  Considering they are vegan, these are definitely the best vegan donuts i've had.  Didn't know they could be this good.  Will definitely be ordering again.

I implore you, if you had a bad experience due to having flavors you hated, check their facebook and order again.
My roommate LOVES donuts... no seriously LOVES them. So we're always trying out new places. I suggested we go to Dottie's knowing full well it was vegan, but didn't say anything to my roommate about it. It wasn't until she pointed out that there was no regular milk for the coffee that she even suspected anything.

We got an apple fritter and hibiscus donut to share. I really liked both of then. The hibiscus has a natural tartness to it, which kept the icing from being too sweet. The fritter was good too, but I bet it would be even better warmed up a little bit. The donut and fritter both were a great texture that we both liked a lot. Not cake-y, which I was glad about. The coffee was good (Elixr beans!!!) and there was some seating available so we had our food there before heading out. 

I'd go back again, but would bring the fritter home to warm it up and have with my coffee..
Local vegan donut shop with a nice variety of donuts to choose from. Their donuts are always fresh and have a scrumptious texture to them. Their coffee is great, too. Highly recommended.
Delicious donuts... the apple fritter was amazing!! The chocolate peanut butter asp a crowd fav. Would def stop there again next time I am in town.
Came here a few weeks ago for a donut on a rainy day. The place was small but cozy. They had a nice selection of donuts, bagels, cream cheeses and coffee. I asked the cashier which donuts were nut free as I have a nut allergy and she told me the regular ones, frosted, Boston cream and hibiscus. I ordered the Boston Cream (my favorite). When I got to my car and drove away I took my first bite. It had a Dunkin' Donuts like texture. Light and fluffy. Not at all fresh tasting or rich in flavor. When I got to the center I began to wonder if the cream was nut based. I called up and asked and the person said they forgot about the center and they weren't sure if it was made with nuts or not. She tried to find out for me and looked for the packaging but couldn't find out. I just threw the rest out not willing to risk anything. Overall I'd say not incredibly impressed. Probably won't return
Booyah! A vegan donut shop that bakes old-fashioned style donuts in West Philly? It's true and super yummy! A group of us went here the morning after they opened. It was crazy busy without any issues. We got almost one of each and shared them to try every one. My all time favorite was the cinnamon bun. Bonus points because the staff knows me by name!
Wow! I must admit I'm glad I don't live too close to this place, I'd start eating donuts for lunch. The donuts are delicious and all vegan, so many choices. 

The staff is friendly and made great personal suggestions. It's a cute place with a small seating section. Perfect place to start your Sunday with a coffee, a donut and a good book.

We tried several and the donuts were fluffy and firm with great toppings. The crunchy peanut butter was decadent and flavorful. My favorite was the simple cinnamon. I know I'll be back to try more flavors.
These donuts were AMAZING!!!! Absolutely loved each one we tried. The raspberry lemonade was my favorite. 
Bagel & cream cheese are not recommended, but every type of donut was remarkable. Please give them a shot!
Loved this place!
Cute décor, cute friendly people, delicious donuts and beverages. 
We got Boston creme, elderberry frosted, and maple pecan. Hard to choose a favorite. 
The coffee and Thai iced tea were on point!
Magical. Great music. Real life cartoonishy good donuts. My partner and I come here a lot.

My favorite is Strawberry Rosewater, but I love trying different flavors.
I'm often skeptical of vegan baked goods (many of my own botched baking experiments are to blame) but these donuts are great. They have a great texture and they're the perfect amount of chewy and flaky and warm and sugary. I've never had a bad donut here. I also like to talk to the staff, because they're always pleasant and friendly.
The flavors were unique but I  would choose Beilers over them. Especially since it's over priced we paid 15.00 for a half a dozen. It was a waste of calories. I'm not a vegan so it might be good for vegans.
Get there early, like seriously right when they open. If the apple fritter ain't ready yet, get a couple of whatever else looks good while you wait for 20 minutes for a hot fresh fritter. Seriously, it's that good... I mean they're all delish, especially when they are still hot, but the fritter is the best baked good I've eaten this year(it's fried but still counts as a baked good/pastry) which is saying a lot because I ate my way through Paris France this year and didn't abide by vegan rules... It may even be the best thing I ate this year period. Eat the fritter!
The donuts are amazing. Yes, they're kind of spendy, but they're also bigger than your average donut, especially the filled ones. Their coffee is good - but a few times I've had very watered down iced coffee there, so I tend to stick to hot coffee. On the iced side though, their Thai iced tea is BOMB. I dream about it. 
Their bagels are nothing special but they have vegan cream cheese and they aren't as expensive as I expected so I'm happy. 
All in all, this is our favorite weekend routine!
There are much much much better vegan donuts out there people! Do not stoop down to this madness. I have had two different Dottie's Donuts from green line cafe and they were both horrible. It just tasted like hard sugary bread. Then someone told me to go to their actual store because they are more fresh then. NOPE! Had the boston creme and it was still the same. If you want an actual good donut, go to Govinda's or even sweet freedom bakery right next to Govinda's. HECK I've made better donuts then this. Don't let their "cool hipster" exterior fool you.
So many fun flavors! The donuts are delicious, though do not expect them to be the same as non-vegan donuts. I mean, they are incredibly delicious and fluffly, but they ain't no Kristy Kreme, which I guess they do not have to be, but just know that so you can judge them on their own merit.
These donuts are simply amazing.  My non vegan relatives could not tell that they were eating vegan donuts.  My aunt absolutely loved the Boston cream, and the apple fritter is a slice of heaven.
It's finally opened! So lucky to live around the corner from philly's first vegan donut shop. My favorites are the classic cinnamon bun and plain glazed ring, but they also have some very inventive flavors like a macha-pistachio that was very flavorful. 

In addition to donuts, they also have bagels with vegan spreads (but they make you spread it on yourself and only give you a tiny cup) and full coffee bar (iced coffee is kinda weak).
Meh. Nary a cake donut. How about maybe throw a park bench outside? And I just found out that there is no Dottie. Buzz killed.
It is so great to have this place right up the street from our house (and maybe dangerous...) because this place is great! So happy to see a donut place pop up in West Philly...and hope that it is here to stay.

I like their balance between innovative and classic flavors...and its hard to tell their vegan! 
We tried the lemon, vanilla glazed, and the boston creme. All were delicious and I would highly recommend them. I am looking forward to trying the rest!
thai tea: amazing!!!
the donuts? really nasty. i couldn't even finish it. i got the pink donut and the texture is so bad and the frosting was gross. dunkin donuts is better than this!
These are some of the most legit donuts ever. I had no clue they were vegan until I began writing this review. The texture is soft, chewy, doughy, light and perfect. Complementary to the filling. We had the Boston cream and peanut butter stuffed Donuts. 

First bite -we thought the texture and dough of the doughnut was amazing- but then we had the creamy delectable filling. Oh my damn. I had hearts in my eyes- the sheer perfection of that one bite. 

Til today- thought doughnut plant was legit, Dottie's is  better. 

Til we meet again Dottie, til we meet again.
Was excited to hear they opened just prior to my trip to Philly. Got a mixed 1/2 dozen and they did not disappoint. Boston Cream was my favorite!

Support Vegan Businesses!
their doughuts are decent, not great.  the apple fritter is the best thing they sell. the doughnuts are just too chewy,  almost somewhere between a bagel and a doughnut. the canoli dougnut tasted like it was filled with food processed tofu, gritty,  not sweet or creamy.  

the doughnuts are also extremely expensive. about 3 bucks a piece or more. you get a discount if you buy a dozen but even then it is about 33 bucks for 12 doughnuts. considering i have seen the owners buying ingredients at Aldi, they should not be this expensive. just because something is vegan does not mean it should be grossely overpriced for that reason alone.  

all this being said, it is nice to have a vegan doughnut shop, i jusy think the doughnuts need some texture work and the Aldi ingredients should pull the prices down a bit.
I was a fan of Dottie's Donuts even before they got their own storefront. While the location is a bit out of the way for me, I like having it as an option. The store carries more flavors than they sell wholesale, plus an array of pastries (the apple fritter is out-of-this-world!)

The donuts are, of course, delish and there is a bit of seating if you want to eat-in. They only have soy creamer for coffee, so just be aware, especially if you are the half-n-half lovin' kind. There's no distinct sign outside the place, so just look for people exiting a building carrying pizza boxes and you'll know you're in the right place!
These donuts are AMAZING! We tried the glazed, cookie butter, cinnamon bun and apple fritter. All four were gone quickly and tasted delicious. Just the right amount of sweetness and we were pumped about them being vegan! We'll be back!
Before I start this review I just want the reader to know that this coming from a true donuts lover. I've had a bout a million up to this point of every bake and glaze, and my tastebuds are less than forgiving.

The Dottie's vegan donut is huge and delicious but unfortunately a little too soft for me. I found it difficult to handle and just wasn't blown by the famous vegan donut. That said Dottie's is a great place to hang around if your okay with supplying your own source of WiFi. They have Elixr coffee which has an option of endless refills if you drink in house.
I wanted to like this place. I was super excited to try it. But, I left underwhelmed. Both the pink & chocolate frostings tasted super artificial and overly sweet. A couple of the other donuts were a bit stale. The best one, in my opinion was the strawberry/peppercorn. The cinnamon sugar one wasn't that bad either. The rest of them I could have done without. Maybe I'm just spoiled by Vegan Treats? Who knows. They were also out of water so they gave my husband the dusty, room temperature one off the display. I tried my luck with the Thai tea, but I couldn't finish it. We probably wouldn't go back, which is unfortunate because I love supporting vegan businesses.
Overrated. I feel like somehow the owners made it "trendy" to eat/namedrop Dottie's Donuts, for vegans and non-vegans alike. But that's about it. I'm confused by the appeal of/praise for Dottie's Donuts - especially for non-vegans. Every donut tastes almost exactly the same. 

Dottie's gets an A for effort, though; They try make their donut flavors creative and diverse, and its all a really cool idea. It's just not well-executed. A matcha-iced donut? Sounds awesome, right? Unfortunately, it tastes almost exactly the same as a coconut-iced donut...or a non-iced apple cinnamon donut, etc. etc. It's a bit confusing.

I'm sure its probably more difficult to make the flavors pop since their donuts are 100% vegan. I also feel like I need to qualify that even as a non-vegan, I'm not one of those I-refuse-to-like-this-because-it's-vegan non-vegans. I regularly eat vegan food. I haven't had any other vegan donuts - but I've had some goood vegan baked goods. Nit-picky here, but the icing is always too sweet, and the donuts' dough is very dense. I'm not a fan of that.

I used to get a Dottie's pretty often at the Green Line Cafe across the street from my house whenever I needed a last minute grab-and-go breakfast but I'm sick of being disappointed (lol). 

My neighborhood's many local businesses, backed up by a ton of community support, are some of the things that make my neighborhood such a warm, home-y place - so I do wish this business all the best. Dottie's, I really wanted to like you.
These donuts were amazing!!! So tastie place looks very clean and donuts are made fresh. I lived the glazed and the Thai donuts.
10 out of 5 stars - how do they make these donuts taste so good?!? And first dairy-free latte I've EVER had with art in the foam. You are missing out if you don't come here. Seriously amazing!
Delish! The texture is different than any other donut I tasted and I quite enjoyed that. It was very soft and the flavor I had, with its mix of peanut butter and oreo crumbs, was just perfect. I found these fluffy donuts to be larger than their Federal Donuts counterparts, and that was a definite plus considering they were about $3 a piece.
Dottie's Donuts is a really cute, really pink space near University City. I would definitely say that this donut shop is worth the hype and deserves the numerous accolades they've received. Vegan pastries are no easy feat, especially donuts, and Dottie's seems to have perfected their recipe. Their vegan donuts are comparable to some of the better non-vegan donuts I've tried. I'd definitely follow suit on another reviewers recommendation to get the donuts fresh out of the fryer-it makes a huge difference in the taste and texture of the donut. I decided to be a donut purist at Dottie's and tried the classic vanilla glaze- still warm and perfectly fluffy on the inside and a nice light crisp on the outside. Next time I go, I'm eager to try some of the more adventurous donut flavors and their coffee!
So I'm not vegan but I used to be and I've had some amazing 100% vegan desserts. However this place misses the mark. The donuts have a really weird gummy texture I think if the recipe was tweaked a bit it could make a huge difference. I think if you're vegan and the options are limited and you need a sweet fix then this place can do the job. But if you have a plethora of options and you're not vegan I wouldn't recommend coming here....
Okay so I am very happy to say someone brought Dottie's Donuts to work and I was able to re-try again but with a simpler donut. I had the strawberry glazed.... oh so delicious. I am so obsessed now and it's a problem for my waistline. They always post their flavor of the day on Instagram and their pictures are always drool worthy. Definitely give Dottie's a try
I am not vegan, and did not enjoy these donuts.  The dough was too chewy and tough. I've gotten a donut without filling, and a boston creme. The boston creme was horrendous.  Filling tastes nothing like it should.  I wanted an apple fritter, but at 8 am on a Friday morning they did not have any. However, the staff was completely friendly and kind.
Still shocked that these flavorful donuts are vegan. The lemon poppyseed and coconut were amazing. Wish there were more special flavors served daily.
Amazing ! Doughnuts are my guilty pleasure and Dotties doughnuts are top notch ! I only like glazed doughnuts and theirs are so yummy. I can't believe they're vegan ! The shop is so cute and the other flavors look delicious as well. I love the constantly changing variety they serve.
I was in town for the weekend and Dottie's popped up in my Google maps search for vegan desserts. They had 4 flavors available on the day I was there so I ordered a half a dozen (2 cinnamon, 2 double chocolate, 2 butternut pumpkin).  I had seen some negative reviews about the donuts not being that great but I'm glad I tried this place. I thought the donuts were fresh and definitely tasted like regular donuts. I recommend but do be ready for the sticker shock.
Yummy donuts and friendly service!

Dottie's was a consistent "treat yo self" treat during the pandemic. Their donuts happen to be vegan, but they don't slack on quality and flavor. Their menu changes often so there is something new to try, but they also have some standard flavors always available.

The only potential downside is falling in love with a special flavor and having to wait until they make it again!
Boston Creme was the doughnut of my childhood and I thought I'd never taste one again after going vegan. When a friend brought me my first vegan BC from Dottie's, I was like an animal. I'm serious. A client made an unannounced visit to discuss something serious with me while I was eating it and I just kept eating. I am embarrassed to say I check their Facebook page for the featured specials every day, fully willing to drive nearly half an hour to buy one if need be. They have some really exotic ones. Staff is friendly, place is intimate and quaintly furnished. Love this place. And guys, please bring back the Creamed Boston!
Good. I tried the coconut one which was really good, but Boston cream is not great. Depends on your tastes, but very good overall for a vegan donut place.
4 stars are dedicated to the friendly staff and cute scenery. i loved everything about this location. It was both simple and cutesy with the large donut displays on the walls above and the bright LOOK-OVER-HERE menu items, which were labeled HUNGRY and THIRSTY. As obvious as those titles are, they have both donuts/bagels and coffee/tea available. 

My order consisted of 4 deluxe flavored donuts which were: Lemon Poppy, Raspberry, Chocolate Pretzel, and Thai Tea. I took a bite of each donut before sharing with my siblings (LOL), and can say my favorite was the chocolate pretzel! The raspberry was a close second for its burst of sweet icing flavor, whereas the thai tea came third and the lemon poppy last. 

The tea was basic, nothing too special. Overall, a cute location for anyone looking for a bite. Deluxe donuts are a bit pricey. The store is also known for its Vegan-ness, so another plus!
HUGE donuts. If you require/desire vegan 'nuts, Dottie's can help you out. Multiple flavors available, easy take-out orders, and fresh coffee. A little pricey, but it's a specialty shop. Great for taking to meetings at USciences or Penn.
I was becoming discouraged by the donut scene in Philly (looking at you, Okie Dokie and Fed Nuts). The super dense, cakey donuts are not my scene and I prefer lighter, airier types. Welp, Dottie's has it down pat. Wow. These are the best donuts in Philly and some of the best I've ever had anywhere. I've tried quite a few (Triple Chocolate, Blackberry, Rosewater Pistachio, Dunkaroo, and Coconut Cream) and all of them have been incredible. The light donut with the spot-on fillings and glazes make for the perfect donut (or two). Great coffee as well. My only complaint is that the West Philly location is super out of the way and I would love to see them reopen their 6th St. location, if possible, instead. I'd be visiting a lot more if they did!
Finding an acceptable dairy-free donut is hard to find. Finding a DELICIOUS dairy-free donut is impossible. Or at least it was until I found Dottie's. Dottie's is absolutely extraordinary. The donuts have a delicious bready texture to it and the frostings are sweet without making your teeth hurt. It still takes my breath away knowing that they are Vegan! A must go to, for sure!
My #1 motivation for running the Broad Street Run was so that I was in Philly and I could go to Dottie's Donuts without making a 40 minute drive (FYI: 40 mins is totally worth it, though.) I heard about this place a few months ago from a friend and I have been trying to get here every since. Thankfully, I was able to achieve my dreams this past Sunday. 

I had to exercise incredible self restraint during my visit. After 10 miles of running in the cold and rain I probably could have eaten 1/2 doz donuts by myself, however I was able to beat temptation (this time) and keep it to trying just one. I picked out the rasberry-vanilla-almond because it was the most aesthically pleasing. Normally, I wouldn't fall victim to that and I'd pick based on flavor alone, but there was something about that beautiful pink icing that drew me in. 

I was not disappointed. As an amateur vegan baker myself, I know it's hard to get textures right, to make things taste good and to make non-vegans want to eat your desserts. But Dottie's does it all. Coupled with a cup of Elixr coffee, I was in a place of post-race zen at Dottie's Donuts. Now all I can think about is returning to Dottie's and trying another flavor (or two. Possibly three??). I don't normally write reviews based on one visit and one tasting of an establishments product...but geez. Dottie's. Heaven is in Philadelphia. 

I cannot recommend this place enough. It's cozy, they play good music and the donuts are beautiful (and delicious). Vegans and non-vegans alike will enjoy their amazing creations.
I LOVE DOTTIE'S DONUTS! I was never a donuts person before I went vegan but this place changed my mind. The donuts and coffee are delicious. I've found myself making it a ritual checking their Instagram page to see what flavored donuts they will serve each day. Cookie butter, Thai tea, and cold brew are my favorite!! I buy a half a dozen every time to keep them coming back. I wish they repeated great flavors they made only once (like the snickerdoodle) because if you don't get to the shop that day, you'll never get it. I love the staff here. They are always kind and funny. I've been going here for 3 years now and fully support this business. My reason for the 4 stars is because of one of the newer employees. I've never had any problems with anyone here except for her. She seems to be in a bad mood all the time. Like I've stated before, I've been going here for 3 years now so I have a typical order. The other employees know my coffee order at this point so they can swiftly complete it. She, on the other hand, rolls her eyes and huffs & puffs at it. I tried to ignore it, but she's done this several times in a row. She made my drink incorrectly once because she misheard me. I told her the mistake and she tried to tell me I was wrong. I restated she misheard me because she was rushing and she stared at me for a few seconds. She then quickly dumped the drink into the sink aggressively and went to making it correctly. There was no one there except me so I don't know why she was rushing in the first place. I was in no hurry. She's typically here on the weekend so ever since then, I try not to run into her again. I'm not going to call her out by stating her name or look, but hopefully she reads the review and fixes her attitude. Dottie's Donuts is a happy environment and don't want her ruining it. Also, I really don't want to avoid this place because of her. I love the donuts too much for that and she isn't worth it!
