Legit found a dead fly in my seafood combination. That's all that needs to be said. A pic will be uploaded as well. 

Side note. Took over 90 minutes for my order to arrive. 

You decide.
Normally I would give this place 5 Stars, but today, the deal-breaker happened. When the waiter delivered the check in the standard little tray, he also delivered a roach. I showed it to him. He was upset. So was I. I used to love this place. NOW what do I do? They have the best hot and sour soup anywhere, for only $2.50! The sushi is fresh, tasty and well-presented. Now I don't think I can go back. What a disappointment and what a way to end a great meal. I hope they read this and fix the problem. This is common on Ridge Avenue restaurants. Third time for me at different restaurants on Ridge Ave. in Roxborough.
Fantastic food.  Quick delivery. I ordered an egg roll, tuna roll, and cucumber avacado roll. The egg roll was large, stuffed with flavor, and still hot when my food arrived.

The tuna was fresh, flavorful, and came in. Large chunks. The avacado and cucumber were equally as fresh and flavorful. 

I will be going here again and it'll be my new take out restaurant of choice.
Stumbled upon this place the other day after that harry potter event around the area. Had trouble looking for a restaurant because every other place you needed to make reservations so I was really glad we found this place. Staff was super nice and friendly I enjoyed how quiet this place was. Food was also really good and price wise it was really cheap and affordable. I love how they used melons for their honey shrimp and walnut dish because i'm so used to seeing broccoli. The melon made the dish taste even better than the original.
Never been to the restaurant only order for take out. Food is typical Chinese food. PRICES on the menu provided are completely different from what they tell you over the phone. My order I saw online vs what they charged me was off by $7 after calling and explaining that they said the menu was outdated and it's wrong. I also asked if they would refund me the money and they strongly refused. Not so happy with that. Actually pretty disappointed. Will not be ordering from there again. The man on the phone was very rude.
Just ordered from Dream House for the first time since Jade Court left. I was excited about their suishi and Thai options. I wanted to play it safe with my Thai choice since this would be my first time trying Dream (plus I was starving and didn't want to take the chance of not liking it)- I got the Shrimp Pad Thai- and I was so glad I did! It was the BEST shrimp pad thai I have ever had! The portion was a generous size and there was more shrimp than I expected. The shrimp was jumbo in size and cooked perfectly as well as tasting very fresh. The pad thai had a suttle but noticable kick of spice to it that just gave it that "extra" something that completed the dish. I will deftintely be ordering from here again and trying the other menu options
This is a wonderful hidden gem in this little Roxborough neighborhood. The prices are reasonable and the sushi, Thai, and Chinese food are all really good. You can go in and if there's not a lot of people you can ask them to turn up the TV so you can have dinner and a movie. :)

The gentleman that works behind the counter and as the server is always pleasant and nice to talk to. It is a nice low-key chill place to go. 

I would really suggest this place if you were going with groups of more than 4 to 6. Being that majority of the tables are booths. There also is a little sushi bar with barstools that you can sit up to but again that's discretionary. 

Overall the facility is clean, the food is very good, and is a nice quiet tucked away, place in the heart of Roxborough. 

Parking on Ridge is metered but there are side streets where I'm sure you can find ample parking that's free.
Amazing Asian food restaurant in Roxborough, Manayunk area. Me and my wife really enjoy Dream House. Thank God it's something different than the average Chinese food restaurant.

Here are the positives;

Inside is very nice, modern, and clean. A great place to get sushi with friends, or go on a date with the wife. The host/waiter is extremely friendly!

Thai food section on the menu is unique! I tried the Thai Curry and it was very delicious. Not too strong, not too coconut milk tasting. The rice was very good. I also had The House Specialty, Crispy Beef. It came over salad with a special soy sauce. Me and my wife loved this! 

I read that another reviewer said that the Gen Tso had pineapple that's awesome! Sick of regular Chinese food.


Negatives;

Be more specific on menu. Could use better more modern, and more descriptive menu! This would have prevented the General Tso -Pineapple problem as they could have two kinds listed, one with pineapple and one without. Or the menu could have been more explicit about it having Pineapple in it in the first place.

Warning the veggie dumplings are very unique. Kind of like egg roll style filling (or also similar to cole slaw), not bad though, they should specify on their menu that this is very different as some people will be surprised.

I'm a big fan of Dream House and will go here again! If the menu get's better I'll give this place 5 stars!
I stick to this place over others in the area since they have both sushi and Chinese/Thai/etc. cuisine. Compared to other places in the area, they are priced maybe a buck or two higher per entree but since it's one stop shop, I don't mind. I've never been to the physical restaurant but I've ordered delivery a number of times through GrubHub.  

The sushi is great. Really, really great. I always order something new or different from their sushi menu and everything's been awesome so far. 

But... the other stuff, like fried rice or noodle dishes, can occasionally be profoundly underwhelming. I've tried a number of their veggie dishes and they are all sub-par. My friends, however, who order meat are never as disappointed as I am. Perhaps they could just up the ante on their vegetarian stuff since even their basics like veggie fried rice and lo mein are seriously lacking. Taking my friends' comments into account, I've given this place 4 stars but if we were going on my experience alone, I would probably give 3. I will continue to order sushi from them. They always deliver within 30-35 minutes of receiving the order. They are also generous with sauces and fortune cookies.
I met someone here for a dinner meeting and we were very happy with our meals. I got drunken noodles which was semi spicy and pretty flavorful. It was a big plate - very filling. 
It was a quiet and not too busy that evening.
I can't get enough of their sushi. I literally order from here all the time when I'm in the area. Got a ton of food for a movie date. Ate so much that my belly was going to burst. I see the complaints on here but disagree highly with these other people. I haven't been able to find another sushi place like this for the price. Can't wait for my next order of Volcano rolls.
Don't order delivery from this place on a Friday night.  We have been waiting for over an hour and I can't get anyone on the phone to give me an update on my order.
I have ordered from here probably 10 times and definitely my favorite go to place for takeout sushi and chinese. especially if you want something from both cuisines. everything tastes great and they deliver on time every time.
I can only think these negative comments are by their competition. I have had food delivered from the dream house 4-5 times and NEVER a problem and generally arrives within 40-50 minutes. Ive ordered general "Chinese" food as well as their sushi and will continue to order from them because it is VERY good.
I order from this place all the time! Sometimes delivery can take a while but that's to be expected during weekends from a popular Chinese/sushi restaurant. Highly recommend pickup if possible.

Items to definitely try: hot and sour soup, spicy tuna roll, any of their specialty rolls, and the bbq boneless spare ribs. 

Staff are always courteous and friendly on the phone and in person. Great place!
Jade Court is no longer with us, but at least more Asian cuisine quickly filled the void (they even kept the same phone number), and huge bonus points for officially being a BYOB (no one ever stopped you from drinking in the Court, but it definitely wasn't a legit practice). I went with traditional take out [general tso, steamed dumplings, and pork fried rice], and the food was good, but all the dishes seemed to be lacking any real flavor, so I was underwhelmed by it all. Since the menu includes Japanese and Thai fare as well, I'll have to give the other stuff a try before I write it off for it's above average price (for this neighborhood).

When I do eat here again, I think I'll go with their lunch special of the Bento Box, because it actually appears to be a great deal at $8.95:
Choose from close to 25 entree options (standard lunch options with some Thai mixed in) and a cup of soup, plus salad, fried wonton, 6 pieces of California roll, and boiled rice. Seems like a good meal.
We ordered off of Uber Eats one night for dinner. The process was fast and easy. You get a great deal with the amount of food you get versus what you pay. My fried rice lasted 3 meals! The Christmas roll was super tasty, and held up through delivery- tasted like it had just been made!
We decided to explore restaurants in the Roxborough/Manayunk area and stumbled upon this place.

The menu is big, but most of it is Americanized Chinese food, which me mostly avoided.  We ordered Bento Box specials, which were an incredible deal--$9 for a huge amount of food: soup, sushi, salad, rice, two dumplings, and an entree.  There was also complimentary tea, which tasted like some sort of mild, roasted tea like hojicha or roasted barley tea.

The sushi was top-notch; it was just a California roll, but it was the best California roll I've had in a long time.  There was only a sparing amount of rice around the outside of the roll, and it was very generous with the other ingredients, which were very fresh.

I ordered the salmon green curry and it was exquisite...it came with the skin on (which I like) but was cooked so it was tender and easy to eat, and there were no bones in it.  That's tricky to do!  The sauce was mild--I'm used to Thai green curry being spicier and there was little kick but it was flavorful.

We got hot and sour soup with our meal and it was good, again, not very hot, but good.  The only thing I was less a fan of were the dumplings, which were a crab rangoon-style dumpling, cream cheese and crab, too heavy and not really my thing.

I would come back here though.  The prices were very reasonable and the food was very good, especially the sushi.  I want to try more extensive sushi here because I was so impressed with the quality of the California rolls.
I'd say the three and a half stars is about right for here.  First time trying it out because I was craving sushi and the area has slim pickings.  We ordered salad, fried rice and a couple of basic rolls. For $30 it was a lot of food.  Salad dressing was yummy! Sushi was average, but that's comparing it to higher end places.  Didn't eat there but it was clean.  Service was friendly and good was ready fast. I'd go back.
This is my local corner Chinese place. Very friendly fast service for pick up.  We'll opt for take out from here every now and again.  This is the most quality Chinese in the area.  (Full disclosure - haven't tried new ruby yet though).  Good fried rice here compared to most of the other places that use "yellow-ish" rice.  Very quality white meat in the General Tsos.  It's about a dollar more expensive than the other place but you're paying for the quality. Haven't tried the sushi yet, but looks really fresh.  They also have Thai on the menu.  Would like to eat inside at some point as it is a BYO.
The general tso's chicken tastes like an old shoe. Disgusting. And the pork fried rice was also terrible. 

The salad with ginger dressing was amazing though.
Finally an awesome sushi place within walking distance of our house! I have done both sit-in and take out. Each time I have had great experiences. The price is perfect too, very reasonable. I absolutely love the sushi here. My favorite roll is the Sweet Heart roll.  Although, another plus to Dream House is variety of food. They offer more than just sushi which is helpful because not everyone likes sushi when you go in a group.
I love Dream House Asian Bistro! When I moved to Roxborough, I tried several Asian restaurants to replace my former go-to Chinese place that I was ordering from for 7 years while in Fairmount. Most of them fell extremely short on the quality of food, service and the price until I discovered Dream House (as I have appropriately nick-named it)!

They have an extensive menu and I have tried everything from their Chinese to Thai to Japanese cuisine and it has all been wonderful. My favorite selection has become their sushi. It is always fresh, delicious and less expensive than any place around! (Again, much disappointment from the other Manayunk/Roxborough "sushi" restaurants that either have been over-priced or served old fish.)

I will not go anywhere else for Asian cuisine in this area and it's not just because of their food, but because of their service. Jerry and Kevin are two of the most friendly, hard-working and community-driven people I know and I am proud to call the my local Asian restaurant!!
I love this place and the one guy behind the counter who is always smiling is the man. He is always so nice and welcoming. The food is amazing and they also deliver which is a plus. I will def keep coming back here.
Their sushi is pretty good--especially of the price and the location. The problem is that the service is awful. The past two times I ordered take out from them, I was given a time range--that the food would be ready in 15-20 minutes. I arrived at the restaurant 30 minutes later, and my food STILL wasn't ready. The man behind the counter told me it would be another 10 minutes, that the chef was working on my order right now. AN HOUR LATER I walked out with my sushi. I would not have waited had they been honest, or had they told me it would be an hour when I called to order, I would have run some errands while I waited for my food. 

I should say, the service when you dine in isn't any better either. My friends and I sat down to eat a couple of months ago. In the middle of telling the waitress our order, she just walked away to answer the phone. No "excuse me," or "I'll be right back." Nothing. Such poor service isn't worth the money.
Ordered takeout from here since I was craving sushi and my go-to place Lucky Star burned down :(  

First off, called at 7pm on a Tuesday and they said it would arrive in 35-45 minutes.  At 8, we still didn't get our food and when I called, they said the delivery guy was 15 minutes away!  That's a little ridiculous.  They didn't even offer a coupon or money off of the bill. 

We got the salad with ginger dressing ($3.5) not worth the money at all.  Dressing was just okay, not my favorite.  We split 3 rolls, the Alaska, Salmon special roll with spicy salmon inside/salmon outside and the Dream Girl (spicy salmon/tuna/crunchy in soy paper).  They were okay.  I liked the salmon special roll, it was fresh and had really great flavor.  Not worth the $37 we paid for everything, but okay.  

I will probably go back and eat there at some point and try their other dishes.  Guess I was just spoiled by Lucky Star and their affordable prices and amazing food.
Maybe four stars seems a bit excessive, but I really did enjoy the sushi takeout I ordered here. No complaints all the way around, with the exception that is true of many sushi spots - I wish there were more choices! M16 roll and Mango Tango roll were the faves tonight. Don't hesitate to give their sushi a try.
Poor taste and poor service.

My wife and I came here because she has been craving pad Thai. 
After our visit she is still craving pad Thai. 
The portion sizes were huge but the taste was minimal.
The pad Thai was orange, it had no visible vegetables and herbs, and was sweet, not spicy as the menu indicates.
My wife did say the shrimp was cooked perfectly but that was the only positive thing she could say about the dish.

After 2 bites of the pad Thai my wife couldn't stomach anymore so we decided to speak to the waiter. We called for the waiter, literally, we had to call out across the restaurant because every time we needed something he was busy on his phone or watching Avengers on the TV. We expressed the problem to the waiter and asked if we could replace the meal with something different to which he agreed. After looking over the menu again my wife decided she didn't want anything more.

I had the beef with broccoli bento box lunch special. Aside from way too much brown sauce it was ok and a decent price.

We asked for the bill and the waiter brought out a takeaway box and the bill. Before I could say anything more he was gone again. When we finally got the waiter back I asked, "why we were being charged for something we didn't eat?" We were told "because you ordered it. We have to just dump it." To which I replied "yes, but my wife did not eat it. It made her sick to the stomach. We should not have to pay for something we didn't eat." I was then told he could charge half price but not take it off the bill. He said they would replace it with something different but that was all. By this point I was done with giving this place a chance so we ordered something different to takeaway. It wasn't something that I wanted but it was something rather than pay for a dish that made my wife sick.

This place may be called dream house but be assured the dreams here are not very pleasant.
Save your money and your time.
Pretty good thai/sushi place. It was empty when we got there on a Sunday, so service was fast! The menu has a lot of options that you would expect. My chicken curry was pretty good, but I usually like a thicker sauce and the vegetables to be more bite sized, vs the really large ones they had. The pad thai was sweet and flavorful, although a bit too much sauce. Overall, good experience and food but have had better.
Great service. Great food. Decent prices. I've had their Chinese, Thai, and Japanese meals and have yet to be disappointed. Their sushi prices are very very reasonable and the quality is better than anything I've had in the area. While I usually get take out, I keep saying I need to dine in. Their dine-in business seems to be lacking but not by any fault of their own. The Ridge is not exactly known for it's restaurants and most people don't spend too much time hanging out along this strip (clearly can't blame them) but with the opening of the Foodery and possibly a few more nice places, hopefully this will change. The guy that is always at the front desk is SO friendly every time I'm there. He's young, upbeat, and always carries a genuine conversation with me while I wait for my take out. I WILL be in for a sit-down meal soon... promise!
Ordered from Grub Hub but selected pick up instead of delivery. This was a happy accident. This place is real close to my house and the food was excellent. I thought it would be a hole in the wall like the dump I previously ordered from. Dream House it's actually a restaurant. It was nice inside and the staff was very friendly. When I got home the food was amazing though the pork fried rice was a bit bland. The chicken satay is delicious, the shrimp spring roll light and filled with shrimp. The sesame chicken was unique in a good way. It didn't have the typical brown syrup goop on top. It was very tasty and unlike anything I've ever had before. 

I am so glad I actually got to see this place and I will definitely try eating in next time I want Chinese.
Disgusting disgusting disgusting!! Old rice, old fish. I've never had a poorer tasting sushi than there's ever!. I could not finish my roll before my stomach was turning. By the time my friend and I got home we were both running to the toilet!! In fact I am  still sick writing this review. Once I called them to warn them of the bad fish they're serving the man was rude, unhelpful, and unaccommodating.Will never return! And I hope you won't either. Unfortunately I have to give them 1 star so I can post this
No No No! Never Ever again. WARNING:: extremely high % chance of food poisoning. Un-fresh fish, un-fresh rice, and un-fresh lettuce. On top of that they're rude as Heck!. Will never give them anymore of my business. They're simply trying to get over on people, serving the lowest quality of food that they can find. I should have known, as soon as we walked in my 8 year old daughter complained of the smell. Disappointed that I have to give them even 1 star.
Friendly waiters, very clean, fast delievery.  Shrimp tempura, and spicy tuna rolls are excellent and fresh, and my sister raved abt the beef lo mein.  Although, their sushi bar could stand to be larger, it seats abt 3 ppl, but if one of them has a bottle it wont be comfortably. Overall fun little casual b.y.o.b
Just got delivery from here. First, the positives: they had prompt delivery within 30 minutes. Now for the negatives: $1 delivery charge. Kung Pao was bland and had no "pow"; I didn't even save the leftovers. The chicken with mixed vegetables was even more bland, but could be helped with dousing it with salt and soy sauce. The fried rice was more like plain brown rice with a burnt aftertaste. The fried dumplings were the best thing we got, but were more pan-seared than fried, and a little on the gooey/runny side. Another failed attempt at finding good Chinese food in the Manayunk/Roxborough area.
I'm surprised about the negative reviews! We love this sushi! Now, to be fair, the rest of the menu isn't great, but the sushi is very fresh. Our favorite is the Spicy Twin Salmon roll - if you like spice and fresh salmon, try this!
Went in for sit-down. Great suhi- try the volcano roll or the amazing tuna roll. Will not disappoint!
I am being very generous with one star. This place has really bad food and it made both myself and my boyfriend sick. We got two pork egg rolls, General tso and Hunan chicken. Just please do yourself a favor and don't go here. Try another Chinese place in manayunk/rox.
Disclaimer: ALL Chinese takeout places around roxborough/Andorra aren't great or authentic really, they are targeted to American taste buds but what are you going to do.  

Was hesitant to order from here because we usually order lucky star however, lucky star doesn't have small and large portions and my hub wanted a few small things to try.  

I'm pleasantly surprised that the food wasn't too terrible.  Wasn't amazing but no Chinese around here is.  The dumplings were good, the lo menu was decent, and I was scared after ordering teriyaki salmon but was happy I ordered because it was ok quality salmon
The nastiest Thai food ever. I had their chicken drunken noddle. I took to bites that was not chicken. It was chewy and rubbery!!!! I will never eat their again
 The owner refused to give me a refund. They lost a customer. I recommend people elsewhere for quality Asian cuisine.
Yikes. On the real this one was a bad find and try on my part.

Ordered:
- Sashimi Appetizer
- Sushi/Sashimi Combo (comes with choice of soup or salad)
  *chose the salad

Review:

Started with the salad and will say basic lettuce from a bag most likely but was elevated by the ginger salad sauce. The sauce was delicious! So whatever about the basic salad. 

Now the Sashimi appetizer and the Sushi//Sashimi combo is what brought down the stars for this review. With every bite I was taking of the raw fish, I was nervous because the taste was on the point where the portions are borderline/on the verge of being spoiled and rotten. I was nervous... Just almost force feeding myself cause the salmon didn't taste good, but just like at edible... 

Basically what I'm trying to say is there are definitely other places to get sushi from and I will not be returning to this place for it. Pricey. Sitting on the edge of my seat while trying to eat. Didn't enjoy it. 

Bummer.
Horrible chinese food..worst chicken broccoli I have ever had. Would never recommend it. We even waited over an hour for our delivery.
Ordered a spicy tuna roll and shrimp
Tempura roll both with brown rice (which I paid extra for) Waited an hour and half. Did not receive brown rice. Shrimp tempura had maybe one shrimp.. Half of the pieces did not have any shrimp. Spicy tuna roll was half crunch (which I didn't ask for) and half old "tuna" which was basically a fish flavored paste. I ended up throwing both away after eating one piece each. Waste of time and money. Will never order from Dream House again.
I ordered on Grubhub, the delivery time said an hour but it only took 30 minutes which was great, but...

I ordered the Pad Thai, Sesame Chicken and Seaweed salad.
The pad thai and sesame chicken were very bland!! I would not order again.

The seaweed salad was good.
Terrible drunken noodles. I don't know what this was but it wasn't drunken noodles. 

Overpriced and inedible.
Best sushi ever !!! You must try the Amazing tuna roll and red dragon roll there absolutely delicious !!! My favorite sushi place without a doubt.
I order sushi from here all the time, which is always really good.
however, after tonight's experience, I will never order from here again.
I ordered thai curry (red) with chicken.  they sent me some chinese chicken and mixed vegetable nonsense that tasted literally like garbage.  when i called to complain, they argued with me about how i must not know what i'm talking about. (sidenote: i worked in an asian bistro for three years so i kinda do know what i'm talking about). after refusing to send me the right thing or giving me my money back and continuing to insult my intelligence, he finally decided to give me 10% off my next order. guess what- there wlll not be a next order. 
that behavior is how you lose a good customer.
We left the suburbs where we had a great Asian fusion restaurant that we loved where we could get Chinese, Japanese, and Thai food. We tried this restaurant today and we were mildly happy.

There was only one other person in the restaurant when we arrived, which I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing... The waiters were attentive enough, but not the best servers. The food was pretty good.

I had egg drop soup, which was really delicious--the best egg drop I've had in a while. The crab Rangoon was really good, too, although their duck sauce was kind of weird and red, rather than the usual orange I'm used to. I was super excited to try the cheesesteak egg roll, but it was gross--the meat was gray and it had no cheese and no good flavor. I had the drunken noodles with chicken and it was pretty good and flavorful--the noodles were cooked well. The serving was huge and I took most of it home. My wife had sushi and said she enjoyed it.

The place could've put the air conditioner on some more, though! It wasn't a particularly hot day, but it was really warm in the restaurant, which made it pretty uncomfortable. 

All in all, we would eat their food again, but probably would get take out. The prices are reasonable as well.
Terrible. Wanted to try this place instead of our usual (Ruby) and will never do so again.

 Food took over an hour to get delivered. 

Kung pao chicken tasted like it had week old grease in it and my husband had to stop eating it and make a different dinner. 

Pad Thai was gloppy and had no flavor other than peanut dust.
Last week, I ordered one of their plates for lunch for take out. I ordered the sesame chicken with pork fried rice and an egg roll. The sesame chicken was very flavorful and not too sweet. The pork added a smoky flavor to the rice. The rice didn't have too many vegetables in it (peas), which was fine. The egg roll was solid. I recommend this place for a cheap take out option. $8.50 for a plate is a great deal. I've heard good things about their sushi and salads so I look forward to trying those out next time.
I've ordered from Dream House quite a few times. The sushi is never very consistent. Some days it is good, and other days you can clearly tell they used old ingredients. Some days they deliver at lightning speed, other days it takes so long, I forget I even ordered delivery. This will probably be the last time I order from Dream House... Today, I ordered a salmon avocado roll, some sushi and sashimi. All of the fish tasted old and a little chewy and the avocado was clearly brown. To top it off, I found a huge fish scale in my sushi. I don't expect 5 star sushi from a place like this, but at the very least, I expect consistency and decent ingredients that are not clearly old. I've never tried their Chinese food, but at this point, I don't feel it's worth it.
Unfortunately their food is better than the other asian takeout/delivery joints in the area, however their delivery is unreliable, and when questioned about it, they're absolutely unapologetic and downright rude.

We've ordered from them a handful of times, and the delivery always takes longer than the standard 40 minutes they quote. On one Friday night, they quoted us 40 minutes and it took an hour and a half. More than double the time they quoted. A busy Friday night is expected. No complaints there. However, accurate delivery quotes are appreciated.

Today I called for delivery and they quoted 40 minutes. I asked (politely) if this was an accurate delivery quote or if might take a bit longer. The man who answered the phone explained that he only answers the phone and it's not his job to deliver. He actually doesn't know how long the food will take, that I couldn't expect him to know how long it would take for delivery. He was completely unapologetic and took no accountability for the overall business, rather focused on the fact that his job was solely to answer the phone and provide a 40 minute delivery quote.

If you're going to pick up your food, it's not half bad. Don't depend on their delivery, and certainly don't expect them to take any pride on whether it's delivered on time.
5 star for the delivery via grub hub. their rolls are delicious and very fresh. can't wait to visit the restaurant with a few bottles of wine and a cab ride home (:
Just got delivery from Dream House and it definitely surpassed my expectations. Placed my order at 7:20 PM and was quoted a delivery between 8:15 and 8:25 so I was shocked when I got the call at 7:50 that my food was already here! Food was piping hot and portions are more than generous. Lo mein is great, it's not like it's a high end Chinese place or anything but definitely one of the better places I've found in the Manayunk/ Roxborough area.
This is our go-to delivery sushi spot. It takes a little while, but they let you know that when you order. By no means is it the best Asian spot in town, but there is variety and convenience.
I do not write reviews often, however I thought this is important and deserves a review! I have had Chinese food and sushi from Dream House and it has been reasonably priced and delicious. With that being said, I recently tried their Drunken Noodles, which is a Thai dish. I can not speak for their other Thai dishes but I do know that I will never get the Drunken Noodles from here again. They were labeled as spicy, which they were not. They just lacked in so much flavor and I never waste food but this dish wasn't even worth saving for leftovers. I just want to advise others to steer clear of the drunken noodles and order this dish elsewhere. If i were rating this place based off of this dish I would give it a 0, however their sushi and Chinese food is worth it!
I liked the place, from the moment I went in until we went out. Had spicy roll plate with 3 kind of spicy rolls. Miso soup was rich and it tasted well too. Will visit this place again when i get asian kitchen craving
I ordered takeout on an early Saturday evening and went to pick it up.  Upon entering, I wanted to turn right around and walk out.  The smell of mold was very strong.  The place was empty, darkly lit and just plain creepy.  I paid with a credit card, and as I was waiting for it to be processed, the two men behind the counter proceeded to talk in a language other than English.  Being the paranoid I am, I felt they were talking about me.
I ordered a cucumber roll and an avocado roll.  Both rolls were so tiny and definitely not worth the $ I paid.  I would not go back, nor would I recommend.  I have had better sushi from local grocery stores.
Mediocre food, horrible service.

I ordered a Chinese entree and sushi on a weeknight.  It arrived luke-warm and didnt get here until an hour and a half after I ordered! I received no explanation or apology from the desk or the delivery person, even after several calls. The food itself is bland, standard fare; nothing different than any other Asian takeout/delivery restaurant.

Needless to say, I will never order from this place again.
First time trying this place today. Avocado salad was great, especially the dressing. The tuna tataki was ok, a little fishy but not bad. One issue I have is that there was 5 small pieces of tuna. When I have ordered it from other places I would get a whole to go box of it. I was still hungry unfortunately today so that would be great if they could increase the quantity since the price is $9.50 just for the tuna.
Right on point with 3 stars. Ordered sushi delivery on a Thursday night. Hour delivery with no complaints. The sushi was good but the great. For a sushi delivery spot with good options this is your place. If your heading out for some sushi there are better spots in the area. Cheers!
WILL NOT GO BACK, this just happened to me:

I found this place and ordered pick up after work. I ordered "spicy Szechuan wonton" as an appetizer and some sushi. When I opened my wontons I was confused (please see picture). This is nothing like the spicy Szechuan wontons I've had from anywhere else including its origin - China. Please google spicy Szechuan wonton and see what comes up, this is nothing near what it supposed to be. And of course I called and told them the confusion, the person was on the line told me "you've never had it before?" Lol... okay, that's another reason I will never go back - no customer service. Sushi was ok.
Just OK nothing special.They dont give dry noodle with duck sauce for the table.Had to ask for  hot tea.The steam dumplings were ok.The sushi was mediocre.I got a amazing tuna roll it was 12 bucks it tasted like what you get at the supermarket!Shrimp tempura roll was just fine.Shrimp chow mein was good but small shrimp probably from a bag of frozen shrimp.Nothing special overall!
Do not eat here. Found disgusting hair in my sushi rolls. Called they guy didn't seem to surprised tried to play a guessing game who works there with black hair. Um I thought Asains are known for black hair. The guy I spoke to ask me to send pictures and video which I did. Only to tell me they giving me a partial refund. And debated with me when I told him the rice and bean sprouts were old. He said cuz I didn't eat right away. I live 8 miles away from restaurant. I live in upper darby. If I were to use grubhub or a delivery service it still would of took a hr for me to receive food. I will be contacting the health department monday.
Probably the worst sushi in the area. Rolls hardly had any fish or vegetable inside, they put so much effort into skimping instead of just making a roll, will never order from here again. The fish was flavorless,  portion sizes and presentation were all disgraceful.
Wow!  Drunken noodles, my new favorite!!! the delivery was timely. The food is great.  And they deliver sushi.  This is my new go-to delivery.
Friendly and timely delivery but the sushi was really small and unfulfilling and for some reason I elected to get may on the sushi (was not spicy mayo, was literally mayonnaise) which was a poor selection on my part.  The general tso's was okay but not very saucy which is how I usually like it.
Great food, good prices and you get a lot of food for what you pay. Their delivery is fast and they are willing to make substitutions, even using grub hub. This is my favorite Asian restaurant in the area and I have tried a lot of them. Everything I have gotten from here has been delicious- from lo mein to sushi to soup
Used to be my go to... last time I ordered I found a fly in my food. No, I didn't take a picture, no I didn't contact them.... I was so queasy after that I couldn't bear to photograph it, much leas discuss such a horrific event. Maybe I'm being dramatic but for weeks afterwords I'd feel sick to my stomach if I thought about it. 
TAKE CAUTION IF YOU EVER THINK ABOUT ORDERING FROM HERE!
Why do bad things happen to good people?

My friend and I ordered what we thought would be Thai food from Dream House.  We received the photo below...

-  "Pad Thai"  
-  "Drunken Noodles"

Both tasted exactly the same.  Essentially, they were two different variations of noodles (one was thin and one was thick) smothered in the same exact sauce --- which was identical to the taste of Russian dressing (mayo and ketchup mixed flavor... puke - this does not belong on Thai food).  I ordered my drunken noodles with shrimp - and ALL the shrimp were never even deveined or at least attempted to be cleaned - they all still had their thick shrimp poo clearly visible to the human eye.  

My friends, this is not a case of me being Asian and thus, my standards for Asian food would be higher.  No no... the food at Dream House is just straight awful and appalling to my tastebuds. 

I'd rather go to McDonald's.  In fact, they should probably just serve McDonald's on the menu. That way, at least something would be palatable.
Have never dined in, but every single time we order from here, 
1. The service is friendly and helpful.
2. The delivery is quick and packaged insightfully to preserve presentation and temperature.
3. The portions are large.
4. MOST IMPORTANTLY -- the food tastes GREAT

Thank you Dream House, we appreciate your care!

Pro tip, skip the Grubhub & give them a call, if you don't mind talking on the phone.
Dream House has become my number one spot for sushi in Roxborough/Manayunk area.  The prices are great for the quality of sushi. It's always fresh, a great variety of rolls and awesome sushi lunch specials. Some of the "better" sushi places seem to be the same quality for a lot more money. Take-out via grubhub is always fast but going in with a bottle of wine is also a great option!

The only negative is that they put WAY too much crunch in their "spicy" rolls, so you end up getting much less fish.  So I usually stay away from those and just get a regular roll and add spicy mayo to it.
