Been here a few times during food truck festivals and man, I must say that this is one of my favorite trucks to eat from. The dumplings are flavorful, they're not too greasy, and cooked perfectly. No soggy wrappers coming from them.

I've tried a few different ones and my favorite is the chicken ones. They stuff it with the perfect amount of meat. There's definitely a nice balance between the meat and the dumpling wrappers.

For service- again 5 stars all the way. No matter how long the line and stressed they may be, they are always willing to answer any questions you have. They even give recommendations if you have absolutely no idea what you want.

Overall- I will surely be back!
Summer is coming to an end (big huge sigh!) and outdoor events, night markets and festivals are winding down. But you don't need to have any concerns, DUMP-N-ROLL will still be around to serve you the best dumpling, the best spring rolls, simply the best n dimsum. Just follow Dump-N-Roll schedule, and look for the graffiti designed truck (a philly guy, with his mouth wide open, who's about to attack a happy dumpling and a spring roll). Brilliant and eye-catching design.

So far, my favorites: 
- Far-West wontons: Crazy delicious more than you can imagine. Tempura filled with chipotle turkey bacon cheeseburger, and honey bourbon barbecue sauce. These wontons are just perfect.
- Philly cheesesteak rolls: Who doesn't love cheesesteak and spring rolls both in one?
- And I'll keep trying more of Dump-N-Roll delicacies and treats every time I catch a glimpse of the truck.

Special Note:
If you see Peter Tong, the chef, give him a high five. His #1 priority is my and your satisfaction, no ifs, no ands, no buts. Peter is a great person, great chef and so full of energy and life.

Four and Half Yelps.
Girllll....I love these dumpings!!!

I ventured out on a hot summers day to fight the crowds on 2nd St just to get a sampling of these dumplings. As a vegetarian, I had hopes they had something on the menu to satisfy me....JACKPOT! They had these little pockets of veggie heaven. As I am typing this review my mouth is watering. 

The skins were green...maybe some veggies packed in there? The dumplings are fried with a crisp outer skin but not too oily. The dipping sauce is a little watery but I just let the sauce soak the dumpling a little before taking a bite. YUM.

I cannot wait to get to try these again but I gotta remember to use my yelp check in! (Still kicking myself that I checked in after I left the truck!)
I'm gonna be tough on these guys only because I think they have so much potential. First, a little bit about food truck theory. In University City, the heart of the Philly food truck scene, there's generally two types of trucks - novelty trucks, where the truck fills some kind of novelty food niche and prices are typically $8-12 for complete meal where you actually feel full; and staple trucks - the standard sandwiches/chinese food/chicken over rice where $5 leaves you feeling full and satisfied. I may eat at a novelty truck once a semester because I can't justify paying that much for lunch when there are so many good cheaper options available. I will eat at the staple trucks probably 3 or 4 times a week. Now, there are a precious few trucks that successfully stradle both the novelty and staple categories - that is, they are novel, delicious, and affordable on a daily basis. That is how Cucina Zapata has established themselves as the gold standard of UCity food trucks and how they have 20 min long lines every day they're open.  

Currently, Dump N Roll is squarely in the category of a novelty truck. At $8 for 8 dumplings, I would easily have to spend $16 on two orders just to be moderately full. I could probably get by on their combo option of 8 dumplings, a side, and a drink for $11, but $11 is too much for lunch to just "get by". By comparison, an order of 8 dumplings at Dim Sum Garden, a brick and mortar store that specializes in dumplings is ~$5. 

Taste-wise, the oink and chive dumplings I got were as good as any dumplings I've had, and I've had a lot of dumplings, so that's good. Unfortunately, the pork in one of my dumplings was undercooked - see the picture. Though they call their dumplings "oink and chive", I was really hoping I wouldn't be hearing any actual oinking. 

Service-wise, I didn't get any napkins or utensils with my dumplings - maybe it was a one time mistake by the window lady, but it didn't help the experience. Additionally, the dumplings were simply servied in an open paper tray, then placed in a plastic bag  - dangerous if you don't hold your bag very carefully on the way to wherever you're going. 

So overall, this experience was poor, but I do still believe there is a lot of potential. The dumplings are good, and I noticed on the press release on the truck that their dumpling prices just two weeks ago were 4 for $3.50, 6 for $5, which  I would be okay with - I could get 10 dumplings for $8.50, which is still pushing it, but doable. If they can sell dumplings at $0.60 each, I think the truck has the potential to be in the same golden zone as Cucina Zapata, and business would blow up. But in its current state, I won't be coming back or recommending the truck to friends.
SHUT THE FRONT DOOR. No joke, I had mouthgasms with every thing I ate - I don't even know everything I put in my mouth because I asked to be surprised and I sure as hell was. I literally didn't even wait ten minutes after consumption to start writing this review. I am at Laurita right now and the guys working are amazing, so funny and sweet. They gave me a serious hook up of dumplings and eggrolls! I got the Mac n Cheese egg roll - HOLY HEAVEN, it was gooey and cheesy and everything good in the world. The cheeseburger wontons with the dipping sauce - delicious. The veggie and pork egg dumplings with that sweet, teriyaki soy mix sauce - bomb af. 
Literally so good, not only should you hire me but you should get a truck here in Jersey near the beach... Permanently!

PS - I forgot to mention the fries, I don't even know what was on the fries but it was garlicky greatness
Dump 'N Roll is in my work parking lot as I type. Their pork dumplings and garlic aioli fries are simply HEAVENLY. A Mexican food truck is also here and their nachos were so bad that I had to throw them away. I then went to Dump 'N Roll and was simply blown away by the heavenly deliciousness. The order takers/chefs were friendly and had big personalities and made my short break from my ridiculously busy day fun. If you come across this food truck, stop, drop and roll into their line and order some of the tastiest food in all of the food trucks in Philadelphia!
Tried them for the first time in NJ at the Pennsauken Bite Night food truck event... The piggy-n-chive dumplings with garlic soy is by far the best ever..!! Close runners up was the veggie dumpling and cheeseburger wontons.  I tried the sampler and enjoyed everything especially the perfectly paired sauces.  A must try if your tired of mundane food and looking for some innovative flavor combinations.
Some friends and I biked on over to NLibs to go to the hot dog cart late on a Saturday night. Unfortunately, it wasn't open but we did spot the DumpnRoll truck and decided to try it out. There were several problems:

1. I hate the name. DumpnRoll sounds like you just took a massive shit and need to escape. Ex: "Man, I just take a huge smelly dump, let's roll out of here." 

2. The people working in the truck were too busy flirting with my friend and never put in my order. Sure, she's beautiful and whatnot, but give me my food! I had to go up and remind them after the 3 people that were behind me got their food first. 

3. The mac and cheese eggroll wasn't even good! Crispy, yes. But it literally had no flavor and the sauce that came with it was extremely bland as well. 

4. It's overpriced for what you get. My mediocre egg roll was $5, and the sampler that my friends got was $15 for a couple pieces of dim sum. 

Glad we tried it, but probably won't order from here again.
Dump-N-Roll is a very cool food truck which has an awesome menu. I always love trying out interesting and notable food trucks and this one definitely suffices. 

They came to my school as part of a free food promotion for the school. They provided multiple options on a nice platter which included samples of their fries, pork dumplings, crab rangoon, spring roll, and burger dumplings. All their dumplings are pan fried or fried with a nice crust. 

Overall, I found the food pretty good and fast. The burger dumplings were definitely the best part as well as the truffle fries which came with a nice aioli sauce. Additionally the crab rangoon I found good. This type of crab rangoon definitely has a different taste compared to the traditional. Still, each item I tried was good and definitely worth a try.
Found these guys at The Mann during the 112 degree heat wave.  Peter, the owner, was super friendly.  I had the veggie dumplings and mac & cheese egg roll.  Everything was delicious.  The sauce that comes with the dumplings is drinkable.  

Can't wait to find them again and try something new!
My boyfriend and I stopped at this food truck at the 2nd Street Festival and the dumplings, egg roll, and wontons were incredible. 

We got the oink and chive pan fried dumplings (pork), a Mac and cheese egg roll, and the Far West wontons which came with a honey bourbon BBQ sauce (the wontons are filled with chipotle turkey bacon cheeseburger). They were all delicious! The oink and chive dumplings were flavorful and tasted even better dipped in the roasted garlic soy sauce we got on the side. The Mac and cheese egg roll was also a winner. I dipped this in the roasted garlic soy sauce as well which was a great combination. The wontons were crispy and crunchy. 

The fellows at the food truck were very friendly and our service was fast. 

If I could give this place 6 stars, I totally would. I can't wait to go to the food truck in University City!
This is another food truck that was at my apartment in Cherry Hill, NJ. The person that ran the truck was super helpful and extremely friendly. They had 3 different types of dumplings, then a speciality dumpling and truffle fries that they're known for. I wasn't in the mood for fries so I ended up just doing the pork and chicken dumplings. 

I have to say, they were phenomenal. From the look, they look like perogies, but don't be fooled they taste just like dumplings. The Chicken came with a special type of sauce and then the pork ones you used soy sauce. The were fried perfectly and had great flavor. Also, great size so 10 total dumplings was enough food to fill me for dinner. 

I thought they both were really good. I hope they come back here soon so I can try the truffle fries next.
I like this concept but think there's still some work to do. Want to give them the benefit of the doubt though because I experienced them at the StrEAT Food Fest so not the usual day-to-day. The biggest issue with service on that day is that so many people were getting the big combos and that basically shut down the truck for all other orders until those were out. Order taking dude kept apologizing for the wait and it wasn't too big of a deal, just not well thought out to offer something that would cripple the truck at a festival.

We ended up getting the truffle fries and 2 rolls - 1 cheesesteak and 1 crab mac n cheese. Fries came out first and were a little underwhelming. The sauces and seasonings were good, there just wasn't enough of them at all. You can see from my pic that there's barely any sauce drizzle so it was mostly fries. Def could've been better.

The roll fillings were also very underseasoned. The crab mac n cheese was super bland and I tasted 0 crab whatsoever. That filling was desperately screaming for at least some salt, it just really didn't have much of a flavor besides cheese blah to speak of. The cheesesteak was better than the mac but it was still lacking in the seasoning department. The outside of the rolls were great - nice and crispy.

I chatted with the order guy while we were waiting and was asking about the truck and whatnot, so I know they are still relatively new to the ballgame here. The food was ok but def not sweep me off my feet or anything. Would def give them another try under a non-festival setting for sure!
If it's your first time here, then order the sampler! You'll get the opportunity to try all of their hits, Mac and cheese spring roll to the western fried dumpling.  Their unique rolls really make the experience, but their average dumpling isn't anything too special. (I have had fresh dumplings  with homemade dough, so i hold the bar high for authenticity.) The sauce on the French fries is delicious, but the fries were a little undercook - most likely due to the line.  Service was a little, but the worker are friendly and very accommodating to everyone's order.  For a food truck, it is great fried food with a lot of new fun things to try with a twist. Definitely worth the experience at least once!
My husband and I had our first DUMPNROLL experience at the Food Truck Frenzy at the Neshaminy Mall. The event was from 11-4pm, we arrived there around 2:30 and we were sad to see there were only 2 choices of dumplings left and fries (no rolls). 
We tried the oink and chive dumplings and made it a combo for a few bucks more. We enjoyed the dumplings and tore up the fries! The fries were crispy and so flavorful. If they go back in September, hopefully we can try the sampler and get more fries! 
The owner is really friendly and I'm glad they made it out there in the 105°+ weather.
Aw, I'm so sorry to give a bad review on a place with excellent ratings. Maybe it was a bad batch?! Everything I had was fried so much that I didn't get to REALLY taste it. The Mac and Cheese egg roll was so/so, the cheeseburger dumpling was best defined as barely edible. The one saving grace was the truffle fries but considering price to product and it was a solid 'frowner'. My friend agreed. She didn't enjoy most of her food either. WOMP WOMP.
A food truck serving dumplings and egg rolls (all fried) is a must-try concept, so when I saw the truck from across the courtyard at the new Gloucester Outlets, I had to check it out. The staff is incredibly friendly and I enjoyed chatting with them while I waited for my order to come up (I was the only one braving the frigid temperatures to eat that day).

Since I was Christmas shopping with my mom, I convinced her that we should share the combo, which promised two egg rolls, six assorted dumplings (two each of three kinds, to make it easy to share), an order of their truffle fries, and a drink for $18. I thought the veggie dumpling and the pork and chive dumpling were both tasty morsels (3 bites each), but the standout was the cheeseburger dumpling. Yummy! The beef and cheese went very well with the fried shell, and I gobbled it up without even dipping it in a sauce. We split both a pork roll and a Vietnamese spring roll, both of which were great with the provided BBQ and sweet chili sauces, respectively. The fries were just fine--the sauce only yielded a tiny hint of truffle oil (although it was still delicious).

The biggest downside to the meal overall was that even though the combo was advertised as shareable, only one drink comes with the order! It was cheap to add an extra drink, but it was odd to me that two drinks wouldn't be included for a combo meant for two people.
So i attended the Rowan University Anime Convention last year a few things to note...
The food here was absolutely dreadful i dont know anyone with the audacity to sell 3 really tiny thin rolls of mac and cheese with a tiny bit of meat inside for $13 they better dam be the best food on earth at those prices (Considering the school cafeteria food gave me a foot long sub filled with meat and veggies for less then half the cost with a free large 32 oz drink included and a side of cheese fries $6..)

The food here is trying to cash in on a gimmick which doesnt even taste good. Initially i was excited to try something new but as soon as i took my first bite i threw the entire container out. The two guys running the whole operation were kind and polite even told me their back story and how they became a food truck, but the thing is we are on yelp to search for quality cheap food not to hear a story.
Most importantly, the food was delicious. I had the veggie dumplings, pork & chive dumplings, and the macheesy roll. The truck was in the Navy Yard at the time. Service was friendly and prompt. My only criticism is the homemade poster menu board. Neither me nor the other people in line could make sense of it! There's a line that said something like, "Just say #1 or #2 and we'll take care of it." But I think most people just want to look at a menu and know how to pick from it...
I got to try these guys a food truck fest in the Poconos and I was not at all disappointed in my selection. 

First off the line for this truck was constant,I had to wait till the second day to actually get to try their food. The smell coming from the vehicle drew in everyone that attended. On top of that, the window guy was a proper sales man who knew how to work customers, make them feel great, and advise them on how to get the best experience from the truck. 

Being short on funds I only ordered the Piggy & Chive dumpings and the Truffle fries. Both were flavorful and filling. It was clear what the ingredients in the filling were, the dumpings were crisp, but not too oily, and the fries were adequately sauced. Speaking of the sauces, this is where this place really shined. That truffle aioli deal, that is the sauce that I want to eat every single time I eat french fries. They also make a roasted garlic soy sauce, fantastic. It was so much more than normal soy sauce. There was ginger, vinegar, almost a touch sweet from the garlic in it, yeah, that's the kind of sauce that I want to eat with every dumpling and every spring roll for the rest of my life. 

In short, are these the absolute best dumplings and truffle fries I have ever ate, maybe not, they used frozen fries and the best dumplings I ever had live in the town beside me, BUT, was it still delicious? YES. Do I want to eat that truffle aioli on everything? Obviously! Do I want to try everything else on their menu? Absolutely, it was a fun menu! And most importantly, would I eat here again? This is the kind of place that I would be a regular at if I lived in their area. The sauces and the services and the food too all combine and make this a 5/5 food truck!
Been following these guys since they had their first interview in fox. But I finally had the pleasure of enjoying their sample platter at Rock allegiance. Mac and cheese spring rolls was to die for. Literally I felt my arteries clogging...but if I did die I'd die happy. The dumplings each were nicely wrapped and the dough to filling ratio was near perfect.  My only criticism is the inside of the vegi dumpling needed more seasoning. My fave was the cheese burger fried dumplings. LOVE YOU GUYS!!
Just checked in at honey fest at Bartrams garden. Pete the owner was fantastic
My son nailed the Mac and cheese egg roll. Loved it and the cheeseburger dumpling. 
The truffle fries were awesome. One of the best fries we ever had!!  We got the sampler. Two of each dumplings if this truck is near you. Run don't walk to it. 
Great guys and terrific food.   We are hooked. 
Thanks Pete. Great work and good luck
Smoked truffle fries are so good! The service was also fantastic!! The owner was so friendly. He came out out and shook our hands and gave us free truffle fries. We also ordered the mixed platter. You MUST try the Mac n cheese egg roll. Everything we ate here was so flavorful.
Mo - Dump N Roll. Please take the time to familiarize yourself with these guys. On the way to the festival I looked through their online menu and automatically knew this was where I was going. Yes, my name is Maurice and I'm an addict of all food Asian. I was super anxious to get a chance to shoot my shot and it was a wet Steph Curry splash. The owner Peter Tong and his larger than life personality is a story in itself, but blessing us with basically a 4 person dumpling sampler was the perfect introduction for me. We were given the vegetable and pork dumplings, crab rangoon, and a chipotle turkey bacon cheeseburger tempura wonton all with accompanying sauces, out of which the roasted garlic soy was my favorite. As good as every offering was for some reason the vegetable dumpling stood out the most. The veggies were sautéed and cooked in an Asian soy wash, wrapped in wontons, steamed and then pan-fried. They were a major key and I'm grateful *Dj Khaled voice*.

Jamiel -  Dump N Roll--which is, in my opinion, the premier dumpling truck in the world. As the kids say, these dumplings bang. We talked with the owner Peter while tasting everything on the menu and it was basically a spiritual retreat. Each dumpling has its own combination of perfect flavors. My favorite of the bunch was the Crab Rangoon Wonton. Creamy and hearty and hella flavorful: so damn good I wish I could become crab rangoon. The mac and cheese spring roll was fantastic too and made me consider quitting my day job to become a full-time dumpling and spring roll taster. Needless to say, Dump N Roll gets six thumbs up out of two.
Fantastic! Great food, good prices and really awesome staff! They claim their fries will change your life, and I have to agree with them! They are amazing!! So fresh and delicious and I don't know what the secret sauce is that they put on top is, other than ahmazing! The egg rolls are great, love the cheesesteak! Pulled pork spring rolls are also delish! Will definitely be back!
Believe the hype ... The food is all that dim sum . 

I wasn't sure what to try , so I sampled EVERYTHING. The truffles fries are amazing , the Mac and cheese egg roll was phenomenal and every dumpling was equally amazing. 

FYI ... I met one of the owners , Peter, at a honey festival in Philadelphia. He was passionate, humble, funny, personable and a true asset to his business. I hope to see Dump N Roll in Philadelphia more often, if not, I will drive to them (it's worth it)
Over rated!!! What a sham they call them-self the best dumping and egg rolls!! I think how they got so many good review was to hand out a little yellow voucher for a "come back free meal" if you give them a review!! I am just not that kind of people looking for bad free meals. 

Truffle fries are good and always good(else where)!
Fried dumplings are unique with unusual filling but not like heavenly good, and be honest the fillings were dry and tasteless and the skin was so thick! A good dumpling should have very thin skin just like those Michelin star restaurants.

The mac n cheese spring roll was the worst, dry and no flavor and heavy, had a bite and wasted the rest. 

I ordered the sampler platter which comes with 5 dry dumpling+the mac n cheese roll+truffle fries, paid with card and cost me $19. For that price i am looking for something heavenly delicious!! But i am sorry you guys are good at marketing but not cook! Any asian restaurants server better fried dumpling for cheaper price.
I had the truffle fries and pork dumplings with chives and the food arrived promptly despite the large crowds at the second street festival. Everything tasted delicious at a low price so I will definitely eat at this truck again if I see it at a future event.
Checked them out at the Sea Isle City food truck fest. The workers were up beat, friendly, and very helpful. I had the pork dumplings, crab Rangoon, and the pad Thai egg roll. Everything was delicious and I'll definitely be back for more!
I was walking down Market Street on my way home today and noticed something different out of the corner of my eye...a brand new dumpling food truck! From what I've read, DumpnRoll is filling a gap in Philadelphia's food truck scene by specializing in dumplings. Since I'd already had lunch (it was 330pm), I only ordered a Thai iced tea. It was pretty plain, but since I didn't ask for sugar I cannot fault them for that. I had a nice short chat with Peter, the owner, who gave me the drink on the house since it was their first day in University City. I am looking forward to coming back to try the actual dumplings and give a comprehensive review update!
Dump n roll is the best food truck i have had. Ever! They come to my apartment complex every few weeks and I always, always, always order at least $40 worth from them! The garlic dipping sauce is incredible! The dumplings are delicious and the truffle fries are to die for !!! I was a little skeptical on the chzbrger wonton but that was amazing too! 

Highly recommend this place and I will be telling everyone about it :)
I happened to come across these guys while visiting a customer and boy am I glad I did!  At first I was a bit taken back by the price, $13-ish for a take three sampler, but boy was I pleasantly surprised when it arrived. The serving side was HUGE and well worth the price. 

I had the pork, chicken, & far west (cheeseburger) and they were fantastic. If you see these guys I suggest grabbing a bite.
Tried their food truck in Jersey City, NJ and it was a great experience.  Food was awesome and the staff was super friendly.  I got some tempura bacon burger thing with parmesan cheese fries and it was excellent.  Would take the trip to philly to try everything else
It's a dumpling food truck, what more could you ask for? I loved the fried chicken dumplings but the veggie one was kind of weird. They are a bit on the oily side, but hey, sometimes you just gotta treat yourself.
So there's a stellar little food truck in existence, founded and owned by this guy named Peter, and you should definitely check it out when you can, or make the trip from where you are (assuming it's somewhere in Philly *or* the Greater Philly area).

stellar (adj.) - relating to a star or stars.

From the outset, the truck itself makes a bold statement, and just radiates light and energy and good vibes. DNR was one of the primary shining stars at the annual 2nd Street Festival in NoLibs this past Sunday. During a period of about four hours, I worked my way down and ate all of the things. From curds to pierogies to spurritos, I almost had to be wrapped in a tarp and rolled out in 90+ degree heat. To be honest, all of the foods I sampled were fabulous. But Dump-N-Roll had been on my Yelp radar for ages. I saved them for last on purpose. I wish I hadn't, because all I could manage were the smoked truffle fries, which I shared with my sister. 

The order was bountiful. And omfg. These fries were legit glowing morsels of goodness in the crispiest and crunchiest of ways. Truffletastic stars in their own right, slathered generously with an addictive af garlic aioli. If you have a truffle fetish like yours truly, this is exactly what you need in your life! A smattering of parm shreds added another layer of flavor and subtle sharpness, cutting the richness of the aioli. Nicely balanced!

Peter himself is a star with a boatload of personality and DNR is such a clear extension of who he is. It's a bright and vibrant little hub, unlikely to ever get lost in the crowd. The folks here are dishing out nibbles that'll keep you (and me!) coming back for more. 

I think the idea here is to try multiple things at once, which I'll do next visit. My sis (who I was with that day) has a sensitive stomach, though, so an option for steamed dumplings would be much appreciated.
I was very pleased with he menu choices. Crab Mac-n-cheese egg rolls, and pork and chive dumplings were in my order, but then the chef suggested the fried pork. I thought that the texture of the egg rolls was spot on. Crunchy and flaky on the outside, and soft gooey mac-n-cheese on the inside. Crab mac n cheese was my egg roll of choice, but I see why the savory fried pork is a crowd favorite. The dumplings were pretty average, I would like them more if they were steamed, but I realize that this is a truck. In cold weather the dumplings went cold quickly because they were in an open topped tray. It would be better if they at least had a lid.
We just happened upon them while shopping at the outlets in blackwood nj. We got the sampler for 2 with the smoked truffle fries. ABSOLUTELY AMAZING FOOD. Wish we got a sampler for 4....
I'm not one for the trendy food scene, I think fads come and go. THAT BEING SAID, these dumplings are far from any trendy food that will fade away with time. All these guys need is more people to try thier food and they will continue to blow up.

It's nice to see people with passion about thier products, not guys just trying to make a buck.  The Asian guy that took my order was so Amped that I was trying a couple different things, he actually waited to see my reaction afterwards. Pretty awesome bunch of guys

Btw, I had the cheeseburger wonton and the Oink and chive dumplings with the garlic fries. As you can tell by the review they were beyond expectations. The wonton wasn't uber greasy and the dipping sauce was stupid good.

The pork and chive dumpling was delicious, the only thing overshadowing it was the really tasty dumpling sauce. I recommend enjoying one before the sauce because there is no turning back after.
So I stopped by this inconspicuously parked truck on the way to sushi dinner. And there was a line so I decided to get a non-sushi appetizer and I'm glad I did. I had the burger dumplings and the chicken dumplings. The food was absolutely incredible and in so glad that I tried. My finance and I devoured it and wanted more. Price is great and I hope these guys do great
Thank you Pete. My daughter and I really liked the mac and cheese roll.  And thank you again for the excellent wonton. The meat was well done and the cheese was just right.  Looking forward to coming to your truck again.
Holy moly! You have to try the truffle fries and the bacon cheeseburger wonton! My mouth is still watering from all the flavor.
Most of the fillings are a bit too heavy and dense for me - I'm a traditional dumpling lover. They weren't bad the few that I tried, but then again it's difficult to go wrong with cheeseburger and deep fried. I'm loving the fusion they're doing though, with their unconventional fillings and non-dumpling offerings.
Really enjoyed the flavors we had today. They were in Perkasie and suggested the sampler which was awesome. My wife loved the Mac n cheese roll as well as the Philly cheesesteak roll. I really enjoyed the fried bacon cheeseburger wonton as well as the pork dumplings. We both loved the truffle fries.
The best food.!  We always look forward to Pete's food. Best fries and dumplings. The service is by far the best very friendly and quick. Well worth the drive to wherever Dump N Roll is. If you haven't tried Pete's food you really don't know what your missing. Dump N Roll is awesome dim sum!!!!
The food here is ridiculously amazing and no that's not hyperbole. This place is legit and you can tell they care about what they're making. The owner is also really friendly and a great guy. Will absolutely be back
Got me the FAMOUS Cheeseburger Wonton!! SHIT WAS BANGING, it was only 5pcs but I share with my Coworkers they actually went to go one for themselves :) AMAZING!!! Be back for more.
So glad we were able to catch them at the Neshaminy Food Truck Frenzy! Peter's personality alone is definitely worth another visit. He is so great with his customers and if you show them some love on Yelp, Facebook, or other social media he may hook you up on your next visit. 
I ordered the deluxe sampler which included everything on the menu good enough for 2 people. I love, love, love the truffle fries with the garlic aioli! All of the sauces are flavorful and complimens each item. The holy phuc wonton was bomb with the honey bourbon bbq sauce. Always a great experience! Best food truck there hands down with their food menu AND customer service! Get to this truck early you wouldn't want to have them run out of any items. 
I rated before but loved it so much I decided to do an update of this experience.
I'm amazed at just how disappointed I am by today's lunch. Why don't I just toss it up as rubbish and move on with my day? Mainly because I only had $10 in cash at the NoLibs 2nd Street Fair to spend on food and $6 of that $10 was, basically, wasted leaving me feeling unsatisfied.

I thought that the Dan Dan Noodles sounded really good because I adore those noodles at Han Dynasty. Well, not all Dan Dan Noodles are created equal. DumpnRoll's version was made with Raman Noodles (the packaged kind you get for 50 cents with the flavor packet- and they could have benefited, greatly from the flavor packet). Do you know those tiny, foil packets are like silver dollars in jail? Learned that from OITNB. Anyway, the Raman were topped with shredded carrot, mini cucumber batons, slivered scallions, black sesame seeds and served with a small container of mildly spicy peanut sauce. I asked for hot sauce, but they did not have any which dumbfounded me as Asian food is always offered with Sriracha or chili oil.

The Raman Noodles were cooked to, almost, mush. The veggies atop were fresh & crisp. The sauce, although it offered some heat, was extraordinarily bland and not quite enough for all the noodles. I thought that the amount of sauce was the cause of its tastelessness, so I returned to the truck, now ravenous, and requested another container of sauce which I enthusiastically emptied onto the noodles.

I was so voracious, I ate half of them, flavorless, in all their squishy splendor. Now here I am with a belly fully of Raman and $4..
I am in love with this truck!!! The guys working on it were so fun and enthusiastic.  The truffle fries are AMAZING!!! I also enjoyed the mac and cheese egg rolls and cheeseburger dumplings! Everything was sooooo good! Hoping to see them again at Pennsauken's Bite Night!
My first experience with DumpNRoll was this Spring at Manayunk StrEATS. Some beer drinking lead to the hunt for some tasty food. At this particular festival, DumpNRoll had a manayunk special: bacon cheese burger wantons with a strawberry dipping sauce. The best I can describe it is Chinese food stuffed with American food... and it is glorious... a couple months later at the dollar stroll on Baltimore ave their truck popped up... And the sampler for two was tried. It's a little of everything plus truffle fries and sauces. I can now say I highly recommend it all. And friendly excellent service.
Dump and Roll catered our HS graduation party last weekend. They did a fantastic job!  Dumplings, philly CS egg rolls and mac n cheese rolls were great. Salad and spicy peanut noodle salad were both off the charts! Guys were very accommodating, friendly and great with our guests. Big hit and highly recommended!
Slammin' truffle fries and macheese roll to die for, this is my all time fav beer and food pairing @locustlanebrewing
Had an amazing Mac & Cheese roll and truffle fries at Night Market in South Philly. Just amazing. It was the last thing we ate that night, and may have been the best. Peter is an amazing soul, and he and his crew put together some seriously tasty food. Get it in yer bellah right now!
Seriously the fried dumpling I've ever had!  Don't skip this line anywhere!!!  Had them at a food truck festival and I need to seek them out everywhere!
As a fellow food truck, we traded pizza for Dump 'N' Roll's sampler and an order of truffle fries. Best trade we've had in a while! Wildly delicious, flavorful eats accompanied with prompt, friendly service. I haven't heard of an event whereby Dump N Roll didn't exceed expectations. Lovely work!
I got to meet Peter and check out the Dump N Roll truck at the latest Night Market. I got the Far West dumplings and they were delicious! I'm looking forward to finding future events with the Dump N Roll truck. Really great food and Peter and his crew were super welcoming and friendly. Thanks!
Great sauces.  Spring rolls are awesome. Plus these guys are a blast. Chili oil is great.
Went to this food truck at the laurita winery event and their fries were crispier than a brand new $100 bill. The guys were super friendly and funny. Would definitely recommend everything there especially after an unecsaary amount of sangria. 10/10
As far as specialty food trucks go, Dump-N-Roll is the one I hear about the most from friends. So I was glad to finally try them today.

I got the Far West cheeseburger wontons. I felt that the price was reasonable compared to most food trucks, $10 for a five-piece order. The only drawback was I thought the fried outside was a little greasier than I had anticipated, but overall, still very tasty. I also got their smoked truffle fries - whatever they use to make that garlic aioli stand out from other spreads like that, I'm a fan of it!
Great addition at the Anglesea Night Market. We shared a sampler that had 2 each of 4 different dumplings and a a Mac n Cheese roll that was the Best innovative Mac n Cheese I've ever had. The Dumplings were all flavorful and cooked perfectly. Last but not least the Fries mm mm mmm.
Went there for the food truck festival and their Mac and cheese roll is awesome! Their  truffle fries are BOMB as well. The people are really friendly too! I will definitely have to find them each time they are in the area!!
To date my favorite food truck of all time! Their food is so good! You can tell that it is hand made and fresh every time. The guys who run the truck are top notch and down to earth. They are the first truck I look for at any food truck festival I go to. Would have to say that the chicken dumplings are my favorite but the Margherita egg roll is a very close second...might I also add that their garlic soy sauce is bangin?  These guys definitely get a thumbs up for sure!  keep doing what your doing guys!
I had veggie dumplings and pad Thai spring roll combo. It was really good. It was fresh and I loved the sauce. The service was pretty quick.
Love it here. This is one of the better food trucks to visit 30th Street Station. The pork and chive dumplings are perfectly oily, but not too greasy. As a sucker for mac and cheese, the mac n cheese spring roll was an awesome addition. They make it really easy to mix and match whatever you want, and the serving size is generous. The customer service shouldn't go unnoticed - everyone is helpful and the order came up quickly. Great Philly food truck!
New to the Philly area and hadn't heard about Dump N Roll, but they were one of the food trucks that came to our corporate business area to serve lunch. I chose them because 1) there were a lot of people ordering from them and 2) they don't have a brick and mortar I could easily just go to.

I ordered the sampler deluxe and only liked the truffle garlic fries and the cheeseburger wontons. I was even a little disappointed with the fries because of the sparse amount of garlic aioli on it. It was drizzled on the top so the bottom 3/4 didn't get any loving. I had it packed to go, but I should have checked before I left the area to ask for more aioli. My fault. 

I love mac and cheese and have had it in an eggroll before, but you have to start with a good mac & cheese which I didn't find to be the case for this version. Too salty, too much nutmeg (I think it's nutmeg I'm tasting) and not enough cheese sauce to keep the inside creamy. I'm looking at other peoples' pictures and some have gooey eggrolls - really wish mine had turned out that way too to redeem it a little bit!

The chicken dumplings were average. You can get the same ones or better in the frozen section of an Asian market. Just pan fry them and you'll get the same effect. The roasted garlic soy dipping sauce was very tasty though - can't get that in the market!

I didn't care for the perogies either. They were flat like a quesadilla and barely had any filling in them. And because they were only serving 4 dumpling types, this is the one they decided to double up on... and then I ordered a deluxe sampler... so I got 4 of these! LOL!

At the end, I ended up just eating half of it and really wanted to drink some hot tea to wash away all the oil.

If I were to order food from them again in the future, it would probably just be their truffle fries.
Had their sampler platter at the food truck festival at Monmouth racetrack yesterday and everything was delicious!! Cant wait to see them again. Would totally use them for a party if I had one also
I had this for the first time about a year ago at Neshimany Creek Brewery and it was amazing!! I found out they would be at a food truck festival today and came just for their dumplings! Just as good as I remember.
Got to try their cheeseburger wonton and I gotta say, it was incredible! Great taste, with an even better dipping sauce. Definitely give it a try!
I ate at the food truck for lunch yesterday and really enjoyed the variety and unusual options offered by Dump N Roll! The man working the food truck was very helpful and personable. The only reason I'm not giving the full 5 stars is because I don't think they give enough food for the price. Myself and a coworker split the sampler for two and both had to go order more food from another place because we were still hungry. The sampler for two is probably enough food for one person, but at $18 that's a pricey lunch from a food truck. Overall I enjoyed the experience just wish I left full!
Wow!! Heard the hype for over 2 years from friends, families and reviews. Finally got the opportunity catch them at wissahickon brewery today. Phil and Reggie gave me the best customer experience from a food truck ever!! The food was absolutely amazing!! I got the deluxe sampler and tasted everything. Mac and cheese eggroll was of the highest quality. The tempura bacon cheeseburger wonton was one of the best thing I've ever eaten... SERIOUSLY!!! The traditional dumplings are on point and the roasted garlic soy took it to the next level.. last but not least.. those Smoked truffle fries are to die for!!! Hot and crispy fries with parmesan, scallion and roasted garlic aioli... Out of this world!! 

Highly recommend them to everyone for an experience  worth chasing after! Can't wait for my next fix.

Keep up the good work guys!!
This truck is full of life! The pop graffiti art and the co-owner serving it up- all full of energy. Really makes you appreciate the flavors and explained them with passion. Delicious! Try the sauces!!!
The mac n cheese roll is amazing! The truffle fries are my new favorite thing. I loved how friendly and outgoing the staff is. Such a fun, delicious experience!
When my fiancé and I saw the sign that Dump-N-roll was going to be at our apartment complex again a huge smile came to our faces. Their fries are to die for, as is all of their dumplings! I recommend their for 2 sampler. If I could give any advice,  their for 2 sampler is not enough for two people! Get two of em cause because they are so good. Also great price for the variety and amount. !
Great dumplings!  Very flavorful, and they come with really good sauces for dipping.  Definitely worth checking out
The sampler pack was great! got to try em all. loved the far west wonton. the fries were amazing. and omg the mac n cheese roll. overall all the flavors were just wonderful. thanks for the great dinner!
I'm on my way to Dump-N-Roll for the second time. The guys that work the truck are awesome and the food is super tasty. It comes out fast and hot. My only criticism is it can be a little pricey for someone looking for a regular lunch meal (Most likely more than $10 and sometimes closer to $15) but it's worth it to get good dumplings from a cool company.
We saw this food truck at the neshaminy mall food truck event. We walked passed and I smelled these amazing truffle fries. I had to try them and they didn't disappoint!! I also had the pulled pork egg roll, it was good but was a little burnt and dry  and the macaroni and cheese egg roll was amazing.  Try them out!
Luckily this truck frequents my business complex every month during the good weather seasons. I had the veggie dumplings and truffle fries, both of which were awesome. These guys are a nice change of pace from the typical chesesteak, pulled pork, pizza you can commonly find with trucks in our area. Definitely recommend everyone gives them a try!
Got some dumplings at phoenixville food truck fest, the veggie ones are great and got an extra one to boot!
Some of the best egg rolls that I have had.  Definitely get the sampler platter to try it all.
The smoked truffle fried were the best French fries I've ever had! They aren't your basic frozen fries with salt added to them. The truffle sauce and the scallions make the fries! I'm glad they aren't located near me, I'd eat here once a week!
April 26,2016 I saw this truck outside my alma mater, Central High School, and tried it out. I have to say I was thoroughly satisfied with my order, the fries and dumplings. THE FRIES ARE FUCKING BOMB! They did receive best fries award and they proved it to me. I even took my friend's fries. The chicken dumpling was an interesting combo (fried dumpling with chicken inside) and the sauce that complements it. Pricing is understandable as the Asian dude (I did not get his name, I think Peter Tong) says they are planning to get a lease/rent in maybe 15 months. He is also an extremely sociable dude and understands talking to people is important. Highly recommended for catering since majority of their menu seems to be appetizers. Please be sure to try them out and help make another person's dream come true.
Dump N Roll has officially visited Temple University and I wish the truck as well as the charming cashier/manager would stay for good! I ordered the fried dumplings with burger inside and a side of honey bbq sauce. I also recieved complimentary garlic truffle fries which suprised my tastebuds. The customer service was both fast and extremely friendly! Hopefully next time I will catch the truck sooner before their most popular menu items are sold out. Thanks for the great meal!
-Samantha
Went to the Peddler' s Village Food and Music festival and was able to try out this food truck. Fries were delicious!
I just had the opportunity to try Dump n Roll for the first time and I was really impressed. I had a large sampler of dumplings, rolls and fries. Man oh man - every bite was amazing. I ate way too much but couldn't stop. Keep up the great work!
Believe the hype ... The food is all that dim sum . 

I wasn't sure what to try , so I sampled EVERYTHING. The truffles fries are amazing , the Mac and cheese egg roll was phenomenal and every dumpling was equally amazing. 

FYI ... The owner "Peter" is passionate, humble, personable and a true asset to his business. I hope to see Dump N Roll in Philadelphia more often, if not, I will drive to them (it's worth it)
Dump-N-Roll is a food truck that gets its name from what it serves: dumplings and spring rolls. It's a roaming food truck that doesn't have a specific location, but participates in a lot of weekly food truck events in and outside the city. This month, you can find them in LOVE Park every Wednesday during the Lunch in LOVE program.

Now I'm no expert on dumplings or spring rolls, but I've never had a bad experience with either. They have a lot of different options on their menu to choose from, all of which include a description to let you know what you're getting. I wasn't sure what to get at first but when I saw their Sample Platter, which includes serving options for one or two people, I figured this would be a good place to start. At $14.00, it might seem a little pricey to some, but the amount of food you're served more than makes up for it. I placed my order and was served after about five minutes or so.

When sat down to eat and opened the box, I couldn't believe how much food there was! I mean I knew it was a sampler, but I never expected this much! I got six dumplings in total: three of the Infamous "Piggy" and three of the Veggies in Heaven. The Infamous "Piggy" contains pork and chives (hence the name), and the Veggies in Heaven is a combination of seasonal veggies, glass noodles, and exotic mushrooms. In addition to the dumplings, I got the original spring roll and a side of truffle fries. The dumplings were perfect. Soft enough that they melt in your mouth, but just crispy enough on the outside. The truffle fries were some of the best I've ever had, and appear to be a favorite among guests. You're also given access to as much soy sauce as you want, which is a great addition to the dumplings and spring rolls.

Dump-N-Roll has a few other dumplings and spring rolls on their menu in addition to the ones I got with my order. There's the Chick-A-Palooza, which consists of chicken, veggies, and spices, and a specialty dumpling called the Holy Phuc Wonton. The description for the Holy Phuc Wonton reads "award-winning tempura turkey bacon cheese burger wonton". I haven't tried it yet, but that sounds awesome right off the bat. They also have a spring roll called the Ooey-Gooey Mac, which is a spring roll stuffed with mac and cheese.

Like I said earlier, Dump-N-Roll can be found in LOVE Park every Wednesday of this month from 11:00am to 3:00pm. Next Month, they'll be spending their Wednesdays at the Porch at 30th Street Station. They participate in a lot of other food truck events in the area and even offer catering services for private events. The best way to keep track of their whereabouts is through their website, which has a listing of all the events they'll be participating in over the next few months.

If you're a fan of dumplings, spring rolls, or both, Dump-N-Roll is a food truck that you definitely need to check out. If it's your first time, I highly recommend the sampler to get a full taste of what they're all about and to try their one-of-a-kind truffle fries.
Mmmmm. I've been wanting to try this food truck for awhile, and finally got to tonight at the Night Market. I got the oink and chive dumplings and they were soo good, the filling was perfectly seasoned and the dough was really yummy. I will definitely go again and try more things on the menu. It's hard to go wrong with dumplings.  Also, the prices weren't bad, I was full after eating 3 and I ordered 6.
Good food for when you're on the run or drunk as hell. Got the secret menu dumpling and it was amazing. So glad I got this.
Had the Pad Thai spring roll at AC Food Truck and am so impressed! These guys really know how to do it right!
This is the go to place for dumplings in philly, find em and go u won't be disappointed
This food truck visits my place of employment from time to time, which is nice! The staff seems friendly, but their wait times can be a little long. (Granted, we have a lot of employees but I feel as though they never really prep enough for the volume despite having been here a few times by now.)

I'm also a vegetarian and I'll admit that the vegetarian dumplings are a little underwhelmed (they're a bit under seasoned). Also on some menus they crab rangoons are marked as vegetarian, but crab meat isn't vegetarian....?

The Mac and cheese rolls and truffle fries are AMAZING though. They can be rich, but you have to know that going in with those names, ha!

Edit: I had another order recently from there, and be sure to tell them you're a vegetarian/vegan, especially if you're ordering with someone who eats meat. They mixed our food together and now I can't eat anything I ordered.
Dump-N-Roll had escaped me for months before I tracked them down at the Navy Yard food truck fest. They were absolutely worth the wait. I went with the sampler, and it was a baller choice. The moment I bit into the Mac N Cheese Eggroll was as sweet as the time I saw my first pair of boobs. Each dumpling has succulent meat that I could not wait to put in my mouth. It was a generous portion for the cost, and I recommend them highly. The dipping sauce was good. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because I reserve 5 stars for food so good it knocks me unconscious.
Dump n rolls is great and my favorite dimsum  food truck. Love there chikapalooza and piggy n chives dumplings. I always look for them in street food festivals and concert venues. They also have a veggie option and their truffle fries are amazing.
DumpnRoll was absolutely fabulous!  Had their vegetarian dumplings today, and the flavor was what stood out to me.  You get a nice amount of dumplings with the order, but I wanted more.  #CantMiss
Got to meet these guys at a food truck event in NE, I'm glad we stopped at the truck. My wife is Asian so I very judgmental when it comes to any Asian food lol that being said .. it was awesome. The truffle fries are a must .. we got the sampler for 2 .. it fed 3. I would frequent dump n roll
Amazing food! As vegetarians we struggled to find food that would accommodate our dietary needs. Dump-n-roll exceeded our expectations providing a meal that was within your food guidelines as well as being extremely delicious! Great customer service. Authentic yet innovative.
I had the pleasure of trying this truck at a wine, beer, and liquor tasting in Phoenixville. I had the truffle fries, chicken dumplibgs, and the mac and cheese roll. The food was good! I will definitely visit again. I loved the dumplings and the sauce was good a little too much vinegar floor for my taste but I know that's a main ingredient so I don't mind it too much. The guy taking orders was very friendly and even made a few jokes he even was thankful I was being honest because he gave me two orders of fries and I only ordered one. I was a little disappointed because I ordered 8 dumplings but only received 7  .. But in their defense they were very busy and the food was good so I decided to not say anything. Overall I had a great experience here aside from my missing dumpling.
The garlic aioli fries were some of the best fries I've ever had. So good, I went back for another order, and wound up ordering dumplings for the first time in my life. Every single style that was in the sampler was delicious. I could drink a cup of the garlic soy sauce. After trying this, I'm going to keep an eye out for this truck whenever it's in the neighborhood. Do yourself a favor and try it.
I'm a little on the fence with this truck. I work at 30th street and have visited this truck on several occasions. My mouth literally waters over their amazing smoked truffle fries, which I got this past week.. butttt they never have regular ketchup. The #1 condiment in the world and they don't have it.. gets me so mad. And the prices/menu options. It's the most confusing menu ever. I want to be able to mix and match, I don't want to have to commit to 5 of one thing. I would recommend the cheeseburger wonton's because they're amazing (if they're not sold out) buttt, I didn't get them because I don't want 5 pieces. 3 for $5.00 maybe?
