MMM I love me some Ed's. I hadn't eaten at Eds since lock down and I've missed their signature general tso pizza! (Yes, you read that right) 
Finally got me a slice and the foodie nostalgia just overwhelmed me while I shed foodie tears, enjoying every bite. Ordering fries took way longer than I expected and they were as good and crispy as I remember. Overall, I'm glad one of my fave college style eats is around and kicking.
I accidentally ordered a delivery to the wrong address outside of their delivery range and I was totally ready to eat the cost, but Eds called Yelp and got me a refund. So while I can't speak to the food, you should give these guys a shot for being bros.
Overpriced so-so food and horrible service. It took 20min AFTER placing my order for them to heat up my 1 slice of pizza. The lady at the register was also extremely rude and unhelpful. I asked for sauce to go with my wings and she completely disregarded me. 

I am boycotting Ed's for life.
Ed's recently started serving vegan pizza with Daiya vegan cheese and I cannot recommend it highly enough. It will absolutely blow you away as well as all of your non-veg friends. 

Definitely consider trying this sometime - it's all the flavor with none of the bloating and guilt after a pizza. 

Great for people with high blood pressure, cholesterol, and blood triglycerides as well as for diabetics.
Ed's delivery service is unreliable. Do not use your card to pay for your food. I recommend cash, so that you may refuse the food in case it arrives ice cold like my pizza. Ed's delivered the pie about 80 minutes after I ordered. .
Ok. A 2 star rating is not so much that I hate this place, but its for a certain experience I had here. I think the food is decent, especially the "Rana Middle Eastern" menu. This is probably my favorite pizza of the myriad Lancaster Ave pizza places, and the Ed's sauce wings do taste good.

So let me explain the rating, and why I don't come here any more: the last time I ate the wings here, I got delivery. I broke into my food and began eating. I got to my 3rd or 4th wing and I looked at it. It looked a bit off, like something was amiss. I looked more closely, and fried into the wing was a fly. It has soured the restaurant for me.
The food is whatever. It's convenient.

The new-ish woman at the front answering the phones, however, is INCREDIBLY rude.
I was thisclose from slapping her through the telephone.
I haven't eaten all day....you could just imagine how hungry I am. I just ordered and threw away my meal. Worst wings I've ever had, eds special sauce is horrible! Please don't even think about getting the stale cheese fries....very disappointed. Horrible!
Eds pizza never disappoints. Though ordering can be a bit of a wait due to long lines and seating is often limited, the food is always delicious. Personally, I always get a slice of BBQ chicken pizza- the best BBQ chicken pizza in the Drexel area (so dont waste your time or money going anywhere else). For side orders, I highly recommend the curly cheese fries. This order takes longer than most items on the menu but its definitely worth the wait. 

Overall, great place to dine when you don't feel like walking too far from campus and not in the mood to spend too much.
This is my another review since my old account doesn't work anymore. The best Chicken wings in town with the great service and reasonable prices. I've never regretted stumbling upon this place when I used to go to Drexel.
Again on my last trip to Philly in summer 2016, I wasn't disappointed either.
Thank you for having the best food.
Now I wished, i never moved from Philly.
Unbelievably terrible. Ordered 20 wings at 7:49pm and still hadn't received them MORE THAN 3 HOURS LATER at 11pm. Called the establishment once after 2 hours and was told that the delivery was just about to be sent out; they apologized and offered me a free soda. After another hour, I called again, was put on hold for 10 minutes, hung up on, and finally connected to a manager. I ended up canceling the order, and GrubHub graciously refunded my payment.

I get it: stuff happens, orders may be overwhelming, deliveries (especially in this weather) can be slow. However, it's utterly ridiculous that I had to wait more than 3 hours without any type of update whatsoever from the restaurant's end. When I called, the normal staff there were decently helpful, apologizing profusely and offering explanations. I could tell they were overworked and frazzled, and I felt for them. When the manager picked up, on the other hand, she was defensive and not cooperative at all. This place definitely needs a few pointers in customer service; never ordering from Ed's again and recommending others to avoid delivery from this place.
Wellll. It took 50 minutes for my delivery to arrive. Placed my order at 11:38pm and it arrived  around 12:30am for 1 cheese steak, a slice of cheese pizza and a basket of chicken tenders and a milkshake. That's a bit long in my opinion for those items.

Pizza: COLD. So was the delivery driver late, or did they lack to heat the food up, I don't know.
I didn't eat the other two items, BUT their saving grace was the chicken tenders!!
Super tender, juicy on the inside hot and crispy on the outside. That's the sole reason they have 3 stars instead of 2.
As a college student in the local area, I have gone to Ed's a little more than a handful of times in my first three years here. If you are looking to order a few slices, a milkshake, or maybe some wings, NEVER order online. I have ordered a total of three times online from their own website and grubhub and have been thoroughly disappointed each time. The deliveries were never on time (30 minutes to an hour late each time) and when I called to ask where my delivery was, every single time the woman or man would seemingly blow me off, say "it's coming.", and immediately hang up. Glad to see they care about my order and not give two cents for it being late. Of course when the food finally arrived, it was cold and I had lost my appetite. 


On the not so terrible note, if you actually call for pick up or physically go to the restaurant to order, they are relatively quick and get your food within 10 minutes. As far as the food goes, when it's not cold and old it's your typical college pizza joint. It's enjoyable if you're in the mood for it and the creative slice options they have pack some flavor. In addition, their slices are pretty big so you don't really leave still hungry, and they fit a college student's budget pretty alright.

I would give Ed's 3 stars if it weren't for their terrible service and how they treat customers over the phone. Out of principle, I won't be ordering from them again after getting pretty upset with one of my orders being 2 hours late and the woman who answered asking me what my problem was when I was calling to complain and cancel my order. However, at the end of the day, it's a popular college pizza place for Drexel students so they have to be doing something alright to get a decent amount of customers. Food is fine, online ordering service is terrible. I suggest ordering there or calling for pickup if you want food from them.
Out of all the pizza places near Drexel's campus Ed's is definitely the best. It's my go-to for quick takeout and consistently good pizza. The manager and staff here are super friendly and always fast even when crowded. Huge slices as well which is awesome. Also, delivery is really quick. They have good sandwiches, salads and fries if you're not looking for pizza. I definitely recommend this place!
You NEVER get what you ordered.  This place has good food but is absolutely terrible at bringing you what you asked for.  This has happened probably the last half dozen times we have ordered from here. This past time we waited over an hour for our food and out of the 3 items in the order none were correct.  They forget stuff, don't add toppings, or will flat out bring something completely different. I'm sick of their service, this last order reminded me why I stopped ordering from them months ago. Figured to give them another try, should have just stayed away. Lesson learned, won't be back.
I tried out Ed's for the first time last night after hearing they had vegan pizza.  I got the "Drexel Vegan," which has mushrooms and red onions.  It was not bad!  The soy cheese is very creamy.  I would have preferred a slightly higher sauce-to-cheese ratio, and better but fewer mushrooms (these were definitely from a can, and there was a ton of them), but we vegans can't afford to be as picky as our regular-pizza-eating counterparts.  

As for atmosphere, it's a typical grungy pizza joint with flies buzzing around (it was a warm night so they had the front door propped open,  but I have a feeling the flies are there even when the door's closed).  They do have an enormous flat screen tv, for whatever that's worth.  The employees are very pleasant.  I'm something of a germaphobe, so I wouldn't have gone in if I hadn't known about the vegan pizza, but again, vegans sometimes can't afford to be very choosy.  

My favorite aspect of the decor is the big sign in the bathroom that says "Please do not throw tissue in the toilet.  Please use wastebasket. We will check!"  I love the final threat.  So ominous... but what do they mean?? I have so many questions: Do they really go into the bathroom after each customer to check that the paper products have been properly disposed of?  How do they check?  And what happens if you violate the rule?  Public humiliation?  And what do they mean by "tissue" exactly?  I hope they don't actually want you to throw your used toilet paper in the trash rather than flushing it, because that's pretty gross.

To those who have complained about the credit card minimum:  be considerate!  Credit card companies charge the seller a fee with each transaction.  It's hard enough for small businesses to turn a decent profit without having to fork over a percentage of the cost of your $3 purchase.  Having a minimum for credit card purchases helps small businesses like Ed's to keep prices reasonable for customers.   So use your Visa at CVS and the Gap, where they can definitely afford to take the hit, and save your cash to support local business owners.
I actually find it kind of hilarious that I've never reviewed Ed's, considering how often I've had it (I wouldn't doubt if it was over 30 times). First, I've only had delivery here. The wings are my go-to in the flavor XXX. It's definitely only for those who like spicy food-the milder sauces are kind of blah in my opinion. 

In terms of pizza, I took part in a dorm taste test and out of like 10 pizzas in the Philly area that deliver to Penn, this was my hands-down favorite cheese pizza. After becoming dairy-free, the vegan pizza is pretty damn good and I almost didn't believe it was cheeseless. (It didn't have that weird fake cheese that is orange and gross, so I was a fan). 

The wraps and fries here are surprisingly pretty excellent for a wing and pizza joint-I've often woken up on a Saturday craving those fries. The delivery people are also extremely nice; they come on time and without any issues the many times I've ordered from them. I'd fully recommend it.
For some reason, this place seems to have a cult following. Don't know why. Their pizza is average. Decent, but nothing to drive any distance for. The wings are overrated as well. Decent, but again, average. 
Also, and this is a major complaint; they have a minimum purchase of $10 for using a credit card. This is in strict violation of their terms of agreement with credit card companies. Visa and MasterCard are very clear that they do not allow ANY minimum purchase. They must know this, yet they continue to have a sign that says "$10 minimum". That is an unethical business practice.
The owner is a nice man. Have met him several times. Very friendly. That's a plus.
Decided to stop by because I live nearby and was too lazy to cook and was very impressed since I literally just chose the place that's nearest me.

I ordered online (would recommend -- they send you coupons and discounts), so I was really in and out of the restaurant before I realized just how big the portions are here! I got a chicken parmesan cheesesteak, and while the chicken parm itself wasn't necessarily just knock your socks off good, I was definitely here for the value.

I'll definitely be back, and you should totally try it if you live nearby or go to Drexel
Good Philly pizza slices, great hoagies (especially the pan roasted Turkey with lettuce, tomato, and provolone), and a newly revamped interior make Ed's a place definitely worth visiting. I have been coming to Ed's for well over 5 years and as long as I live in the area they will be my go to place for salads and hoagies. Salads are made with crisp romaine lettuce, plump cherry tomatoes, crunchy herb roasted croutons, and whatever else you wish to add. Prices are very reasonable and the wait time is minimal (unless there are events going on at nearby Drexel University).

Keep up the great work Samir, your dedication to serving a great product shows and it is truly appreciated!
I use them for large events on Penn's campus. It's totally fine, reasonably priced, and normally on time. That being said, I was going to give three starts, but they were over 30 minutes late for a delivery last week, which was a bummer since I'd reassured a colleague that they wouldn't be late.  I haven't tried the wings or salads, but the cheese pizza is fine.
This is a solid pizzeria. I personally have preferred Savas since the day they opened. But if you are a Drexel student you know that Savas and Ed's are like the Coke and Pepsi of Drexel pizza. Everyone has an opinion and no one is entirely right or wrong. Both places are solid. Ed's is run by some truly awesome people and they make you feel great when you go in. To me, it was always about the service and the level of personal interaction here. They are more of your typical style of pizza and wings. They do a ton to support the Drexel community and it doesn't go unnoticed by the student population. They would even give out free pizza after certain Men's basketball games. There slices are truly massive and loaded with toppings. The buffalo chicken pizza is likely the favorite of all the pizzas. Wish I was still in college to order some...
It's a casual pizza spot appropriate for its college town location, but for this born and bred Jersey girl this pizza joint brought back nostalgic college memories, with bad for you but oh so delicious food, that you so carelessly devour in your teens. 

Their signature boom boom pizza is an absolute must! It should be consumed hot for ultimate enjoyment. We also tried their wings cause the sauces were pretty interesting, the mango habanero packs a nice punch but is balanced quite nicely with sweet and tart mango notes. 

Whether you're in college or just feelin nostalgic for those good old care free days, I highly recommended stopping here for some pizza
I have lived near Ed's for five years, and they are great.  Awesome wings (Ed's sauce!) and cheese fries.  Pretty good pizza.  The people working there are super nice, too.
One day my friend and I were so hungry and we needed to find a halal eatery asap. I found Ed's on Yelp after searching in "Halal." And in that moment, I had a good feeling in my heart! For a reason! God truly knew that I was going to be blessed, and I sure was. For a Zabiha (Halal) eating gal like me, this place is a GEM. My friend and I split the fries and boneless halal wings, we chose the *hot* sauce flavor and omg!!! go get it now.. seriously. It's so cheap, the portions are huge. After that, my friend and I only crave late night snacks from Ed's.
Useful but little-known fact about Ed's: They're one of the only two places that Drexel Student Organizations are allowed to order pizza from for events.  The other one is Powelton Pizza, which I don't like very much, so I always order Ed's.  Although I've gotten and enjoyed smaller orders from them it's not very often because California Pizza is closer to my place.  So this review is about their bulk service.

Usually I order about 5 or 6 pizzas at a time from them, and as many 2L bottles of soda.  It's always come on time, and one time when I ran out they had 5 more made and delivered in less than 45 minutes.  They will happily include plates, napkins, and cups for free with large orders.  They forgot the cups once, but they fixed it quickly and gave me an extra soda to compensate.

As for the pizza itself, it's not bad, and I've never gotten any complaints.  Greasy like any college food, but that's to be expected.
Their pizza is probably the best I've had in UC of the 1-2 dozen places I've tried here.  That really isn't saying much, considering the next best thing is probably getting a frozen DiGiorno from the 7-11 down the street, but Ed's pizza is the closest thing to a real pie you'll find this side of the river and is sufficiently palatable drunk or sober.  Their hoagies are average at best but their other bar food type stuff (chicken fingers, wings, fries, etc) is above average to good.  No alcohol.  Get to become somewhat of a regular and you may get freebies here and there.

FYI this is the same place as Rana Middle Eastern Cuisine, they're just marketed as separate (styles too different?  who knows?).  Never got anything from that menu.
Working at a university means I often get the benefit (curse?) of being subjected to free pizza or sandwiches at lectures/talks. And so, my first exposure to Ed's was via their delivered pizzas. As far as a West Philly pizzeria goes, I must say, I was impressed with their crust and taste. The cheese is layered on just the right thickness, and the other ingredients, though standard, are liberally applied.

All these reasons were why I decided that Ed's deserved my visit today for lunch. The dining area was as expected - run-of-the-mill tables with your standard drinks refrigerators hugging the wall. However, what brought it above the standard pizzeria category were the friendly workers. I'm looking forward to having Ed's pizza again in the future (be it free or paid) and reading these other reviews, will make an effort to try their hot wings.
Ok, so I just finished a review for Savas which is right next door. Let's take this place on.

It was 9:30pm when my friend and I finally finished our work and we really wanted something close by to the dorm, good and inexpensive. So I took out my phone and I flipped through the businesses in the area. After deciding that the Indian restaurants in the area were either closed or not up to par, we settled on Ed's. Their name really misleads you to think that Wings and Pizza are all that they have. In fact, if you take a look at their extensive menu, you'll soon realize that they are a sandwich place, a wrap place, a salad place, a middle eastern place... pretty much everything you want when you get hungry in the middle of the night. I went with 20 wings with Ed's Icy Hot and a chicken shawarma wrap. Yes, I was hungry and I'm a fattie. Don't judge.

The shawarma wrap was ok. Good but nothing to write home about. The wings though was delicious! Sometimes you get burnt wings that are chewy, but these are nicely coated and savory. I might go back to get an order of 300....

Similarly to Savas, they have an extensive display of pizzas which I think would taste just as good as the other foods they have. I'll be back soon!
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa seeing this pop up in my Yelp feed INSTANTLY brought me back to college where we scrounged up as much cash as possible for some pizza.

Do they still make it with the special spice?  There was always something non-Italian sprinkled in there.  

Ed sauce is legit.
2.4.12 Re-Visit

Went back to Ed's today after my wonderful experience the other day in the new environment, and have to say that I was not disappointed again.  

Tip: You NEED to try the Veggie Parm Grinder with cheese.  

Honestly has to be the BEST veggie grinder that I have ever had.  Highly recommended, for herbivores and carnivores alike.

Again, a MUST visit in the UC district of Philadelphia.
Yesterday I got some bomb ass wings and ok max and cheese pizza. The lemon pepper wings were spot on! I respect the adventurousness of the Mac and cheese pizza. But if you're going to go in minus well go all in. With that being said the pizza was ok need more mac and cheese. So since the wings were bomb I figured I get more and different flavors. I ordered 30
Wings, fries and Mac and cheese bites. The interaction about the pricing of the wings put a bad taste in my mouth. Yesterday I asked about splitting flavors and the young lady said if i got 20 then I can split flavors. So today I order the 30 wings and my total for the wings were more than advertised price. They charge me 8.99 each for each flavor and when I questioned it a lady told me I was paying for containers and sauces. Like whatttttt?! And I called earlier and was told yes I can split the 30 wings flavor. And the same lady had the audacity to say "of course they would say yes." Bottom like great wings and so so customer service in the front of the house
Ed's Buffalo Pizza. You really had it good - you are in a prime location in UCity for all the Penn/Drexel kids, and your pizza is decent. But what happened last night left me dis-satisfied and almost insulted. 

I think I am normally fairly patient, but hearing this lady try the least of her effort to try to make herself coherent through the phone to take an order, and getting more and more impatient when I asked her to repeat herself because of her pathetic attempt at making herself heard.... And at the same time, with her failing to take my correct address (probably as a result from her incompetence and impatience?) after waiting an hour for food... Later, with the driver swearing through the phone because the address was incorrect (who's fault was it again?) - Ed's, never again.

The lady on the phone at 9 PM October 20th 2013 - I understand people have shitty days. I understand working in a pizza delivery joint on a Sunday most likely sucks. I can empathize that people are normally entitled when one can order through the phone. But I was in no way insulting you through the phone. I said please and thank you. I was having a bad day myself, but I didn't feel any need to negatively affect other people because of what happened to me. Why do you feel the need for your pathetic attempt at doing your job? 

I apologize if I sound angry. But what happened last night left me a fairly sore view of your establishment. No one deserves that type of treatment; paid customer or not. It's just basic human decency to not be an ass hole.
Well the fries are pretty good. 
The calzones are hit and miss but usually undercooked. If they are cooked well then they are very good. The pizza is decent. 
Following orders is a question mark here as when ever I order fries with cheese, the cheese is always on the fries even though I ask for it on the side. Make sure your order is clear and check it when you pick it up
You know they'll deliver across the river? And you can order online? ++

Ed's is our new go-to pizza delivery. Given that we live in Graduate Hospital, that's probably saying something that they deliver to us.

The sauce was delicious, the crust, not so much, but the cheese-to-topping ratio was great. Plus, they use Daiya vegan cheese (++). Tasty!
I like that they have vegan pizza options & that they are open late. I also love that they also offer vegan slices. 

The vegan pizza's seemed a little pricey, for the little amount of cheese I got, which is why I am only giving it a 4.
Ed's isn't bad. I'd say it's slightly better than your average pizza shop. I tried their wings with the Ed's sauce, and let me say, they certainly do NOT live up to the hype. The sauce was good, but the wings were small and overpriced. When the wings are that small, they shouldn't be $7 for 10. As far as taste, they do just fine, but they are certainly not something to go out of your way for. 

I also had a sausage stromboli. Ed's claims to have the largest strombolis in the city. I'm willing to bet my entire bank account that that's completely false. If my memory serves me correctly, they don't even have the largest strombolis on the BLOCK (I'm pretty sure Sava's large stromboli is bigger)! However, for $10, it's not a bad deal. It was loaded with sausage, much more than you'd get on a small pizza. And it was pretty darn good.

Overall, Ed's is a decent experience. I am put off, however, by how pretentious they come off ("largest strombolis," "best pizza," "best wings"). It's a pizza joint. There's no need to tell us how fantastically amazing you are. Let the food speak for itself. Bottom line: you'll enjoy Ed's, but don't expect it to blow your mind.
My coworkers and I sometimes order wings and pizza from Ed's.  Sometimes the pizza is good, sometimes it isn't, but the wings are usually pretty good.  I wouldn't go on an eight mile jog just to get their food, but if you're in the neighborhood it'll do the trick I imagine.

They have late hours which is good for the college crowd.  The late hours are also good for people who aren't in college but still like to eat real late.
OK, ordered a large pie at 11: 30pm.... got here at 1:04am. The pizza was cold . Other times we ordered at least one thing was wrong EVERYTIME.
I ordered 4 large pizzas for a class party via Grubhub this morning to be delivered at 11:30am. I coincidentally called Eds around 10:40 to ask them to deliver 15 mins earlier than the time I'd scheduled the delivery for, and found out that grubhub had failed to process order. They were amazing about it and said they'd get my order in so it can reach me on time, and meanwhile I can sort out the forwarding the invoice with grubhub. That issue was resolved pretty quickly but their service was impeccable. Not only did they accept this late order, they delivered at 11:09 on the dot (I called at 10:40 asking if they can deliver by 11-11:15 latest). The pizza was delicious and people were saving the number off their pizza box because they loved it so much! Thanks Ed's for a great experience
We placed an order for a group and everyone enjoyed it! They even had a vegan pizza which, for people like me who can't have dairy, is, in itself, a winner for even offering this! And I have to say, it was fantastic! I got it with all the veggies and they use real mushrooms! Another check in the win column! The service was wonderful. They called in the morning to confirm delivery time and were responsive because we happened to order during move out day which held up the driver a little. We will definitely order from here again!
The delivery company I ordered from (foodler - awesome!) received my complaint about this specific order and tried for several days to reach an owner or manager.  When they did, he completely denied that they were late at all and refused to provide any sort of compensation or "goodwill gesture" to make up for the poor service....nevermind that fact that I still have the call records on my cell phone to them looking for my food and from them when it was finally delivered (2 hours after I ordered).  As much as I was done with them before, I am even more so now.  While I was not expecting anything, the fact that the owner would lie about their mistake and try to put it back on me speaks volumes about the business.  I'll take my business to establishments with more integrity, and I encourage you all to do the same.
Been coming here for years, and the wings never disappoint. Some of the best I've ever had. Solid pizza, great fries... this is a healthy person's worst nightmare! They even do delivery and they're open late.

This is the place to get Wings if you go to Drexel or Penn. If not, it's worth the trip!
Best wings in the area for a reasonable price, they're a little stingy on the sauce so always order extra! Steak fries are really delicious and so are the mozzarella sticks. The pizza is not excellent, but I mean there's no good pizza in the area. The pizza is still more passable then others though. The chocolate milkshakes are delicious although a bit pricey. Delivery is always fast.
The ONLY reason I frequent this place is because it's the only place in the area that I can get vegan pizza and steak fries. Honestly, a little piece of my soul dies every time I come here. I don't know, maybe it's because I only come when it's busy. I can actually get passed the wait and the crowd. That's not my issue. It's the customer service. I LOATHE IT!!!!!!! Or should I say, I loathe the lack if it. I just can't understand why no one can get it together here. It's just as bad over the phone as it is in person. Honestly, they'll stay in business for a long time because they're open late and offer a variety of food.
I really like Ed's especially if you go there during a Phillies game. There's always crowd, a big flat screen, and the owner yelling at the players. Then again I'm kind of forced to like Ed's because it's the only place around where I live, besides Powelton, that I take I liking to. They also have great gyros, seriously great gyros.
My husband loves Ed's.  Specifically, he loves their wings (not the buffalo style wings, but the whole wings).  I'm vegetarian, so I dont' get to partake in the wings.  And the pizza is not thrilling.  And it is hard for pizza to be bad.  I mean, it is cheezy carbohydrates.  And I love cheese.  And I love carbs.  But when it comes from Ed's  it doesnt' make me happy.  I eat a few bites and then it sits in the fridge until it is old enough that I feel OK throwing it away. It is just yucky.  

I haven't really found anything on the menu that I like as an antree.  Since my husband LOVES it, we keep ordering.  And at this point, I usually get an order of Jalapeno poppers, and just eat that.  I think their Jalapeno poppers are better than average (which is weird, because I assume most places buy them frozen and they are all about the same).  I don't know if they buy a better brand than most places, or if they actually aren't pre-made frozen poppers.  Regardless, they seem better.
Ed's is a great place for cheap eats and mediocre food. Hey, I'm a college student; I can't live in the lap of luxury all the time. The pizza varies from good to mediocre. It is never great and never horrible. Their buffalo wings are delicious though. Yum. And they have at least 6 different sauces ranging from mild to XXX to suit every palette. 

I'd definitely recommend this to any hungry student (or adult) who is short on funds. Hey, we have all been there!
Buffalo chicken pizza..loved that it was halal and made fresh upon order...had too much blue cheese and not enough chicken on it, had excess hot sauce but not enough buffalo sauce...seemed a bit off but some of the flavors were still there 

Wings...only the boneless wings are halal, the mango habanero were really good, not burn-your-face spicy but still had good spice and flavor combo.  The nuclear wings were really good too, not too spicy but could have used a bit more sauce to coat them properly.

Super helpful and kind staff, prompt service for this hole in the wall dining spot.
Unfortunately this place is on its way down since the owners passing. It used to be clean, fast and friendly. All of that has gone. The staff while not rude are not friendly. I waited on my takeout order for over 40 minutes. It was sitting in the counter for who knows how long. Long enough to make the food cold. No one apologized at all. 
 They seemed disorganized behind the counter. 

I went to Drexel University so Ed holds a special place on my heart. I am so disappointed in my favorite pizza place. I sadly will not be returning anymore.
Ordered through GH last night and the food wasn't hot or even warm when it arrived. We ordered a cheesesteak and a chicken cheesesteak. The toppings we asked for were not on there or at least not enough of them to taste them. These used yellow American cheese instead of white for our order which I found to be very odd. The sandwiches were very small compared to other local places. The only upside to this is the food arrived on time. Probably won't be back.
Ordering delivery from here is pretty inconsistent, but I'll mainly speak on the food I had. 
Slice of greek pizza was pretty flavorless and nothing special. Two orders of cheesy fries were alright, and last time I thought it was great. But this time, the bacon was chewy and tough, kind of like the bad bits that you'd throw away. I reordered from here because the bacon was fresh and went well with the fries, but the food is inconsistent as well, I suppose. The cool thing is they have pretty alright vegan pizza options, which taste alright even side by side with real cheese pizza!
This place is the worst. I order food this morning from them. A gemtleman answered the phone, I placed my order and specifically  asked if he had raspberry ice tea. I assumed he checked to see if they had it. He came back on the phone and informed me they only had lemon ice tea, I said, I'll take one bottle of lemon ice tea. My order came at a good time but totally forgot to punch in my lemon ice tea.  That shows me they don't pay attention or bother to care for their customers.
My boyfriend and I love this place!! They're so nice every time and they have all my food cravings...middle eastern, pizza, wings, cheesesteak! My boyfriend gets their tomato pie slices they're so good...garlicy tomato slices and their chicken cheese steak is always great. Also the lady is so nice there...she's the best.
Best pizza in UC, the crust is crunchy and chewy so you can fold it nicely and eat it. My boyfriend loves their buffalo chicken pizza. Their Greek salad is also really really good. It comes with stuffed grape leaves
I'm sure that other items are good here, but I can't speak for them. I came here the other night as I was in the mood for pizza and I had a few people suggest I give them a try. Ugh, the pizza was awful. I would have been better off getting it from 7-11 or a high school cafeteria. Everything was awful about the plain pizza: bland sauce, cheese with no flavor. The bbq chicken pizza: chewy chicken and again terrible cheese. I will say the bbq sauce was tolerable.

I really want to find something I like here as the people seemed nice and there were a lot of items to choose from. My hometown is known for having amazing pizza, so I also might be spoiled.
ED's pizza has the rudest and laziest cashiers. Don't bother ordering online or calling in an order because they'll just hang up on you or mess up your order. if you call and complain the employees will lie and say that they are the manager.  The real manager is a sweet lady but her employees are the worst don't bother getting any food unless she's there. AVOID THIS PLACE!!!
Best wings in West Philly.  Not sure if that's saying much, since this isn't exactly the "wing district", but I would seek this place out if I happen to find myself in the mood for chicken wings (and in the vicinity).

Seems like the UCity kids like this place for the pizza.  It's passable, really nothing to "write home about".  Overall, worth checking out for the wings, not much else.
After a long day at work went on Grub Hub to order something for dinner.  For some reason the place is rated higher on there than it is here, made the mistake of using GH ratings and not looking at Yelp first.  We ordered the Dragon Pizza, and ended up being extremely disappointed. The order came within a reasonable amount of time, I asked the delivery driver if he could bring the pizza to my apartment, and he rudely said no. Never had that issue with delivery before, maybe it was cause tip was already added.  By the time we arrived in the lobby, the pizza was left with our doorman. The delivery guy did not have the decency to wait for us to pick up the pizza, doorman said he basically dropped it and left.  On top of all of this, the pizza was cold. My girlfriend ended up feeling sick about an hour after eating it. The buffalo/ranch wings were decent but nothing special.  Maybe a delivery bag would be a good investment for the restaurant.  Don't anticipate I'll ever order from there again.
Ed's is definitely the cheapest place in the University City area. My review is based on my experience with its catering. Cheap and accommodating. 

Food is what you'd expect for pizza and wings so I don't have a lot to say about the food. Expect to be full and feeling greasy after having Ed's wings or pizza. 

Staff is really nice in my experience at least over the phone.
Anything around a college campus that has: Pizza, Burger/Hoagies, and Fried Food is going to be a hit.

Also, if its open late like Ed's its DEFINITELY going to be a hit.

I order and eat from Ed's all the time because of the convenience otherwise I definitely wouldn't be treating myself that badly by eating food that is terrible for my health (but who am I kidding, we all love mcdonalds and therefore anything that is within walking distance that has smiliar foods we're gonna go for it!)

The White Pizza is GREAT :)
Pizza is good, wings are better. They get a high rating because my drunken (male) roommate put on someone's pumps and used the restaurant as a catwalk, scaring away some customers. Sorry Ed's!
Favorite pizza in university city so far. The crust is crunchy but soft and its always nice and warm. The one lady who usually works the counter is real friendly too. Only think I have to complain about is how small it is. It doesn't take many people to make the place feel crowded.
This was my 1st time ordering from Ed's. When I received my food, I noticed hair on my wings. I called back and was told that's impossible because no one there has long hair. I find their response to be totally unacceptable and will never order from this establishment again. I work for a local hospital and I will tell everyone I know about their horrible customer service. Don't order from this place!!!
Great option for pizza and cheesesteaks --- they have options for halal and vegan pizza.

here is my review of Rana Halal (which is connected to Eds):
-Decent halal / middle eastern food. Shawarma, kafta, kabobs, gyros - and open late night. They also do halal version of American food --- halal pizza and cheesesteaks. Also have vegan options for pizza.
There's nothing to rave about. 

The pizza is quite terrible. The sandwiches, wings and fries are really not that great. Maybe it's just the dozen times ive had it but this is definitely not the best place in the area.

try something else, even if you have to pay a little more.
Ed's has the best wings in the city.  Ed's Sauce - hot being especially good - although it usually wasn't hot enough, but if you ask them, they'll mix it with the regular hot sauce to make it a bit spicier.  I probably ordered from there 9/10 Sundays during football season.  The pizza was pretty good, too.  I can't really say about the rest of the menu, because I haven't had it.

The downside to Ed's is that the delivery speed is VERY slow.  I lived a few blocks away and it could take over an hour, even at non-peak times.
I dare you to eat their dragon pizza. Its one of the hottest pizzas I've ever had. The owner Ed came out and told us he actually just recently toned down the intensity of the original recipe and  then gave us a taste of the original. Goddamn, it was hot.  Great food, friendly staff, and always quality. Get the wings.
I ordered a vegan pizza with vegan cheese and vegan "meat." When I got the pizza, the meat didn't look like it was vegan, so I called to confirm. The girl assured me that it was. I ate a slice and immediately got very sick... 10 minutes later, they called me back to say it was actual steak and it wasn't vegan. I haven't eaten meat in yearsssss... This experience was very traumatizing for me. I feel horrible and was up all night getting sick. The only reason that I'm giving them any stars is because the one woman that worked there was friendly & they didn't charge my card.
#1 Go to spot to eat in University City. Great food for even better prices. It can be hard to break out from their extraordinary slices, but everything here is good. Eds Buffalo Wings and Pizza is appropriately named due to their top notch wings and creative/tasty slices of pizza. It can be overwhelming with so many restaurant options around university city but If you're looking for a quick bite this has to be you place. Top choices range from wings, pizza, salads,  and sandwiches. All are phenomenal. As for the service...the ladies taking your order welcome you with open arms as you walk through the door. Everyone is so friendly and willing to accommodate you for any of your needs. If there seems to be a line in the store it is for good reason! no worries though because the cashiers and cooks keep the pace up and you'll have your bite in no time. And lastly, the delivery is key for the nights where you have Ben and Jerrys eyeing you up from the freezer and netflix calling your name. Make the call to eds and they have your food to you as quick as possible because I have found that it is a priority to them to serve your food hot and fast. Try them out ASAP! your taste buds will thank you and your wallet won't want to serve you a knuckle sandwich.
Try a Tomato Pie (pizza without cheese). The sauce is tangy, with a kick of spices, and no cheese makes it a lighter meal.

And its only 10 bucks for a large!

Can't beat this place for convenience if you're on campus. Call ahead to order.
Only thing I like here is the Amanda's fries. For pizza I recommend Sava's next door.
Great pizza and wings. There sauce is unique and to die for! Great place if you want wings and pizza!
Ed's is the go-to place for students living in the area. Their pizza may not be the best in the world, but it tastes fantastic. Their wings are also delicious and a personal favorite of mine. The service is great and I have always been treated well even during peak hours when they're rushed. The owner is also a great guy who has donated gift cards to an event I ran as a student organization leader. Ed's is usually on time with pre-order deliveries from campusfood.com and the drivers are cool.
I wanted to like Ed's. I really did. Due to different delivery app coupons, I've been trying Ed's for the last few months. I must have ordered one of their vegan pizzas once and their vegetarian calzone made vegan (i.e. vegan calzone with veggies) at least a dozen times. When the vegetarian calzone made vegan comes out correctly, it's very good -- hence why I kept coming back.

Almost every time:
-Front-end staff do not wear masks or do not wear them correctly
-Vegan calzones seem to be made by default with ricotta cheese (i.e. non-vegan). If you ask about this, every single person will make it different, e.g. not put ricotta cheese and therefore have it be small vs. replace it with vegan cheese and therefore have it be large.
   -In addition to the above, it's very difficult to get the veggie calzone made vegan. They will usually either add ricotta or omit the vegetables. This doesn't seem like it should be that hard considering this is an option on their menu. It also makes it hard to believe they are actually not using animal products.
-They started cooking it after I arrived. Either [insert whichever deliver app] was not working for them, their tablet was down, the order was overlooked, I came too early, I came too late (and they threw it out after 45 minutes), or any mix of reasons.
-The app is not updated when the food is ready.

Then, there are more minor issues: delivery orders being forgotten (after hours of waiting and me calling), poor time estimates for when the order will be ready so that you have to stay indoors and waiting, a raw calzone, etc.

They did replace one of my orders and delivered it for free, and they do try. And again, the vegetarian calzone made vegan is great. I also appreciate that they have vegan options, although I wish they were actually consistent in ensuring they are 100% vegan, considering this is a dietary restriction. A vegan calzone should not have dairy cheese. Unfortunately, I think I am done trying to make Ed's work.
Ed's Buffalo Wings & Pizza is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly. Their pizza is always fresh and made to order when you walk in and their wings are out of this world; the best in University City from what I've found. Their other menu items are great too especially their coated and curly fries. They also have great specials daily which I utilize at least twice a week (especially the wrap lunch special on Mondays).

The service is awesome and the people who work there really try to create a relationship with their customers and will recognize you if you come by more than once. I highly recommend trying Ed's if you're looking for a good bite to eat in Philly!
Today, I ordered a personal size pizza from Ed's. As you can see in the pic, the pizza is topped with pepperoni and sausage. Okay, let's talk about it...

First, the price was hella reasonable. The cheese pizza was $8.75 and they only charge $1.50 
per topping as where Slices would charge $10.75 and $2.50 per topping. The price was a clear win.

Now, the crust was chewy and a little softer than I like it but still good. They did not have extra cheese as an topping option but it was not needed. There was plenty of cheese on this pizza.

Sigh... I broke my diet to eat this pizza but it was so worth it. I would of been mad if I broke my diet to eat crap. Cheap price + good pizza = win win.
Doesn't deliver to "certain" neighborhoods. 1 mile away and they won't deliver your food because they "don't go past the 700s"
I used to go here several years ago when the original owner still ran the place before he passed suddenly.   The buffalo wings and pepperoni pizza were my "go-to's".   I stopped in the other day just to grab a slice after several years hiatus.  The slice and service were great just like I remembered.   Picked up some "lemon pepper" wings last night on a whim and they were awesome.   Nice to see the food is still great and the people are even better!! It will not take me several years to get back next time!!!
Ed's has solid Pizza! It's cheesy, the sauce is savory, the crust is gluten-y, the dough is sturdy, & there's many toppings to customize your pizza! Ed's is my go-to pizza place on Friday nights. And the pizza reheats well for the next day too!
