Solid Mexican hole in the wall type joint. Friendly staff, fresh food, and a good variety of options. I opted for the grilled shrimp tacos with hot salsa (and here, hot means HOT!!) with a side of refried beans. The shrimp were cooked and seasoned perfectly. The salsa added a delicious chipotle kick, and they aren't stingy with the cilantro or onions. The corn tortillas come double layered. I'd come back to try more delicious items!
Craving for Mexican, came across Wet Burritos from El Purepecha on Infatuation Philly's(IG) page. Search on Yelp and decided to give this place a try. El Purepecha is located on the corner of 10th and buttonwood street, and street parking is available. 

I placed a order on the phone. I order a steak and shrimp quesadilla, Steak and Shrimp Wet Burrito, and Steak Wet Burrito. In case you're wondering what is a Wet Burrito? Wet Burrito is a burrito on top of your choice of mild, medium, or spicy sauces. I had ordered my Steak and Shrimp Wet Burrito with mild sauce. And my Steak Wet Burrito in spicy sauce. I thought yelpers exaggerated at first when it comes to the size of these Wet Burrito. Well these Wet Burritos are huge, it took me three meals to finish one, like omg! Definitely worth the $10 price. Of course mine cost more bc one of the Wet Burrito got shrimps added. 

The Wet Burritos are definitely delicious, but our favorite was the Steak and shrimp quesadilla. It comes with salsa, sour cream, and guacamole on the side. Me and hub got the quesadilla as our appetizer, and wished we got more. We will definitely be back!

P.S. They accept cash as payment too.
Sometimes great things happen when your original plans don't work out.  I think there's a Garth Brooks song or two to that effect.  

Fellow Yelper Dee M and I planned to meet at nearby Love City Brewery for a meal before seeing a show at Union Transfer.  I get there, find a place to park (not easy) and get a text from her - wall to wall people. We weren't the only two with this idea.   We meet by my car.  What to do?  Dee consults our handy dandy Yelp app which tells us of El Purepecha, and she says it's super close by - we can walk! Yay, no giving up a parking spot!  

We walk a quick block. I look at this corner store business and think that Dee has lost her mind.  It looks...well....sketchy.  Slightly scary.  Almost abandoned.  Dee, being the child of a Police Officer, isn't fazed and walks right in.  I'm SO glad she did.

This IS a small corner store setup in Philly, they are all over. Inside it is bright and cheery and reasonably clean. There are a few (not many) tables across from their open kitchen and register. It's quick-serve and it's clear they do a lot of take-out.  

We order, are told to just go get our drinks from a cooler, and we pay as we leave. OK.  I order the steak chimichanga and Dee gets the tacos, I think.  I ordered mine 'deluxe' with rice & beans, and it's $10.50 so I'm thinking it's probably going to be, well, cheap Mexican.  

Shut the Front Door because what arrives looks like it belongs in a higher end place - it's beautifully plated.  Dang.  It's also quite good.  Nice crisp shell but not shattering, great flavors.  I'm a happy camper.  I go to pay my $10.50 and am told - no, it's only $8.50 because we forgot to give you beans and rice (that I completely didn't notice were missing).  Wow.  How did they even know, this place is jamming with people.  Very cool, honest business.

it was a great meal, in a surprisingly lovely place, and the price was quite reasonable, cheap really for what you get.  I would definitely go here again next time I'm in the Spring Garden area. It's truly a 'hidden' gem and the reason they say "don't judge a restaurant by it's exterior."  Well, OK, only I probably say that but it's a good and true thing to say.
Cómo se dice, "no longer a whole in the wall?" en español? El Purepecha upped their game with a BEAUTIFUL new, clean and bright space with a huge bar (they moved within the same general area). It as inviting (if not more) than some of their counterparts in the city except they actually make authentic Mexican cuisine. They opened their new digs on Oct 14, and all the waitresses had face paint to celebrate día de los muertos. Having worked in a Mexican restaurant for years, it makes me so happy to see others like us succeed.

You can still enjoy their awesome food even if you don't feel comfortable dining in. Get delivery or takeout. If you opt for take out, they have plexiglass between the hostess station, staff are wearing masks (even over their face paint) and hand sanitizer readily available. Please make your way here if you haven't!
My love for El Purepecha runs deep. I discovered this place through a recommendation three weeks ago. I've created a designated "burrito day" in my apartment, ordering the same massive shrimp burrito each week when the insatiable craving hits. 

I've never seen the brick and mortar, but each time I've ordered delivery through GrubHub, I've had impeccable service, with the food arriving before the estimated delivery time. 

Before I found El Purepecha, my weekly GrubHub order was from a national burger and shake chain (I'll let you figure it out). It was always about $25 for a burger and fries after delivery, taxes, and tip. All fees included, my El Purepecha never costs more than $15 and it's easily enough for two meals (though I usually make it one).

I've never wandered from the burrito menu, though I'm keen to try if I can ever get past my cravings. The burrito is *chefs kisses* PERFECT. It weighs easily over a pound, packed with the perfect blend of protein, cheese, beans, rice, guac, sour cream, pico, etc. Everything you'd want in a perfect burrito. I'm never, ever left longing for more of anything. It is truly a masterpiece. I always opt for the shrimp burrito, and the shrimp amount is always generous. If you've got any self control at all, you could split this burrito into two meals. If you're like me, you order one burrito at 2pm, scarf the whole thing, and you successfully knock out both lunch AND dinner. 

I'm already looking forward to next week's burrito day. If you want a delicious, quick, and incredibly satiating meal at an insane value, El Purepecha is the spot. Did I mention delicious?
Surprisingly this place is on the corner behind Roy-Pitz. No frills, cheap, fresh Mexican. Most dishes ranging from $5-$15. Anything from Tostadas to Platters. You can modify your heat level, which is key for people who can't handle heat like me. They'll have a new menu out in a few weeks and hopefully they put Tamales back on the menu.
Monster Burritos!

Once you are able to find this restaurant which is no small feat, you'll be treated to a great feast.  Burritos here should be listed under a shareable meal given the size.  My "wet" carnitas burrito was an insane portion that was the first recommendation from the order taker.  It was also made rather quickly in the open kitchen right in front of the restaurant while I waited.  

Now while the burrito was supersized, the carnitas meat itself was a little dry and too salty even though it was "wet" or sauced.  Beans are normally included in the burrito but I'm no fan of beans in general and asked for it to be made without.

On foot the neighborhood is kinda dark, with not much else going on, but the friendly service and food here is worth trying.
"The Mexican hole in the Wall" 

Definitely does not look pleasing on the outside; however, the inside is well decorated, the staff is extremely helpful and friendly, and the food is authentic and delicious.

Ordered the El Pastor Sopas, Steak Tacos, and chips and salsa (Hot salsa)

Big fan of salsa and this salsa was authentic with a bit of a kick at the end. Perfect.

With 3 dishes shared among 2 people total came to $10.00 per person.

Only Con: Didn't have the dessert we wanted or enough El Pastor to make a taco.

Would recommend to friends for good and cheap Mexican food. Don't judge a book by its cover ;)
Delicious, authentic Mexican food. Need I say more?
It's a stone's throw away from Union Transfer/Spring Garden and I'm so happy that there's an awesome, cheap option for delicious food nearby the venue. 

The restaurant itself is super small and has an open kitchen so you can see the guys crafting your tacos, sopes, burritos, etc right before your eyes. I love the decor around here with the vivid colors and paintings of Mexico. You can sit at the "bar" or at one of the three tables (one seats 2 and the other two seats 4). They do a lot of delivery via Grubhub and Yelp if you're not into wandering into the "sketchy neighborhood" though I really did not feel that way - there's just not a lot of foot traffic or shops around this particular area. 

No one item is more than $12 and my boyfriend and I managed to skirt by for dinner for $26. We ordered chips and guacamole (super fresh though we didn't quite have enough dip for our chips... probs our fault), steak sopes, and tacos al pastor - the latter two with hot salsa; you also have the choice of mild or medium. The salsa is actually hot and everything was fresh and delicious. They also have a great selection of Mexican sodas like Jarritos, an apple soda, and of course, Mexican Coca-Cola. 

One thing is that they don't always have everything on the menu available, which I can understand. We wanted to try their tamales or flan but perhaps since I went on a Monday, they didn't have everything prepared or maybe sold out. Next time~

Can't wait to stop by El Purepecha again before a show!
One of the best Mexican spots in Philly. Sopes made fresh in front of you, and of course the real test of a Mexican spot are their carnitas - and these deliver. Everyone working their is super friendly, the service is great and generally quick unless they're packed. Overall, love this place. The chorizo is quite nice here FYI.

NB: Anyone service carnitas that aren't crispy is just doing it wrong. Plain and simple.
I've been coming here since it was "Jose's". While they don't have the flickering sign outside anymore, the food hasn't changed a bit. Get yourself a burrito here, you won't regret it.
I was inclined to order takeout from here by some great yelp reviews and particularly one about a designated burrito day with El Purepecha's shrimp burrito. Lets just say, I'll also be having designated burrito days from now on. Officially my go to - great food, reasonable prices and super fast service. 
I ordered a shrimp burrito and guacamole - both were excellent and authentic (enough for lunch and dinner) and I love that they give you a salsa choice in the burrito!
tl;dr a snug hole-in-the-wall serving up hearty, homemade Mexican essentials

The Loft District just north of Chinatown is easy to miss for even longtime Philadelphia urbanites. Absent are the poshness of Rittenhouse, the trendiness of Fishtown, or gritty panache of South Philly. Yet, El Purepecha proves that this neighborhood should be more than just a faint blip on foodies' radar. This taqueria is easy to miss when walking down the street. A small sign directs you toward this lone townhouse on a quiet block off of Spring Garden. The entrance takes you right up to the open kitchen concept; just past this, you have the choice to order out or take a seat. With only a handful of tables and counter seating, even "cramped" might be an understatement. The restaurant, nonetheless, delivers in character, featuring bright Latinx tile-work and traditionally painted tables and chairs.

My partner has been wanting to give this place a whirl for some time, and we finally decided to visit last weekend. The menu has all the Mexican classics -- tacos, enchiladas, tortas, etc. -- with a wide selection of meat options. We decided to split the Carnitas Tostadas and the Carne Burrito Mojado. Our mouths watered from the aromas of the kitchen, and we could hardly stand to watch the chefs frying up tortillas and mixing fresh shrimp while we waited voraciously for our food. And when our dishes arrived, they were enormous. The tostadas were crunchy, topped with crisp and flavorful carnitas. The "wet burrito," on the other hand, was a dieter's worst nightmare, stuffed nearly to bursting then smothered with red sauce. While I might concede that the sauce erred on side of less flavor, I was impressed by how well the burrito itself help up despite being drenched. Throughout our meal, a consistent stream of patrons unobtrusively funneled through to pick up their to-go orders. The tables, meanwhile, were mostly filled during our entire visit.

For $20, El Purepecha was a fraction of the price that one might spend at "safer" Mexican eateries like El Vez. Yet, the flavors and portion sizes delivered a satisfying meal -- something that this California native won't usually say about East Coast Mexican fare. With an unassuming place that prides itself this much on solid ingredients and freshly cooked meals, I can't not be a fan.
Delicious!  Had the burrito mojado, which means covered in sauce.  Tasty red sauce, HUGE burrito
 Mine was crispy pork.  Wife had chicken tacos which were also excellent. Save room for the dense, caramel- laden flan.
Holy cow, SO AMAZING! This is absolutely the best Mexican food I've ever tasted. This is literally a hole in the wall (actually passed it by accident when walking) and looks not too impressive in the outside but it would be an absolute shame to miss out if you love burritos and are in the area. I got the burrito and I could have eaten another one because it was SO good but one was filling. My friends and I tried different entrees and all were mouth watering. My chicken burrito had plenty of protein, guac, and flavor in it. Each of us was completely satisfied by our dishes. The wait was totally worth it (very small kitchen inside). They also do takeout. I will definitely return again and this time try the tacos! 

It's a tiny place with just a few tables but inside the decor is so co and unique with traditional paintings on the seats and tables. There is only street parking. Don't judge this place based on the outside - you won't regret trying it!
Great, cheap and authentic Mexican food in Philadelphia!

I absolutely love cheap and authentic Mexican, and always went to KOP or Cherry Hill but this was pretty good!

I got the steak quesadilla and a side of rice. Kind of frustrating that it doesn't come with rice considering burritos are twice the amount of food and includes rice and beans on the inside. Overall, it was good. We also ordered two burritos and they were full and satisfied at the end.

I ordered for delivery and only thing that was upsetting was it being 10 minutes late and on top of that, my order did not have any guac, salsa or sour cream. All orders came with it and we didn't get any. Super disappointing.

Overall, I'd order again!
Very nice and clean restaurant. I ordered chips and guacamole for appetizer. The guacamole had the consistency of soft serve ice cream. Not recommended. 

My salad was fresh with nicely seasoned shrimp. 

My husband ordered tacos al pastor, the tortillas were small with good amount of meat.
Food: 4.25 Out of 5
Steak quesadilla and carnitas tacos had the right flavors. Carnitas had nice texture, but the steak had a little more gristle than I expected. Their red sauce had more chipotle flavor and the salsa verde was par.

Environment and Service: 4.25 Out of 5
Small hole in the wall joint. Seats no more than 20 people. Pretty slow when I came to order to go, my goodies were ready in about 10 minutes.

Overall: 4.25 Out of 5
No doubt I'm coming back when I need a Mexican food fix
I told myself I would take a picture of my steak nachos, but as soon as I opened my container all thoughts of a picture escaped me. I've been here several times and I've only tried the steak nachos but I LOVE them. All of the toppings are amazing, but I especially love the cheese sauce. The actual restaurant is a cute little corner spot with counter and table seating. The prices seems on the low end for the overall area, but I'm not complaining. My last visit I did notice they have laminated menus and the price for my nachos increased by about $1, but again so good I don't care. Definitely a great little neighborhood spot to grab lunch or dinner. They do close a little early on a Friday (9pm, probably the same on Saturday) but it's not a strict closing time.
I'm a South Texas girl and I can't praise this restaurant enough. Legit Mexican restaurants are hard to find up north, but this place is the real deal. Their food tastes similar to the stuff I had back home. I've tried a few things from their menu and everything has been perfect. Seriously, just try anything. It will be delicious. 

I first came here with a group of 6-8 people and the staff was very accommodating. They helped us push tables together without us even asking. They helped some of us choose dishes, and they were helpful for the people in my group with dietary restrictions. 

The inside of this place is awesome. There is artwork everywhere! It is a little small inside, but it has more of a home-y feeling rather than a tight/claustrophobic feeling.
The ~ultimate~ hole in he wall Mexican shop in quite legit the middle of nowhere as far as Philly goes...but well worth the slight hike North if Chinatown to hit up this joint. 

Vibe: again just a super small hole in the wall. Seemed like more a take-out place with only maybe about three tables. That being said we went and got a table on a Saturday at like prime lunch time so there is definitely seating if you want to go with friends there. 

Food: this is truly a hidden gem as far as Mexican food in Philly goes. I know, it's a ways away from the vibrant Mexican pocket of South Philly but the food is authentic and so tasty! The wet burrito, chimichanga, and al pastor were some of our favorites. 

Salsa tips: spicy salsa is *very hot. Mild/medium are very tasty. Our absolute favorite was the chipotle salsa (it almost tastes thick and creamy like a mole?). The chipotle salsa had smoky notes and was not too spicy and just right. I could drink that stuff seriously. 

Well worth the trip to come here. Next time you're in the mood for Chinese food go the extra 10 min up north to this Mexican joint for tacos, burritos, tostados and more!
Great authentic place, love the tacos and burritos. Good vegetarian options, always fresh and great service!
Delicious.  Great prices and great tacos.  This food is not only muy delicioso, it is authentic.  The service was quick and easy.  The restaurant has been renovated and is a little more appealing than before.  

Will defiantly be back and can't' wait to eat there again.
Love this place! Have ordered takeout from them twice, and both times have had excellent burritos.

I've tried the carnitas and al pastor burritos. The al pastor is so fantastic - includes guac and pineapples inside! The carnitas burrito is fine, but not as good as al pastor in my opinion.

They only do delivery through GrubHub, but would highly recommend!
This is my favorite Mexican joint in the city. It's a hole in the wall type of deal and I'm kind of glad because it just fits the food...there's bar seating for four right next to the kitchen and then a couple of tables by the wall. I've been twice and like to sit at the colored tile bartop.

I don't know why the food is as cheap as it is because it's frickin good. I've had their al pastor quesadilla (highly recommend - they don't skimp on cheese and meat and it comes with a side of avocado, sour cream, and hot sauce). My boyfriend would also never order quesadillas when eating out bc he reasons he can just make them at home but the next time we came he ordered one as an appetizer after drooling over the first one we had tried the previous time eating here. 

Their Baja fish tacos are good too, light and refreshing, full of flavor, and weirdly filling too. I also had their shrimp tacos - I don't even like shrimp that much but this was good (their medium hot sauce is also really good...not sure what they put in it that makes it a green color but I'm not complaining). 

Will def come here more often.
Authentic, Affordable, Fresh... this are the first three words that come to my mind after experiencing El Purepecha. 

I'm a sucker for good Mexican food, it steals my heart ever time. I actually once stopped dating someone because he didn't enjoy Mexican or Indian, our relationship was over the moment he said cilantro was disgusting. This place fills the void and reconfirms my past decision! 

Their tacos are fantastic, the chicken is seasoned just right, tons of cilantro, and super corn tortillas.

Only downside, I wished they served everything with chips... an additional side order for a few crispy chips that costs as much as an order of tacos was a little disturbing.
I can't believe I never reviewed this amazing spot! We have had delivery, pickup and dine in at the previous location and now this one - but I have to say we have quickly become obsessed with the new spot in the former Johnny Mananas spot in the Goldtex building. It's such an inviting space!

The staff is one of the nicest and their food is some of the best Mexican food that I have ever had. It's also incredibly consistent. The chips and guacamole is delicious, both the steak and shrimp fajitas are tasty (the steak is cooked to perfection), all of the tacos have hit the spot - my fave is the al pastor, and they make a great classic margarita. They do everything that I have had so far quite well. 

If you are a fan of delicious, authentic Mexican food, look no further. This is your spot.
This place went from an amazing hole in the wall BYOB restaurant to an even better trendy restaurant right down the street. Their margaritas are amazing (try it with Mezcal!) and the nachos and guac were just the start of our incredible experience here. Everyone was pleased with their meals and I can truly say this place is one of the best in the city. Our server Justin was great along with the rest of the staff. We cannot wait to come back and try even more of the menu...hoping they bring back the birria tacos!
Cómo se dice "literal hole in the wall" en español? If this wasn't a hole in the wall place now, then it most certainly is the epitome of it now. There's a raised open window that you have to be on your tippy toes to order through if you're short like me. They do online ordering with yelp so thankfully I was only at the window long enough to tell them my name. Out through this little window comes the two burritos I ordered, and they were satisfyingly heavy. It's pretty hard to screw up a burrito, but I know an elite one when I taste one, and this was it. Perfect ratios and didn't fall apart at all. I'm pretty sure it was around $10 for 1 - a little more with tip. Worth it. Voy a volver!
This is before the quarantine, but the food here is amazing! I had their vegetarian smothered burrito and you definitely get your money's worth. The burrito itself was stuffed with a bunch of vegetables and not just beans, cheese and rice (which happens a lot for vegetarian mexican dishes) so that was a great. I think the best part is the fact that you can see them cook the food which gives me a lot of assurance that the food is probably being prepared very cleanly if they are willing to show that. The one and only tiny downside was the inside was small so you might have to take it to go if you can't find a seat (which during the current pandemic isn't an issue). Definitely a great place to go!
I was tired of the hipster tacos because they suck, so I was glad to find these authentic tacos and amazing fish and chicken platters the brothers serve.

Try the fish and chicken platter, fish tacos and shrimp tacos were divine.

Not going back to hipster locales ever again
I pulled up to what I thought was Jose's with my boyfriend today.... and saw 'GRAND OPENING' flags and a totally different name on the place. Noooooooo.

Honestly, I was a little skeptical - especially since Jose's was my favorite (close) Mexican joint, great for nights when you don't feel like making the trek to the Mexican-I mean, Italian Market area. 

They totally surpassed my expectations. And if the former owners of Jose's are reading this - I know it's blasphemous! - but Purepecha is good. Better, dare I say it. 

Boyfriend got steak tacos with their hot salsa. The tacos were good, but even better when coated in that delicious stuff. The salsa is smoky, thick, and while it won't set your face on fire (which I like) the flavor alone was a standout. 

My bean burrito was pretty damn flavorful as well, but the winner here was the pork tamale. Jeeeeesus. At $2 a piece, I'm probably going to come back here and just get about 8 of those. They were chock full of meat, thick, and perfectly moist. I hate that word but man I loved these tamales. 

And the decor! While it was delicious, Jose's LOOKED like a total hole-in-the-wall....... the new owners here really made an effort to make this place look happy and colorful! 

Will be back for those freaking tamales and a bath in that salsa.
One beautiful bite. One cheesy, crispy, charred,tender, savory, dipped in chipotle delicious squash blossom quesadilla bite. 

The triangles are too large to hold and get a good bite, so, fold it pizza style and get yourself a nice mouthful because you will want all of these textures and flavors and temps making beautiful taste bud babies in your mouth. 

Decor is nice, it's a cozy spot, although a tad too warm inside. The cleaning of the flat top grill with the metal spatula is an inviting addition to the Mexican music in the background. It feels like frenetic action and tastes like time slowing down. Fresh ingredients prepared with flavor!
I'm from the west coast and desperately missed Mexican food when I moved here. This is the closest thing I have found to California Mexican food. Definitely worth the try.
Delicious and fresh food. The chips and salsa were so good, as were the tacos. Will definitely be back soon.
Came here during COVID because the craving for tacos were too strong. We got our food through a window, you call in and let them know you're here for pickup and the wait wasn't too long, just call ahead.

Now onto the main event of this review. The Baja taco might not look like much. Heck at first glance you might not even be able to tell what it is from the picture. Under that array of vegetables and avocado slices are three tacos containing crispy fish with chipotle sauce. Absolutely delicious and just made me want more! Only thing is that I wish there was more sauce on it. Absolutely great and would go back again.
El Purepecha is a hole-in-the-wall, homestyle Mexican establishment that has recently re-opened it doors and man is it GOOD! I treat myself to either their El Pastor Burrito or Fried Fish Tacos once a week after my workouts. The El Pastor has a wonderful balance of juicy meatiness from the pork and the sweetness from the pineapples they add. The Fried Fish Tacos have a crunchy exterior with the fish meat inside being light and flakey. The toppings are fresh, fragrant, and bursting with beautiful colors. I highly recommend giving this place a shot, whether it be eat-in or take out!

Pros:
-- Homestyle, authentic Mexican food
-- Fresh, delicious, and very filling 
-- CHEAP!

Cons:
-- Looks sketchy from the outside, but the inside is very beautiful with a lot of the furniture painted in Mexican mosaics
This place is really authentic reasonably priced great Mexican food. I personally love the Baja and fish tacos and the mushroom quesadillas. It's byob with counter seating with about 3 tables. Tiny place but oh so good!  Certainly one of the highlights of the Eraserhood. If I read one more review about how this place looks sketchy from the outside, I'm going to lose my mind. Get over it! It's not Rittenhouse Square! Inside is clean and welcoming and the owners/staff are talented and friendly.
I really did want to love this place. After seeing all the great reviews, I decided to try it. Please note, my review may be very biased, since I'm from San Diego where Mexican food is amazing. But I ordered the Steak Burrito from here and it was just okay.

Don't get me wrong. It wasn't terrible by any means. In fact, it's probably the best burrito Ive had since moving to philly. But is it the best burrito I've EVER had? Sadly no. The price was great though, especially for the portion. Customer service was also great - I was greeted right away. 

So bottom line, I'd for sure come back to try other things. But I'll also still be on the search for other Mexican restaurants.
I love this hidden gem - it's delicious and so easy on the wallet. 

I call it hidden because from the outside, you would hardly notice that it exists without the simple sign that hangs above the red door. The small cozy restaurant sits in corner without a lot of windows, but it is a gem. 

The food is excellent and authentic, perhaps one of my favorite Mexican places in Philly. I had never had a sope before I came here, and that was a tasty new experience as well. The service seems great, but it's very very small and I think large orders can easily overwhelm them. For instance, one time we went in a decently large group (probably around 9 people or so), and it took a really long time for the orders to come out, and we definitely couldn't all sit together. 

The interior is very simple yet colorful and vibrant. Overall, it's a wonderful no-frills type of restaurant that knows its Mexican food.
Great authentic Mexican food. I did not try delivery like another dude said, but I would recommend going in. The interior is clean and colorful. I liked everything I have got here. I will be back for my Mexican fix for sure!
El Purepecha is an absolute foodie's dream, except on hot busy nights, then you gotta sweat off a few pounds before you eat their delicious tacos.

Must get: al pastor tacos
Meh: chicken, carnitas
Missed: burritos and sopas

As a foodie, I always welcome any hole-in-the-wall joints with freshly made ingredients for tacos and burritos. El Purepecha hits all of those marks with the one caveat that if you come to dine when it's busy, the chefs will usually make the food for the to-go folks than the dine-in patrons. Normally, I would have loved to sit next to the kitchen, see all of the cooks at work, grilling all of the meat to order, but when the room is scorching hot and it took an hour to get 9 tacos to be placed on our table, that's a little bit too much.

Back to the food: it's fantastic. The wife and I weren't particularly hungry, so we opted out on the more popular super stuffed burritos. Of the 3 taco choices, we tried and loved the al pastor. Every taco was stuffed to the brim with freshly grilled meats and the super spicy hot sauce made me reconsider going grocery shopping after dinner for a gallon of milk. The chicken and carnita, while tasty was a bit overcooked, dry and not as flavorful as the al pastor.

Ultimately, this deserves to be a 5-star shop, but I'd love for the shop owners to either consider installing some sort of AC unit or cater to the dine-in patrons first before making all the food for the to-go folks.

Food: 5 stars
Price: 5 stars
Service: 3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
best tacos I've ever had！ So great！reasonable price! Small place but tastes really good!
Looks sketchy on the outside, but is much nicer inside - fun with colorful tables and chairs.  Got chorizo and fish tacos and chips and guacamole, all was good, especially the chorizo tacos.  Great to find an authentic Mexican restaurant nearby.
I came here after seeing pictures of burrito mojado where a big burrito covered with sauce. Looks very enticing.

This place is very clean, spacious, cozy, and bright from the sunlight. I arrived 10 minutes before it opened. I saw a staff cleaning the restaurant. 

The menu is available by scanning the QR code at the hostess station. I ordered burrito mojado rojo. She asked my preference on the spice level. Very courteous and friendly lady.

It's November 14 but the restaurant is nicely decorated with Christmas decorations. There's also a bowl of trick or treats candy near the door.

Unfortunately the sauce is leaking from the styrofoam container so by the time I got home, there's nothing left on top of the burrito. I was disappointed. However, the burrito was delicious, flavorful is on point. Al pastor meat is not dry.

I didn't realize that the restaurant hadn't returned my credit card. Fortunately the staff reached me through my Instagram to notify me. What a customer service.

My suggestion is to put the wet burrito in a sturdier and more sealed container or put the sauce separately in a sealed container. Maybe next time I will bring my own sealed container because I will definitely come back.

By the way, they are serving brunch too.
Just thinking about this food is making me hungry and I have barely started this review! My husband found this place on one of the delivery options (not sure if it is Uber Eats, Grub Hub, etc). I love all types of latin food and get excited when we find one that we find that is flavorful, good portions and reasonably priced. 

I have had the carnitas tostadas (comes in an order of 3 topped with lettuce, tomatoes and avocado) which was delicious/crispy after delivery. More recently my husband ordered the carnitas with rice and black beans. Now, I'm Puerto-Rican and am picky about rice and beans. I couldn't stop eating his food haha. So good! In my opinion, the carnitas tasted like pernil which is a Puerto-Rican pork dish. 

The food is very affordable and portions are generous. I look forward to trying more on their menu.
We always loved takeout from their old location, but the new El Purepecha is even better! Imagine all of the their consistently-wonderful food, friendly service, and familiar faces...only in a big, beautiful dine-in space (with takeout still available)!

The house margarita is a solid go-to to start our meals. Add a side of their craveable guacamole and chips, and you can't go wrong to warm up! Their nachos have always been pretty good for takeout/delivery, but it doesn't take much imagination to correctly guess that eating them in-house is 1000x better. If you've got a voracious appetite or a larger group, definitely order the nachos, too!

As for the rest of the menu, we've really never had anything bad in all of our visits. My wife is obsessed with their pork al pastor tacos. The al pastor also goes really well in a burrito mojado with salsa verde! I also can't seem to stop ordering the mole con pollo burrito, either. Their mole is delicious! We've tried all of the tacos, and they've all been solid, as well as almost every burrito combination. There's definitely a home run for everyone on the menu!

Overall, you can't go wrong with El Purepecha. Or at least we haven't had a bad experience in all of our weekly visits since they opened the new location! Enjoy!
I came here on Saturday with my sister. El Purepecha totally satisfied the Mexican food craving I had. The restaurant is definitely a hole in the wall, but in the best way possible; great food in a  laid back setting. We started off with the chips and cheese dip. Since I love homemade salsa, I asked for a side of medium salsa. I received the tastiest salsa verde I've ever had! My sister and I both ordered the Burrito de Frijoles Beans. The burrito was so fluffy. By that I mean it was on the heavy side filled with guac, cheese, pico de gallo, rice and beans. It's definitely the best bean burrito I've had in Philly so far!  It was such a reasonably priced meal. I think my sister and I paid $20 for everything we ordered. I will definitely be back here to try their fish tacos and get more of that delicious salsa verde!
Wonderful homestyle Mexican food. Cute little spot,clean when I went they said they only been open 3 weeks. I ordered the nachos supreme with chicken n hubby got the chicken quesadilla.  My food was awesome! Everything tasted fresh n it was prepared quickly. We will.def be returning when we are in the area!
You know the old saying "don't judge a book by its covers" well this place is just that! El Purepecha looks like a old house from the outside but inside is decorated and lively! I'm surprised I didn't discover this place sooner as my friend used to live right down the street from it.

We order the bean burrito and bean tostadas because I am a vegetarian! They were very accommodating with substituting beans for meat and even gave us the option to add fried peppers and onions. The bean burrito has too much rice so I was a bit disappointed and was really mushy. The tostadas were perfect! They were thin, crispy, and airy! Each bite was full of flavor! We got both items with the hot salsa and even asked for hot salsa on the side and when they say it's hot they really mean it! Our mouths were burning but we were definitely satisfied!

We will probably be back for the tostadas to try some more items on the menu!
Best al pastor burrito in Philly.

I tried their other items on the menu but it seemed hard to compare to their burrito. Specifically the al pastor burrito.
I've been going to this place since they were a little hole in the wall and it's awesome to see how they have matured and found a nice place for themselves.

The burrito is a size of a baby and even has guac inside. Quite rare sight without it being an extra addition. Food is priced well. I prob eat it at least once a month when I'm in the area. It used to be once a week when I lived nearby!

Don't sleep on the al pastor burrito. After you eat it, you yourself will be a happy burrito and will be induced into a happy nap on your couch.

Overall 4.3/5
Wish the other menu items stood out more. 
There are better taco places imo but I only come for one thing now and never disappoints. Al pastor burrito.
A hidden gem!!! Kind employees, amazing delicious food, beautiful art 

check out the grilled shrimp burrito
Don't judge this place by its looks! It's definitely a hole in the wall, but the food is delicious! I've ordered both Grubhub delivery and also pick-up from here and have never been disappointed! The food is consistently good. I love their chips and salsa as well as their enchiladas.
I grew up in San Diego and have spent several months in Mexico. I have a very high standard for Mexican food and have been very disappointed in Philly. Purepecha is now my "go to" though. It's delicious, non-fancy, non-fusion, normal Mexican food. If you want wasabi tempeh tacos move along down the road. If you want legit, no frills Mexican though, head to Purepecha. Also, the staff is friendly and the decorations are pretty. It's the only reason I can think of to head to that neighborhood, but it's worth the trip!
First timer's take (for a delivery order):

Food: overall, pretty good. The steak burrito, which had a decent amount of steak in it, was very flavorful and had a nice spice to it; we'd order it again. The bean burrito was filling but pretty bland and was basically just a ton of rice and refried beans, bummer. (The menu reads as though all burritos come w/lettuce, tomato, etc. but that wasn't really the case.) We would not order it again.  The squash blossom quesadilla was excellent and we absolutely would order it again. The chips and salsa were ok (not bad, not great, skip unless you really need a crunchy component for your meal).  

Packaging: sturdy, no drips/spills, and nothing was missing from the order. 

Verdict: The quesadilla alone earns 5 stars but accounting for everything else, 4 (and really closer to 3.5 yelps if we could give half stars). We're going to give this place another go to find more gems on the menu...
So tasty! I definitely prefer El Purepecha over anywhere I've been in the Italian Market's Mexican neighborhood -- save for South Philly Barbacoa, which is on another level. Their salsas and guac they make themselves and are really something. I've never had roasted chipotle salsa like that before. I'd honestly buy it alone for home. Food is nice, and not greasy. Nice folks running a small business :) 

I hear great things about their mole, but have yet to try it!

Tip: If you're ordering take out during a busy time, they always take longer than expected. Show up ~15 mins late. This is not a problem for sit-down service.
First time there today, and they were missing a couple of things off of the menu (no tamales or fried fish tacos).  Got a torta, instead, and it was alright.  A little on the plain side, but serviceable.  The cook kind of messed up my friend's taco order a bit, so no 5 star review.  I'd try it again, so you might as well give it a shot.  We need more taco places around here.
I stopped by this little gem yesterday and it is definitely a hole in a wall place, almost walked passed it! As I walked in, I was pleasantly surprised by the beautiful Spanish decor and above average housekeeping. The place is smaller, fitting about 3 tables and some counter space but a lot of people do takeout or delivery as well. 

I ordered the Wet Burrito and my friend got the shrimp tacos. The burrito was probably the best I've ever had: huge burrito stuffed with perfectly seasoned rice, chunks of al pastor, gooey cheese, surrounded by mouth watering mole sauce. I demolished the whole thing, and it wasn't even my cheat day. My friend said the shrimp tacos were well seasoned and delicious as well. Best of all the price point for this restaurant is very cheap! Most of the items will be under $10 including my $8.50 monster burrito. 

My only gripe about this place was the service.. When we got here none of the staff acknowledged us and we had to ask them if we can just sit. We sat for about 5-10 minutes and no one came to our table so I just grabbed menus when the man noticed us again and said he'd come to our table. Lastly, we never got any water and when I asked, he charged us $1 each for bottled water. I thought complimentary water was customary at every restaurant? 

Overall, my experience with the food was very good. The staff seemed busy so I tried to look past the sub-par service but hopefully this improves as in house diners should just be important if not more than take out orders.. I will be back though, can't pass up on delicious Spanish food just a block away from me in Chinatown!
This place was great when was Jose's. now there are new owners and I think it is even better.  They did a  really nice job with the inside of the restaurant.  We have been here a couple of times and the food is authentic, cheap, and delicioso!
Consistent, easy, and probably one of the better eats of the area. 
Personally I like their chicken mole burrito, but their al pastor is probably the best I've had.
I'd choose them over chipotle or district taco any day.
We had Nachos Grande and a salad with grilled chicken. Both were excellent and I can't wait for the bar to open!
This place is small. Like maybe ten people can sit down. It's a casual place where you order at the register and your food is delivered to you. It was very busy on a Friday night. There is no liquor there but It's very close to love city brewing and the patio for drinks afterward.

 I shared a wet burrito with my partner and it was honestly a let down. We expected the sauce to be a mole but was very bland and made the entire burrito taste boring. I tasted a bite of my friend's veggie burrito and it was significantly better. The rice inside was very flavorful. It included guacamole inside the burrito, making it even better! I also tried another friend's Carnitas burrito and it was also way better than our wet burrito. I could really taste the rice and the carnitas was deliciously greasy. 

I would definitely go back but never order the wet burrito again.
This is my #1 Latino spot to eat from. I was introduce to the establishment through my job. They order lunch from here during a meeting one day and I have been hooked ever since. The authenticity of the taste is amazing. The food taste the same way every time you order. My first time eating here I had the chicken burrito which left a lasting impression. The way the flavors compliment each other in the burrito is outstanding. It makes want to higher one of them as personal chef hahaha.

After which I began to try other items and found my favorite item the shrimp burrito. They take a lot of pride in the food that they produce and each order is made the way it should be. The setting is very small And doesn't leave much room to eat inside. There is an open kitchen so you can see everything be prepared right in front of you. 

This place is always busy and there is a clear understanding of why. If you are going to order from here during lunch hours during work call in advance. If you have the time pop in and try it out. You will not be disappointed.
Though I admittedly haven't tried many Mexican places in Philly, this is my favorite Mexican place in Philly. The food is great, the helpings are large, the people are friendly, and the prices are easy on the wallet. I also like that the restaurant feels kind of hidden in a forgotten nook of Callowhill. I will definitely eat here again!
I love this place. It isn't much to look at but the food is always really good. There's also a nice girl who works there who doesn't speak English very well but is always very friendly regardless. The food comes out reasonably quick and it never disappoints. I'm glad to be in the same neighborhood as these guys.
A delicious little corner taco store with more than just tacos. You won't find hard shelled chalupas here, but the menu does have a pretty wide selection of Mexican staples. The downside is that this lack of specialization means it takes a bit longer for your food too be ready. This is especially notable if it's full and there are a good amount of people ahead of you AND grubhub coming in to pick up deliveries. 

I usually go with an order of 3 al pastor with just a tad of the hot sauce. It's delicious and cheap. I'm not sure if the hot sauce is house made, but it's definitely spicy and has me sweating much more than generic ones you'd find at tex mex restaurants. 

I don't really order anything else besides the tacos. It's BYOB too.
Service = 5 stars
Value = 5 stars
Cleanliness = 2 stars
Food = 4 stars

As others have shared, it's a hole-in-the-wall. As long as your party is 4 or fewer, it should be OK.  

The server was kind and patient with our 101 questions about a standard Mexican food menu and my gripes about not having fruit punch Jarritos.

The washroom smells like 3 weeks worth of urine covered with one swipe of Pine Sol. There were no paper towels which made me think the staff didn't need them. Yikes!

After the washroom & praying hard over the food, my hubby had the pork tostadas and I had a chicken chimichanga. Both were flavorful and the meats were moist. The chips with our appetizer tasted QUITE stale, unfortunately. The guac tasted like it had cream cheese in it. Not bad, just weird. Maybe not enough lemon or lime?

Our bill for chips & guac + 2 entrees + soda = $30. Good deal!  Several locals dropped by for carry out while we were there so that's a good recommendation.
Walking by this place you probably wouldn't give it a second look but the mystery was too intriguing to not give it a shot. Friends and I ordered chorizo burrito and the nachos which came quick and still hot. The burrito was HUGE and absolutely delicious and messy but wouldn't want Mexican food any other way. Nachos were fresh and yummy. Definitely will eat again.
Great food and friendly staff! It's very small and in an odd part of Callowhill, but don't let the appearance deceive you. 

When you enter, you're immediately in the small, cozy kitchen/dining area. It's like sitting in someone's kitchen. It's super casual--If you want a soda you need to walk over the the fridge in the back and grab it yourself. They have a bottle opener at the counter. 

Came here on a rainy afternoon. We sat at the counter by the open kitchen area, chatted with our waiter and watched them prepare our food. Had the Wet Burrito and would definitely recommend. Delicious, juicy meat, great sauce and flavorful. Service was slow but very friendly. Probably spent about an hour and quarter or so here. Definitely don't come here if you want to get in and out ASAP. 

I would recommend not going here on a night when Union Transfer (around the corner) has a show as the dining room is TINY (might seat ~12 total). Otherwise, this place is great. One of my favorite spots in this part of Philly.
El Purepecha is a hidden gem right across the street from the newly opened Love City brewery. From the outside, you would never guess that it's a restaurant. 

It's completely no frills, but everything is authentic and made to order. The menu is fairly extensive and the staff is extremely accommodating. We asked if we could add an extra taco to our order (four instead of three) and it was no problem at all. As for the tacos themselves, I inhaled my half of the tacos within a couple minutes. Actually, the tacos come with two tortillas and they gave us so much filling that I made my second taco into two tacos. 

I only wish El Purepecha was closer to me, but I have a feeling I might do the drinks at Love City/dinner at El Purepecha combo again soon.
It's true...  treat yourself to a delicious meal here.  The black beans and the salsa are soooo good!
The carnita tacos pass my authenticity test so far but I'm awaiting my al pastor before I can caste final judgement. If you're a real Mexican food connoisseur you know how difficult it is to find a basic meal at a fair price in this city, let alone North. Thank God it's a Mexican restaurant where you can actually order rice and beans. Wow so much to ask for in this city I guess but thankfully this place has this covered. Been wanting to try this for a while and I was happy to find street parking right on the block. This place is right by Union Transfer so during events that's the only time I envision parking being difficult. 

Anyway, to the food. The tacos at least come in a quantity of 3 on 2 tortillas equipped with your essential choice of meat, cilantro, lime, onions and choice of salsa. They offer to add the Americanized cheese, tomatoes and sour cream which I would advise you to decline and keep them the way they're supposed to be. Meat is carefully cooked allowing you to taste the flavor in every bite. Mhmm they also have a menu full of any type of enchilada, tostada, sopa, burrito, etc.. you could desire.

Love the welcoming set up in here with the mosaic counters and chairs. Looking forward to my al pastor tacos among other things.
Funky hours to check before you go/order. Little hole in the wall with the most amazing Burritos. Everything is really fresh and tasty. Big fan!
Unbelievable!! Quick and delicious tacos and wonderful service. Will definitely be back!!!
This has to be hands down top 3 Mexican spots in Philly. Their food is sooo good. They have a variety of options, food is fresh, colorful and well seasoned.

I am particular fond of their sopes but really you can't go wrong. Love you can pick which salsas  you want to go with your food.  However I'm sure it doesn't matter - If you pick Tacos, burritos or any platter you won't be disappointed.
Excellent Mexican food with a few shortcomings that may not really be shortcomings depending on your expectations. Let's start with the good/great - the mole is money. Mole chicken enchiladas or burrito is a unique and (seemingly authentic from what I can gather) delicious, rich sauce that is definitely worth trying. The al pastor and shrimp tacos are light, fresh, and hit the spot. Everything is made fresh and in full display. The kitchen is small but clean, efficient and give me much more confidence than bigger restaurants with closed kitchens. The minor shortcomings are the chips and salsa are suboptimal but I prefer the tex mex type pureed tomato, cilantro and onion type sauce. They take a bit of time - which is understandable given everything is made to order (mole is made batch by batch!). The prices are a few dollars more than one would expect as well. 

Nonetheless, I'm super grateful this place is around. Nothing quite hits the spot like a little El Purepecha take out and homemade margaritas!
Was craving an authentic "California-style" Mexican burrito night after a long day of quarantine studying.
Ordered for the first time via Grub hub and we walked over to this neighborhood spot.
In regards to timing - it took about an hour to have the order made; granted it was a busy saturday night in Philadelphia and many grub hub/uber eats drivers outside waiting for orders. Staff was very friendly when we arrived & gave us an appropriate estimate of how long the food was going to take.
The Food
- Nachos (without meat): Excellent; great flavoring of beans, cheese, and jalapenos
- Wet Burrito: AMAZING; felt like I was back in california eating in a hole-in-the-wall burrito. Flavors were excellent & savory every bite.
- Chicken Burrito: Not as flavorful, but also quite yummy. 

Overall - we thoroughly enjoyed and would say it is the best mexican take-out restaraunt in philly we have thus far tried!
One word to describe this place - fantastic!!! My boyfriend claimed that he had the best burrito of his life here. The al pastor is was tender and flavorful. The totastas (what i got) we're amazing as well. As someone who has eaten at all of the popular Mexican places in the city, this was my favorite.
I LOVE EL PUREPECHA.  There are many great places to get a burrito in Philadelphia.  El Purpecha's flavors, price point, and burrito size make it #1.  Order the burrito mojado.  You won't regret it.  

I have ordered from El Purepecha since it was a BYO hole-in-the-wall on 10th Street.  About 2 years ago they moved to a much larger, well decorated location on 12th.  Sadly, no longer BYO but I can now take larger groups of friends and we can all fit in the restaurant.  My boyfriend and I make it a point to order from here at LEAST once a month (admittedly, I have ordered the same thing from El Purepecha [the wet burrito] for lunch two days in a row).  I have ordered pickup, delivery, and dined in dozens of times and have never been disappointed.  Service inside is always friendly but sometimes a little slow.  

Nachos are great.  They sometimes serve birra tacos as a special (follow their Instagram for updates).  I'm a big sucker for their vegetarian wet burrito.  Steak and chicken burritos are delicious as well.  Tostadas are solid and filling.  Boyfriend recently ordered a torta and that baby was HUGE.  

Do you get the idea yet?  Next time you're craving Mexican, check this place out!
Great place! Really great tamarind margarita, food, and friendly service. Would recommend!
Best chorizo tacos around. I order from there far too often :) The team is very nice too and I have referred tons of people to this restaurant and they all love it too!
A wonderful surprise in the midst of the Callowhill / Chinatown neighborhood. Excellent food, service and comfortable place to hang out for cocktails. Love it!!!
Ordered takeout during covid. It was great, no frills Mexican food. Everything was seasoned nicely and had good flavor. The portions and prices were reasonable. 

Let's be clear, these aren't El Vez tacos, these are solid, authentic, classic tacos. I love a good fancy taco, don't get me wrong, but these were delicious in their own right. 

Additionally the staff was extremely friendly and helpful!
Great spot!! The decor is so adorable with bright colors and screams authenticity! Staff was friendly and attentive. We got the chips and guacamole as a starter and they were good! We even had guacamole leftover because there was so much! For the main meal my friends and I  got the tingA, al pastor and carnitas tacos and then exchanged with eachother to make a nice little sampler!They were all delicious and the hot sauce was a nice touch!  The drinks were very good and well made! We will definitely be returning!
Best sopes & tostadas I've ever had! Their chorizo, al pastor & crispy carnitas are very flavorful. Tortillas on the taco could use some time on the griddle though, we ended up ditching them and mostly eating the filling. Great salsa roja - thick, perfect heat level, deep roasty chilé flavor.
Came here for a date last month and the food was great! The tacos were so flavorful and full. The drinks were good as well and they had many flavors for drinks. They have such cute decor as well!! Felt like I was home!

Only issue is they close pretty early during the week but the waiter was kind to not rush us.
Unbelievable food and SUCH a cute, trendy place. I guess they've remodeled recently as a lot of the pictures of the interior/exterior are outdated now. So so so good.
Best burrito i had in Philly! great price and great quantity love it!

Definitely recommend
This place is amazing. The interior is small but it didn't matter because the service and food was top notch. Might be my new favorite Mexican spot in the city.
I've eaten here 3 times and always loved the food. The enchiladas are great, and today I had beef quesadillas, which were also outstanding. The food comes fast. The guys are nice. It's a cozy place with only 4-5 tables along a wall, with a counter behind which the food is prepared. Nice, colorful decor. Some things that are different than other Mexican places: 

* No chips and salsa, unless you order them for $5. 
* No rice & beans with most dishes. (You can order them. $2.50 each)
* No lunch specials.
* Order at the counter and they bring it to you.

Not saying those things are good or bad, but now you know what to expect. The food, as I said, is delicious.
Came here for a little date night the other night, it was my first time visiting. The place is super cute restaurant featuring a bar in the middle with plenty of tables all around. When we walked in we did have to wait a few minutes to get seated even though the tables were mostly empty since it was early - this seemed to be due to many to-go orders being fulfilled, which honestly makes me happy because if to-go is swamped that's usually a good sign for how the food will be. Once the host saw us she greeted us promptly and sat us and we were off to the races. Overall to the service was great, everyone was super friendly and attentive. 

The menu is TOP NOTCH. I'm from SoCal and have miss solid Mexican Restaurant menus with their expensive menu where I look abs look and look because I just want it all; this menu lives up to that to a degree. We ordered drinks, which they don't have a lot of signature cocktails but with an full bar I'm sure they can make anything. For dinner we both had the Carne Asada Burrito, but we ordered it Wet with Rojo Sauce; I got mine without sour cream. The burritos are filled with Carne, rice, beans, lettuce, sour cream, guacamole, and a salsa of your choosing which we both got mild which is essentially pico de gallo. I did get their hot sauce on the side which is a fire roasted red sauce, I add that to the bites of my burrito and was in heaven. The portions are large, so take that into consideration. The food was DELICIOUS. I always order Carne Asada at Mexican Restaurants when trying them as it's a staple and tells me how good the chefs / preparation is. I was so happy to find the meat was well seasoned and cooked, it wasn't dry and it wasn't fatty at all. I was so happy I ate the entire burrito! 

This is definitely becoming a new staple in my weekly dine-in or take-out options. I cannot wait to try more.
