A Yelp review turned me on to this place and it did not disappoint. I'm a big fan of pizza, Wings, fries, beer and wine. Gonna put it out there I'm a pizza snob. I generally don't like square or thick crust but bayyyy beeee! That square girl Roni Supreme she's like the combo of the name 'The Ronettes' and 'The Supreme(s)', saucy, spicy, cheesy and in a class all their own. I know showing my age. Back to Emmy Squared.

Because of a fellow Yelper I knew there was rooftop dining it wasn't offered/mentioned I had to ask. Glad I did. The view isn't stunning but the deck is and that bar let me tell you, fabulous. I'm glad it took some time to make my pizza but that gave me time to enjoy the outdoors, I felt like I was on a yacht. Well I have a very vivid imagination. During Covid any little thing can help. I took on the breeze and sipped my Hibiscus Tequila Punch it's small and light on liquor for the price but tasty.

As for the service it was adequate I'm neutral on reviewing that. The deck and the pizza is enough for many return visits and recommendations.
I've been to Philly's Emmy Squared twice now, and it's quickly becoming a favorite for a fun and affordable night out. It's ideal for groups, because you can taste more from the menu, and the tables are spaced appropriately so you don't feel too on top of anyone. 

What made our recent visit so great was our server, Chris. I was dining with my siblings and our respective partners and we are a family who loves to eat. Chris did a great job guiding us so we had just the right amount of food without going overboard. That was hugely appreciated. 

Between six of us, everyone had 1-2 drinks, and we ordered four pizzas and the burger (Le Big Matt). There's a great option to upgrade the pizzas to more of a meal with salad and garlic bread for three dollars per person. Our server suggested we add this option for three people and that would be more than enough for the table to share. He was exactly right as any more than that would have been too much before the main course. We all loved the garlic bread and the salad was dressed in a tangy Italian dressing that provided a great start to the meal. 

The four pizzas we ordered were demolished and the margarita was, once again, my favorite of the bunch. The cheese is creamy perfection and the generous helping of red sauce cuts right through the richness. I didn't try the burger but the fries that went along with it were great. 

Don't sleep on the desserts! Between my two visits, I've tried both the banana and chocolate puddings and they are large enough to share and very tasty. My only wish is that they add hot coffee in addition to their iced coffee. 

I'm thrilled Emmy Squared has made its way to Philly and look forward to my next visit!
Wow ! Emmy pizza is a huge hit. We just got back from eating some of the best pizza I have ever had. 
Parking was very easy with a lot about 100 yards from the restaurant. The seating was immediate and the waitress was at our table before we were even settled in. The dining room is brand new with a modern flair. The staff was unbelievably professional and very friendly. 
We ordered two pies, the Vodka and the Colony. 
Both pies were unbelievably tasty. We also ordered a burger, Le Big Matt. It was perfectly executed and I could not put it down. I ate the whole thing and it was very large. My Wife ordered two drinks, the Nephew Will and the With Love from Emily. She enjoyed both of them very much. The prices are very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food you receive. 
I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone of my friends or family. I will definitely be back to try all of the pies that they offer. My Wife is very excited about this place, as am I.
I have been waiting to go to Emmy Squared for like...ever. I work in Rittenhouse area so I have to drive over to the spot.

So hop in the car and drive over - nooo parking to pick up order. Lot across the street $15 for 10 min...no thank you. 

I find a spot after 20 min (kid you not) driving around. My spot was iffy so I dash over to pick up order. Mask on - ask the bartender in front where to pick up. She says "side entrance, go straight to back". I walk in side and start walking to the back. Gal says rudely "can I help you"?  Then in a snarky tone proceeds to tell me where to get order. The place was dead so she wasn't stressed with guests. It put a bad taste in my mouth, just be nice please. 

Now for the food - Excellent! The pizza is to die for. I had the Angel pie (mushroom heaven) white pie and got the Roni Supreme for my kids who devoured it. The Nashville hot chicken sammy...amazing! The radishes and crunchy pickles on the sandwich had my taste buds singing. 

I would go back for the food again, was even worth begging my way with the nice parking meter man out of a ticket. But they need to check the staff a little, you don't know the lengths people are taking (especially during pandemic) to try your food.
I gave the original Emily in NYC a 5 star review in February of 2019. I was excited when they opened this Philly outpost. I had the Le Big Matt burger with waffle fries delivered. The burger was just as juicy and delicious as the NYC version. The pretzel bun may look too thick but it's soft and absorbs the burger juices perfectly. I'm generally disappointed when I get fries delivered. They get cold quickly as lose something on delivery. But although the waffle fries were no longer warm they were still tasty and did not disappoint. 

I'm looking forward to the day I can dine in at Emmy Squared. I'm happy to report that it seems it will be the same 5 star experience I had in NYC.
I've been an Emmy fan since their start of Pizza Loves Emily in BK. When moving away from NYC it was a place on my I will miss you list. 

I was beyond excited when I saw the Philly location open as I'm now in PA and Philly is an easy drive away. 

Location is prime and spacious. Large dining area, bar seating, and a french cafe style seating in the bar area as well. Hostess service was attentive and welcoming upon entering, waitress service was efficient and kind. 

You come here for the pizza, and one or two should always be ordered.  But i gotta give it to the sammies this round bc they are there and noteworthy and must be ordered. 

Fried Green Tomato sandwich. Do not hesitate ordering this. It's written perfectly on the menu and it delivers. This was an absolutely incredible, perfectly composed sandwich. Two crispy friend green tomatoes, special Sammy sauce and the best pimento cheese spread I have ever had in my life. Must be the hatch chili infusion. And add the bacon for sure. 

Chicken Parm sandwich, d a m n . A classic executed to perfection. 

On this visit, the burger, Le Big Matt, homage to the Big Mac was sadly a miss and our worst item ordered. I've had this many times in the past but this time, the burg was dripping of grease and made for a soggy bottom bun and lettuce and much sliding around of ingredients where you were left constantly having to push everything back in the burger with every bite. For $19 I expect perfection as I've had in the past. 

Pizzas, they are damn good. I get the Roni Supreme every single time bc it's perfect every single time and I cannot pass up roni cups. Looking forward to trying so of their Philly only creations and their Nashville Hot Chicken Za on a future visit. 

Other than the burger let down, this location was to par with the original and I appreciate that. 

But that Fried Green Tomato sandwich, this will be on my mind for sometime. I hope it stays on the menu bc it was truly perfect. 

Welcome to Philadelphia Emmy Squared, I appreciate you coming to the neighborhood!
Since trying proper square pizza in Detroit, we have been on the lookout for the same on the east coast. We finally struck gold at Emmy Squared. The restaurant offers gorgeous seats downstairs and on their rooftop with the perfect view of the city. Their bar also offers great fantastic mixed drinks that pair great with their amazing pizzas. We also tried their burger and we're floored with how juicy and delicious it was. This place is a must try!
Ate here a few weeks back. Awesome ambiance and super kid friendly -- several families with kids were there while my creeps and I dined. Wine list is fairly decent. Service was attentive, but, like many reviewers mentioned, that's where it ends. Ordered a Caesar salad and it was good. Ordered the Colony^2....for some reason in my mind I thought it was going to be this incredibly substantial deep dish pizza. Whomp, whomp it was TINY! My six-year old ate 4 of the six slices, the two year-old had 1.5 slices. Ordered a second, the Deluxe, and still only took home two slices.

Caesar: I like my Caesar served as a whole Romaine heart, so points for that. Dressing was a little too fishy for my taste. Bonus points for the copious amounts of cheese. 

Colony^2: ordered it because I love hot honey on my pizza ever since I had it on the spicy soppressata at Nomad. What a disappointment. Didn't taste it at all on the pizza and the rest of it was just meh. 

Deluxe: reminds me of DiGiorno's. Just meh. 

Wanted the hot chicken pizza, but I couldn't talk myself into forking out that much coin for -- IMO -- the high potential for disappointment. Decor was cute; kids and I played "I Spy" trying to count all the dinosaurs in our area. Unfortunately, that's it for me. Would be nice if happy hour extended into the main dining room or at least drink specials were offered to us exhausted lemmings who like to dine away from the bar while we quietly tell our kids to stop making fart jokes at the dinner table. 

TL;DR: better pizza in Philly than here. Maybe go for a drink then head somewhere else. For the price, I expected something a lot more mind blowing to go with all the hype.
Side note: my friend and I had reservations right before everything was mandated for shut down for the pandemic. We cancelled before everything was official because it was just too weird. This is the first time eating from here since that fateful day. 
The Italian salad was delicious. Great flavor and texture. The Brussel salad was also so good but way too small  portion-wise so that was a bummer. The pizza was thick, tasty but dough-y in the middle. We tried to make things right by way of a toaster oven but the center wasn't cooked through so the toaster oven just provided heat. I gave four stars for flavor. But a cooked through pizza would have been so good.
In a word, overrated. I would give it 3.5 stars if it was an option, but unfortunately it's not. I was so excited to try Emmy Squared - the pizzas looked delicious and the burger seemed like one that would be crave worthy. That said, upon our first visit, I was left underwhelmed with no desire to return anytime soon. 

The bar staff was nice enough (we elected to sit in the bar), but they weren't on par with many of the experiences that keep me coming back to a certain number of places. We had the fried halloumi which was the high point of the meal but even that had its own issue - the marinara made sense but for an already salty item (and I love salt) the anchovy and caper sauce as the second dipper seemed excessive. The Detroit style margherita pizza was good enough, but I have had better - and at $19 it really wasn't worth it. And the burger was good but I have had better here, too. 

With so many delicious restaurants in Philly, I would rather spend my money elsewhere for now.
The pizza is fine, not great - but pretty small for what you get: 6 small squares at about $15 pizza. 

What really turned me off was the service. After confirming a birthday dessert with the restaurant the day before our reservation, I also spoke with the hostess when we arrived for our reservation to confirm the birthday dessert. My friend also confirmed with the hostess. The hostess said "Don't worry, we got it." That's three times they confirmed they'd bring out the birthday dessert. Three. 

Fast forward to dessert... no candle, wrong dessert, and no manager, hostess, or server to be found ANYWHERE. I finally find a server and explain that we had requested a birthday dessert  - of which they respond loudly in front of our table, "NOBODY TOLD ME!" Eventually a dessert with a candle is slammed onto our table. Happy Birthday. 

There's much better pizza and much better service elsewhere all over the city. Skip this.
Recently caught Emmy Squared on The Flay List. That episode had our mouths watering and minds super curious about visiting on our next trip up to NYC, so we couldn't believe that a location was about to open nearby! As the time passed prior to opening, our growing excitement must've begun to affect our expectations, because we walked in expecting magical things. Instead, we just got an okay experience.

The space is nice, and the staff is friendly. We sat at the bar, but the bar program seems a little thin on drink options. Clearly not an area that they've formed their reputation on, so don't go in expecting anything special in cocktail form. It's not that they can't make good drinks, but they're not stocking a ton of spirits. The bar staff was nice, but definitely didn't offer up the energy we would've hoped to see in a new hot spot looking to impress.

Unfortunately, the food failed to measure up to our expectations. We had heard great things about the burger, and it's good, but it's not THAT good. Flavors fall into the greasy smash burger category, for better or worse. The bun could be great, but you better get that thing off of the tray quickly and eat fast, because the greasiness will start to dissolve the bottom half of the bun rapidly. This is definitely a once-you-pick-it-up-you-don't-put-it-down burger. Not so much because it's delicious, but because you'll need a fork if you don't attack first and fast. Overall, it's a good burger, but there are better options if an excellent burger is what you're seeking. Perhaps they should serve the burgers on the same cooling trays that the pizza comes on to allow the grease to get trapped in the tray instead of the bun, but not sure that's ideal, either. The waffle fries were greasy, yet cut-your-gums crispy. Definitely not a home run for me.

The pizza is okay. It was our first time trying "Detroit-style" pizza, so we had no idea what to expect. It's basically a square pan pizza. It has a nice mix of textures, good crust and soft chew in the middle, if that's what you're looking for. The idea of 6 slices, with each slice individually stacked with the toppings is a cool idea for maximizing flavor per slice, and while the pizza was perfectly fine, it didn't send us home thinking we'd missed out on being in the dark about this Detroit-style pizza thing.

The fried halloumi was good, but the saltiness of the anchovy & caper sauce was overwhelmingly. More so than I even expected with the components involved. The tomato sauce was really good, though. Well-balanced and played perfectly with the halloumi.

Overall, Emmy Squared is going to get crazy amounts of hype, and people are going to legitimately love the place. It's a perfectly good place to go, but don't make the mistake of going in thinking that it's anything more than a greasy spoon pizza spot in an upscale environment. That's not a knock on the place. Just a reality. I'm sure we'll be back at some point, but there are simply too many places to get good pizza and/or great burgers in this city to rush back. I hope Emmy Squared does well, but sadly, it just wasn't resonating with us. Enjoy!
I came here and tried the burger per the recommendation of Glenny Balls. I must say, it definitely lived up to the hype. 4.8 balls!
The pizza was extremely small for the price and the flavor was not all that great. It was a bit soupy for my taste. The staff was very nice though.
Aim for the sky and if you miss your find yourself up in the stars? 

Not on this occasion. I had sky high expectations after looking at pics of there double stack burger and spicy chicken sandwich. Maybe I will chalk this experience up to ordering the wrong items but read on for a full review of there food and drinks.

Started with the Punch Bowl Tequila which has Hisbisius, mint, lemon, blackberry liquer and of course tequila. $40 and serves estimated 5-6 servings. I could not taste the alcohol in it and would not get again but if your a fan of blackberry liquer it may be a drink in your wheel barrel.

Hot Chicken Wedge Salad - I was commenting to someone in my party that the price point for this item seems ridulous for $18 as the chicken parm sandwich which is massive and the spicy chicken sandwich both are only $13 with that being said I went with the salad anyway as I wanted to cut out some of the carbs and paid the extra $5 for this meal. I was not a fan of the white bama sauce on the chicken and would not get this item again. 

Red and White Pizza - The red pizza was good, it went very quick but it was nothing to rave about. I think some of the allure of this restaurant is the customizable and doctored up pizzas but the plan red pie was okay. The white pizza had a smokey cheese taste to it and was different but I could not eat more then one piece.

Banana Pudding - I had high hopes on this and as I mushed my spoon in the jar looking for a nice chunk of cold banana I had a hard time finding a piece just like I have a hard time coming back here.

If you come here I would recommend you go with one of there staple items. I will be back to try the burger but a return trip to try a $19 burger again I may be setting myself up for disappointment.
I wanted to like this pizza-- I've walked past lots of times and it always looks inviting. I finally ordered take-out, and am sadly disappointed. I paid $20 for a pizza expecting it to be a large pizza-- to feed two people with leftovers -- and yet it's actually six small pieces that would probably be better suited to one person for one meal. Moreover, we ordered a margarita pizza, and the basil was quite sparse (6 pieces of basil total for the pizza). They also oddly put the fresh mozzarella in a separate container, meaning that we had to assemble the pizza at home and re-heat it for the mozzarella to melt. It was tasty but not anything special. The cheese baked into the crust is definitely good. All in all, if this had been $10, I'd be content. But for $20, I expected more. There are lots of other pizza places nearby that are better value and better taste.
One word for you...overrated!

We ordered the burger and the colony pizza.  Let's start off with the good.  The colony pizza is a great flavor combination...jalapeños, pepperoni, and honey.  That being said, the pizza was extremely greasy and the bottom was soggy.

As for the hamburger, I would just say the idea was great, but the execution was poor.  Soggy pretzel roll due to the hamburger's high level of grease.  Literally, there was a pool of grease underneath the hamburger.  Not 100% positive, but it seemed like the hamburger was cooked in a ton of butter.

My biggest gripe was probably that neither food item was close to hot when it came out of the kitchen.  Overall, an okay place if you want heavy/greasy food.  Lack of sophistication and much better establishments with higher quality pizza and hamburgers in the Philadelphia.
I really wanted to like this place because I've heard of this place when I moved from New York. I saw it all over yelp and I was excited that it came to Philly. The serving size is really really tiny and it's just average pizza. Not worth the cost
Overpriced for the small size. Their pizzas are basically personal sizes but they charge what other philly pizzerias charge for a full size! Food was good, but nothing super special.
12/14/19
Le big Matt greasy messy salty good 
Do the $6 upgrade to zia fries and do try the eggplant plate with egg plant chips. It's really good 


2/9/20
Went for the 'roni crust pie that was brought back for national pizza day 
Pizza was not hot, lukewarm n wish cheese was more cheesy. The pepperoni crust tho i did enjoy with the saltiness but messy crumbles

It's good and I think I need to come back for some of the other pies.  This place burger or pie I think is worth trying once.   

Start with the burger.  Well if you like em lol
Had to get Emmy Squared because of all the hype! We ordered it for take out last night.  We got the vodka pie, colony pie, parmesan garlic sticks, and Nashville chicken sandwich!  We were a little disappointed in how small the pizzas were compared to the price.  The vodka sauce tasted great but there was barely any sauce on the pizza.  The colony pie had a spice to it and a sweeter sauce that was very flavorful but again, wish there was more sauce.  Our favorites were the parmesan sticks and chicken sandwich.  The bread sticks had a lot of garlic on them and a good marinara sauce to dip it in.  The Nashville chicken sandwich is a must get!  The chicken is high quality and is so crispy with a sweet spicy sauce that was amazing on the pretzel bun.  All in all, we are a little disappointed, had high expectations but it was still worth trying. However, I do think eating in person would have been better!! Next time we get it, we know to ask for extra sauce!
On a cold and rainy afternoon, Emmy Squared certainly delivered on bready comforts. 

We started with the cheesy garlic breadsticks ($10) - the bread base was fluffy and flavorful, the cheese was meaty with some nice browned bits, and the punchy pesto really took the dish to another level. The Colony2 pizza ($18.50) was not nearly as good - the bread felt a bit underbaked, so the toppings had not really adhered to the pizza and when we tried to pick up a square, everything slid off. I also was surprised that the flavors of pepperoni, jalapeño, and honey didn't work together as well as I thought they would - the jalapeños still had the seeds in, so they were super spicy, and there was too much honey so the pizza tasted like it couldn't make up its mind about whether it was sweet, spicy, or savory. The pepperonis were great though!

Service was friendly, helpful, and fast, and the dining area is nicely decorated and spacious. I'll definitely come back for those breadsticks - and maybe give a different pizza a go next time.
I'm always on the lookout for good pizza, so I made a reservation 2 weeks in advance for weekend dinner here. They keep most of their spots for walk in dining, so don't be alarmed if you don't see anything available for booking on OpenTable. The restaurant is located in Queen Village, a cute part of Philly with tons of other great dining options. The interior is spacious with stylish decor and gold light fixtures, great for a date or casual hangout with friends. They serve Detroit-style rectangular pizza with a thick, crispy crust. 

The menu has tons of appealing options like the waffle fries and the "Le Big Matt" massive burger, but we went straight for the pizza and ordered the Roni Supreme and the Rhody. The Roni Supreme is a red pie with pepperoni and Calabrian chilies, and it definitely brought the heat. I was a huge fan of the spiciness, and actually preferred the pizza without the pepperoni so I peeled it off my last few slices. The Rhody is a white pie topped with kale, chorizo, olives, banana peppers, and pecorino. I loved the variety of toppings and it somehow all worked together well to make a delicious mouthful. Each pizza comes with 6 slices, so 2 pies was more than enough for 2 people and we ended up bringing 3 slices home. Next time I would consider ordering a more plain pie like the classic since I do prefer the basics the most.
Ordered to from here on 9/22. Good experience with contactless pick up. They had a table with online orders waiting to be retrieved. 
I had no idea what the process was or pick up so a young lady was kind enough to assist and also told me the reheating instructions as I had arrived past my pick up time. 
I enjoyed the Tony Luke Jr without bacon. I also picked up the roasted cauliflower and classic pie for a friend.
Taste was good! I would definitely go back if I was in the area but this location is about 30 mins from my house and the portion size was petite for the price. I enjoyed the whole pizza to myself on the commute home.
I normally wouldn't go out of my way to leave a Yelp review for a restaurant - however my experience here was so bad that I feel obligated to. First off, the service was beyond awful. The restaurant wasn't busy at all in the early afternoon this past Saturday, but the wait staff was never anywhere to be found, and they didn't even come by after the food was delivered to see how we were doing. The thing that I found pretty ridiculous is that they weren't even inclined to ask if anything went wrong at the end of the meal when the waiter clearly saw that there was a bite or two (at most) out of each dish we ordered and we gave a hard "NO!" when he asked if we wanted to take anything home. First off, we started with the Cheesy garlic sticks. These weren't even edible. They were covered in half melted cheese and completely drenched (swimming, rather) in olive oil. It came with a side of tomato sauce that was probably the worst sauce I've ever had. It was under salted and extremely bitter. Second, we had the Zia waffle fries. These were also under salted and soggy. The pimento cheese didn't come through at all, and the portion was just way too big for essentially being a soggy baking pan of under seasoned fries with some (also bland) toppings. For the main course we had the Big Ang pizza. I thought for sure at this point that the pizza, of all things, couldn't be terrible. I was wrong. The pizza was also extremely soggy/greasy and had little to no flavor. The only thing that tasted semi okay were the meatballs that came on the pizza as a topping. Again, I'm not a picky eater by any means, and I'm almost never inclined to leave a review on a restaurant, let alone a bad review - but this place is just really, really bad. They did a great job on the interior design aspect (it's a very visually pleasing restaurant) but considering they serve fancied up pub food, in combination with the lack of good service and tastiness, it's all just kind of weird. I would save yourself the disappointment of this unfortunate establishment and take your business elsewhere.
Way too pricey for what you get and the food wasn't even good. Look at this pizza  the butter knife is there for scale. This is a $20 gluten free white pizza that was burnt and didn't even fill the box. Apple bread desert was just half one of these pizza with apple and Carmel drizzled cut into French toast sticks. Will deff not order again and will inform friends not to waste their money
Loved Emmy squared! The service was great. The pizzas amazing. We got 4 pizzas for 5 people and 2 orders of fries which was plenty of food. They even gave us a free white pizza. Overall the ambience was nice and it wasn't to loud or crowded. Will def be back to try more!
they are only dine in only at the moment. No call ins, not even in person orders to go. Incredibly frustrating since this isn't noted anywhere on their website. Not something I wanted to find out at 6p rainy Wednesday with an empty fridge, toddler and infant. Will update review once I am actually able to carry out some pizza.
Waaaay overpriced for what it is. I went with a party of seven, and we all agreed that the pizza was fine, but nothing special. It reminded us of a mix between Pizza Hut and Ellio's (both of which I love, but not at this price). The pies are $15-$25, and are pretty small - we ate 6 pies among the 7 of us and briefly considered getting one more.

 If you want quality thick crust pizza in Queen Village go to Square Pie! Half the price and twice as good.
My son and I visited here.  Place is really well done.  Very nice atmosphere.  Upon being seated we waited for an extended period of time to order.  It happens.  The unfortunate thing was the servers seemed to have an attitude.  We ordered drinks which were initially wrong.  They quickly fixed.  I would caution that if you order a vodka tonic you'll be getting an expensive tonic.  I switched to bottled beer to avoid the weak drinks.  Food was ok.  Burger was better then the pizza.  Nothing crazy good!
Decor is beautiful. What a lovely place. We were so happy to have a new place open in our hood. Really looked forward to trying it for pizza. Quite disappointed. we won't be back. Did not like the thick little squares of pizza. Too doughy and bready. Burrata was cold. Italian salad was supposed to have hearts of palm snd crispy artichokes.  No hearts of palm other than fried sticks that did not taste like hearts of palm. Greasy fried artichokes. Champagne vinaigrette. salad  dressing very sour. Wines by the glass ridiculously expensive between 13 and 16. The best high end restaurants in the city don't charge that much. Wait staff very nice. I don't think we are the target audience.  Stella pizzeria on Head house Square is infinitely better.
The food was good but that's not why I'm giving this place three stars.
Even though I made a reservation and the place practically empty, we were sat at a table near the door. For the record, there are a lot of smaller booths in the dining room.
The happy hour is garbage. 1/2 priced drinks at the bar from 4-6. We ordered glasses of wine at the table - $12 per glass for a $5 pour - our glasses were half-filled.
All the staff are too new, as in, I think this might be all of their first jobs. No one really seemed to know what a real restaurant floor looks like.
There are less expensive and better pizza places in town, including a few blocks away at Square Pie or Nomad.
We will not be coming back here.
This place thinks it's in Brooklyn instead of Queen Village. Don't buy the hype.
Customer service: awesome! I called on a night of an event and they still took a takeout order. Very accommodating.

Food: The brussel sprout salad was nothing special. The blue cheese and pear coupling was nothing special. More detailed descriptions of dishes need to be added to the take out page. I couldn't eat the salad bc it had blue cheese.

We ordered an original pie and extra basil. I hope that wasn't considered extra basil. :/ The rectangle pie was six small pieces and very disappointing in size for price. The crust was too greasy and took away what should be the feature: the sauce.
In total: We agreed Emmys brings nothing special or unique to a city already flowing with talented pizza makers. It's expensive for what you get and, like many things from NYC, it's all hype. 

I HIGHLY suggest ordering from nearby local deepcrust/"Detroit" style pizza perfectionists Square Pie or Santucci's. You will get MUCH more for the money in size and flavor. While I'm glad we explored the new kid in town, we will stick to our local favorites.
Emmy was SO. GOOD. I'm so glad I live so close so that I can go back soon!

They opened about a week ago, but it seems like they really have their stuff together. Our waitress was extremely attentive, friendly, and knowledgable about the food and drink menus. She made great suggestions when we were trying to figure out what to order.

The space itself is beautiful. Very open and sleek looking with dark wooden benches and long curtains. 

If you are a tequila fan, definitely get the Te Amo Tequila drink (can be made with jalapeno-infused tequila which was delicious). It's sweet but not too sweet and has red pepper flakes around the rim.

For three people, we had to small plates (fried cheese and one of the waffle fries plates), one pizza, and a dessert (chocolate mousse). The fried cheese came with great dipping sauces and the waffle fries were so deliciously, crispy. It was really hard to pick out a pizza because they all sounded so good. All of the pizzas are Detroit style and come six slices to a pie. The crusts are crunchy and the dough is fluffy/doughy (in a good way). We opted for a red pie with pickled jalapenos, pepperonis, honey, and then added on ricotta. The chocolate mousse was a fancier version of a "dirt dessert" I used to have when I was younger and was quite good.

Honestly, I can't come up with one bad thing to say.

The sandwiches all looked really good (fried green tomatoes!) and need to try one soon!
From a self proclaimed pizza aficionado...
This is a great addition to the Queen Village food scene
The space was much larger than expected and had formal and informal dining making it perfect for a family dinner or date night/girls night
Although we were only 2 people, we wanted to try a few pies and decided on the original, vodka sauce with ricotta and meatballs for our "red" pie and broccoli rabe, bacon and peppers for our "white" pie
We added the $3 breadstick and salad addition that's served family style (easily shared)
The salad is romaine lettuce and dressing. Light and refreshing. Breadsticks were also simple yet crunchy and perfect for dipping.
The original was our favorite! A great way to taste the sauce and dough base for the majority of the pies and hands down the most flavorful.
The meatball vodka sauce was a great combo and very Italian Philly grandma with rich flavors and creamy ricotta.
The white pie was unfortunately a deal breaker. Covered in broccoli rabe, I was excited for our white pie, although upon bringing it to my mouth, I was overwhelmed with a smoky meat scent. Overbearing smoked bacon is. It only on the nose, but the only taste present after the first bite.
Agreed between the two of us: get the original, try the meatball ricotta and unless you are a Smokey bacon fanatic, skip the last option.
The bathroom situation in the basement vis a service staircase was also a bit odd but overall can't complain
After a day of drinking, we didn't imbibe but decided to split a Mexican coke that went perfect with the salty/cheesy slices.
We love Emmy Squared so much we had our wedding on the rooftop this June! If you're looking for a cool/unique Philly event venue, I HIGHLY recommend Emmy! To start, the food and drinks are absolutley incredible (hello world's best wedding food). Plus, the Emmy staff is absolutely WONDERFUL!! They are all so kind, thoughtful, and fun! The event coordinator Alice and manager Shannon just go above and beyond to make your day the greatest. Some bonus points - the rooftop has a stunning view, the bars (downstairs in the main restaurant and on the roof) are gorgeous, and the restaurant is connected to a great AirBnB hotel, in case you have guests traveling. But if you're just looking for amazing food, obviously ES is a Philly gem. Don't sleep on the Big Ang pizza or the burger - the absolute best. Can't recommend Emmy Squared enough!
Thick style pizza, which might be ok if it wasn't sitting around long enough to get stale. Kids chicken was burned as well.
This is our goto mid week pizza place. I like the variety of flavors they meld into pizzas. From the crispy cheesy crust to the cup shaped pepperoni. My favorite is the Colony with robust sauce, a touch of honey & spicy jalapeños. 
One night I was craving burgers so I took a chance & ordered their Emmy burger. O.M.G. 
From the pretzel buns to the juicy perfectly cooked meat, the burger is one of the best I've ever had and I'm a carnivore fat girl. I know my way around a good burger. 

Well worth the cost cuz ain't your Pappa John's cardboard with a smattering of sauce.
If you're looking for smaller bites with more flavors, this pizza is pretty solid. They come in 6 square slices, and are kind of tiny and expensive ($16-$18). Around half a pizza per person plus a side was good. We had the Big Ang, MVP, and Angel Pie. Overall, the MVP was the standout in having a good distribution of sauce to cheese, rather than the sauce being centered in a glob. The pesto was a great addition, and also stood out again with the garlic sticks. Truffleist mushroom cream in the Angel Pie landed flat with our group.
Emmy, Emmy, Emmy! Why did you have to do my heart like that?

This place is open for dine in with limited capacity, but if I'm ordering pizza I want to try it fresh. 

So a couple buddies and I wanted to try out pizza joints and decided to venture off into this place

Ordered the vodka pizza and burrata pizza

The sauce is light on the vodka and heavier with marinara on the burrata. Both had a great crisp on the edge, is a square pizza and the dough was muahh. This is the top 5 pizzas I've had in my life. New York style is still my favorite cause that's what I've grown up on, but this is a darn close 2nd. 

The waitresses were awesome as they allowed us to just hang out while we sipped on our sangrias. And forgot to mention we had their Buffalo wings which were sauced to perfection. 

For the scenery of the queens village area and blocks away is south street, you can't go wrong venturing out here to not being in the touristy areas of center city. If you like to people watch, it's an open window concept as seen in my pic. Overall great place and would recommend.
I got this thing for lighting, nowadays. I love a nice spot that's not too dim and doesn't overuse overhead lighting. Bars like that feel like sets from Netflix movies about 30Somethings in NYC. It's that kind of lighting that drew me to Emmy Squared. That perpetual construction zone on 5th and Bainbridge finally is done and has tenants! A "bespoke AirBNB hotel" and this spot: a Detroit-styled pizza joint. I fell into Emmy right as happy hour was getting set up. The bartender and manager team we super helpful in describing the menu and even gave me a tour of the rooftop (it really IS the RooftopAissance, y'all!) that will open in Spring. The happy hour is generous with drink specials that will remind you of S*ps with its simplicity . The pizza came out hot and cripsy and was delicious. It was just me and this pizza ended up lasting 2.5 meals, so bring a friend, for sure. Music was the same old classic songs of the past but once the sun set and the dark seeped through the floor to ceiling windows, the lights kicked in and I felt like I was in another world; certainly not in South Philly a stone's throw from what used to be a Johnny Rockets. Outside of happy hour, food and drink isn't cheap, but these are our new guest from New Yawk and if you ask me, they're totally welcome here
Omg the Spicy chicken sandwich on a pretzel bun is to die for! I also tried the cheesy garlic bread sticks amazing! I love this place the food is awesome every time I order. Check out their weekend special it's a great deal.
You've gotta be a real asshole to charge someone $19 for a cheeseburger. Keep New York out of Philly.
If you like Pizza Hut but want to spend twice as much for half the amount of food, you'll LOVE this place.

The salad was nice though.
Meh. Ordered 2 pizzas and 2 salads for takeout through caviar, so have never set foot in the place, but pizza and salad was just ok. Would get 4 stars if it was the price of Pizza Hut, but it's not. Go to Square Pie nearby for Detroit style pie, salads, and sides that's better, cheaper, with better portions. I guess I wish them well, but I think Philadelphians have pretty high standards and I'm not optimistic. Gonna go give Square Pie a good review now, appreciating it a lot more by comparison.
This review is for Colony2 delivered by Caviar. When I got it the pizza was not hot. Although it is thick, the dough isn't heavy. It's airy and light with a nice crisps on the edges. The bottom is a little bit soggy. The jalapeño gives a nice heat to the pizza balanced with sweetness from the honey.
I ordered just a plain red and the broccoli salad. I tried the pizza first and the edges were quite good (carmalized as they should be) there wasn't enough of that and the rest was a bit soggier than you'd expect. The broccoli salad with miso dressing was quite good. Might try a pie with toppings next time, might be better.
this might be the fanciest pizza place in philly. super cute and modern decor

SALADS: the caesar and the italian. the caesar was decent but the italian dressing was WAY to acidic and sour, i need more savory in that dressing so i don't feel like i'm eating vinegar and lettuce. the description also said: olive, crispy artichoke, hearts of palm... i think i saw 2 olives and no artichoke or hearts of palm. for the price, i need more color in that salad. 

PIZZAS: we got the classic w/ pepperoni, big ang (w/ no banana peppers), angel pie and hot chicken. my personal favorite was the angel pie, a great flavorful bite and the ingredients were on point. big ang could have definitely used more vodka sauce but it was still yummy. my least favorite was probably the hot chicken, the flavors were just not there for me and not worth $23, they took 1 chicken finger and cut it into 6 cubes and put it on top of the pizza lol really?

all in all, in my opinion the price and quality/quantity do not match here. and you can say it's because the ingredients are top notch but so does beddia but you get way more bang for your buck there. i probably spent $77 on pizza (without tax) and we had 2 small slices left over between 4 people. but then i go to beddia with $77 and i can get 3 huge pies and have way more leftovers between 4 people. 

they need a price evaluation of the pizza here, i'm not spending $23 on the lamest chicken pizza that'll leave 2 people somewhat full, when i can $23 on the best pizza in america 15 minutes away in fishtown for a way bigger portion. maybe if they made the pies bigger or cheaper, i'd be more down with this place. 

in the mean time, i'll stick with squares and circles or square pie for my thick crust lust

**PS: the pizza was way better reheated too
My two stars is based strictly on the hostess and reservation times. The food and our waitress were great, best pizza I've had in some time. I made a reservation for 9pm on a Sunday through Open Table. We arrived at 9:05 as we had an issue with our Uber. When we arrived the place was practically empty and no one was at the check in stand. After we stood there for a few a woman came over and told us they close at 9 and she'd have to check to see if the kitchen was still open because we were so late?? I then replied 'sorry I'm confused, if your kitchen closes at 9 why do you take reservations at 9?'. She then rolled her eyes and said to me 'well we tried to call you', which they had but earlier that day and I called them back twice with no answer. She replied 'we don't always hear the phone, it gets really loud in here'. If you called to ask me to come in earlier or to tell me you close promptly at 9, leave a message or answer your phone when people call you back. Also maybe don't take reservations at the time you close and make people feel uncomfortable when they arrive. I certainly wasn't trying to argue with her as I was more confused and embarrassed than anything. She did tell us to sit down to which I felt horrible but reluctantly did. As I said the food and the waitress were great just wish we hadn't started the meal with such attitude and confusion.
I think about Emmy squared, specifically "the colony". We came here and heard about it through foodbaby in nyc and were elated when the chain decided to open up in Philadelphia. They make square crust pizza like no other. The crust is perfectly crisp as an initial bite with a buttery soft fluffy taste as you sink in. Obviously they have other Italian foods, a kids menu, and even different takes on fries. We didn't really like the okonomyaki fries as much as we thought we would. But please, get the pizza it's worth it.
I've been to Emmy Squared several times after hearing much hype surrounding the food and atmosphere. So far, I've had the Le Big Matt Burger, Big Ang Pizza, Cheesy Garlic Breadsticks, Nashville Hot Katsu Sandwich (AKA Hot Chicken Sandwich), and Fries. Below is a review of each item 

Le Big Matt Burger - One of the best burgers I've eaten in recent memory. It was incredibly juicy, cheesy, buttery, and most importantly, delicious. What really took this burger to another level was the mayo-based sammy sauce that gets its kick from a sweet Indonesian-style sambal. The optional thick cut bacon was also excellent. Granted, the price was relatively high for an à la carte burger ($20 before fries, tip, or tax), but I was happy to pay given how amazing it tasted. If you only get one thing at Emmy Squared, it should be this burger! Bottom line - five star food that's destined to be a staple on any "best of" burger list. Highly recommend. 

Big Ang Pizza - A tasty detroit style pizza that was very good, but not noteworthy. Especially when considering it's relatively small size and high price of $20. If you're just going to Emmy Squared for pizza, I recommend at-least two pizzas for two people. Bottom line - a quality artisanal Detroit style pizza. Recommend

Cheesy Garlic Breadsticks - These breadsticks were so good that I was tempted to ask for a second helping. A must have appetizer with any order. Highly recommend. 

Nashville Hot Katsu Sandwich - succulent chicken, good crisp/crunch from batter, very mild heat from hot sauce, and a top notch buttery pretzel bun. I couldn't taste the "bama" sauce that comes on the sandwich, but otherwise no complaints. Overall, the Nashville Hot Katsu doesn't rise to the lofty heights of the heavenly Le Big Matt Burger, but it's still delicious. Recommend. 

Fries - Waffle fries that are perfectly salted and tasty. I just wish they came standard with any burger or sandwich. Recommend. 

Pricing: relatively very high overall. The only reason for deducting a star. Food is top notch, but high prices keep it from five stars. 

Service:  very good.

Overall - Fantastic food that's more than worth the relatively high prices. Highly recommend.
I was looking forward to trying this place when it first moved into the neighborhood, but I'm sad to say that it fell far short of expectations. The atmosphere is nice with all of the windows and mid-century modern decor, and the service was good, but the menu and prices were ridiculous. I rarely write reviews, but when I pay $1per leaf for basil on a pizza, I feel compelled to share. The menu pricing is illogical; you can order a (very small) burrata pizza for $19 with burrata and basil. Or, you can order the same pizza for $17: a regular $12 pizza + $3 burrata and $2 basil. Obviously, I chose to purchase the $17 version. When the pizza came, it had the equivalent of 2 leaves of basil on the entire pizza, for an effective price of $1 a leaf. For two people, the $17 pizza was not enough food. We also ordered a Caesar salad to share for $10, expecting a good sized salad. Instead, we got 4 small romaine hearts drizzled with dressing and 2 small anchovies on top. In all, we paid $30 to split a meal designed for one. There are far better pizza options in Philly for this price. I definitely won't be back unless they dramatically cut their prices. The server noted that others had complained about the prices so they had recently reduced several of them; they'll need to keep doing this to get in the ballpark of a reasonable price for pizza in Philly.
Pretentious, overpriced, just generally not enjoyable. Cannot for the life of me figure out why this place seems to be so popular right now but rank it well below nearby spots like Santucci's, Nomad, and Stella, among others.


Website says they prefer walk-ins, but had a full 30 minute wait (while tables were open) then later saw the staff let two guys at the bar grab our table after we were finished. $46 check for two pizzas and a beer served in a can. 

Went 1 for 2 with the pizza itself - Tony Luke's Jr was ok and Colony was very good. Still, not worth it given all of the above.
Hands down the best gluten free pizza I've ever had. I have celiac disease, so finding places I trust for pizza (or any takeout) is very rare. I called and spoke to who I believe is the owner, and she is a fellow celiac. I felt very comforted by the info she walked me through - dedicated prep area, but shared kitchen, separate mixer and all tools, and the pizza was DELICIOUS. will definitely be ordering again, many times over.
Nice atmosphere but food is not the best. Very overpriced pub food. Cheese bread was a big disappointment. Basically just their pizza bread soggy and drenched in oil :( drinks were good!
I got takeout with a group of friends and our overall impression was mediocre food, small portions and high prices. The pizza is very thick and doughy. We got one gluten free pie, which was dense and gummy. The chicken sandwich was EXTREMELY spicy. None of us were interested in trying it again.
Awesome good food and drinks!  Even better ambiance! My husband and I will definitely be back for more.
So, I'm giving Emmy Squares 5 Stars because the pizza is truly Quality!  Now in regards to the price, definitely overpriced as far as I'm concerned. 

When I first saw them listed on Caviar, the photo looked like One of the many standard size gourmet Square pie as you get in the city now, usually giving you four standard size Sicilian slices. In this case, no. The pie was 12" and sliced into six very tiny slices.

Now let me say, I just reheated two of the small slices this morning and they were even better than last night. So when it comes to quality of ingredients, airy density and crispy crust.... the BEST I've had in the city!

So was it worth $40?  I guess I have to say yes.

12/1 Update.... I can't stop ordering these damn Pizzas!  delicious l!
The interior was nice and it looked like a cool spot when I dined here but I think my expectations were too high. I got the burger and while it was juicy and I liked all the fixings, the bun was really soggy upon arrival which only got worse as I tried to eat it which was not the most pleasant experience. The waffle fries were delicious and the quantity justified the cost of a $19 burger, but a few of the fries weren't fully cooked which also wasn't great. I'm not in a rush to go back but I think I would try it again if I happened to be in the area.
Great experience. Staff was very attentive to our needs. Food was sooooo good. Their colony square pizza was my fav. It is such a great combination of flavors. The pepperoni, jalapeños and honey on top of a pizza that by itself is yummy (we ordered a classic pizza as well). 
The bathroom cleanliness is important for me and they were spot on. I really like the walk to the bathroom. Everything is sleek on your way to do your "stuff".
By the end of the meal the Manager introduced herself and chatted with us. She made us feel like we were really welcomed.
Didn't expect it but, Emmy Squared - Queen Village was definitely amazing. Menu items are fantastic and the team is very courteous. Staff are very pleasant. They're attentive, polite and always on their game. Every single thing we bought was wonderful and the menu itself was to die for. Emmy Squared - Queen Village is a wonderful, I am definitely plan on returning.
This place keeps getting better and better! I've been four or five times and each time the food is more delicious than the last time. And the service is outstanding. 

Right now I'm particularly in love with the burger with the Okonomi fries! My coworker went recently and said the burger was the best thing she's ever eaten. I also love the Colony pizza. Thankfully I don't live closer or else I think I'd try and polish off one of their pizzas every night. I also see they added a happy hour wine. 

I feel like I'm extra picky with how good service should be. The bartender Britney remembered the drink I ordered the last time I came in! I like to sit at or near the bar, but the table service on the other end of the restaurant is also great. Shoutout to the two servers I've had over my visits, Sydney and Maura. And the manager Shannon came over last time I was there to check in with our table. Everyone always seems on top of things. 

This place is good to go alone or on a date or with a group of people. Seems like a good neighborhood spot if you live close or a good spot to travel to if you have a bunch of people in visiting Philly. 

I'm excited for when they open the roof deck in the warmer weather!
Overhyped. This is one of those stereotypical millennial restaurants that has an ultra modern interior and ultra modern logo giving the appearance of refined elegance and top notch ingredients yet the actual food is about as good as Pizza Hut or a box of frozen Ellios pizza. The burger bun was soggy from being drenched in oil or butter. My gf and I got a pizza (they're extremely tiny), a burger and 2 drinks and spent $80...for pizza and a burger lol. Not worth it. Go to Santucci's or Angelos 3 blocks down, spend $80 and you're walking away with a week's worth of food for 2 people AND the pizza is 10x better, family-owned by real south Philly Italians. The contrast of this "new era" dining place just a few blocks from the Italian Market is stark. All that said, I'd come here for a drink but that's all.
This place is beautiful! It's so large, clean, and sleek. The hostess was very nice, welcoming, and attentive. I wasn't able to get a reservation for the dining area but getting seated at the bar area was very easy. Even though it's referred to as bar area, it feels like a 2nd dining room. I love the floor to ceiling windows and the lighting is romantic but not too dark. The bar itself was a pretty sight. The waiter was very attentive and gave a lot of suggestions. 
 There are only five cocktails on the menu but sometimes too many options is a bad thing, especially for someone indecisive like me lol. I really enjoyed the tequila cocktail, it was spicy but refreshing. The vodka cucumber cocktail was meh but probably better for a hot summer day.
 Ok the waffle fries were booommmbbbb. I got the ones wuth the cheese sauce and added jalapenos. Soooo spicy (and i have a high spice tolerance)  the cheese sauce (not cheese wiz) was delicious, kind of sweet and tangy. 
The pizza is good to share for 2 ppl unless youre super hungry. Its like 6 decent sized slices. The crust was nice and crispy with great flavor, the sauce was just perfect, and in general the pizza was the right amount of greasy.  I love that you can customize anything on the menu! 
So service  and food . Will definitely go back.
We had dinner at Emmy Squared on Saturday night. So excited as we are huge fans of the NY location. Burger was great. Pizza - not as great as NY.  In all - overpriced. Service was not the best. The waitress didn't seem too happy or enthused. We were left a little dumb founded when my husband asked for a cup of coffee to have with his dessert & he was told "We don't serve hot coffee. We don't have anything to serve it in". WHAT????
I've heard so much about this place but never had a chance to make it to their OG spot in NYC. Was very happy to learn they've expanded operations and opened a place in South Philly! Going in I knew this place was gimmicky and that I'd likely be overpaying just for the brand. If you can get that thought of your head, I promise you'll enjoy your meal here. 

The wait staff here is very pleasant and got all our food out to us quicker than I would have anticipated. My buddy and I each ordered the signature burger, Le Big Matt, which comes with an order of amazing waffle fries. Honestly, I think my favorite part of the burger was the pretzel bun.. it had a great salty tang to it. The burger sauce is also stellar and the whole thing is juicy and greasy and so satisfying. I know... it's $19 for a burger and fries. But for a splurge meal, you can't go wrong with this. The angel pie was also delicious. The truffle sauce drizzled on top of a white mushroom pie makes it such a decadent experience. The only drawback with the pizza is that it's quite small: 6 slices of square pie, each about the size of my hand. 

If you've never experienced this place, I'd for sure recommend it as a one off... the quality of the food is legit. It can definitely burn a hole in your pocket so I will probably only return if coming with friends who have never heard of/experienced Emmy Squared.
Went to check out Emmy Squared with some friends and really liked it. The space itself is impressive and very nice. The staff was very friendly and professional and our waitress was really cool. We had the Classic pizza with sausage and pepperoni which was fantastic along with the Tony Luke pizza which was tasty. As an app we spilt up one of the burgers which was really really good. I would recommend each item we had.
the smallest portions i have ever seen in philly for the money - worst food experience ever  - order from somewhere else
First time ordering from Emmy Squared and definitely won't be the last.  The crust is perfect.....thick but light and crispy.  Reheats very well.  Great pizza!
I'm not sure why the Philadelphians are not loving Emmy squared as much as I did in Brooklyn. Their pizzas, albeit a bit pricey, is delicious! The crust is crunch, cheesy and crispy. It's actually the part I eat first! The colony pizza is my favorite, it's got jalapeños, pepperoni and baked to cheesy perfection. It's spicier than it looks, so be prepared!

The restaurant itself is huge! Great for big parties or if you're just craving some gourmet square pizza. Their Le Big Matt burger is also very good. However, you can't order it on caviar since it's so in demand. If you want the burger delivered you'll have to call and order it over the phone.
I found this restaurant by chance and it was an amazing find! We were in town from Vegas and I have to say I haven't had pizza this good in years! We had 3 different pizzas, the Vodka, Classic & Quinn,  all 3 were so good.  The service and atmosphere were great.  When we come back to town this will definitely be a spot we go to again.
Ordered delivery from Emmy and was pleasantly surprised. It's difficult to find good pizza in Philly, but Emmy Squared my just be my new "go-to" place. 

Their pizza combinations are not for the faint of heart - some toppings get a bit crazy, but you can build your own. I opted for a basic pepperoni and it was divine. I love that gluten-free crust in an option, as that is very hard to find and often the reason I don't eat pizza as often as I would like. 

The wedge salad with the hot chicken was pleasantly delicious. I will definitely be ordering from here again.
Wow what a great new place!! Waffle fries with cheese and bacon was amazing!!  Pizza was different absolutely loved it
Loved the space this is in, it's beautiful! Our food took a while to come out, I'm not sure if they forgot about us or lost our ticket but the manager did come up and apologize to us and were very sincere about it. We got the Classic, so just cheese and sauce. The pizza was good, but would I get it again? Probably not. The texture was great but it was on the smaller side and in my opinion, could use a little more sauce. I would be interested in trying a different type of pie, like the Hot Chicken! The real star of the show was the Le Big Matt burger. It was perfectly cooked with the perfect amount of special sauce and cheese. The waffle fries served with it were an added bonus. It was honestly so so good. I will be back for that for sure!!
New to town and stopped by here randomly, was pleasantly surprised by how nice everyone was! The manager stopped by our table, just to say hi. The food was absolutely delicious. Get the Colony pizza and the hot chicken wedge! We have been back multiple times already
Did delivery and got two pies, one with vodka sauce and one with pepperoni /Calabrian chili. Both had excellent flavor and enjoyed the pleasantly greasy and crispy square Detroit dough.  The $15/$18 for a personal pie stings. And though I loved the dressing,  the $15 for a small raw Brussel sprout salad stings more. I don' t regret the order but its not quite enough bang for your buck.
Really really glad I stopped. Crust is buttery and amazing.  Thick pepperoni done just right. Sweet sauce.  First time here and had to take 1/3 home because it was filling - plus ordered another white pie to go for tomorrow at home.  I just know this will reheat well in the air fryer.  Can't wait.  Service was attentive and I saw multiple delivery cars pull up so it's a hit commodity on delivery too.
Love love this place! We were in the city for a late appointment and stopped by. We got in with minimal wait at about 9pm on a Friday! The decor is really nice but we sat on the rooftop! The rooftop is amazing, it was chilly that night but they had mobile fire pits! We got the zia waffle fries, Caesar salad, Nashville hot katsu chicken sandwich and the big ang red pizza and WOWOW. Everything was amazing with lots of good flavor!  The pizza was Chicago deep dish style and the crust was so good! The fries has great flavor with the pimento cheese and bacon! The Nashville katsu chicken was so so good! Was spicy and crunchy! This has become one of our favorite places!
I got pickup from this place. I ordered the cheesy garlic sticks, the Emmy burger, and the red classic pizza with pepperoni added. The order was nice and hot when I picked it up. They stored it in bags that helped it keep its temperature. They were very quick with the drop off too. 

The cheesy garlic sticks are a MUST have. Sooo delicious! the parsley presto is amazinggg! Finished these first because of how delicious they were.

The Emmy burger lacked a bit of acidity to it. It was really heavy and fatty from the double patties, cheese, and sauces. It had pickles, but unfortunately they weren't crisp enough to cut through the fat. They were thin and too weak to keep its structural integrity. I think if the pickles were a little bit thicker, fresher, and more crisp, it would have helped with the heaviness of this burger. Otherwise, not sure it was worth the $16 it cost.

The pizza was decent. Nothing amazing, but I was craving Detroit-style pizza, so this filled that crave. The pepperoni tasted good. I'm just not sure if it was worth the $16 it cost.

I might come back here to try their Nashville chicken sandwich or the Le Matt burger. Once I've had them, I'm not sure if I'll come back. I'll keep you updated.
Everything here was amazing!! We had the eggplant appetizer which was out of this world. We split a burger & honestly was one of the better burgers I've had recently. We also got a pizza to share one with pesto that was delish. I got a "tequila later" drink. Service was good and the atmosphere is really cute
Not sure why this place doesn't get more 5 stars--maybe I'm just not philly foodie enough but we thought everything was fantastic. The garlic cheese sticks are a must, the chicken parm sandwich was excellent. Fries crispy and hot, and the BEST eggplant parm. Ever. The eggplant was thinly sliced and fried, almost like zucchini fries with sauce and cheese on top. Seriously excellent. 

Drinks were pricey for their small size but overall 10/10 recommended visiting.
We ate here probably at the end of last year, closer to when they originally opened up. The food was definitely good, don't get me wrong! However, it didn't blow my mind... And I've heard a lot of great things about their NYC locations.

We had the brussel sprout salad, the vodka pie, and Le Big Matt burger. The salad was great, the pizza was good, and the burger was honestly pretty average. Without the hype and the steep price tag, I would probably come back here, but I just can't justify paying such high NYC prices for only decent food here in Philly.
We ordered delivery - Le Big Matt burger, caesar salad with crispy chicken, and cheesy garlic bread. The cheesy garlic bread was the BOMB, and we will certainly be trying the pizza soon because of that! The burger was good, maybe even great, but the price point was pretty high - $16 for a burger with no sides? Ditto the caesar salad, which was like $12 for half a head of romaine lettuce? Not chopped? Came with a good dressing and a tiny container of crunchy bits, but still a little crazy for the price. Crispy chicken was meh. Texture was good, but SALT, man, SALT is your friend! 

Take home: pricey for what you get! But holding out hope that their pizzas are as awesome as their cheesy garlic bread.
Oh my god. I just moved here and hadn't gone grocery shopping, so I decided to get some takeout from here even though it looked a bit pricy. I honestly think it was worth it. My boyfriend and I got the Quinn white pizza and added pepperoni, and I'm not joking, it was the best pizza I've ever had in my life. The crust was super caramelized and the pepperoni was almost crunchy, while the smoked gouda and ricotta tasted amazing. Although it was kind of expensive, my boyfriend and I only ate 4 out of the 6 slices (along with a side of really good waffle fries!) before we were full and satisfied. We ate the last two slices as a snack later along with the rest of the waffle fries. I'll definitely be getting again when I want a treat!
Despite being a relatively new kid on the illustrious Philly pizza block, I'd heard the name, Emmy Squared, come up a couple of times. And although we normally go for the more traditional NY wedge, we thought we'd brave the cold and take an expedition to this Detroit-style pizza place. The atmosphere was pleasant, minimalist and modern, but warm (figuratively speaking that is, as it was a wee bit chilly - most likely due to the below freezing conditions outside). The pie choices were a bit leftfield for our mood, so we went with a standard classic cheese pie and added their signature ezzo pepperoni and mushrooms (I always ask if they're fresh because canned mushrooms on pizza might as well be baked slugs). 

We got the pie within 15 minutes of ordering and I have to admit that it looked phenomenal. Not too big, yielding 6 square blocks approximately 4" x 4". The inch-high crust was a gorgeous glistening gold with frail, wispy and crispy brown lining along the edges. It reminded me a bit of the vintage Pizza-Hut pan pizza crust (I know, I know... but just hold tight for a minute) that seemed so magical growing up. The ezzo pepperoni (a term I wasn't familiar with, but it pertains to the pepperoni casing that shrinks in the baking process and forces the pepperoni to curl up) was relatively thick and slightly cupped. The mushrooms, baked to perfection - not too brown, not too raw, and bright red, thick flowing sauce bleeding out of cheesy cavities. Visually artful. 

How could you go wrong with something this  aesthetically beautiful?

I took a bite and..... nothing. No flavor came through. Huh? How is that possible. Bite #2. Nope, nothing. My compadre across the table from me concurred. I desperately looked around the adjacent tables for a salt shaker. A-ha! Spotted one on the server station. I snagged it and gave a sprinkle of the magic pixie-dust over the surface of the twice-bitten, once flavor-shy beauty between my thumb and index.  Bam! (Now I know why Emeril coined the phrase). Everything came through in vivid color. Remember the scene in the film, Pleasantville, where an outburst of emotion would turn lifeless, monochromatically gray paintings into works in technicolor? Imagine that metamorphosis, but in your mouth. Meaty pepperoni, tangy marinara, mushrooms that taste freshly-picked, and a crackling crust edge that defies the doughy nature of the old Pizza Hut creation. Yessir, this is a hit! 

I won't come here for my casual slice-while-on-the-go routine. And for the love of all that is pizza-holy, I don't know why on earth the chef would commit heresy by avoiding properly seasoning this blessed pie. But anytime I'm in Philly and want to sit down and take my time for some of the good stuff, this is where you'll find me... with an Arctic-grade parka on my back and a salt shaker in my left hand.
Detroit-style rectangular pizza, which have a crispy, frico (caramelized cheese) crust, fluffy, doughy center and signature sauce stripes, truly nails it on the head. Crust was really good and crispy, had a lot of flavor.
5Nashville hot chicken, 'Bama white sauce, chopped pickle- Really tasty!! Note it def has a 
5Classic Pie: House made red sauce and mozzarella. Added pepperoni.
Such great reviews + walkable from my condo = had to go! Ordered a few things:

Colony2 pizza: 4/5. I wasn't expecting it to be Detroit style but here it was: thick but soft in the middle with slightly burnt/crisp crust. It is a perfect combo of sweet, salty and spice. The heat of the jalapeños complemented the sweet (honey/chilli sauce?) and salty pepperoni. I just thought the marinara sauce was slightly too salty for me.

Cheesy garlic sticks: 3/5. Delicious and cheesy but weren't warm enough. And they came with the same salty marinara which I didn't really like. 

Nashville hot katsu sandwich: 4/5. Really good and almost as expected! The chicken had just the perfect amount of heat. I could've done with a little more flavor but I couldn't keep the sandwich down! So I'll definitely come back for it. 

Banana pudding: 4/5. Delicious and airy. Not too heavy but it was way too much food for 2 people so we had to take it home. I would try the chocolate next time.

Oh and we also had a couple of drinks named after television series and such but nothing to write home about.
I've been dying to try Emmy Squared for quite some time now. However, with the explosion of amazing pizza locations in Philly, and particularly South Philly area... I just can't get to them all quickly enough! 

Late evening on a Friday night, my friend and I were hungry and craving pizza. We had called all the popular pizza joints we hadn't tried within a reasonable walking distance, but all were SOLD OUT! The horror! We decided to check out Emmy Squared, even though it would require us to potentially lose our parking spot-- the struggles of inner city living, amirite? LOL. 

Alas! Emmy Squared was taking orders, and we quickly placed our order through the Yelp app and made our way over there. There was quite a long pick-up line when I got there, and plenty of orders ready to go. Seeing the popularity and shear volume of orders, made me even more excited for the food! 

Pick-up was streamlined and quick. They have a cube-shelf in their vestibule, where they place completed To-Go orders with names and app ordered on (e.g. GH Ajia stood for GrubHub Ajia), so you can just grab-n-go if it's ready! There is staff nearby if you have any questions and monitoring the pick-up area, as necessary. All safety cautions of social distancing, masks, gloves, and hand sanitizers are in place and also available. 

DELUXE RED PIZZA:
This square, pan pizza had a perfectly crispy, caramelized crust (edges?). The sauce was nice and thick. Toppings were plentiful. I think the pizza was good, but nothing stood out, which isn't necessarily a bad thing either. I may try one of their more adventurous pies in the future!

WINGS:
I'm not going to lie, I had high hopes for the wings. They were also good, but struggled in execution. I felt like the sauce lacked punch, like it was watered down too much, as the Sriracha and Crystal were barely discernible, and the chicken was tough. Tough in the sense that the chicken needed a little longer to cook for the meat to release from the bone easier. However, the "ranch" sauce on the side is far from it, and more like heavily creamed, mint chutney. The sauce was so delicious that we used the leftovers as salad dressing the next day!

LE BIG MATT BURGER:
This burger from Emmy Squared has a very loyal following. I have heard amazing things, so as much as I was coming here for the pizza, I also wanted the excuse to try Le Big Matt. The burger was amazing!!! To me, it was like a more elevated and delicious version of the classic "Big Mac" from the golden arches fast food place (haha). The burger meat was honestly SOOO tasty. We were literally tasting the meat alone, trying to figure out why it tasted so good! LOL.

For $16, I find the price to be a real splurge. From reading previous reviews, it seems that waffle fries were included with the burger in the past, but no longer? As a result, I think this just added to my disappointment in the price, and I also just *really* love fries!
This place is the best!! First of all the roof top is amazinggg with so many different views of the city. I would suggest going at sunset. The pizza was excellent my husband and I got a regular and a vodka pie both equally as good. The staff was sooo nice and welcoming.  It was Halloween night and a party of little kids came in and they played Halloween songs for them. The bartender and waiter were the best.  Our waiter even asked if we wanted our picture taken since you can see the whole city. It was hands down the perfect night.
When I left New York City for Philadelphia, I was sad to leave behind all of the awesome pizza! Fortunately, Emmy Squared - a favorite of my Upper East Side neighborhood - also has a location in Philadelphia. 

I found the restaurant to be on par with the New York Coty locations and enjoyed my usual order (vodka pizza with Calabrian chiles and mushrooms). While the pizza is a bit pricey, it is of great quality and unique in terms of its style (Detroit) and vodka sauce offering.

If you're a pizza (especially deep dish/thick crust) fan, I highly recommend trying this Detroit style pizza spot.
A spacious Detroit style pizza spot with modern decor that recently opened in a cute part of Philly. 

Although Emmy Squared is on the pricey side, the pizza, atmosphere, and service are top notch. We walked in around 3pm on Saturday and grabbed seats at the bar right away. The bartender was very knowledgeable about the wine list and food menu. We started off with the Chopped Cheese Fries, which is a spin off of a sandwich you can find at bodegas in the Bronx. The waffle fries are topped with ground beef, a cheesy sauce, and chopped up pickles - it all mixed very well and was SO good. For pizza, we ordered the Colony Squared. I am typically a thin crust pizza girl, but this pie was impressive. The crust was amazing and you can tell quality ingredients are used to make this pizza. The drizzled honey cuts the spice of the jalapeños and pepperoni and it all vibes very well together. As mentioned above, it's a bit expensive, but I will forsure be back again to try other pies and some sandwiches.
The first time I came here was absolutely amazing! My friend and I sat downstairs and they have the cutest interior. The food is amazing, every single item - look at the photos and see what I mean! We got the eggplant parmigiana, the zia waffle fries, and the big ang pizza. For drinks, my friend and I split the tequila hibiscus punch which was phenomenal especially for someone who doesn't like tequila lol 

The second time I went, we went to the rooftop at 8:30 PM which is so cute and has such a laid back vibe. Our waiter took forever to get our drinks. Food took even longer and they had them in to go paper boxes - I'm not sure if it's because it was near closing time or that's their policy for the rooftop but it just ruined the vibe and I was annoyed. They close at 10 PM so we had about 30 minutes to eat and had to take our food home.
We can't say enough about Emmy Squared! This place is awesome! Atmosphere..Food..Service all 5 stars!

The ambiance is great! The decor is quite modern and has a nice feel to it inside! The service is second to none and the food rivals that of well, Detroit!

We are familiar with Detroit style pizza, as my family is from there, so we know a thing or 2. Emmy's did not disappoint. Having high expectations, everything we imagined was matched if not exceeded! 

We started with the garlic cheese bread sticks followed by the vodka pizza with jalapeños! It was all great, especially the bread sticks! 

Can't emphasize enough how much fun we had and how great the food, service, and atmosphere was! Truly a gem in philly and can't wait to go back again (and again...and again..)!!
Was excited for more Detroit-style pizza in Philly but Emmy left me craving more, or more specifically Pizza Gutt, which is both more delicious and larger at the same price. The taste of the Big Ang was a bit bland (we actually had to ask for salt) and the crust had minimal crisp. The burger was outstanding but not enough to make up for my pizza disappointment, especially at the price. Wish I had more positive things to say!
We ordered takeaway and had a gluten free pizza. This pizza was impressive; It was ever so tasty and exceeded expectations. Thick and rich with toppings. The only thing I have to be careful of is ordering it too much! Definitely recommended!
