I'll never tire of new sushi spots opening up in the city!  And this place definitely delivers. After eating all-you-can-eat at Aki, it's usually hard to follow up with  regular a la carte sushi, but it was nice leaving here comfortably full and not feeling like I needed to be rolled out the door.

Me and two others went on a Friday night and got there at about 7, white wine and prosecco in hand. We snagged the last seat that was available and it packed up a LOT immediately after. So definitely get here earlier if you can. The other reviews say they don't take reservations, however, the only other available table had a sign that said "reserved" on it, so maybe if you call ahead they will reserve one for you?

Its nice enough inside, with a decent amount of seating, but had a lot of random neon lights and an overall Technicolor vibe. I would say the atmosphere at Umai Umai is way trendier and nicer. They also didn't have chilling buckets for the booze, which I've noticed a lot of BYOB sushi places don't do for whatever reason. Our server was able to bring us a pitcher of ice water in lieu of this, though. Service was good, nothing bad or special.

Between the three of us, we tried 6 rolls. I like that they have different chalkboard specials of the day so the one special we tried was the "Fairmount Roll" which had lobster, a jalapeno soy wrap and fried crab on top. SO good. And super innovative. I've never had a green soy wrap like that. Would definitely order that if it was on special again.

From the regular menu, we also tried the Romantic Roll, Rainbow Roll, Triple Spicy Roll, Fantastic Roll and one other that I forget now. All were fresh and delicious but we all agreed the Fantastic Roll with shrimp tempura was the best.  The shrimp was battered and fried perfectly, yet wasn't overly heavy or mealy.  I ordered the Rainbow Roll since it's my favorite and the best way to gauge sushi anywhere. It was good, but definitely not as good as the ones from Umai Umai or Aki.

The last set of rolls we ordered took a very long time to come out, but we weren't in any rush and were able to digest, drink our prosecco and wine and get hungry for the next bit.

For 6 rolls with tip, it came to about $88. Not bad prices for the quality, I'd say.

I will definitely be back when I'm in the area.
Got some takeout for a couple of rolls (Alaska, and Salmon and Mango), Takoyaki, and a shrimp and vegetable tempura bento box for dinner and everything tasted ok. Exactly what you'd expect from a non-authentic Japanese restaurant. Prices were fair but nothing special. The tempura dip was waaaaay sweet and no good. Wish they were more generous with the soy sauce and chopsticks.
Finally a sushi spot on Fairmount! A must try if you are around the area. I came here last night and the place was so busy but luckily there was a table for us so we didn't have to wait at all. The server quickly gave us water and let us have some time looking over the menu. 

I ordered the salmon roll and tuna roll. Both are basic but sooo good especially the salmon roll. My boyfriend ordered chicken teriyaki, 76ers roll, and salmon avocado hand roll. We shared and the 76ers roll is one of my favorite! I usually stick to my regular order but 76er roll is definitely something I'm going to order the next time I come back! 

Service was awesome! Despite how busy it was the servers checked up on us here and there and our cup of water was never empty. Which is a good sign.

Overall, good price for some quality sushi. Only downside is the parking but trust me the sushi will be worth it. The interior of the restaurant is modern and futuristic looking with the circle lights on the ceiling. I will definitely be coming back for more sushi!
Came here with my wife for our 10 years anniversary dinner. Phenomenal Food with amazing services. Food came out faster than we expected. 5 Stars
This is a new restaurant in the neighborhood that I hope has staying power. We have ordered delivery, takeout and also dined in. I can't say I have had a bad meal or experience here. I have had their lunch bento boxes which are around $10. For delivery/takout, we usually get sushi rolls, shumai, and other apps. I always love what I order. Prices are pretty standard compared to similar places in the city. 

Inside the restaurant, it's bright, clean and has good music playing. Service is friendly and attentive. It never seems that busy but maybe they do a lot of take-out and delivery business. 

It is a great addition to the neighborhood.
Was craving sushi last night and found this place on Yelp. They had solid reviews for being such a new restaurant so I decided to give it a try. Delivery was quick and although I kept my order pretty simple with the chirashi and a spicy tuna roll, everything was fresh and really good. I'm definitely planning to check this place out in person.
Very good! Its really cute inside, trendy. I like sitting in the back, or at the sushi bar, because the front tables are a bit on top of each other so you can probably ease drop on your neighbors convo. 

The menu is huge, but that is every sushi restaurant. A page for apps, another page for hand rolls, another page for specialty rolls, another page for sushi a-la-carte, another page for hot items like teriyaki and noodle or bento dishes. 

For Appetizer, we got:
1) Tuna Dumplings were really good, but would have been better with a creamy wasabi sauce drizzled on top. $10 for 2 dumplings is on-par with competitors, but these were a tad smaller so I'm not sure if the price was worth it, although they were very delicious. 
2) Spring Rolls I wasn't really a fan, but hey, for only $4, who cares.

For Sushi, I wish I could remember the names of the rolls, but here's my best: 
1) One off the specialty menu with mango in it - Tuna, yellowtail, avocado, mango, topped with crabmeat. This was my favorite of the night.. it was HUGE and so delicous, I just wished the mango was riper.
2) Angry Dragon roll, or Crazy Dragon.. something like that... with Eel and avocado on top, and fried shrimp tempura in the middle. This was really good too, pretty big, my favorite pieces were the 2 end pieces with the huge shrimp tails sticking out. Yumm.
3) 76ers roll, which was really good, a lot of interesting flavors going on here. Also Yumm.
4) Standard spicy tuna roll, although small and traditional, the quality tuna was great and it was prepared very well.

I would come back! Everything was delicious, very pretty presentations, and great service.  When I compare this place to other sushi restaurants, its very similar, so if I lived in old city or south philly, I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here, but for the Fairmount neighborhood, this is a good spot. BYO is nice, but somehow we still ended up with a $77 bill for 2 apps, and 4 rolls for a party of 2. No dessert. Umai Umai remains my favorite, but Engimono is still a great spot.
Even as somebody who does not participate in the sushi craze, I would admit that Fairmount Ave. sorely needed a Japanese/sushi spot.

Engimono has your traditional sushi + noodle/rice dishes. Prices are reasonable (and you can't beat a BYOB). My beef teriyaki was tasty, and my GF commented on the freshness of her sushi rolls.

I was neutral on the decor/ambience, but it was nice to see the restaurant completely filled on a Saturday night.
This place is in walking distance so it's a no brainer to give it a try.  The atmosphere was upbeat, nicely decorated and clean.  The light music in the background was also a great touch.  Each time I've gone it was fairly busy but not packed.  There was always a table available to be seated.  The servers are nice, seemingly happy, and helpful if you're on the fence between dishes.  Another bonus is that it is a BYOB.

I ordered a specialty roll and a traditional roll, both were delicious.  The presentation of the rolls were enticing.  

We were there for some time eating, drinking and chatting but never felt rushed to leave.  But if you have a quick sit down lunch hour, let them know and they will accommodate your short time.  I can't wait to go again and discover more of their menu.
I decided to stop by here since I was in the area and was craving sushi. I ordered the chirashi and the tuna dumplings and all the cuts of every fish was amazingly fresh. Every piece of sushi I chewed just melted in my mouth. 
The interior was very modern and sophisticated. The staff was friendly and attentive.
And the sushi was out of the world!
I will definitely come back again to try more of their sushi entrees and their signature roll!
My boyfriend and I had a date night at a play near by on Brandywine Street. When it was over we were hungry and started walking a few blocks to pick a place to eat. I am so glad we came upon Engimono Sushi! 

The atmosphere is 4.5 STARS out of 5. 
The food is 5 STARS out of 5.
Staff service is 5 STARS out of 5. 

We were greeted as soon as we walked in. Asked if we were picking up or driving dining in. When we said dining in a woman kindly sat us with menus immediately. (We got there about 2 hrs before closing no one was really in there but it did not give an off putting feel. We were excited to check out the menu.

It lost a half point on atmosphere because it was just a tad bit cold inside, not sure if the outside temperature had something to do with that, as they have large windows so maybe the cold radiates within. 

The bathroom was very clean and tidy. Lots of toilet paper, soap AND paper towels in the dispensers. Also good lighting.

The tables were clean and set nicely. The staff was professional and polite. The guy that took our order and brought us our food was nice and gave off pleasant vibes. He waited patiently across the way observing until he saw we were ready to order, them kindly walked over. 

What we had:
Chicken Gyoza, Rock Tempura Shrimp, Dancing Shrimp Sushi Roll, 76ers Sushi Roll, Philadephia Sushi Roll & Vegetable Fried Rice.
Not great, Bob. We ordered online and there was a ready estimate of ~40 minutes for 7:15. Awesome! We head over at 7:15 and there is a line of 5 to-go orders ahead of us. No one was helping out, the "to-go" person kept answering the phone and taking more orders even though they couldn't fulfill the ones already in queue and we were told "5 more minutes" over 5 times. Finally at 7:50 we left, came home and went back twenty minutes later and the food was ready - an hour late. 

Knowing it's a holiday, we could look past the wait (except they need to learn how to better estimate ready times), but our order was not complete (missing a whole roll and some eel sauce) and the food was not good. The fried rice was overcooked as was the shrimp in the hand roll. With other neighboorhood options (Umai Umai and Dasiwa are faves), we will be taking our business elsewhere.
This is my go to sushi place to order from. Ive tried other sushi spots but I still think this one is the best and will stick to this place. My fiance doesnt eat seafood so he always get the vegetarian rolls and gets the avocado rolls and the sweet potato rolls. The sweet potato rolls are actually pretty tasty and have a nice subtle crunch to them. I always resort to the dancing shrimp roll and it has a nice cooked shrimp with mango which makes it a great combo in your mouth with every bite. We also always get the udon noodles and I would say they are ok and need a little bit more flavor but still not bad. Great place to order sushi from. During covid times they have a nice covid safe window set up.
Engimono Sushi has great sushi at a great price! Located right in the heart of Fairmount, the interior is modern and the staff friendly. I visited on the recommendation of a friend, who is Japanese and has a high standard for sushi, and she was definitely right! My dining companions and I visited on a Saturday night during prime dinner hour, and we were immediately seated. The rolls were reasonably priced, the traditional ones cost $5-7, and the special rolls ran about $12-15. Between the three of us, we ordered 2 special rolls and 4 traditional, and everything was delicious! The fish was fresh, and came out beautifully presented on a sushi boat. There was a steady stream of customers ordering and picking up take out while we were there, and the restaurant is BYO as well! So either way, dining in or taking out, it's a great option for anyone looking to satisfy a sushi craving!
LOVE THIS NEW SUSHI SPOT! And have already been several times. Perfect little byob in the neighborhood. I would definitely make a reservation, as it is usually busy.

Came for the first time with friends. Service was good even though it was very busy. Everyone was pleased with what they got. I personally got the triple spicy roll and the romantic roll. And of course a side of spicy mayo. Both seriously delicious. The menu is extensive and affordable - plenty of specialty rolls (my favorite), as well as sushi specials, salads, noodles, soup, i could go on. Something for everyone.

As for ambience, there are Lots of lights on the windows. Tables/booth seating when you walk in, go up a few stairs and bar-like seating against where they make the sushi, and a few two person tables on the other side. 

Second time i came i did pickup. Called ahead and my order was promptly ready for pickup. I will definitely be back many more times.
Convenient sushi spot near me that sells pretty good food. The sushi never blows me away but it does taste very good, great prices and a lot of options. 

I also tried the seafood miso soup and pork gyoza. Seafood miso soup comes with a lot and has a generous amount of seafood. Broth was delicious but seafood lacked some flavor. Seemed like the seafood was just boiled then dumped in the broth. Seafood was a bit bland so could've used some seasoning.

Pork gyoza was tasty and filling. It was not pan fried, which I thought was unusual because gyoza always is. Still very good though!
My husband and I were walking around the neighborhood and decided to drop by after seeing that this was a B.Y.O.B! We stopped by Stones Brewery, grabbed a six pack, and enjoyed some sushi! While they do have a more expensive menu, we opted on choosing a variety of the "cheaper" rolls and I am happy that we did! It did not break the bank, we had lots of fun, and if I am in the mood for sushi I am definitely returning here! The flavors were very fresh and the wait staff was friendly and attentive. I have nothing bad to say!
What's better than sushi and byob? Absolutely nothing. We brought our own wine and stopped by this cute little restaurant for dinner. Thr atmosphere is very fun, colorful, and bright. The staff is very attentive and efficient. This place was surprisingly not crowded for a Saturday night. We were seated right away. We ordered the vegetable gyoza and seaweed salad for appetizers. It was soo good! The vegetable gyoza was probably the best I have ever had. I ordered the sweet potato roll, dancing shrimp roll, and the angry eel roll. They were all so delicious. The dancing shrimp roll had coconut shrimp, mango, avocado, and cucumber wrapped in soybean paper with raspberry puree. This roll has all of my favorite things all wrapped into one. I am now officially in love with this roll, and all other rolls are ruined. It was so good! The angry eel roll had shrimp tempura, mango, inside eel, and avocado on top with eel sauce. It was also very good. For dessert we ordered the dream bomba, and the hazelnut truffle bomba to share amongst three people.  The dream bomba is a heart of caramel  surrounded by peanut butter gelato coated with milk chocolate and decorated with a peanut butter drizzle. It was so beautiful to look at. The caramel, peanut butter gelato, and milk chocolate all were so good. I've never seen a dessert like this before. The hazlenut truffle bomba had a core of dark chocolate surrounded by hazelnut gelato, covered by praline hazelnuts and meringue.  I personally liked the dream bomba better. Overall I had a great experience and will be back especially to try their bubble tea!
My sushi has always been great from Engimono! I have ordered take out as well as dine in and both have been great. 
BYOB is always a good idea and there is a beer store just a block away at Fairmount&17 (and a wine shop 3 blocks or so towards the art museum). 
Favorite light and fresh specialty role: Yakuza 
Favorite hearty and heavy roll: Engimono Roll 

I also personally LOOOVEEE seaweed salad so I always get one of those too!
Engimono Sushi was a tasty and enjoyable experience, but without anything particularly remarkable to set it apart.

The rolls we got were fresh and pleasing. The restaurant ambiance was polished and comfortable, though a smidge cafeteria-esque. The service was friendly, and we didn't need to wait too long for our food. They also have TV's on the wall, in case you want to follow a sports game while enjoying lunch or dinner.

Ultimately a fine meal, but not anything particularly amazing that I feel compelled to try again.
Cool and chill sushi spot in the neighborhood. Sat down right away and pleasant service.

Been here a few times and each time has been good. The vibe is nice with changing ceiling lights and it's a BYOB!

I ordered the miso soup that wasn't any thing spectacular. My friend got the chicken gyoza that was good. I also had the tasty sweet potato (with crunchy on top), shrimp tempura, and spicy crabmeat sushi. All of the sushi was enjoyable!

Really nice spot to eat sushi, sip wine, and lounge.
This place is not only lit but it's also LIT! The servers are straight up icons. The sushi is straight up iconic. I feel iconic even being here. What can I say? Icons stan icons. It's the way of the world. 

We got the spicy sushi combo and tuna tartar. I suggest you do the same.
Randomly stopped in for dinner tonight for the first time. We were looking for something to eat so we hit up Yelp like we normally do and this place had great reviews. Figured it's a new spot in the neighborhood...Wow...let me tell you my boyfriend and I will definitely be coming back here!! The Kani salad one of the best I've had. N I try a lot of Kani salads. Lol! The sushi was soooo fresh and soooo yummy. Got 2 rolls the Temple and the 76'er ... great taste! N then we shared a veggie udon stir fry...it was amazing. The flavors and the texture of the veggies blended perfectly. So glad we chose to come here tonight.
Finally! a sushi place opened on fairmount ave. 

The yukuza roll is perfect. It is my favorite sushi roll I've ever had. It's a spicy tuna roll topped with salmon, avocado and a very thin lemon slice and it's delicious. I never really thought about eating raw salmon with raw a raw lemon slice and a tiny bit of soy sauce, but I needed it in my life. All of the special rolls are kind of interesting. 

The place is clean, white, kind of sterile feeling. no complaints really, but I wish you could get lunch specials on Sundays.
This is the place to get tempura and next time I go I'm trying to Katsu. Really good, fresh sushi and the Lunch specials are extremely good deals (three rolls for like 12 bucks-ish!)
The atmosphere is not super fancy but actually quite nice. The lights change colors, and the whole place has a very modern/post-modern feel. 

I like my sticky rice more vinegary but besides that, perfect!
I am no sushi expert.. BUT I do frequently eat sushi and appreciate some good rice & fish. I didn't expect much coming here but this place was far better than I thought it would be.

We started with an appetizer - the firecracker shrimp & I was pleased at how fresh the shrimp was (& just overalll so tasty with the sauce). I ordered a Chirashi sushi entree (which includes a soup or salad) and my bf got a bento box (his signature order when we go to these type of sushi restaurants). 

I kid you not, this was the BEST chirashi I've ever had - the presentation was 10/10 and the fish tasted SO delicious & fresh (like it wasn't 'fishy' but just melted the way I like my sashimi!). Everything in the bento box was flavorful & yummy too. We ended up being way too full to finish - but overall we were surprised at how filling AND good our meal was. We'll definitely be back for more!
Tried this new restaurant for takeout Friday night and loved it!! Two meals took roughly 40 minutes to make. 

We got a stir fry and the chicken teriyaki platter. 

The vibe inside was cute when I went to grab the food and the hostess said on weekend you need a reservation. The place is also BYOB which I'm always in search of a good BYO. 

We loved the place, will deff want to try more on the menu in the coming months!!
Wonderful restaurant!  I was really in the mood for great Sushi and found it here. I had a very fresh salad and the Sushi Deluxe - 8 pieces and a crunchy spicy tuna roll. The presentation was a work if art. The dish was fresh, tasty and just great. The restaurant space was very comfortable and welcoming. The service was spot on!  I look forward to returning.
Birthday lunch with my husband customer service was great food was delicious!! Small nice sushi restaurant in the heart of Philadelphia. Definitely a must try if you love sushi
Where do I begin at how amazing this place is! First, the service is phenomenal. I didn't find myself wishing for our waitress to come over because she was attentive and caring. She was ready at all times for everything. Second, the sushi was delicious. I got the insane roll it was so delicious and tasted fresh. I also got hibachi shrimp with fried rice! So good. Also just to make a point at how awesome the staff was- my water was never empty. Completely in love with this place and will definitely come back!!
This joint recently opened near my apartment and it is now my go to place for Asian food. The place is super bright and colorful and has a fun atmosphere. The place is byob so we brought our own wine and the waiter was quick to cork it. Overall all the staff were very friendly. 

For food we started with vegetable dumplings, which were delicious. The filling and actual dough were both yummy. For my meal I got a salmon teriyaki bento box. This came with salmon teriyaki, teriyaki vegetable, fried rice, California roll, soup, salad, and fried shrimp shumai. It was A LOT of food. 

First off, I was surprised to get both soup and salad. I thought it'd be one or another like most Asian places, but they gave me both. The teriyaki flavor was really delicious but the actual salmon was just okay. Nothing to rave about. My favorite part of the box was the shrimp shumai. This was crunchy and warm and tasted great. The rice was also really good. I tasted a few different rolls and the sushi is run of the mill, but again, nothing to really rant and rave about. 

For dessert, we got a peanut butter ice cream ball and a hazelnut ice cream bowl. I'm not sure if I was super tipsy at this point but I loved these. I wish I could buy a pack of these to keep!!

Overall I really love this place and will definitely keep coming back!
The perfect go to spot for a quick and easy sushi night at home. I've ordered from here twice, and the quality is pretty consistent. It is by no means fancy or exceptionally good sushi, but it does the job.
Good sushi, packed tightly, and not too expensive. We ordered takeout via internet at 9:15 pm with no problem!
Came for lunch on a Sunday.  There was only one other occupied table.  

 Can't believe how this place receive the 4+ satr rating!

The agedashi tofu was flavorless. You'd think it being fried the tofu would be hot. It was literally cold.  The gyoza had the texture of rubber.  Miso soup was barely warm; worse yet it tasted like it has been sitting in the pot for many days.  

The topper of it all is the human hair that accompanied our entree.  A real appetite killer. 

Service was also poor.    

In summary over priced, poor quality, don't go.
Went to the grand opening of this new sushi place and was very pleased! The sushi was so delicious! We tried the hand rolls and signature rolls. Both made to perfection! The hand rolls simple and full of flavor. The signature rolls weren't doused in heavy sauces, like at other places! the fish was so fresh and meaty, it spoke for itself - the hint of sauce added was just for decoration:) BYOB! 

Service: it was so busy during dinner! And the staff was overwhelmed, but still showed their appreciation for the customers supporting the opening. Im sure they learned a lot from the first night and will tweak some aspects of the service and improve for the future! I'm one to give the benefit of the doubt 

Can't wait to go back and try more!
While Engimono doesn't look like much from the outside, they offer very fresh high quality fish, the perfect rice to fish ratio (not too rice heavy), and very nice and friendly service. We live in the neighborhood and usually go once a week. 

We typically stick to the "regular" no frills rolls, as they're my favorite and showcase the quality of the fish the best in my opinion, but we also enjoy the Romantic roll, Temple roll, Rainbow roll, and 76ers roll. For regular rolls, the stand out ones are: alaska, salmon mango, spicy scallop, eel cucumber, tuna avocado, and yellowtail scallion. I never order shrimp tempura rolls because I always find them to taste stale or oily, but Engimono does it right! It's massive and it's amazing if you ask for a side of spicy mayo to dip it in. Trust me.

BYOB and they take reservations, although we usually just walk in and never have an issue being seated quickly.
So happy that there is another sushi place in Art Museum area and with great lunch specials. Brought my family who are visiting from Australia, London, and LA for lunch and it was really good. The lunch special selection was awesome. I got the 3 rolls lunch special for $11.95. Can't beat that price and the freshness of the rolls. My husband ordered the hibachi beef bento box and it was very tasty. My dad loves the eel rice. My aunt had udon and thought it was good. Everyone was happy and full. I would definitely come again.
Soooo good! Try the Angry Eel roll, you won't regret it! They were also very accommodating when I made a change to one of our other rolls. Fun aesthetic too!
Takeout yellowtail roll came completely broken. Looks like they didn't even try to seal it. Very sloppy. Tasted really fishy too & not in a good way. Ate 1 piece & threw the rest out. Would not order from here again.
If your looking for top notch sushi spot in Francisville area this is it! Layout and design of the place is beautiful, I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki, Salmon Hand Roll and the 76ers Roll. All dishes were very good. The waitress great customer service was a bonus. Definitely will be coming back for more!
I was so glad that there was a new sushi place in Fairmount. The food was fine and the lunch special was amazing but one thing that threw me off was the service. We were still eating when the waitress started clearing our table! There were plenty of empty tables around so I don't know why we felt so rushed. Otherwise everything was good.
Quite good. The servers were nice and attentive. The sushi was delicious. The Engimono roll was great. They did tempura softshell crab excellently, and the tempura batter seemed a little less greasy than at other sushi places. Also the rolls all had a proper amount of eel sauce and spicy mayo. Glad Fairmount has a good sushi place finally! We will be back.
I went here for dinner one night with my boyfriend. I ordered the salmon lover and he ordered the tuna/salmon option. When the plates came out we were both happy with the amount of pieces on both of our plates. It was a good portion size of fresh and tasty fish. It's something that is definitely comparable to Fat Salmon, and much closer for those in the Spring Garden/Fairmount areas. Pricing is fair as well. This is a five star place because of the food quality, friendly service, decent price, and byob option.
Very good new sushi spot in Fairmount. We made a reservation on Easter and the service was fast and pleasant. I had miso soup, edamame, and two rolls (pictured). One roll was tuna avocado and the other was spicy yellowtail apple. Friends had veggie tempura and a variety of different rolls as well. Veggie tempura wasn't as crispy as I expected and edamame was slightly underwhelming. Overall a really great meal and dining experience. BYOB!
Just got food there today I order some sushi and maki rolls the raw fish was really fresh and delicious also the maki rolls was delicious too. Inside of the restaurant was nicely designed I really like the special lighting of the ceiling especially how it changes colors. The design texture on the walls was really nice too. So far I really like the place and service and how everything is nicely decorated and clean. Will be coming back soon for some more sushi.
So happy this spot opened up just a few blocks away from our house. We order from here at least once a week and Engimono never disappoints. The Volcano Roll and 76ers Roll are my favorite. You need to check this place out!
Highly recommend Engimono!!! Tried both dine in and take out multiple times. Food is always freshly prepared and taste delicious.
This PAINS me to write this but I just want to give you my experience. I ordered delivery and because of this, I never expect the greatest food; I am definitely more lenient.

Ordering: I placed my order through their website and all went well. That was until I entered my old credit card, which still 'processed' - or rather, gave me a 'your order is confirmed.' Luckily, I picked up when the restaurant called for an updated payment. It was kind of weird. Usually, your order just wouldn't be placed. This isn't that big of a deal, but definitely not a positive.

Delivery: Again, I don't expect the greatest food when delivered. But, I do expect some common sense to be used. My lunch special came with a miso soup - I was a bit excited. Unfortunately, they just packed the soup in a paper cup. As a result, it spilled EVERYWHERE. It even filled up the sushi containers! It was like sushi soup! I called and the restaurant handled it amazingly well. In just 15 minutes, I had a fresh order in front of me. Hopefully it was a learning experience. Hate to say, I had to take away one star for this.

Food Quality: Meh. I love sushi. I stand take out sushi. I obviously was not expecting Morimoto quality but man, this just wasn't my thing. There was a sauce on everything, and a lot of it. It seemed like the same sauce, too, which was kind of repetitive. The rolls were not as good as places like Fat Salmon (As long as they pass their health inspections - yuck!). Maybe it's my fault for not just ordering Sashimi. 

Most importantly, I HATE when restaurants do not clean their shrimp. The poop chute was just staring me in the eye. I just could not get over it.

Will I be back? Probably. But not for a very long time.

Wishing Engimono all the best!
Great food in a nice environment. Raw dishes were fresh and tasty. Chicken katsu was very crisp and the sides that came with the katsu were delicious. The owner Albert personally came to greet us and ask how the food and service were! Thank you.
I decided to stop by here since I was in the area and was craving sushi. I ordered the chirashi and the tuna dumplings and all the cuts of every fish was amazingly fresh. Every piece of sushi I chewed just melted in my mouth. 
The interior was very modern and sophisticated. The staff was friendly and attentive.
And the sushi was out of the world!
I will definitely come back again to try more of their sushi entrees and their signature rolls!
Very solid and reliable. I've probably spent close to $1,000 here in the past year... almost entirely  on yellowtail, spicy tuna, and white tuna rolls, including as takeout during Covid. I was recently disappointed to see their low sanitation score and violations on Yelp and questioned whether I should go back... but I reminded myself how much I've had their sushi over the past year with no issues (*knock on wood as I consume my raw fish*). Since covid I've consistently seen the staff wear masks over their nose and mouth and find them to be better value than the other nearby sushi options esp with their sushi roll lunch special, and comparable if not better quality.
Got their spicy tuna and eel rolls. I like the tuna a little spicier but that's personal preference, eel was balanced savory/sweet

Great value for the service and price. Interior design comfy and spacious. Overall cleanliness is handled well and staff is friendly, great for simple and direct service
This place is very close to my house. I had came here initially since I am a sushi fanatic. With what they went through with being closed I decided to give it a try again and let's just say they have made some improvements. Their sushi tastes so much better and much more fresh. I love the fact that is is BYOB - With my last experience visiting the location I wish the server was more attentive and was able to answer my questions with the menu.
Found this place based on other Yelp reviews.  Was looking for some relatively close to Temple. Decided to go for a late lunch for my daughter's birthday and was not disappointed.  BF had the salmon teriyaki bento box - was delicious.  Very large portion.  Daughter and I had sushi.  All very delicious and fresh.   Nice little spot.  Only issue was finding a parking spot - but that's an issue in any large city.    Plenty of TVs to watch sporting events, BYOB.  Would definitely go again.
Love this place - sushi is always fresh and delicious & the service is fast and efficient! I have tried their party platters multiple times and they have never failed to disappoint. All of their specialty rolls are the best prices you will find in Philly with such a wide range of variety. I cant wait to order here again when a sushi craving hits - which will be very soon!! Also, love how you are able to pay with cash when ordering online for pickup
Just had delivery from here. Was excited to try a new place. Tried the sushi pizza , three different special rolls , edamame. Overall was not impressed. The rice wasn't right , and the sauces were kinda runny , I wasn't into it.
They recently opened back up after taking a break. Prior to that I ate here quite often. The lunch specials are so worth it! $13 for 3 sushi quality sushi rolls with soup or salad. My go-to are spicy tuna, spicy shrimp and shrimp tempura. The hibachi lunch is okay, nothing too spectacular. However, they do not have the typical white sauce that most hibachi places have. Overall i love it! It's a short walk from my house and it's in a convenient location on Fairmount Ave. I will try to come back for dinner service one day and try more things.
Thursday night means takeout sushi. Ordered the philly roll and mango tango. Cute little place that was pretty busy for a weeknight. Outside seating. Both rolls were pretty tasty and are up to par with my favorite sushi places. Only downside is finding parking on Fairmount.
I came here with a friend and ordered the chirashi. The menu states that this entree comes with "15 pieces of RAW FISH" (emphasis added) 

 When it comes out, I notice there are 4 types of fish, and 3 slices of each. I bring this up with the waitress and after discussions with the sushi bar am told that the shrimp and egg count.

 Then we had a back and forth of me calmly telling her that the menu says in explicit language "15 pieces of raw fish." The shrimp..sure? The egg is by no definition raw fish. Ultimately I decided to let it go, but, what the actual F? Just a head scratcher. I enjoyed what I had, I guess, but.. come on, people.
Really enjoyed this place I got take out and everything was fresh and tasty. This is now my go to spot for sushi and Japanese food. I love that the nigiri  is 2 pieces per order. The rock shrimp great and the seafood gyoza  yum yum.
Such a cute little place! There aren't many tables to sit, but the whole wall is a bar type seating, which I thought was cool. It's all white decor and flooring, creating a modern and clean feel. They also offered 10% off, when checking into yelp. Yippy!

I ordered the honeydew bubble tea. My friends ordered the taro and mango bubble tea. Personally, the honeydew was my favorite. It had a more milky flavor, but just enough sweetness to make it yummy. The mango was a bit too sweet for me, and the taro, a bit too milky. The staff was extremely helpful and kind. 

They also have poke bowls and sandwiches, all of which, were super affordable. Can't wait to go back. BYOB too :)
I'm so glad to have Engimono Sushi in my neighborhood! The sushi is fresh, the prices are fair, and the service is friendly. It's a BYO, which is always a plus, and the atmosphere inside is nice enough for dining in (though it can sometimes get crowded since the space is small). For less than $80 plus our own bottle of wine, my fiance and I had a lovely Friday night date featuring the impressive sushi boat pictured here. I'm sure we will repeat this date again more than once!
Love this place.  Super quick and delicious lunch; we've ordered veggie sushi: avocado, MAC roll and sweet potato roll. Veggie fried rice, tofu fried rice, and veggie spring rolls. Friendly staff and quick service.
