We all sat , in the stuffy Music room. Awkward freshmen, yawning in the early morning class. A single boombox, stood on a stool. The music teacher walked up and pushed play.

 What followed was a veritable all star team, of 80s music titans, singing "We Are The World". Its almost sad that it took Huey Lewis and Kenny Loggins to inform us sheltered kids, that people were starving in the world, but it was effective. The song was a smash, and raised tons of money for the organization USA for Africa. Win-win. The only down side is that between We Are The World and then Live Aid, I would forever associate Africa (and more specifically, Ethiopia) with starvation.

  This stereotype, this ignorance, has stuck with me into adulthood, to the point where when I heard about an Ethiopian restraunt, I was indignant.  "They have a cuisine?!" " And its really good?!"  Apparently so, but I had a hard time imagining it. Even after hearing kudos from people , whose opinion I respected, I was skeptical.

This brings me to Era.  Era is located in an area of Philly, which I am beginning to love. It lies on the outskirts of the Fairmount/Art Museum area, and is about as unassuming as a place can get. I went with some seasoned professionals (I wont stoop so low as to call them "foodies") who knew their stuff, both about food and the city in general.

We were immediately greeted by Leon, who was managing. He was welcoming and personable. Era had been described to me as a dive bar. Id have to disagree somewhat. While it was definitely no-frills, there was too much warmth, more like a neighbors basement bar. Drink prices are outrageously low. A $6 car bomb is enough to knock me out of my suburban routine. The barkeep was also friendly and adorable, 2 other adjectives that have no business describing a dive. 

The food. This is what I was afraid of. Forget about my ignorance with Ethiopia, im just not an adventurous eater. Now mix back in my cluelessness about the regional cuisine and I was anxious. Thankfully, the menu was simple and clear. You picked a dish from about 12 choices and 2 sides from 5 total options. Nothing crazy like lion or zebra, just beef, chicken, lamb or lentil. It eased my mind.

I chose the beef with peppers and onions (there was the ethiopian name for it which I sadly forget). Im told the wait can be long, as they often make things to order, from scratch. Our wait wasnt too bad, especially since the bar was a fun place and the company was good.

The food was delivered by the chef, a stunning ethiopian woman, who made it as if she were cooking for her family back home. It was served on a large plate and there was a crepe-like bread , which covered the plate, 3 heaps of food ( 1 meat 2 sides) separated in the middle and another crepe rolled up on the side. No utensils are necessary, you use the bread tom eat everything. So very cool, my utensil hating son would feel right at home. 

The food was amazing. The crepe had no distinct flavor, which let the flavors of the food reign. My sides were a lentil/onion dish and a house salad with delicious homemade dressing. The beef with peppers and onions were perfectly prepared and devilishly spiced. I was feeling that burn , in the best way possible. I called them , Ethiopian Fajitas, but ive never had mexican food so spicy, yet not obnoxiously hot.

Lately I havent been able to finish my meals at restraunts. Maybe its old age, but I dont bring places to their knees like I used to. I hope my inability to finish, didnt convey that I didnt like it. If anything , I was being greedy, and wanting to prolong the meal by saving it for another day. I am truly looking forward to lunch tomorrow, and maybe even introducing my kids to some cuisine other than chicken nuggets.

Thank You! To my dining companions, both the ones I came with and those I met there. Thank You ! To Era for a wonderful meal as well as putting a new stereotype about Ethiopia in my head. One of friendly people and amazing food. Im sure food this good could get an all star group of musicians to bust out another We Are the World.
I must preface this review by admitting that by the time I got my food, I was already two sheets to the wind (which turned into three sheets... or maybe five... by the time we left), which worked to Era's advantage in that I didn't mind too much that the food took nearly an eternity to come out. I was busying myself with their not very extensive, but very reasonably priced, drink menu. 

I'm getting ahead of myself. I strolled over to Era with Hunter, Aaron O., and McThrill after an enthralling meeting of the amazing record-and-beer club. Since I'd been drinking beer nearly all afternoon, I was clearly not in any state to cook (or clean up after cooking); and, since Aaron had been talking about Era for a while, I thought it would be a good time to give it a go. It's pretty much a dive with above-par food, so I didn't have any qualms about entering in my somewhat inebriated condition.

It's kind of in a crappy section of town, at 28th and Girard, but I didn't feel at any time that my safety was at risk. Of course, I had the fog of a buzz shrouding me, and three brawny, fearless, man-o-steel men to protect me (hold your laughter--Bill's new spiky haircut could definitely have done some damage if provoked, and Aaron would have put up a good fight to prevent theft of his fancy new Oakleys). 

We entered the bar just around dinner time, and were greeted by a friendly, unassuming, middle-aged bartender. There was one other group in the bar, so it was pretty quiet. I liked the layout of the bar... it's like a giant rectangle that fills the entire room, with a hollow middle for (obviously) the bartender and the booze. The bartender gave us menus and took our drink orders, remembering to bring each of us a water as we had requested. I ordered a Sly Fox Route 113 IPA, which was only $4 for the pint. Now, here is the part that left me in disbelief: You can't even get a pint of the 113 AT THE SLY FOX BREWERY for $4. They're $4.50 there. The fact that Era even offered this beer was impressive, since I've seen the Phoenix Pale, the Slacker Bock, and the Pikeland Pilsener on tap all over the city, but not once have I seen the 113. Awesome.

After my IPA, I decided to take the plunge and order their $3 special: a shot of Heaven Hill (take the first two letters and the last two letters and you have what it should be called) whiskey and a bottle of Lionshead. My buzz kept me occupied for the first thirty-five minutes of waiting time, but then I started getting a bit restless, so I drank water. After about another fifteeen minutes, our food finally arrived. Thankfully, it looked and smelled delicious. If we had waited a few minutes longer, my stomach may have begun to eat itself.

I ordered the Yedoro Alicha, which (according to their Menu Pages menu, since I couldn't remember for my life what was on my plate) delicate chicken simmered with onions and mild spices. It came out simply presented on a very large plate and contained a chicken leg, a spongy pancake-like thingy, and two sides of vegetables (don't ask me what they were... I think one contained beans?). The chicken was perfectly cooked and spiced, although there could have been a bit more chicken and a bit less fluff. The sides, from what I remember, were delicious, and I really enjoyed wrapping everything up in the pancake (the pancake was definitely conducive to my drunken state). The whole plate was about $9. Very reasonable.

After we finished our meals, I really wanted to do a car bomb, because I've never done one before (you can pull your jaw up now), and they were only $6. I convinced Aaron to do one with me, even though he didn't really want to, and he beat me by about five full seconds. I have to work on my car bomb-chugging skills, for sure.

Even though I'm moving to South Philly on Sunday and Era will no longer be in my neighborhood, I will definitely be back to re-experience (or, perhaps, experience sentiently for the first time) the parts that I was too drunk to remember.
Few weeks ago, I organized a UYE at ERA, and this review is a nod to ERA for the great job they did handling our large group.

Rule No.1 of eating an Ethiopian meal, you won't be using any utensil, you'll eat using the Injera bread ( flatbread, ) and with your fingers (unless you asked for a fork, of course - try not to, for the full experience.)  According to the Ethiopian culture, which is not far from my Middle Eastern culture, it is customary to eat with the right hand only, and not to rise until all are done, so don't rush and enjoy.

Now, one of two things is true if you're reading this:
1) Either you have never tried Ethiopian cuisine before & you are thinking about giving it a try.
Or 
2) You have tried it, liked it, and you want to know our opinion about ERA, if it worth to try it.

Either, or you are thinking of going to ERA, and I say just Go and here's why:

- ERA is basically a dive bar, and personally I don't prefer dive bars. ERA was welcoming all comers. Ethiopian food is supposed to be eaten with friends and family, we were more than 30 Yelpers. We were given the back room, which had some African art on its walls. Very simple decor.

- As a first timer, it wasn't easy for me to pick a dish, there was many intriguing options, from the conveniently set menu option they offer. I ended up getting the YEDORO WAT ($9.50): An assortment of marinated chicken in spicy stew, Goman- spicy sautéed chopped green, hard-boiled egg simmered in sauce, and  Atkelt Wot- splint lentils simmered in Ethiopian spices. And of course, the injera bread.

- Taste Wise, wasn't anything special- not very flavorful to my taste. That being said, everyone else loved their food, so if you haven't tried it yet, go and be the judge yourself. 

- For less than $10. Go. Go. Go!

Three and half Yelps.
I hesitated before writing this review for a really selfish reason. I feel sort of bad about it because I don't usually hold out on you Yelpers. But I think Era might be my new neighborhood watering hole during baseball season. There I said it. It's low-key, cheap, and you're guaranteed a decent spot to watch the Phils game. 

A good alternative to The Green Room and Rembrandt's (Urban Saloon is out of the effing question), Era helps to mix things up Fairmount style. Plus, spicy Ethiopian food is a welcome break from the traditional bar food I live on from now until fall. But they don't take cards so bring paper monies. 

P.S. An extra thing to appreciate about this place is that the locals really help to regulate any doucheyness that tries to infiltrate their little hub. For example, a loud patron came in and was being rude to his friends, fellow customers, and the waitress (Anyone ever tell you that you look like Hayden Panettiere from Heroes? She's hot. I'm not saying YOU'RE hot. Just that you look like her.). He was on some Tucker Max smack-her-with-words shit. And I wanted to murder him. But luckily, I didn't have to step in to defend the honor of bar maidens everywhere because a burly man stood up and informed the loud patron he was headed to the jukebox, "to put on something louder than YOU." Could have kissed him.
Ive had two different and enjoyable experiences at Era. My first trip was a quiet dinner in the back dinning room with close friends. The second trip was a more drunkin event; at the bar, with Yelpers whom I had never met. i had a blast both times, its actually pretty hard not to. The food is as good as any Ethiopian restaurant i have ever been. i have had the beef, lamb, beef tibs. all spicy but not overwhelming, and very savory. The lentils side is actually the best i have ever had, and the cabbage and potatoes are mild enough to mellow out the sting from the spicy meat. 
The beer is super cheap and they have a few good ones, so you can get all banged up and still have cash in your pockets. I took full advantage on my second trip. since the beer is cheap and your eating spongy bread, you might as well have a couple more pints and take a cab home. 
But the truly 5 star part of Era is the service. The bartender Rachel is fantastic. She is sweet, engaging and efficient, she handled a big crowd with ease. She made me feel right at home when I arrived and the bar was empty. 
the gentleman who served us my first trip was also super nice and added to the experience, because he didn't make my friends who were new to the cuisine, feel intimidated. 
thanks to Aaron for cluing me in on this place, I feel lucky to have gone and enjoyed before the masses figure it out and there is a line at the door.
This place has great authentic Ethiopian food, and probably the cheapest drink specials in the area.  The bartender is extremely warm and kind.  

The injera (flat bread with a very carpet padding-esque texture) is really interesting - the food is really delicious and can be extremely spicy.

The woman who works in the kitchen and took our order did not speak a single word of English, which was fine because we could simply point to the menu - but when I asked if she thought I had ordered enough food for everyone at the table, she kind of just awkwardly smiled and backed out of the room slowly.  Charming, but if you've got any kind of dietary restrictions they might not know to honor them, FYI.
Loses a star for time it takes to get food. They don't have a very good system and it crumbles under the pressure of large volume. To that I say thank you Rachel for looking for our order and the "knuckle sandwich" you whipped up for the kitchen! 

Beyond that, this is my kind of place. Authentic dive, cheap cheap cheap ass drink specials, and spicy food individually prepared with obvious love. It was a perfect environment for Aaron and Lori's announcement! Congrat's!
I must admit, I was a bit confused when I walked into the bar.

"How is this an Ethiopian restaurant?"
"Because they serve Ethiopian food."

OK, then. If you are hungry, I would suggest going to the restaurant part of the building (that I didn't see). My friends and I went to the bar, where I think they also serve food. Got it?

I took advantage of the Citywide Special and got the Lionshead Pilsner with the shot of Heaven Hill. I recommend taking advantage of this deal. I live in Southern California where this is unheard of. They also had a pretty good draft and bottled beer selection, including Lancaster Milk Stout (I used to be the brewer!)

I didn't get to try any of the victuals, but, maybe next time? There were a number of vegetarian options that looked like they would be vegan, but I would ask to be sure.

I hope to check out Era again the next time I visit your city. If I get to try the food, this review will be updated.
Yelp lists ERA as an Ethiopian Dive Bar. I'd find this description to be on point. While I'm not stranger to dive bars, this was my first foray into Ethiopian dining. I'm impressed by both.

I recently dined in the back room with a large group of Yelpers for another fabulous UYE organized by the fabulous Sari A. 

Since I've never had Ethiopian food before, I can't compare it to anything else, but I definitely enjoyed it. My husband and I went splitsies on two entrees on all of the sides. We tried the Yebeg Wat (#14) and the  ERA Special Beef Tibs (#6) with the goman, miser lentils, ye'miser wot and the atkelt wot. After typing all of that I really feel like I'm talking in a foreign language and have no idea what I'm talking about. That's kind of how I felt while eating my meal. Bottom line was that everything was extremely flavorful and extremely enjoyable. Sometimes it's more fun not trying to understand your meal and actually just eating it. 

They had a nice variety of bottled and draft beers as well. Nothing eclectic but enough that you could have a light beer or a craft beer at dive bar pricing. 

Speaking of pricing, recent UYEs have been BYOB so adding the bar tab element into group dining could have been a giant nightmare. Our server not only handled our large group with grace, everyone automatically received individual bills. Crisis avoided!  

My only real complaint was that our food came out very staggered. Some people were totally done by the time some people even got their food. We were a large group so I'm not going to let that hamper my overall opinion. The server did a great job explaining Ethiopian cuisine to newbies such as myself and kept everything else running pretty smoothly. 

I had ERA bookmarked for a long time. I'm so glad I finally made it and can't wait to go back for another Ethiopian and dive bar experience.
I really can't say a bad thing about this place. I go here on Wednesdays usually, they have a really fun quizzo at 8:00, and three dollar drafts when quizzo is going on. Can't beat that. 

The food is also pretty good. I've gotten two things here and really enjoyed them. I've never had Ethiopian food before, so I can't really give too much of a review on it, but the flavors were good, and it was just generally fun to eat (with your hands!). 

Plus, this place is divey as anything, which I think is a huge plus to the whole experience.
Meredith already beat me to the summation of my Era update since I'm a bona fide slacker sometimes. But I figured that I'd put it up anyway since Era's worth it. And if anything it reminds Aaron that he still needs to report back on the likelihood of doing a UYE here.

After another successful record club I was feeling the itch to get back to West Philth, but since Aaron's constant praise had it etched into the back of my skull by then, it took little convincing to get me to head down to Era for some Ethiopian goodness. In my last reviewed I praised it for being an unassuming neighborhood bar that doubled over as an Ethiopian food hunt. But I didn't have the chance to try the food and fully engage in the camaraderie. But once I did with the wonderful group of people that I was with it didn't disappoint.

Since Meredith already put the exclamation point on the fact that the Sly Fox on tap was cheaper than what it went for at the brewery, you know that the great dive spirit was very strong with in it. But it also had cheaper drafts, and hooked up a shot of hell whiskey and a bottle of Lionshead for $3, making theirs the best City Wide Special variation ever! I wish the main bartenders name didn't escape me now (I'm going with Leon) because he was very engaging and hilarious to talk too.

Since Aaron already covered the long wait for food, and Meredith vividly explained how her stomach nearly ate itself, I'll only add in that if it took any longer I would surely taken a chomp out of the bar with epic fervor. But at least it had a touch of home cooking when it arrived and was mighty tasty. I had stewed lamb that was mixed in with peppers and onions. And for sides (you get 2 of them added on with your entree!) I went with cabbage and lentils.

So yeah, I'm not really contributing anything new to the table. But at least I'm vouching for the good of Era. and maybe it will lead to finding out about another epic event. So score!
Era is the first Ethiopian place that gave me injera that didn't make me hate Ethiopian food. This is a pretty big deal. Whenever I've had injera bread before, it has been really sour. This is not the case at era.

This place is really friendly, inexpensive, and unique. The lentils and yesiga tibs are good bets.
every time I walked by this spot on the way to the Grassy Knoll I had assumed it to be a hole in the wall sports bar that didn't merit much of a visit. I love it when I'm wrong.

When we walked in during the Fairmount Arts Crawl I quickly made note  of the fact that it did in fact only have one TV and it definitely wasn't the focal point of the bar. I also made note of the huge round bar, great beer selection, and friendly bartender. And when Anthony P. had the presence of mind to ask for a menu I realized that it served reasonably priced Ethiopian food! So needless to say I'll be hitting it up next time I'm in that area. who wants to come?
It gets better with every visit.  When you think about it, how weird is it that an Ethopian dive bar on Poplar has great service and fantastic unusual cuisine?  

We took my brother to ERA to indoctrinate him, and he was extremely weary of eating with his hands and trying a cuisine he had no interest in.  After housing a plate, all he could say was, "shit, that was amazing!"

Do yourself a favor:  grab a twenty, get a huge plate of food, and drink a few beers at ERA this weekend.
This is an ok place for a little group get together where you would prefer to hear each other talk.  Nothing loud about it.  Drink specials for the serious or broke drinker won't disappoint.  One was (wish I could remember which one) a beer and a shot of bourbon for 3 bucks.  Therefore, a ten spot will have you well on your way.  :)

The food is the real kicker.  Authentic Ethiopian dishes cooked by Ethiopians.  Spicy and flavorful.  

The place was a bit in need of some cool air but I give extra props for having a pool table with kind bumpers.  

For the feeling of the night that I had enjoyed I'd rate a 4 star, but overall for Era, I really have to settle in at three.
I play quizzo every Wednesday here and I love it. I would arguably reason quizzo is the best night to go to this bar. The quiz master is lively and the prizes are fun and weird. The questions can be difficult, but you always leave with a cool fact or two. The food is good, one of the better Ethiopian restaurants in Philly. Also CHEAP. I got 3 beers and an entree for $18 total. The staff is wonderful and very sweet. $10 credit card minimum. Highly recommended.
Era is a jewel. I didn`t experience the bar part, so this review is based solely on the restaurant side of the establishment.

The space is small, in fact I think there are only three tables. Its a very quaint, familial, cafe feel with lively decor featuring AMAZING art (including a mural) by a Philadelphian painter/lawyer. I went on a Saturday evening and my friend and I were the only ones there to eat.

I had the yebeg wot, which is a semi-spicy stewed lamb. It was the perfect size for the price, and absolutely delicious - served on warm Injera with extra rolled pieces on top. Our server was super friendly and interested in us (maybe he was having a slow day, LOL); in any case, he tended to our table well. I also ordered delicious black Ethiopian coffee with my meal.

I`ll be returning. I have a feeling this will be a frequent visit for me now.
Went here super late for dinner 9:30pm after a flight from Chgo. Solid Ethiopian food. Had all the vegetarian options. In the back of a dive bar.
So a friend too a few of us here when we were visiting, we walked over from his place and it was worth the walk. I had never had ethiopian food prior and have always wanted to try it. I was curious about what kind of thing would be on the menu. 

We ended up getting a sampled platter for 4. We got lamb chicken and beef and a few sides. The food was pretty awesome. I liked the idea of using the bread/pancake to scoop food and eat it. I don't remember what everything was name wise, but i really did like the lamb. It was suppose to be spicy but i didn't find it particularly so, but i may have also burned off most of my spicy taste buds. The chicken and beef were also good but not as good as the lamb. 

The only improvement on the meal specifically the sample platter was that we got 3 sides but they gave us like 6-9 portions total. It would have been nice to get maybe 6 portions and been able to try all the sides or more of them.
This place is completely underrated! You can feast like a king here for well under $20 a person (including drinks, tax and tip). We went with a group of 4 people and got the Era Special Combination which let you pick three meats and three vegetables for $30 (not each, the entire thing was $30). The meat options included beef, lamb and chicken and they had well over 5 varieties of each type of meat to pick from. The amount of meat and vegetables you got was fantastic! The drink prices were really reasonable randing from $2-6 per beer. The best part is that you get to eat with your hands(which is the Ethiopian way) but the place did not look Ethiopian. The ambiance is best described as a dive bar with a restaurant room in the back. It is not a romantic restaurant, in case you were looking to bring a date here, but it is great for a relaxed and fun evening with your friends.
I like ERA.  It's casual, cheap (a few drafts for $2, and a special of a shot of Heaven Hill and a Lion's Head bottle for $3), and comfy.  There's a dude who DJs reggae and ethiopian jazz (which I'm a sucker for) on the weekends (and, as he sees fit, any other night).  I haven't tried the food yet, but it looks reasonable.  
If North Star (just a block away) is busy, go to ERA and relax.  Check out the art on the walls, sit at the rectangular bar (seating on all sides, with bartenders in the middle), and enjoy some good music.
I wanted to love this place. I really did. The number of people who told me to go try it over the last year will be disappointed to know that I do not share their same enthusiasm. The inside no-frills decor appealed to my senses from the moment I walked in, but unfortunately neither I nor my 3 other friends enjoyed the meals very much. Perhaps I just ordered the wrong thing, but we all got something different and I didn't care for their food either.
It cost me $5 for a pint of Yuengling and a bottle of Lionshead.

Yes.
Always laid back. In fact ... I'm not sure if the best part is rolling my leftovers into a "burrito" for the next morning?
A year ago I couldn't have imagined giving ERA a less than perfect rating. Times have changed. Granted, my better half and I normally come in on weeknights for dinner. For weekend drinking, maybe everything is still kosher, but I'll let others speak to that, although I still pine for the $2 pint Tuesdays.

The bartenders at ERA used to be friendly, attentive, and they'd notice when you needed a water or a fresh beer. The past handful of visits, however, we've been waited on by the same woman, who I'd bet is related to the ownership. She's not unpleasant, but she is a far cry from attentive. Two weeks ago she parked herself under the television and didn't check up on us after our food came for a good 10-15 minutes (and some of this food is spicy and the better half does not like sharing her beer after mine's gone). Last night, after my girlfriend let her know that the kitchen had given us the wrong sides, she put up a tiny fuss and said that the two sides were what we had ordered (we order the same sides every visit and anyhow, even though we love lentils, we'd never need two sides of them). She is pleasant enough, I suppose, but nothing like the bartenders of yore, and you're never going to get much small talk out of her which is always nice. 

The quality of the food has quietly deteriorated as well and this has been the saddest thing to slowly witness. I was in denial for months. It just couldn't be. I'll give them another chance, they're just having a bad night. Again and again and again, but I finally had to get real with myself. Sides have become meager. Not very generous with the injera. A week ago, my kitfo was cooked! And as silly as it sounds, I just don't feel like there's much love in the dishes anymore! After last night, I've officially retired ERA as a bi-weekly dinner spot. Almaz Café will certainly do the trick. I will, though, miss what this place used to be.
I have gone here a couple of times since my BF took me here about two months ago.  It is an interesting spot - the restaurant and bar actually operate independently under the same roof.  You can get the food at the bar but there is a dining room in the back if you would like to sit at a table.  The food can take some time to arrive and there aren't any appetizers or bar snacks.  Probably good to let the kitchen know in advance if you are coming with a sizable group so that they have enough food prepped.  The drinks are way inexpensive and they have good beer on draught - including Guiness.  Everything is CASH ONLY and there is NO ATM on site.  The food dishes are quite good and a bargain with nothing over $10.  The portions are not large but they are filling.  Ethiopian food is traditionally served with a moist flatbread similar to a pancake or crepe that you tear and use to grab the food which is well seasoned but not too spicy.  Definitely a fun and tasty experience.
Honestly, I have been to several Ethiopian restaurants in Philadelphia-- and you have to wait a pretty long time for the food to come. I found that that this place was a little bit quicker, but not by much. I think the wait is well worth the food being served-- delicious, abundant, and very reasonably priced. The servers are all very gracious and kind. If you live in the Art Museum/Fairmount/Brewerytown area, this is a great place to have a laid back inexpensive and delicious meal!
I'm a big fan of Ethiopian food. 
Era has gotten SO good. Every time I come the food gets more and more wonderful. This place has an awesome neighborhood vibe and a good beer selection. And seriously the food is just getting better and better.
I freakin' love this bar. I loved it from the moment I set foot in it. Its like when you meet someone for the first time and have an instant rapport.

huge U shaped bar. Un-fancy yet homey dive decor. Nice smells from the authentic Ethiopian kitchen. Basic tap, chalkboard of dirt cheap daily specials. Jukebox, pooltable (albeit its a tight squeeze from most angles) but all this adds character to the place. I swear I'd recognize the owner's face anywhere, its all very surreal and indie movie-esque. In the summer they let us sit out back, there's a small walkway with a few chairs. If you're looking for a more upbeat sociable vibe you'd probably be better off down the street at North Star or any of the other Fairmount bars.
Typically like Era- the bar is great and food, if a little slow, is usually worth waiting for. But last night I ordered the special Kotfo (tartar blended with cottage cheese) and was told it was off the menu. Then ordered the Kofto tartar, and waited 1 hour and 20 minutes for Raw beef, salad and lentils that I'm sure were already prepared. I was just on the verge of "really, I'm getting too drunk to stay here without food" when it arrived, and the lentils were almost cold when they came. I really like this place and hope it was an off night, because spreading tartar on a plate and scooping lentils and salad shouldn't take over an hour. It wasn't busy. Come on, Era!
I am giving ERA one star because it is not possible to give no stars. 

Meat combo includes three veggie options and three meat options.

Meat was SO tough, and nearly flavorless; veggie options were neither what we ordered nor served as per menu specifications (i.e. listed as served hot but came out piping cold). Plus, our food took 1 hour and 15 minutes! We were the only patrons in the dining area. 

Awful. Just awful.
Era is a wonderful mixture: a beautiful oval shaped bar, drunk life-long neighborhood residents, delicious food, young "edgy" college students, and cheap prices.  This is a spot where you can watch baseball, meet weirdos, and play quizzo; all at the same time.  After drinking at Era several times, I've finally dined there too.

Era is a great spot.  The bar is one of my favorites in the city, in terms of construction.  It's long, round, and right in the center of the room.  A friendly bar tender pops up and down it pouring beers and serving up the ubiquitous city wide special.  Familiar craft beers like Yards are on tap, and the keg of SlyFox 113 IPA seems to be endless.  With a pool table to boot, Era already has the makings of a decent and interesting bar.

But the menu!  Delicious Ethiopian food is servered up for lunch and dinner, and the entrees top out at $12.  Vegetarian, chicken, beef, and lamb (the only real disappointment here, as it was much too tough) are all represented on the menu with different spices and sauces.  When you order, you meal comes out on a huge plate covered in injera, an Ethiopian pancake like bread.  You dig in with your hands and make a delicious mess.  And it's honestly more food than one person can reasonably eat.

Bottom Line: Era is weird, Era is cheap, Era has good food.  The service is lax, but the whole experience is unique.  I like it.
My mother used to tell me not to eat with my fingers. She said it would get sloppy and messy and that I would spill red sauce all over my pretty white dress and then boys wouldn't like me, and girls wouldn't want to be my friend. This scared me enough that I vowed never to use my fingers as utensils again.

Clearly my mother was wrong...eating with your fingers is perfectly acceptable if you use injera as a scoop. The injera at Era is spongy and delicious. It's the texture of fluffy, doughy na'an with a sort of sour dough meets french baguette flavor. It's soft and flexible, and very amenable to being loaded with spicy vegetables and saucy, soft, simmered lentils. 

...and the best part is...clean fingers when you're all done!
Sometimes I get a serious craving for food I've never tried before.  I keep hearing about Era, and I've never had Ethiopian food before, so tonight was the night to try.

For those that believe this is the biggest dive bar in Philly, I say not even close, but it's a time warp from the minute you step in the door.  The drafts and cocktails are VERY well priced, and nothing on the menu is familiar, unless you happen to be familiar with Ethiopian.  We chose the Yedoro Wat (spicy lemon, herb tinged chicken) and the Kitfo (an interesting variation of tartar).  Both were good, but we both preferred the chicken and all the wonderful sides, particularly the greens and the vegetables.

Everyone was friendly and accommodating, and there's no reason not to give this place a try when you're looking for an inexpensive, new experience (in a very old place).
I first went into Era for the Arts Crawl or whatever it is they call it up there where all the hipsters, yuppies, and Afrocentric types get together and look at pretty pictures in Fairmount.  

It's definitely an interesting space.  A real down home kind of place in the middle of a neighborhood that is quickly becoming too self important.  They've got cheap drinks and the food is very tasty.
I've been living in the Brewerytown area for 5 years, and there aren't many places to go to.  I could pay $10 to get into the north star and then buy $5 yuenglings and pretend i'm in old city (remember when you only payed if you were seeing the band?)  Could go down to fairmount and hit that strip of bars, however, the ERA is my new favorite place.  To begin with, I love Ethiopean food, so to not have to truck over to west philly is great.  It does take a bit for the food to come out, but guess what, they have a great bar too!  $3 for a lions head and bourbon, or you can get a flying fish draft for the same price.  their happy hour is even better, with $2 drafts of good beers.  I will say that I went in their one night at 5pm, started calling friends and the next thing i know their are 15 of us and it's 1:30am.  it was a lot of fun with an interesting jukebox and a pool table.  I hesitate to tell people about it because i'd like to keep it how it is.
First time ever coming here, and I think I found my favorite place to get Ethiopian food in Philly! A very low key restaurant, I was surprised when I walked in and saw a bar. I ordered two gin and tonics, which were small but incredibly strong! For my meal, I ordered a vegetarian dish with chickpeas, a salad, and a side of greens. The plate was huge and since I.T was a special, I.T came with a side of injury. Everything was amazing, and i left very satisfie
Such a great spot for authentic Ethiopian food! The bar in front is comfortable (and they have Quizzo every week) and drinks are reasonable, but continue back for a great sit down meal. One of my fave spots in Philly by far.
I went yesterday and the place is great, the food is amazing and the staff is very polite. I'm definitely going there again soon.
Come here if you want great Ethiopian and a cool dive bar experience. Rewina was a sweet waitress. I was so happy to have left overs the next day because this food was unbelievably delicious. The dishes come with options for two sides so you end up with a large sampling of Ethiopian standards. Only complaint were two loud groups of people making whack comments about not knowing how to eat properly and not get dirty. Just enjoy... Duh!
This review focuses on the food.  I feel the only way to enjoy Ethiopian food is with at least 1 or 2 other friends so you can all share and sample one of the large combination platters.  

ERA offers two of these options, the Vegetarian Combination includes all the available vegetarian dishes on the menu (3).  The Special Combination states your choice of three meat dishes and three vegetable dishes.  We ordered this assuming the 3 vege choices would be the same 3 shown on the menu that are included in the Vegetarian Combination platter.  We were asked to pick 3 add-on items that are listed in a section called 'Add Ons' that stated all entrees are served with injera (bread) and a choice of 2.  We assumed we were asked to pick 3 instead of 2 because this was a large shared platter.  We picked 2 of the house salads and a split lentil dish (Miser Lentils).  When we received the platter we realized those 3 add-on items (2 of which are included with EVERY entrée) represented the 3 vegetable choices listed in the Special Combination platter.  This is exceptionally deceptive considering the add-on choices come with all entrées (you just get an extra 1) and none of those choices overlap with the main vegetable entrées available on the menu.  

BOTTOM LINE: The Special Combination platter is REALLY a choice of 3 meat dishes and 1 extra add-on item in addition to the always included 2 add-on items and injera (not a choice of 3 meat dishes with the 3 main entrée vegetable dishes).

Now as far as the actual food goes, the one caveat I would offer on my opinion is that I tend to enjoy the vegetable dishes over the meat dishes in general when it comes to Ethiopian food (and I don't follow a vegetarian diet).  The exotic spices come through nicely (not always the case with the meat dishes) and the consistency (kind of a mash) works really well with the dining style (tearing off pieces of injera and scooping up each bite).  

The salad was the exact same as the salad offered at the 2 other Ethiopian restaurants in which I've eaten, and that is to say, very good and a perfect complement for the rest of the food.  

The Miser Lentil dish (split lentils with onions and hot peppers with choice of having it served hot or cold - go for the hot) was very good with well balanced flavors though no real heat in terms of spiciness.  

For the meat dishes we picked one of each of the meat choices (chicken, beef, lamb).  The Gored-gored (cubed beef in spiced butter, spices, and hot berbere) was almost inedible.  The flavor was fine, though very light, however the meat itself was so impossibly chewy, you'd end up either swallowing it whole or spitting it back out, and I worked on chewing my bite for several minutes before giving up...  The answer may have been to slice it more finely, however I think it came down to the grade of beef used.  

Next was Doro Tib (marinated chicken in onions, peppers, tomato, and spices).  This had good flavor, light but balanced appropriately (not feeling like it was lacking some punch like the beef).  The chicken itself benefited from being in smaller pieces, however was overall dry.  

Finally the Yebeg Alecha (lamb in a mild green sauce) had excellent flavoring with exotic overtones that you wouldn't find in non-Ethiopian dishes (unlike the beef and chicken).  The lamb also did better being in smaller pieces as it was just a little on the chewy side, but was certainly much easier to consume than the beef and was overall a very enjoyable dish.

Now I will add that I ate with an exceptionally large group of people so it is possible the kitchen was burdened beyond their normal volume and the meat may have ended up over-cooked.  Overall, a fun dive-bar-y atmosphere, cheap drinks, cheap food, and very good vegetable dishes.  Next time I would go for the Vegetarian Combination platter and maybe skip the meat choices entirely.

4 stars for the vegetable dishes, 2 stars for the meat dishes and confusing menu wording, averaging out to 3 stars.
I won't pretend to be an expert on the cuisine because, well, I'm not completely pretentious. That said, the food is great, the service is beyond friendly, and you can get fat and drunk for under 25 dollars. Yeah, get over here.
I've never eaten at ERA, though I've heard fabulous things. But I'm here to talk about it's place in my heart as my local watering hole. 

The owners/bartenders are incredibly sweet, the booze is relatively cheap and you can usually get a spot on the $1 pool table pretty quickly. This dive is cozy and friendly with an awesome jukebox. They occasionally host fun quizzos on Wednesday and celebrate their bartenders birthday with cake for everyone! It's a sweet local joint that makes me feel welcome every time I step in. As a dive bar, you shouldn't expect any fancy cocktails. Definitely and beer and liquor place, Philly special welcome.
you don't come here for the service or the atmosphere. 

you come here for the bil ol meat pancakes. they are delicious and weird!

4 stars cause once we waited like forever for the food to come and i got cranky and said some things i didnt mean to my boyfriend.
it's a good place for audible convos with friends, but it's not good for anyone who is starving. there were only 2 other tables and we waited over an hour for our dinner. my friends' dishes were good, but my dish was too spicy to discern whichever type of veggie or meat that i was eating.  and then at some point, a stray cat ran into the restaurant and hid under my chair. that was my cue to leave.
It is decent dive, has a pool table, Slyfox IPA on tap AND Ethiopian food. What else do you want??!! I'm in the neighborhood so it's close enough for me to go hang out every now and then. The beer selection is limited on Tap -- Guinness, Philly Pale Ale, MagicHat No.9, Hoegaarden, yeungling. There are some bottles too that are cheaper. The food is good but not great if you know your Ethiopian or have been spoiled by better Ethiopian restaurants in DC. ERA has a separate seating are if you aren't too much into the dive scene. But overall, it is a decent hangout spot that isn't too expensive.
Ordered the veggie combo on phone and picked it up 20 min later. The lady, who happened to be the only person working front of house and phone that night was very nice and gave me extra berbere spice with my take out order just in case I needed it.

Anyway, the food was no good, it lacked spices and a general Ethiopian feel. I can say that with confidence because I know my way around Ethiopian food. Anyway, my veggie combo came packed in three boxes with three entrees and three sides. It just so happened that all three sides were collard greens. Even though their menu says that the veggie combo contains all veggie dishes on the menu, I didn't get to sample many others because my order came with three sides of collard greens. I thought about calling back and complaining about it with no ulterior motive. But since the nice lady (sorry, I didn't quite catch her name) was the only person working front of house, no one picked up my call. And since I was hungry, I accepted my fate at that point and started eating. 

I've generally been disappointed with Ethiopian food in Philly so far but my quest will continue. It is such a shame though. Philly has some of the nicest restaurants in America but not a single good Ethiopian joint. By comparison, NY & DC, both only 100 miles away, have excellent Ethiopian places.
Era has a special place in my heart. I've been a patron at this fine establishment for longer than I care to admit, but I'm so glad it's had such a presence in my life. 

The bar itself is relatively unassuming. It is very much has the dive-bar vibe going on. What I come here for is the casual atmosphere and cheap drinks. Of course, there's a city-wide special that is comprised of 1 x Lionshead and 1 x shot of Heaven Hill for $3. Straight-up class. If you're looking to drink liquor, don't come expecting much variety or high quality. Most of the mixed drinks are poured with a heavy hand and there are very few, if any at all top shelf selections. I can recall many times I've gone there and they didn't even have lime juice so keep it simple (run and coke's, gin and tonic's, vodka cranberry, etc.)! Don't let this deter you though because it a great place to congregate at the end of a night out. 

There are various newer events throughout the week that range from quizzo to karaoke, but I don't typically attend.

One last reason I am writing this review is because of the Ethiopian food! How authentic is it? Don't know but I can say that it is delicious. It is made fresh to order, generous portions, and no silverware! You eat with injera, this spongy, soft, slightly sour, rolled up bread. It's Uh-maze-ing! The entrees come with a main and 2 sides and are about $9-12 or so. Great deal! If you are looking for a good, filling meal and some cheap beer, this is your place!
This place is the definition of  a dive and I loved every ounce of it.  Came here for a friends birthday and did not know what to expect.  We started out with the "special" which was a shot of probably the cheapest whiskey made on the planet and a bottle of lion's head beer.  If I recall the totally cost was just a few bucks.  

After a few specials I of course had to indulge in some Ethopian food, which I have never tried before this night.  The young lady behind the bar was more than helpful and I informed her that this would be my first Ethopian meal and she helped guide me through the menu selection.  I had Yedora Alecha, AInjera, House Salad & Misner Lentils.  Obviously I cannot compare this to another Ethopian restaurant since it is my first but it was great nonetheless.

Back to the drinks, I drank, I bought others drinks, I ate, I bought others more drinks, I drank some more.  We shut the place down!  My total bill, $50!  This was ridiculous, I've never had such a cheap but great night in my life.  I am willing to come back to Philly just to have some fun here again.

I can't give it a 5 star cause it's still a dive lol.
Yes it is a hole in the wall but you can get 6 drinks for less $20 that not happy hour specials. The beer list is decent and they serve Ethopian food and also there are other selection on the menu. You cannot go wrong with such affordable prices for drinks.
Hands down, the very best Ethiopian dive bar I've ever been to.

I've eaten here several times and each time the food was tasty, the draft beer cold, and the atmosphere ... just like a dive bar. It's a great place for slow, casual food and drinks. The food is made fresh for you and even if you're the only patron, it takes a while between ordering and arrival at your table.
This is a neighborhood gem - the place is divey but the food is cheap and amazing and the bartenders are friendly. I wish there were more local spots like this in our area!
This place rocks, for a few reasons....1) cheap cheap cheap, $3 specials, which consist of a Lionshead and a shot of bourbon, 2) solid jukebox, 3) really good food and a lot of it. I had never eaten Ethiopian food before this so I don't really have anything to compare it to, but my friend who I went with is from Kenya and knows this stuff pretty well; he said it was really good. 

It's a great spot to start your night out. Cheap drinks, good food, then head out on the town. The food didn't take that long to come out. If my memory serves me correctly it took about 3 rounds of specials before we got our eats. 

My one complaint is the lighting. I hate fluorescent lights, they remind me of work, hospitals, and other evil gov't places, and this place kind of had them. Other than that the bartender was cool and the people there were all chillin.
Cheap drinks and great food. The owner is very nice and I always have a good time when I come here. What else is there to say! It's a fun bar with cheap booze!!!
A delightful, no-frills, delicious bar/restaurant that has come highly recommended from a few friends.

I've tried a number of the spots in West Philly, so I have to compare my experiences to that, but overall, I really enjoyed my dinner at ERA.

The bar is huge and was sparsely occupied, allowing folks to actually talk and have a conversation. In the back dining room (where the 4 of us were), the vibe is low-key and friendly.

I ordered the Special Beef Tibs (with Goman, the chopped greens and the Ye'Miser Wot, the hot simmered lentils) - which was all super flavorful, spicy, and delicious. I loved how soaked in flavor the injera was by the end of my dinner. 

What I liked about my experience at ERA was the personal-sized entree (compared to the combination/sharing platters at some West Philly places), and thought the food was all really tasty.

Service was incredibly friendly and super helpful (our server suggested the Special Beef Tibs for me, and I really enjoyed them.) Great spot!
Neighbirhood gem. I love going here when we're not sure what to eat.  Lucky this is within a short walking distance from our apartment.  So much more fun to go with a few people so you can order the Era special combination and  share.
Absolutely delicious and perfect Ethiopian experience in the neighborhood.  

Eating with only your hands and taking injera (an Ethiopian "tortilla") and wrapping each bite makes for a great and exciting meal. I really can't wait to order again! 

For sides, I've had the lentils (hot) and a potato/onion dish. They are both excellent and worth a try. For me, the lentils are a must. I'll be sure to order them with every meal.

The lamb in the Yebeg Wat dish is cut into succulent little pieces and stirred in a red pepper sauce with spices. It's the first dish I've had thus far and I'm in love. 

Eating Ethiopian is an experience! Eating at Era is must!
Why is no one in this bar on a Friday?  The food remains great.  We had dozens of $3 lions head bottle + bourbon shot specials.  We played pool.  We put good tunes on the jukebox and danced.  The bartender Amanda remains great.  And we had the bar TO OURSELVES.  Which was pretty cool.  But someone should discover this great bar other than us.  C'mon!
Local haunt. I'm here nearly every night reading for class or hanging with friends. The bartenders are friendly and the drinks are cheap. Food is good, but be prepared to wait for it. They have the most illogically placed pool table, but, damn, I have to have wasted hundreds of dollars on that thing.
Lots of people have written about what type of bar this is but I want to talk solely about the food.  It's amazing, wonderful....I can't think of the right descriptives for it.  We had never tried Ethiopian food and thought we would just give it a try.  We were blown away.  This is our new favorite place to go.

First off, the bartender/waitress was extremely friendly (as was everyone there) and we felt comfortable right away.  She led us through the menu and gave excellent suggestions.  Ethiopian food is either a meat or veggie entree with sides served on a large platter with this spongy, yeasty bread that you use to wrap up all the tasty goodness.  We were so full because we couldn't stop eating - we didn't WANT to stop eating - it just was so good.   Everything was obviously extremely fresh - when we commented on that with the bartender, she mentioned that the owner prides himself on picking everything out himself and goes so far as to be present when all the meat is butchered.  Talk about fresh!  Very impressive.

We will definitely be going back - many, many times.  The price couldn't be beat - we had two huge entrees, four beers and it came to $35.  Amazing.   Don't let the decor fool you - it's wood paneling everywhere except for a great mural in the back dining room - and don't let the people calling it a dive bar keep you away - it really is a hidden gem of a place and well worth the trip.
I really enjoyed my visit to this Ethiopian restaurant/neighborhood dive bar. My dining companion and I came here on a weekday night when it was very quiet. We ate in the dining room in back. The wait for our food seemed interminable. We were starving and we waited about 40 minutes for our food even as the only people eating! But when it came out it was a luscious, fragrant thing of beauty. We ordered the combo platter which is supposed to be enough food for four people, which I am sure it is... it is also just enough food for two completely ravenous individuals who just waited 40 minutes to get their meal!

The young woman who waited our table was very nice and made us feel welcome there. This place is an absolute hole in the wall so don't expect fanciness if you come here. However, the food was very good, better than what I've had in West Philly.
This was the worst ethiopian food ever. It took 30 minutes for us to get the vegetarian combo without injera. The restaurant part was empty just us 4. We got the combo for $30 which was supposed to feed 3-4 people. It really only feeds 3. The food was cold and the lentils were super watery with no seasonings. I told the cook and she stated it was watery because we didn't eat with injera. I told her that wasn't the case that we eat Ethiopian a lot and we know how it should taste. I recommend the following for great Ethiopian food. Kaffa Crossing, Ethio, Goji, Dahlak, or Queen of Sheba. They are a 100 times better than this place. The cook at Era needs to be fired because she is Ethiopian but can't cook Ethiopian food. I must say the bartender that was our waiter as well was nice.
Era has a new cook and the quality definitely is not as good.  The portions were smaller, the meat dishes were looser.  I just got an Ethiopian cookbook so I might start replicating dishes at home.
Definitely a fan of this place, great drink specials, even better Ethiopian food, which if you haven't tried you need to. This spot is most definitely going on my local watering hole list...
I haven't tried the Ethiopian food here yet, but ERA is a great, fun, low-key sort of neighborhood bar.  They have karaoke and on Tuesdays all beers on tap are $2!  You really can't beat that anywhere!

The bartenders here are also really friendly and not assholes like at some other dive bars (ie. Dirty Franks).
If you've never had Ethiopian food ERA is the place to go. There is a oval shaped bar in the front along with a dining room in the back if the bar doesn't suit you, the bar has a very divey feel. My personal favorites are the spicy lamb tibs as well as the ribeye. ERA also has a good city wide special and a very solid beer list.
Gonna have to go ahead and give this one 5 stars.  Nice open bar room with down to earth patrons.  (They'll say hi even if they don't know you.)  Phils game was on.  $3 Lionshead and well whiskey shot special ALL THE TIME.  Food was great and inexpensive.  Waitress was attentive and fun to talk to.  Only complaint was that the portions could have been bigger, as we needed to order a pizza to share a few hours later...  Other than that, a wholly enjoyable and recommendable experience.  I plan to be back.
I come here at least once a week for the tasty Ethiopian food and a few local brews (Sly Fox being my ale of choice here).  Im vegetarian and ERA offers three tasty veg entrees (served with two sides and injera bread) for $8.75 each.  Always fresh and tasty and the price can not be beat.  They have a dining room in the back (which is suitable for families with children), or you can dine right at the bar.  The bar atmosphere is low-key and friendly with a nice mix of locals.  Check this place out!
Era is my new favorite place to watch the game! There are plenty of big screen TVs around the big bar to catch every play, and the friendly bartender is pretty quick with getting your drinks and food orders. I recommend the $5 city wide! I've never had Ethiopian food before, but I loved the yesiga wot and the delicious spices on it! The lentils were really tasty too! The bread it was served on and with was really moist and delicious. I can't wait to come back!
Not really sure how to grade this one... It's easily the most divey bar I've been to in Philadelphia. You walk in and it's one bar in the middle of a room with old school wood paneling. There isn't really anything on the walls so it feels a bit empty. However, the atmosphere is pretty cool. Bartenders are EXTREMELY cool, and the patrons seem like a pretty diverse and fun crowd. Beers are cheap. Definitely the destination place if you're near brewerytown.
I went to this bar for a birthday celebration for a person I hardly knew.  It was an interesting experience, it's literally a hole in the wall that's attached to an Ethiopian restaurant owned by the same people.  They have a great electronic jukebox, the crowd is mixed, and the bartenders are on top of things.  Needless to say, the birthday girl got wrecked!
Fun place, good food. The beer selection is lacking as is top shelf booze but that is probably not why you go there.
This is a good place to hang w friends play a few some pool and do some karaoke if you're into that. 
  The food is good to very good and can be very spicy so just make sure you ask before you order.  Have fun
I did get to enjoy Ethiopian food for the first time. It was a group event. I came late and was greeted by another late comer.

He said "does anyone want to do The combination with me." I didn't really view the menu and let him order for the both of us. 

Yedora Alecha is a slow simmered chicken dish. For me this dish was dry and lacked flavor.

Gored-gored is a beef dish season in exotic Ethiopian spices. The beef was such a large chunk that it was hard to chew. It was also very rare and was bland in flavor.

Yebeg Tibs is a lamb dish cooked with onions, peppers and Ethiopian spices. I hate lamb. Maybe because it smells gamie or taste funny. But I loved this dish. I didn't know this was lamb and kept on eating and found out it was lamb. It was delicious. 

The lentils were perfectly spiced and good. The house salad was ok.

We did order the combination and it was a little confusing. The injera is made of some sourdough bread that is spongy and served to pick-up the different types of meat ad veggies. It's pretty cool.

The alcohol situation: it's a dive bar with quizzo on Wednesday night. I had Hoegard. It was good.

Parking is tight but you can find parking on Girard Avenue.
A cheap alternative to the North Star a block down the street.  $2 dollar Lion's Head and wood paneling all around. Is there really any more to say? The urinals are those old chest to foot sized porcelin piss bins. That right there signifies a dive in my eyes. The bar is like a giant island, seats all around it in an oval shape. It could be a little bit darker and maybe at least one piece of fanfare adorning the walls, but you can't win em all. 

Also, during the half hour i was there, taking a break from the north star, a 3 piece jazz  band was performing.
Great place in the neighborhood with a good selection of beers. We had the lamb tibs and they were great. Comes with 2 veggie sides. Only thing is that the quantity isn't that much for two people so keep that in mind while ordering - which is different from other Ethiopian places we had been to.
I was a little skeptical of the rave reviews for ERA, but decided to give this spot a try.  It was definitely a disappointing experience.  Anyone who is familiar with authentic Ethiopian food would know that Era's food is pretty mediocre.  I feel bad that people think Era serves good Ethiopian food.  Please, if you ever visit the following cities, do yourself a favor and try these restaurants: Atlanta - Desta Ethiopian Kitchen; New York City - Zoma NYC; Falls Church, VA - Meaza Ethiopian Cuisine; Louisville, KY - Queen of Sheba.
Who knew the Ethiopian Dive bar with a sort of sketchy exterior would be so good!

Cheap drinks, but good variety. Our bartender was nice and fun, and supper attentive. The second someone came in the door she was asking them what they wanted. The food was full of flavor. Eating with your hands is fun! You really don't expect food that good from how it looks inside. Can't wait to try more dishes and tell my friends. Such a good neighborhood place.
Exactly what Margarita T. said. You nailed it, girl. Not much more to say.

Well for variety's sake I'll add that I was held on the phone for 15 mins when ordering, then disconnected. And the portions are meant for a baby.
WOW. This place is perfect. The bar is comfortable and friendly, drinks are inexpensive, and the Ethiopian cuisine is excellent. If you just want to eat, there is a restaurant portion connected to the back so you won't have to listen to the music and noise in the front. It's a hole in the wall for sure, but the waitress was friendly and the atmosphere was right. I've been here on my own, with my girlfriend, and with a few buddies. It's always a good time.

And its right across the street from my house :-)
I come here for 2 reasons: It's close and it's cheap. 
I come at least 3 or 4 times a month. cheap shots and cheap beer. Great vibe and its large.

The large bar is quite exquisite as well and adds to the overall feel of the place. Its fancy even if its cheap
This place is a perfect dive! Drafts are cheap, shots and cans are cheaper, quizzo on Wednesday with JB (8:15). Everyone is really friendly and it's a warm atmosphere. The food isn't as good as some of the west philly ethiopian places but is still quite worth your money. Definitely the go-to in the neighborhood.
We've been coming here for a year and order Duvel Belgium beer every time for $5. Today, my husband and I come and order 5 Duvel's with the expectation that it will be $5 and find out that they are now $10, double the charge, 100% mark up without notice. When I addressed the manager he said he could not change the bill without the owner; when I ask for the owners number they cannot give me the number. The manager was rude, unaccommodating and told us that they now have other beers in the $10 range.  (Good for you.)He needed training on customer service. 

What's the point of a manager if he cannot make simple accommodations to loyal customers? And what kind of dive bar charges $10 for any beer? Last time we will come here.
This review is based on the Ethiopian food only and not the alcohol.  A friend and I decided to go to Era, which is somewhat close to the museum district where he lives.  Well, it was definitely closer than the West Philly establishments anyways.  We walked into the "restaurant" and it was definitely a bar in a rectangular shape that takes up the entire room. We asked if there were additional tables (there was only one tiny, pathetic table for 2 near the door), and were pointed to a room in the rear.  One has to walk through a hallway/additional room that looked into the kitchen.  A lot of hot air was coming from the kitchen, too bad this was already a very hot day.  I took a look into the kitchen, because of course it is a good idea to scope out where one's food is coming from.  There was one lady standing there, and it looked very old and cramped.  However, it wasn't visibly dirty in the dim lighting. 

The back room was cozy with only about 6 tables in it.  Although, all Ethiopian restaurants are really pretty cozy "hole in the walls."  There was a back door that opened into an alley.  There were paintings on the wall for sale by an artist that wasn't of an Ethiopian flavor.  However, the tablecloths were of an Ethiopian design and looked pretty new.  They are almost identical to the ones at Abyssinia.  We received water fairly quickly, but ordering and getting our food took a bit of time.  Typical Ethiopian timing despite for the fact that we were the only people in the restaurant.  Overall, there were really only about 2 more people in the bar area.  A man, who I assumed to be the owner sat at the corner of the bar when we came in and was still there when we left.

I ordered my usual yebeg (lamb) tibs, which came with 2 sides.  I chose the salad and the potato/carrot/cabbage dishes.  My friend chose the yebeg wot dish with the collard greens and the potato/carrot/cabbage dish.  There were only 4 choices, and the last was a lentil dish that neither of us chose.  My food was somewhat spicy, but not really spicy.  My lamb was good, but not extraordinary as was my friend's.  His yebeg wot was much spicier than my lamb.  The salad was nothing to write home about, and there did not seem to be much, if at all, a dressing on it.  The potato/carrot/cabbage combo was good, but the potato and carrot chunks were too big, and so not as flavorful as one would have hoped for.  However, all the ingredients seemed to be very fresh, which is a good thing.

The injera was mediocre.  It wasn't as thick as some of the other places, and definitely not as sour.  It was adequate and not bad, but definitely not the best injera I have had.  The portions were on the small side but the price was on the low side as well, although well within the range of typical Ethiopian places.  

 The food was adequate, service typical, portions and prices comparable and no other customers came into the restaurant part of the establishment the entire time we were there.  The overall experience was very uneventful, except for one small occurrence.  At one point a marmalade cat walked into the hallway outside the kitchen and started to approach us before being shooed into a room with a closed door by our cook.  Made me wonder if they have mouse problems?    Conclusion is that this is a good place to scratch your Ethiopian itch, if you can't get into West Philly, but there are definitely better tasting Ethiopian elsewhere.
First time ever coming here, and I think I found my favorite place to get Ethiopian food in Philly! A very low key restaurant, I was surprised when I walked in and saw a bar. I ordered two gin and tonics, which were small but incredibly strong! For my meal, I ordered a vegetarian dish with chickpeas, a salad, and a side of greens. The plate was huge and since I.T was a special, I.T came with a side of injury. Everything was amazing, and i left very satisfied!
I've lived in the neighborhood for 3 years and I've eaten ERA about 10000 times! The food is great and the drinks are cheap. It's always nice to take people there to try out new food they've never had before. 

The service can be better, but that's just what a dive bar is like. When I order take out they get my order right about 80% of the time, but I can't complain because the food is cheap and amazing!

I am moving from the neighborhood and ERA won't be as close anymore. I'm still planning to be a regular customer - especially of their amazing food! 

HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Era was a great time. The $3 city special, a shot of Heaven Hill and a bottle of Lionshead, help jump start your good time. The bartenders were nice, the jukebox and the pool table were open, and the food was surprisingly amazing. I'll definitely be back for the food and atmosphere. Who knew Ethiopian dive bars were so fun?
This place is cute and the atmosphere was pretty dope, but flavor-wise, it just wasn't there for me. This was my first Ethiopian food experience so maybe I ordered the wrong thing. I would be willing to try again since my friends RAVE about Ethiopian food.
I've been wanting to try Ethiopean food for a long time. ERA's neighborhood is very safe and clean. Upon entering they have a big bar area but you can be seated at a table in the back of the restaurant. The waitress was very nice and brought our food in a timely manner. She was also kind enough to bring a whole bottle of water because she saw how much water I drink (much appreciated). For my meal I ordered the beef dish with a side salad and more veggies on the side. My friend got the lamb tibs but personally I didn't like it at all. Overall it was an interesting experience trying Ethiopean food but it did not fulfill my tastebuds however I still think people should try it (I personally am not a fan).
I've probably been here more times than any other bar in combined visits.  I used to live around the corner and whenever it's 10pm and my roommates and I have nothing to do, one of us would say, "Wanna go to Era?"  and was usually met with a resounding yes.

There isn't anything remarkable about the place.  Just a big ass rectangular bar that takes up almost the entire space and a pool table with a short side (short stick necessary).  The city special rules the roost here; A shot of Heaven Hill and a bottle of Lionshead are served for 3$.  And that's what I like.  Sometimes it would be dead, sometimes busy at any given day of the week.  I can never tell when.  It's fine, sometimes I like to be there with just my friends and the captain.  If you're a regular, you know who he is.

Oh, and they also serve good Ethiopian at a decent price.  Try the kitfo, it's awesome.  A mostly rare hand-chopped beef round with spices and niter kebbeh (butter).
I cannot believe I live 3 minutes from this place. Ethiopian food is one of my favorite cuisines, and when I saw a place a couple blocks from my apartment, I knew I had to go!

The front of Era is a dive bar. Cheap beer, horseshoe-shaped bar...it looks like something from Wisconsin, where I used to live. In the back is a small dining room. 

We ordered the beef tibs and doro wot. I always get the tibs and wot mixed up, but I'll spell it out: tibs is more straight-up meat with basic seasoning, and wot is with all the spices. I absolutely loved the wot. Flavors were awesome, and it was delicious. Tibs were okay, but a little overcooked for my liking.

Injera was really good! I wish they'd let you buy it outright (I occasionally cook Ethiopian but can't make good injera), but I'll save that for my trips to DC.

Definitely recommended. Wine is $5 a class. Beer is $4. Bargains!
I was looking for Ethiopean with a friend, and thought I knew what my choices were (basically in West Philly) . . . when lo and behold a Yelp search revealed Era.  Ethiopean *and* a dive bar?  And open 'till 2AM?  Oh yeah, this is worth a try.

And I liked it. :)  As a beer snob, I managed at Era's bar -- not a stupendous beer selection beyond those one would expect, but enough to keep me happy.  Past reviews mentioned inattentive waitstaff, but this was not my experience:  the cute blonde bartender did us right during our entire stay.  Actually, it was kinda sparse in there when we went -- it was the Sunday over Labor Day weekend, around 6PM.  And while past reviews lamented the wait time for food, we were pleasantly surprised at the quickness of its arrival.  Moral: go in with low expectations and you'll never be disappointed, dig?

We got the combination platter (which is the last item on the menu, and misleadingly below the vegetarian selections).  At $30.00, we got our choice of three meat dishes, all three vegetarian dishes and plenty of injera.  The only thing that could've been improved is if the injera had been steamed warm upon serving (it was room temperature).  The lamb was a little chewy, as some previous reviewers noted, but it didn't bother me.  Seriously - a dive bar that serves Ethiopean?  Can it GET any better, people?  Don't know how late the kitchen is open, though.

The place is a bar when you walk in, but has some tables in a dining room in the back.  It's a block or so from the North Star Bar, so definitely give this place a try if you're there before a show - or even if you're not.  We need to keep places like this around.  Go.
What do you get when you take the dive bar of all dive bars and mix great Ethiopian food to go along with it? You get here. Now, don't let the ascetics of the place fool you. It might look like your grandparents party basement. But there's always an eclectic mix of locals and people from other areas of the city who frequent here, a lot just for the reasonable priced drinks. Now, the food, nothing short of great. Bring back your childhood dreams of wanting to eat with your hands (no utensils). The food is flavorful and the spongy thing that comes with the dishes, I love as well. The bartender is very friendly, but not exactly attentive. But, it is a Gem in the Fairmount/Brewerytown neighborhood.
Where cozy, wood-paneled, dimly lit dive bar meets warm and welcoming East African cuisine. This is probably my favorite place to eat in Philadelphia. You can sit watching sports around the bar or choose to sit in the small but inviting dining area (5ish tables) in the back. Either way, you'll love it here and will want to bring back friends.
Made an impromptu stop here on a recent evening with a friend (who happens to be a regular here and knows the manager and staff).  They have sit-down tables in the back, but we stayed at the large oval bar in the front.  

The food selection includes the typical Ethiopian classics.  Happily, the meat dishes come with little sides of veggie dishes.  Alas, the veggie sides are small - but at least you get to choose which ones they are.  I tried one of the chicken dishes, which was tasty.  Though next time, I might ask for it a little spicier.  The injera with which it was served tasted fairly fresh.

To wash down the food, I had a draft beer.  Their selection of drafts is limited, but is supplemented by a slightly more extensive selection of bottled brews.  And the drafts are rather inexpensive.

The music varied from good to awful, but that might have been a function of whoever was running the jukebox.   It also got too loud at times, but I guess that's to be expected at a neighborhood dive bar.
The food was okay. We got the lamb and beef. Not very flavorful- definitely need the sides it comes with. I would suggest getting the crispy lamb because it gave it more texture and better flavor. The restaurant is in the back of the bar. There are two entrances (front and side). Large bar area in the front. The bartender was working as the waitress too so she was doing a lot of back and forth to serve both areas. Food took about 30+ minutes to come out. There was one other table before us. 

Very casual location. 

Street parking. Can be difficult to find parking since the restaurant/bar is located in a residential area.
GREAT FIND!!! A  buddy of mine who lives in the are suggested we eat here and I'm SUPER pumped about it! This place is odd because it's a tavern, in every sense of the word....except they have FANTASTIC ethiopian food! I went with this pork dish, lentils and this pickled cabbage. The whole shebang was about $10, and worth every penny! You eat the traditional style using the njeri (flatbread) to pick up your food and eat, which is awesome! they also had a good beer selection. All in all, unique little spot to get some awesome ethiopian food in the neighborhood.
