Fat Tuesdays. You know, the daiquiri shop that's based in NoLA. . well, it's here in Philly!

For a quick turn up or "pregame", you can come here. You'll be greeted by security, asking for your ID of course & also to stand in front of the camera for a "photo". When you get inside, you are able to pick your own seating if available. There are seats at the bar, the table, and also the back wall. 

There are so many drinks to choose from however, I always get the SAME one. . . It's. . actually the strongest one. . wow are you judging? ANYWAY. It's called the Cat 5 Hurricane and weeeeell, it'll have you spinning. It contains 151 rum, tropical fruit punch, and a variety of fruit juice. Sooo good. 

All drinks are $8.50. You can purchase additional shots for your drink for $1, however if you want a shot AFTER you made your drink purchase, it would be $3. 

Bathrooms are clean and always stocked. That's a big thing for me, especially for a bar / club. 

As always, will be back!
good god - this place is horrendous. 

we were at a launch party at the Adidas store friday night and fat tuesdays was right across the street so we went in as a joke being that we were pretty buzzed from the 3 hour open bar in the adidas store. 

Now I have not been here since I turned 21. I cant even begin to describe the people here. With in 5 mins of being here a fight broke out between a 200 lbs man and a 100lbs woman - a chair flew across the floor. 5 mins later when we were leaving that same girl was laying on the side walk out front with blood pouring from her head with police and ambulance there. 

needless to say I will never be back here.
This rating is purely based on the random cover charges at the door. It appears the bouncers at the door tend to enforce random cover charges on random patrons throughout the night. Me and my cousin came in tonight (5-21-17) and were charged $5 each for entry. We sat near the door and watched people enter throughout the night without paying a cover charge.

This is the type of behavior that drives us paying customers to take our services elsewhere. I believe management should look into this because I don't think they are aware of how the bouncers at the door conduct business.
Talk about a big time waste of space. It's definitely places like this that have contributed to ruining South Street. The regulars practically destroyed South Street during a few Mardi Gras' and forced it into a state of lock down a few years back. I'd love to see this place go away. but at the same time I would hate to see it's inebriated regulars end up anywhere else, so it's a big Catch 22. 
I wish more Bars had outdoor balconies like this one. It always looked like a good spot to people watch. But at the same time I really HATE this one because it gives me the benefit of hearing how annoying these people are without actually having to set foot inside it.
Give me a 2 190's and any crowd is my type of crowd.

I actually think there's a perfect amount of sketchy on South St. Enough that it can be very entertaining but it's also a social area so that you can feel remotely safe.

Often we expect wayyy to much out of establishments that just aren't ever going to meet certain expectations. Coming to Fat Tuesdays for an actual going out experience is like going to McDonald's and expecting your Big Mac to look like the commercials. Here's the Fat Tuesdays in a nutshell:

You don't come here for the "food". 

You don't come here to socialize.

You don't come here to party.

You come here when you're trying to get tore for pretty f*cking cheap.

That's it. That's all. 

Have a designated driver.

Avoid the cover charge by coming in before 9pm.

Skip the $1 shots.

Pay the max on the meter to give yourself enough time to sit and drink to avoid brain freeze. 

Don't come on Fat Tuesday (go figure!)/Cinco de Mayo/St. Patty's/Any drinking holiday

Get wasted here and then politely go somewhere else for further entertainment. Prime pre-game spot before the TLA.

Happy drinking.
You're fucking trash bags who threw PAYING customers out of their bar, calling the cops and getting us thrown out. The waitress claimed that we had stolen shots off of her when we never had. No one bothered to ask us and preferred to listen to us instead. This place is racist and prejudiced against people of colour. DO NOT GO if you're a normal and sane person. It was the most humiliating experience of my life and I hope you never have to go through anything like this.
We went in and had a few drinks. The 190 octane was the best of them all. Our bartenders name was Troy. Troy was a really considerate guy, and apparently he bought the place 15 years ago and has owned and operated it himself since. The bathrooms weren't the cleanest, but the drinks were great and the service was undeniably friendly. Definitely coming here all the time.
I've been to New Orleans and am familiar with the Fat Tuesday chain so I knew not to expect a classy place. This place is what it is and it's not trying to change because obviously A LOT of people like it enough to keep it in business. And really, does the name 'Fat Tuesday' pop in your mind when you think of an upscale place? Didn't think so...

With that said, I went here last Saturday night ($5 to get in) and all hell was breaking loose that night due to there being 3 fights, one in which the owner (a man) got spit on and smacked in the face by a female. WTF? That was the precise moment I decided that I really need to stop coming here. Now this might be a little difficult because my hood friends like it there and they always treat so I end up going, drinking my little spiked slushy, dancing a little, and people watching.

The DJ is whack and let's every song play basically to the last second. Ladies don't wear cute shoes here because they will stick to the floor or have something spilled on them or get stepped on.

So...if you're looking for a place to get smashed (literally and figuratively), by all means go.
Tourist trap but also a really good time for locals on huge nights like Mardi Gras.

Drinks are incredibly expensive, however. One time I strolled in and they said a bottle of Heineken was $7. I went across the street to Tattooed Moms and got it for $3. Make sure you come when they have deals. In the summer the balcony is a great place to people watch
I really had no reason to like this place, from it's stupidly high energy-wasting ceilings, to its 5 dollar cover for every entry (JUST STAMP MY HAND), and its ridiculous crowd. I don't know about their food menu because I never made it to the bar. 
The music was bad, the room was cold. They may or may not have good drinks, all I witnessed was a few sips of an orange slurpee kind of thing that someone was trying to get rid of. Apparently it's their biggest attraction.
I hate losing my voice trying to talk to people when I'm out.

There are some bars out there I really dislike (Cavanaugh's in U City.).
I hate this one the most.
For me, I can only stomach this place about once a year. I avoid it for various reasons.

I mean, who doesn't love getting wasted off an alcoholic slush drink? Who?! I know I do! I just wish you could order, and walk away. (Technically, if you buy a to-go cup as a souvenir from them ($13 I think) and pour your beverage in it, they can't stop you. I have seen many people do this).

The bathrooms are atrocious. Well, at least the women's one. It has been marked in my brain as one of the WORST public bathrooms I have ever been in. I would never go in there again even if I was about to pee on myself. I'd rather pee outside before squatting over those toilets again.

The ground in general is always filthy. There is seating available, if you can grab one. Sometimes there is a DJ, sometimes not, but the music isn't bad.

My biggest issue, besides the disgusting restrooms is the crowd. If you want to go to a college kid riddled venue... come here!!! Otherwise, avoid. Not being quite college aged, it makes you feel out of place in a major way.

This was my one visit for 2017!
eww if your friends ever suggest going here, you might want to question the caliber of said friends. this place is sooo THAT bar... skeevy guys, trashy chicks, weird blue frozen drinks... it has the feel of a weird promotional tour gone wrong. i'm not sure who this bar is right for, but i know it's not me! the one time i was in there, i had that long lost feeling of when i was 10 and shopping with my mom in bradlees like "oh god please please please don't let anyone see me in here. why am i here??"
So lets face it, Philly is not New York and you can run out of new places to go to on a weekend night pretty often.  So trying a not-so-hip or trendy place will happen every now and then just so you can break your routine.  That being said, me and the crew trekked to Fat Tuesdays on a Saturday night to see what it was about.  

Another reason I came here was because my friend said it was a $5 cover all night long, (not bad...and I wouldn't have to rush to get to a place before 11pm, so sounded okay).  Well things have changed.  It's now a $10 cover after 11, and of course I got there at like 12 :-(  I really hate paying cover...especially for a place like this.  

When I arrived, it reminded me of a bar in the islands with it's cheesy island decor and tropical frozen drinks. I tried the octane drink with the extra shot since this was supposedly the "thing" to do and the strongest drink.  It was a nice refreshing frozen drink that tasted like Tang. 

Fat Tuesday also has a new policy where they keep all the lights on at all times to avoid fights (apparently the bouncer had a bottle smashed over his head recently-ouch!).  But hey, at least you'll know what that guy/girl looks like in the daylight, right? Your beer goggles would have to be super duper strong for you to make a mistake here.  

The DJ was not memorable at all.  

The crowd seemed typical for this type of place.  Younger girls who seemed slightly easy and older men who were more than willing to spend their paycheck on rounds of shots for these little hot and readies.  

I most likely wont be back.  I think it's really stupid to charge cover for a bar that serves frozen drinks in plastic cups and plays music that sounds like it came from an ipod playlist :-/
Drinks were pretty expensive. That said, they were good. Played a round of Golden Tee there also. All in all a cool place to go, but I don't know if I would necessarily choose to go to Fat Tuesday over other bars in the area.
Wanna get the night going in a hurry?  Come here.  For $8.50 ($1 more for an extra shot) you can get yourself an alcoholic slushy.  We ordered the 190, delicious but filling, and as potent as advertised.

The people watching is fantastic, but be advised the balcony seems to be smokers only.  No worries, plenty of people watching opportunities inside.  The inside itself is nothing to get excited about.  Think back to the college bar with cement floor, a few wobbly high top tables, and some tvs and you got it.  However this is ok, as people come for the drink, power through the brain freeze, and go about their night.
I find it funny people saying these drinks are expensive. Coming from NYC this is cheap to me. Never Ever Ever get the 190 Octane. Its pure gasoline. My body spent 12 hours the next day trying to rid itself of this awful drink. 12 hours! I almost spit up an organ. Just horrible.
Atmosphere is a tad ghetto. Bathrooms are gross and creepy (Whats with the huge hole in the ceiling?!) Wont be going back. Ever.
I'd give it about 1.5 stars.  It's pretty gross: sticky floor, tacky people, ugly mardi gras decor.  I've had a good time here solely due to the people I came with, but not somewhere I'd choose to go.  The drinks aren't cheap, and last time my friend's Sam Adams draft was bad.  They gladly replaced it for no charge, but still.  Also people were playing really lame music on the juke box... Train, Gwen Stefani... what is this, a 1990s high school graduation party?

Only upside is it's big so you're not smushed up against people and there's room to move around.  But even so I'll pass.
I felt like I was in the twilight zone when I was here. Some crazy douche bag spilled a drink on me and then found me later and broke my phone. I had to make a police report and the psychopath had already fled. smh.

I was sitting in a section of deaf people (literally) who decided to take a field trip and kept trying to sigh language me the entire time. Did this really happen? YES!

The bathroom is gross and the drinks were simply, ok. never, ever, EVER again will I step foot in this place.
I can't even express how much I hate this place. 

I have walked past this restaurant/bar over 100 times since I've lived in Philly, and I never once had the slightest desire to go in. In fact, I even made a promise to myself that I would go my entire life without ever stepping in. So I was clearly disappointed when my friend, who was having a going away party, decided to have it there. I was trapped. 

Apparently, there was a $5 cover charge just to get IN the place. A cover for a bar!? There was no event, no special music, nothing, so I really couldn't figure out why I had to pay to get in the damn place. I was even more pissed off when I found out the CHEAPEST beer was $4.50, and that was for a Miller Lite. I don't think so. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a cheap drinker, but If i'm going to be paying $5 or more for a beer, it better be GOOD.

The place was crawling with creepy drunk guys and girls that were apparently trying to show every inch of their skin, despite the fact that it was the dead of winter. Gross.

I suggested to my friends that we relocate, which we did. I politely ask the bouncer for a refund, seeing as I obviously didn't have anything to drink, and I was only there for 5 minutes. He actually laughed at me before refusing. 

I will NEVER be going back, and I wouldn't send my worst enemy there.
I've heard and walked by this place many times. I often heard my peers rave about it. But I never seemed to step in. But recently I did for a night out with my friends and we enjoyed ourselves. 

The drinks are ok, nothing spectacular. We did enjoy their 190 octane drink, and I would say it got me grooving. But the atmosphere was sparse and the music wasn't diverse at all. We even suggested songs to the DJ and he basically ignored us. They do serve food here, but its minimal and "bar like". 

After being to Wet Willies , I expected this to be so much like them, but I was totally wrong!

BTW we had to pay a door cover, and there was only 25 people in the place!
This is definitely a young crowd type of place....as a 31 year old I came here expecting nothing less, but with winter break closing in on my short lived vacation we popped in for a drink on a Monday.

The bar was pretty empty in the winter, which was fine considering there was no problem to get service or seating. We tried the strawberry and pina colada mix which was pretty good, but not very strong. 

The music was mixed and overall I am looking forward to coming back when there is a million drunk people to give me more of that Miami feel. I am also sad that they don't have the "call a cab" which is famous in Miami.
COVID did not get in the way of the customer service these gals are serving up! Up one set of stairs with ID in hand and you can enjoy chilled libations as you descend down the other flight. I was sold on the Piña Colada until I heard someone order the "Cat 5," so I figured, "...when in Rome..." and grabbed that jawn! No entry into the actual premises once you climb the stairs, but no worries...the big window is open and they are dishing out liquid vibes. They have a menu of pre-made slushies for your sipping pleasures. No mixing guys, unless you buy more than one flavor. Hand sanitizer is out for use and your mask is a must for entry...up the stairs. They take exact change, contactless payments and most importantly tips. My drink was $10. The Cat 5 was a head banger so I'll be sticking to the grass I know, The Piña!!! See you guys for drinks soon?
Accidental entry on a bathroom break between real local bars...what a low-class white-trash ghetto-licious brain-freeze zone...great idea for Duval Street in Key West, a terrible idea for South Street Center City. Unless your idea of a night out is a plastic pre-packaged phony night in a faux-Orleans with rummed-up snow cones for "drinks," AVOID. Every patron there looked desperate to be told "yes, you are having a good time" and every staff-member was looking at his/her watch waiting to get out...sad place with no real character...Disney-corporate drunkeness.
I don't understand why my friends enjoy this place.  I'm gonna start by naming the things i dislike since I've been here several times.  
1. Cover charge (it's a bar)
2. Sticky floors
3. The alcoholic slurpees

 My friend received a cocktail from a guy, being the drinker that I am I took a sip.  Mmmm... Rum and coke with a big splash of water.   And if you're hungry expect to pay the cover charge ($5) again to re-enter.  I am impressed with the security team that is visible, sometimes South Street can become a lil ratchet. The DJ Saturday night was energetic and keep the crowd dancing.  This wont be my last time here, but I'll try to convince others in my circle to party somewhere else.
While this spot, for me, would normally get a 2-stars, I've bumped up to three because the authenticity to a bar on Bourbon Street in NOLA magically transported me South to nights of frozen fruity drinks and 190 Octane. The beads fly freely, and if you're on South Street late at night and in for something totally different from Philly (but exactly the same as SO many spots in New Orleans), it's worth a trip.
Due to its great location, and wonderful opportunity of "people watching" if you get a balcony seat, I will give this place two stars.  If it wasn't for that, it would only get ONE from me.

This place is dirty and expensive.  The drinks are decent.  The size of the place is decent too.  

I'd rather walk down to the Continental and be crushed by the crowd.  The drinks are better.  The crowd is better.  The whole atmosphere blows this place away.
If you're looking for a place that approximates NOLA slushy drinks, then go to Fat Tuesday.

If you want to pay a $10 cover after 8pm to go to a clubby atmosphere where they take your photo when you come in because they think you might do something worthy of arrest, then go to Fat Tuesday.

If you want to watch all sorts of sports and get made fun of for order beers, then go to Fat Tuesday.

If you want to sit on the front porch and people watch, then go to Fat Tuesday.

Or just don't go, I guess. Yeah, you're probably better off.
I'm about 90% sure I'm not a fan. At all.

Sure, their 190 Octane can get me quite blasted but I don't think it's my kind of crowd. 

It's not really all that friendly and honestly, I just felt awkward being there. 

It's quite rare for me to just want to finish my drink and get the hell outta the place but that's pretty much what Fat Tuesday's does to me.
I first came here two years ago on a Saturday afternoon and we had a good time.  We recently returned on a Friday evening around 8pm.

They scan your ID and make you stand in front of a camera to verify the accuracy of your ID. You would think you are trying to get into the white house. My friend forgot her drivers license but had her NYC ID, which does not scan but is accepted as a form of ID all over NYC. The bouncer refused to let her in.  After acting like the secret service and indicating we should have read the ID policy, he was told he should let her in.

Ambiance: Laid back playing top 40.  It is annoying that they still let people smoke cigarette in the semi outdoor area, which pretty much mean if you are sitting at one of the tables by the entrance, you will smell like cigarettes, but it is what it is.  Crowd was mixed in age and race with two bachelorette parties in the crowd.

Drinks: Strong. slushy and sweet.

This is one of those places that you come to once in a blue moon.
In honor of Fat Tuesday, I am reviewing this eponymous bar in Philly. 

Like its namesake, this place is a shitshow of epic proportions. The environment has the feel of a trashy bar at the Jersey shore with worse clientele (if that's even possible), but if you're with a large group of friends who are all looking to get wasteyfaced on super sugary but admittedly tasty slushies laced with rocket fuel ($8, but one or two of these will get you totally sloshed), this is your place. And just like at Mardi Gras, your shoes will stick to the floor and you may end up doing things you'll regret in the morning, but you'll be too drunk to notice. 

Unlike its namesake, however, I didn't see any boobs.
I know I'm in the minority by HATING this place. First off, let me say I 'm NOT a drinker. That has never stopped me from having fun at OTHER places!  Fat Tuesday is a dump. It's dirty, it's loud and people here get SLOPPY DRUNK!!!!!  Not my scene AT ALL.
My friend ordered one $8 High Octane drink and was charged for two of them on his credit card tab.  When he attempted to talk to the manager, Mike Trapp, the manager did nothing but yell at him and hide away in the office.  We got the number for corporate and my friend is now contesting the charge.  Avoid this place.
Sweet baby Jesus!  If you're looking for a fancy spot with an awesome DJ and good crowd do not come here.  If you're looking for cheap strong drinks this is the spot for you!  Me and 2 friends went here on a Saturday night around 8:30.  No cover charge at that time but at 9:00 it starts at $5 and goes up from there.  No way I'd actually pay to come here.  DJ played generic pop music, nothing interesting but my 11 year old probably would have sang along to most of the songs.  Now we were drinking these alcoholic slurpees of the 190 Octane variety.  Those things were no effing joke.  I made it through one and a half and the rest is a blur.  But no worries folks, no alcohol was wasted since the girl sitting next to us asked if she could finish our drinks since we were leaving.  Yes she was a complete stranger.  Ummm sure girl go ahead and finish them.  Those are the kind of people who hang at Fat Tuesday.  Guys were creepy, service was so so.  But if money is tight and you need to go somewhere to get your drank on this spot will do.
I've been to the Philly location twice and I've had great experiences! The drinks are affordable and you are able to mix the flavors if you would like to experiment. The environment has a good and chill feel to it. I always go with my friends and we always have a good time. 
I never had their food but they do have sandwiches and wings available to eat. 

My go to flavor is always Mango and it's good on its own without mixing. When I went to they're Bahamas location, one of the staff members made me aware that I was able to mix the flavors if I wanted to and since then I try to experiment. This time I got Mango and eye candy together and it was amazing. I love fruity drinks so it was definitely the perfect combination. 
I recommend this place if you do want to go out for the night with your friends or significant other or just by yourself if you want to chill out.
I have to say BE CAREFUL!! The first time I went to Fat Tuesday I had a couple of $1 Jell-O shots and 2 190 octanes. I ended up meeting a guy, meeting his friends and family, getting to know him in depth, creating a fantasy future together, aaaand losing my phone. -____- the drinks are not to be underestimated. Lol the food was great though. I had the fried ravioli (awesome) and fries. 

The second time I went I had just come from eating so I didn't grab food but a girlfriend and I ordered a drink. It was so potent we had to buy the Fat Tuesday drink bottle to take it to go. 

I love that the entire front of the place is a balcony. Great for smoking a cig while drinking if you smoke. It was a great spot to stop at during the south st festival although they didn't offer any specials (and why would they? It's so good everyone will pay full price) I can't say this would be a pregame spot or an ending spot. Maybe I just cant handle the drinks (but I'm a heavyweight!! Lol)

Great spot. Good food. Awesome drinks!! Worth the price. The food menu isn't too expensive but the drinks are definitely worth the price. And they have $1 Jell-O shots. Your wallet will be fine.
Sticky floors. Sticky menus. Sticky bartenders. People smoke on the front porch and it travels into the bar - caca. On Mardi Gras, though, the energy was good and many people came out to drink. 

The beverages are what you'd expect - sugary slushies. Not great, but strong enough to do the job. The worst part about this place is that they don't have signature Fat Tuesday cups. They're served in gas station styrofoam coffee cups, which defeats the purpose of going to a place like this.
This place is just plain weird. I was invited for drinks here and I've never been to this area so I thought "sure, why not?". 

Upon arrival, my thought was "uhmmmm...maybe we should go somewhere else?". But we sat down. It was pretty empty since it was sunday evening. 

The place did have a very "eck" feel to it. 

We ordered drinks which were frozen and I had to keep asking my friends "are all the drinks, except for beer, frozen?". It just struck me as odd.

The main drink I wanted wasn't available that night so i went with mango and banana banshee. 

You get the drink in this big plastic cup with a straw...it's a slurpee!
I mean I got a little buzz from the two drinks but it wasn't anything I would come back for. 
I mean the place is not fancy in ANY way...I don't think I would recommend this place to anyone I know.
Came here on 4th of July and I was really surprised at the lack of turn out and service. There is no table service at this time and it took the bartender a while to acknowledge although the place was empty. And I have been to Fat Tuesday's pre-Covid where we were standing shoulder to shoulder. I hope they bounce back fast from the pandemic because they need it!
Went to Fat Tuesday's this weekend but wasn't too impressed. I always pass by here when I'm on South Street and thought it was going to be way different. Fat Tuesdays offers slushee styled alcoholic beverages. This is just like Wet Willies except there is an entire menu involved there. The good thing about Fat Tuesday's was the size of the drink was a good deal. I think it was $8.00 and you got a huge cup. The slushee is loaded with alcohol so if that's what you like this is perfect for you. It is not watered down and the alcohol outweighs the slush which I like. The reason I am giving a three star is because of the layout/seating. The music is awesome in there and it feels like there is so much more that could be going on here. The place is pretty big so there could definitely be a dance floor. I was ready to dance out but couldn't because there are a few tables scattered through out and just people standing around. I sort of felt like I was just being watched for a while. We made it out to the deck area where everyone smokes. I don't smoke so it was pretty annoying but I really wanted to be outside. I think Fat Tuesday's is an awesome place they just need to get someone in there to change things up. Need to add dancing and a different seating arrangement. 


Oh yes I forgot , when you check in with your ID they take a photo of you. I did not like this at all. I've been to a ton of bars and never have had this. Not really sure what this is for and I felt like I needed to sign a waiver so they don't use my photo for something.
I visited this location the night of my birthday back in March. It was a Saturday. When we got there, the line was not too long.  This place seems like an after-club-hangout-spot. 

I got a frozen drink that was mango flavored (forgot the name). Though it was a little pricey, it was tasty. It could have used a bit more liquor....

The atmosphere was blah.  There were several groups of people standing around staring at the other groups.  Every so often the DJ would play a good song and the crowd would dance for a few seconds then go back to staring.... The staff was very friendly.
Their spiked slushees are amazing. I can't believe I've  been missing out on this for so long. For a little over $8, you get a large cup of spiked slushee!!! Tons of flavors to choose from too!!! Scoot over 7-Eleven, I'll be stopping by here a lot this summer. Get the mango, I promise you'll like it.
Every time I visit Philadelphia I go to Fat Tuesdays for a tasty, slushy, boozy drink. Usually the staff is laid back and super friendly. The last time was during the summer (low covid #s) and there was no indoor access, limited seating on the sidewalk and the employees were a little brusque. I figured it was the stress of operating without being able to do things in their regular fashion. I ended up purchasing face masks and skipped the alcohol since the lady cashier met me with the worst vibes. 
This time they were outright rude, particularly the female cashier with short hair (same one from before). I thought, be extra nice it may help. My friend and I walked up after having our ID scanned and said hello. Nothing. I was thrown a bit, but my friend was so excited to sip. I attempted to order and was cut off and told "no mixing flavors". Ummm ok. I chose one and she plopped the cup down and stuck her hand out. I beg your pardon? No total, but a hand? I wasn't sure if there was tax, finally she barked out "10". I gave her exact change. Rudeness does not deserve tips. No worries, I will take my business elsewhere in the area.
We went in here for the super bowl, I've been here once before to try the octane drink and enjoyed it. When we walked in the bouncer wasn't very nice but not a big deal. We've had issues before coming in here one of the times was because we had a small bag of food and he told us we couldn't bring it in with us so we just left. 

They are pretty strict about identification so don't think you will get in with a fake. We sat at a table near one of the televisons and ordered our drinks, the waitress was friendly and came to us fast. It wasn't very busy in there which I was surprised about. 

I feel like they can update the place a bit with decorations and making the place a little nicer overall. The food menu was very limited but we were ok with that because we weren't very hungry. I believe people come here mainly for their drinks. 

Overall it's a cool place to sit and have a drink. The octane drinks we had were $8.50 each and we thought it was mostly worth the price they charge. I will go back again to have another octane for sure.
So I've been here, And I only go with large groups of people so we can sort of "take over" for a while. I have a love of fruity drinks and this is a place to find such a thing. 

I'd never go here alone, I'd never be caught dead here, and I'm not sure I should even admit that I've been here. 

Hey, it's just fruity drinks, right?
My friend decided to stop by for one drink to kill time... wish we would have kept walking. The bouncer was ignorant and moody. He literally asked us to liter and throw out water bottles to the side of their own stairs (knowing there was a garbage  straight ahead). I guess taking people's ID and checking them is a very miserable job. We came up to the bar and waited about 10 minutes to be helped. We ordered two piña coladas and 2 White Russians. Both HORRIBLE and extremely sweet- after 3 sips I got a headache. One of my friends asked very nicely if we could change our drinks because we CLEARLY weren't happy with them and couldn't even drink them after two sips. Unfortunately the bartender wasn't the type to please his customers and said no. We left all 4 drinks more than half full. WASTE OF MONEY. If you want to pay for sugar packed drinks instead of alcoholic beverages this is that kind of place.
Stopped by here on Thursday Night. Dead crowd, Dead atmosphere. But the kicker was in order to gain entry into the bar the doorman "scans" your I.D. ,  which takes the information off of your license and then takes a picture, which may or not be stored on a database. This is a little excessive just to buy a slurpee. Will not return.
I give this place a 3 star only because I enjoy visiting other Fat Tuesdays in other states!. maybe I have to go back to PA in the summer...Well is was about 29 degrees outside when my friends and I decided to drive north. approaching the door we were rudely greeted by a man wearing a coat saying SECRUITY he treated us like her was working for the TSA in JFK airport. We walked in to a much younger crowd than we are (none of us are in our 30s, yet! lol). we ordered or drinks and found a table. after fellowshipping for sometime we found ourselves cold like we were in Iceland in an igloo. the security or special ops team opens a large wall to let the heat out. THE WORST IDEA EVER! other than that I love the Mardi Gras slush!!!
Place is awesome.....if you are a jock moron who peaked in high school, and a complete dingus who likes drinking childish slushies with booze. For people with a higher brain function, stay way from this pit! Rude bartenders, rowdy bros, and awful cocktails! I hope this place does the city of Philly a favor and closes for good!
I've been coming here for years, but I haven't paid cover in a long time.  A few times, I've waited in line, but once they say there is a cover, I decline and just walk away.  My greatest tip is that if they are charging a cover, it's too crowded and you should head anywhere else.  

We had a reservation in the area, so we decided to stop in and share a drink.  We went with the candy bar and it was pretty good.  Chocolate and vanilla vodka flavors with a shooter.  On a Sunday night, it wasn't too crowded.  We were able to grab a seat and just relax for a little bit.  This place is great in the summer time during the day.  Just sitting out by their front window with a nice cold slushy drink.
Went there a few days ago and had a good time the drinks really good , the bartender was pretty cool . I felt so bad I kept forgetting his name. The only thing was my boyfriend and I wanted to watch the a certain game and he didn't want to change the channel lol !
Just the thought of this amateur hour tourist trap conjures up memories of Real World Philly-- one of the few episodes I saw, which featured, if memory serves, the black guy getting harassed by the cops.  It pretty much sums up South Street and definitely sums up Fat Tuesday.  It's places like this that has the entire street under lock-down on Mardi Gras.  It's places like this that gets the people so drunk and obnoxious on crappy beer and makes my walk down and around this street pure misery.  And it's places like this that serve people so much drink that they wind up punching police horses.
Love this location EVERYTIME we are around we always have to stop in!!! There drinks are really great !! And the bartenders are so sweet we got extra Tab up and extra shots.Love this Philadelphia location!!!!
Dropped in to watch the basketball game and have an ice cold drink on a hot, sweltering evening. Both turned out really good! Not sure what folks are expecting from a Fat Tuesday's but this is the epitome of what they're about - loud atmosphere with some tasty ice cold drinks. Awesome.
I went here with 5 other Marines when we returned from a long deployment. The walls were filled with posters and signs displaying the specials. But when we got our check the specials were NOT honored. We asked for a manager but could not speak to one. Our waitress then explained prices are really determined by the servers and they're informed NOT to promote any specials. Average drink price was about $8 or $9 dollars. The dress code seemed to only apply to certain groups of people as well. Overall just a poor experince.
Im a huge fan of Fat Tuesdays but the location isn't the most appealing .. Parking is nearly impossible .. They have a weird dress code for a frozen drink bar . No sweats even tho the bouncer at the door had on sweat shorts and sneakers ?? .. And the bartender wasn't very knowledgeable on Classic Fat Tuesday mixes
TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE.  My wife and I went to Fat Tuesday on Saturday evening 4/19/15.  I brought two refillable cups with me and I asked the bartender (later identified as June) to rinse them before pouring my drinks.  In the interim, she took additional drink orders and failed to rinse my cups before refilling them.  I pointed this out to her and she became irate. Given the error she made, I simply asked her to sell me two drinks in new cups that I would purchase.  June became even more rude and obnoxious and said,  "You can buy two new cups, but I refuse to serve you, see someone else".  I was flabbergasted at her response and asked her why she was acting like that.  I am an over 50, professional, African American male and at no time was disrespectful towards her.  Moreover, my wife and I frequent this establishment a couple times per month and have never experienced any problems from staff.  I am asking the owner to address this matter with June, who claims to be a manager.  She also needs to be retrained on how to treat customers.  A VERY DISAPPOINTING AND EMBARRASSING EXPERIENCE.
OMG - I can't believe they've survived for all these years.  It's fruity-drink, frat boy, college chick central.

Not my kinda place - and never was.
the drinks were very good! they weren't serving food on the day my friend and I decided to stop in, which was a little disappointing but if you're looking for a good liquid lunch this place is gold! they have many different flavored slushy alcohol drinks for $8.50 for around a pint size glass. you can even mix flavors! we asked to try a small half shot of one and they declined, but obviously understandable they don't want people to keep trying all the flavors and get a buzz and leave! lol but overall would recommend. they even have a 'garage style' door that opens when it's nice out with seating off the balcony area! not ideal when sitting near the entrance though as you will leave smelling like a cig due to people smoking. we went during the day and it was a good place to stop for one.
This place is dirty and dingy- and the crowd is usually almost ALWAYS sketchy. After 1.5 190 octanes, you will be DRUNK. I've had a few interesting experiences here. I really don't recommend going here except to try the 190 octane if you haven't before.
Don't come during peak hours and you'll be ok. I enjoy tasting their huge selection of frozen drinks and have almost polished off the list, just a few more to go.  Do NOT come here when the sun goes down, under any circumstances. Unless that is you are young, in college, are loud, or an attention whore douche.
Worst bar I have been to in a very long time. The bathrooms were dirty, the floor looked like their slushy machine had broke all over it. It was black and watery. The bouncers were the biggest joke of them all. There was no reentry so if you needed to take a phone call you had to pay cover Again to get back in. My friends Id was expired. They told me if I gave them $20 each plus my cover, they would let him in. So $45 in total. I was enraged so they wouldn't even let me in to say goodbye to the rest of the crew. Very corrupt and very dirty as an establishment. I will not be going back.
Was told by whoever answered the phone there is no cover charge before 9, guy in the front insisted they were wrong and still charged my whole party. Place is just a small bar with their octane freezes--which are good. 

Still mad about the cover charge will not come here again if employees are not going to honor the before 9 offer.
Love fat Tuesdays. They Don't let you sample the drinks though. So I just went with what I know best ..The Octane
i love the 190's!! def my summer spot!
First of all, we arrived around 10pm and had to pay $5 to get in. That was a BIG turnoff. I've been to many Fat Tuesday locations, and I've never had to pay no matter how late I've arrived. It's a bar!!

Now, that I've got that out of the way, this place wasn't extremely bad. The crowd was quite interesting. It was a mix of a whole lot of different kinds of people. The crowd was really hard to read for me and my girlfriends, who were tourists of the area. Therefore, we decided to just find a table and just worry about ourselves. That proved to be a good idea. We had a good time. I was here for a conference, and I ended up inviting some people I met at the conference to join us, and we had a great time. The drinks were strong and the waiters were okay, but I think the only thing that really contributed to me having such a good time there was the company I brought with me. Also, street parking was no fun.

Meh. I've experienced better.
lots of slurpee machines and weird men trying to hit on you all the time.  good for shakin' the booty though, that's about it.
Where to begin with this review, just terrible! We arrived on a Saturday from out of town for a day trip decided to check out the spot. When we got to Fat Tuesday it was around 2:45 pm. At the door we where directed to stand in a line on the left side  then asked to show ID (expected), then while showing your ID asked to take of sunglasses, directed look look a camera while your ID is scanned ( no signs but I definitely ask why for everything and who has access to my information and for how long) then told to keep my shades off (not an issue but the principle of telling me I can't is an issue). Upon walking inside the place is hole in the wall. Since we time on the meter and walked right out front decided to continue the experience of the BS (group of friends hanging for the day). We all order and asked to pay before drinks come out, get the damn frozen extra sugar drinks only one person drank the entire one. The server well we never did see her again until we flagged her down damn near with a whistle, the cigarette smoke from the balcony was terrible to smell and breathing in, chairs we broken or sticky, table was shaky, floor wellllllll what the hell, lets just say I won't ever go back to Fat Tuesday in Philadelphia ever again!!!!!!!!!!!!
No samples. Floor almost took my sandal off it was so sticky. How can you be out of pina colada?
Easy breezy drinks on a budget. 
I came early while on a day trip to philly so I can't say much for the customers, but seems decent enough. Not allot of choices but just enough. Smelled a little mop watery but when ur drinking it doesn't really matter. Id really have to return at night to get a good feel but decent for a dive space.
If you want a fruity flavored slushy drink that will not get you buzzed unless you add another shot, drink here. But they do have a mixed crowd and lots of TVs to distract you from the fact that your not getting drunk!
Fat Tuesday is always an interesting experience.  The guys at the door are so random to the point that they wouldn't let us wear sunglasses on top of our heads and enter the premises.  Another time we watched them deny a guy entrance for wearing a football jersey!

If you're granted access, don't expect good service, never order anything claiming to be food, and be very careful what you say or do anywhere near the balcony.  The frozen drinks are the only reason for coming.  They're tasty, cheap, and absolutely loaded with liquor.  Great way to start a raunchy night out before the (scary) crowds start to pile in.
Ratings could really sway here either way... Guess it really depends on the mood and what you're going for.  It's a big open New Orleans style  type party bar serving a variety of slurpee type daiquris in large plastic cups... Awesome I guess if you're looking to go hard.

When we stopped in, it was more of a mid-day refresher since it was 90 something degrees out.  Served it's purpose... the drinks went down really easy, some were better than others.  Loved the mango, tried the signature octane, tasted like they filled the thing with Dubra or Crystal Palace... or something worse if that's possible???

Wait staff not the greatest but not really expecting much in a place like this either.  

Got some games and arcades as well, beads and colors everywhere.. Overall, a cool spot for a large group
Unless you order straight shots, you are getting watered down liquor. I drank the shooter that was in the margarita I ordered instead  of pouring it in the drink. That tasted  like 60% water. Then ordered a shot of Patron, that was the real deal!! The frozen drinks are overrated to me.
this is the most horrible bar ever,on  Fat Tuesday  they actually wanted to charge for beads,are you kidding me, we spent a lot of money for  those drinks and we were given nothing but attitude ,bad service! never do my friends and I want to there again!
such a horrible place!
This place has good and very strong drinks (which I love).  I use my refillable cup as often as possible.   As for the clientele it varies.  We are never put off by any crowd.  

The floors and bathrooms are gross it's true but I'm not here for that.   My only suggestion would be the ladies room attendants should be more friendly. Remember your here to drink not anything else.  

Please mop the floors more often or better.
Definitely made a mistake going here. Not only does your picture get taken at the door (sketchy much?) but the space is weirdly laid out with not enough seating and zero atmosphere. Overall, just a creepy gross unclean vibe. Will not be going back.
ok this place basically sucks and i personally avoid it like its the plague.
Ok so this is the only review you need to read.  

If you don't know what you're getting yourself into when you get to this place then it's not for you.  It is a different kind of bar and draws all sorts of people, so if you're just looking for a fun stop and a frozen drink, go for the gold.  It is not high class, and doesn't want to be.  It's in the middle of South St, and represents it well.  I strongly suggest going during their 1/2 off drink specials.  Good times if you just want to go for something different, there are beer specials everywhere, but you go to this place for their wide variety of frozen drinks.  And make sure to smile at the camera when the bouncer checks your ID.
My first time at Fat Tuesday! The drinks are very delicious and strong! I freaking love it here and I'm definitely stopping by the next time I'm in Philly.
Me and fiancé went on a Saturday afternoon. Sat at the bar and ordered some drinks. The bartender was cool and friendly. The place was empty at first but after about an hour or two, the place was filling up. The drinks were amazing. I had the 190 octane, the eye candy, and the swampwater (my favorite). My fiancé had the creamsicle and the Cat 5. We also ordered some fries and they were very good. I would definitely recommend this place and I'll definitely be back soon.
Don't even even bother crossing the threshold of this terrible place.  They have ridiculous rules of what you can bring into this place.  I had just bought a bag of candy down the street from a lady who was raising money for a local charity and wanted to stop in for a daiquiri while my friends were finishing their Steaks from Jim's on South.   I was told by the bouncer I could not come in with the bag of candy.  My only option was to throw it away and then the guy at the door decided he was the ethics police and thought I needed a lecture on the plight of the homeless in the city and I should have donated them instead of throwing them away.  Last I checked there was no donation box by the door.  He would not let it go and kept questioning why I threw it away and I asked him why I couldn't bring in a bad of peanut M&Ms.  His response was that was the owners rule and that I was a terrible person for throwing the candy away.  Get your own house in order before deciding that you have some moral high ground because you get to stand by a door and check IDs for a living.  Instead of arguing with him I left and had the entire group of 20 people that were about to follow me in go down the street.  Too bad for this place that could have probably used the cash flow from a good group of people looking to have a little fun on South St.  It was bag of Peanut M&Ms not a concealed weapon.  I can totally understand the poor ratings for this place. Take a pass on Fat Tuesday's if you have a contraband of candy.  Apparently Philadelphia's homeless need more sugar in their diet and Fat Tuesday's bouncer is paying for the dentist.
Hmm... Fat Tuesday. Where do I begin describing such an utter catastrophe of a bar? Let us begin.

The bar is known for it's slushee-style drinks, which range from approximately $9 to $10. These slushees have the same amount of alcohol as the slushees you buy in the movie theater and are filled with sugar. Save your money.

Fat Tuesday doesn't allow music recommendations. Meh, fine. I understand. But, despite being a 21+ establishment, often the DJ exclusively plays CLEAN tracks all night. Ruins the song and vibe. Wack.

You can't open a tab. The line that you wait in for food/drinks reminds me of the one you wait in for McDonalds. Slow, rude service, and a complete lack of organization. The servers are often nice. But no tabs cause the line to be slow because the server has to constantly keep running a card and the customer has to sign a new receipt each time they buy a drink. Jfc.

The owners of this place clearly don't know how to run a bar or they just don't trust their customers to have a good time. This bar has potential - it really does. But, there are some glaring business practices here that make my head twirl. 

My advice: go somewhere else for the night. There are plenty of better establishments on South Street and you get to save $5 from the cover charge. Or, go see this place for yourself. Do what I did: spend 45 minutes there with your friends and talk about how horrible this place is for the rest of the night. It's a good conversation topic.
Nice selection of flavors available. The drinks aren't weak at all but still taste good. Service was quick and pleasant. Nice spot to pick up some drinks especially during the warmer months to cool off!
Any time I come to Philadelphia. I have to stop here.  This location is actually one of my favorite ones of the various locations I've been to. 

This time was slightly different . 

Well for starters I went on a Friday and the music was horrendous. -- They said they DJ was on a recess and wouldn't be returning until that Monday. Which was interesting. 

On top of that the service was extremely poor this evening. The servers were not tending to the tables. I had to order my food from the table.  I specifically told the server that I wanted to order an order of fries without cheese or anything because I was a vegan she told me okay.  She then proceeded to bring me the fries but they had cheese spilled all over them. 

She argued with me that I didn't tell her to add the cheese on to them.  When I can certainly guarantee that I did ask her that.  She said she'd let me know what it is a manager could do to accommodate me on this. I was later told that they don't take things back.  

For me this was baffling.  In this day that a restaurant would not offer to meet the needs of a consumer especially as it relates to dietary restrictions.  

This review is generous and solely based off of the experience of the drinks.  

I'd still recommend going. This just really gave me a bad taste for them.
2 stars for customer service onlwhich was seemingly decent. 

I had not 1 but 2 weak drinks! The drinks are to go only so you can't be inside with your drinks.

I want to start off by saying I felt ripped off. A cheap styrofoam cup with a weak drink just makes it even worse. All they had were daiquiris and nothing else from the drink menu was available. I had an entire 16oz drink and didn't even feel the slightest bit of a buzz. My picture of a Fat Tuesday drink was not Instagram worthy. 

Such a disappointment! I won't be coming back here until they fully open.
Do not come here. Locals only. They will make
You feel uncomfortable. And pretty much as nicely as possible "ask you to leave". I say I wait till the gentrification is complete. Then Maybe try this place.
Went with a group because we wanted frozen drinks. I ordered the mango and a friend ordered the banana. Tasted like just syrup. Ordered the large that suppose to have Bacardi 151. I felt nothing but sugared up. The banana one just tasted terrible. There are many other options on the strip to try.
I basically only like to go here for their 190 Octanes. Other than that there always seems to be people who don't know how to act and fights break out.
Horrible customer service was greeted by a woman with braids, grey tank top, and an eagles mask on. No eye contact,  and she was texting the whole time only looking at me twice, and that was because I was annoying her with questions as to what was in the drinks, since I am allergic to some ingredients. We will never return!
Despite the place being empty (it was a rainy Tuesday afternoon) we had a blast. This is a huge open space and it looks like there is a patio area during warmer times.  The bartender was great, plus the drinks were cold and strong.  I am sure this place is just as exciting as other locations later in the day.  They had some pretty good happy hour specials throughout the week.  I enjoyed the like tine we were there, but we had a bus to catch and cheesesteak to pick up.  I was able to rinse out my cup and take it with me as a souvenir.  Im happy to know I can get slushy and sloshy right in Philly when I have a little extra time.
Great music and drinks. A friend bought me here while visiting Philly. The places reminded me of another popular facility in the south. The establishment closes at 2am. Plenty of tables and chair if you want to sit down and have a conversation instead of dancing. The music isn't too loud.
I mean it's okay. I've only ever had the drinks- they're fine.

I tried the coconut and fruity one- sorry I can't recall the name. It was okay. I didn't really taste any alcohol but maybe that's the point. I tried a mixture of blue and red at the AC location and it made me sick. I don't know if it was the alcohol or the combo of different ingredients but it made me dry heave. I'm leaning towards the mixture of ingredients though because I wasn't very drunk. Kind of a disappointment.

I think this specific location is kind of dirty and doesn't have a lot of seating. Maybe that's because they want you to dance and have a good time- but when I was there it was just super loud music, the lights on, and everyone standing around. I felt rather awkward there myself. Also- I think the drinks are way too expensive. I'd rather see a bartender make my drink in front of me instead of pull it from a spinning machine. 

Also their security is a little ridiculous. I had to show my ID twice before getting in the damn door. I mean I know I look young but have one person checking IDs at the door and the other giving you a bracelet so i don't need to show it again.
Do you like slurpees? Do you like getting *$%#ed up?

If you're making your way down South Street looking to get completely wrecked, Fat Tuesday could be your new best friend!

It's one of those places with so much space potential - and no organization to make use of it. Limited tables. Limited menu. Limited drink options. 
But if you like the idea of drinking a few mango flavored slurpees that'll put you a few sheets in the wind? Yes. This place is for you.

Props to the bespectacled bartender who made instant eye contact and took my drink order after waiting at the table for imaginary waitress to come back to the table I met up with friends at.

I didn't even try to let this place pass the bathroom test. This place is a frat-warehouse.


Stop here on a hot summer's eve in the earlier hours of the night to avoid the cover and enjoy one boozey slurpee -- then make your way to bigger & better things!
As part of our bike pedaling tour, this spot was actually recommended by our guides. When we first walked in (which took a bit because we were confused with the layout of the bar and how the entry/exit doors were labeled) we thought that our guides had made a mistake. It was completely empty, the bar had super low energy, and so we went to Reef, a couple doors down. 

After we got drinks from Reef, we decided to give Fat Tuesday another try since we had some time to kill (5 minutes) before returning to our bike. It was still empty,  so my group of 6 sat at the bar and ordered shots. They weren't bad, but also weren't out-of-this-world. A 3-star "OK" review is pretty much exactly how I'd describe our experience.
I like the concept of Fat Tuesday and their many different frozen drink options. I feel like this location could use a few improvements. The floor was extremely sticky and my feet stuck to the floor while walking to the bar to place my drink order. I think they could stand to add a few more high top tables as there were very few open seats when I went on a Sunday afternoon and it really wasn't that busy. Service was fine and my drink was good, however the  lack of cleanliness took away a few stars in my rating.
I didn't like it here at all. There's not many good things I can say about Fat Tuesday's. It's overpriced and they charged a $5 cover charge to get in. 

It's located on South Street near 5th Street. I would suggest taking an Uber here unless you're very patient or get here early in the day because free parking is all but impossible to find late night. There's a parking lot across the street, on the other side of the buildings but charges $20 for two hours to park. I wouldn't suggest even taking a chance to park somewhere on or around South Street because they were constantly writing parking tickets and towing cars.

Upon entering Fat Tuesday's, there were people gathered outside and there was a strong presence of weed as I walked in. I paid a $5 cover charge and entered. There wasn't a whole lot going on here. A lot of people sitting and standing around conversing with their friends. It's a big open room with TVs around the room on the walls with basketball on. I most likely won't be back.
