There's an inherent perkiness to restaurant language, a codified set of terms both restauranteurs and diners mostly adhere to. "Fine" means the food is disappointing. "Cozy" eateries are code for tables so near each other you might find a dollar bill stuffed in your waistline after squeezing between them. Persistently being asked if everything's all right or if you need anything else means "Are you going to leave soon? I'd like that. Yeah, you should totes leave soon." I think our server here wanted us to leave soon.

Finn McCool's is a chain and the food tastes like it. The cheese on the nachos tasted like it came from a pump and the chicken from a microwave, for example. Yeah, it's only bar food but that doesn't mean you have to build your menu around what your frozen food distributer has in their warehouse icebox. 

The bar aspect of it might be fun. Or it might just be fine.
We were heading back to the Patco, looking for a place to grab a bite around 4 in the afternoon on a Saturday. Neither of us had been to this bar so of course we had to check it out. 

The main floor was slammed. The host said he could bring us upstairs, it was a little quieter. That sounds great! Up we went. Once you hit the steps the heat hit us. There were a handful of people at the bar, maybe one table sat. We got to sit at the bar top table by the window. 

The bartender came over (wearing what looked like boyshorts..) but was friendly. She might have judged us a bit when asked if we were bar hopping and said no, we just came from the Flower Show (which was amazing, by the way).

We asked what beers were on tap and she told us beers on tap are downstairs and then just stared at us. He got a bottled yuengling and a miller lite for me, or something in that realm. We decided to order the chicken nachos and they were awesome. Loved everything about them, properly distributed toppings, and plenty of grilled chicken. Delicious.

Then a herd of college kids came in and around 5pm it turned into a club. The volume was so loud it became unpleasant. I'm not an old fuddy-duddy, but come on. The decor over the fireplace reminded me of being in a frat house. 

Beer upstairs, eh. Music, eh. Chicken nachos, tasty as hell.
Such a friendly place and an interesting group of people. It is a local bar and beings as though it is in the gayborhood, you can expect to see some older queens in here who love their drinking. 
The mayor is one of my favorite regulars. 

Right now it's currently undergoing a redesign and I can't wait until it opens up again.  That will be an event!
Important preface to any club type place I review... I don't like clubs.  Or bars. Or social situations at all.  Ok, that might be an exaggeration, but if you like crowded, loud places where you have to take out equity on your home to afford to get drunk... well, then you probably won't get much use from my reviews.
 

So Prime is a new 'lounge'.  And had a promotion where they would offer free drinks from 9-11 for a $5 cover fee.  So a friend of mine signed us up online.  That means, when we were there, we were on, "The List" (quotations and capitalization added for emphasis).  Of course, I was on the list with my first and last names mixed up,  but no matter.

Headed upstairs to find... a long thin room.  You might think, hey, a bar is a long thin device... it should fit, right?  It does, with just enough room to pass by next to the windows.  So to use up this 'extra' space that someone might use to 'walk' in the 'lounge', they stuck a long bench along the window.  This merges the convenient social atmosphere of a bus stop with the calisthenic side to side motion you have to engage in as anyone who wants to get a drink at the bar sticks their ass in your face.  As for walking from one end of the bar to the other... you can't.

Our free drinks turned out to be free vodka drinks... that may have been mentioned on the website; I assume so.  And, while we were there, we were informed that the bartender was asked to slow down, because he was being 'too efficient'.  Turns out that was probably because they were running out of vodka, because the free drinks stopped before 10PM.  So, we decided to leave this lounge, offended by the misnomer, for there was nowhere that I saw that I could lounge effectively.

I hate to be entirely negative.  So, was there anything good? Well the crowd was eclectic and multicultural, which I always appreciate.  Also, my friend Natalie almost saw this one woman's boob.  But mostly, it's that it only cost me $5 to learn that I never want to go back there.

Ok, well, coming on here to find out what this place was to review it, I realized it's just part of a bigger place.  A bigger place with a funky Irish name and a pub atmosphere.  And I like funky Irish names and pub atmospheres, so maybe at some point I'll give the first floor another chance, but I didn't see the first floor the first time, I can only go on what I saw, so that's the review you get.  Take it as you will.
This place is right next to Tinsel and we needed to soak up the liquor! The service was really nice and they had outside heater lamps during the pandemic.

Honestly, my Shepard's pie was liquified mashed potatoes with grounded meat and veggies. It wasn't baked well. I ate a quarter of the meal. We also had a shot that was cool.

Hmm, it was an available place to grab some food and go.
I apparently went to Finn McCool's without even knowing it on Friday. As Chrissy R. said they were being redesigned recently. Not only is the redesign complete, but they added on a brand new second floor lounge called Prime. It wasn't the kind of place I'd usually go to, but My cousin was heading down for his birthday, and I'd go to a lot worse for him.

The first floor is the same off Irish pub with colorful locals, and the second floor is a more swankier offering for dancing and drinks. I'd probably give both a middle ground review if they stood alone. but the fact that you can go from one extreme to the other in the same place makes it a pretty good deal.

My only complaint would be the inconsistency of the music. Aside from a few good songs from the likes of Madonna and Rancid (yeah in the same place), I had the benefit of remembering some unwanted tunes like "867-5309". A memo to DJ's everywhere - playing songs by Vanilla Ice and New Kids On The Block in the year 2008 is a bad decision!

But aside from the music the service was pretty good. And the Drink prices where pretty reasonable. so overall the good about here outweighs the bad.
Nice atmosphere, the Cheesesteak spring rolls called "Philly Rolls" are delicious. They had a large beer selection and the waitress/bartender was very attentive. 

Would I go again? Yes if I lived nearby.
It had been so long since I'd been to Finn McCool's that they had completely renovated  and even moved the bar, so it was like visiting a whole new place when we stopped in for the Philly:The Game scavenger hunt "After party" last weekend. I really like the downstairs. the upstairs is a little cold and impersonal for me, but is definitely modern. The bathrooms are completely dangerous when you've been drinking for 8 hours-- red lights and a mini-step and darkness in the stalls...oh my!

Finn's gets 3 stars for these 8 wonderful words: $3 stella drafts during happy hour on saturdays! Yay! (keep in mind that i don't know when they'll change it up again)
Second stop on a Sips night bar crawl.  The waitress was friendly, they had a decent draft list, the Phillies were playing, all in all a good time.  Worth checking out if you are wandering around the area and everything else is crowded.
Finn MacCool's suffers from a cripplingly weird vibe.  In other words, this bar sucks.  They do serve up a mighty strong, mighty large long island iced tea for $7.  However, when I walked in with my friend on Friday night, every single person sitting at or standing behind the bar turned to stare at us -- and proceeded to do so for practically 30 seconds.  Um, what the hell?  Is it not normal to be black or something?  

Besides that bizarre inspection, the music was pitiful top 40 being blasted over a pitiful section of tables and a barren dance area.  For some reason, the ceiling in the back of the place is very high, which is disconcerting in a small, dark space.  No decor to speak of.  Some places pull off being no-frills without excessive wacknesss.  Finn MacCool's, which misspells its own name on its building, is not one of those places.

The bouncer is cool, and the long island had me on my ass, but trust me: if you take your friends here for anything other than cheap drinks before really hitting the town, they should smack you upside your head.
I hate to give bad reviews but this was pretty awful. My husband and I came in here Because we wanted to eat outside and basically everything else in the area was an hour wait. I should've thought that through, because now looking back I can see why they were plenty of tables at Finn McCools. 

It took forever and a day to be acknowledged by a waitress. In fact I had to get up off the picnic table outside and walk inside and ask for a waitress. They seem to be shortstaffed and when the waitress finally came over she immediately started by complaining about how busy she was. 

Well hello to you too.  

We ordered our drinks and I ordered a draught lager beer. After what felt like an eternity she brought our drinks and I could tell in the first sip I was given an IPA. A few minutes goes by and I finally managed to flag her over and tell her it's the wrong beer which of course she insists it's not. Being someone who hates the hoppy taste of IPA I am 100% certain this is not a lager. 

Regardless she finally takes our order and when the food comes I have to say it was about three steps below TGI Fridays. Which goes without saying, is pretty bad. 

Needless to say I would rather wait an hour for good food then eat here ever again.
Located in the corner of 12th and Sansom, it was convenient for an evening stop near our hotel.  

This place was quite busy with happy customers all around.  Luckily we were able to find a table. Even with a crowd, our waitress gave us great service with a smile.  She frequently checked on us! 

I decided to try their Cheesesteak of course.  I was in Philly after all.  The meat was chopped and packed into the hoagie roll.  It was filled with flavor and delicious.  We also spilt the nachos for an appetizer.  Huge!  They were good.  It was not to long after receiving the nachos that our sandwiches came out.  There was no way to finish everything.  But I did enjoy my meal.  

With great service and good food, I was happy about our choice to stop in this pub.
I will start by mentioning that I have been on vacation for a week and continue to jot down every place that I venture in order to yelp them at a latter time, however Finn McCools deserves an immediate Yelp! I will follow by saying that if I had Yelped this place I would not have went and that would not have only been a bummer but a travesty perhaps.
When my cousin and I walked in we went for one beer and one beer only but ended up staying for a total of three rounds.
Teddy (part owner?) had many local beers on tap and I tried the Victory Golden Monkey (9ish% alc. by vol.) which was amazing and a tad bit sweet.  My cousin had another local beer that he enjoyed as well (don't remember the name).  While drinking those beers and talking to Patrick the Chef who was hanging out behind the bar we started talking shots and the chef offered to buy us a round:)  After a shot of whiskey with him we decided to order another round; my cousin opted for another beer and I opted for a specialty cocktail called "the dark side".  I thought the drink would be a bit too sweet for my taste as I am a whiskey up kind of girl so he modified it into a beautiful masterpiece... 
The guys working tonight were amazing and this is the first buzz I have enjoyed in over a week.  The atmosphere is laid back and eventually got a bit busy.  I was pleasantly surprised at how nice both Patrick and Teddy were to a couple of out of towners.
I know for a fact that if I had multiple days left here in Philly I probably would not venture to another bar as they have me hooked!
Thank you so much to Finn McCools for making me feel at home while being all the way across the country
I have a memory of being in this place about twenty years ago, and it looking very different back then.  I don't remember if it was McCool's or another name, but for sure it was a much darker and dingier dive in those days.  Today, there are large windows along the back wall letting in some light, and the bar has been moved to the inner wall to permit that to happen.  The place still has that old pub feel, all dark woods and lots of draft beer handles and liquor bottles on the back bar shelves.  

Yes. Plenty of choices, and a decent menu, too.  When I stopped in around 1 for lunch before a meeting a few blocks away, there was only one other guy at the bar, and one table occupied.  Those people were gone before I finished, leaving me to have a good conversation with Heather, the bartender.  This is one of the benefits of late lunches. Miss the happy hour, but befriend the bartenders, and ask lots of questions. 

Very cool that she has been there 13 years, joining the crew shortly after the old place was purchased by the current owners who made all the structure changes seen today.  Turns out the hosts are Greek and do a very good take on the tavern comfort foods coming out of the basement kitchen.  I'm told the new dumbwaiter was installed fairly recently, saving a load of stair climbing to serve customers.  

I had a Summer Love draft and the house Macaroni and Cheese for a light meal.  The former was cool, mildly complex and easy going down, and the later, hot, cheesy and served in the same crockery as the French Onion Soup.  Although an app, it filled me amply, and left room for a coffee stop on my way to the meeting on Market St.  

I was very happy with my short sojourn at McCool's.  In its quiet unassuming way, it is a nice haven from the street hustle, and in a similar vein, a pleasant alternative to the louder vanity stops that abound in Center City.  

The reincarnation has gone very well.
I stopped in to Finn McCool's last night with two girlfriends for Center City Sips (for those who are Yelping from a cave, CC Sips is a special Wednesday night happy hour from 5-7, during which participating bar/restaurants offer $3 select beers, $4 select wines, $5 select cocktails and various food specials).

When we walked in, it was pretty packed. I didn't care about sitting, but my friend was starving, so we asked for a table. The server said they may have some room upstairs, and pointed us in the direction of a very nice gentleman who offered to lead us to a table. We went upstairs and actually preferred the atmosphere of the bar over a table, so he made sure to grab some extra chairs so we could be seated. Very accommodating. 

We started off with a round of blueberry margaritas. It sounded intriguing enough, but for me, a former bartender of 6 years, it fell a little flat. It was a little overly sweet and reeked of super cheap tequila and ::gag:: triple sec. The other ladies like it though, so it's probably just another case of me being a drink snob.

Anyway, we ordered, by the bartender's recommendation, Ahi Tuna Nachos and Cheesesteak Spring Rolls. The Ahi Tuna Nachos were pretty good. The tuna was a tad overcooked for my tastes, and maybe a little too heavy on the soy sauce (I drank a whole glass of water in .5 seconds after eating). However, the little diced veggies on top along with the wasabi mayo added a nice freshness, and I enjoyed the use of wonton to make the "nachos". The Cheesesteak Spring Rolls were exactly as I expected them to be. They were certainly tatsy, but not special either. The menu describes them as being served with a "spicy aioli". When it comes out, it's actually cheese and sriracha swirled on the plate like chocolate sauce on your Applebee's dessert. Don't get me wrong, I liked the addition of the sriracha very much. I just think it could have been a little more accurately described on the menu and more creatively presented.

All in all, I think this place has a friendly, accommodating staff, but could use a little help when it comes to executing their dishes as well as their drinks.
My boyfriend and I went for dinner. We sat down at a hightop. We waited....and waited....and waited....and left.
Me and a buddy were just looking for a place to drink and chill. This place provided great service and a relaxed atmosphere. It was so laid back we went again the next day. Needless to say I would highly recommend going to this place.
Best bartender I've had in many years. Came here just walking past. Kyle was amazing! Check this place out and ask for Kyle.
I was on my way to Barbuzzo when I realized it was closed for Memorial day, and ended up checking this place out.  I started with a beer, but after chatting with the bartender about my Sangria craving - he whipped my friend and I up a batch, complete with muddled fruit!  

The place was pretty dead since it was a Monday night, but the people that were there were friendly, the bartender was awesome, and they had a great jukebox selection.  I will definitely be back!
Stopped in for the first time yesterday while on my lunch break in search of a place to watch (and hear!) the Phillies day game.  Pleasantly surprised to see the two bar TVs had the game audio.  The French onion soup was huge, had a sh-t ton of provolone and a lot of onions.  I devoured it.  Not the best I've ever had, but it was good, and probably the largest/cheesiest. Britany behind the bar was friendly and re-filled my iced tea (not from Long Island - damn you, responsibility!) a number of times.  The three bean soup, which I stole a couple bites of, was also damn tasty.  The happy hour specials seem decent.  The place was pretty immaculate.
I don't understand the low rating. I'm my experience, this place was great! I stopped in alone on a Monday night for a beer and a French Dip. The bearded, adorable bartender was super attentive and sweet. He told me all the specials and offered to let me sample the draft before I committed. He made nice conversation and made me feel welcome. Generally, going somewhere alone is awkward... It was not here. The place isn't very big but the service will keep me coming back.
I went to this place after class, so around 5-6pm.  The place was dead.  Not a lot of people hanging out, or it just might be because it was a weekday.  

The food was not that great, eatable.  I ordered Fish & Chips and the fish was soaked with oil.  Fries were cold.  Great beer selection, although the price after happy hour could be a bit expensive.  Great service.
Went here once for Prime Lounge. It was a very small room but they had a decent bar, DJ playing and tables for you to sit and order a drink. They had $3 Malibu Bay Breezes as their special that night and it was well made. There was no cover, I don't think there usually is any.
Place started to pick up around midnight and my girls and I were dancing our butts off even though no one else really was (you gotta make your own fun, right?). A guy ended up buying us a round of shots which were pretty good. All in all a fun place to hang out with a small group of people, nothing crazy like a club or lounge. You can get up a dance if you wanna, you can sit and chill if you wanna.
finn mccool is a regular HH spot of mine.  i like coming here but oddly, it's usually never my first choice to come here lol  i think about it every time finn mccool comes up in conversation but can't quite figure out the disconnect between me and the bar.

first, if you haven't been here for HH, this is definitely a good spot to start off the early evening.  drinks are reasonably priced and a great selection of munchies.  our all time favorite is the philly cheesesteak spring rolls, so good and crispy every time!  recently, we also tried the wings.  idk if it's ok to say this but i might prefer these over the Moriarty ones!  so food has been solid and i've heard good things about the other items on the menu too.  ie: looking at their tacos would just made me drool.

so how can you get a good experience at finn mccool? i think for finn's, it's best to chill by the bar.  getting a table is fine if you have a bunch of people but for whatever reason, i just don't feel comfortable sitting at one of the tables.. maybe it's the tight space and close quarters.. neighbors are a little too close.. the chairs are bulky? it's an obstacle sometimes just to get up for the bathroom.

so i could see why some people's experience were meh but give it another shot if you're a regular bar crawler.  the HH deal is not bad for the city.
Stumbled in here one Sunday summer afternoon when we drove in for a friend's birthday party at Lolita's (which I recommend).  It was POURING and we were early so thought, let's go get a pint!  Loved it - great service, decent selection of beers...someone said it's a great place to take things easy and I definitely agree.  We stored our six packs under our bar stools (the restaurant we were going to is a BYO) and everyone laughed at us.
People don't realize that this place has really great food! They actually just changed Chef and it really amazes me that an Irish pub would have the most delicious mussels, fish of the day over rice pilaf or the vegetarian dish which just makes me come back for more! 

I live in the area and as surrounded as I am by the best restaurants in the city, my go to place is Finn's .. They are a family owned place and they are just fantastic! 

Oh yes and the fries.... well just out of this world!
Came here for St. Patrick's day knowing what to expect but it was still terrible. Over crowded and short staffed! The interior just seemed like another irish pub/ dive bar. The lady who took our drink order was really sweet and made an effort to be attentive despite the chaos.
The service was pretty good, but I didn't actually eat anything here... there wasn't really anything on the menu that really stuck out to me. 

The only question is why this place is considered a sports bar.  Seems like a plain old bar to me... nothing particularly sporty about it.
A group of friends and I ended up here after the Philadelphia Marathon in November.  Everywhere else we wanted to go was closed on a Sunday, so we meandered into Finn McCool's.

I'm sure this is a decent place if you just want a hang out with a beer and watch football on TV.  But DO NOT order food here.  It took over an hour to get our food, and it was terrible.  I ordered fish and chips, standard pub fair, and it came out cold, with soggy, limp fries on the side.  Everything tasted like it was frozen and microwaved.  My friend found a hair in her salad.  FAIL.
Stopped in the other night to kill some time before the YE event down the street. This is a nice spot for a quick drink and their list of beers on tap is pretty good. The place is small and I only glanced at the menu - but it looked pretty limited.

Seems like a place for a quick drink on the way to another place. Nothing really special except for the corner location. the bartender was nice and a good talker, which I like, so I will give the place 3 stars.
This is a cool concept, a modern irish bar, it's a bit to bourgeois in a NOT good way.

The beer selection was ok, definitely better in the city, probably not going back, sorry Finn McCool's, you weren't cool enough, oh snap...
I was in Finn McCool's on friday night. The place was jumping. They have apparently hired a new chef and the food was amazing. Try the ahi nachos. After having some food and a few choice beers from their diverse selection my friends and i headed upstairs to PRIME LOUNGE. The swanky lounge above the good ole traditional Irish bar was obviously the place to be. The dj was spinning and the place was packed full of girls dancing. They had a nice size vip area with reasonable bottle prices. I know where i am going to be next weekend!
Never been here before--just stopped by for a beer and a bite before heading to airport back home to Arizona. Good and  Interesting selection  of beers and got a great dinner --wild mushroom risotto with line caught dover sole with caper cream sauce and shallots.  Truly delicious and only $12 ! Bonnie, my bartender, was lovely,  charming and attentive.  My water glass was never empty. This was a great finale to my 9 day vacation in Pensylvania!
wandering from the Independence Hall area back to Rittenhouse Square, the bf and I came upon Finn McCool's.....  name sounded like a pub and/or hole-in-the -wall we usually like.

the blonde female bartender was polite enough.  we ordered our typical Go-To shots.  Orange bombs.  Of course, I had to explain it to her as this is largely a west coast drink.  Equal parts vodka, orange juice and sprite.

what she proceeded to put down in front of mii was The SMALLEST SHOT I HAVE EVER SEEN.  it was exactly one ounce.  1/3 equal parts as ordered.

I understand pour cost and control.  but when you charge for ONE OUNCE of alcohol, your patrons should get ONE OUNCE of ALCOHOL. not 1/3 of one ounce.  I feel robbed.

we paid our tab and got the heck out of that place.  the next bar poured normal sized shots and we stayed for THREE more..... do the math McCool's- you lost $50 in biz from ONE underpour.
I recently went here for a bar crawl.  The bar crawl made the place pretty hectic but I think on a regular night it would be a good place to sit down and have a drink with friends. I didn't recognize some of the music they played and it is not a dancing kind of bar.  I loved the apple shot they have here.  It didn't taste like alcohol and was so easy to drink.
Went here after a concert. Place was dead, but I prefer it that way!
Great beers on tap, mostly local at that
Located in the bar district in PHL
Have a pint there for me!
While wandering to find a spot yesterday afternoon for some yummy eats prior to going to the Phillies game we came upon this place just prior to Happy Hour. Enjoying a good deal as much as the next couple, we checked out a couple of other places in the same block and settled on this one due to its menu. 

Made the right choice for sure, after ordering and splitting, the turkey club, a glass of wine, and a 16oz glass of Jack's Abby Saxony Lager. 

The service was very prompt, with no issue us asking to share, (we have had issues with some places wanting to charge more to share, what is that about) the beverages very tasty and the ice water with lemon very cold with lots of ice and nice fresh lemon. The turkey club was well executed, although we wonder all the time why they pile all the protein up in the middle of the bread to make it look like you are getting an enormous amount of meat. Just spread it out evenly over the piece of bread so it doesn't get pushed out and makes it easier to eat. The fries were perfectly cooked and piping hot. 

The food comes up from the kitchen in a dumbwaiter which is novel for us and a cool feature. We enjoyed the meal and beverages so much we went back today and had lunch again. This time no Happy Hour, we had the beef dip and the same beverages. The lunch came up on separate plates for us which was a nice touch. 

The food today wasn't up to the caliber of yesterday with the fries a little well done, but the lovely K loves them that way. She ate the fries on my plate, and me, her fries. There could have been more beef on the bread and we found the dip bowls a little small in diameter, and not nearly enough. 

Yesterday's bill with a tip of over 20% was $25 and today $30, so good value in our mind for excellent fare. If today's food would have been on par with yesterday's we would have happily provided all five stars. 

Do yourselves a favour, check this place out!

Cheers
We stumbled across this place after our original plans fell through. For a bar, the food was way better than expected. The fact that they have a kale salad- made my night. Paired with a glass of cab (which wasn't bad for a sports bar either) it was perfect. Came here on a Friday night after work so we were pretty tired. The atmosphere would have been just my style had I not had to get up at 3am the next morning. We also got a hamburger (I think it we the basic one?) added avocado- it was delish. Exactly what I wanted after a long work day.
My fiance and I had just gotten engaged on Saturday night, and he had our family and friends waiting for us upstairs at Finn McCool's to celebrate afterwards. It all started out great! The bartender and the service was awesome, and there was plenty of room for our party of 40 or so.

Throughout the night, a few of us had asked the DJ to play some Irish music. It was the day before the St. Patrick's Day parade and Finn McCool's is an Irish bar so we didn't think it would be a problem. It was. The DJ said he had played a few Irish songs and no one was dancing. After a little bit of back and forth about it, my fiance and I chose to walk away from the situation. The DJ then followed him and continued to get in his face. At that point, we decided it would be best for us all to leave. 

I feel bad for the servers and the bartender who were great, but this guy was completely unprofessional. I will never go here again.
Two words: The Boot

Greg was deliriously happy to be able to drink from the Boot ala "Beer Fest".  $9 to fill it up (server said it was equivalent to 2.5-3 beers), and they hold a credit card (since the glass itself is so expensive).  Totally worth it.

We caught the last overtime and the penalty kicks for the Ghana/Uruguay World Cup quarterfinal, and it was great. Servers were completely chill with the fact that patrons had switched to water or were nursing their beers because they were so into the game.  Vibe changed a little after the game, but was still fine for a beer.
This is a pleasant, very neat ale house.  My pulled-pork with BBQ sauce sandwich was excellent, and the French-Frieds accompanying it were very good.  Also, there were about a dozen beers on tap, and the Magic 4 I selected was first rate.  My companion had a burger which was rated very good.

The server was pleasant and efficient, and we will be coming back here again.
I go to bars to eat all the time. Its as simple as this...Go get a shepherd's pie from "Fergies" or some other local pub and then go have one at Finn McCool's. I've had a server there offer me escargot. I'm not sure if everything fits the whole Irish theme, and i think maybe the layout creates some problems, but the food is far beyond your average pub and the taps are nice. I happen to be in the food service industry and i can't help but root for these guys and their progressive approach to pub grub.
I will cut these folks some slack because it was New Year's day, after the big mummer's parade.  The place was so jam packed that the waitress had to go outside in the cold, out the back door, and then come in the front door.  Never the  less, she was extremely attentive to rounds of drinks and dinners.  The menu is pub grub.  I had the fish and chips which were very good.  I'm giving this place a four instead of a five because the place was so loud with rap music and talking that I could not hear a word that anyone at the table said all evening.  The biggest problem was that the women's bathroom downstairs was out of order.  The one upstairs was your worst nightmare of filth.  It had no sign on the door so men kept walking in, thinking it was one of those men or women bathrooms.  That was just gross.  The door to the men's bathroom was open, and the urinals were right there in plain sight.  I suspect on any other night, with the bathroom situation taken care of, this might be a very good place.  To their credit, there was a mixture of all ages, not just drunken 20 somethings.
The food and drinks were really good.  Had two burgers, turkey club, and french dip.  And lots of apps
Relaxing atmosphere and a good place to grab a pint and a bite to to eat with a few friends
Shots, beers, dranks. Bartenders are all 6/5 stars; We have been there numerous times and the people are AMAZING. Blue Moons bigger than your head. Super cool peeps. Jams on point. Check it out if in Philly. Mellow Irish pub Vibe. Prices reasonable
A bit small not so many tables but the food is surprisingly really good I had the pear salad on special. Drinks were good to for happy hour reasonable price
Great corner bar to grab a few libations, with some fine tapped crafts for the aficionado in you to peruse. Here at Finn they will be rotating their drafts, so you're not stuck with the same selections. Who doesn't like that ? Definitely Cool, like how I tried to work that in there seeing I'm at Finn McCool's. 

Great selections to be had in the liquor department for one to indulge in. The atmosphere in here seemed pretty laid back . Somewhat of a good crowd in here enjoying a few libations, not a worry in the world. A bartender who was on the game, without missing a beat. I myself appreciate that, plus he had another pint waiting for me on the on deck circle. (Baseball term)

I haven't been upstairs nor have I tried any of their dishes they prepare. I will have to try this out on my next visit to McCool's. The menu they have does look good, they had me raise an eyebrow with some of their ideas. Hey I don't mind coming back again, when I was here it was for happy hour. Speaking of that, they have a pretty jacked up happy hour with some great deals on refreshing pints, along with mixed drinks.

Clean and friendly service, it does get a good crowd in here. Nothing but a good time to be had at Finn.
We stopped here for a drink and a quick bite while strolling through the city. 

We only ordered the fries and Cheesesteak Egg rolls and I may have had too much to drink prior :), but those egg rolls hit the spot! Cheesey, gooey, crisp shell and the dipping sauce was addicting.
Really cute little bar with good drinks! They decorate nicely for Christmas. The bartender sam was really nice and made a great Washington apple shot.
I stumbled upon this place one day after work, and never regretted it. Friendly service, neighborhood-spot type of feel. 

They have really good mozzarella sticks, and fish and chips. If you're in the mood for bar-style food. 

They also have a great French onion soup that pairs well with their Caesar salad. 

It's a good place to grab a drink after work for all of the drink champs out there!
Again, we need half stars on Yelp.

This is a pub, naturally, and it was a Monday night after a long 10-hour drive. All I wanted was a cold cider and some "pub grub". 

First of all, I did my normal check-in on Yelp and got a free shot coupon. They honoured it with no questions asked and it was a yummy apple and cranberry whiskey. 

Had a starter of Philly Spring Rolls and was very very happy with them. Local fare with a twist and just excellent.

Shared a fish and chips and just wished that people would use fresh, not frozen, fillets. Still, it was good enough.

A great spot struggling against the incomplete sidewalk fix going on outside.

Give them a try. The staff were warm and friendly. It was a great way to unwind after a long drive.
Great place to start out the night or finish up if you are in the area. Plenty of other bars in walking distance. I come here for dinner on the nights I'm going to bar hop the area. The wings are fantastic and the staff is great. The beer selection is good.
