Fitzwater Cafe on the South Philadelphia street by the same name appears to be a continental bistro style breakfast/ lunch maison with a creole flavor. In earlier incarnation it looks to have been an auto repair shop. It is a lot more gentrified today, with French, Louis XV paneled ceiling, long bar with mirrored back bar, and beautiful Provencal ceramic tile floor. The space is bright and airy with glass wall southern exposure. It is a beautiful setting for breakfast or brunch. 

We stopped in after an early morning of medical attention and on our way down to Washington Avenue for grocery shopping. We ordered their breakfast burrito and morning andouille sausage, 3 egg and swiss Sammy on torpedo roll. Coffee (hot and strong) all around. 

Both plates were enough for two meals apiece. The burrito had a great blend of meat, cheese and savory veggies. The Sammy was almost as good, but the hollowed out roll didn't have enough crunchy body to offset the oiliness of the andouille. Really needed a French rather than Italian case. 

With everything premium priced to lead to a $30 breakfast with java, it was very good, but not the perfection implied by the cost. Still, Fitzwater Cafe is a winner for this corner of the City.
Hi Yelpers,

I have two questions for you: 
1) Would you like some delicious breakfast-or brunch-or lunch?

2) Do you want to know what to eat for breakfast, like a king?


If you answered yes to either question, then don't miss Fitzwater Cafe.  A BYOB cafe that serves breakfast and lunch. 
Can't go on weekday? Try going for a weekend brunch. I went on a Sunday with my friend, Rena, and we had a fantastic experience. Our friendly server Nicole, brought us some water and complimentary cappuccino ( only during Octobor'15).Then I had the Wild Mushrooms Omelette with caramelized onion, spinach and feta cheese. It was delicious and very flavorful. Also, we both shared some thick-cut creme brûlée French toast, and I could not be more pleased.

"All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast." So, are you in?
Sincerely, 

Your Philadelphia Yelp member,
Sari A

Four Yelps
P.S: It is cash only!
I seriously contemplated not writing this review, so as to not turn any more people on to what is now my new favorite brunch spot in the city.  Thankfully I kinda like you guys, so here I go.
I stumbled upon Fitzwater Cafe whilst eating my way through my city dining card deck.  When I told my husband it was in South Philly,I was met with much opposition regarding the parking situation.  However, we were both delighted to find that Fitzwater has a parking lot!  That's worth a couple stars alone right there my friends.
Although the cafe is exceedingly small, we were thankfully seated right away by a lovely waitress.  My husband ordered some sort of breakfast sample situation, and I the breakfast burrito.  Both were simply phenomenal.
The french toast was unreal-like no french toast I have ever tasted before.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the potatoes were spot on.  My burrito was delicious...the avocado, mushrooms, sausage and everything else in there was just so fresh.
This is definitely my new hot spot for brunch in the city.  I am in love!
Best brunch in the city. Period.

How often will you hear someone say, "even the toast is delicious..."? I can't tell quite how they do it (making breakfast is something at which I'm no slouch myself). But no place embodies the principle that even the simple things can be made exquisitely well better than Fitz Cafe.

Fluffy eggs, fresh ham, gorgeously green spinach, and on and on.... Usually lots of tempting specials, too. Sparkling clean and beautifully decorated down to the posters, a la French bistro in Manhattan, Fitz Cafe's former service station interior is a bit tight on a morning after; but way less so than its Italian Market competitor - and there's a spacious counter if you aren't fixed on tables. So don't spread it around too much lest us locals can't get a seat - but this is my pick, hands down, for best brunch in Philly. Or QV, anyway.
I will eat at the Fitzwater Cafe over Sabrina's or Morning Glory any weekend morning. It is super clean with a bright decor and the food is really fresh. At those other places, the food tends to be grimy, greasy, and over priced. Here it's just a good old fashioned breakfast: eggs, bacon, and fresh fruit. 

The service is quick and very professional with a smile (another plus over "Crapina's" and "Morning Gonna-wait-til-I'm-ready-to-serve-you"). I have never waited for a table, but have seen a line form around 9:30 on a Saturday. 

I recommend the French toast with bananas and the fresh squeezed OJ.
urgent cheesecake alert. the strawberry cheesecake at fitzwater cafe will edge you directly to your personal niagra falls and keep you there long past the point of civility. whisper-thin angel tears of strawberry rest sentimentally atop the most delicious cheesecake this new yorker has ever known. have it served with perfect coffee by that shockingly hot south philly named joey who works the room in magic black pants and you will understand why i am positively cap locked, which yelp converts to lowercase, but trust me -- i'm capping off the rooftops. also comes in plain and chocolate chip. also starring: chocolate ganache bells, coconut cake, carrot cupcakes, each deserving of a yelp full court press. best cakes in philadelphia. but business seems slow. so if you want this amazing experience in your life, my direction to you: go, go, go!

important caveat: i dislike the new dinner menu intensely. eggplant skins?! this bizarre ingredient infests many entrees and anyway that's the least of it. as long as they maintain the veal parm, you're good to go. otherwise, stick with dessert and coffee, or get breakfast.

they would be well smart to get someone in there who knows how to put together a solid menu. (not to mention one with prices that more realistically reflect the quality.)
"Never Knew Parm Like This Before"

...Since you came into my life.

The year: 1980. The outfit: black dance belt, black leg warmers, white Capezios, black Le SportSac bag, and the finest tinkle of a soft, new stache. The meal: anything Parm. And the song: Stephanie Mills' "Never Knew Love Like This Before."

Once I was lost and now I am found.
When you turned my world around.
Etc.

Times have changed since my days in dance belts, but my sensibilities have stayed the same: a little jazzy, a little saucy, a touch sentimental, and a love of perfect parm.

Starting at the beginning:

Earnest welcome: check.
Cloth napkin: yes.
Sweetest waiter I've ever known: Oh, sí.
Thrilling design details like pressed tin trim along the bar: awesome!
My veal parm special: Like my 'Theatre Dance' classes of yore, it took my breath away.

Now let's talk dessert (which I believe is all homemade). Have you seen their little glass case up front? No? Then you're in for a treat. You've got your cheesecakes, teeny fruit tarts, a glossy coconut shag, and ... 

the chocolate dessert you've been hoping for but nobody makes anymore.

While the rest of the restaurant universe has abandoned chocolate in favor of architected fruity-foamy crap-storms, Fitzwater has made the world right again with the exactly perfect chocolate dessert we all used to take for granted.

Chocolate ganache covered little round chocolate cake. Decorated with a dash of milk chocolate mousse and a juicy raspberry nub. The flavors were exceptional. Elegant balance of chocolate and sweet, not too dark, light or tricky. Though maybe just a little jazzy. In other words: perfect.

Cash only
Dinner: Weds-Sat, 5pm-10 (sometimes earlier)
Breakfast: 7 days, 7am-2:30pm.
Tip them well. I insist.
Filling a void...

Fitzwater Cafe is filling a void in the Philadelphia brunch scene; one which was created by the recent departures (of Cafe Estelle and Carmen's) from the city's brunch options. 

The first thing one may notice is the lack of pretentiousness about the place. This is a cafe in a traditional sense of the word: in size, ambience, and vibe. Fitzwater is pleasantly small, which helps to make it pleasantly quiet. The staff is attentive, but one is not rushed through one's meal; and it's a great spot to sit with a coffee and book without being bothered. I also had to award points for playing 'Kind of Blue'.  Miles' opening line in 'So What' caught my ear immediately, and my short stack of blueberry pancakes tasted so much better with a little John Coletrane. We stayed well into 'Blue in Green'. Kudos. 

The food is simple, but good. The ingredients are fresh, and everything is made to order. With good site lines into the spacious and cleanly kitchen, one can feel confident about the quality of the meal. The french toast is above average, as are the pancakes. It's not as elevated as Sabrina's...but the price tag is literally half. It's also not as silly as Green Eggs.  They don't offer "Red Velvet Pancakes", thank God. Just eat a cake for breakfast if that's what you want to do...no need to mascarade a birthday cake as a savory meal. The clientele is also easier to swallow than any of the other haunts (Sabrina's, Green Eggs, Chayya). No one is trying to be hip or sexy...we just want to fortify ourselves for the day with a decent bite. 

To recap: Miles instead of club music. Simple food done well, at a good price point, non-hipster clientele, good staff. Fitzwater Cafe just quietly earned four stars from the original F.U.
For what it is, it's hard to beat this place in location, offerings and price.

Being from Jersey, I appreciate a good diner.  Hell, I feel like that diners are something that I actually know about.  While this will not be a diatribe on what a diner is and is not, one thing we can all agree on is that diners are cheap.  So is Fitzwater Cafe.

There are many breakfast establishments in Philadelphia that cater to all kinds of demanding appetites.  Fitzwater excels in its simplicity.  I was able to take my father here for a simple breakfast one day and he's been raving about it ever since.  He then took my mom here and now they both rave about it.  My parents know approximately 3 places in Philadelphia and Fitzwater Cafe is one of them.

Based on their feedback, it's hard to find that level of quality for such a good price at such an approachable place.  You can go other places for your juevos rancheros or challah bread french toast.  This is your spot when you want your basic (albeit very well prepared) breakfast foods.
Take out review: certainly deserving of high stars! But this is a limited review because we simply walked in and walked out. 

Staff was friendly on the phone to take my order but they were certainly busy!! Easy to order and was able to switch fruit out in the order instead of potatoes (although they did charge me extra for this without telling me). 

Omelettes were on par- nothing extravagant. Toppings were spinach and roasted peppers! And my gf loved the potatoes. And I must say it was the best fruit salad I have gotten at a cafe. Cantaloupe, blueberries, strawberries, and fresh banana! Totally yum. Rye toast (two pieces) can't with each omelette. 

Take out came with utensils and napkins and also little ramekin a of a pad of butter and ketchup! So nice! 

This place was fast and easy and delicious for takeout!
In my Quest to find Great brunch places to go,this was definitely one to try!
So on to Fitzwater Cafe we went. It was actually quite easy to get to, near South Philly, little pass South St area. For out of townees, they have a lot, plenty of parking around it. Right on corner of Fitzwater & 7th St(literally)
So now to the food: As you walk in greeted by smile, quaint place, counter seating or tables.In the front there are cases with decadent pastries from fruit tarts, different cakes, croissants, muffins-My, my. Can we say, Moment on the Lips,  Lifetime on the Hips!!! Why I'm at the gym 6 days a week. Yeah!!! 
Well, we determined it was good, coffee was Great!! They has savory foods  like Heuvos Rancheros to omelets, Apple Pie French Toast, we split the Creme Brulee French toast-it was huge with fresh blueberries & strawberries. Loved how they got the crust of the bread to be crunchy-with a Vanilla sauce on it. Our service was Good, coffee was refilled all the time..Would I go back???!! 
What..that's a Given...HELL YEAH!!!!   As a fellow Yelper @ Kristin W..I agree !! Whoo-hoo!!
Stopped by on a Sunday afternoon while waiting for our pup to be groomed nearby. COVID protocols were all followed and we felt very comfortable dining outside. 

I had two pieces of the creme brulee french toast and my boyfriend had the chicken parm sandwich with a side of potatoes. Everything was delicious! The french toast was really filling, so I'm glad I went with the two pieces instead of the three. 

The service was very quick, and friendly! Delicious brunch for two people that was under $25 total. You really can't beat that! We will definitely be back.

Note that they are cash only. We had it on us, so I don't know if they have an ATM or not.
You always drive passed it, but you never stopped in? Well, Stop in already!! This little cafe is focused around breakfast/brunch items. Their employees are kind, and the food was pretty satisfying! Huge portions. Also, there is about 5 parking spaces in the front of the cafe (major plus). It has a quaint, neighborhood feel. Not too big of a space, and not too small. We brought our baby and they provided a high chair. It's CASH ONLY.
Lots of good things about this place - friendly service, no wait on Sunday morning, standard brunch menu - but 1.) The spinach in my omelette was frozen.  I mean, it was hot by the time it got to me, but it had clearly come from the frozen food aisle. and 2.) The ham sucked. It was circular. You know what I mean. 

I'll give it another shot 'cause it's in my neighborhood, but I will steer clear of vegetables and meat.  The berry pancakes looked good.
this place is usually so crowded that i've never gotten to go before, a popularity like that usually ensures you're getting something good, but then again, hundreds of thousands of people voted for bush, right? well in this case, i think it may be worth it, though i would only go for three and a half stars if it were an option. we were seated at the counter and could see all of the food being made, all of which looked good, the selection struck me as small but they do cover most of the bases. i had french toast,home fries, sausage and eggs over easy, which they nailed! to be perfectly honest their french toast was one of the best ive ever had. they were a bit understaffed and though they didnt seem to struggle too much, it was a little harried. good coffee too. i would go back but i wouldnt wait in line, so i'll probably be at the royal next week.
After eating at Fitzwater Cafe for the first time this weekend, I can confidently say I've found my new brunch go-to for the Queen Village area. I know I've raved about Kennett in the past, but Fitzwater is perfect if you're craving a breakfast that's a little more traditional and super budget-friendly.

The omelets are huge. A friend and I shared the veggie omelet and subbed goat cheese for American. Excellent idea, if I do say so myself. Asking for a side order of potatoes (no charge!) made the portion sizes perfect between the two of us, and we left not too stuffed but absolutely satisfied. 

The potatoes are IT, man. Fresh, well-cooked, covered in real pieces of rosemary and garlic. They were delicious. The only thing that was lacking from my plate was adequately toasted bread. It was still soft when it reached my mouth (that's what she said!)

See you there Saturday morning, around 11? Great, it's a date.
Stopped by this spot to pick up some muffins and iced coffees.  Spot it pretty cool, definitely want to sit down to get the full experience.  Muffins were homemade and very good.  Iced coffee was good too, but they put them in hot coffee cups?  I thought they misheard me, but it was iced coffee, and it was good.

Cash only.

Here ends the reading.
I stumbled into this small, flower-covered cafe while looking for a quick lunch. 

There are only a handful of tables, so usually there is a wait to sit on the weekends. When I came for breakfast I had the best breakfast sandwich ever: a huge crispy croissant with scrambled eggs and gooey cheese. Their breakfast is exactly what you are looking for on Sunday morning: fresh squeezed juices, creative omelette's and fluffy French toast. This little cafe feels very Parisian, but offers some great Italian items too. Like their fresh ravioli's, which you can buy to take home and pretend you made.

Of course they also have great desserts like tiramisu. You can even order homemade pies during the holidays.
Average diner food. I went for breakfast with my sister.  She ordered a breakfast sandwich that she was happy with but after being told they were out of everything  bagels despite being there at 8 am. They were also out of scrapple. The omelet I order was slight over cooked and a bit dry. Too bad they put the mushrooms in with seasoning and sautéing first. The coffee  is just okay. I like strong coffee but this tasted a little bitter like reheated coffee. My toast was okay on one side but almost burnt on they other. Just not bad enough to send back.   All and all there are better breakfast places.
I've been wanting to check out the Fitzwater Cafe ever since I moved to Bella Vista 2 years ago, but just never got the chance until this past weekend. Truth be told, it wasn't exactly what I thought it was - I was thinking it would be more casual, eggs and bacon kind of place. Instead, it was a fancy brunch kinda-deal (think over the top waffles and omelets). The wait wasn't too bad, about 15 minutes - you can choose first available and risk sitting at the counter, or get one of the very few tables. I really liked the decor - simple and bright. The bill for 2 was about 25 bucks. The chocolate chip muffins are delicious - ask for yours toasted.
Having tried Fitzwater Cafe twice for brunch now, I can say that I'm a fan.  They have shorter lines than Sabrina's Cafe, and yet the food is just as delicious.  Large windows mean lots of sunlight and a nice diner style seating area.  

Their Crème Brulée French toast is to die for!  It comes with berries and a light sauce that compliments the sweetness of the crème brulée.  It's a huge portion, so this time we split it and were still very full.  

The Breakfast Burrito was also delicious, and very filling.  They were very cheesy and came with a side of potatoes.  Next time, I'd share it as just half is plenty of food.

Great service, nice sunny setting and huge portions. What's not to love?

Some tips: They only take CASH.  There's also a few parking spots for customers if you prefer to drive
I have only eaten baked goods to go and not gotten a meal here.  So this review is just of their bakery.

Really good banana muffin.  I don't usually think of banana muffins as anything special, but this one was above average.  It had a slight coffee taste to it and was not dry.

Their croissant is a whole other mess though.  A step above what you would get at a Hampton Inn free breakfast bar.  It was so bad I threw it out after three bites.  Super dry, the dough just tasted like they must have forgotten half the butter.  I should have known when the woman gave it to me with a packet of butter to go.  The best croissants should be so damn buttery inside that you don't need to put anything on them.  Disappointing for sure.  But this will not stop me from trying breakfast or lunch there perhaps some day.
Delicous breakfast burrito and creme brulee french toast!! Explosion of flavors in your mouth:) Byob so bring your bubbles if you want mimosas with your brunch!

Only reason why I didnt give it 5stars: it's cash only and this is not advertised. Once you know it, it's fine:)
I eat at Fitzwater Cafe almost every single weekend. It's one of my favorite places in Philadelphia. The service and the food are amazing. I get Italian eggs every single time I go it's my favorite thing on the menu. Their French toast is also amazing. The crunchy peach French toast is a special that I've only seen once but if you get the chance to try it PLEASE DO! It's amazing I have dreams about that French toast.
I've only been here for lunch/brunch, but both times it was good-not-great. I had the breakfast burrito the first time and a roast pork sandwich the second. As my first sentence probably communicates, neither was bad but they also didn't stand out in any way. I like the space, the menu is solid, the staff is generally friendly, and if you go with one other person there's rarely much of a wait to be seat, though that changes with larger parties. 

I like having it close to my apartment because it's proven reliable and solid, with less waiting that other South Philly brunch faves, but it has yet to prove itself a must-try for me. That said, I imagine I'll be back again sooner or later, maybe incorporating some of the tasty-looking deserts into my experience.
"Wait, isn't kind of an old people restaurant?" 
"What? Ok so it appears there are a lot of grandmothers here, but the reviews are great!"

Thankfully, we didn't let hipster snobbery get in the way. Had a fabulous brunch at this family restaurant on a recent Saturday morning after stumbling upon it during a walk around our neighborhood. There was no wait for a table for two (despite the packed house) and our waiter quickly brought over two cups of hot coffee. Definitely recommend trying any of the weekly specials -- my "caprese" omelet with plenty of fresh pesto, mozzarella and cherry tomatoes was divine. My boyfriend's special omelet with sausage, red pepper and broccoli rabe was equally good. 

Fitzwater Cafe reminds me of a beloved New Jersey diner, but plunked in the middle of Bella Vista. You've got the same quiet clientele, decor, giant gleaming dessert case, but without the hassle of RT 130. Plus, you won't have to wait an hour for a table.

I thought prices were a tad expensive, though no more than other popular brunch places in the area. It's cash only, FYI.
Went for the first time recently.  Breakfast was good, but some parts were a bit salty.  Even the cucumber and tomato were salted, which isn't to my taste.  The sweet dishes (pancakes, waffles) looked like a better choice.  Service was friendly and swift, especially considered the weekend crowd.  

The dining room  was bright and clean. The hostess seemed to know most of the people coming through the door.  Very much a neighborhood place.

Try the fresh croissants or muffins!
This place doesn't take reservations so if you plan on coming on a weekend morning I would suggest going before 11 AM. We had a party of 5 and we had to wait about 30-40 minutes, which wasn't that bad but still. Everyone at the table loved their food! Personally, I had an omelette and it was one of the best I've ever had. I also shared the creme brûlée French toast with one other person and it was soooooooo delicious. I have had sweet French toast dishes at other brunch spots and they were way too rich and heavy. This one was sweet yet still light. It was perfect. Prices were also very reasonable. They had some pastries showcased in the front counter that looked really good too. I probably would have tried one if I didn't get the French toast. Server was polite and friendly.
Breakfast was really good  had the Eggs Benedict and the andouille breakfast hash eggs were cooked perfect and food was outstanding service could be a little warmer but all in all very good and is some of the best breakfast I've had in philly
This is another place we've passed while riding our bikes. We finally tried it today with our son and his girlfriend. 

We started with coffee: salted caramel and cococcino. (Not sure if I have the coffee names correct.) the caramel was fine, but the cococcinos tasted watery with little flavor. We had expected something rich and flavorful; we were sadly mistaken. We added half and half to the mugs but still the coffee was disappointing. 

After the coffee, the meal was a surprising delight. Creme brûlée French toast was excellent, the bread light and flavorful, the custard sauce perfectly made. 

Eggs Benedict were excellent, the yolks soft and runny and the whites firm but not at all rubbery, with a smooth and creamy hollandaise. 

My husband ordered his usual eggs over easy, sausage and potatoes. After eating it he pronounced Fitzwater Cafe as his new favorite brunch place. 

I had the frittata with cheese, sausage, spinach and potatoes. The dish was very good, but it wasn't a frittata; it was a round open-faced omelet with the other items on top. Delicious, but not a frittata. 

Overall it was a very pleasant meal, and I'm sure we will return many times. 

Just, please - make the cococcinos without so much water!
"They're not a hipster brunch place, they were doing brunch before it was cool!"

The Fitzwater Cafe is a South Philly/Queen Village staple; a perennial favorite of my grandmother's. The food is good, traditional brunch fare, and the waitstaff are great... Grandma goes head over heels for Jorge. As a suburbanite, parking is really easy; as an urbanite it's not bad to get to by bike.

The place is tiny- about 10 or so tables. I usually go during the weekdays but I imagine the brunch lines on the weekends would be tough. It's now open until 3 PM (a few years ago it used to close at 2).

Grandma & I both got Eggs Benedict, which had an amazing cheddar hollandaise sauce that left me wiping up the remnants with my spare potatoes. We also got 3 English muffins instead of 2. The eggs were done just right, and the English muffin was very enabling of the rest of the dish.

I come here occasionally, but it's great to know that they have managed to keep on making consistently good food, just like they have for years.
My new favorite brunch spot in Philly!

Pros: every meal is prepared to perfection, not a long wait time, fresh-squeezed orange juice, you can bring champagne to make mimosas, private parking lot, outdoor seating, fresh pastries, and decadent coffee drinks. 

Cons: cash only (an ATM is 1.5 blocks away), and very tight/close/bunched seating.
My husband and I come here for brunch fairly regularly. Even though there are a ton of decent brunch places in our neighborhood, we can't resist jumping in the car and driving over here (added bonus is that they have a parking lot, although street parking isn't a problem). The portions are enormous and the food is delicious. I'd love to say I've tried more than one thing on the menu, but since the creme brûlée French toast is so out of this world good, I can't bring myself to order anything else. My husband gets the 'cafe breakfast,' which he loves as well. Fresh squeezed OJ. Service is always top-notch. FYI - cash only!
This really is becoming one of my favorite brunch places. I never have to wait long to get a seat, the staff is always friendly, and while the menu is not the most "original," it's a feel-good, reliable place to get brunch.
Absolutely delicious! Ordered the monte cristo with home fries on the side. It was perfect. Real fresh ham, not the gross stuff in the package. Good came out quick  and we didn't have to wait longer than 5 minutes to get sat. They have a pretty decent menu and also have fresh old school espresso. Definitely will be back if I am in the area ! Also it is cash only.
A pretty good 4 star joint. Nothing crazy on the menu.  Just a solid breakfast / brunch sport that serves good food.
Fitzwater Cafe has friendly atmosphere where you immediately get a sense that the owners value their customers. I came around 12:00 today(Sunday) and was able to get a parking spot outside in their lot and a table within 10mins. Although the menu is not extensive their food is prepared just the way you want it. I recommend the Vegetarian Sandwich(on Sarcone's Bread!) French Toast or Goat Cheese Omelet. Food came out fast as did coffee and waters.Love this spot!
I am going to round up to a 4 star review, but really this is a 3.5 star review. 

The ambiance of this place is adorable. You feel like you're eating in a quaint Parisian cafe that has been dropped into Bella Vista. The food isn't bad, but I'm not over the moon about it. The omelet option is only 2 fillings, and everything else is an upcharge. The potatoes always taste a little...underdone. Something about them is just off, and there's little to no flavor. 

The thing that I love the most about Fitzwater Cafe (other than the decor) is the warm spinach salad. I would get it every time I went there, but sometimes they do not have it. I know they get their ingredients fresh, so I'm assuming that sometimes the spinach at the market doesn't look great so they don't have that salad. Which is always a bummer when it's not available. 

Overall, my boyfriend and I frequent this place (about 2x a month) and it's good. I know he loves the Cafe breakfast, which is french toast, eggs, breakfast meat and potatoes (he also works out a LOT more than me and can afford to eat that much first thing in the morning. lol). So for that I rounded up to the 4. Once they improve their potatoes this place will sky rocket into one of my favorites.
I'm glad that Yelp has arisen as an alternative to CitySearch. I used CitySearch a lot but hated the bloated and clunky website. Still, the article on CitySearch about the best brunch places turned me onto my all time fav, Carmen's, so it can't be all bad. Fitzwater Cafe was one of the last spots on the list I had never visited.


I finally made it out here last weekend. The cafe in tucked in on the corner of 7th and Fitzwater, and has a long bar with a small dining area. The decor in this place is cute and quaint; it really looks like a cozy neighborhood spot. Rachel and I took a seat at the bar and looked over the menu.

Overall, the menu is pretty limited. It contains a few different omelets, some sweet breakfast options like pancakes and waffles, and other small items like granola and yogurt. Despite the limited menu, I ordered a veg omlet that sounded right up my alley. Rachel ordered an omelet made with pesto, and it was served up looking the part; totally green. The food came out really quickly, and we were drinking the cafe's excellent coffee while we were waiting.


The service was below average. We had empty coffee cups half the time while we were there, and I had to walk over to the waitress to pay the check. She was just talking to another customer for a long time while we were waiting. The servers seem nice, but that doesn't make up for poor service. On the up side, the food was good. The omelets come with toast and great home fries.

Bottom Line: Within a few days, I forgot that I ever stopped in here. It's nice that this place is open at 7am on the weekdays, and it would be a great place to grab a quick cheap meal during the week. But I don't live close and I won't be doing that. It's a lot like a South Philly version of Ida Mae's.
Good brunch spot in my area. Always packed though, so maybe go early if you don't want to wait. Hit or miss on the service but always solid food. Cash only, so be prepared!
Pancakes are off the chain!!! Gloria was the best! Great omelette choices for those who like omelettes. My 1st choice over other "faves" in immediate area. Bonus: There's a parking lot... a rare find in S. Philly
Great food and the wait is not as long as green eggs. More lively atmosphere and plenty of parking, which is nice in philly. OJ is a little too expensive though
Free parking, kinda small inside.  Had brunch on a Monday morning.  Breakfast/brunch was affordable.  My friends and I ordered the cafe breakfast included with 4 slices of french toast, 2 sausage patties, 2 eggs your way, and potatoes for $13.  I only finished half with 2 cups of coffee.  The menu had the usual breakfast items, nothing exciting  compared to Green Eggs Cafe or Sabrina's.   

My friend doesn't eat meats so he substituted with tuna salad and egg whites.  It was nice they compromised.  I definitely would go again.  I'm afraid of the weekend and if there is a long line.  I would come again.
After reading all the wonderful reviews about brunch, I was a little nervous about going for dinner...could Fitzwater Cafe live up to its daytime glory?  Absolutely!

I started with the Beet Salad, which had a nice portion of beets, but wasn't the most interesting dish.

My entree was the Campanelle (which means "bell" in Italian), which was a beautiful pasta as well as a delicious one.  The cream sauce was light and had phenomenal flavor.

For dessert, the Fruit Tart was incredible with a burst of fresh fruit and a slightly sweet tart - a nice light option to top off a delicious meal.
I love this place! The food is great. I've ha almost all the breakfast items, from the pancakes to the omelets and I'm a huge fan.  The only thing I'm not so fond of is the wait. Be for a longgg wait if you try to go here on a weekend! If it's nice outside, it's not too bad but there's not much waiting room inside, so be prepared!
My husband and I came here for breakfast one day this place is a hidden gem located in South Philly. The food was amazing. The service was excellent very friendly atmosphere. Please come with an appetite!!
I listened to my fellow yelpers out there, who claimed this place was good, but I was sorely, sorely disappointed.  Sabrina's is far better in almost every way. Sabrina's has better coffee, better atmosphere, they accept credit cards, and most importantly their food is far superior.

Seriously, avoid Fitzwater Cafe
Great breakfast option. 

I had a western omelet that was really good. It came with multigrain toast and chunks of potatoes seasoned and roasted, both were good as well. 

I really like the place itself, it really feels like a café. So many places are named ABC café, but are just regular restaurants. There is a really cool, long counter where you can sit. Tons of coffee options (the coffee is very good by the way) and the interior is decorated with intricate moldings and woodwork. As I said, it really had that café "feel."

Oh and bonus, it has it's own FREE parking lot. How many places in the city have that?
After a handful of visits I feel I almost owe a review to Fitzwater Cafe. I love this place! The service is friendly, the food is consistently great. I always crave their french toast...simple and delicious. You cant go wrong with anything there though. One  of the best in town, and the competition in Bella Vista/Queen Village is serious!
Ok...so by the looks of my reviews,  it appears that I only eat breakfast, but what can I say...I find breakfast/brunch cathartic.

I have been driving, riding, and walking past the cafe for over two years now and for some reason have always forgotten to go there. Finally one morning I drove past it with a friend and yelled WAIIIIITTTTT! After a quick loop around the block we parked in the lot( yes a parking lot in the city...hooray!) and happily waited only about 5 minutes for a table. 

I was pleasantly surprised at the lack of a wait on a Saturday morning at 10am.

We were seated and promptly greeted by a super cute and friendly waitress with coffee in hand. What more can I ask for with my coffee than a cute girl in awesome boots? 

Their menu is small, but I appreciate that in a restaurant. To me, this means that they know what they are making and they do it damn good!

I had an omelet with avocado and swiss, yummy homefries( the big chunky kind), and probably the second best multi-grain bread in the city(aside from metro). The omelet was a great size and I only ate half. It was priced at 10 dollars which seems about right against comps. 

The bread is made fresh on premises, as are the pastries. I grabbed a banana muffin to go because they had been staring at me the whole time. It was one of the best muffins I have ever had. It was chock full of bananas that caramelized from baking and they were insanely cake like and indulgent.   

That thing about only having a 5 minute wait...yeah that quickly changed. As we were nearing the end of our meal the line was starting to go outside and was becoming a 30 minute wait. I have to say though, we were never rushed out. Even after we had received our check and the line was growing, we were offered more coffee. Although we declined in order to free up our table, the offer was really appriciated in this city. 

The one negative I will mention is that they don't have room for strollers inside and you are asked to leave them outside. There were a few angry parents who were forced to leave their 1000 orbit stroller outside. So word to the wise...grab your sling and strap the kids in.

So yeah, don't go to morning glory walk a few blocks east and head to this quaint and lovely cafe.
Fitzwater Cafe is def a solid brunch spot, but it's my back-up to Morning Glory.  You can usually get a table at Fitzwater a little easier, but I don't dig the vibe as much.  Def good food though.  So many good brunch options, its hard to choose!
Great food! Great prices($6-$10)! Great service! Only complaint, it gets very busy for Sunday brunch, but who can blame the crowd... 

My friend and I were contemplating the french toast but really wanted eggs and ended up ordering omelettes, delicious of course! And to our surprise, an order of French Toast appears with our waitress saying "You have to try this, its that good" (the waitress spoke, not the french toast). Well, It was that good! I'll be going back.
Delicious food, friendly service, and an atmosphere accepting of children - this makes it one of my favorites!  The cooking here is clearly from scratch, and I get the same sort of vibe I might at the home of a friend who is a really wonderful cook.  They want you to enjoy your meal, and are happy to make any accommodations you want.  That applies to the decor and attitude towards children too - it's nothing super high end or creative, just very comfortable so there's no glaring at a child running down the aisle to check out the pastries - people here understand what it's like to be part of a family and accept it!  I truly love this place!  Love the parking too!  Just tip please!
This really is as good as it gets. If you want a place in philly that somehow has parking, delicious food, friendly service and byo then you can go right here. The food is very reasonably priced and absolutely delicious. I have gone multiple times with multiple people and pretty much always get the cafe croissant because it is truly heaven in your mouth. The first time I went I didn't realize it was cash only. I had just enough to pay for the food and give a bad tip and told the waitress I would be back to give more, she absolutely insisted that I did not have to do that and I promised I would tip extremely well the next time I came in. Safe to say I absolutely did and I am so grateful for her understanding. I love to go here and bring a couple bottles of champagne with friends. It really makes my whole day when I start here. Please go and enjoy but just be sure to bring cash because there is not atm on the premise.
I'm between three and four stars here but settled on three.

I wanted to find a cozy place to get some work done early in the morning (about 7:30 am). I walked into Fitzwater Cafe to a mostly empty (only one diner) place but was still placed in the back at the smallest table for some reason. 

Second, there's no wi-fi and I had to connect to the hot spot on my phone. A breakfast/coffee place with no wi-fi? Not ideal.

Third, cash only which is fine but I just feel like unless I'm in Chinatown, you should be able to take a credit card nowadays. 

I ordered a breakfast burrito and some coffee. Both were pretty good (Food 4/5) and the server was polite and patient (Server 4/5). I am willing to give it a try again on the basis that it's more of a get together with friends place and less work place like Chapterhouse nearby.
Such a cute cafe with a diner feel. Food was great and all servers were extremely friendly.
This is a cute corner spot close by my new house that I was excited to try and heard great things about. It can get very busy in here but was glad to get a table with a few friends. They have counter seats available too. They had a good selection of specials to chose from. We had the pesto omelette, the pork sandwich, and the chicken parm sandwhich. The pork was just okay but everything else was great including the service.
This morning was my fifth visit to Fitzwater Cafe and the first time I've gotten around to writing a review.  This is probably one of my favorite places to go in philadelphia for a good solid breakfast- I'd choose it anyday over Sabrina's or Morning Glory.  The place is small and usually not too crowded.  My boyfriend and I usually end up getting omlets- this morning was provalone cheese, pesto and tomato served with potatoes and multi-grain bread- all delicious, and I especially love the multi grain bread they serve here.  The portions are just the right size, and the food has been consistantly good every time I have visited.  Service has been prompt. Also, it's byo which is a plus.  Will definately be returning again soon.
This place was awesome. The wait was 30 minutes the waitress was fabulous. The Creme Bruleé French was to die for !!! Yummy
Best breakfast I've ever had in my life! Had the Italian! Unbelievable! Especially considering the price. Most amazing value as well! I will be back before I leave!
Fitzwater Cafe's interior was a comfy & cute space, reminding me of a diner almost. You are allowed to seat yourself and their menu selections have a variety. 

Overall, the food was pretty mediocre but the service was fine, and it's pretty calm and peaceful on a weekday morning.
not just for brunch anymore!  dinner was declicious.  they bring out the white napkins for the dinner crowd, but still very casual.  service was excellent, food was delicious.  had beet salad app and chicken milanese with some sort crazily tasty sauce underneath-fresh and lemoney arugula salad.  hubby had bean soup (so yummy and filled with fresh vegetables) and salmon that even my four year old devoured.  daughter obsessed with the red velvet cupcake she saw in the case as soon as we walked in the door, lovely server put it aside and gave it to her on the house.  LOVED!
This was my first time here for brunch, after being dejected by a 2 hour wait at Sabrina's we decided to try this place out.  I was delighted by the fact that we were told our wait was only 20 minutes, which seemed impossible based on the crowd that was waiting...20 minutes turned into 1 hour, and that seemed to be a common theme here.  Waiting aside, the actual food was great, I had the breakfast cafe, 2 eggs, french toast, sausage, potatos for like $11.  I would consider coming back, but if i'm going to wait 1+ hour i'd probably go to Sabrina's instead.
Overrated food. Nasty wait staff and management. Allegedly they talk poorly about regulars. Don't waste your money here, go to Sabrina's...
I went here for brunch & thoroughly enjoyed the meal. You can tell this quaint neighborhood establishment is frequented by those in the community. The staff was friendly and attentive throughout the entire dining experience.

I had a breakfast combination platter that came with: French toast, sausage, scrambled eggs, and home fries. The home fries were good, the sausage was tasty & the eggs were ok. The highlight of the meal was the French toast.  The French toast was thick and the cinnamon was evident. The French toast actually seemed to melt in my mouth as the rich butter taste tantalized my tastebuds. 

I really enjoyed this place & can definitely see myself returning in the future. If you are seeking a good meal & laid back atmosphere to enjoy a good brunch, look no further.
DISGUSTING PLACE OF IGNORANCE! 
IF YOU HAVE A DISABILITY OR ARE HANDICAPPED, EXPECT TO BE MADE FUN OF, TALKED ABOUT AND CALLED HORRIFIC UNTHINKABLE NAMES. Yes this happened to my sister in law who is paralyzed on her left side due to a stroke and has frequented this place for years and THOUGHT she had friends here. She recently fell and broke her cheekbone which left her face badly bruised but she didnt let it bring her spirits down. Her son and his girlfriend went here to eat and heard the employees being disrespectful and blatantly calling his mother names and making fun of her for her disabilities, this place shouldnt be allowed to wait on rats let alone people. DISGUSTING
This is a breakfast/brunch favorite. I frequently order food to go due to covid 19. The food is high quality and Delicious. A 10 out of 10 from food, staff and atmosphere. They do offer outdoor seating which is excluded from the sidewalk which is nice. However on 90 degree days I'm ordering to-go.
Considering the early morning Sunday rush, we were seated fairly quickly after a short wait time. Waitress had such an upbeat personality and was very attentive to our needs. Been dying to get here literally all year and to be honest it was well worth the wait. Freshly squeezed OJ and the cafe potatoes were to die for. Hurry and get down there! Unfortunately CASH ONLY and NO RESERVATIONS.
Don't judge a book by its cover!
This quote explains my experience here on a weekday afternoon before closing. I've been wanting to visit for the past couple of months because the pastel colors outside looks so pretty. 
The bakery goods look delicious when you walk in the door and then you are confused on "do I pick a table to sit or do I stand and wait". The breakfast is mediocre and the eggs are very bland but sausages was good. I give them the benefit of the doubt because maybe it was 1pm or maybe the population are a bit older and the cook was watching how much salt should be added when cooking but my taste buds are bland. There was a post to hire a cook so maybe??? The pancakes were underwhelming. I'm sad because my expectations was a bit high.
The Fitzwater cafe is the place where "everybody knows your name" and you're greeted with a smile, delicious, fresh coffee, and the best brunch menu around! Their creme brûlée French toast and crab Benedict are my families personal favorites. Their bakery items are also just as delicious if you're looking to  grab something on the go! Yes, just like any great brunch spot, the wait time can be long on the weekends but it's very well worth it! Chef Stacey and her courteous staff are amazing and will leave you coming back for more.
Came here for a quick brunch on a sunday morning, we didnt have to wait too long for a table for two, but there were a couple groups of 5+ waiting for a while, it seemed there was only one table for a big group, so keep that in mind when coming!

Nice little cafe with some cute coffee options. The service was fine, but a little inconsistent, we seemed to have 3 different waitresses throughout the meal and each one had an entirely different demeanor, from really nice to very annoyed with us. I got a breakfast sandwich special which was good, but was put together rather poorly. The ham was bunched up at the front of the sandwich and the egg mainly towards the back, so I had to basically take it apart and put it back together?? Very strange, because it seems to me like making the sandwich correctly would honestly be easier than making it how it was served to me. Nothing alarmingly bad happened but definitely seems like a spot for locals or more low maintenance people!
I live a block away from this spot, and every time I walk by my mouth waters! I came once with my parents, and ordered takeout from them this morning. I'm self isolating due to a positive covid test, so my boyfriend did no-contact pickup from them outside the restaurant and delivered it to me in bed :) 

The creme brûlée French toast is absolutely amazing and two pieces is more than enough for one person! I've also tasted the spicy potatoes and onions egg dish and loved it. 

Bear in mind, they are cash only! They also don't take reservations and can get busy on the weekends.
My favorite spot in Philly to go for breakfast and brunches. Everything here is so good. This is my first time trying their Bella vista frittata and I must say I like it a lot, not bad at all, their Italian sausage with spinach and provolone cheese is so good together. Their Creme brûlée French toast is my most favorite. Never disappointed, it always soft and the right amount of sweet, no need to add syrup. It's a MUST go for breakfast/brunch if you're in Philadelphia.
I have had brunch on more than one occasion.  The food was very good.   However, on our last visit we overheard the waitstaff and manager talking about a customer with a disability.  Making fun and laughing at the women's expense.   When they said her and her husband's name I realized it was my boyfriends parents they were talking about.  Loudly enough so that we could hear them.  When approached they denied everything.   So if you want a good meal served by heartless cruel people this is you go to place.
Okay, so I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by my experience here. I didn't know it was a small, neighborhood diner vibe, but it was amazing! Great service and quality food. This place I'll keep coming back to.
I like that they tell us we can sit where ever we want.

My friend and I came here on a Tuesday morning so thankfully, it wasn't crowded like the time when the boyfriend & I tried to get brunch on a Sunday morning.

I had the Breakfast Burrito with a side of potatoes. The potatoes came out looking burnt on one side but they tasted fine. The burrito was huge! It was pretty good and I actually liked the mushrooms. The bottom got a bit soggy from all the juice leaking out though. I brought the unfinished half home and even though it was cold, my brother still said it was pretty good; and he is a very picky eater.

My friend ordered the 3 Egg Omelet choosing spinach, mushroom and caramelized onions. You get to choose 2, the 3rd is $1.
The toast that came with her dish was pretty good. I like toast with the hard crust with nuts or something on them.

I really liked Manuel's Breakfast Taco the last time I was here. I don't know if they still have it but if they do, I will go back for them!
I couldn't believe that this was the first time I ever tried this place. I love that they have a good variety of different food but the menu wasn't overwhelmingly big that it just confuses you.

My friend and I went for brunch and we split the omelette with American cheese and Italian sausage and their warm apple pie french toast -- both were delicious! The taste was on point and I have nothing to complaint about.

My favorite part of the whole experience probably have to be the service. I believe Mary was her name, she helped us with the seating - super sweet and friendly and our waiter, unfortunately, I don't recall his name was also very sweet. They were both so attentive to us and made the whole experience really delightful.

The only thing that I wish was different what the cash only part. I don't mind paying with cash but I wish there was an ATM at the restaurant. There is an ATM a couple blocks away but it's not as convenient as it would be if it was directly in the store.

Aside from that I was very satisfied.
Great spot! They even have parking (limited). Our server was so sweet and the food was great. My boyfriend had the benedict and I had the Banana Nutella French Toast. Very friendly spot.
Absolutely delicious breakfast burrito! 

THE PROS: perfect balance of ingredients with lots of pillowy scrambled egg, smoky and flavorful andouille sausage, ripe avocado, sautéed onion/bell pepper/mushrooms, and some cheese. It comes with a side of crispy cubed potatoes, which are super delicious and perfectly seasoned as well!

THE CONS: It was very "wet" and the bottom of the tortilla got soggy. I personally dislike fork-and-knife burritos, but the salsa verde topping + loose wrapping + watery (but delicious) inside make utensils a necessity. I wish the verde came on the side instead of ketchup (such an atrocity!).

This would, *without a doubt,* be a 5 star burrito if the filling was not so watery.
This place is delicious, the staff is friendly, we come here all the time. They only take cash, so be aware!
We stopped in to Fitzwater Cafe for brunch on Saturday, mostly because I was craving french toast and was too lazy to make it myself.

Although there was a wait for a table, we were seated immediately when we opted for the counter. Service was mediocre - glasses of water and menus were given to us right away, but it must have been 10 minutes or so until someone came to take our orders.

We both had the Cafe Special: French toast, eggs, and sausage. Plus we had a side of bacon too. Everything was just okay for me. The plate looked too big for the dish, so I felt like I wasn't getting much for $13. This is almost irrelevant but the french toast was sliced diagonally, but the diagonals were very asymmetrical and it really bothered me - it was almost not worth slicing diagonally if you know what I mean. It all tasted like something I could have simply made at home, but ya know, it's a diner-type of place so maybe that's the point. The bacon though -- it was slightly undercooked in the middle sections... I'm talking soft and pink, and not cool. We didn't even bother to eat it.

Overall, the bill, for two specials, a side of bacon, two coffees, and an o.j. was about $45 including tip. Next time I'll just make brunch myself and save $45.
Let me start by saying that I absolutely love the decor of this place. The exterior and interior give a really authentic nostalgic feeling that I really enjoyed. The service was friendly and very efficient - my friend commented on how quickly the busboy got my plate after I finished (he swears it was within seconds).

I ordered the crab & avocado benedict. After reading about it in some reviews on yelp, I really wanted to try it. I don't always eat seafood, but when I do it's when I'm eating out. It arrived and I instantly noticed the smell - it was not fresh. But in giving this place the benefit of the doubt, I tried it, and enjoyed my meal. But the flavors did not "wow" me. 

I would be interested to try this place out again - but obviously order something different from the menu.

tl;dr loved the ambiance, but the food was not knock-your-socks-off amazing.BTW cash only.
Love me some Fitzwater Cafe. I just can't get enough of this place. the food and customer service is absolutely wonderful. I took a good friend this was his first time and he absolutely loved it. This place takes me back to my old  flight attendant days when  I traveled to Italy regularly. You can eat inside or outside. Just make sure to bring cash, cards aren't accepted. Trust me your gonna love this place too!
We love going to Fitzwater Cafe for a late lunch. It's great because you can get either breakfast or lunch. I love their country sausage, it's the best! The scrambled eggs are good as is the French toast! I always order the same thing when I go because it's so good. Service is usually great as well.
Went here with friends on a Saturday morning, they are so popular that we had to wait for about an hour to be seated. The interior is cozy and homy like, and the food was over the top gooood! My pictures show: (1) the most delicious Benedict that I have ever tasted!! --The Crab Cake Benedict, which is covered with cheddar  hollandaise (2) The Andouille sausage hash with multigrain toast. The toast is surprisingly delish as well! 
(3) The breakfast burrito was perfect!! It comes with scrambled eggs, avocado, Andouille sausage, tomato, mushrooms, roasted peppers, cheddar, and salsa verde! Awesome for veggie lovers. (4) To top all is this moist French toast with just the right amount of sweetness and fresh fruits that make you feel healthy. I couldn't have asked for better brunch food! 

The service is quick and friendly too. I ordered a cup of coffee and am very particular about my coffees. Our waitress lady was kind enough to make changes to my like... overall great experience!
