Hot, fresh, perfect bagels stuffed with goodness. Nitro cold brew. Service with a smile. Great chais, dirty or regular. Clean, minimal decor. Creative sammys to satisfy any craving. Groovin' tunes. Easy to park. What's not to love about South Street Bagels newest and hottest spot in the Grad Hospital area? 

This section of the city desperately needed a place like this and 5th generation bagel maker Aaron came to answer the neighborhood's prayers....

These bagels are to die for! The peppered egg is hubby's favorite bagel filler in the entire city. The whitefish salad isn't too "mayonnaise-y" which I know is a concern for many. Lox, tuna, pastrami? They've got it. They also offer trippy, tie dye rainbow bagels which are a hit with the littles too. Just get there early as they are a hot commodity. Oh, and we can't forget the birthday cake cream cheese they pile inside your "Rainbow Brite". Say what?! Awesome! 

Here, on the corner of 20th & Fitzwater you'll find all of your classic breakfast nosh done so, so very well plus a few unique gems like French Toast bagels, blueberry whole wheat, pizza bagels, BBQ salmon clubs and Nutella, banana and honey sammys, to name a few. 

Vegans, they didn't forget about you...order the veggie with hummus complete with sprouts and capers, avocado and pickles! 

Having company? Take their delicious spreads and a dozen to go! 

If you haven't been yet, you're missing out! 
Go now!
Fitzwater Street Bagels is always solid, in my experience. In pre-pandemic times, I'd occasionally swing by for a turkey sandwich, customized to my liking. Nowadays, customizing gets a bit trickier through an online delivery app, so I've had to modify a bit in order to get what I want. 

My go-to bagel breakfast sandwich is an everything bagel with bacon, veggie cream cheese, tomato and cucumber. This is obviously not a combo that's offered online (or anywhere, probably, because it's super random!) so over the weekend I instead ordered a BLT, hold the L, plus some extra bagels and cream cheese to have on hand. I was able to add my desired cream cheese to my BT bagel, and now I have bagels in my freezer for whenever I want one.   

I've never had an issue with my order, and I love having a bagel shop in the neighborhood that's both walkable and available for delivery on a lazy Sunday morning.
Philly Bagels had some incredibly delish breakfast sandwiches, albeit a bit pricey by my standard. 

You can walk in and order (3 people allowed in at a time right now) or call to pick up, and either way there's a little window on the outside of the building where they yell out your name when your order is ready. 

My boyfriend and I went around 9am on Saturday and there was a small line accrued. It was a short wait. For our two breakfast sandwiches and an iced coffee it was a bit over $16. 

I HIGHLY recommend going for the pork roll. It's thick cut and totally worthwhile. 

Oh, and they told us that my boyfriend's severe peanut and nut allergies wouldn't be an issue and made note of it on our order (as they do have peanut and nut products here).
Bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on a sun dried tomato bagel... great way to start the morning.
No need for a long review here, you'll know this place is great right away as seen by a usual line of 10 customers or more on any given morning.  Nobody seems to mind the wait as everything is beyond fresh and every item is made to order.  
Get the lox special, it's the freshest smoked lox in the city, Just WOW on the flavor.  And do it on sesame while you're at it.  
Wash it down with their Bean2Bean Cold Brew Iced Coffee. Side note, I've been seeing Bean2Bean Coffee in more Center City stores lately. Whoever they are, their coffee is the bomb.
I've stopped in a couple times for bagels and coffee. This place is always busy and it seems they have a newish system for managing orders in that they give you a card and call your card when your order is ready. A good idea, however, please check your order before you leave. I got all the way home to find out they only gave me one bagel instead of the two I paid for. We went back and they gave us the bagel, but it was an inconvenience.

Service is no frills, which is par for the course in Philly. The bagels are good and they have a variety of cream cheese flavors. I don't go out of my way to go here, but it's a nice option when I'm hungry and in the immediate area.
I have enjoyed Chestnut Street Bagel for years but have had less than stellar experience with this location due to long waits. Still, the bagels are the same and this one is closer so I stopped in this morning when no one else was around. Upon entering and ordering, I asked if I could wash my hands in the restroom. I was informed that the restroom was for employees only. Okay, no worries. So I requested hand sanitizer and received the same answer. I became uncomfortable and stated very clearly, "there is no way for me to clean my hands?" and received and affirmative. 
Waited outside for the bagel and left to wash my hands at home in order to eat my bagel.
So glad I was able to check out this bagel spot during quarantine! I placed my order and paid over the phone. When I arrived at the pickup window, the bagels were ready and they poured my coffee right then and there so that it was hot and fresh for me.

I was very overwhelmed with the huge variety of bagels and cream cheese flavors. I ended ordering with an egg bagel with sundried tomato cream cheese. It was delicious, and they were very generous with the cream cheese! 

I definitely plan to return when in the neighborhood for breakfast or lunch.
This place is a pretty solid little bagel shop tucked away in the neighborhood we were staying in.
Even though we were in a bit later in the morning they still had a good selection left, which was surprising since the place was packed.
I had a delicious iced coffee and a very tasty breakfast sandwich with bacon on an everything bagel. 
Got my morning going pretty good, now off to see the sites!
Good but nothing super special. Definitely generous portions of egg and bacon on the bagel
I will never be returning to this business.  Poorly, poorly, poorly managed and poorly, poorly, poorly operated.  A few weeks ago I ordered food from here.  Not only did they happen to simply not include an entire item that was order but also the items they gave us were completely wrong.  Despite this mishap, I gave them the benefit of the doubt and tried to order from them again.  You can see about how well that went.  An item clearly labeled "NO CHEESE-ALLERGY" is smothered in cheese.  In addition to the absolutely miserable food experiences here, the wait is often 20-30+ minutes.  I would advise everyone to shy away from Fitzwater Street Philly Bagels.
Awesome bagel shop in grad hospital. They have an extensive selection and bagels, cream cheese, as well as special sandwiches. Solid spot for breakfast in the area. 

I went with the lox special on a whole wheat everything bagel, which was great. Make sure to get there early if you want one of their speciality bagels (French toast) as they were sold out when I went at noon on a Sunday.

Great selection of coffee as well. Will be back soon, glad to have found a great bagel shop in my neighborhood.
My review is really a 3.5 Great location as there are not a ton of other bagel options in the area. Bagels are pretty good. They have a variety of bagel sandwich options and coffees. It is pretty expensive for bagels (two bagel sandwiches came out of $17). It can be crowded and cramped inside when waiting, but they do a good job of trying to get you out of the door quickly. Will return based on the location rather than the actual bagels because sometimes I am too lazy to walk further.
I'm leaving this review after my third attempt here at Philly Bagels. I've come on weekdays and weekends and it seems that the day of the week does not impact the fact that they are very slow. If you want to get a bagel here, your best bet is to order ahead over the phone. 

On this current visit, I ordered three breakfast sandwiches. After waiting 20 minutes (which I feel is a bit long) I went to the window to make sure they were working on my order. I had seen many people order after me and leave before me, so I was a bit frustrated. They told me they were still working on it. The reason I felt so inclined to ask is because the last time we were here, we waited 20 minutes for two breakfast sandwiches, and we were what seemed to be the only customers. When we approached the window to ask where our order was they told us they forgot it. Things happen, so we were understanding and came back.

While we stood outside waiting, we saw many customers confused about the ordering process. There is limited signage and it's very small.

After a full half hour, we finally got our order from a woman wearing a mask that didn't cover her nose. 

Bagels are good but not worth the aggravation. I'd rather make my own at home.
Went here twice to make sure the first time wasn't a fluke. This place is making bagels wrong, doesn't train it's employees, and doesn't really respect it's local customers.

Topping/seed/ingredient coverage is very bad. By that I mean the everything bagels have nearly nothing on them and the cinnamon raisin bagels have very few raisins or flavor, and totally inconsistent size - literally the the bread and butter of any bagel place, and it's like those bagels being good is just not a priority for them.

Staff seems really checked out. Twice I asked for toasted bagels with cream cheese, neither time the bagels were toasted - which wouldn't be an issue if the bagels were fresh out of the oven, but each time I've had them they tasted like they were 12+ hours old.

Cream cheese was super inconsistent, 1/2 inch thick in some places and absent in others.

Their iced coffee is pretty good, when they have ice, which they run out of sometimes, and their lox tasted fresh and they weren't cheap with it.

But with a place like Spread Bagelry just a few blocks north of here, there's very little reason to check this place out.

The bagels are not good.
I smelled like a Bagel after walking out of this place. The smell stayed on my clothes for my entire shift at work. Pretty awesome. 

The only negative is that I Started craving another bagel and couldn't have one... I guess I'll have to stop back another day.

5 Stars for sure. 

Fast and friendly Service. Delicious Bagels.
Plus they aren't skimpy with the cream cheese.
I can see exactly why the reviews for Fitzwater Street Bagels are so mixed: everything was just a bit "off." I ordered the Western Club on a whole wheat everything bagel: spicy artichoke cream cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato, turkey, ranch, and avocado.

There was barely a line to order which was great for Sunday at 11:30 AM, but then we waited 30 minutes for our bagel. 

The bagel was loaded with bacon and turkey (yay!) but the bacon was a little burnt and the turkey was literally cold sandwich meat slapped on top (meh). The artichoke cream cheese was yummy (yay!), but I think they forget the ranch, and there was only 1 piece of lettuce and the tiniest piece of tomato (meh). They definitely didn't skimp on the toppings (yay!) but the ratio was quite off (meh). I'd rather have less if it meant that I didn't end up with a mouthful of cold turkey deli meat. 

The bagel itself was also sooo small, barely 3.5 inches in diameter. It was also kinda flat - like the dough didn't completely rise. For $8, I did expect a little more substance.

I think there are redeeming qualities to this place: for one, the menu is very interesting and has options beyond the basic egg/bacon/cheese breakfast sandwich. There are definitely some kinks and I'd like the ordering process to be a little more efficient but the foundation is there.
I love that Graduate Hospital finally has a local decent bagel place!!! MY PRAYERS HAVE BEEN ANSWERED!!!  I got to come here on my weekday off a week ago and I still rave about my breakfast bagel!  I give them bonus points for using fresh eggs and they were perfectly runny over my tye dyed bagel!!! I honestly came for the hype of the tye dyed bagel having no interest in going to NYC to try and find one, and this being a few blocks from my house made it a no brainer.  Service is great, space is clean and its also a few bucks cheaper than those bougie-ier places in rittenhouse.  I kinda wish this would be convenient for the way I take to work, because I'd be here even more often.  I'll definitely be trying my best to sample everything off this menu.  Gosh I'm a sucker for good neighborhood places...welcome to Graduate Hospital Philly Bagels! PLEASE STAY FOREVERRRRRRRRRRRR
Our neighborhood needed this! So happy they are finally open. Delicious bagels, friendly service and keg iced coffee!!! I'll be here a lot.
I like this place's bagels but the staff who works there is so unpleasant it makes me lose my appetite.

I understand making bagels for a living sucks but please....just do your job..I understand the staff is way too dam cool/hip to be making bagels but really...it's not that bad.
Really good bagels.  Felt almost like New York City.  The everything bagel with cream cheese is very good.  Wife liked the French toast bagel, but too sweet for me.  Excellent orange juice.
Great little local spot with fresh bagels and quality ingredients. They also have a Nitro Cold Brew by Rise Coffee thats really good.
They do have a small amount of indoor seating. The bagels are still fabulous, especially love the artichoke cream cheese! One thing I would say is that they tend to run out of their most popular bagels on the weekend, so get there on the early side if you have your heart set on a certain kind!
I didn't realize this place is owned by the same people that own the South Philly bagel place. I'm sorry, but I just don't like their bagels. They are chewy and not very good. I got the special with the dill sauce and lox, and it was way too salty. And this is coming from a girl who loves salt. Very little cream cheese, too. Although a nice portion of lox. I also tried bacon, egg, and cheese on an onion bagel. I got the bacon well done, and it was cooked perfectly, but overall it was just dry. I don't know if there wasn't enough cheese, or if it's because the bacon was super crispy (which I like and asked for), but it was unremarkable. The everything bagel was okay. It had everything and I could taste all of the flavors, but the texture was not ideal.
Salt Salt Salt Bagels. That is all. Oh and that dirty chai spice drink. Closest (and freshest) bagel depot of south philly. Menu is extensive although me and my man prefer the breakfast Sammie. Service is speedy... I've seen longer lines at other bagel shops that DONT serve my salty bagels. Yum. Glad y'all opened in this neck of the Philly woods!
I live nearby but I'm done with this place. The service is often lousy (esp from slacker dudes) & the bagels are often stale. If you prefer cream cheese on the side, they give you about a teaspoon's worth in a tiny plastic cup (that they'll charge you for).
These bagels are the perfect breakfast. Not a far walk to get there, and the variety of bagels and toppings sure makes for an interesting but quick breakfast! Went here on a Saturday morning which was busy (as expected) but they took our orders quickly and the food came just as fast! I have never had the coffee from here but my friend got the draft cold brew and she said it was delicious! Definitely recommend getting the lox bagel special- they load it up and it's very filling!!
Pricey (given that everything is cooked in a Subway-style toaster oven) but fine, I guess. Very basic. Don't expect much from the breakfast sandwich. Better to order takeout from a diner with fresh bagels than wait the same amount of time here for an egg that never saw the inside of a pan.
I wasn't going to leave a review but everyone I talked to has had similar experiences at South Street. I believe it was the same seasoned staff, so that makes sense.

Same good bagels as in South Philly. However, all the same troubles. Carve out a LOT of extra time in your morning if you plan to go. They make the bagels in seemingly random order, which caused me to be late. I asked that they toss mine in a bag, unfinished, and they were rude. They also told me that they had to make the orders for the people ahead of me (even though I was the one ahead of them). While making breakfast sandwiches, staff stared at the egg machine rather than completing a different order. When I finally got my bagel, it was cold, soggy and limp. Such a bummer and it happens probably 50% of the time I go to South St (maybe 4-6 times per year). If the everything bagels didn't have salt, I wouldn't go at all.
The best bagels in Graduate Hospital. They have vegan cream cheese options that are excellent. Everything is reasonably priced and it's super convenient to be able to walk in and pick up a half dozen bagels in the neighborhood.
First time here, hubby got the breakfast Sammy - -egg bacon and cheese on an egg bagel and for myself the cinnamon raisin w cc. Bagels were delicious and I will def be returning! Ps, get there early, line was put the door.
Great addition to the neighborhood!

I really love having this place here. I've only stopped by a few times since it opened, but I plan on eating here regularly. It's super convenient for me as it's a few blocks away and right on my walk to work, but it's also just really good. Tons of options for breakfast and lunch bagel sandwiches. Everytime I've gone in here it's been packed, but they take your order right away and are very attentive. It's never taken more than 10 minutes from the time I walk in to the time I walk out. 

The last few places at this location haven't lasted long, but I hope this sticks around for a while!
In line with every other bagel shop in the immediate Philadelphia area.

Maybe it's the water (no, not WOOdER)...but very rarely will any bagel stand up to anyone standards in the event that they have had a New York bagel. 

The owners of this group of shops offers over priced, limited, mediocre options. 

The bagels even when bought fresh are like hard rolls. There isn't that bite that would be a part of traditional bagels. I asked a person behind the counter if they knew f the bagels were boiled (the traditional way bagels are made when you want them to be delicious)- and they looked at me like I was crazy. 

Alrighty then. Hard pass. I'd rather just have oatmeal at home than wait in line for anything at this shop.
The overall quality of the bagels is solid. I love their garlic bagels, especially on a sammy with egg, cheese, and sausage. Their nitro coffee is a bit pricey but good for a quick burst of caffeine ($4 for 10oz).

Not a fan of the sea salt bagels. My god these are ridiculously salty. Even for a person that was raised on MSG, a bite was like a cube of salt. Aside from this, the rest of the flavors are pretty great: crunchy outside, soft inside. 

They take credit card. In reading through the past reviews, the service has apparently been modified extensively. I've gone here during peak breakfast times on a weekend and only waited 5-10 minutes max.
The bagel itself was decent but definitely not a New York bagel. The best bagels are those that don't need toasting and these are borderline for that criteria. 

PROS:  Very friendly employees!
Reasonable prices

CONS: TINY containers if you get your cream cheese on the size...only an oz!

VERDICT: will return!
I agree with many of the other customers. I live almost next door to this place and routinely come here. Bagels are great but the staff is so miserable and rude. They seem like college kids who hate their parents, hate their friends and hate serving bagels. 

We get it; it's not a highly skilled job but at least smile when I'm ordering my 8$ bagel. 

Tip: when getting iced coffee ask for half the usual amount of ice. They tend to deceptively add more ice than coffee to their drinks. Weekdays are the perfect time to come as it's not crowded. Don't get bagels after 2pm as they've started to harden in the shop.
We've been back a few times (the Joaquin is crave-worthy!), and have a few notes: 

* Bagels are FINE, but not the best in the city. Whole wheat everything could use more seasoning. 

* Cream cheese was skimpy the last time we went - I had to add some at home. It's an expensive sandwich, PLEASE don't skimp on the cream cheese! 

* I REALLY wish they had bags that were (a) larger and (b) had a handle. Fitting two overstuffed bagels in an old-school brown paper lunch bag is crazy, there's no way to hold on to it securely, let alone carry coffees in addition. We've started bringing our own bag!
Walked in today hesitantly because I usually don't patronize establishments before a month or two in business(gives them a bit of time to work out the kinks) they seem to be really well organized, the bagel was great, baked fresh that morning, and the Nitro Iced Coffee was just what I needed to start my day. I'll be coming back...
Love the salted bagel this place rocks. The breakfast bagel is perfect and the turkey/avacado and sprouts is great for getting and sticking in your bag for a later lunch. By far a sweet place to make a stop, even if you have to wait in line. Staff is always sweet (except the super cranky green haired dude...but hey, what can you do...)
My fresh plain bagel was tie die, the music was strictly classic Disney songs walked in to "Oh, I just can't wait to be kiiiiing!", and the egg on my egg and cheese bagel was a real, genuine egg from the skillet. 
As far as bagel joints go, this place is awesome!
Love love love Fitzwater Street Bagels! My 5 star review is based on coming here on weekday mornings - no line and you can call your order in ahead so that it's ready for pick up. You can't call ahead on weekends which has definitely stopped me from coming in because the line is always ridiculous. I feel like if they implemented a Starbucks-like approach with both walk ins and call-in/online orders, it would be more effective. I also understand that it's a small space with a small staff. Maybe expanding would be a good idea? It doesn't seem like business is going to slow down any time soon. 

I typically order the Rainbow Bright - I love super sweet breakfast over savory - it consists of a tie-dye bagel with birthday cake cream cheese. Amazing. And my boyfriend gets a porkroll egg and cheese on an everything bagel (and then ends up eating half of mine too). The bagel sandwich coulddd afford to have one extra piece of porkroll. One just doesn't do the trick. I also love the white fish and egg salad bagels on sesame, egg or pumpernickel bagels. We also go with the iced dirty chais which are delish and great for a hot summer day when you still want a drink that tastes like Christmas and has a good amount of caffeine. 

Fitzwater Bagels is definitely my go to quick and delicious weekday breakfast spot!
Love this place.  I live close to the passyunk location, and happened to be working on south st today, so glad i found this spot.  Got the lox special and a hot chai, was awesome.  Best bagels in the city by far.  Always fresh, like their passyunk location, no oven on site, so I got my bagel toasted and it was delish.  Thank you for having the best bagels in the city!
Really stepped their game up. Busy Sunday morning today and I had both sandwiches and coffees in less than 5 minutes. I ordered a lox special with extra lox and they sincerely delivered with the extra lox. Absolutely piled high on the sandwich. Used to be slow and have low quality food but they completely turned around!!! Awesome place!
Recently started workin in South Philly and all I can day and thank Goodness Corp Fitzwater. I come here weekly  for their chai tea and bagel sandwiches.

Their chai's a good mixture of sweet and spicy. It's great both iced and hot. You can make it dirty for an extra $1 something. All in all 20oz for $5. Wayyyy cheaper than Starbucks.

Bagel sandwich are my favorite. They have a huge variety of bagels! Some of my favorites are cheddar jack, French toast, everything and tomato raisin. Their chicken salad is to die for. Definitely order your lunch between 12-1:30ish. I've noticed when I order within that last hour, the food isn't as fresh or put together.
I waited close to 40 minutes for them to toast 2 bagels with cream cheese. I would maybe understand a busy weekend morning if they were understaffed but they had 5 people working. Never in my life have I seen people move so slow. I am pretty sure they toasted my bagels when I ordered and then they sat there until someone could spread cc on them a half hour later. They were cold by the time I got them. At least at spread after a 40 min wait your food is still hot when you get it. Come up with a better system. 

Also upon getting home I opened my bagels to find 2 bagels with cream cheese and raw onions?!? And a sesame bagel with approximately 5 sesame seeds on it. Never again.
Great bagel shop in grad hospital (+ best bagels i've had here in Philly). Usually order the lox special or sausage/egg/cheese. They have a great selection of bagel sandwiches and spreads. A lot of people complain about wait times--they can definitely get busy on weekends, it's also a very small shop so don't expect to dine in.
I wanted to like the place.  Close by and decent reviews.  Born on NYC bagels and recently had one on a trip up north.  I ordered a pork roll egg and cheese on a toasted ET bagel.  I'm glad I asked for it to be toasted otherwise it would have been a raw bagel.  Barely cooked and terrible texture.   Calling it an everything bagel would be a stretch by far.  It barely had anything on the outside.  Maybe everything fell off before I got it.   Also it's a microwaved egg which never complements a breakfast sandwich. You know the texture I'm talking about.  When the egg bounces back when you bite into it. Looks like it's back to mail order bagels from NY. 

Note: The onion bagel was a better bagel and had ample Onion pieces on it and was actually cooked.  Good amount of jalapeno cream cheese but lacking a bit of jalapeno flavor and heat.
Ugh. I'm so disappointed by this place time and again. I've been wanting it to get better but it just keeps getting worse. Today I ordered the Lox Special with cucumbers when guy wouldn't just let me tell him what I wanted on my bagel. The other guy made it and told me they were out of wheat bagels. I didn't order a wheat bagel but a wheat everything bagel which they had. Three people who ordered after me got their bagels first. Then when the guy had my bagel ready, he had added avocado. I told him I hadn't ordered avocado and didn't want them. He offered to remake it and did. So I got home, unwrapped my bagel and found almost no cream cheese, tomatoes without the stem cut out and one very thinly sliced cucumber. I can't believe I just spent $11 on this BS. Never again.
I moved to graduate hospital recently and I have been exploring the area. I've walked by this place plenty of times and have always been curious about it. I looked it up online got hesitant to try it out due to the latest reviews and overall 3.5 rating. I was walking back to my place and ran into it so I decided to go in. My experience was really good actually. I ordered a breakfast sammy and it was good. I also got bagels to go and have been having using them for my own breakfast sandwiches. No complaints from me; will go back in the near future
Average bagels and lousy service.

I payed for 3 sandwiches and only got 2 in the bag.  After telling the counter, I sat around and waited for 20 minutes.  Tired of waiting, I check at the counter and they hadn't started making the 3rd sandwich.  The guy offered me a coffee, but no refund for sandwich I paid for.  Bye.
Great bagels, terrible customer service, overpriced. I really wanted to like Fitzwater Street Bagels as it's close to my house and could be a great breakfast spot in an area without many quick options. However, I've been several times now and have to say I'm disappointed. 

The bagels are fantastic but they're not worth putting up with the attitude of the people making them. It always seems like it's an imposition for them to have to make a breakfast sandwich. 

I'm also always confused about the final price as the bill is consistently several dollars more than I expect and it's not itemized. This most recent trip I got two breakfast sandwiches ($5 each) and a 16oz coffee ($2.25) and the total was $19.95. Furthermore, that coffee was comically under-filled and only contained about 8oz. 

Sadly, I don't think I will be back to Fitzwater bagels. The next time I'm in the mood for a bagel I will take the extra 10 minutes to walk to Spread.
I have a not-so-traditional bagel order but it's definitely nothing crazy. I like a bagel with a slice of tomato and melted provolone on top. Sort of like a pizza.

Well, not only does Fitzwater not have provolone cheese, but apparently they don't even have an *oven* to melt the cheese. They stuck my bagel with pepperjack into the toaster and the result was an overly chewy toasted bagel, cheese that was burned at the corners and cold in the middle and definitely not melted, and tomato.

Maybe this is my own damn fault for not getting something as traditional as cream cheese and lox... or maybe it's not so crazy to expect a bagel bakery to have an oven onsite. Either way, I'll now be making my sandwiches at home with imported bagels from NYC.
I called ahead once before and ordered the veggie Sammy, no capers. I get my sandwich and there's capers on it. I picked them off and was able to eat it but would have rather them not be there. This time I did the same thing and made it super duper clear, I even said on the phone "last time I ordered this it still had capers on it please please PLEASE no capers." Guess what was on my sandwich...capers  also, I was nannying so I had the baby in the stroller and when I called I asked if I could pay at the window they said that was fine. I got there and I was met with "you have to pay inside, hun." I said I literally just called and asked if I could pay at the window and your coworker said it was fine. So not only do the employees not listen and don't pay attention to detain, they're just not very pleasant and doesn't make me want to go there again. There's lots of independently owned bagel shops, I'll find another one.
I'm confused by all the good reviews and I really wanted to like this place since it's right in my neighborhood - but the bagels are AWFUL. Seriously, they are hard, cold and definitely don't taste fresh. I will definitely make the two mile walk next time to the good bagel place.
I ordered a pork roll egg and cheese and a Turkey Cali both on bagels. I paid and tipped $3 bucks. When I cane to pick my order up they told me they didn't have the turkey and half the other ingredients for the turkey Cali, yet they charged me for it. I get home to find my pork roll egg and cheese has 1 piece of pork roll and no egg. This pictured sandwich was 6.25. It probably costs 25 cents. Phuck this place. Never again. Rather drive to jersey to get a proper bagel.
Are you looking for a solid bagel spot in an area with very limited options for bagels? You found your spot! Are you looking for the most incompetent employees and business model in the city? You found your spot! I've been to Fitzwater bagels numerous times, and they never cease to fail on a minimal 30 min wait for a bagel and cream cheese. Orders wrong, customers complaining, standing around trying to hear your name called, run out of bagels, too many online orders causing in person orders long wait. None of it makes sense, but they some how manage to do all of it. The only passion the employees show is when more than 3 people walk inside and they yell at you. No enthusiasm, no politeness, no eagerness for their jobs. Again, you'll get a good product in the end, but ask yourself first, is the juice worth the squeeze? Probably not.
Went here for the first time today -- ordered two bagel sandwiches (gravlax and white fish), the gravlax with no onions due to an allergy. There were only a couple of people ahead of us. The wait was about 15 minutes. The person at the window called our names and handed us a bag. When we arrived home 15 minutes later, we discovered that they'd only made one sandwich despite us paying for the two we'd ordered. The one they made was the one that we'd requested with no onions, but it came with several slices of onion on the bagel despite that. We had to go all the way back and wait again for them to make the other sandwich, which they'd just forgotten to make altogether. In the end, by the time we got to eat our meal about an hour after our initial order, the bagels were chewy, the cream cheese was oddly chunky, and there was very little of the protein on them.

Overall, bad service, not great sandwiches, poor value for the price
