It's way better than McDonald's, up there with Burger King, not quite Wendy's and doesn't hold a candle to In N Out. 

I give 5 Guys an extra star because they have 'Little Cheeseburgers.' I don't have much of an appetite and hate to waste food, so this is the perfect size for me. However, the whole props for logical proportions goes out the window if you get fries and a soda - the "small" ain't so small, unless you happen to be a giant.

I was also stunned by their choice of music. During my lunch I was treated to songs by such classic rock faves as Chicago and Toto. Maybe this was their way of making sure customers weren't lingering too long?
Q: Who loves Burgers? 
A: Literally everyone. 
Sometimes, the way to a person's heart is through a juicy hand-formed burger, made to-order --and there's no where better than Five Guys Burgers. I'm not talking about gourmet burger here, just a tasty, and satisfying burger. 

Five Guys Burgers and Fries serves burgers, dogs, and sandwiches.
Five Guys Burgers and Fries features fresh-cut french fries (Five Guys/Cajun style).
Five Guys Burgers and Fries have the crazy Coke freestyle machines.

Tips:
1. If you do not want to end up with a food-coma, I advice you to get the "Little Hamburger/ Cheeseburger". You are welcome! 
2. Add as many topping as you want- All FREE!
3. If you ordered the famous fries, which you should, get the regular size. a) you will get an overflowing bag of fries, no matter what size you have ordered. b) You will save about $1.76 ( R: $3.19 L: $4.95).

Three and Half Yelps.
I'm sorry but I just don't get it. Think McDonald's but slightly more trustworthy ingredients. The price is great and the food is always a good greasy burger and fries. Aside from that, yeah, I just don't get it.
Skip the Wendy's down the street and come here if you are in a burger mood.  Quick, greasy burgers with a bunch of different toppings.  Always hits the spot.

The fries... not so good.  Be careful.  They will shovel more and more into your bag.  I think this is an attempt to get rid of them.

Keep the burger, hold the fries.
I had a hankering for a Five Guys burger the other day and as soon as I scarfed it down, I was in a state of deep regret. 

Okay, I like Five Guys. I think their food is better than most fast food places. The burgers always taste decent (though somewhat sloppily thrown together at times), the toppings are free and they give enough fries for you and a friend to share (they're pretty filling--seriously, a handful of those and I'm spent). But less than five minutes after eating this crap, I still get that ew-gross-I-just-ate-fast-food-and-it's-sitting-like-a-hunk-of-clay-in-my-stomach feeling. I've yet to meet a fast food meal that doesn't make me feel like poo afterward, no exception here.

For that, I can't give any fast food place (unless they serve some bombdiggity fries a la the Girard McDonald's) more than three stars. I will say though, Five Guys is definitely better than any Wendy's or Burger King (gross!) in the city. And this location is always pretty clean. That helps.
Hamburger (or Cheeseburger if you absolutely must) with: Mayo, Grilled Onions, Grilled Mushrooms, Jalapeno Peppers, Bar-B-Q Sauce, Hot Sauce. 800+ calories. You're welcome. 

Unless you hate it, then I take no responsibility because you had to have done something wrong to ruin it, like look at it funny. This place is not In-N-Out, and should not be compared with In-N-Out. In-N-Out's menu is different, their style is different, their burgers are different. Yes they're good, but so is Five Guys. Service is good, quality is good, and it's great after you've just worked out, because then you feel like a fat*ss who defeated yourself as soon as you left the gym, but you feel happy about it.

The meat is... meaty (why yes, I am a linguist). I really am running out of things to say because it's a burger. What more do you want? Oh, and don't (DO NOT) get the large fries if you are either by yourself, or on a date with a girl. Only get the large fries if you are a glutton, or you have at least two other guys with you (or three girls). The fries are kinda average anyway; nothing that should make you want to go to Five Guys just to get them alone. I am so hungry right now.
I very rarely consume red meat and french fries, due to the kind of effect it has on my stomach.  Sometimes however, you get the urge.  And when I get the urge, it's Five Guys time.

Pretty damn impressive for a chain - these burgers are fresh and delicious.  And the Cajun fries, drowning in Cajun spices, are little potato slices of heaven.  The only problem is - your breath will be plagued with the spices for about as long as it takes to get through your system.  Ha.

Surprisingly, I don't feel like death after eating here, but it definitely makes me sluggish.  Not recommended before or after strenuous physical activity.
There sure are a lot of comparisons to In-n-Out so I thought I'd give my two cents about these two places also. 

In terms of taste, I'd definitely choose five guys! A cheeseburger is ~$5 but you get all the toppings you want! That is an awesome deal, especially when you can from ALL these toppings but I wouldn't recommend it :P  Toppings include Mayo, Relish, Onions, Lettuce, Pickles, Tomatoes, Fried Onions, Sauteed Mushrooms, Ketchup, Mustard, Jalapeno Peppers, Green Peppers, A-1 Sauce, Bar-B-Q Sauce, and Hot Sauce. With so many toppings to choose from, I don't know how you can choose in-n-out burger over that! Especially when it comes with two meat patties! Also, their cajun fries are good. It is also fresh cut potatoes like in-n-out but the portion is huge so I shared them with two other people. We left here very stuffed! 

In terms of price, it is a bit more costly than in-n-out so that would be the downside in comparison. Also, I wish they toasted their buns like In-n-Out because that's another thing I'd say In-n-out has on this place. 

Service was also quick and you get free peanuts :)
So I finally went here today for lunch. I mean it is good but def nothing out of this world. I was surprised how big the burger was - I got a regular cheese burger and it was 2 good sized patties. The fries were good but not amazing - and they give you a ton. It was surprisingly quick for the time of day (12:45pm). I will def be back.
The fresh cut fries were super hot & fresh almost made to order it seemed. The hot dog I opted for was nothing special. I don't quite understand the hot greasy fries into a brown paper bag thing but then I do like the fact that an extra scoop of said fries were shoveled in. I will need to go back & try their burgers at some point.
I do not eat beef. Therefore, five guys made me sad :(

not many options unless you get grilled cheese AND get lots of toppings AND put fries in your sandwich.  THEN maybe you got something substantial there.  I like their fries.  But otherwise, I get sad seeing no other options besides so much cow :(

They do have a mean kosher..hot dog?  hamburger?  i forgot what my kosher friend got?
For fast food, five guys is really good.  Very reasonably priced, yummy, fresh  burgers with very fresh toppings, and about as cheap as burger king.  Great fries too!

And despite that there is ALWAYS a line out the door, they move very fast, and get you in and out in no time.
Hungry? Want a greasy brown paper bag full of french fries and grease, with a couple beef paddies, a bun and some other shit down at the bottom somewhere?

Then go to Five Guys. I'm not one to put too much stock in presentation, but God damn...The stuff they serve there looks like something about to go in the trashcan, or something that fell on the floor and the cooks give to bums through the back door.

And just because it looks like trash, I'm not saying that it also tastes like trash. It's very tasty. It would be impossible for it not to be. It has about 3 trillion calories and all the delicious fat you can wish for. 

If these burgers were just a little cheaper, this would be a rave review. But at around $9 or so including a drink and fries, you're up against the ROYAL BURGER, which everyone knows is the best burger around. At least, it's better than a bag of greasy ingredients thrown together.
We all know 5 Guys. Great burgers, an OD amount of french fries, delicious shakes.....this one is no different. The location is different, though. West Chestnut Street after school lets out is.......vibrant. This is where the local teens choose to roam and kids being kids, there's a lot going on most times. I appreciate the 5 Guys Staff for working to keep the restaurant a place of business free of loitering teens and others who could ruin a fast-casual dining experience. It's the little things like their diligence that makes the difference between grabbing a quick bite there versus heading to another eatery and it's very much appreciated.
Went to Five Guys and thought, "hey this is going to be a great experience."

I left Five Guys and thought, "hey, that was a lot of calories."

Be prepared for unhealthy. Be prepared for the unhealthy. You can load your burgers with whatever you want, but it's nothing special, and in the end it just feels like a Whopper Jr. from Burger King. Don't let it fool you!

Some facts:
The burgers are pretty soft and juiceless.
The fries are geared towards quantity not quality.
There are no shakes or malts or juices--just a couple fountain soda selections.

Some things that are tolerable:
The walls are decorated in slogans and quotes about the business. I think my favorite one was "several cuts above fast food," which is not exactly a compliment.
There are peanuts on every table--a call back to the fifties perhaps?--I will never understand.
You can't beat the price for the amount of fat and calories you're getting.
This review is based on having a long history with Five Guys, since they started in Virginia. This would be 4 stars if it were my first experience here, but the ones in VA do it better. As in, unlimited peanuts, filling up your bag with fries (this location just gave me the paper cup's worth and a few extra), and better service. 

That being said, my Little Bacon Cheeseburger was delicious. They got my fry order wrong. Around noon, seating became a battle (I recommend sitting by the window in order to avoid being sideswiped by people in line), and a group of well-dressed office guys blocked the soda machine for entirely too long (can't a girl get a Diet Coke?). Avoid the lunch rush if possible, and try a Virginia location if you want your money's worth.
for a place primarily concerned with beef and beefy things, they make a damn fine grilled cheese sammich.

the fries are pretty good, too.
I went to the new Five Guys that just opened on Walnut between 11th and 12th and boy was it fresh! Bright lights, white walls, nice clean floors, lots of seating for a fast food burger joint, very soild.

If you want to look like a nerd, make sure you tell the cashier that it's your first time at a Five Guys and wait for the revelry. The choice of unlimited toppings is a nice quark, but for some less decisive people like myself, this could be a nightmare. Give me some solid, predesigned, tested and approved choices and I shine. Leave it up to me and I'll be ordering once I wake from my trance and I pick my jaw up off the floor.

I managed to shake off the greeting and pieced together a bacon cheeseburger with mushrooms, grilled onions, lettuce and barbecue sauce, threw in some cajun fries and a fountain beverage. Big plus for the Gold Peak tea dispenser spitting out multiple types of iced tea; my eyes lit up as I approached the machine knowing that I was in for one enjoyable cup of sweet tea.

If you're the type to blot the grease off your pizza with a napkin before you indulge, first, stop doing that, second, you may need a small sapling's worth of napkins for this bad boy. The greasy goodness is a pleasure to the palate with a nice bun to bookend the deliciousness. As soon as I bit into my burger, I was very pleased with the combo I created. The burger was great and I will be returning when I need to scratch that greasy burger itch because it definitely hit the spot. Next time I go I'll opt for the regular fries rather than the cajun style, just a bit too much for my taste, but I'm also not a big fry guy, so take that at face value.

Overall, great burger, great tea, solid fresh cut fries and one happy belly.
Hostile toward customers trying to use the restroom. Like, c'mon man. Your burgers are incredibly greasy and I just wanna wash my hands. No, I don't have my receipt cause I just threw it out along with the rest of my garbage. Gimme a break.
Five Guys serves a nice double-patty burger that is probably the best you can hope for from fast food. The burgers are made fresh, never frozen, and you get your choice of free toppings. You can also serve yourself a bag of free peanuts as well. I'm not a fan of their fries and one pet peeve is that the cheese is never fully melted. This location tends to get very crowded at lunch, but they do their best to get you out of there as fast as possible.

A Five Guys burger does hit the spot in a pinch, and would be my choice over any other fast food restaurant, but it's no match for the burgers served in bars and restaurants elsewhere in the city.
I was reminiscing about In and Out two days ago, and it got me thinking - is there a burger (and solely burger) joint out here in Philly that I enjoy. The answer was yes! Five Guys.

But I should be fair. You can't really compare In and Out and Five Guys. The former is light and portioned just right; the latter is heavyyyy. Every time I eat Five Guys, I feel like I should start running again. Then I order Five Guys' Cajun french fries.

Enough rambling - this is my fav place to get a quick burger in Philly. It's clean, the service is prompt, you get free peanuts and the fries are absurdly tasty. I come here whenever I'm in the area and have the slightest pangs of hunger.
Today was my second ever visit to Five Guys and it was certainly a step up from the first visit.  For all you Five Guy newbies out there - be advised that a regular burger (or cheeseburger, bacon burger or bacon cheeseburger) comes with TWO burger patties.  If you only want one, order the Little Burger.  

I felt rather brave and ravenous today, so I went with a regular cheeseburger with ketchup, lettuce, tomato, extra pickles and mustard.  They forgot the mustard, but I was ok with that.  A few bites in and the guilt set in, especially as I stared at the pile of fries also sitting in front of me.  The fries today were very fresh and not greasy, a major complaint I had from my first visit a few months back.  

Five Guys gets a bonus point for having malt vinegar readily available, but overall it was not a life changing experience.  They do make everything to order and you're allowed to have as many (or as few) toppings as you'd like.  Other than that, it wasn't all that memorable.
I like them better than In N Out burgers.  It's cheap, and you get a TON of options for toppings for your burger.  The junior burger is plenty for me, but the regular burger is a deal if you want a lot of burger for your buck.  

Their fries are fresh, handcut, and delicious.  So much better than In N Out.  If you want a good burger and want it cheap and fast, try Five Guys.  It's not as fast as McDonald's, since it is not frozen and is cooked to order.

You watch your food being cooked, and the place always seems pretty clean.

So yummy.
On a recent Thursday between meetings I needed a quick bite. I was thinking Wendy's and lucky for me the line was crazy, I remembered Five Guys was around the corner. I quickly ordered, was very impressed same toppings I use at home (tomato, fried onion, cheese and BBQ sauce) perfect the wait was under 5 mins.

How do this guys do it? There is nothing special with any of the ingredients...The burger was one of the best ever. I am hooked!
They get 3.5 stars, really.

I think the burgers are a lot like Wendy's, honestly. The differences are that they are the bit thicker, they toast the bun and you get more topping options. But the quality and flavor is similar, which is not a complaint because I do like Wendy's on occasion. But honestly, these could never be 5-star burgers because they are all cooked well done. I like mine still bleeding and, if possible, still mooing and I'm willing to accept the possibility of food poisoning.

Last time they forgot the cheese on my little cheeseburger with everything. But they usually get it right if you don't order with a big group of people. 

The fries are pretty good, definitely fresh and greasy. I like the cajun ones the best. 

The burger buns have a weird chemical flavor that I do not like. That is probably my biggest complaint other than the fact that they are overcooked. 

Still, it is very cheap, especially since the last local "gastropub" burger I had was $11.
"If there was a Five Guys in Belfast, Bobby Sands would be alive today"

-- A comment I left on their comment bulletin board.

If I want a big "fresh" burger I want it medium well at the very most.  They can't do it any less than well here because it *is*  a fast food joint.  I also don't like toppings on my burger so it kinda ruings it for me. It seems like if you want to get loads of mushrooms and jalepenos and shit like that, you'd like this place.

That being said, if my drunken sushi place is closed--this is the place I like to go.
If I'm going to Five Guys, I'm going for the variety of toppings.  I've been to handful of locations and all have been good, but this one is the exception.  I ordered a hamburger with pickles, lettuce, grilled onions, mustard, fresh jalapeños, grilled peppers and hot sauce.  What I got was a burger with pickles, lettuce and mustard.

I was already 3 bites in when I realized it.  Too late for me to correct this burger, and it'd be too long to make my friends wait if I were to ask the staff to make me another.

Mistakes are mistakes, but missing more than 1/2 the ingredients is just someone not caring, and the store not having someone checking that the orders are being filled correctly.  At $8.62 for a basic burger and a drink, I expect a little more attention to detail than I'd get at McDonald's.

I will never return to this location, and when choosing to eat fast food in Philly or elsewhere, I will choose a chain that is more consistent and caring.
Ah! I thought referencing the ultimate hamburger heaven (In-N-Out) was going to be original, but it seems I was beat to the punch. Five Guys is our East Coast alternative. And there are no religious ties. Nothing wrong with religion...I just don't like to get it mixed up with my burgers. Oh, good buns too.
This isn't my kind of place but we were on our way to the park with the dog and wanted something quick.  I read some of the reviews prior and thought that we should go for it.  I have to question some of the reviewers because the burger had no taste whatsoever even with all the toppings. Anything with that much grease should be loaded with flavor otherwise why eat it? The fries were ok but couldn't eat them after having instant heartburn from my first course.  I fumed the whole walk home thinking about all the other places to better spend the calories.
Great-tasting burgers with lots of different toppings to suit your mood and preferences. My usual is a little bacon burger with lettuce, tomato, raw onions, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, & green peppers. A little burger is big enough for me, and a regular fills any guy I've eaten Five Guys with.

Their fries aren't that great though, usually kinda soggy and not crisp enough for me. The peanuts are nice to snack on while you wait, random but nice :)

Service is fast and friendly. I've never had to wait long in line to order or at all for a table. Open until 10pm!
The superior fast food burger, hands down.  Patties are made fresh, fries are cut daily, and you get tons of them with an order! The workers carefully craft your burger to your specifics, aren't rushing, and based on what I saw, have an efficient assembly line system from order to food pickup. 

Tables are clean, ketchup is bountiful, and of course, plenty of free peanuts as you wait for your burger.  This is my area go-to when craving a burger!  And gold peak's tea? Now that is quality tea right there!  And there's free drink refills on it!  Go now and thank me later!
Food: 4 stars
Location: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Price: 3.5 stars
Service: 3.5 stars

Recommendations:  A great burger!  Being a west coaster living in Philadelphia, I have no choice but to compare Five Guys to In 'N Out Burgers.  The hamburgers are both well done.  These are the two best fast food burgers out there.  The edge that Five Guys has over In 'N Out lies in the French Fries, Peanuts, Topping Choices, Hot Dogs, Grilled Cheese sandwiches....

For all you east coasters who hear about In 'N Out Burger, rest assured that you have a equal, if not better option right in your backyard with Five Guys.  I don't even miss In 'N Out since I moved out to Philly.

Overall: 4 stars
My ratings are always based fairly,  upon: (*) taste, (*) value,  (*) friendliness (customer service), (*) quality, and (*) atmosphere.    

Being a burger snob, I have to say that I've always liked 5-guys.  This location is neat, clean, usually REALLy busy (but they move people reasonably fast), and friendly.  It was particularly nice today, on a  rainy day, to have not 1 but 3 employees say "hi!" - or ask how my day was.  I'm amazed, being its outside the norm for fast food AND for Philly.   

The burgers:  Well, they're just good. Not good FOR me - but dang it all - they're just good. 
So were the fries.   I'm a fan!   I've been here before, and wouldn't hesitate to return. 

Tip:  the lunch crown begins around 12: 10 here - go a few minutes early if you want to grab a seat   Also:  The music is a bit loud - but just below 'annoying' levels.   I give them 4 stars!
Didn't get a chance to get the burger, but the fries rocked!

Or maybe I was just really hungry.
Hmm.... so I'm not a big burger eater so I was not thrilled by 5 Guys. The fries were pretty decent but the burger was so so....I thought it was pretty flavorless. True, you can watch the cooks make your burger which is a lot cooler and makes me feel a lot safer than say, McDonald's, where you don't know what in the name of God they are doing to your sandwich. Did they drop it on the floor? Did they sneeze a meteor shower of boogies all over the "special sauce"? None of that at Five Guys, what you see is what you get. AND they don't use frozen patties. I will give them their props for that.
I like how all these reviews compare Five Guys to In-and-out while saying "you really can't compare them." Sure you can, you just did!

Five Guys is like In-and-Out (or Blue 9 for Manhattanites) in thats its one of those middle ground burger places (Five Guys is to McDonalds as Baja Fresh is to Taco Bell. Ya heard?) The burgers are greasy, but hey, when is that a bad thing? I mean, this IS Philadelphia. I dig the burgers, think they're tasty. The draw for this place is its a fast burger thats better than fast food, and I agree with that. There is no place that gets you a burger this quick that is this good. Now thats not to say its the best burger ever (the Royal Burger or Good Dog Burger are far superior) but its a good option.

2 complaints: The fries aren't that great IMO, even though some people claim the are. Also, the wait for your food can be annoying. Since it has the feel and atmosphere of a fast food joint, you kind of subconsciously expect it to take 30 seconds, and it doesn't. But again, still faster than sit down and better than fast food, so take it for what it is.

Five Guys also has lots of sacks of peanuts everywhere, which then prompts an onslaught of propaganda warning of the dangers of peanuts! This is a little off topic but, haven't peanuts been around for a while? Why is it the last 4 years its trendy to have tons of peanut warnings everywhere?? I don't see warnings for people with Celiac's in bars saying "warning! this beer has wheat gluten in it!"  If there's a giant sack of peanuts on the ground, chances are there's peanuts around.
The service must have tightened up a lot. Cashier was really friendly, got my food in a very reasonable amount of time. Just a heads up that the regular burgers come with two patties, and little comes with one patty. It's a lot of meat lol. If you get everything, it comes out looking like a giant stuffed meatball. You can order with any toppings you want with no added fees. Try the cajun fries.
Five Guys did not live up to the hype.  I got the regular cheeseburger (note, two patties) with mayo, mustard, and fried onions.  There was no option for real cheese instead of Kraft slices.  The burger was okay.  I do not understand the great love that it inspires in some people.

The fries were soggy and unremarkable.

On the bright side, I did get to see what a half ton of potatoes looks like.  It was stacked up in the corner.

Burger and regular soda cost about $9.

Addendum 2011-09-20: My three-year-old tried their burger with everything last week (at the Bethesda, MD location).  She gives it an enthusiastic thumbs up.  Warning: the default burger is a double.  If you want a single patty, you have to specify you want the "small" burger.  I forgot.

Addendum 2016-02-01: I'm downgrading Five Guys to two stars.  The burger tastes okay, but it is ugly and squashed looking, so I did not enjoy eating it  The fries were mealy and underdone.  Little burger and fries cost about $9.
Okay...I love burgers.  
I love fried things.
I should love this place.
But, I don't. :(
The service is crappy (kind of par for the course for CC fast food joints, so I'll let that go), you walk in and essentially slide on grease...the burgers and fries literally do not taste like anything.  I knew I had to be eating something because I could feel it in my mouth and I was missing $10, but there was nothing memorable there.  Maybe I went too late to get the clean floors someone mentioned (I'm a later luncher), but I seriously would just prefer to go to McDonald's for a QP w/chee if I want a well done, thin burger. Blecky pants.

I miss Goodburger.  RIP Goodburger.
updating my review, +1 star to 3/5

gave it another couple tries and the food is amazing, but the service remains hit or miss depending on how many burgers they have going when you walk in.

 in and out in under 5min one time, 15min wait with no one ahead of me the next, but however long you wait for your food, you will enjoy it.


***

slow and mediocre. 

Ive been to this one and the one on city line, same issues at both. I have a friend who raves about them in the DC area, but whatever they are doing down there isn't working in Philadelphia.
Five guys is my go to burger place, hands down!

The meat is always fresh to order, the option is always up to you to build and it never disappoints. The bacon is always crisp, vegetables always fresh and the fries and always hot.

Just writing this review makes my mouth water. They package everything to go which I think is great since your burger never falls apart if you eat it in the wrapper.

Never messy not too greasy and always made to order.  Cant complain about 5 guys!
You know, the food is pretty decent for fast food, but I'm not sure how my ticket was completely skipped over despite it not being a particularly huge crowd for a weekday at post-lunch hour. Luckily, the woman who rang me up noticed I was still standing there and expedited my late order. I'm not shocked since this isn't the most organized Five Guys, but at least the food makes up for it.
One of the better "fast" food type burger options in the area but just ok in the grand scheme of things. 
Service is usually pretty unfriendly with the cashier speaking so softly and quickly that I can barely understand what is being said (and you can only say "I'm sorry, can you repeat that?" so many times before things get awkward. 
No attention to detail is paid so beware if they get your order wrong and you wait till you get home to check...you might end up paying for a bacon cheeseburger that doesnt have bacon, etc. 

On the plus side, the place is very clean. There are at least a few tables and spacious...definitely bigger on the inside than it appears from the outside.
i love 5 Guys!
i've been to 3 different ones and all 3 have been great.
it's a place i can go to with my meat loving guy friends and still get something too. i still get made fun of but at least i can order something. i always a veggie sandwich (2.20) and i steal fries from my friends. their fries are amazing, best i have ever had maybe. you can choose from about 10 different veggies and none come with an extra change, which rules. you can also get cheese at no extra change. i never do, but whatevs. also, they serve Coke products here which is extremely important to me bc i pretty much only drink Diet Coke.
Burger was okay but customer service was bad. I waited reallllly long for a simple cheeseburger
Sometimes you get stuck in Center City. You are a bit hanged over sometimes, too. Sometimes still, the only thing that will suffice is a cheeseburger with lettuce, tomatoes, raw onions, jalapenos, ketchup, mustard and mayo. Sometimes it needs to be a double burger. For all those reasons, you go to five guys sometimes.

The burger is a bit sloppy, which makes it perfect hang over food. The choices of toppings are endless, though I've already revealed my hand here. Fries can be hit or miss, so I tend to skip them. Lines get long at lunch, so if you are hankering for a decent fast food sandwich, get there early.
I like the online ordering system. I put in my order, skip the lines, go right to pickup, and bam, my order is ready!

Burger...very messy. I ordered the cheeseburger "all the way" with grilled jalapenos. The "all the way" consisted of ketchup, mayo, mustard, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, mushrooms, and grilled onions. Wasn't the best burger I had at all, but it satisfies when I'm in a quick need of some red meat. The bread got very soggy by the time I got back to my office. It didn't hold up well, but was still edible. Probably the "all the way" put it over the egge. Also, I couldn't taste any spicyness from the grilled jalapenos I requested, so next time, I'll order just regular instead of grilled.

What I really enjoyed here were the fries. Fresh cut, comes fresh out the fryer, and salted perfectly. Mmm! I do wish they gave some ketchup with it though. I forgot to request it.

Will I be back? Sure! But not too soon though. Very greasy!
I really like the free peanuts and the fries. Here are my two cents on the In and Out v Five Guys debate:

Burger flavor: IN AND OUT - Sorry. In and out is just tastier with their special sauce (yeah yeah it's thousand island) and grilled onions. Annoyed that my Five Guys cheeseburger didn't have melted warm gooey cheese. 

Burger customization: FIVE GUYS - There are tons of toppings you can choose from. You don't get THAT much... like I got two slivers of green peppers and maybe one sliced up mushroom. Still, I like choice!

Fries: FIVE GUYS - Cajun Fries are overly seasoned but still very tasty. I prefer steakhouse cut fries to the measly skinny ones at in and out. 

Menu Variety: IN AND OUT - Milkshakes!!!!! And cool special burger orders. 

Value: IN AND OUT - Dude. It's almost $5 for a fast food burger. Meh.
Five Guys is the Mecca for a cheap non Pub burger in Philadelphia, if you are just too lazy to work up your Bubba's burger at home just have your pal drop you off and circle back for you after a not so quick take out . If you happen to find the Parking gods smile at you for a meter parking chance by all means munch on their peanuts and savor the best cheap great tasting oozing  burger Philly has to offer.  You will forget to eat at McDonalds or Burger King after you savor the liberal amount of juiciness  these burgers  have. Parking is the only minus factor here because if you took a car and didnt find a meter within a mile of walking chances are your burger is cheaper than your parking. The staff is okay and the condiments are a tad to be reckoned with stick to sauteed mushrooms and onions with your cheseburger and youre on cruise control to carnivore bliss. If they only had a better selection but hey its a burger joint not Johnny Rockets. Fries are so rustic (meaning you get the peels and all) but they were great . The brown bag just adds that old school (non California tacky thing to it). Five guys Burger... please stay at Center City unlike the GAP store across you....
This place has the distinction of being the FIRST place I ever ate at when I first came to Philly. It was a block from my hotel and I was STARVING. I've come back a few times since, and they've consistently delivered a great tasting burger. 

They have a pretty big list of toppings you can add onto your burger, but I usually stick to mushrooms on the junior size (their larger burger is pretty big, it's nice they have that option). 

It gets pretty busy during the lunch hour, but I managed to spend less than 10 minutes in there start to finish with about a dozen people ahead of me.

Bring a wet-nap, and be careful, the bag tends to soak up the grease!
I would give them 3.5 stars.

I came here craving a cheeseburger, but to my disappointment, the bread overpowered the meat, bacon, cheese, and mushrooms! I like that they have a mini size, as the regular size would just have been way too big.

Their fries were pretty good though (the regular ones, not cajun).
Not being able to walk to Five Guys from work is the one reason why I'm so sad about not working in the city anymore. Every so often, when the craving for a juicy, made-to-order burger hit, this was the place that my co-workers and I would go... 

The fries are hand-cut at the store and freshly fried for crispy perfection to go with your yummy burger.
The burgers here are so greasy it hurts.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but I find it kind of gross.  The fries were nothing special, either -- I don't get the hype about this place at all.  I'll save my cheeseburger allowance for the Fatburger that's opening in University City instead.

UPDATE: 1. There are no longer plans to open a Fatburger in University City.  Tragedy.
2. I ate here again and the burger was much better and not very greasy at all.
Mini burger with grilled onions (and whatever other toppings you want) is the way to go.  The portion size for the mini is just right; the "regular" burger with two patties is excessive unless you're anemic and need to bulk up on extra red meat.

Fries ain't bad.  Kosher dog not really worth it (might as well go for the burger), and they don't have sauerkraut anyway.  

Compared to 500 degrees, Five Guys is bit less expensive, but it's a solid option if you just want a no-frills burger.  You won't get the brioche bun, fried egg, avocado, or even kim chee options, but again, if all you want is juicy beef between two pieces of bread, the burgers here will hit the spot.  Don't bother going to the Wendy's down the street, which is BTW the dirtiest Wendy's I've ever been to across multiple states.
Simple order: hamburger with ketchup, lettuce, onions, tomatoes with an order of fries to go. Got to my hotel, hamburger with MAYO, ketchup, lettuce..... NO ONIONS, NO TOMATO.  REALLY? Lots of other burger options in area....... go there!
A nice good hang out spot for lunch, but the calories are a heart attack away lol. The cheese should also be melted into the burger and i didn't like my soggy bread :-(
I love this place for the no frills basic menu and the awesome food that's made quickly to serve all the people who come through the door.  I first tried 5 Guys in Manhattan and loved it and I love this one even more because I don't have to wait in a crazy lunch hour line to get me a burger with fresh jalepenos, onions, sauteed mushrooms, fresh green bell peppers, tomatoes, lettuce, ketchup, and A1 sauce on the side.  I also love how they have fresh peanuts for you to serve yourself that you can munch on while your order is being prepared.  I always share an order of regular size fries since they just pour a giant handle-full into a paper bag (there's a paper cup in there somewhere).  The fries are always perfectly fried and delicious--crispy on the outside and plenty of hot potato on the inside.  There's fountain soda and iced tea, but I usually just opt for ice water.  

I've ordered these burgers to-go before and they hold pretty well (I'm not a big burger bun snob so the simpler the better--5 Guys uses a sesame bun).  The staff is always friendly and efficient, which is always important.  The burger isn't the juiciest burger you'll have in Philly but it's still really good and the burgers are very big and filling.  I love that they have a million toppings that you can add to your burger and that one of them is jalepenos!  Since you get so many fries, I usually opt for the smaller burger since the regular burger has 2 patties.  I have a theory that this place made goodburger go out of business since they were pretty close by to each other.
Absolutely overrated and overpriced!!! Their food is terrible! The burgers are so greasy and they fries are always soggy and never crispy! I don't think that it is worth the money for this burger and fries. If $10.00 is worth it to all these people spending that, then there is a problem. You can go to the market and buy some ground beef, and potatoes, and you have a better and cheaper meal!
If you love burgers you have to try Five Guys!
Great burgers with lots of toppings at no extra charge.  The fries are cooked in Peanut Oil and they are really good, especially the cajun ones! The place is pretty simple.  Burgers are wrapped in foil, fries are put in a regular cup and everything goes in a brown paper bag! Simple but very tasty!  This is my favorite CC burger place!
I try to limit my visits to Five Guys because I can literally feel my arteries clogging as I eat my wonderful little bacon cheeseburger ("little" meaning just one patty instead of Five Guys' standard two). 

The free peanuts are a plus, and the Cajun fries are the bomb dot com.
Five Guys has new chairs. The old wooden ones seemed very flimsy and I never liked them. Well the new chairs look pretty much the same, but they are wood coated metal chairs. I bumped into a chair and heard the clink. At first I didn't get it. Anyway, it's a good idea.
Being from California and eating Five Guys for the first time, I was pleasantly surprised.

I enjoyed the customizable burgers.  I plopped mine with lettuce, tomato, mushrooms, grilled onions, and jalapenos.

The things I liked: The menu listed the calories right next to the item (woo 800+ calories for a cheeseburger).  The free peanuts you can snack on while waiting for your order.  

I wish the cheese was melted onto the burger.  I didn't get the chance to try the fries but the Cajun spiced fries seem good and I will definitely try them next time.  Overall taste was good and I can see why people have the whole debate with Five Guys and In and Out.  

My conclusion is both places have their strengths, and they're two different types of burgers.  I would give this place 4 stars but $5.59 for a cheeseburger?  That's not including a drink or fries (I had water).
I find the burgers are reasonably delicious, and the multi-topping option is nice, but I mainly stop by for excellent french fries to go- usually burning hot fresh from the deep fryer. 

I don't always like to eat inside the restaurant b/c the fry oil sometimes seems to hang in the air at the end of the day, and if I stay inside for too long, I am faintly hamburger scented after leaving the restaurant.  This could be a plus or minus, depending on your attitude or if you have a pet.
The breakfast here is a little expensive but definitely worthy! Egg and cheese burger was delicious, and you can choose as many toppings as you want, and the quantity of fries was just enormous.
It is time for me to stop eating Five Guys Burgers.  They are SO GOOD!  I wish I was a vegetarian so that I wouldn't eat so many burgers.  I'm not sure of the exact chemical reaction that happens in the brain, but the endorphin release is insane after eating here.  It could cause an addiction.  That's why I will stop (tomorrow).
I had a bacon cheeseburger and fries. The fries were pretty good and I did enjoy the burger but it definitely wasn't the best I've ever had. The people making the food were super nice though and kept checking for my order while I waited. I definitely recommend getting the little burger as the big one is two patties and is very filling and almost a bit hard to eat because it's so big. It's quick and relatively cheap but it's definitely not the best burger.
Excellent burger and fries but the staff are rude and ignore you. I won't be back to this location.
Felt like I hadn't had a burger in a while, so I went down to Five Guys. This is the best burger you are gonna get for 5 bucks in the city. 2 juicy patty's is standard, as many toppings as you want for no extra charge, and fresh cut fries. 

Can't say anything bad about this place because they keep it simple and do it right.
Great burgers. I want one right NOW! The cajun fries are an excellent addition to the menu. I eat them with a fork and ketchup dip and it's like I exist outside of time and space until the last one is gone. I take my time eating my fries so the burger has time to marinate (the mayonnaise marries the cheese and peppers and the onions and by the time I get to it... it's a straight up orgy!). My dining experience here has become ritualistic. If I can form a ritual they must be doing something right.

Free refills FTW! Raspberry Nestea is imperative to my ritual... the way it counteracts the ketchup is much like when a kitten rolls on it's back and closes its eyes... COMPLETE HARMONY.
My favorite burger place in center city.  I like to order ahead to beat the crowd. This place is always crowded. Atleast around lunchtime. When you pick up your order they shout your name and that you are here. I love that. It makes everybody else jealous that you are getting your food before them. Defintely try the cajun fries I prefer them over the regular fries. My only complaint is that a full meal with a drink is around 10 bucks
Sometimes - check that, ALL the time - I wonder how on earth my bf stays so slim. Especially when I'll drag him out for an evening stroll and suddenly we end up picking up food for him. The boys metabolism is ridiculous. Like most men, he loves a good burger and yet had never been to Five Guys before. Some of our friends love the place and say it's the best of the fast food varieties out there. So while on a walk and heading back to our place his stomach starts making noise and he asks me if there's a Five Guys nearby. 

As he ordered a cheeseburger with regular fries (that I requested because YOU HAVE TO TRY EVERYTHING and one of my friends is obsessed with them), I observed the bare, cafeteria-like décor. I found the bowl of free peanuts and bags upon bags of potatoes an amusing component of the place; at first I thought the potatoes were charcoal since the bags are so similar, but 1) they use a griddle for the burgers and 2) those fries are clearly a mad popular menu item so they need those tons of Idahos. 

Let me tell you, he dug into that burger like it was a mini - I had barely sampled a few fries before I looked over and saw over half of it gone, and a content look on his face. He had to agree that it was a fine burger for a fast food place, but he wouldn't go out of his way for it (then again, he's quite the hoagie fan). The fries were tasty - that's what peanut oil is for - although you definitely need to eat them fresh because once they were room temperature they lost the crispiness. Glad we finally tried Five Guys out!
Pretty good burgers, lots of topping choices, and convenient location in center city. Got some of the cajun spiced fries, those were awesome, cooked perfectly and absolutely smothered in seasoning.
I recommend a bacon double cheeseburger, with pickles and ketchup, and some of those yummy fries!
since my last review ive been to another 5 guys and the burgers were tastier and fresher,  the fries are ok. i like the ice tea. I like that the burgers are fresh and not frozen patties.I would rather have char broiled than fried, but for a fried burger, its not too bad
I will return
"Burger like it's your backyard."  That should their slogan.  Their burgers are awesome.  No gourmet Rouge stuff, no Kobe meat just plain awesome burgers.  

Get the boardwalk'ish fries and can you believe they have Malt Vinegar!  I can't say enough about them.  Except that maybe they're a bit slower than 'fast' food, but that's not a big deal.  Shell a few peanuts for yourself at a table while you wait for your number to be called, why don't ya.  Oh and ya, i get it, i get it....you're generous with the fries....got it.  How about some bigger 'fry containers?"  Instead of the dixie-cup-runeth-over-of-fries bag.
Sometimes I wonder how life would be like if we exchanged American currency for Five Guys fries. I think I would be homeless, as I'd be constantly eating my own money. 

Their burgers are pretty tasty. A good filler for a In-And-Out burger craving. But the fries... the fries are amazing.
I wish this place had tofu burgers
I've been to a number of Five Guys a number of times from Philly to Maryland.  I'm sitting here asking myself WHY and I just can't come up with an answer.  I think the experience itself interesting so I can't suggest you avoid Five Guys, everyone should try it at least once.  Part of the experience is creating your personalized sandwich, there are a bunch of toppings you can choose from so you could probably eat a burger everyday for a year and never have the same one twice.  

So here's the deal, their cheeseburger is actually two little slabs of (never frozen) ground beef, the little cheeseburger is a single pattie o' beef.  It's a cheap marketing ploy to make you spend more money because although the little cheeseburger is more than enough for you (especially if you get the fries) there's just nothing manly about "can I please have a little cheeseburger?"  Once you've concocted your perfect ground beef sandwich you have a choice between regular fries or large fries.  Here's where you should take my experience to the bank - never order the large unless you want to split them with 3 people. Five Guys will put your sandwich and a frie-filled16oz styrofoam cup in the bag and then take another 16oz cup of fries and throw them on top of your order in the bag.  It's crazy.  You're then left with a greasy paper bag so be sure to bring a plastic bag if you have any respect for your passenger seat (or passenger) if you have an order to go.  

So is the stuff any good?  meh.  I know people who SWEAR by this crap.  Seriously, I was working downtown all week with a guy who went three days in a row!  My hypothesis is that what seems to make the Five Guys burger appear to be delicious and tasty is the fact that they steam their buns a bit before assembling the Yugo you are about to ingest.  As someone else commented, if you just try the beef alone you'll see that there's no taste to it what so ever.  The fries on the other hand, they're not too bad.  

FG's also has a few other options like a grilled cheese and a hot dog and hot dog with bacon I think.  The hot dog's ok but seems greasier than the burger so for me one was more than enough.  I think I had a grilled cheese once and it came on the same bun as the burger.  Not half bad actually.

If they were open 24 hours THIS is the first place I would go after a long night drinking on the town!!

I've read that there's a new burger joint down the street (17th?) called Good Burger out of NYC and they have a wider variety of food and they have beer as well.
Burgers are ok.  Cheese doesn't melt though. 
Nice array of toppings available. 
Good ordering system where you can see what is being put on the order.

Fries were flabby - and it was 6PM with a long line of customers moving through. No excuse for a big pile of fries to be in the bin getting stale.

A gang of about 20 teens were on the corner and a cop made them disperse. They came into Five Guys. They were loud and boisterous. I mean really loud. Often they held the door open (to make the dining area nice and cold?). They didn't buy anything and the staff did nothing to help the situation. It was only when another group came by outside that they left. They made this an unpleasant experience.
best Burger joint in Philadelphia cant wait till they come to Grant ave in the northeast the burgers are so good they puts mcd Bk and  the rest to shame this one has good location being on chesnut street  the chain started in N  Virgina  got big plug last yr when Barry Obama    went there one in Dc
Five guys is great. This one is always pretty busy and pretty quick. 

What makes these burgers is that a) peanut oil b)whatever toppings you want for no extra cost??

c. the mini burgers and other options are also really great. Their fries are super tasty. 

And I might as well compare it to in-n-out: I prefer the peanut oil that they use for everything. They don't charge for extra toppings (though I don't recommend you get it all..it's a lot). The fries here are so much better than in-n-out's skinny runts that are all wilted.

It's pretty awesome. Sometimes it's so crowded it's hard to find a seat. Story: I went with a group of people and my friend mentioned she always had the worst luck at "fast food" places. She ordered her burger and it came with no...patty. hahahahahaha it was so funny. (everyone else was fine..and yes, they gave her a new burger with the patty in it.)
In just the past decade, Five Guys has expanded all along the East Coast. Offering delicious burgers in a 'fast casual' atmosphere, Five Guys delivers on price and taste. We're not talking about gourmet burgers here, so set your standards on medium, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.

There are three locations in Philly and after a recent happy hour, the GF and I stopped by the main Center City location for some takeout. 

After putting in your order, feel free to feast on some salted roasted peanuts. A nice way to satiate or whet your appetite while you wait and drool as your burger and fries are made to order. 

Little Cheeseburger ($4.69)
Mayo, lettuce, pickle, tomato, grilled onion, mushrooms, ketchup, jalapeno, green peppers

The little burgers are perfectly primed to fill you up. If you like, feel free to opt for the 'big' burgers, which are essentially two patties. But honestly, the little burgers get the job done. I prefer my burgers medium-rare, but these are cooked well-done. And guess what? That's totally fine with me. The burger blend used at Five Guys is 80/20 chuck. So there's no problem maintaining a juicy patty. The toppings at Five Guys are free - with the exception of bacon and cheese - so I load up! The spiciness of the jalapeno, the heartiness of the mushrooms and onions, and the freshness of the veggies meld well to create a satisfying bite every time.

Large Fries ($4.99)

These spuds are cooked in 100% peanut oil. Better yet, they're almost always fresh and cooked to order. Pro tip: Ask for them unsalted (which is how I prefer them) - they're pretty much guaranteed to start up a fresh new batch of fries, which will pretty fill your entire bag. Perfectly creamy, nicely crispy - these are the real deal.

Five Guys isn't the healthiest meal out there. But if you're looking for a burger and some fries that hit the spot every time, don't hesitate to check out Five Guys.
good, solid burgers.  not the in-n-out (which, in my opinion, is burger heaven) but it's as close as you're gonna find on the east coast, except for the rare occasion when you run into a fatburger.  i must admit- the dining room could use a little more attention, but the staff is always friendly.  there's nothing like a good burger, and when i get the urge & i'm in the neighborhood, there's no doubt this is where i land.  definitely worth a try.
I had an hour to kill in Center City between meetings. I just happened to walk past this non-descript location and said, "I've got to go in, I have heard about this place." 
So I went in just prior to a lunch rush, the place still smelled like they had washed the floors. A good thing I guess but not appetizing. 
I was slightly confused on the menu and would have liked to know burgers are cooked to order with no additional cost. I would have put more stuff on it. 
It is a fast food joint, but it is a good burger. The fries were outstanding, freshly cut potatoes are used and skin stays on. 
The place is simple, no fancy neon or anything else like that. A simple red and white themed place.
I'd go again if wanting fast food, although they are not especially fast. But, they do have peanuts in a shell for those who wait. 
Plenty of seating to sit and enjoy the meal and plenty of people watching if you face the window towards Chestnut street.
I am extremely disappointed in the service I was provided by this location. I explicitly stated that I was extremely allergic to cheese and I asked twice for them to omit cheese and make it a burger. This was to be my only meal after a strenuous day, I am a very frequent customer and I expect to be reached out to concerning this order.
Let me preface this by saying that I am a "verge-atarian" (On the verge of vegetarianism) and even I can appreciate the carnivorours, juicy joy that is Five Guys.  The "little" burger is big enuf por moi and I load that bun with all the complimentary veggies.  (All the toppings are free - other than cheese and bacon - which are not even neccessary - given the amount of artery clogging fat already present in aforementioned juicy burgers.)

I have also never gotten the fries - as after eating the burger my grease quotient has been met for the day.

But I do occaisionally indulge in a single little burger from five guys.  It is worth the 8-10 minute cooked to order wait.

Yes.

It's worth it.
The people who work here are phenomenal! The cashier was so nice and gave good options and they give you really great portions. The bacon cheeseburger is yum. The fries have a good flavor. It's just really nice to have such good service.
Greasy burgers, greasier fries.  Just because you post who you buy your potatoes from doesn't make them good.  Several people told me this place was better than In-n-Out burger out in Cali... obviously people who've never been to Cali...  The food was edible but greasy and the employees took "Philly hospitality" to a new level with their uncaring "Your-being-here-is-cutting-into-our-social-hour" attitude.
Blarn!

Its a greasy burger joint. They swear to GOD that they've got the best fries on earth. I found the food over-priced and no better than any other burger joint that generates its own hype.
I really enjoyed the burger and fries.  Its a nice change from In n out.  The fries are sort of like In n out but just thicker.  The burgers were a lot bigger than I expected.  If I lived in Philly this would be my new burger hang out.
Too expensive there better burger places then this fudruckers and cheese burger cheese burger just to name a few event sonic.
I love this place.  LOVE.  However, it is out of this universe unhealthy. Burgers are super greasy, loaded with whatever condiments you want, a fresh bun, mmmm just delicious.  Cajun fries are fresh and seriously yummy too.  I come here maybe 1-2 times a year, but if health/calories didn't matter I'd be here a lot more.

Service is quick and very "Philly".  Got the regular fries instead of Cajun.  Female cashier "hooked me up" and let me not only keep the original, but gave me 2 orders of Cajun fries.  Wowzers.  Not sure I needed all of those fries, but just, wow.
I enjoyed my lunch there today. Fair price for a fair burger. Too many fries. I felt guilty not being able to eat all of them.
Located on Chestnut between 15th and 16th, the Five Guys store in Philly looks a bit humble. The interior is clear with classic red and white colored tiles that makes the place look like an old-timey diner joint. The walls are lined with awards and magazine reviews of the chain. The staff is friendly, it's a rarity considering this is Philadelphia. I guess there's a sense of pride about the store in general, the strange undecorative sacks of potatoes at the window front might have been a clue. Is the food really that good?

Five Guys sells burgers, hot dogs, fries, soda and water. The menu is not too big but then there are all kinds of free toppings you can put in your burgers, so the combination is endless. Their regular burgers are made with two patties and their little burgers only have one. There are also price difference between a burger, a cheeseburger, a bacon burger and a bacon cheeseburger. The free toppings consist of mayo, relish, onions, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, ketchup, mustard, jalapeno peppers, green peppers, A-1 sauce, Bar-B-Q sauce, and hot sauce. Regular fries are big enough to share by 2 people and the large ones are probably enough for 4, they are fried with peanut oil, hand cut with some of the skin still on. They also have complimentary roasted peanuts for customers to snack on.

I ordered a cheeseburger with grilled mushrooms, grilled onions, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and mayo. The toasted sesame buns were toasted and not soggy, the beef was pretty juicy and not tough. Its size reminded me of what I thought of a Big Mac when I was young. It was big and satisfying and it tasted just like a Big Mac, accept nowadays Big Macs had shrunk and it doesn't taste as good as it did anymore. Of course, the burger could taste entirely different with different toppings and when you can tailor a sandwich to your taste, you couldn't really go wrong.

The experience was also heightened by two girls who kept checking me out when I was ordering, smiled and decided to sit right by me throughout my stay, when I say girls they were literally in their teens or early 20s. I was, of course, flattered. lol.

I'm glad I've tried Five Guys Burgers, the food is at least memorable and it is indeed a good burger, so I think I will return again. Maybe I'll try one with BBQ sauce and bacon next time, although it might not a good idea to go often, especially after I checked out the nutritional contents. Hell, life's too short anyway.
I've been to Five Guys on multiple occasions sporadically over the last few years for burgers and fries, both at this location as well as others. Today I came into this five guys (15th & chestnut) craving a burger with my boyfriend before heading to work. We ordered a bacon cheeseburger and a little bacon cheeseburger with some add on toppings. The guy behind the counter Quayan who took our order was amazing, he greeted us with a big smile and was great to interact with. He was helpful, patient and overall just provided incredible, charismatic customer service. The other guys on the line were working hard but seemed to be having a good time together while putting out a great product for their guests. One of the other guys putting the orders out (I think his name was Deven) was also very friendly. The food hit the spot. The experience was short & sweet but the employees left an impression guaranteeing our return!
My friend and I went in here on a Sunday night after some chestnut street shopping. We had a great time. The staff was friendly and the burgers were amazing for a chain place. a Big burger with classic american toppings (ketchup,mustard, pickles, onions,lettuce and tomato) and it was WONDERFUL. Cheese ooey gooey American goodness. I ordered just a drink to go along with my burger since they offer no combos and I don't Like fries too much. My friend ordered their smallest order of fries and ended up splitting them with me there was so much and we actually took some home too . Their drink machine is one of those touch screen ones with the drink flavoring options so I opted for vanilla Coke and was not disappointed. Happy with my meal that night, and will return.
I love the product no question about them made to order juicy burgers with FREE toppings galore. Oh and them Cajun fries so full of potatoes goodness but I am here to talk about the customer service I received this evening. This team working this shift on 1/2 was everything you want from a team of employees. The woman taking my order greeted me with a beautiful smile & asked me how my new year was shaping up. The men behind making the burgers were friendly and not to mention one of them mentioned how to save the company money by reducing the use of plastic bags. Maybe make the brown bags with handles? Great staff - give them all a raise!
I am currently in five guys waiting for food for my boyfriend. I heard they were recently closed but he said they were back open so I decided to pick up food for him. When I showed up to order they told me they were cash only which I was unaware of - per my boyfriend they were never cash only before. I decided to go get my own dinner, stop at the Atm and come back to get his. When I came back there was a sign posted on the door that stated "closed for medical issues." As I was standing at the door the entire staff laughed at me when they realized I was the girl who had gone to the ATM to get money and by the time I came back they were closed. Eventually, when the staff was done laughing they let me in and I was able to place my order and pay with cash. They told me my order would be under the name "ATM." I just can't understand how an entire restaurant staff could suddenly come down with medical issues forcing the entire restaurant to close early. In addition the mockery of the staff was seriously unappreciated. It doesn't surprise me that this location was recently closed as they are so inconsistent. You can definitely find a better burger and fries in center city that is more consistent and respectful to their customers.
I like five guys but my friend will not go there again. It was like $20 for 2 cheeseburgers and fries. The soda was extra also.
A guilty pleasure. Sure its not healthy but it sure is good. When indulging yourself in this type of artery clogging feast you know what your getting yourself into when you walk in the door. I was beyond satisfied with my cheeseburger  piled high with free toppings and a cherry coke passing on the fries. You can only take these things in doses and skimping on the fries made me feel less guilty.  The real treat here are the hot dogs. MMMM!!! I
Skip this place. We ordered 4 burgers and every single one of them came out wrong. Cashier entered the order right but guys making the burgers decided to ignore that and did what they wanted. We waited so long for the food and it seemed like the cooks didn't care for their jobs so we decided to eat our burgers as waiting for burgers to be remade would have taken longer. Plus our car was at a meter that was about to expire. Go to Wendy's instead!
