Foghorn beats the Colonel out for best fried chicken convenient to my house. For ~$11-15, you can enjoy a chicken sandwich, a cola, and two sides (pickles or coleslaw).

The chicken is perfectly breaded and fried to have a crispy, crunchy shell with juicy, flavorful meat inside. The meat is served simply, with a potato bun and your choice of house sauces (classic honey Dijon is my go-to). Recently, a hot chicken sandwich was added to the menu for a much needed spicy option. The pickles are heavenly--even JJ, who hates pickles, goes nuts for them. The hand cut fries arrive hot and salty, just the way I like 'em.

The mural painted with bright primary colors and the neighborly feel of the service makes me happy to stop by for my chicken fix.
This review is for delivery only. I CANT BELIEVE I WAITED 2 YEARS TO TRY THIS PLACE!! I kept wanting to try, but never did. Until this weekend. The chicken fingers are so good! The breading is crispy but light and practically falls off the chicken-- so perfectly cooked. I liked the fries a lot too but I will say they were quite salty. The order was huge.. definitely can split with someone. And you should because the bill can get expensive here fast. I will be back to try other menu options sooner than later.
Fresh and yummy! French fries are the best! I'd love to see another item on the menu in the future... chicken nuggets or strips.
Great addition to the East Falls area. Chicken sandwiches are nice and the fries are tasty. Would love to see them bring in some local craft beers. If you haven't had their chicken sandwich yet grab one!
This was deelicious!! It's been three days and I'm still thinking about my Friday dinner. Yum! I was looking for a place where I hoped they made good fried shrimp. The kind that's crispy crunchy. For some reason finding that has been challenging. Until....

I visited Foghorn and I ordered the jumbo fried shrimp. The platter came with your option of coleslaw or their homemade pickles and I decided to choose the coleslaw.

My food was ready once I arrived. It took about an half hour since placing the order online. Staff was friendly and the shrimp was good. They definitely were jumbo, flavorful  and the batter had a nice crunch. I also ordered the sassy buffalo which added an extra kick to the already tasty shrimp.

Overall prices were reasonable. I paid about 12.00 for my order and now I know the place to go to whenever I want some good ole fried shrimp!!
You cannot judge a book by its chicken, and boooooyyyyy is it good chicken!

However! Most of the times I go to pick up my order I see a guy on the staff watching Netflix and acting unprofessional. Now, I am not one to give a one star rating for the occasional laziness but this guy is past that. He seriously could give less of a crap about anything. Idk if he screws up the orders but consistently things have gone wrong like when I ordered wings with blue cheese and buffalo sauce only to get a order of a half chicken with just ranch. This occurs...constantly. 

Get your shit together, Foghorns. I told all my friends and they agree with me. I'd rather go to KFC and get exactly what I want then waste my money at an establishment that does not care at all. KFC could care less also but at least they care a little.
This is some rocking fried chicken. I ate some room temp and it was killer then some hot and it was great too! Golden brown. Not greasy at all. Great coating that is a little spicy. 10 pieces for $18 with two small sides. Only pickles and coleslaw? More side might be nice. It a bit of a homey dump. But very clean. Service was very good. He loves the chicken! He told me 3 times. Services was fast. It would be nice if they had more side dishes. I'd be happy to buy them.
There's a new option for fried chicken in northwest Philadelphia.  Foghorn on Ridge Avenue in East Falls is conveniently located right off of the Kelly Drive.  This chicken establishment from the owners of In Riva Restaurant just about a half mile down the road is bright and cheery.  I especially liked the mural inside.  Now for the chicken I def found it tasty although different from Korean chicken which has become my favorite.  This is a thick-coated chicken which helps keep the meat moist inside.  I would like a little more flavor with my chicken - some more seasoning perhaps in the batter for the coating.  But still Foghorn and its friendly staff are a welcome addition to East Falls.  The next time you're biking along the Schuylkill, this place is a good stop for a bite to eat.
Silence fried chicken snobs who call this place overpriced or not authentic. This is some of the best chicken I've had in Philly. The chicken tenders are plump, not too dry, not too greasy, and not overly breaded. The handcut fries are simple, not overly seasoned, and all around good. It's really the dijon mustard and pickles that do it for me every time.

This place has some of the most quick, convenient, and good tasting food in East Falls. The only downside is that parking can be a little tough in this area, especially if you want a close spot to run in and out to pickup a takeout order.
I've been trying to learn how to make really good fried chicken at home, and needless to say, I've been failing rather miserably. You know who doesn't fail at all when it comes to excellent fried chicken? Foghorn. That's who. 

I dropped in later in the evening just as they were about to close as I hadn't had a chance to grab dinner yet. Instead of being annoyed at a person showing up right before they closed, all the staff was awesome and quickly made my food for takeout... so bonus points for that. But obviously the most points come from the delicious sandwich! The chicken was nice and crispy on the outside, but tender and juicy on the inside. 

I also got fries as a side, and they were nicely seasoned and also tasty. Definitely a great meal, and highly recommended!
oh my...i'm writing this as i finish my sandwich and fries...so full...and ready for a nap. too bad i'm at work so i'll have to get some caffeine into my system asap instead!

i've been wanting to try this spot near work since it opened months ago. some of my colleagues have given it a try and rave about it. now...i am usually not a huge fan of chicken sandwiches but this is what everyone recommended so i took their advice. 

the fried chicken was fat and juicy. came with some mayo and looks like homemade pickles? on a potato roll. you have the option of sauces on the side. i got the black pepper honey sauce that was very yummy but i think i'll try the chipotle bbq next time around. they also included a side of their pickles which was a pleasant surprise and they are oh so delicious. 

at $4, the portion of fries you get is huge...but they were just ok - not terrible, but also not great.

parking can be a hit or miss and the guy behind the counter could have been a little friendlier but whatever. their fried chicken is delicious enough that i will return...and as a customer service snob, you KNOW the food has to be pretty amazing for me to go back when customer service is meh. 

definitely recommend it!
They deserve 5+ stars.  Every piece of chicken is tender and juicy right down to the breast meat.  I'm not a fan of the coleslaw but it's not bad.  The pickles are delicious and fresh.  The sauces are full of flavor with my favorite being the black pepper honey.  The fries are addictive.  I would like them to add some mac and cheese or greens to the menu but hey what's on the menu is delicious!
Back in the day, it was the Colonel and Kentucky Fried Chicken. 

Then the chain Popeyes with LOUISIANA STYLE FRIED CHICKEN started appearing everywhere. Better but not on par with the legendary fried chicken spots you hear about in Memphis, Nashville,Chicago and the other restaurants with famous versions of this delicious dish.

In our hometown of Philly, we have Federal Donuts who does a respectable job. But let's face it, this town needs more choices. And I like different side dishes than donuts. 

That's why I was so happy to finally try Foghorn's fried chicken this past Friday. 

Owned by the folks at In Riva, the restaurant is a clean, hip oasis right on Ridge Ave that is putting out a very respectable fried bird. With cool music playing in the background and colorful art on the walls you might think you're in a coffee shop but if you look closely, you will see the chicken everywhere. Here - Chicken is king.

My excellent server Andrew recommended the 5 piece. I ordered the pickles, a tasting of the cole slaw, the fries and a soda. I mean - if you're going to do it, might as well do it the right way.

The chicken was delicious. Moist. Nice crunch. Not too greasy.

The pickles were sweet but tasted good. House made as well. The same with the cole slaw - it was excellent.

The fries were ridiculous in size. One basket could feed a family of 4. They have to get a smaller size on the menu.

They recently added wings and sandwiches which make this a "must return Spot" to sample more of their menu. Well worth a visit, especially if you like fried chicken.
While I did once get a chance to dine-in at Foghorn, my last few experiences have been take out during the COVID era.  I'm happy to report take-out does not take-away from the food!

Foghorn makes an excellent chicken sandwich.  It comes on a soft bun with homemade pickles on top.  You get a choice of a side - either more pickles or cole slaw.  I mix it up every visit.  They also give you an option on sauces, although I almost always go with their herby ranch.  The sandwich and side should fill you up.

They also sell fried chicken by the half or whole.  Again, sides included.  I think the whole chicken is a bit pricy, but I will again give them credit for how tasty it is, especially hot out of the oven.

Pre-Covid there was plenty of space to eat in and enjoy.  Now, you can still sit in (capacity limited) or pick up without going in (via their window).  I say I end up grabbing food here every two to three weeks, so I think that means I recommend it =P
Fried chicken go-to with several succulent sauces to choose from. 

This review has been waiting. Seriously. Love this fried chicken! Coming from the midwest, they do fried chicken right. We get the whole chicken every time and between the two of us we have leftovers. Our go-to order is the whole chicken, french fries, coleslaw and pickles with chipotle BBQ and ranch sauces on the side. The chicken comes out both crispy and moist every time. The fries are salty and crunchy. And I loooove the pickles. Both the coleslaw and pickles are handmade. Maybe even the sauces. 

Next time: who am I kidding. I'll be ordering the usual!
Yeah. The chicken sandwich has a perfectly crisp, juicy, tasty bird in an dreamy soft bun. Though totally unnecessary, I did enjoy the dipping sauce (I got pepper honey) with the sandwich.
I don't like the pickles--too asazuke.
I definitely stumbled across this place by accident. We were going somewhere else and walked past this place and decided to go in.

We were the only people in there. Not a problem. There was one employee. The menu looked a tad small for me, but i was urged that this chicken was the business.

I opted to get the chicken sandwich and my friend ordered chicken wings . we got a basket of fries to share between the two of us. my total for wings, fries, my sandwich, and three cans of soda was $28.

The pickles, were SO GOOD! My sandwich had the huskiest big of meat on it. I got the honey pepper bbq sauce. 

The guy that worked there was the man. he played poppin music for us!

my sandwich was comparable to a chickfila sandwich. it had the pickles and all of that.

definitely worth a stop by!
We have been anxiously awaiting the opening of this place. We love In Riva, so we had high hopes for their sister restaurant. We were at a small get-together in East Falls and everyone was hungry. So, I suggested we try this place out. We called in our order for pick up. The service was great - we didn't really know how much to get or what to order, but the employees really helped us out with figuring that out. We ordered 2 whole chickens, a few orders of fries, coleslaw, and pickles. 

The chicken was very juicy and tender on the inside and crispy on the outside. Some pieces were boneless, which was a great surprise! The fries were the perfect texture and were seasoned well. The pickles were absolutely delicious - they had the perfect amount of vinegar. The variety of sauce was great - there was pretty much a sauce for everyone. My only critique would be that we needed more sauce for the amount of chicken that we ordered. The coleslaw was the only thing I wasn't a fan of. I am picky with my coleslaw and prefer more of a vinegar based slaw. Overall, I am ecstatic that we now have a great fried chicken place in the neighborhood. I will definitely be back!
Went out and treated myself to a half chicken, hand cut fries and can of soda for $18.  The chicken was delicious although you can't cut a breast in half and tell me it's two pieces of chicken guys.  The fries were perfectly cut and well seasoned.  Many people talked about the large portion size but it seemed regular to me or perhaps I'm just greedy?  Definitely wasn't enough for two in my carry out container.  I chose the black pepper honey sauce and didn't like it much but the chicken was tasty enough to eat on its own.

I'm looking forward to going back to try the chicken tenders and other sauces.
One of the first places I had when I moved to East falls precovid. The fried chicken is so so so crispy and juicy and I fell in love instantly. I had the fried chicken sandwich and was amazed at the size and flavor. Highly recommend if you're in the area. Prices are fair! 

I prefer the sandwich to the tenders. Just my opinion but the chicken quality is there regardless.
Yummy food, hot and fresh, just a tad in the expensive side. Not the larger menu selection but what they do have is delicious.
This spot offers both delivery and pick up during COVID. They follow CDC guidelines of having their customers and employees wear masks and picking up from the window to minimize the amount of people inside.
The chicken sandwich was really big. The fried chicken was twice the size of the bun. It was simple but really good and comforting. The sauce is were you get most of the flavor. 
The half chicken was in 5 different prices. Each price was surprisingly tender and juicy (including the breast meat). The chicken was breaded nicely. It was super crispy! It pair really nicely with the Dijon, Buffalo, or the pepper honey sauce.
Ordered the sandwich sauce on side and the wings sauce on the side. Unfortunately we didn't realize they make their sandwich with globsssss of Mayo on the roll which got all over the chicken..  I tried a small little
Piece of the chicken where the Mayo hadn't been and it was delish! Next time we will be sure to mention NOOO Mayo! The wings are breaded and super crunchy. They were good for breaded wings but I prefer unbreaded wings. Their honey black pepper sauce was out of this world. My friend who never likes Buffalo sauce loved their Buffalo sauce. I on the other hand who use hot sauce with every meal wasn't a huge fan- go figure LOL. Ohh and before I forget, definitely order their fries! They were delicious!! Hand cut and well done! 

Will def be returning here and trying the sandwich and the tenders next!
Artfully prepared fried chicken and quick eats. Great prices, fun (hip) ambiance, and quick service. This is a great addition to East Falls with a ton of room to grow. Also, take out seems to be very popular, however, we decided to eat-in and were very satisfied. All the tables were full, so I could see them expanding the eat-in options as well. BYOB until further notice. 

Arguably the best fried chicken I've had. Clearly they use quality meat and the fried quality was just right it. The hand-cut fries were perfectly crispy and not greasy. The pickles were farmers market quality.

This could become a hot spot in Philly. Check it out if your on a bike ride around the loop or want to try something different in the East Falls, Manyunk, or Germantown neighborhoods. I would also recommend this for feeding several people.
A surprise find. Walking back from InRiva Pizza. 
Had to stop by. 
The smell of fried chicken is unappealing to me. But this!!!  This was something else. 
Got the chicken tenders and hand cut fries. With two sauces. 
OUTSTANDING!  Welcome to Philly-style fried chicken. 
Whenever I have a hankering for the southern foods I can't get easily, and fried chicken in particular, I now have a new favorite. And I'll try the different items on the menu. Yes! THAT good. 
Very well done. Can't go wrong here.

UPDATE. Had to go back. Few drinks at InRiva then Foghorn. This place does not disappoint. Great fried chicken. DAYMN good
We love the food here after recently moving out of town we still try to go back as much as possible. So just found out the took the buffalo chicken sandwich off the menu .... it's a chicken place with 4 things on the menu the last time I was here  why take items away it's simply silly. Then when we called and ordered and customer service was just miserable
Fantastic!!!! Quick delivery (on a Friday night) Great Food. That Pepper honey sauce is phenomenal!!!! Definitely will be reordering from them!
I didn't expect this to be so good! The chicken was flavored to the T! Nice and juicy, exactly how fried chicken should be. I just felt like the chicken was too thick.... Maybe if they flattened it out a little bit more it would've made it worthwhile to me. My jaws were getting tight less than half way through LOL. The customer service was lovely, and the good was quick. Oh yeah, the fries are freaking great!
Been here twice now, looking forward to coming back again. Chicken is seriously good here - both the chicken on the bone and the chicken fingers. Fries are pretty good too. "Sassy" buffalo sauce is garbage though - too hipstery, not sure why they thought they needed to reinvent the wheel with this one. I'll bring my own next time.
Incredible fried chicken-the ranch sauce was a great accompaniment and I loved how the chicken wasn't greasy. For four people one and a half buckets, a sandwich, and an order of fries was the perfect amount of food.
Absolutely rock solid fried chicken. The chicken is heavily breaded and fried to perfection. Insides were juicy and hot. I tried all four sauces and the only one I did not like was the honey based one as it tasted like pure honey. The ranch and Chipotle BBQ were my favorites. The coleslaw was interesting as it had a bit of spice to it. The fries were excellent as well. 

Inside is large with lots of seating but they also do take out which is what I did for lunch. Prices are reasonable as the fries are big enough to easily share. 

I do think they need to add a grilled option at some point though. I like that the menu is simple but I think a grilled chicken option would be the obvious addition. 

I'm sure I'll be back many times.
What a disappointment!  Based on the reviews we expected some really good fried chicken.  Instead we got small, dry, unidentifiable pieces that didn't even add up to half of a chicken.  The Acme in Mount Airy has far, far better fried chicken!
'ey. Y'all been seeing that trend of folk serving chicken wings that are on the skinny, poor, pitiful side? You know what I'm talking about. You get what you think is a full order but then you open up the box and you're like, nah, I didn't order niblet nuggets?!

Well, next time order your wings from Foghorn so you can stop being disappointed. As soon as the sweet young fella workin' that day handed me my bag to-go I knew there was something special in that box. But when I opened it up ten minutes later all piping hot, I did a little cabbage patch dance in my seat. 'Scuse my English, but these is wangs. And for a really solid, good price too.

Fried hard and crispy like I'd expect my grandma or great uncle to break 'em off. Not Korean style (which is an art form all unto itself), these are just what I imagine when someone says chicken wings. Fit in the palm of my hand, evenly seasoned and fried to perfection and just damn succulent. I bit into a flat and had to bib up. 

Like every Super Bowl party that ever shall be should have these on endless platters.

The sauces are homemade and they taste like it. I love and so deeply 'preciate the fact that they come on the side. You'll be glad too. Wait and see. You'll try them and then we'll be like, when I dip you dip we dip! You go get yours 'cause I got mine ...

Anyway, I could taste the herbs in my herby ranch, and someone hand chopped them in there for me. The buffalo had just the right kick and twang. The black pepper honey was my favorite--flavorful and the way the pepper and honey cloaked the seasoned wings was just a beautiful medley. Like Peabo Bryson and Celine Dion doing a duet. Ever just the same. Ever a surprise.

The bleu cheese, which is normally my go-to, was just okay for me, but everything else - including those handcut fries! - was the true embodiment of finger lickin' good.
This place really know what they're doing and they do the chicken right lol. The outside was crispy and not greasy at all. Some spices arouse special aroma. Inside was tender with just right amount. Just make sure to ask for your side and sauce otherwise the staff won't even bother to ask lol. They'll simply give you what's best. Definitely will come back.
I've been here a few times now, and it's definitely one of my favorite local places for lunch. The fried chicken is delicious, and they have some great sauces to choose from. For chicken, you can choose between a sandwich, chicken fingers, or a half/whole chicken depending on your appetite. They've also got homemade pickles (excellent) or coleslaw as a side.

When the weather's nice I like to get a box from them and eat it in the park across the street or along the river. The restaurant itself never seems to be too busy, at least when I've gone, with plenty of room at the counter or tables.
After YEARS of saying "oh let's get something from Foghorn" we finally did and it was delicious! My husband and I split the half chicken plus some salad leftovers and it was enough food for us. The house made pickles are very tasty and the chicken is perfectly seasoned and fried. Looking forward to trying new things on the menu!
I ordered take out 3-4 times now. First of all, the chicken is awesome. The sandwich is small for the price, but it is great. The fries are awesome and the portion is generous. My only complaint about Foghorn is the customer service. There is one worker who would rather watch TV or text then pay attention to the customers, and is cold on the phone and in person. I actually trekked to wishbone instead the last time I was craving fried chicken.
Best fried chicken. Just. Omg. Also if you can grab freshly fried fries too, omg. Foodgasm. 
The skin is very crunchy and not too thick. Always comes out fresh out of the frier. The meat is so juicy that when you first bite into the meat, you might notice the juice trickle down corner of your mouth. 
The sauces in general are all good except black pepper honey. That one is just...plain honey that's been peppered. Fave is green chili sauce that's new. Runner up would be honey mustard or chipotle bbq.
The whole chicken can prob feed 3-4 girls or 2 guys. 
The chicken sandwich is also amazing with soft buns and thick cut of battered chicken breast.
Went there for first time to see what they hype was about. The chicken to me was just okay. I had better. This is my opinion. For people saying its the best probably never been to real soul food places.  The Cole slaw I didn't like. They honey sauce and barbeque sauce was Um ....anyway.....I gave it a try....probably won't be back
Literally the BEST fried chicken I have ever had. The fries were perfect and the pickles were perfect. I did have to drive back for my coleslaw that was forgotten which is why I only gave 4 stars but it was worth it. Absolutely delicious.
Straightforward. To The Point. No BS. Great stuff. Great food. All around served perfectly. Love this joint.
I finally got a chance to stop at Foghorn after numerous times of riding by. I was quickly disturbed by the counter persons unfriendly attitude. I picked up the menu and only saw half & whole chickens along with the sides and sauces. I asked were these wings because it had 5 or 10 pieces and was told no there half or whole chickens. I ordered the half chicken with fries and paid despite his unsavory attitude. I sat at the bar waiting for my order when I noticed a sign that said "finally we have wings".Shocked that he did not offer this information,I ordered the wings also. Upon getting back to work I realized my fries were not in the bag but was not to disappointed because I was not charged for them. It's a shame that the customer service will keep me out this establishment because the food is actually good.
Finally decided on a Sunday night to get some take out from here.  Very simplistic menu...fried chicken.  Thy also have a code sandwich but that's about it.  Sides are cole slaw, pickles and French fries.

Got the chicken sandwich, 5 piece fried chicken and an order of fries.  Fries were old school boardwalk style with the skins on them.  A bit soggy but still good nonetheless.  

The fried chicken came out quick.  Within 10 minute of my online order so I new I had to get there fast.  The 11 minute drive home took longer than to make it.  

The 5 piece was what's up!  The sandwich was a good but there are better options for $9 in this town that comes with fries.  In retrospect should have gotten the wings or another 5 piece or even the tenders.  

I will say the dipping sauces stole the show.  We ordered 4: buffalo, black honey, honey Dijon and bbq chipotle.  They were all amazing wish I had more.
Excellent fried chicken...and that is all they serve.  Plus fries and cole slaw.  They make their own pickle slices which are fantastic.  I love fried chicken and have experimented with a dozen different recipes.  This place makes the best commercial fried chicken in the city.  I look forward to a bit more breadth in the menu and possibly a spicy version as well.
Excited to see this place open in the neighborhood.  
Ordered some take out for lunch, the service was great and it took no time for the food to be ready.  The chicken is awesome, has great flavor, very moist with a really nice crispy and flavorful breading.  The chicken sandwich was also great, a giant sized piece of chicken.  The side dipping sauces are good and the house pickles are also good.  The only negative was that out of the 4 orders of a half chicken (5 pieces), the sizes and types in the different orders were very inconsistent.  One order had very small parts and another had huge parts.
I thought the chicken was delicious! I'm hoping they expand the menu a bit once they get situated. It's pretty limited right now. I would be great if they had more variety in beverages as well. They only have soda and bottled water. The water was not on display and I didn't know they served it until after I placed my order.

** just found out its BYOB
Pretty solid chicken, the breading is well seasoned and has a nice crunch to it.  The fries were good, but could have used a touch of salt right after coming out of the fryer. It would be great if they had an option to get just wings like the well known chicken and donut restaurant closer to center city. My only knock against this place would be that I found some chicken skin still attached under the breading of the thigh in my order. Overall a solid addition to East Falls and I will definitely be going back.
It's my wife's birthday and she had Foghorn on her "to try" list for a while.
So we head off and get this lady her chicken.
First good sign, super easy to find and we found a spot out front.
Next good sign after the very friendly guy took our order our food came out.
I first tried the most perfect looking wing, sure it looked good but the breading and
seasonings were so perfect. The meat was super moist.

I tore into a piece from the half chicken,it was moist & flavorful. I tasted a difference
in breading and asked the guy, the wings use a eggless batter while the other uses a egg batter. Also the half chicken gets double coated. I was surprised of how much I loved the wings, for me it's tough to find a perfect specimen. Found it I did. We chose to have the sauces on the side. I like to taste the chicken on it's own first. Plus I can dip it between all the sauces.

They make the slaw and pickles in house and both were very tasty. I usually only like
dill pickles, but the slight sweetness of the pickle was perfect.
Fries,as simple as they are can be messed up so easily. Not here. Crunchy and fluffy inside. Salted to a balance of perfection. My only regret was not coming here long ago
when the wife first spotted it, well CLUCK ME. We will most certainly be back real soon.
I really can't think of a better fried chicken. Thanks Foghorn I really enjoyed eating your
bird.

8/20/17 UPDATE
They added new items to the menu so we needed to stop back.
Got the wings again of course and still outstanding. 
But the new tenders really were a big surprise. Thick and moist with the 
outstanding breading. Loved them just as much as the wings.
The shrimp were good but not as impressive as I hoped.
Still love it here and will continue to come back
Got a take out order of half n whole chicken. Had the herby ranch, chipotle BBQ and honey Dijon dips. All were amazing. Had the coleslaw which was delicious. The house made pickles were not my favorite only because I do not like sweet (bread n butter) pickles. The chicken was the best fried chicken I have ever had! All that ate it (about 6 of us) agreed. So tender. Very juicy. Crunchy. This was also more of a snack for us at work. 
Highly recommend you go there to eat!
A nice little spot. I got the fried chicken. The ranch dip was flavorful. The service was quick. (takeout). The chicken was good, though I've had better. But it did the trick. I would return.
After reading all the reviews I had to finally try this place . Let's say it exceeded my expectations . I ordered a few things and enjoyed the chicken fingers the best .  They were so tender and juicy with the perfect amount of breading . Wings were amazing too and they have a variety of amazing sauces to choose from that just enhance the flavor even more . One thing I loved is that the food wasn't overly seasoned or salted to the point it no longer taste good . It was perfectly seasoned ! Even though fries were a little dry this place gets 5 stars because it's the best chicken I've ever tasted . I'm Convinced that anyone who left a one star review is secretly competition rating  lol because there's no way it's even possible to rate this place low
The chicken and the sauces are delicious. The pickles are pretty bombdigity too! Very tasty and flavorful. We always order take out. I highly recommend.
Absolutely delicious. Fresh. Fast. Perfect. 

Was really looking forward to trying Love and Honey, and totally disappointed that their caviar delivery service app made me create a whole account, put in my payment only to find out they didn't deliver. 

However, foghorn came up on yelp and saved the day. My husband and son both got tenders and I got fried shrimp. 2 orders of fries were WAY more than enough for all of us. Totally awesome find!
We ordered through Grub hub because the site would not accept our address for delivery. The order came quickly and was still hot and crispy. We liked the fried chicken and my son had the chicken tenders. The fries were great. We liked the herby ranch sauce.  We found the cole slaw well made but both it, and the honey dijon, too hot for our taste. All in all, a good experience.
Chicken is good, but I feel they should have more option, ie, purchase orders in increments of 5. 10,15 or 20 wings.   Also, would be nice if u could order all flats or all drum sticks, even if you pay a bit extra.
Stopped by East Falls this afternoon to try Foghorn for the first time.

It was AMAZING!  I didn't eat in the restaurant, but even after waiting about a half hour to get home and crack open the carry-out container, I was impressed at the freshness of the food!  The crispy and perfectly seasoned breading was full of flavor.  They offer a choice of five dipping sauces, and I selected the Chipotle BBQ and the Ranch...both added a whole new dimension to the flavor, withour overpowering the flavor of the deep-fried breading.

Prices were extremely fair, and the food was way better than I had even hoped.  Looking forward to becoming a regular here!
I am NOT a huge fan of eating chicken. 



This place blew my mind though. I just recently moved from LA to Philly. So when my coworkers told me that this place was heaven, I had to try it. I was not disappointed. Maybe because I just don't know what real fried chicken should taste like, but this place really set the bar for me. How can something this simple taste SO delicious?! 

I got their chicken sandwich with a side of pickles. My word even the pickles tasted great! 

Will definitely come back here.
Being a huge fan of In Riva and fried chicken anything, I had to try out Foghorn and see if it's a combination of those two worlds. I ordered the chicken sandwich with a side of ranch, housemade pickles, and fries. My order came out within ten minutes and it was heavenly. Firstly, it is a hefty portion of fried chicken. Think of the cartoon Foghorn. Remember how robust he was? Well, it's definitely the muse for their fried chicken. 
The breading was well seasoned and crisp to perfection, without compromising the moistness and tenderness of the meat. I would say that the breading to meat ratio is 3:7. There's also mayo and pickles in the sandwich, which adds a bit of airiness to it. The sandwich already has a perfect flavor so I hardly used my ranch sauce. The pickles were probably the best pickles I've had in a while - tangy, a little sweet, and a sprinkle of mustard seeds. The fries were of sharing size but were forgettable. 

Ambience is very vibrant and a little too cartoony for my taste (but this is probably what they're going for). Yes, I know it's a fried chicken shop and not a Michelin star restaurant (or In Riva) but the vibe here just throws me off. 

Foghorn is the fried chicken shop Philly has been in dire need of and I'm lucky enough for it to be in my neighborhood.
This might be the best chicken sandwich i've ever had! Tons of sauce choices too! 

This might be the best chicken sandwich i've ever had! Tons of sauce choices too!
Their chicken tenders are off the chain! I am typically not a tenders person, but theirs are really great! What makes them even better is their sauce! They really have the whole chicken thing down to a science.
At this point, I have tried the entire Foghorn menu and hot damn! Their chicken is good stuff!

The unassuming storefront could easily be overlooked by a passerby with a rather plain appearance. Walk in and take a seat at a booth, or the refurbished bar. Tiny chicken figurines add a kitschy touch. 

The menu is simple. Chicken, fries, pickles and sauces. The chicken is divided into subcategories: wings, sandwiches and whole or half chickens. They are all fried. The batter is crispy and well seasoned. The chicken arrives hot and juicy within minutes of being ordered. The pickles have a distinct bite from the mustard seeds and cut through the saltiness of the chicken.

Pro tip: slather or dunk your chicken in the delectable housemade sauces. I'm keen on the Herb Ranch and Pepper Honey, but the others are equally stellar. 

The food is cheap and fast. It's simple, and less complicated than swiping on Tinder. In fact, you should meet all of your Tinder dates here. You can dine-in or take-out. BYOB or drink some tasty sodas. What more could you ask for?
Quoting Foghorn Leghorn
I say I say I say 
Excellent chicken wings. Will be coming back soon. Looking forward to trying the chicken sandwich along with the cod
One of the best fried chicken places I've had, and certainly the best in the area for my money.  At a family picnic, we did a blind taste test with 4 other locations and this was the clear winner.  My only knocks are the sides were surprisingly small and we did have to wait a bit, even after ordering ahead.  Would highly recommend.
There chicken sandwich is AWESOME. The chicken tenders are also really good but ask for extra sauce they don't give you enough.
Flavorless, seasonless Fried Chicken. The exterior was very crispy and breaded perfectly and the chicken was fine, but overall the chicken had no seasoning or flavor whatsoever. The fries were pretty good and the coleslaw was also pretty good. The price was a little on the expensive side but I expect that for a chicken establishment in East Falls, Manayunk section of Philadelphia. The atmosphere inside was pretty chill but once again bring a bottle of hot sauce or something because you're going to need it at foghorn chicken.
Maaaaan the aroma alone will have you craving more. Small establishment BIG flavor! 

10 piece wings were fried perfectly. Crispy skin and juicy meat! I hate that it took me this long to try Foghorn.

Fun fact : I'm a French fry connoisseur LOL and Foghorn gets 5+ stars in the fry category!!

Sauces were just ok, tried the herby ranch, honey Dijon and sassy buffalo. I listed them from most liked to blah 

Definitely will return, service was quick and I know they clean because it smelled like fabuloso lol 

Pickles are pretty impressive however hella expensive at $3 for a tiny container

Trust me if you're taking it to go it will take literally everything in you not to eat a piece en route. Go. Enjoy.
