I've always considered myself to be better than homeless people.  

The list of my superiorities is so extensive that I almost don't even know where to start.  My style is more sophisticated, my palate is more refined, my book collection is more impressive, my hygiene is far superior, and, most obviously, I have an actual home.  

Last Friday, as I was leap-frogging over a bum who had the gall to lay lengthwise across the sidewalk, I found myself marveling at the extreme disparity between my fabulousness and his patheticness.  How could two of God's children, cut from the same cloth, be so damn different?  

I'm generally not one for comparative analysis, but let's call a spade a spade.  It's fairly evident that I'm far more advanced than my shoeless brethren and, as a result, I've never found us to have much in common.  

Well, that's all changed with the arrival of this lovely Spring weather.  

Turns out, we share a deep-seated passion for one of the greatest hobbies ever invented.  

Drinking in the park.  

I love it.  For my life, it doesn't get any better than to gather with friends in Rittenhouse to drink beers out of paper cups, catch some rays, and have some laughs.  This has gradually become something of a Sunday tradition.  There's literally no greater way to reclaim the weekend and ensure maximum utilization of your meager 48 hours of freedom.

When we're hankering for cold, crisp brews in the park on a warm, sunny day, we always go to Food and Friends to select from their spectacular collection of beers.  While the options tend to run on the pricey side, it's all well worth it.  As the gray-heads are wont to say, you get what you pay for.  

While I don't mind spending nearly $4 for a Flying Dog Double Dog Double Pale Ale (11.4% ABV), it does render the price of a six pack exorbitant and I understand that most people don't want to lace it out in this fashion.  Given the downtrodden state of our economy, I know that everyone's looking for a deal and, in my opinion, the best buy currently running at Food and Friends is Old Dominion's Spring Buck Blonde Ale.  With 7.8% ABV, tremendous taste, and a price tag of a mere $2.19 per bottle, you can't beat it.

So despite my initial speculation, it would appear that I do share something with the shiftless lay-abouts running rampant in Rittenhouse.  And while I may opt for the North Coast Brewing Company's Pranqster Belgian Style Golden Ale (7.6% ABV) instead of a plastic pint of Bankers' Club, our intent is clearly the same...to enjoy the weather, take the edge off, and bask in the heart-warming glow of our fellow man.
Food and Friends is like a convenience store dressed in formal attire. And although I'm usually trying to run and run out in a hurry, I always find myself slowing down to peruse all of the goodies they've got stocked. Think: every spur-of-the-moment desire with good taste in mind.

They brew and sell bags of La Colombe, their fresh fruit salads are cut and packed with pride, they've got a few sushi rolls to-go, and a small but serviceable cheese case. They even offer all-natural and organic snacks and drinks along with the other big brand names. There's an enviable beer selection, too.  You can grab one, but you're rewarded with a 10% discount when you mix six.

Quick Tip: $10 credit card minimum
OK I split the difference and gave 3 stars.  here's why:

Food selection - 5 stars
Beer selection - 5 stars
Food quality - 4 stars
Service - 1 star
Prices - 1 star - soooooo expensive!
Cashiers are rude and inconsiderate.

I dropped over $50 on random groceries and they rang it up incorrectly and swiped my card.  They then asked me to pay for the 2 items they forgot to ring up in cash.

It was a nightmare.  I basically spent $54 on a dozen eggs, an apple, an orange, a bowl of cut fruit, a chef salad, a turkey wrap, some hummus, a quart of OJ, 2 boxes of raspberries, a container of mixed nuts, a container of dried apricots, a package of sliced organic cheese.

$54!  Ack!!!!!  For one small bag of groceries.

That said - I am glad they were there when I needed them.  I paid the price for the convenience.  And for organic.
If you have wondered into Food and Friends a second time, it's because of the beer and your low self esteem issues. And if you are there for the beer, it's because you don't live near a Wegmans or another store with a vast beer selection that's cheaper. 

There I said it: they have a great beer selection, but expensive. I doubt you are there for anything else because the whole place is pricey and the clerks are arrogant. 

I came in here to buy a bottle Guinness and cream. I wasn't paying attention when I paid $9 cash for it. The bottle of Guinness is less than $4 so that means that I paid $5 for a pint of cream. The cashier didn't give me a receipt and rather than giving me back my change put it instead in the change jar next to the register. 

So I'm not going in there anymore.
Food and Friends. 
...That's a fair description, but allow me to elaborate. 
The handsome boys and lovely Russian girls that work there are always a pick-me-up, playing some of the best obscure DJ mixes I have heard in recent. I've walked away from there with as many music tips as groceries. I have to admit - there HAVE been times when I've stretched out my shopping experience just to listen and groove in the aisles when I think no one is looking. (I'm sure SOMEone is watching on a security monitor, laughing, but, you know - living in ignorance is much more fun.)
            The produce selection is limited, but ultra fresh, high-quality, consistent, and cheap. When I say cheap, I mean on par with Reading Terminal for many things. And certain batches of produce that the owner is able to get his hands on runs at special until all the units are gone. During blueberry season, the owner struck a deal with a local Jersey farmer and ran a 2 for $3 pint special for 2 weeks. Now he has a full pint of raspberries going for 4.99. THAT'S incredible. 
           They have a vegetarian's dream selection, both in grocery and in prepared foods. Vegan S'more's? Veggie Pad Thai? Veggie Tuna Sub? Coconut ice cream, gluten-free stuff, sugar-free stuff, even organic cat food.  They have some really obscure products I can't get anywhere else in the city, a full cheese section with veggie and fat free cheeses, and a beer selection that rivals the Foodery. Their product knowledge of alcohol and local microbrews is as impressive, so for a non-drinker with many questions, I always feel confident in their suggestions and tips. They also offer a 10% discount on any six-pack mix-and-match, which makes for a really nice tasting party at a small get together. But for a non-drinker? Their coffee is fantastic. They brew La Colombe, which in itself is a blase ho hum fact, but their coffeemaker is top-notch and I always can get a great cup. And if it's late in the evening, they'll rebrew a whole pot for me. Just because. 
          The reasons to go here are plenty, but here's the deal sealer: open til Midnight every day. During the insano blizzard this past winter, they were open. During any holiday? They are open. I think the kids sleep there. Well, they DID put in seating on the side of the store. Food and Friends is my ace in the hole when I know everywhere else is closed, and 7-Eleven just won't do. Besides, who doesn't like to dance while shopping?
And now they have BEER?!?!  

There really is no reason to go anywhere else.  

Except maybe Trader Joes to get dog food.
Hands down the best bodega in all of Philadelphia, and I'm not just saying that because of Taryn Paper being in the house!

Honestly though when it comes down to every single bodega in Philadelphia, Food & Friends might just be the closest to leaving that West Coast dream. And even though the fact that it isn't that sufficiently stocked with meat prevents me from full on grocery shopping, I might be able to get by if I was living the veggie dream and pick up a six pack in the process!

And while we're at it we may as well cover those immaculate six packs of the gods. Foodery who? Grant it while the big F easily hooks up more variety the coolers of F&F almost manage to rival them while offering significantly better prices, and giving you the chance to pick up some cranberry chicken salad and kombucha to snack on!
Discount when you mix
Open late for more than beer
Staying in in style

With the variety of places where one might pick up a mixed sixer and a small bite to eat, Food & Friends stands out. They're open until midnight most nights, and have as good a selection as The Foodery, and certainly better than the closer Omega. They have a decent variety, and when you buy six you get a good discount on everything.

Another thing setting F&F apart is that  that they actually put the price for a single bottle, right there on the shelf instead of in some obscure book or nowhere to be found. It helps in picking out a good selection and keeping costs down. It's also convenient that the mid to low priced bottles are in the middle shelves instead of hidden up top.

While you won't see anything in the way of fast food here (read: there's no grill in the back), you can pick up a ton of good stuff, from chips and dip to a selection of cheese and fresh fruit. I've gone in here before and gotten all the ingredients for a gruyere and tomato grilled cheese on cracked wheat bread. And a six pack of course. I love going here when I want a beer and a bite, but don't want to sidle up to a bar.

There is, of course, the fact that they charge a little more than I'd like to pay for some things (notably food, but a few individual beers too,) but it's not outrageous. I am okay with it as a trade off for the convenience of being able to do a little grocery shopping for a few small things while I'm out grabbing some good beer.

On a note unrelated to anything consumable, I've noticed that every time I go here and spend some time picking out a sixer, there's always really good music on. Last time it was Timbaland's 'Shock Value.'
There are plenty of overpriced convenience stores in Rittenhouse, but there used to something that set Food & Friends apart: the music. 

You walk in, peruse the isles, and hear a song you've never heard before. When you get to the counter, you ask the cashier, "who's this?" They tell you and you have this gift to take with you - a rabbit hole to go down - until you come back and the process repeats. This used to be one of the reasons I loved living where I do. 

It's not like this anymore. Smash Mouth actually plays through the speakers now - and other corporate shill-bands, reflecting not the tastes of the tastes of your younger, more forward-looking cashiers but some watered-down appeasement to the wannabe city folks who will eventually raise their children in the quiet, disinfected suburbs. 

PLEASE give the music back to your employees. Then, I may feel better about paying your obscene prices. Perhaps else, a walk to Target starts to seem just as well - at least then I know that I'm being sold a bill of goods.
My boyfriend kept telling about the new mini grocery store that opened on the corner of 20th and Spruce for a long time now and for some reason never took a minute to go check it out. We usually have to walk about 10 blocks for good food shopping such as Whole Foods Market. Sometimes Rittenhouse Square Market -- but their prices are ridiculous for the most part. 

Well, I finally went in a few weeks ago in search of something to hydrate me in the crazy humidity. It's such a plain and unattractive building from the outside, but once inside, you may call it love at first sight. I was instantly smitten and I come to shop there at least three times a week. They have a lot of what I would normally find at Whole Foods, and some are actually cheaper than Whole Foods, so it's quite a treat really. Their selection of snacks and sweets make me fee like I'm 12 again because there's a lot of Asian supermarket goodies that absolutely love. They also have a great selection of cold drinks. They also have a small section by the register for coffee and bagels and the like. So, if you need a morning pick me  up, here is another place to consider. They also have good deals on produce on most days. They take credit cards if you spend over $10. 

It's definitely a must-see little grocery store with a nice fresh and modern feel to it. I'm definitely in love.
Some of the cashiers are nice and some of them are well not nice. they need to drop their ten dollar minimum to 5 bucks. This practice is illegal in general. Regardless my bill was 9.06 and she pestered me to buy something else and luckily I have balls. I'm moving next week and not walking three blocks to this cornerstore!
I live so close to food and friends it is dangerous. Dangerous for both my wallet, liver, and sweet tooth. 

I have a love hate relationship with food and friends, but recently the relationship has been more on the side of love. I've generally lived within a few blocks of this place since it was redone back in 2007? 2008? In those years it really has only gotten better. They still have the ten buck rule, but so does everyone. They still have great deals of blueberries or strawberries. Tonight it was strawberries for 2.99. The blueberries are great in season, they are fresh from Hammonton. I can tell. I was a reigning blueberry princess thank you very much. My uncle also owns a blueberry farm. I generally do not have to buy blueberries, but when I'm running low...this is my go to spot. 

Beer. If they don't have it, talk to the cashier, they might get it in. However, seriously if they don't have it, chances are you don't want it. This is some of the best edited/curated beer selection this side of Broad. I wouldn't buy elsewhere unless I was in a random pizza place and I would still say nah lets wait till we get to food and friends. 

Non-alcholic beverages. Will you stop teasing me! First you carry Rob's really good chocolate tea and the red hibiscus, then you stop and never get it again. First you have the small bottle of jingya and then jingya stops making it in those cute small bottles i turn into terrariums. However, you have enough interesting variations of non-beer to keep me pleasantly hydrated. 

BRITISH CANDY. Are you out of your minds? Do you want me to break in here after midnight when I'm craving malteasers? Seriously if you start carrying the different flavored maltase's expect clingy girlfriend behavior .... I warned you. The candy selection in here is dangerous. I have a serious candy problem. I mean they have every kind of haribo and then some, every effin kind of ritter sport....nougat and cornflake being my favorites, and gazillions of variations of chocolate, belgian, british, german, dutch, french, crap. 

Tates cookies. Sometimes on sale. Again lethal. Thank you for never putting the choc chip with walnut on sale. My girlish figure thanks you. 

Sales on yogi teas, honey and nutella? Are you stalking my pantry? 

Plus the music. Some of my favorite new tunes have come from me asking the guys what they are playing. 

So yes they carry food and yes they are my friend, more like frenemy sometimes.
I don't have a ton to say about Food & Friends. It's expensive so I don't usually buy much here unless it's just out of convenience on my walk home.

I'm writing this review for people like myself who don't understand that wine & beer cannot be sold in the same store in pennsylvania. It is so inconvenient. 

So when you read the description of the store that says "beer, wine & spirits"...it's wrong. They only sell beer.
I really liked this place. They have a good variety of beers to choose from including some local Philadelphia brews as well as most Omegangs (which I'm a fan of). The staff is really nice and very helpful when looking for some guidance on what to get. This is definitely my kind of store and I think it would be for most people too. Good service, good selection, and good quality. Not much more to ask for.
Food & Friends always comes through for me.  I am so comforted to know that I can pick up any of my (non-essential but extremely important) staples (sugar-free almond milk, seaweed wraps, avocado, Yuengling) during most of my waking hours (including Christmas!!!)  This means the world to me as I often crave strange things that I don't have in the fridge on Christmas day.  

Their prices are affordable considering the neighborhood and convenience. Sometimes produce is even cheap!
This store is great. It is particularly phenomenal if you have lived in the neighborhood for a while and remember what used to be in this spot! 

They have a great beer selection which allows you to buy singles of a ton of beers you wouldn't normally find in this area without travelling to say Foodery. The fruit and cheese selection is really great and the fruit salad they make (while a bit overpriced) is out of this world! Although the prices are a bit steep (it is Ritt Square people) the products are great and it is usually my after work "what the heck am I making for dinner" spot over the brutally expensive Rittenhouse Market or the less exciting South Street Market. 

All in all, this is a great little market for everything from unique cheeses and beers to funky pastas and organic potato chips.
Close to home, great hours, awesome people, and yeah a decent beer selection.  Place is super clean.  Prices are reasonable on most things but some products are marked up a bit.  Usually random stuff like shampoo.  I have to say I pretty much stop here on a daily basis and I love it.
A MAC machine in the rear of this very clean convenience store, as well as a healthy beer selection for when you arrive unprepared to Audrey Claire, or any other local BYOB (and when you are too lazy to walk to the wine & spirits at 19th and Chestnut). 

Tasty foodstuffs that veer towards the higher end side of the scale, rather than economy buy. 

Pleasant employees who actually care to help you when you are in need

And, most importantly, a proper selection of candy. Yes, most of it is chocolate and European, but the Haribo gummy racks make up for any loss you may feel over no Starbursts or Dots; Rattle-Snakes, Alphabet Letters, Raspberries, Gold-Bears, Twin Cherries, Sour S'ghetti, Wheels, Bloxx, Peaches.... it goes on and on, and Emmett loooves Haribo
The name of this place: lame.  The selection and prices of this place: awesome.

I've walked past the (as Cindy C. notes) non-existent signage on Spruce repeatedly and, glimpsing the fine selection of Rittersport chocolate on the shelves, considered going in on several occasions.  Today it was the "Raspberries, 2 for $3" sign that sealed the deal.  How happy was I to see the promised raspberries AND blackberries for $2.  The same thing at Whole Foods would probably set me back twice that...

Anyway, my little canvas bag was already full of bread from Metropolitan Bakery, so I didn't want to buy much.  But from what I saw this place has a great selection of random foodstuffs at fairly reasonable prices.  They have a little cooler of cheese and sandwich meats, produce, hummus, dried goods, the works.  I suspect this is going to become a regular stop during dog walks to Rittenhouse.
For groceries and simple items, this is a decent upscale bodega.  Prices are going to be higher than in a grocery, but that's to be expected with the great location. Where this place really shines in is their beer selection. It's rare to find a bottle shop in downtown Philly. It's even rarer to have this great of a selection. If you are in the mood to explore some new beers, or find a favorite obscure bottle, this is a good place to go. One caveat, though. the pricing is very oddball. Some things are great values, and others are hightly overpriced. There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to it.
The description of this business says 'wine' but they don't sell any in their store. Update your listing, please. 2 stars because your employees were super apologetic and friendly.
Why does this neighborhood store deserve 5 stars?

*Freshest cut fruit in town! Each piece fresh and is the right size. Much better, tastier, fresher than Whole Foods cut fruits.
*Amazing selection of organic, vegan, fresh prepared foods. I love the Buckwheat Sobu noodles. 
*Great selection of organic and exotic fruits, cheeses, and beer for its size
*Nice selection of ice creams and really good cookies 
*Good coffee selection

The list goes on and on, but the above come to mind first. Overall, it's an amazing neighborhood store for those who value organic and hand-picked selection of food goods.
Great food selection, friendly employees and AMAZING beer selection! I honestly have nothing bad to say about this place and find myself going in there constantly even when I don't "need" a thing .
This place has been open about a month and I now find myself stopping in a couple times a week for incredibly fresh (and fairly priced) produce and hard-to-find grocery items like Sahale almonds, Peace Valley cereal, and Popcorn Indiana Kettlecorn.  Amazingly, from Tostitos Chips to Hari-bo candy, Food & Friends manages to stock all the basics was well as niche brands in an rather compact yet uncluttered space.  
When it comes to grocery shopping, I'm what some call a "cherry-picker."  I'm picky with what I get, and go to multiple stores every week to get a couple specific items from each... i.e. Sue's for mangoes, mushrooms and fresh mozzarella, Whole Foods for yogurt, clifkids bars and coconut water,  Trader Joe's for bread and cheese and edemame...you get the idea.  Food  & Friends has quickly become a routine stop for me in the neighborhood as they're OPEN UNTIL ("about") MIDNIGHT EVERY NIGHT!!  Most other businesses in the area, including the much more expensive Rittenhouse Market two blocks away, don't open past 10.  
This place is an indispensable addition to the neighborhood!
FYI:  It's on the Northeast corner of 20th and Spruce, but there's not much signage on the Spruce St facade so just look for the white building with large tinted windows at the end of the block.
Just a shout out to food and friends.

Thank you so much for enabling the hubs and me to enjoy a midnight snack of beef jerkey and  marzipan ritter sport in bed. 

xo
This is a beautiful space - the dark wood, floor to ceiling shelves of food seemed so warm and inviting when you've stumbled in out of a blizzard. My first visit was during the recent snowstorm and I couldn't have walked into a more convenient and joy-inducing place during what looked to be a totally destroyed weekend. After rummaging around in the food section (Trader Joe's had been cleaned out so we tied up all of our loose ends here!), we ventured into the west wing - i.e. the beer coolers.  

(They had Smuttynose. I was sold. )

My friend and I gathered up our foodies and our beeries and brought them to the cashier.  After informing me that I had made the wrong choices in beer and redirecting me to an option that he was sure I'd be happy with, we finally cashed out and jumped back into the snow.  After the long trek home, bearing a new snow shovel, rock salt, several bags of groceries, several scary movies, and a bag of beer, we were tired, cranky, and in need of tacos and beer.

Friend-from-Food&Friends, 
    Your beer choice made me weep.  Yes, I was excessively pleased.  If I were a boy-kissing type of girl, I would come over there and plant a big wet one on your beardy face.  Since I'm not, I will praise you from afar and possibly, stop in from time to time to fake smile and laugh. You made my blizzard.
     Love always,
Liza
If you remember Kitchen USA, the previous incarnation of this location, you'll know that anything would be an improvement aesthetically. F&F is beyond beautiful, a well designed comfortable mid-sized shop. I had avoided "Kitchen" for most of a year because it looked so funky from the outside, but once I crossed the threshold I found a cornucopia of packaged food and beer. I really came to like it, a cheap corner store with a good little grill. It surprised me that I was sad to see it go.

Enter F&F-open for a week or so now it has definitely changed a lot from my old standby. It's slick, clean, atmospherically lit, and has produce, something I never even noticed at Kitchen. It's product offerings seem a little more sophisticated too. Essentially it's like a huge Maxx's--the produce store around the corner, but with a big fancy looking beer cooler, which was still empty the last time I was in. The staff seems nice and the prices don't seem outrageous, so I'll keep going in. It reflects the ever-changing city, with the old crusty Philly being replaced by a newer smoother version of itself. With that said, the upper floors of the building do look as though they could collapse, so be carefull.
Is not a bodega.

No bodega has ever had a selection of beer like this.

No bodega stocks such fancy foodstuffs.

No bodega I've ever been to carries British candy bars.

I like this place better than most bodegas I've been to.

Don't think they have naked lady lighters.
I walk past here on my way home from work.  It's a great corner store.  The items are a bit pricey, but it's a lot of organic/natural stuff so that's to be expected.  They occasionally have some good sales, currently 2 for $3 blueberries.

The beer selection is great.  Sometimes I pick six, but other times I might just grab one for immediate consumption when I get home, if its one of those days.  Glad I don't have to go all the way to The Foodery for my mix and match fix.  The prices are right there so you won't be suprised at the cash register.  They have great music, and the people who work there are friendly.
I love the "build your own six-pack"...they have the greatest variety of beer. ever. I love the staff because there is that one guy with the glasses (and I'm so ashamed that we're not on a first-name basis yet) who always likes to discuss the beers you're buying and why they're so great. I love that they play AWESOME MUSIC ALL THE TIME. And in addition to that awesome guy with the glasses, the rest of the staff is awesome as well. I love that they have all kinds of great candies and sweet stuff (for those of us blessed with constant, ridiculous sweet tooth) that you can't really find anywhere else in Rittenhouse. 
In the summer, sometimes they sell two packs (plastic...trays....?) of blueberries for THREE FREAKIN' DOLLARS. SO.CHEAP. 
Put it this way, I have about six convenience stores between my house and Food and Friends. I go to Food and Friends 9 times out of 10.
This place is great. It is super clean and convenient. I love the wood floors. They have a large selection of fruit, beverages, and beer. You can also get sandwiches, and thy have tables where you can sit. 
It is located in a great neighborhood, and I prefer it to the other options. It's kind of like a mix between Foodery and Wawa with nicer decor.
Food and friends in one word = over priced. They charge more than any other grocery store around town. The yogurt I like is a dollar more than at Rittenhouse Market and the produce and customer service are 100x better at Maxx's Produce on the next block. 

Only two reasons to come here are if all other options are closed OR if you are looking for beer, because they have a great selection. 

FYI they have a $10 credit minimum
This place rocks my face off! Great beer selection. Pretty solid produce for being a mini-mart. Very well kept. Good prices. Food and Friends, you are flippin fabulous!!

Try their raspberry fig bars--they're dyno-mighty delish.
Become a staple of mine after working a few blocks up at 1500 Spring Garden since the spring.   My perspective:

Pros:
- Hours at this place are great.  One of the few places open late (until midnight during the week and Saturdays) in the neighborhood besides the 7-11. 
- Fresh, local produce that is high quality and not very expensive.  As good if not better than local produce places.  For example, they have local apples on sale this week for $1.29/pound which is quite reasonable especially in the city.  Very similar reasonable prices on other seasonal items including NJ blueberries this summer.  
- Wide selection of items including some pretty exotic produce items.  
- Mix & match on a 6-back with a really wide selection of beers.
- Vegans and vegetarians are cratered to and well-served with a wide range of selections. 
- Great coffee.  
- Very clean and well run.

Cons:
- Prepared foods tend to be a bit pricier than a larger grocery store.  At least 10-15% more.  Ditto on other staples especially milk and eggs.  
- Mediocre smoothies that are pricey.
- $10 minimum for credit card purchases but I understand why they do this because the credit card processors (Mastercard and Visa) charge ludicrous  fees to small businesses.  Often can cost them at least $.50-$.75 in fees in transactions under $10 and completely wipes out any profit margin for the business.  Large retailers like WalMart don't tolerate this kind of nonsense but the little guys don't have much choice.
- 'Jekyll and Hyde' staff that ranges from incredibly friendly to down right rude.  
  
Verdict:
- A place that obviously caters to a fairly affluent local customer base that includes its share of foodies and vegans/vegetarians.  Does a good job of doing it too in terms of their overall service and selection.   Isn't a place I would do grocery shopping at but good for select items and general snacking.
I'm a big fan of places like Food and Friends, stop in and get exactly what you need, including single beers or build your own 6 packs.  They are open late, even on Sundays (which is quite helpful when you forgot that all other liquor or beer stores are either closed on Sunday or pack it in around 4:00).   
It is clean and the people there are friendly.  They appear to be very wells stocked with snacks, some groceries including produce and other needs.  In fact their selection is pretty vast for a smaller store.  Most importantly there are numerous kinds of any beer you would want from the special micro-brew to a simple Miller Lite.  The prices are a little high but you're definitely paying for the convenience factor and that's fine by me.
I love this place because it is clean, everyone is friendly and the goods are reasonably priced. And because it is open til midnight. When it starts selling beer, I may move in. I stop in a few times a week for fresh fruit and veggies, a cold drink, sandwich meat/bread, and other random stuff and usually leave very happy. Welcome to the neighborhood!
This place has such an amazing beer selection!  I cleaned them out of their Southern Tier Pumpking the other night.  I ended up buying their last four bottles, so they hooked me up with a 10% discount.  The staff here is very friendly and knowledgable.  I love bringing my family rare beers to share during the holiday season, so I'll definitely be back to see what else I can get my hands on!
Our go-to place for late night treats. I hold on to cash during the day just so I can buy myself a soda water from here later in the evening (10 dollah minimum unless you're nice).  The music is fab electronica and the staff are friendly.  The beer selection is hands down the best around (check out their large array of pumpkin ales at the mo) and they carry the AMAZING HARIBO SOUR WORMS. (Shoot, now they'll run out of them even more often). I sometimes take a stroll through the aisles to erode my wanderlust via admiration of commodities cloaked in exotic (European) packaging. Now that I think of it, perhaps if I cut Food and Friends out of my schedule, I'd save up for that vacation much more quickly (things are a tad overpriced). Somehow, though, I keep going back. It's the closest thing a poor grad student can find to a spa experience. 

*They also carry Dunhill cigarette varieties, which are relatively difficult to find. I buy them because I smoked them when I lived in southern Africa. I do pay a steep price for that puff of nostalgia, but if you're tired of Parliaments and Camels, you know where to go.
A step up from every other convenience store I've been to in the city.  Carries most of what I'd get at the grocery store except for meat.  Kind of like a mini Whole Foods.

Excellent beer selection. Not as expansive/exotic as the Foodery, but it's head and shoulders above anywhere else in the immediate area.

Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the prices are pretty high.  Especially on stuff like TP and paper towels, which are so overpriced it's laughable.
I haven't bothered to revisit my review of Food and Friends until now as a recent comment on the previous review pushed it to the front of my mind. I do revisit the store a couple of times a week however. It's settled in pretty well, and as one could expect prices went up to match the neighborhood standards. They had great sandwiches for a week or two, but when I asked about them I was told that they were going to start making them again in a nebulous future reality (or something like that). Often though when I look around the corner down the deli seating aisle the tables are pretty much covered with boxes and such, from unpacking orders I suppose, otherwise clean, and still nice and comfortable. The staff is fairly good too. The prepared foods they do have, salads and fruit and such look pretty good. 

And they have had beer for quite some time now, which was an exciting prospect that I had really been looking forward too. They do have a great selection of beer, lots of large bottles, it's not really cheap, but I think it's worth paying for a quality product and convenience. I had expected to pick up a bottle now and then to take to BYOBs or for a drink at home that's a step up from the stuff in the local delis around where I live. This is where I have a problem, they store their very attractive expensive beer out on shelves toward the back of the deli. Good beer should really be stored rather like wine, in an area away from light with a constant, generally cool, temperature. Atmospheric fluctuations are usually no good for more sensitive brews. Also it is universally held that light skunks beer. I would think that at the very least it should be kept in the sealed shipping box until it is stocked into the cooler. A bottle that is stored for a month on the top shelf in Summertime could well taste very different from an exactly similar brew stored on the bottom shelf in December. I would guess that the cooler is stocked from the shelves of beer to the side of it. I don't really think of myself as a beer snob, but I'm not going to pay top dollar for beer that may have been sitting around for some time, as handsome as the labels may appear on the shelf. If they didn't have this problem I'd give them another star.
Food and Friends is my neighborhood spot and always treats me well. Their beer and wine selection is always enticing and I'm never disappointed with my choices. The prices are also fair and reasonable for the selection and being in Center City.

I'm also a sucker for the snack/chips and they have tons of options stocked. The mini grocery also has a lot of produce and items if you ever need something in a pinch (I don't go regularly since it's pricier than other places).

I haven't ever spent time in their seating area but I see all sorts of groups and dates so it seems like a great idea. I'll definitely need to stay sooner than later (if I can resist the siren song of my couch).
I live just around the corner so I have a lot of reasons to frequent this place and I really like their selection of healthy foods. A little on the pricier side but that's mostly to be expected in the Rittenhouse area for a small food shop. The issue I have with this place is the people behind the counter. What is with them CONSTANTLY begrudgingly giving you a bag for your five items?? What am I going to do juggle them home? I do normally bring a reusable bag for grocery shopping but I never do my main grocery shopping here (too expensive) and tend to just run in for some stuff at random. The other oddity is they never want to give you a receipt and always seem huffy if I ask for one. If I need to pick up a few things for work, which happens every so often, I am going to need a receipt!
People complain about the prices, but it's a market in Rittenhouse where retail space comes at a premium. If you have the means to run to the beer distributor and/or less expensive grocery store, then go for it, but all-in-all, it's a really solid market that is open late and carries a great beer selection.
I LOVE Food & Friends!  Everything is top quality and all the beers are high value.  

If you love ice cream but don't want the calories, they have all the flavors of Artic Zero (150 cal/pint) and Wink (100 cal/pint).  Amazing dairy section. And all the teas you could want. 

Staff is so helpful and happy! for good reason. best neighborhood.  best store.
The amazing thing about this place (other than its ridiculously convenient proximity to where we live) is its hours - most days it opens at 7am and closes at 12am. It's got some fresh produce, the prices of which are usually quite affordable - i.e. $1.49 for a bunch of kale, $3 for a clamshell container of baby spinach or arugula. They also carry carrots, potatoes, onions, beefsteak tomatoes, grape tomatoes, apples, mangoes, bananas, kiwis, oranges, celery, mushrooms - I'm sure I'm forgetting some. They have eggs, sausages, smoked salmon, an awesome selection of cured meats and cheeses, but not really any raw meats/fish. They have boxed pastas, grains, chips, cereals, baking supplies, teas, etc (I go so often I could probably name most things on their shelves but I'll spare you). It would be remiss to mention their cold beverages aisle though, as well as the giant wall of beer that faces 20th that you can get amazing craft selections from. 

In general this place tends to be fairly health conscious in its grocery offerings, with a healthy smattering of Asian snack/food/drink offerings as well. Cashiers are young, chill and friendly. There is a credit card minimum of $7 - cash otherwise.
The yogurt parfaits here are good. I had a very bad experience the other day. When I asked the cashier whether or not they had scones, he acted just as though I had asked for arsenic. Worse, I paid $3.99 for a terrible red velvet cupcake. It looked delicious and it was very big, but it had no flavor at all. Nothing. It was very odd; it had the consistency of cake w. zero flavor. I wish I had returned it; perhaps they would have refunded my money.
Long story short, Food & Friends is currently the only place I can find a wide array of flavors of my lifeblood, GT's Synergy Kombucha beverages following their voluntary recall to rethink their labels. Although it's more expensive than I should be paying at Whole Foods with my domestic partner discount, beggars can't be choosers. After spending the lion's share of the summer obsessing over when I would I currently have a fridge stocked with GT's thanks to F&F and that is what matters. 

They also have a balling selction of adult sodas, vegan and vegetarian premade fewds (similar to something you'd find in the cooler cases at Whole Foods, Citi Marketplace, etc.), cheese, snacks, general groceries, and Haribo gummis.
Love their grab and go lunch stuff, as well as their selection of beer.  Staff is very helpful and their selection of off-beat food stuffs is impressive. A tad pricey, but worth it.

$10 minimum on cards, although there is an ATM on site.
A bit pricey, but I love that they have beer.  Not only that, but it's GOOD beer.  Like craft beer, none of that Bud Light crap (although they probably have that too).  

Their selection of food isn't bad either.  I absolutely crave the fresh fruit that's already sliced and packaged.  For $3.99, you can get sliced mangos, strawberries, kiwi and grapes.  And it's filling too!  

This place has everything, including very friendly staff.  What's not to love?!
I just moved here so I haven't had too much experience with this store, but let me say it's definitely convenient.  I'd say some of their prices are definitely comparable.  I bought heavy cream there today for a recipe that I knew I only needed 1/2 cup. I got half a pint for 1.79 which although is more expensive than Trader Joe's, it's a pretty good price for a glorified convenience store.  I've been told they have great produce in the summer and as far as I'm concerned, buying garlic and a big vedalia onion for less than a dollar is a pretty good deal.  My mom bought a six pack there when I was first moving in and it definitely was expensive, about 3 dollars pricier than what I would have spent in suburban Massachusetts, but it is the city and I don't think roughly 2 dollars a beer is horrible.  The people who work there are definitely friendly too. I definitely can't wait for this place to come in handy when I forget an ingredient for a recipe and don't remember until I'm in the middle of cooking it.
Beer selection is absolutely phenomenal. Attracted my attention as I walked past in the cold this afternoon.

Walt Wit white Belgian, by Philadelphia Brewing Company. Bits of grapefruit peel and chamomile.....makes for interesting drink to unwind after the day's close.
I don't know if I've reviewed this already. Since f&f opened I must have been in there 100-200 times. Awesome beers of course. Really awesome. Selection is outstanding.  If you cant find one you like then you dont like beer. But also vegetables , pasta , rice, ice cream and other stuff that goes well with beer. And specials on aloe juice, olive oil, jam , (fiji water once). It's my favorite store in the neighborhood. And some of the checkout folks control the music which is sometimes very very cool. Some trance. Some Neil young. Never quite you expect. Always just what you want. Large beers are pricey. So buy 6packs of small bottles.
Food selection pretty good.  I encountered rude counter person (female), and EXTREMELY high prices.  I got wacked 14.75 plus tax for a 6-er of Sixty Minute IPA.  Most beer stores is is around 11.50.  They are really gouging the locals, will not return.  Also, why was the counter person rude?  I asked for paper bag, keeps the beer colder longer.  "We don't have paper bags" then started on me with all the bull shit about saving trees. Screw the trees, I want cold beer, dammit.   I told her to spare me the agony of another PC litany.  She took my money. Then just looked at me.  Had to ask her to put it in whatever bag she did have.  It was like I was asking for her to hand over her pocketbook. If you feel like being ripped off price-wise, go there.
Nicely organized
Awesome selection of beer  
A bit pricey though
Really excellent selection of beer, both domestic and imported.  I agree that the imports are pretty pricey, but the prices of highly-rated/delicious domestics (Stone, Dogfish Head, Ommegang, etc.) are actually pretty common for most cities.

The food is a bit overpriced, so I don't think it's a great place for general grocery shopping.  They do have interesting products, but this is the only downside to the place.

The shop's hours are really forgiving, too.  The staff is always very nice, even late at night, and the place has a great vibe with interesting music playing every time I've visited.  Overall, I'm really glad I live so close to this place.
The beer selection at this place is awesome. Hitachino. Thats all I have to say. The prices here are insanely high. The saving grace for me is that its about 40 feet from my apartment.
The service is good depending on who's working. Some are cool, while others, well, they just aren't. 
I'll give it three stars for the best beer selection around, and the cute blonde girl behind the counter.
Food and Friends is the epitome of a great convenience store.  They have just about everything you're ever likely to need in a panic and lots of nice luxury items as well.  Prices are pretty standard for a convenience store and certainly not over the top.

The beer selection is fantastic.  They clearly have someone who really cares about beer (who I've had numerous conversations with, great fella) and they've now also added a request board.  The build a 6 pack deal is nothing out of the ordinary these days but the discount is appreciated.
I remember back when we first moved into Philly and I was trying to get to know our immediate neighborhood - and figure out where I would be doing all of my shopping. I ended up walking past Food & Friends multiple times before realizing that it was, in fact, a small grocery/convenience store. 

I immediately feel in love with this small space, for three reasons: 

1) BEER!! Who doesn't love beer? Or perhaps, who in Philadelphia doesn't love CRAFT beer? They have a damn fine selection of microbrews, mostly refrigerated but there's also a TALL shelf filled with bottles. Not quite as good as the Foodery, but at least their prices are comparable and listed right underneath each bottle and not in some lengthy price Bible.

2) Vegan/vegetarian items. Score. Some things can be difficult, if not impossible, to find and yet this little place manages to stock a fair amount of related items. I'm especially intrigued by the vegan marshmallows, but just haven't gotten around to being fine with paying for them.

3) Tate's Cookies!!! One of the first things you see when you walk in is an entire shelf full of these AMAZING cookies. I grew up eating these, they are one of the BEST chocolate chip cookies I've ever encountered (and the other flavors are mad good too, especially the oatmeal cranberry ones). I can't believe they exist in Philly, the bakery has one location in the Hamptons on Long Island.

But the reason I rarely come here, even for one of the three items listed above, are the prices. I can easily walk elsewhere in CC to find what I want for much less. Love this place, but can't afford to spread the love.
Huge variety of beers, but significantly more expensive than anywhere else you'll buy beer in the area. I lived around the corner from this place but avoided it when I could.
This is one of my favorite grocery stores in the Rittenhouse area. It's small but has mostly everything that you'll need on the go, and everything is fresh. It is a bit pricey for some items, but their selection of sauces, drinks, and other items not easily found elsewhere more than makes up for it. 

The nicest aspect of this store is the extensive beer and cider selection. It's so conveniently located, and with such variety, that it becomes an essential stop before a get together or a night out. It's open till late everyday, which is a bonus!
I am so grateful for this little harbor close home!  People here are so friendly and helpful!  A variety of beers and chocolates, la colombe coffee (fresh and cold pressed bottled ones), fresh veggies and fruits, simple cleaning and household stuff, including organic hygiene products for ladies...  Can't imagine how my roommate and I could survive the midterms without snacking here every night at 11:30pm. Wish they carried more organic produce.
Thrilled to have this store nearby. Fantastic beer selection with lots of interesting picks. I often just grab a Weienstephaner Vitus. Really high quality produce and snack selections. Friendly staff. I've heard some really enjoyable dance music coming through the speakers every time I've been there.
Convenient, close, expensive.  That about sums up my love affair with Food & Friends.  I enjoy the great selection of beers, organic foods, and have even discovered a few new favorites!  My wallet always takes a beating, but it is entirely worth it.
Let me just say this, BEER!

I love the long isle full of all the beer you could ever want [only they dont carry Banana Bread beer :( ] It is such a treat and I love the decor and feel of this place. Cashiers are very friendly and helpful, helped me pick out a beer or two as well when I asked for suggestions. 

As for everything else -fruits,nuts,candies, non-alchoholic drinks, snacks, chocolates? It goes on n on. I never feel like leaving this store when I enter it. Great neighborhood as well! Make you own six-pack and walk down to the river and drink it!
Though the selection here is not extensive and they don't have everything, Good & Friends is pretty good. That being said, it's also pretty damn pricey overall. 

For almost all of your food needs, you can go to Maxx's up the block for much better options. Sure, Food & Friends is larger and may have a bit more. But, Maxx's products are selected so well, that if you're the kind of customer that wants the products Food & Friends offers, chances are that Maxx's has them too.

The best feature Food & Friends place is it's selection of by-the-bottle craft beers. These range from overpriced to very overpriced, however. 

Alcohol prices can be a bit high in Philadelphia, but Food & Friends really needs to check themselves before the wreck themselves on their beer prices.

I've purchased many of the same products for much lower prices at other stores within walking distance of Food & Friends. Of course, they also offer some beers that you can't necessarily find elsewhere. But, most of these aren't necessarily priced fairly, if you are familiar with the price of what these typically cost even in other urban markets.
Love it :) Clean and cute. And everything is reasonably priced.
Currently watching my friend consume a wrap. Looks super moist and he agreed. We have to do better.
Great place to find your more gourmet groceries and ingredients - small but high quality selection of goods. The beer collection here is also really great, and as far as I know when of the best in the graduate hospital area.
This is a fantastic little shop that has one of the best beer selections to be found in all of center city! The shop also doubles as a small grocery store, stocking many gourmet items, which certainly makes it very convenient for those living nearby.

As happy as I am with both the location of the shop and the selection of beers that they carry, I find the prices to be too high for practical, regular shopping. While they do offer a small discount for the make-your-own six packs, the prices are generally what they would cost if you were to go out and have the beer SERVED to you at a reasonably priced bar or restaurant.

Overall, I love its location directly across the street from the BYO, Audrey Claire, and the staff is SO friendly. Food & Friends would be a perfect center city beer shop if only it were less pricey!
Excellent beer selection!  Reasonable prices; discount to mix a six. Nice selection of groceries, with an emphasis on natural & organic, and some great non alcoholic beverages. Harney & Sons organic iced tea, and Fentimans- Hell yeah! Instant fan. I was so excited when I saw the beer, that I hardly checked out  the rest of the clean, well organized store. No worries, I'm sure I'll be coming back many times!  Friendly staff. They have some seating & prepared foods.
i looooooooooooove this place.

fantstic beer selection. mix and match 6 packs and get a discount. lots of imported stuff thats hard to find other places.

lots of healthy drink selections. healthy food, too. 
yeah its expensive. but i mean, so is getting this stuff at say...whole foods.

delicious to-go foods (sushi, macaroni salad, fresh sandwiches etc).

convenient location.

friendly employees. 

some seating in the back.

i love that there's a store near rittenhouse i can go get a healthy snack instead of having to go to 7-elevn.
i really love that they have a huge selection of haribo gummies and la columbe coffee beans for 7.99. amazing. also they have lots of beer, cereals, and gourmet (and regular) snacks!
Being just down the street from and larger than Maxx's Produce, this is where I come for whatever I can't find at Maxx's. Their larger floor space allows them to carry a larger selection of cheeses and deli meets, including some more unusual selections (ricotta insalata Yum!)

Without fail i find something new or unexpected to take home to nosh on while cooking dinner. As other reviewers have noted, the beer selection is divine.
Great corner grocery!  
Stopped here many times on my way home or out to grab real food and something yummy from their beer selection. 
Good stuff.
I'd like an option for a half-star here.  It really should be 4.5, but I'm not prepared to give it five just yet.  I've been here a few times to pick up a forgotten grocery item and some snacks.  They have a great selection of organic and vegetarian items and a huge variety of snacks (well, chocolate really is the only snack worth eating and they have plenty of that).  I've checked their beer selection and it's quite extensive and the prices are better than at similar stores in the city - a big plus.  The new renovations and added windows make browsing the beer aisle much more pleasant and not so much like a big secret as before.  Now, the 4.5 stars versus the 5 is that on the few occasions I've been there, the staff has been helpful and friendly about half of the time -- they've either been super friendly and helpful or they've not wanted to give up other conversations to attend to customers.  Maybe that's changed, though, since the former was true on my last visit.  Do I smell five stars?
I like this place.  It's close to my apartment, has the types of things I need to carry me over until my next "real" grocery shopping trip, and has a nice selection of health/organic products.  I mostly love it for the wide selection of Yogi teas, which I am obsessed with.  A lot of things are a bit overpriced here, but you're paying for the convenience.  They also have a good selection of beer.
I like this store!! We were on a mission to pick up some beers one nite, and to my surprised, I didnt know Philly has some wierd alcohol rule, where your local grocery stores cant sell alcohol! LAME! 

We stepped into Food & Friends only to find, it's fully stocked w/a huge selection of beers & wine AND...a huge rack of Haribo candies!! I love this store already!! Other noticeable things were, lots of great healthier snacks, cheeses, and basic grocery needs.  A great corner store.
The place has an enormous beer selection, both cases and single bottles. It took me a good 5 minutes before I decided what to buy. Prices are a bit high, but not too bad. 

They also have a decent sized section with food, including snacks, fruit & veggies. You can also find a couple of small tables in the back of the store, in case your legs get tired from standing in front of the beer display :D.

The staff was very friendly and helpful when asked about the available selection. In short, if you want to try brews from different corners of the world, this is the place to visit!
I recently moved, but when I lived down the street from this place I shopped there on average 4-7x/week (I tend to pick up a few things as I need them, versus a big haul all at once. I like to call this "delightfully European-like" and not "forgetful"). They have a good mix of staples and gourmet items, so I know I can find both brown rice and Cheerios. I also love that they sell little squares of Ritter chocolate at the check-out. They have a bountiful drink selection, both beer and non-alcoholic. Want cherry juice? Diet root beer? Kombucha? They got it. If you're getting take-out from the Chinese restaurant across the street, stop there first to place your order then run across the street to Food & Friends for your beverages. By the time you go back to the Chinese restaurant, your food will likely be ready.

The only place where I think they could improve is in their check-out system. There's no clear place for people to line up, and with two registers it sometimes got confusing as to who was in line for what. I was usually shuffling through in glasses and sweatpants (okay, so not so European-like), and sometimes got a little awkward trying to figure out where to line up amidst all the late-night people buying beer. Oh yeah, they're open 'til midnight!
Awesome little market with fresh foods, very good prices, friendly staff and a great beer selection.  I was impressed mostly by the cleanliness of the store and the prices.  They wont gouge you just because you are in Rittenhouse.
There really is no excuse for the nastiness of the employees here.  I went when it first opened and bought bread, I brought it home and it was completely stale.  They didn't give me a refund, didn't care, didn't apologize.  

They never know whether or not they have anything.  In small city stores it's a complete pain to try to guess whether or not a certain place carries a certain product (especially when things are stocked up to the ceiling), I don't think it's unreasonable to expect the staff to have an idea of what they carry and where in the store it might be. Every request I've made has been met with a shrug and a blank stare.

Even with this lackluster service, we shop there weekly.  What can I say, it's a small neighborhood with few services.  My husband ran out of cash and needed to charge a purchase - no dice, it was under the minimum required for credit card purchase.  Forget the fact that we shop there all the time, it's actually illegal for merchants to do this - check our mastercard's website.  

I think we've put up with enough from them.
You know why I love this place? Price tags on the beer! Fine beer selection at prices better than most places. Bravo.
The bottles selection here is unreal (both beer and other non-alcoholic drinks). They even carry my favorite ginger ale - pomegranate hibiscus ginger ale by Bruce Cost!
Echoing what many other reviews have said, I love and hate Food and Friends at the same time.

It's a convenience store, a convenience store that carries high quality and gourmet products as well as having a great beer selection.  You pay for convenience, you pay for high quality, and you pay for gourmet.  Yes, the prices are a bit expensive, and if I did all of my grocery shopping here I'd be broke.  

All in all, it's a huge asset to the neighborhood.  It's a great convenience store with helpful staff and great products.
If you in a rush and need to grab a quick 6 pack this is a good go to. 

However for produce this is not a great place to come. The vegetables always look like they have been sitting there for awhile with a gang of fruit flys buzzing around. The prices are high but that's just what you get in center city.
Places like this don't exist in the Boston area to my knowledge. Came in during a Holiday Vacation visit and was amazed at the selection and the niche products offered. Where else can I pick up a cool Ommegang brew and get some awesome salsa and chips to pair with it.

Small but great detail during our visit to Philly!
One of the best beer stores that I went to during my visit. It's actually a food store, but their beer selection is fantastic with even rare gems like Russian River Supplication/Consecration and Firestone Walker XVI.

They don't have glasses, but you can grab something from the refrigerators and use their coffee cups. I highly recommend Siberian Night Imperial Stout if you want something really big roasty and creamy in a beer.
Of note are friendly staff and a large, quality beer selection. Beware, the prices are high.
Hundreds of beers to choose from, fresh foods and boxes products that you can't find at Trader Joes!
Ode to Food & Friends:

You won my heart with your wall o' beer. The beer snob in me gets put to shame each and every time I lay my eyes on your selection. The guys who work here stock you well and know you well, thus being a very good friend to have while perusing Food & Friends.

Next, the to-go options for lunch/dinner caught my eye, and alas I was full of both delicious food and good beer. How could I be happier?

I could be happier when I turn around and see PASTRIES! Cupcakes, cookies, candy. A perfect addition to the food and beer I precisely picked out. 

And if is it not sweets I desire, then the wall o' cheese helps satiate. Cheese and meat, meat and cheese. A worthy companion to wall o' beer.

Your convenient location to my home makes this an at least one a week celebration. A celebration of what you ask? Just living the good life. No more need for a special occasion than life itself.

The only problem I have is the conundrum: I get the FOOD part but, WHICH part of the store are the friends? The beer wall? The cheese? The fruit? The ice cream freezer? Oh! Maybe it is the friendly staff that help me pick out any of the above mentioned items! Yes, that must be it. Thank you, friends!
A fantastic addition to the neighborhood. Create craft beers, generous grocery section and friendly staff.

They also brew la colombe coffee in the morning making it one of the least expensive, best quality cups of coffee in Rittenhouse. 

Not the same produce or prepared selections as Maxxs down the street but makes up for it with dairy and dry goods.
Upgrading review to four stars as I found the service to be very friendly and knowledgeable tonight. Picked up more odds and ends, seafood salad, roast beef wrap with horseradish sauce, walnuts, dried fruit and of course a couple of beers. This brings my total spend to about $85 at FF inside of one week living in Rittenhouse but I think all the items purchased were quality and am happy to come back to this neighorhood store.
Honestly if I can give zero stars I would. I am currently on a business trip and it is my first time in Philadelphia. I'm staying at the studio right down the street, so I decided to come here because it is so close and I honestly didn't want to walk far.All the food here is ridiculously expensive and I live in Los Angeles and I am pretty shocked.  I accidentally dropped a wrap and it fell out of the box which is a little bit over six dollars so I ended up purchasing one and I felt really bad and embarrassed I told the guy that I had dropped the wrap and he said yes I know I saw and gave me a dirty look and made me feel so uncomfortable..I told him to not worry that I would pay for it if I have to. As I checked out I realize I had to pay about $25 which was ridiculous for the small things I bought like chips ice cream and soda. Then I realized he actually did charge me for the wrap and honestly this was a very disappointing because I have actually broken things in the past at liquor stores or grocery stores and I have never had to pay for it so for him to have the nerve to still charge me for the wrap pretty much says a lot about their customer service and how they don't give a damn about their customers. It's obviously called customer service so people can come back (you give a little you a get a little) with that said I will never be coming back to this store and to be honest I have had nothing but an amazing experience in Philadelphia until I came here. Huge recommendation for anyone reading this please go spend your money elsewhere I guarantee you you will save a buck!
Great little corner grocery in the neighborhood! Excellent place to grab a quick bottle of wine or six pack (open until 11pm unlike fine wine and spirits) and also has a nice selection of food. Service is friendly and vibes are good. A little bit of a markup price wise, but that's to be expected from an independent store such as this. 

Very happy this place re-opened after the pandemic !
Grocery right off Rittenhouse Sq. I randomly stumbled across this place looking for a place that sells Russian River Brewery beers a fee years back. Since then it has become a must stop for me whenever I visit Philly. Probably been in here at least a dozen times however have yet to browse other sections, so this review is totally based on their beer aisle. 

Amazingly deep selection and the occasional beers that don't make it to NY. As an added bonus, there is a 10% discount for mix and match 6 pack. Great when you're purchasing with the intent to sample different varieties. If hunting for a specific bottle, search the non refrigerated shelving as well, things tend to be less organized there. 

Friendly cashiers as well, some are definitely hop heads, critiquing beers while ringing you up. They double bag everything without being prompted to do so.
If you are in need of a quick  bite or snack this is the place to go, but a few times I have picked up expired food which is really disappointing.
What a disappointment. Very over priced wine and beer. Generic and limited groceries, all monitored on a large screen to deter theft or more likely price checking. The neighborhood could have really used a real grocery story with local produce and competitive prices. This feels like a rip off from start to finish.
I realized the value of this place when I had a super craving for spaghetti and meatballs and truly did not make the walk all the way to TJ's. Most grocery staples (eggs, yogurt, pasta) are super over priced here (my boring un-fancy pasta cost $2 -- 100% more than TJ's price), but some of the distinctly health-conscious yuppie-type foods like fancy soup in colorful boxes and raw almonds are actually competitively priced. So no, I pretty much never shop here, but in a pinch, it actually is really, really convenient.
Prices on the beer fridge!  A bit higher than I'd like, but hey at least we're communicatin'.
