Four Seasons Diner on Cottman Avenue, Northeast Philadelphia, is a traditional highway roadhouse in the semi-urban jungle that is this part of the great city. It is well maintained, with plenty of parking, classic lunch counter in back, and booths galore all around. They also have a lot of recessed colored lighting in the ceiling, which gives a somewhat funhouse quality to it all. 

I stepped to the rear and was the only customer on a spinner. The menu is enormous for the morning meal, so it took a few minutes to go through it. In the meantime, I received my mugga joe and a side glass of milk, as requested. Ultimately, I went with their french toast and bacon combo for $7.95. Only these old joints that have paid off their construction loans can afford to offer such inexpensive vittles. Wish they also offered real maple syrup rather than the pre-packaged sweeteners. Still, with three large slices of bread and an equal number of well done bacon, I felt satiated without even touching the third slice of toast. 

All the while, I had plenty of attention from the staff, who filled my mug repeatedly, and asked after my satisfaction. Had I been more gregarious, I no doubt would have had strong conversation with the ladies all morning. I preferred to stick to my reading. 

This part of Philly has many diners to chose from. Glad I chose a decent one for today's brekkie. I passed several others on my way to the office, and will check them out in due course.
I must be getting old and grumpy.. A place like this used to put a smile on my face with some coaxing from a few drinks.. But on this late night, all I had in me was some Gatorade... 
It's roughly 3:30am and I just happened to be passing through the area.. I had been here for breakfast before. Nothing memorable. But I figured that I'd come back to have a meal from the full menu.... So here I am. 
I have a seat, was handed a late night menu and I ordered a ginger ale... There was a daily specials menu on every on every table in a plastic display. So I decided I wanted something off of that menu.. the waitress comes back, I tell her what I'd like, and she tells me that the daily specials isn't available after 9pm... wtf?? 
Ok.. back to this limited late night menu.. Breakfast items, sandwiches, and a few meals to choose from. Nothing caught my eye, and now I'm really invested in this place since I've been here for about 15 minutes at this point...
I played it safe, so I thought, and ordered meatloaf with mashed potatoes and gravy. 
20 minutes I sat at this table. Just me and my new date (the ginger ale).. The waitress didn't come back to check to see if I needed a refill. Maybe because she was passing back and forth, arguing with a coworker loudly as if they were at home.. In the meantime the place was full, mostly drunk folks. Some happy, others not so much. 
(btw, I'm always happy when I'm drunk!)
A lot of cursing, loud phone conversations, and an occasional young lady or two would bump into me or brush up against me in my booth.. At first I thought they were flirting with me... I couldn't get that lucky. These women just lost their balance stumbling by me... 
Finally my meal comes out after I had been sitting patiently for 45 minutes at this point nursing this ginger ale that hadn't been refilled. 
The star of the show was placed on the table.. 
I couldn't be more deflated after waiting all of this time... It was a huge meal. 5 pieces of meatloaf, two scoops of mashed potatoes, no dinner rolls, no other vegetables. 
The meatloaf was heated up on the grill and was slightly charred like a hamburger. It looked odd. 
I tasted it anyway... It tasted like it was made with the finest 60% lean 40% fat ground beef they could find, mixed with potted meat. I guess they were out of ground pork... Straight disgusting. 
Well, at least I have some hot, straight out the box whipped mashed potatoes to enjoy, right(??). 
They were ice effn cold... The gravy was lukewarm and resembled some sort of brown gelatin... I would've received a better meal earlier in the evening if it was chow time and I was inmate #95863687. 
Needless to say that I left everything on the table.
I left a 10% tip for the young lady... Not for the service she gave me. But for defending herself so well while arguing with her coworker.... I was kind of proud of her. 
I'll only return to this place if I have an odd urge to induce constipation by eating a crap meal like the one that was placed in front of me.
Such a big disappointment from the time I walked in hear this morning. 

When I arrived I was seated asap. Then after that everything went down hill. Was giving the menu. The waitress didn't give me not 5 min to look to see what I wanted. She ask if I like coffee. I said yes. So I'm waiting and waiting 10 min later she brought my coffee over. 

Placed my order I got the breakfast special. Sausage egg and cheese on a kaiser roll with home fries. Waited 30 min for my food. Then when it came waitress says would u like anything esle? I said yes more coffee. 5 min later brought me back another cup of coffee. In a middle of eating my food I relize that on the menu with the breakfast specials it says that all specials come with coffee and juice. Do finally after a few min I waived down my waiter and said, don't my breakfast come with juice. She's goes yes it does. I said I never got any. She says what would u like. I said orange juice. After all this time I got the smallest cup of orange juice I probably ever had. 

So after all of this and almost alittle over 1 hour in this Diner. Waitress comes over and says? Would you like anything esle. I said no that's it. She gives be my check. Remember when I said coffee and juice is included in the breakfast special? Well she charged me for the coffee!! So when I went up to pay the check I made sure that the coffee was taking off. Something I should have not been charged for. So they did fix that. Remember always ask for the juice. Because they will not ask you. I seen it happening the whole time I was hear. 

The only good experience I had hear was the food was good. Everything esle was a let down. Even though the food was good. I don't think I will see myself coming back and dealing with all the hassle. That I had to deal with..
Ive been to my share of diners and I can definitely say this is one of the best Ive ever had. My boyfriend and I ended up here for our anniversary totally by accident we were headed somewhere else and it started snowing so we ended up here because it was close to a gas station. Well this was a great mistake I ordered the fried seafood platter which I was a little bit scared of because, well I was scared of ordering a seafood platter from a diner. But it was great the crab cakes had real crab meat in them the scallops were perfect and the shrimp was great. The mashed potatoes were a little bit dry but not bad. My boyfriend had the stuffed shells with meatballs and I wanted to eat his too. The meatball to pasta ratio was equal which is surprising because people normally just give you one big meatball and expect it to last. He got 3 huge meatballs and his food was so hot and fresh. Our waitress was sweet and prompt. The prices were a little high for diner food but we gladly paid because the food was so good.
Been on the search for a good diner for a while now, but because of imperfection or my taste.. I haven't found one yet. However, this place is definitely at the top of my list so far.  Just to give some background to those that don't know, this establishment used to be a Friendly's before it closed down.

To sum it up before going into details for those who want the quick opinion.. food looked and tasted good, service was good at two in the morning, decor was nice, and the amount of food was worth the price. Definitely worth checking out if you're around the area.

I don't remember the name of what I ordered (maybe the country omelette) but it was sausage, ham, peppers, and onions I think, served with home fries and toast. The omelette was well made and the home fries weren't burnt and soft, although I do prefer mine with a little crunch.

 I would prefer it if the food was warmer, but I think because we were in a big group the food must have sat there for a bit before it all came out. Most of us all got breakfast food, so I'm going to assume the quality was pretty much similar. Next time I visit, I'll have to order something else, but let's hope it's not two in the morning again because I'd be reluctant to eat a burger and fries at that hour! hope you enjoyed this review :)
I don't think I would ever eat at this skeevatorium again. I sat down at a dirty table, on a dirty bench and waited on by a dirty server. If I was any less lazy at that moment, I would definitely have gone to any one of the other diners in the immediate area. I barely ate my eggs because I wasn't sure if the clinic would be open the next day for a syphilis test. Didn't want to chance it. 
Funny thing, also, I was telling my friend about my experience there. This friend lives right around the corner from this dump. He told me that his wife and him used to eat here because it's not far from their home and it was easier for them than going to Tiffany's for those late night meals. He told me that he would never step foot in there again because a waitress, who had obviously ran a marathon, was sweating profusely, and actually dropped a bead or two of sweat in his wife's food. Whaaaaaa?????? How the f@&k do you sweat that much while serving food, and not care enough about your customers to wipe your dripping brow?????
So, there you have it. My review of the worst diner in Philly. Seriously get your act together, Four Seasons. But unless you call in a crew to clean the place and hire some more desirable human beings to serve your customers- the people who give you their hard earned money- it looks like Tiffany's gets my business. They're not the best either, but they're clean and have great customer service. Oh, and they have cuter waitresses.
One of the better diners in the Philadelphia area. Most customers are older but if you get past that, the food is good, the service is decent, and the wait time isn't too bad.
The fact that this restaurant has garnered as many as 3 stars is somewhat disheartening.  I am an ardent Yelper, and I have had great experiences depending on the reviews written and ratings posted, both in my own city and on trips across the country.  Yelp has rarely, if ever, let me down.

This is my second visit to the Four Seasons Diner.  My first was sub-mediocre, but not really worthy of the time a review would take to put together, but since that time this place has had time to settle into the neighborhood, and while looking to share a bit of breakfast with my friend, we chose The Four Seasons diner.  Here's why I give it 1 star.

1. The food was again, sub mediocre, and this time I only ordered a pretty basic breakfast
2. Sharing charge of $5.99.  Friend had to order a soup in order to share.
3. I was sniped for $1 for a few spoonfuls of salsa for my eggs.  

This may not seem like enough reasons to give a place only 1 star, but if you are looking for a better meal at better pricing (especially breakfast at a diner in NE Philly), I can point you in a better direction that won't take you too far away.  

That said, the state of Diners in NE Philly is sad, and makes me sad.  I grew up in the NE, and I have loved diners ever since I was a small boy.  A good meal at a reasonable price is the trademark for ANY diner ANYWHERE.  This place does NOT live up to the Diner Contract I think exists between establishment and customer.  Sadly, few places in my part of Philly do anymore.

I know that many of you don't want to read endless negativity...so if you stop now..you won't get that.  Read my other reviews.  There aren't hundreds, but I always Yelp when I care...good or bad.

Now...to my rant.

Man...that food was less than ok.  There is NO excuse for crappy rye bread at a diner.  Especially in this part of the world.  We have good bakeries with wonderful rye bread.  Don't be cheap.  Buy decent bread.

If you are going to charge me for a side of salsa (which NO other diner has ever done to me), then you damn well better bring me a soup bowl filled with it.  It's a cheap condiment, especially in the gallon jugs you are buying from your distributor.  Oh yeah, did I mention I used to work for a Food Distributor?  

And, BTW, the entire meal was overpriced.  I'm not cheap.  I've eaten at some very good, VERY expensive places, and I don't mind dropping big $$$ on a meal I will always remember, or a solid buck over and over again at a place that serves me decent food again and again....and again, because I tend to frequent the same places.  I like to give them my business, and my money.

You omelette was big, but that in now way makes me happier.  I don't need a 50 egg omelette, I just need a Good One.

Your restaurant wasn't packed...busy, but not crammed full.  Why on earth do you want to steal from me?  If I want to order a complete meal and share it with someone for any reason (money, health/weight loss...etc), why do you care?  You are selling food.  If two people walk into my store and only one wants to buy a TV, I don't up-charge because their friend came with them.  It's as if you are asking me to please NOT come back, and that my friend isn't welcome to the food I've purchased.  Does ACME have a sharing charge?  You seated me at a 2-top...do you have a 1-top for me if I was a solo diner who prefers a booth to the counter?  Am I taking up more space than usual?What if I come, you seat me at your 2-top, and I order coffee and sit for 3 hours...do you charge me for the time?  The bottom line is...this policy is OBSCENE.

If a Yelper gets here in my review and still comes to your diner, fine.  I certainly expect logical, reasonable, rational, and intelligent people to make up their own mind.  Somehow enough decent, 3-star reviews have gotten through...and some clearly confused folks leaving more stars.

But people, please don't share your food, or order a side of anything without asking how much it will cost, or expect that your food will be any better than slightly less than ok.

Good luck.
I love this diner but what I was served yesterday was the worst "prime rib" ever. I ordered rare to medium rare. Well the picture speaks for itself.  I think it was less than 1/4" thick.
My uncle has been ranting about this diner for some time now and he finally got a chance to corral five of us to go there.

We began our dinner with one server, a woman, who after taking our drink order passed us off on a gentleman whose name escapes me. Perhaps that was for the best because my family members can be a bit needy, a bit abrupt and a bit peculiar. And by peculiar I mean one of us when presented with an enormous plate of popcorn chicken nugget bites stared down into it, summoned the server and asked, "how do I eat this?" Every one except the inquirer was puzzled. 

Speaking of the plate of nuggets which was listed as an appetizer, it was big enough for the entire table to share. We also got two orders of mussels in marinara sauce that was very good. Those who ordered entrees which ranged from 17.99 to 19.99 got to help themselves to the salad bar, a cup of soup, and a desert. The food was good enough if not a little bland as far as the pasta dishes went. The draw here is definitely bang for your buck. 

And while I would recommend Four Seasons on that fact alone I do need to mention that when my party of six received the bill all told our food and drinks totaled 130.85. There was sales tax and a service fee of 24.00 and some cents. I tack on an extra dollar or so to make it an even 25.00 but the server brings it back to me for clarification. I say, isn't this your gratuity? He says that's a service charge he has to split with the bartender. What!?!? Wait there is no bar or more importantly, what has that got to do with me? He went on to tell me that the service charge was only 18% and that most people leave more. Well you don't say??? And shouldn't say. That was unnecessary and unprofessional.
Although their food is great, the folks who seat the guests are very racist and selective. Three time we went there they made us wait for over 30 mins while all along they found seats for other guests. We are never going back there. Our dignity is worth more than their food and their ignorant narrow minds.
I stopped in The four seasons diner after work tonight. I usually head straight home but I was starving and the rest of the family was down the shore. I pulled into the lot and I had no problem finding a parking space. When I walked in there were hundreds of photos of customers which I thought was pretty cool. I headed to the bathroom and it was a mess. I walked up to the seating area and was greeted immediately. I was seated and a waitress responded in the appropriate amount of time. Sha gave me a menu and took my drink order. She came back with my drink within minutes. She was very professional and kind. She gave me a few more minutes to decide, as soon as I closed my menu she was right there to take my order. I ordered the chicken parm with spaghetti. The chicken parm was huge but thin. It had a good taste and I was satisfied. The spaghetti was too well done for my liking. I like it al dente. This was way too soft. I finished my meal, pushed my plate to the side and the waitress was right there asking if I wanted coffee or dessert. I declined so she gave me the check and off I went. I was pleasantly surprised at how good the waitress was so i left a nice tip. I would definitely stop again however the menu items are limited late night. All in all it was a nice stop.
I loved the four Seasons in the past. I found that they add a sharing charge of 5.99 if you share your food with anyone at the table. It's not like a buffet or bottomless dish where a sharing charge would be appropriate. I will never return there. What kinda deceitful, shady, sheisty, uncool, wack sh*t is that?!?!?!?
SHUT IT DOWN!!!!!!!!
I have eaten in here, and also gotten take out many a time. There are no other 24-hour diners near my house. However, the quality has gone downhill, very much, since they opened. Last time I got an omelette, it was very runny and gross, even though I asked over the phone for it to be well done. Their desserts all look delicious, right? So I was so excited to get a piece of chocolate cake. I got home and took a bite and it tasted like soil. I mean like dirt. It was clearly rotten. I was so, so disappointed. At this point, my boyfriend and I were both too tired to drive back to the restaurant, so we did call to complain, and they acted like they didn't believe us and said to bring the cake in. We were too lazy. But I'd had stale-ish cake before from there, and this was the last straw. I mean it tasted like THE GROUND.

The burgers and sandwiches are just blah. Also, like almost every other diner in the world seems to have begun doing, they serve batter fries. They are so gross, and I don't know why all the diners have started this. It's really nasty. They do not taste good at all. I always would just throw out my fries or ask for onion rings or something, even though they aren't much better.

If you need something desperately to eat at 4 am and nowhere else is open, then go here for a burger that won't kill you..but don't choose it if anything else at all is open.
Having a good laugh at the negative reviews.
--'Too much food'  -- Ever hear of a doggy bag?  Gee, they give you enough for 2 meals.  They should be shot for that.
--'The waitstaff is typical Northeast'  -- Gee, that's terrible.  They should import their staff from ?China,  ?Poland,  ?Eygpt --  It's a Northeast dinner.  I'd rather the staff be local, able to walk to work and get to work on time than being short staffed because their plane was late.
--'The menu is too big'  -- How dare they have alot of choices!
Maybe your arms are too short.
--' Frank Sinatra music' -- That's sad and I go there for a combination of disco & hip hop.  Gotta make choices.
--'Outdated decor'  --  It's a dinner, it's supposed to look like that.

Some ppl could complain about anything.  Gheesss.
I wish I could write Zero stars. Make sure next time you go here, you go to your monopoly game and get the get out of jail free card, bring that with you to the four seasons and that might help you get past all of the insane charges they throw at you on top of the terrible service.  I've come here a few times recently for a late dinner after getting back from a long flight. Last time, we order a quesadilla for an app, and my boyfriend gets a burger platter and I get a chicken finger platter. They put a 5.99 sharing charge on there for getting an appetizer to share ? Are you f--kin serious ??? I was tired, didn't want to make a scene so we just paid the bill and rolled out and even gave a tip because we are not monsters, it might not have been the servers fault, maybe that's just the shitty policy, but I'm serious that is just messed up. 

We will absolutely 100% never come back to the Four seasons diner again. What a piece of crap diner. 

It actually used to be so much better. I used to be pleasantly surprised at how friendly the servers and staff were. They made me feel positive and happy to be there and eating at their establishment. These last few times I've basically felt like I was being treated like a piece of trash that was abusing the staff. My boyfriend and I Were extremely nice and polite despite this offense with the 5.99 sharing charge ! How are we going to order three $10 plates of food and you basically just throw an extra 5.99 on just for the service we are providing of eating the food off the plates ??? You should be paying us that 5.99 if anything, what the hell? I can't even understand this business practice what is the purpose of it??? 

Don't go here. The food is sub-par (how do you mess up a quesadilla??). It's generally pretty dirty. The music they play is seriously awful, the lighting is weird. The service has gone extremely downhill over previous years. Everything sucks AND ON TOP OF ALL THAT they charge you an extra 5.99 just to eat your food that you ALREADY are paying for.

*mic drop*
Let me first start off by saying that I am very critical of food. When a group of 10 of us from work go out for lunch, I am usually the only one to complain. This place is by far one of the best places in the Northeast! Not sure who the gentleman was who greeted us when we walked in but he was extremely friendly and welcoming. We ordered Chicken Fingers, Mozzarella Sticks, and Jalapeño Poppers to share and was nearly full. I then forced myself to eat the pizza burger that I ordered and it was AMAZING! It honestly could not have been any better - it was perfection! The quality of the burger, marinara, and cheese were definitely noted! First time I've been here but definitely won't be the last!
Already wrote another review where i gave two stars and my reasons. We decided to give them another chance because of the option of getting some breakfast delivered. When we called, the person on the line said delivery doesn't start until the delivery guy shows up and he doesn't show up at any given time. We threw the menu in the trash.
I can't get over how many good reviews this place has. The decor is cheesy and outdated, the outside of the diner is sort of frightening. That's just the beginning. The diner is relatively new but looks like it has been there forever, the waitstaff looks like typical northeast philly diner waitstaff....if you've ever been to any other diners in the area you'll know what that means. The table they sat us at was literally sticky, my arms kept sticking to the table. The menu is way too large and that usually makes me nervous, there's no way you can make every thing perfectly with a menu that large. I ordered just a plain old grilled cheese and french fries. Diner staple. It was fine mostly, but really greasy and the waitress never asked what kind of bread or cheese I wanted when ordering although the menu listed options. The fries certainly could have been better. They were very mushy and bland. My boyfriend ordered a burger and fries and he said his was pretty good. They gave him a WHOLE uncut enormous pickle on his plate. It was bordering obnoxious, who would eat that? The one on my plate was almost as obnoxious but they cut a sliver off of mine. Service was quick, the host was nice but it fit the description of crumby run of the mill diner to me.
I always have good service when I come here to eat. Doesn't matter on the time either! I've been here at 3am, 3pm, 10pm, 10am, you name it lol.

I like that this diner is close to a lot of the frankford bars, which is why there's still a good crowd at night. 

The food is pretty good, large portions, ...colorful staff :) ( a lot of personalities)
Stopped in today with a friend for lunch. There aren't many decent diners in the area but it's pretty good here. I've been coming here for years now and have never been disappointed but haven't really ever been wowed either. The food is always pretty good. The color of the gravy on the croquettes turned me off a little bit but they tasted good. Green beans were soggy and seemed canned. A little bit overpriced for a diner. Decor is a little over the top but nice. Waitress was very pleasant and attentive.
Went there yesterday afternoon.  Wow!  Perfect food with perfect service, What a concept!  Food cooked to order,  fresh salad bar with huge selections, great soup. 

***The "icing on the cake" was the service.***  "Heather" is worth an elephant's weight in gold.  I truly haven't had service like she provided  in a long, long time, especially in Northeast Phila.  Pleasant, just the correct amount of attention, willing to make adjustments to satisfy the customer!  No other word but "Superior" service.
The food was great. We've been here before it was blah and then we decided to give it another chance and I was blown away. They really stepped up their menu and cooking skills.
BEST OF THE BEST FOOD! 2 nights ago, me and hubby were there to get the seafood prescatory(sorry incorrect spelling). And it was SO FREAKING GOOD,we went back again tonight for the same entree. I also order the linguini with meatball, which is also delicious. I couldn't finish my linguini cause it was so much food, so I will save it for tomorrow. They also carry vast varieties of cakes, we only try the oreo cake, and they were good too. We will definitely be back to try other dishes and cakes.
BAD SERVICE!!!
My friend and I waited about 20 minutes at our table to be waited on. Even when our waiter finally arrived, no apology for the wait. While he was taking our order, he passive aggressively implied to my friend she was ordering too much food. ( he made similar comments to a table of women across from us). 25 or so minutes after we ordered, still hadn't received food or any reasoning for the wait, even though we kept making awkward eye contact with our waiter, he never came over.
We finally were fed up with the wait and went to pay for our drinks so we could leave, just to have our waiter show up and tell us there was a little fire in the kitchen but our food would be out soon.

He waited until we were leaving to tell us what the hold up was???? Yeah no, terrible customer service! Certain people should never step into this industry and he's one of them. Wish I could remember his name, but he probably never gave it to us anyway 

Definitely not returning.
The food is delicious. I've eaten the cheeseburger both times when I went there. I also had the buffalo wings the last time I went, which was on Friday April 6th around 2am. The first time I went was better than the second time I went. The first waitress I had was still annoying, but the second waitress the second time we just couldn't stand. They are so miserable and cumbersome every time they come to our table rushing us to go, both times we went. Just because of the service I'm not going back there ever again. They aren't worth tipping because of the service they give. The first time, me and boyfriend gave the waitress the benefit of the doubt of being tired and getting off her shift, and gave her a generous tip of $5. The second waitress we didn't tip at all, it was terrible. The food is delicious but the waitresses are very annoying. They can't even let us eat in peace. Both times we barely stayed for half an hour. I really want to give the restaurant more stars, but I really can't.
Four seasons for the most part is touch & go. This is one of my grandmoms favorites so I can't argue with her when we go out. Their salad bad is usually fresh except the one time it wasn't. Their breakfast menu is better than lunch & dinner . The service is satisfactory to sometimes outstanding. Sunday's are typically very crowded
Really good bread pudding.  And tasty baked goods.
Cannolis.  Sure.
We came here based on a local saying it was a good little local diner.
And she was right.
It's a good local diner.
I've been here a few times and I will try my hardest not to go back. First I would like to say how ridiculously overpriced they are for their quality of food.
Previous experiences have included: ordering the dinner turkey meal, I can't remember anything other than not being able to eat my turkey because it was COVERED in parsley. I get that some may use a dry herb for decoration but when it interrupts a meal, that's pretty bad.
Ordering a french dip sandwich which came with a cup of soup but because of the hour they no longer had soup (understandable) but nothing else was offered in place. Maybe take it off the menu or have a special late night only menu like so many other places do if you can't comply by your own menu.
Ordered a ribeye steak later on at night. It was so overcooked but that wasn't even the worst thing, it was seriously water logged.. how frozen does something have to be for it to be water logged? 
At first I thought it was just because I ordered food late but honestly, if you can't produce quality 24 hours a day then don't be open 24 hours a day.. but that wasn't even the problem because the turkey incident happened during the dinner rush. They just have sucky quality.
I wish I could say something nice about this place but honestly, I don't remember one good thing because of the terrible experiences I've had. Moral of the story: don't go here. You could travel a little further and get quality food at another 24 hour dinner.
Food was pretty bad all around.  The sausage gravy smelled like motor oil or something.  Won't order from here again
I arrived at the Four Seasons Diner around dinner time. There was plenty of parking, and it wasn't too crowded. My party and I quickly got a booth.

Atmosphere: 
The outside is one long building next to a McDonalds with plenty of parking. The inside is lit up with neon signs. There are many booths, tables, and appeared a bar as well.  I appreciated that the booths were very personal and you weren't sitting on top of anyone.  There was also a large salad bar in the back.

Coffee: 
The coffee was excellent and the waiter refilled it often. There wasn't anything unique or unusual about it.

Food: 
The Four Seasons Diner has every option you could want or need. Plus other things I've never seen at a diner before like creole! I can appreciate a restaurant with a salad bar too. I was in a pork chop mood so I decided to order the pork chops. It came with more food than I can imagine.  I had run that day but still found myself unable to finish everything.

I started with the matzah ball soup and salad bar.  The soup was good and I rarely see matzah ball soup have strips of chicken in it too.

The salad bar had a lot of options. It's one of the better salad bars I've seen. There were several different kinds of greens, the usual salad toppings, three bean salad, beets, artichoke hearts, marinated mushrooms, cornbread, and even grape leaves.

My entrée came with pork chops, applesauce, and a baked potato. The pork chops were cooked well, and they weren't too rubbery. They were some of the better diner pork chops I've had. The applesauce and baked potato were typical of a baked potato and nothing unusual about them.

Service: 
Our waiter was one of the most friendly waiters we've had.  He refilled our beverages often, plus our food came out fast. I couldn't have asked for better service.

Overall Thoughts/Would I Come Back?
I enjoyed the Four Seasons Diner, and if I'm in the area again, I've be back. I was surprised by how great the food was and it's one of my more favorite diners in the Philadelphia area.
I love this diner! I wish they would open one closer to me! Decided to go on Christmas with a friend. The salad bar was being cleaned up and filled up non stop. The specials were all meals that I felt were special for the holiday! I ordered 4 seasons of Charlemagne! Shrimp, scallops, salmon, and crab meat over lobster Ravioli. After the soup, salad and bread over 1/2 of this along with desert came home with me.  I'm looking forward to left overs tomorrow. 

There was a wait but there was a nice sized waiting room and seating. The waiting area is filled with photos of people with the owner along with other things that made it clear they support the community. 

Can't wait to return!
We moved away and miss this place! While visiting family we decided to stop in and my god do I miss this place. Friendly staff and some huge servings of some tasty food! There French onion is delish, chicken parm is the best I ever had.... KFC will come in second when it comes to popcorn chicken. Clean and friendly and food is alway consistent in taste and presentation
I have gone here many times for sunday breakfasts with family and have always had a good experience. Quick friendly service and large tastey portions. The interior isn't great but that isn't something I was expecting in a diner.
Not a good place to go if you don't like overwhelmingly large menus. This place has good food but my last visit yesterday didn't go so well.
I ordered from the specials board the sirloin combo with stuffed shrimp and crab, huge mistake the sirloin was really tough to digest I ordered it medium rare and it came back nearly medium well done. The starches were bad too, how do you fudge up mashed potatoes, the dish came out with wedged potatoes which was not what I ordered, the gravy lacked luster too the corn on the cob was rather bland too they could have easily grilled it to give it some pizzazz the waiter was friendly and attentive but lacked basic menu knowledge of the specials. I wasn't happy with my meal but my family liked their entrees. I wouldn't go back for fear of ordering something that I won't like again. They need to beef up the staff and show them how to help customers choose from their wide selection of entrees.
My favorite diner in the neighborhood! everything about this place is tasty and the service is excellent! The salad bar is divine but I wish it was open 24 hours, but I understand why it is not. Come here for breakfast, lunch, dinner or late night and you wont be disappointed! They just opened a new location on Busleton ave and I want to go to that location as well!
This is the best diner around.  Very consistent and a great value for the money.  I've had only good meals there and the salad bar is clean and fresh.  You'll be glad you did!
I was very excited to have dinner at this diner. What a waste of excitement. The beginning and end of the meal was fine...fresh offerings at the salad bar, excellent lentil soup...and then came the entree. Tough shoe leather steak, dry coconut shrimp minus coconut, generic tepid jambalaya. But the chocolate pudding was chocolatey and creamy, and the mint chocolate chip ice cream was delicious. Service was friendly and efficient.  We should have skipped the middle part. And it was expensive!!
place is good, service is GREAT, and the prices are really good, salad bar is pretty good, food is way above average for a philly diner, try to ge there 2 times a month
Other than good service, I would never go back to this diner. The food was overpriced. I really can't believe they charge $4 for a glass of orange juice. Then they charge you to get a refill. So yea, I was looking at $8 for some freakin orange juice! The food was overpriced as well. The portions were OK, but the food tasted REALLY bland. I had pancakes, homefries, and scramble eggs. My husband had the same except he also had steak. The steak could have been much better, and the homefries had no flavor. He didn't even like his eggs which he thought were too dry. No specials on the menu in my opinion. Highly upset with having to pay such a huge bill for mediocre breakfast.
Disgusting food.. have eaten several things from breakfast items to dinner and haven't likes anything !
First, the server that served my table didn't pay attention to us until he brought out the food and left and we needed more water and sauce. The food wasn't that great to be honest, I thought the wings would have a bit more of a punch, but it was bland and didn't fill me or my friends. However when we went to go pay, we met the owner at the cash register and he was so nice that it shocked us! I would probably just go back to meet the owner again.
Great food and service! We always go there with my family whenever my husband and I stop by to visit my family in NE Philly from MD.
I remember when this once was a friendly's restaurant years back. 

And then four Seasons Diner, back few years I stopped in for a burger. And was good and Delicious!! 

Never Tryed the breakfast till this morning. I don't know what's happen, but not the same what it once was. 

I got the breakfast special with coffee. The coffee was good. But the rest well. The eggs were okay, but the home fries are dry and so was the piece of Scrapple I got was dry too, I was surprised I never expected this especially the diner I was at once before. 

The waitress never came back to the table to see if I need it a refill on my coffee.  I was glad for another waitress that walk by to get a refill on my coffee!! Never came back to the table to see how everything was. 

I don't think I will be coming back hear anytime soon for a bite to eat.
We visited The Four Seasons Diner. The food was great. We had breakfast. But the menu has a lot of breakfast lunch and dinner options. We ordered the pancakes, French toast, scrapple, sausage and home fries. Everything was delicious.
If you can't handle a typical Saturday Morning rush & I have to wait an hour for eggs? You have no reason to be in business....
Nice interior, not what I was expecting judging from the appearance outside. Waitress was friendly,fast and didn't mess up the order. Above average diner food
The Spaghetti With Meat Sauce makes the trip to this Diner worth it alone!!! The Fried Seafood Combo is yummy, the Salad Bar is wonderful. That's just some of the menu don't get me started on the eggs and the other breakfast items!!! The baked goods at the counter are a must. Never had anything we didn't like. It's 24 hours with decent parking. They now deliver and have take out. Both services I hear are great. Love the fish tanks too, very cute happy fish. If you're hungry and in NE Philly this place is a must.
Came for ham and cabbage it was 15.99 for diced ham and frozen vegetable medley  I could have made better for 2.50. This will be the last time we go here. Way overpriced for not very good food.
I have been here quite a few times and really liked it and have been recommending it, however, yesterday around 3 p.m. we went and it was TERRIBLE. I think they are getting sloppy and lazy since business has been good, but this is an easy way to lose customers. My husbands corn on the cob was freezing cold and my potatoes were serves burnt in the shape of the pan! (seriously). This wasn't an accident and it was not edible. I can't fathom any respectable chef that cares about his job or customers sending out a plate like that. You couldn't even cut it with a knife. No one was happy with their meal (we were a party of 3). I only gave 2 stars because I always enjoy the fish tank. It's a shame. It was a decent diner, but seems as if they've stopped caring/trying. Hit or miss, maybe, but we won't be trying again for a while if at all.
Just left. Was served undercooked chicken and when I made a complaint the "manager", Moe, tried to convince me that it was juicy. My husband has been a chef for 15 years. It was raw. Then, while we're waiting, a waitress gets cake out of the front fridge, gets icing on her hand and licks it off. Will be making a phone call to the Health Department. Ridiculous.
Greta family restaurant for breakfast, lunch, dinner and bakery of divine desserts, cakes, pastries and pies. Superb management staff and friendly waiter's and waitresses. Specials throughout the day and also have available delivery.
The food here was utterly disgusting . I had crab cakes which were okay. My mashed potatoes were completely hard , the brocolli was not done. My partner had chicken Santa Monica and it was half done and looked disgusting , i will never come here again. I don't know how they are able to serve food here ...
Great $$$, big selection on menu , friendly stuff. Great diner. You will love it. So try it soon.
First time I went here I loved it but visit after visit things weren't as great. Haven't went for dinner so I don't know how it is but the breakfast/lunch I get there satisfies me. However, the last couple of times there were little turn offs such as when I received dirty utensils. Waiters are a little slow on getting things to you and a few times forgot all about stuff that was asked for and had to be reminded. But even after that I continue you go there... I just inspect my spoon & fork before digging in to the food.
This place looks cheap from the outside but homey in the inside. It has a great "showcase" of pies and cakes that look really good. Booth was clean. U ordered a cheese club and it was good and tasted fresh. Tomatoes were not soggy. My husband got an order of French toast and he loved it. The service could've been better. The waiter was not to friendly and didn't smile once. I know its late but it's open 24 hours so service should be the same always. The hostess (which i believe is the owner) was extremely nice! We will be back.
They served a bitter red sauce over my pasta with bland pieces of chicken strips that tasted like the back of there freezer. My pasta dish was way overpriced at $14.00 (cheesecake factory prices) and it was such a terrible food experience. There's no doubt in my mind that four seasons is cutting corners with the food quality. 

It's so surprising to see this restaurant function with such a low standard considering the platform potential that they have in that neighborhood. There is very little competition for this restaurant in the area, and a lot of there clientele are either elderly or long time guests. This might explain why they think they could get away with such horrible food.

Either way, I won't be returning.
The waiter messed up my order by bringing me Italian sausage when I clearly asked for bacon, and as I was putting the syrup on my pancakes my gf notice two curly little black hairs on them. Needless to say I was disgusted and turned off by the food.
Don't judge a book by its cover. This place looks like a rundown shack driving by. The food is actually fresh and well prepared for diner food. Nothing gourmet but not expected either.
This was my first time at this diner. The feel of this diner is more modern than most with a couple tvs and more modern interior which makes for a good ambiance. The booth I sat in was a bit tight but made the meal intimate. I ordered the big breakfast and my wife ordered ham Swiss poached egg bagel. The eggs were a bit undercooked and the pancakes were very thick and mushy. My wife's bagel was burnt and both of our home fries were way too salty.  The service however was great. Everyone was friendly and very attentive. Just for that I would give this place another shot but maybe next time I'll try lunch.
I went to have dinner there and The customers were talking very loud with filthy language, it was very disturbing and inconvenient, i told the manager about it and he didn't do nothing, the waiters have a bad attitude, never going back again and I don't recommend this diner
Disclaimer: I was told that there may be an issue with their phones. So I am fully aware.

Ive had multiple issues calling into this establishment. I enjoy coming in and the servers have always been great.

I was going to order in through grub hub today, but the option that I was looking for was not available (2 French toast instead of 3). I decided to call instead. I asked the first woman to place an order for delivery. She said she needed to place me on hold and the call disconnected.i figured it was a mistake.

I called back in. It may have been the same woman. She took my order, but didn't seem to understand that grub hub states an egg white omelette comes with spinach onion mushroom tomato and broccoli. I said no broccoli please. She said it doesn't come with anything just egg white and cheese. So I added the other toppings. After placing the order, my girl forgot to get a price and I wanted to make sure that I wasn't charged for the tomato, onion spinach. 

I called for the price. I got a different woman this time. She kept asking me for the address of the order. She asked me at least 3 times and then said the order was $20 something. She says" wait, thats the wrong price, whats your address again?" and  placed me on hold. She asked me for my address like 5 times and still got it wrong. The line disconnected again. 

I called back and got a man. I asked to speak to a manager. He tells me that he is the manager. I asked for his name. He said his name was Moe. I thanked him and told him that I frequently patronize his restaurant. I have been disconnected multiple times by different people. His answer was that he was been at the phone for 20 minutes and there was no way that anyone else answered the phone besides him (implying that I'm schizophrenic and hallucinated my multiple calls.) He told me to just come in. The reason for ordering is the convenience of not having to come in.  He then passed me off to a different guy to give me a discount. (I didn't ask for a discount by the way)btw, keep in mind that he is the manager. Why is he passing off the phone?

The other guy answers. I asked him for his name. He says Moe. I said, you're both named Moe? He says yes. I started to explain what happened. He and the "other Moe" were so indignant that I told him to cancel my order and I disconnected. 

The first woman calls back and says "i have a price for your order" she kindly explained that they have multiple issues with their phones and she apologized for my treatment by the other servers and so called manager. She did cut me off while I was explaining the issue, but I can tell she meant well.(I think). I understand defending your stance, but I work in customer service too. Instead of defending, try to solve the problem at the root cause!

 I will not be giving my money to this place again. They were very rude and I always have an issue calling in or ordering through grub hub. I come in often with my girlfriend and a few late nights with friends. I always speak highly of this place, but ordering out is the worst. I would have said it was just a bad day for them, but I hate getting the front desk on the phone.
Let's start with  the positive. It's fairly clean inside, safe and vibrant location, as well as fast and friendly service. The waiter was polite and always promptly meeting our request. The menu definitely has a great selection of food and I love the fact they have a salad bar. It was a group of four and when he brang out our appetizer of chicken wings it was plentiful, hot and deliciously flavorful, nice and crispy. However I ordered a fried chicken sandwich, it was light and had no flavor I could have made it. The fries were great, steak cut but didn't give me enough. I would go here again but will never order that again. Overall a fair experience
This place is the best. Everyone is friendly and helpful. All of their food, even things you would think wouldn't be good at a diner, are amazing. For dinner entres you get soup, salad bar (which is amazing and fresh), bread, two sides , and dessert all for a very reasonable price. Everything they make is huge potions and all delicious. I love their breakfasts and lunches as well. They have a phenomenal cake and cookie case. I live in the neighborhood and have been going here ever since these owners bought it from the gross Friendly's owners. This place is so clean. Also, they deliver. Can't say enough good things about Four Seasons.
I go here all the time. 
For a while, my roommate and I were like two "young old ladies" coming here for breakfast. 

It's homey. 
It's not going to be on par with Gordon Ramsay, but it's comfortable and the food is solid. 

The staff is welcoming and sweet, especially when you're locked out of your house and it's cold...and all you want is a hot cup of coffee and a sandwich. 

Thanks guys.
Yummy buffalo chicken salad and creamed chip beef. Host Mo is great. Salad bar has apparently won a Best of Philly award, but I think it's pretty crappy.
Great food and nice atmosphere! They have the best burgers! Have never been disappointed here. And they're open late night which is a huge plus
It's a diner. it's not in Center City so your not paying $10+ for an omelet, you're paying $6-$7. I work downtown on Sunday Mornings in a breakfast restaurant, so I am quite familiar with the Philly Brunch Scene. That being said, this was really close to my boyfriend's new house and we went for breakfast on a beautiful, warm sunny Saturday morning. The place was seemingly busy outside but had a nice flow going inside. It smelled great starting from the parking lot, which broke down some prejudice I instinctively had due to its location and the appearance of the exterior.

My server Kate, was young and clean and had a great personality. She was more than attentive and had no problem taking my home fries back to be cooked a bit more. As expected, they were on the same plate as the omelet, and when the dish came back out, it had cooled down a bit. Even when they came back, the home fries  were far from well done or crispy as I originally asked for-- but that is a kitchen mistake. Honestly, they were still barely cooked enough. But overall, we didn't wait long for anything. 

Even though I love good home fries, and mine or my boyfriend's were not cooked nearly enough, I would give this place another try. The Mushroom, Onion, Bacon and Swiss Omelet was delicious. The restaurant was definitely clean enough, and my server was nice and attentive. I would like to give this diner four stars, but can't because one major component of the breakfasts we ordered wasn't four star worthy.
Boring and bland. I think this place is good for kids with sensitive taste buds to eat at. My favorite part was the soda. 

Dry food with little-to-no flavor. I've only been here once and I think that in this instance, once is enough. It could use with a lot of improvement, but it's still got some potential to be pretty good.
other than being on a busy corner and having a semi cramped parking lot, this place is awesome. I can't think of a time when I've come here, whether early in the morning or late at night and the service wasn't near perfect. The food is great and its moderately priced. The ambiance is relaxing and this is a great place for either date night or night out with the family
I ordered today for the second time from work using grubhub, I am giving this a sub part review because it just isn't anything special. The omelette was over done and gummy, the sausage was quite overcooked, and the home fries that they charged me to add onions to, had about a teaspoon worth of sautéed onion CORE for .25 extra charge. It was dropped on top of the potatoes like an afterthought. I was loaded with jelly, and no ketchup at all for take out. It's not that anything was inedible, but for waiting about an hour (which was within the expected wait time, so not a bad thing) and paying as much as charged for breakfast food here, it should be better than "decent". I won't order again because I feel it is money better spent somewhere else.
This is the real deal diner experience - silk flowers, aquariums, tropical photos, neon lights, and a packed house. It may sound a bit cheesy, but they do it so well, it's actually endearing. I should also mention I am not a diner person, as a matter of fact, I mostly hate all diners. but this one, this one I like. Huge portions, cheap prices, crazy decor, good food and pretty good service. If you're up for a diner I suggest checking out Four Seasons.
A few years ago this place was great. The last visit I decided I would no longer return, from a waiter actually trying to sell me drugs (we serve Pepsi but I have coke) to pushing their new Pharmacy to now selling perfume at the bakery counter I am finished. The food tastes microwaved and bland.  Maybe they should focus on the restaurant and lay off the fragrance & pharmacy business.
This place is really close to home so we figured we would try it out. The service was great and the food was decent. The reason for the poor review was that my wife got Salmonella there. We suspect that they cut her roasted vegetables with the same knife that they used to dice her chicken before it was cooked. So we will no longer come here for a meal they weren't careful.
My friend and I have gotten breakfast here like three times and none of the times were we disappointed. We were sat quickly and were given drinks to start us off. Although it took us a while for us to place our order, we didn't really mind because our server had a few other tables. They have a wide variety of breakfast to lunch to dinner foods. Our food came out after about 10-15 minutes and everything was great. Would recommend to other friends and revisit myself!
Love the Four Seasons Diner! We usually go for Sunday breakfast, but the one time I did go for lunch we tried the salad bar and it was definitely worth it. Lots of choices and everything was fresh and tasty.
As for the breakfast, a winner every time. Country fried steak is crunchy and meaty with rich sausage gravy poured over top. Omelets are huge and perfectly cooked. Just had a mushroom, onion, Swiss and bacon omelet and it might be the best I've ever had. seriously, the food here is great!
They also have quite a few fish tanks which keep my 2 yr old entertained. Service is above average and the managers/owners always stop by to check-in. Last time I was there they gave me a 15% off card. Used it this time and they gave it back to me after i paid. Does this mean i get 15% off every time? love it! oh yeah, I'll be back next weekend!
Great Food,Great Service Go There all the time. Say Hello to Big Moe& Little Moe & Tina/ Cookie,Threasa and Will&Ashley
Horrible. Don't waste your hard earned money, when there are far better options in the area (Country Club, Dining Car, etc). Horrible food, horrible service, dirty. I honestly don't know how they've lasted this long.
I've been to this diner many times and have always found the entrées to be large any very good. They do have a nice salad bar. Nothing great but quite adequate. Very good presentation along with good service 
The only negative is because they are so busy during dinner hours you might have a wait to get a table.
My favorite diner in Philly. Go there with my lady and friends/co-workers all the time. Best French Toast I've had since moving to Philly two years ago. Also have surprisingly great chicken wings (I'm not even a wing person, tbh.) Oh yeah - gotta love their milkshakes too. Very friendly people at the counter that always makes me feel welcome. Will continue to be a regular!
This resturant used tt be top notch, on Friday July 14, my husband I went there for breakfast. It was around 9 am .To my shagrin my husband had a strand of hair in his coffee. She apologized and brought him  fresh cup. We got our breakfast,  potatoes bland, thd eggs were hard, cornbeef hash was taken from a can a half cooked on the grill. The worst is coming, my husband is drinking the coffee and he spits out a seed. Disgusting. The manager came over and apologized and walked away, So did we, we did not pay for that meal. My thoughts were if the table is dirty , i can imagine what the kitchen looks like. We will not be back. Beware, the place has fell off!!!!!!
Whenever I went it was pretty crowded with no parking spots available, and a 1 hour wait until we were finally seated with an additional 20-30 minute wait until our food was served; however the food was pretty okay and they always prepared it for me exactly how I requested it.
Their roast  turkery dinner was the  best i ever had - plus they give you vegetables soup and a salad bar
i used to frequent tiffanys in the past, but ever since this place opened, this is my go to diner. everything i order here is wonderful. for the ones that complain about their food, i wonder what they order, because i never have a problem. 
service is great here, and the food comes out pretty fast. no complaints about this place!
Definitely my go to spot for food, coffee, and friendly service. I recommend the pies, steaks, and French toast.
Can't go wrong with the prime rib or steak n' eggs.
Omg! I woke up thinking about this food!! Me and my husband dined at 3am...and the food was beyond delicious!! It wasn't because we were hungry, every single thing we ordered was hot and FRESH! Not oily and heavy----JUST PERFECT AND DELICIOUS!! We had the French Toast, bacon, Pancakes, Spinach/Broccoli Fetta egg white omelette and sausage....YUM!!!! We will be back!!
We  went to Four Seasons with high expectations and were very disappointed.  On the positive side, the entrees were quite good and reasonably priced.  The salad bar was very, very nice and the owner/host was alive and amiable.  Everything else was downhill.  Our waiter was friendly but less than competent.  We had long waits between courses (because he was chatting elsewhere?) and never did get the coffee we ordered when he took our order.  The cream of broccoli soup was tasteless.  We got one small roll per person.  (I thought they had a reputation for generous portions.)  The rice pudding serving was minuscule.  Four or five half-spoonfuls and that was that.  Worst of all were the vegetables--straight from a frozen bag and dry. Maybe we caught them on a bad day, but we won't return to find out if that was the case.   We much prefer Clubhouse Diner and the Great American Diner, both in Bensalem
Service was horrible! Wanted for 30 minutes for my eggs as waitresses played in a empty diner, my table being the only customers!!!!!! Food was not worth the wait!!!!!  This experience was one of the worse I've ever had!
So this is mine and my girlfriend's GO-TO spot! We LOVE this place. I decided to take us there on one of our first dates and ever since then it's been our favorite spot together. Their portioning is HUGE. Now some people could find this as a bad thing, but if you can eat and bring some home to eat later? That's awesome!

So anything I've gotten there, I've been more than happy eating! I mainly get breakfast when I go to diners, but this place has an awesome quesadilla and breakfast options.

I've never had their salad bar, but everyone raves about it. Their menu is huge. So if you don't know what you'd like to eat, I'd be careful. But if you're looking for a place to explore the menu. This is the place.

5/5 because the staff is amazing, the food is amazing, the environment is amazing. They usually play Frank Sinatra or maybe even some Shawn Mendes. They play Eagles on the TV when they're playing. Just a really great place!

LOVE IT!
My mother scheduled a reservation for 5:00 p.m. on 12/29/18. When my family of ten arrived to the restaurant we were asked to wait ten minutes. My mother asked the hostess (red hair and glasses) at 5:30 p.m. is the table ready, she responded she can't do anything about it. When my mother asked minutes later how long does she think the wait would be the hostess  stated "You can leave or comfort the people sitting in the reserved table but I am done talking to you". I am extremely disappointed in the robotic attitude  the hostess used towards my mother. I been going to Four Seasons for years and can't believe what I observed today at this establishment.
Had a late breakfast. Found bones in my sausage patty. When I pointed it out to the owner, he said he buys it from a vendor. No apology he did take a $1.00 off. Waiter got my order item wrong I corrected him twice he got pissy.  Goodbye.
Menu is huge.  Food was very very good.  Salad bar is amazing!  I sat there on a Sunday night for two hours with a friend catching up and never once felt like they wanted us to leave.  Oh course we left a large tip because we were there a while.  All of the staff was friendly. That salad bar is calling my name!
Took a trip to Four Season for the first time for lunch last week. I was kind of leary about driving past our usual diner to go to this one, but I'm always down for trying new places and I was not disappointed. I tried the one of the Four Season's lunch specials of the day which was a crab cake sandwich. I wasn't sure how good a crab cake would be at a diner, but it was surprisingly really great! And it came with a cup of soup or their salad bar. They have a lot of options and everyone I was with seemed to like what they got. Try it! Its worth the trip.
I had breakfast there yesterday:

Creamed Chipped Beef on Toast with potatoes. 2 over easy eggs on the side.

The gravy was a little thicker than I really like, but good enough. There was plenty of beef in there. The eggs were cooked perfect.

I will be going back.
Always a good time here. Hostess greeted me with a smile as usual. Friendly staff. Great diner food! Normally I say diners only do breakfast and sandwiches well but this is one place that does every meal great! Even while busy, waitress was always attentive and refilling beverages. Super cheap prices. That salad bar gets me allllllll the time. Smh... ever been to a diner where the salad looked days old, tomatoes look ripe enough to be thrown into a meat sauce, toppings are dull and listless??? Well not here. From the lettuce to Pasta salads, they're salad bar gives Ruby Tuesday's salad bar a run for the money. Yes its only a diner. But I absolutely love the at home feeling. You cannot resist the pastries calling your name as you walk out the door!!
I wish I could stick with my old review, but over the past year things have just... changed. The staff always seem pissed off or exhausted (hard job I know). The food quality has decreased and last time I found a hair in my food. When I found the hair I had already eaten most of the meal, so I just informed the waitress, paid, and left. The fish and chips is good after you squeeze out all the oil off the fish because it swims in the abundance of oil as if it's still in the ocean. My friend had a ruben that literally made her sick.
I feel horrible leaving this review. For years I have loved the four seasons. I decided to order today for Mother's Day as a delivery order because my daughter has a broken foot and I wanted to make it most comfortable for her. Disappointment is an understatement. At first I couldn't decide what to eat so I ordered both eggplant parm as well as chicken breast stuffed with crab meat. When I have ever had eggplant it has always been coated in breadcrumbs. Even soggy it always had a bite. But this eggplant seemed only egg washed. It was under seasoned as well. My chicken was supposed to come with a potato and veggie which didn't arrive. When I tried to call and ask what happened to my sides, the phone just kept ringing and ringing. So I gave up. My husband had Crab filled salmon that was supposed to be over risotto, rather it was over white rice. The entire dish was greasy and the crab meat contained pieces of shell. Our daughter had a patty melt with fries, her onions were crunchy and the bread was burnt. We all had a shake for dessert, they were watery and two of the three had an off flavor to them. I was extremely disappointed with my Mother's Day dinner and the amount of money that was spent.
To call this a diner is somewhat misleading, because the food is very good.  A friend recommended the restaurant to me, so my family and I tried it out.  When we arrived, I noticed that this place had a cozy atmosphere. But what I was most impressed with was the food.  There's something on the menu for everyone - seafood, sandwiches, dinner entrees, you name it. The dinner entrees are huge and include salad bar, soup, 2 sides, and a small dessert.  They also serve freshly baked cinnamon rolls, and my favorite - baked rolls with a hint of cream cheese.  Needless to say, we were stuffed!  We have returned many times since then, trying different entrees, and we have never been disappointed.  I can truly say that this is now our favorite diner!
Poor service, we order the prime ribs and they grill for us without notice, and we change to t bone steak, it purpose 
Come with mix vegetable, but when the waiter bring to table which is just steak with no vegetables, no knife, no Steak sauce, and the waiter show his face like we are annoying, we ask for the mix vegetable, and he already walk away, and  he probably think we can use hand to eat the steak
At the corner of the Blvd and Cottman you will find the Four Seasons.  Stopped in for a lunch today.  We sampled the chicken noodle soup that lacked flavor was overloaded with carrots and could be more appropriately titled noodle soup as the chicken was  sparse.  Our order today; turkey club and Texas chicken sandwich.  The chicken sandwich served in a hearty Kaiser roll sported two chicken breasts bacon lettuce tomato and cheese. Once again lackluster in flavor.  A turkey club is a turkey club - made with real turkey not slimy lunch meat was a plus. Bacon was tough and tasted as though it was prepped in the microwave.  Both lunch plates came with a lovely little whole pickle and slaw.  Spare yourself and pass on the slaw that is drowning in vinegar and I found it completely inedible.   Will I be back? Certainly, it's a diner and I got what I expected.  We weren't expecting 5stars here just to sustain ourselves for the rest of the busy Friday ahead of us. Friendly waitstaff that worked as a team, however the cashier who was sloppy in appearance seemed annoyed and distracted which in the end cost four seasons another star.
