This South Philly bakery sells crack by the mouthful, in the form of ice cream doughnuts.

Go on, try one.

Imagine a doughnut, halved, with a block of vanilla ice cream - they'll dish out Neapolitan if you're feeling patriotic - jammed in-between the doughnut halves, all covered in powdered sugar. The ice cream's an unknown-brand, but who cares: one ice cream doughnut goes for the bargain price of $2.50. Plus, we're not talking any doughnuts, but Italian doughnuts.

If you don't like doughnuts, they've got other pastries, too.
I always take out of town guests here for a taste of South Philly and some gluttony. I mean what's more sinful and over the top than a donut filled with thick, creamy cannoli filling....chocolate chip "riggot" aka ricotta, of course?!

Deep in the heart of South Philly is this little corner, no frills spot where the accents are thick and the "honeys" and "babes" are thrown around freely. This is home to the famous "frannoli" and it's on many lists for "top foods to try in Philly". I'm going to go ahead and say it's worth the trek...at least once. The treats are freshly filled to order and you can take a tub of cannoli cream home for dipping or filling your own shells. In the fall they have even pumpkin cannoli filling for a limited time and in the summer they can substitute the cannoli cream for ice cream! It's insane looking. They're huge and really one can be split between two people. 

Most recently we hit up Frangelli's for the classic Chanukah treat, Sufganiyot (jelly filled donuts). While all of the other bakeries in town were sold out or pre-order only for these, Frangelli's had them ready to go without notice. Excellent place to hit up if you're looking for jelly donuts that don't need to be kosher! Must keep this in mind next year. 

We also ordered pb&j, chocolate and vanilla cream filled powdered, and salted caramel as well. Lost of "oohing" and "ahhing" and even for a chocolate loving fam, the salted caramel was one of the favorites. We highly impressed our family with a box of these and certainly won't hesitate to bring them to another gathering or serve them here again. These donuts are light, absolutely filled to the brim, and both crowd and pocket pleasers. Great bang for your buck at $12 a baker's dozen. 

A South Philly gem.
A box of six of the most delicious sticky buns you ever did taste (with nuts or raisins - your choice!) will set you back only $5.50. That's less than a dollar per sweet, sticky, gooey bun! 

The donuts and cakes also looked incredible but we were on a mission for buns only. I'd definitely make the trip to deep South Philly again for more sweet treats!
These donuts are incredible! 

They are made on site and filled in front of you with the different fillings that you want. 

The donuts (shells) are crispy and soft and so fresh! 

When I came on this visit I got the jelly donuts and the peanut butter and jelly filled, with some cream, we also picked up some donuts with cannoli filling and I must say they were so delicious!
I've heard many great things about Frangelli's Bakery. They have cronuts, ice donuts and donnolis. But I've been unable to try any after two attempts.

First attempt: Last summer, I went there during business hours. But instead of being open, there was a taped up piece of paper that had written on it that basically they had "Gone Fishin" and won't be back for several weeks.

Second attempt: Again, went during business hours that were reported on Yelp. Tried to confirm but they don't have a website or answer their phone. Turns out they started new hours and are closed on Mondays. Really wished they picked up the phone on Sunday when they were open to let me know this.

Bottom line:
 - No Website
 - Don't answer their phone
 - No greeting on their voicemail. 
 - Close shop for weeks when they go on vacation
 - Incorrect hours on Yelp

I'm still holding off on giving them one star since I really hope to try their baked items. Maybe my third trip will work out.
After hearing rumors and seeing pictures of a cannoli donut we had to go on the hunt. We found the bakery sitting on a corner tucked away in a neighborhood. After walking in and smelling the fresh donuts we new we were in for a treat. The place is small but their food packs a big punch. They specialize in donuts and pastries and they are the creator of the famous cannoli donut. 

We ordered a lobster tail and two of the cannoli donuts. First we tried the lobster tail, the shell was nice and flakey, and the custard filling was very tasty and creamy. Next for the big anticipation we dove into the cannoli donut. The donut was soft and fresh and the cannoli filling was silky and had fantastic flavor. Wow! This just might be my favorite thing ever! Yes if you are a fan of cannoli's you just might fall in love with this creation.
Just a reminder that Frangelli's is still the South Philly bakery you want, need and deserve. I picked up cannoli donuts and sticky buns for a recent tailgate party (this was a serious tailgate party!) and they were, of course, a huge hit. The donuts were so fresh and the sticky buns were just incredible. Their prices have increased since my last visit but still remain very affordable. Totally worth that deep South Philly drive and questionable park job for sure!
"Hands Off My Sticky Buns!"

I've never been one to think about donuts. Perhaps because I prefer savory, perhaps because they're not necessarily phallus shaped. There could be any number of reasons. Anyway, some time back I stumbled across a Yelp mention of this South Philly donut emporium's ice cream donut, and because it's an ice cream sandwich concept, and I've lived the better part of my life in and around these creamy, handheld heroes, the very hint of something called an ice cream donut managed to massage open this teeny tiny lock inside my brain.

But I didn't go. I hemmed, and hawed, and days became weeks, then months. I'd arrange whole weekends around the pursuit of this donut. But inevitably the fates would come between us, like Deep Fried Romeo and Neapolitan Juliet.

That all changed last weekend. As my lovingly captioned photos attest, not only did I walk away with said ice cream donut (available with vanilla or neapolitan: vanilla/chocolate/gross strawberry) ... which was DELICIOUS ... I also ordered a sample of anything that everyone else in the store happened to be ordering:

Two (2) jelly donuts. Black raspberry. Dressed in cozy robes of powdered sugar.

Two (2) cream donuts. I watched as a flawless French manicure held the pump that filled each one before my eyes.

Three (3) sticky buns. These were OFF THE CHARTS. Gooey, tuggable toffy-lacquered hot damn tummy warming fresh from the imagination of Satan cinnamon rolls. You're a fool not to try them. A fool!

One (1) tea cake. Shaped like a scone, tastes like a dense, bready, raisin roll with a hint of yummy, warming sweet.

Now, a pop quiz. How much do you imagine all this would cost? Count everything up, but then! Run your numbers through a 1977 time machine. Because the answer is EIGHT DOLLARS AND FIFTY CENTS.

!!!

An anecdote. When I ordered the ice cream donut the woman behind the counter was visibly distraught. I thought, maybe it was a pain to make, or perhaps she was trying to spare me the embarrassment of a winter order gaffe. But no, the actual reason she was despairing was, as the counter staff was all too eager to reveal, she is clinically incapable of making one for a customer without making a second one for herself.

!!!

They were quite possibly the loveliest, cutest, most accommodating  bakery staff I've ever encountered.

If I were to find fault with anything (and I'd really be reaching here) ... it would be that the coffee pot teased me with bubbly, dark-brown sustenance -- but in fact was ice. cold. off. 

I wandered the blank streets in vain, searching out a cup of Joe to compliment my booty. A few blocks up, success! Or so it seemed ...

I happened upon a sign that beckoned with "expresso" among other S. Philly treasures (see photo.) 

As the screen door banged behind me, an ancient chinese secret woman nervously rushed to meet me, or perhaps to block me, from approaching the counter. Like an old Western, the place fell silent and I blurted, Coffee. She threw out her hands in front of her, fingertips a'shakin, saying Oh, no, we close. 

P.S. Come armed with coffee. And get ready for a creamy sweet rubdown, whatever bakery item your pleasure.

P.S. After my sale was rang up, another customer had the nerve to order a magazine-perfect strawberry shortcake ... and he neither indicated he found me attractive nor offered me a piece. So I'll have to go back.
I wanted donuts this weekend. I was thinking about Frangelli's on Saturday and while visiting Yelp over the weekend I saw Frangelli's was the ROTD that day (which also happened to be my birthday)! What! I took it as some sort of a sign. So on Sunday morning I ventured deep into the bowels of South Philadelphia to see what Frangelli's was all about. 

It is a small corner business that runs like a Swiss (Italian?) timepiece. I picked up a half dozen mixed donuts for $4.50 and when I got back to my car I sent myself straight into diabetic shock with one glazed donut, a bite of a jelly donut, and a bite of a cake donut with orange icing. The glazed was my favorite - dense and mad sweet. The cake was solid, also, although they aren't my preference. The jelly donut was covered in powdered sugar and I had to wait until I got home to ritualistically scoop out the majority of the mystery fruit jelly. This was also delicious. 

In addition to donuts, they offer many other baked goods, including cupcakes, gingerbread, call-ahead birthday cakes, sticky buns and more. My dad worked in a bakery most of my life, so I am a baked good fiend at heart and I'd say the donuts here stack up against some of my favorites. Excellent, all around.
Ok so I stopped in here after a 40 minute ride from the Northeast. It was about 11 am on Monday, I ordered a Donnoli. 

Pros
- Donnoli was fabulous and was worth every penny!

Cons
- counter girls were so rude! I ordered 2 donnolis to go, they didn't acknowledge that they heard me because they were having an in depth conversation about a wedding. But they must have heard me because they were bagging my order. I said thank you as the cash was exchanged and again nothing, still discussing the wedding, 

Customer service was terrible! If it wasn't so bad I would go back but unfortunley I will not return.
Not one to be satisfied by a few bites of water ice for dessert my last stop of the afternoon was at Frangelli's Bakery on Ritner St, a very aged spot where I'd targeted an ice cream donut sandwich only to be thwarted by a lack of ice cream that day - a bummer indeed, but one compensated by the lovely staff who offered be a free glazed donut hot from the fryer in addition to making the stellar recommendation of a Blackberry Powdered Sugar Donut - $1 and back to the streets to enjoy.

Starting first with the glazed, a nice litmus test although not my favorite sort of fried pastry, the glaze had largely dried by the time I walked a few blocks and still warm the yeasty notes were quite nice, though the dough itself slightly thicker than I'd have hoped - not 'doughy' per se, but also not light and fluffy as one would expect - a texture about halfway between a cake donut and a yeasted raised one.  Moving next to the filled option, thankfully not served hot as my first bite nearly left my shirt stained blue (and would have left my chin scorched if it were hot) I'll just say this was about as good as a jelly donut gets - absolutely stuffed with blackberry compote they make in house, light yet toothsome, and loaded with powdered sugar.  Somewhat akin to a Polish Paczki but not as dense, if you're in the neighborhood I'd strongly recommend checking one out - a great end to the first half of day one in Philly.
I recently experienced a major first! I enjoyed some donuts made in Heaven...I mean, Frangelli's. At least that's the way they tasted to me. I could sit here and write numerous adjectives about how delicious they were, but I wouldn't be doing them justice. Just go to this tiny, corner shop in South Philly and buy one, two or a dozen some morning. You'll thank me later.
This place is reason # 536 why I love my new neighbourhood. It's located dangerously close, right around the corner, and their hours aren't bad.

As soon as you walk in, it's like a wall of cookie-smell to the face, in such a delicious way. Try the donuts filled to order (I like the Italian pastry cream better than the jelly) and the sticky buns (minimum of 3 for an order).

On the suggestion of the ladies at the counter, I also tried a cinnamon-sugar cake donut. I warmed it up in the microwave at home for about 15 seconds and it was the perfect pair for my morning coffee. Glazed donuts are also awesome here.
It's so weird that they didn't have a menu on display. We didn't know what we could possibly get from this place... 

But good thing I had an insider tip from Dave H. about their ice cream doughnuts! A block of ice cream inside a doughnut. 

All their doughnuts here are so cheap I couldn't believe it when she told me to pay up: 89 cents, please. It made me feel like I should be ordering by the dozens. Or hundreds.
Everyone needs a little nostalgia every once and a while...Frangelli's delivers in spades!  This place is deeeep in South Philly where there's still a hoagie shop, convenience store or bakery on every corner (maybe a china-mart thrown in too).  

I've had incredibly friendly service with the young ladies behind the counter, and they have no problem answering questions or letting me talk to myself over my selection.  It's not often that three of my favorite baked goods all reside at the same location.

Here is the shopping list:

- White Cream filled doughnut w/ powdered sugar.  Yes, it's stuffed and powdered on the spot.  I've never had white cream like this, and it's perfection. $.85

- Jam filled doughnut w/ powdered sugar.  This is the real deal, with real fruit preserves.  $.85

- Cinnamon Sticks - You can't leave without them.  They're on top of the pastry counter every day, and they are more addictive than pure crack cocaine.  Never eat a whole one, because they are super rich and sugary, but not overly sweet.  $1.50

I have not had the pleasure of trying the ice cream doughnut, but I will make sure to try it in short order.  If you are coming over the Walt Whitman bridge and have a craving for insanely good Italian pastries, then put 9th and Ritner in your GPS.  There's plenty of parking and they take credit cards.
So I had a dollar in my wallet, and I wanted a donut. 

I look at Yelp and realize this place stuffs your donut to order and supposedly has rockin' sticky buns which my father likes. Then I realize I only have a dollar.

I scramble for spare toll money in my car (parents "borrowed" my EZPass, don't judge), and I come up with $4 for a total of $5! 

What $5 got me (with some change to spare):

- 3 sticky buns with walnuts on top
- 1 freshly stuffed donut with Italian creme(bread was doughy and chewy, creme not too sweet, finished with powdered sugar on top)
- 1 cup of coffee

Now my friends know this: I notoriously have a small (size) mouth. I eat my burger in layers or small mini bits (the perfect bite). Lemme just say that the Italian creme became a face mask...

It's hard to think of a place with better donuts (I prefer the chewy over the cakey). I'll gladly drive out of the way for goodies from this place.
I have a shrine dedicated to Frangelli's glazed doughnuts in my basement.  Every month I must sacrifice a dozen at the altar.

Great sticky buns and gingerbread too.
The Frannoli turned out to be everything I imagined it would be - light, soft, fluffy, and delicious! I knew that they couldn't go wrong with combining two of my favorite things: doughnuts and cannoli. The doughnut portion was fresh - moist and soft in the center - whereas the cannoli cream was very smooth and light, with some chocolate chips dispersed throughout. It was not too sweet, nor too greasy, which I really appreciated. I did not feel like death after eating it and could probably have eaten 11 more in one sitting. Sad about the tough location to get to and the $3 pricing per piece (seems like they used to be less), but these tasty treats are definitely worth the hike to have once in a while!
Ordinarily I don't like donuts... but I LOVE FRANGELLI'S DONUTS. I can't believe I've lived a few blocks away from this place since 2006 and just found out about it a few days ago. 

I got an assorted half-dozen to share with my guy and I've taken a bite (or more than a bite) out of each and I think my favorites are the glazed and the jelly. And the cream-filled. 

Can't wait to go back to try their cupcakes and coffee cake!
Frangelli's Bakery- South Philly-5-Stars 

Talk about a tiny hole in the hall joint.  Frangelli's is tucked into the anchor spot of a building on the corner of Ritner and 9th in a traditionally Italian part of town.  Frangelli's began in 1947 and has occupied the same space since 1994 (they were in their original location on 9th and Jackson from '47-'94) as such they are your stereotypical neighborhood icon such as the ones found throughout the Eastern Seaboard (everyone knows everyone and everything about everyone in the neighborhood).  It is quaint, it is homey, it is warm and welcoming to strangers and obvious tourists.

As we approached the counter a lovely lady by the name of Candice asked if she could help us.  Stating we were new in town, she proceeded to tell us everything, and I mean everything about Frangelli's and their menu.  She knew the place inside and out and was very helpful as well as exceedingly polite.  She said we should be sure to try their "Franoli" and their Hamentash.  Taking Candice at her word, I asked for a Franoli, some almond cookies and Hamentash. 

What exactly is a Franoli?  Well, to put it mildly, it is the best pastry item in the Galaxy, if not the Universe.  This little concoction of nummy for your tummy is a doughnut filled with cannoli filling.  The doughnut is so soft and springy, it is almost like cake instead of donut and it is stuffed with the most delicate, sweet cannoli filling I have ever had.  This is AMAZING!!  This, alone, is worth the airfare.  

Forcing my attention away from this Kingly food, I told myself that I had to at least try the other items, after all, I was "working" here.  To that end, next up were the Almond Cookies.  Have you ever had a Bear Claw?  Have you ever had marzipan?  If you have, imagine the two of them combining like Foles to Jeffery in last years Super Bowl.  This is a match made in the heaven.  The buttery goodness and subtle almond notes were just astounding.  This is truly a masterpiece of a cookie.  Finally, I turned my attention to the order of Hamentash.  Hamentash?  A filled triangular shaped cookie associated with the Jewish holiday of Purim, or Haman in a South Philly Italian neighborhood?  I had to have my researcher call and ask about that one.  Lauren explained to my lackey that back in the day the neighborhood was more mixed than it is now, with lots of Jews and Italians roaming the streets.  Even today, they get a lot of Jewish customers walking over from 7th.   As with everything else in the place, this too was made by hand. Hamantashen traditionally come in one of two forms, either soft and doughy or hard and crunchy.  These were an exemplary example of the latter.  The cookie was baked to the perfect doneness and while it was crunchy, it did not fall apart upon biting.  Instead, it crumbled in my mouth like so much mana.  The filling was delightful, obviously homemade and quite honestly blew my conception of a cookie right out the window.  

Sadly, we had reached the end of our order and it was time to leave.  Checking around one last time for any crumbs, we said our Goodbyes to Candice and exited onto Ritner.  Taking a moment to savor what we had just experienced, I couldn't help but feel like one of the neighborhood for a brief second.  OK, a microsecond as I was calmly asked to "move it fat boy" by a local passing by on the sidewalk.  You have to love this city!!  

The Big Boy says, "If you are anywhere near Philadelphia or the East Coast in general, make this a priority stop.  Frangelli's is 5 star all day every day!" #iamthebigboy #bigboydiningout
No better doughnut in Philadelphia. Yep, you read that right. 

They also do Italian cakes, pastries.

Small, family business.. why give your money to Dunkin Donuts?  

Easy to get to, quick service.. get the doughnuts!
Got a birthday cake for my niece here and half a dozen ice cream donuts... Ran in there soaked with rain. 

First thing I have to say is that I really enjoyed the genuine customer service by the beautiful staff here. They are very good people. 

Second thing, the ice cream donuts tasted sexy. It was THAT good. My brother loved it also when I had him try it. I believe the ice cream is French vanilla (a big plus for me as I'm not a big fan of regular vanilla at all). I'm not a big fan of sweets and I'm glad the donuts (not sweet at all but that actually was a good thing) complimented the ice cream very well. The flavors of the donut mixed in with the powdered sugar and the ice cream was rather intense with deliciousness but very subtle with the sweetness at the same time. You get a little bit of sweet with some nice vanilla from the ice cream and viola! A nice dessert.

Thank you to the sweethearts here who took care of me on a rainy day. Check out this spot.
Two words...cannoli donut!  Yes, you read that right, this place serves a donut filled with cannoli cream.  The filling is creamy and rich without being overly sweet.  This donut alone was worth the 35 minute trip to visit this bakery.

We stopped here mid afternoon and surprisingly there was a nice selection of baked goods left.  I opted for a half dozen donuts so we could try a few varieties.  We tried their PB & J which is basically a jelly donut topped with a peanut butter icing and  their Nutella (which is filled with a Nutella Cream mixture and topped with chocolate icing. Lastly we grabbed a Eagles green cream filled donut and a glazed donut.  

All of the donuts were delish and loaded with filling....and calories.  The cannoli donut are $3 each and the others are $1 each.

I'm actually glad this place is so far away from me or I'd turn into a cream filled human.
I always get the St Joseph cake here because I think it's the best. The pastry is very soft and moist filled with delicious Ricotta and mini chocolate chips and you bite it everything just melts in your mouth. The ricotta fillings isn't too sweet. 

You can get vanilla or chocolate filling also

Don't forget to get franoli which is donut filled with ricotta filling.

The donut is filled as you order: grape jelly, lemon, butter cream, or Italian cream.

Very nice and accommodating staff and owner.
Recently went back for donuts on a Sunday morning.  I love that they have hours on Sundays.  The donuts were amazingly wonderful - I had jelly AND pumpkin.  OMG the pumpkin was great.  Definitely wonderful.
Heard this place was great, I then tried a chocolate cake and couldn't stop eating it. I then chose to get a birthday cake. Looks like the wrong place for any design or writing. I cant believe the writing for a bakery, maybe they just thrive on taste and franollies. The writing looked like a beginner without supervision which believes me to think the standards and detail aren't important here. I hope and i'm sure the taste is better than what it looks like. If it does taste great, I may buy another in the future but leave it blank and i'll write the name. So this is the representation, the presentation that identifies their name when family and friends ask, where is from and i'll say Frangelli's.

UPDATE: Too funny and a shame. Before presented some people wanted to take a look and they legit asked, did I(we, my fiance and I) do the art work and writing. The birthday person even asked after we sang to him. The taste was good though, the icing and cake. The only other flutter was burn crust was left on. Like I said before, attention to detail, not their specialty and at that point, it was like, really, it's a bakery...come on. Hey maybe the art work isn't what they do and was something they just did to best they could, if so I thank whoever for trying but if this is something your supposed to do then practice is needed.
I finally got my hands on a cronut! Possibly a full year after the craze ended, but still, here I am. We drove all the way to this little local bakery in hopes of finding the donut I could no longer live without and well.....they came pretty close.

We arrived around 2 pm and the hallway-like bakery was almost out of stock. Although no lines, 3 very friendly women greeted us eager to take our order. There was a tray of assorted donuts that looked fresh, glazed, chocolatey and ready to enter my belly. I naively asked about the split open ones that had excessive filling and long and behold, they were mighty cronuts! In the fear of them being the best thing on earth, we got two of those and a cannoli stuffed donut for a pretty steep $9.

We took them home to devour after brunch settled and they were just as fresh. I must say that I don't know if it was the hype that ruined a cronut for me or the disgusting twinkie like cream filling. Bleh. The clear winner was the cannoli donut, which had the most perfect thick cannoli filling and a french cruller style donut on the outside...aka heaven for a fat girl.

Overall the place is such a cute little spot, no frills, except for the price tag.
My mother ate Frangellis Cream Puffs when she was pregnant with me & today they are still my favorite! This little bakery is the best little bakery in South Philly and I've been spoiled for years.  Every birthday was a Frangellis Strawberry Shortcake, which we ordered 2 weeks before my birthday because they closed the end of August for vacation, every evening was a walk to Frangellis for those sugary twists to have with coffee.  The chocolate donuts are 2nd to none.  Beware of the hand filled jelly donuts that will explode with jelly when you bite into them, or the hand filled cream donuts bursting with delicious cream,  the spice cake with chocolate frosting...YUM! and those cinnamon sticks they are making now??? addictive... the ice cream donut, dear god, my husband craves them!  I live near another local bakery and on St. Josephs day I ran in and just stood there, thinking, "what are you doing? these look horrible"! I left, jumped a cab on Broad St, and straight to Frangelli's for the lightest, most lushest, St. Josephs cake...I had the cab driver wait, all the while telling him about Frangelli's bakery and how great the cakes where...one very happy cab driver on the ride back...his very first Frangelli Chocolate Donut! I am positive he went back!
I've been coming here for years, even stayed loyal through the change of ownership years ago where the sweet older ladies who worked the counter were replaced by a younger, less friendly staff but it's a corner S. Philly bakery I'm not expecting over the top customer service. The white creme filling in their donuts is always good so I look past this subpar customer service & dirtiness of the bakers when they emerge from the back, it's kind of a turn off though to be honest, I mean their aprons are disgusting. 
Recently my past few experiences haven't been great, I can deal with a lot until I just can't anymore.

Pros:
- the white creme in their donuts is my favorite 
- now that they got more attn b/c of the cronut they usually have donuts later in the day where in the past that wasn't the case

Cons:
- Now that they are filling donuts to order there is no consistancy at all, 1 day you will get a donut that has so much filling you have to squeeze half of it out, others you get through 3 bites before there is any creme.

- Earlier this week as I was walking in there was a woman outside smoking a cigarette & seeing me pull up she rushed inside with me, walked around the counter & started waiting on people!  No washing of the hands, so you smoked, touched the door handle and now you are touching other things behind the counter (jelly dispensor, creme dispensor, etc) and MY Food without washing your hands or putting on a glove, oh hell no!  She was an heavy set woman with a grey Frangelli's hoodie on & reddish dyed hair. Then the woman baker who has been there for years (always eating, always a dirty apron, heavy set, very sloppy look to her) comes over, grabs at the cookies on the counter (no glove, no tissue paper) touching several in the process and takes a couple & eats them right there behind the counter talking with them in her mouth to the counter girl. Nope, that was it, I left.  That's the last straw!

- entire variety of donuts aren't available very early in the morning so can't grab them on the way to the office

- When you ask for a certain donut that is not in the counter the 2 usual responses, "I think they are making more" (but they never bother to go check) or "I guess we're out" (again never an attempt made to check in the back with the bakers)

- No real greeting from the counter staff, they are almost always very involved in a conversation with each other and make no attempt to stop it while they wait on you, which was also noted in outher reviews.


From now I will drive the extra few blocks and go to Baker Bros @ 3rd & Wolf, the customer service is always so warm and pleasant and their donuts are always on point, never had a disappointing experience there in my life, just a little further from my house.
Be sure to get the jelly doughnut filled with black raspberry jam.  It is fantastic!  Definitely the best doughnut I've had in Philly.  

Also recommended is the twist doughnut for a lighter, softer texture.  And the gingerbread which suprisingly comes with chocolate ice cream.

A half dozen doughnuts costs $4.50 and is surely worth the trip.
Frangelli's is perhaps the best kept secret in Philly. The donuts are fresh and won't set you back twenty bucks like some of the more well-known establishments. We got 3 sticky buns, 1 regular donut and a cannoli donut all for around $6. Yes, I said cannoli donut - what's better than a cannoli filling? Maybe ice cream filling, which Frangelli's also has. 

While Frangelli's donut displays aren't fancy-looking, the quality and the price of their product will keep me coming back whenever I get a hankering for something sweet.
Came in with a Groupon, left a diabetic.

Everything here was amazing. I could write a long, poetic review, but such will be lost time spent reading when you could already be heading toward the best donuts in Philly.

Go! Stop reading these reviews! Leave now!
I NEVER write reviews, but the people need to know! Just went to this place yesterday after buying a groupon i had to redeem. Aside from their wonderful product, they are some of the most personable and kind people you could ever encounter. It is soooo REFRESHING to come across people who actually enjoy what they do! They made a wonderful impression and I would definitely make the trip again for the great service and pastries!
Go early, because everyone else does.

We arrived midday, and much was sold out. But we came for franolli, and they were still available. Husband grabbed a sfogliatelle too. And I'm glad he did. It was crispy and much lighter than those at other bakeries. Not better/worse; just different. And good. 

The franolli was delicious. Their donuts are great, so they make a good "sandwich" for delicious cannoli filling.
So I really love their donuts and cinnamon buns BUT the customer service is a bit shaky. I am not sure if its because its Holidays that just past. But generally when a business will be closed during NORMAL business hours, its professional to leave notification by phone & storefront.  And I risked driving down from Cheltenham area a few times only to find that they were CLOSED in the middle of the day and the middle of the week.  *sigh* 
To end my rant..... Frangelli's please post signs both inside and outside and leave a nice voice greeting on your phone so I won't have to waste my gas for the crack addicting Baked Goods!! Ugh!
Delicious! They bake everything fresh. There are a variety of baked goods but I always get their donuts and cannolis. Staff are friendly and they are very clean and professional.
The review is for the pizza which is available only on Fridays. The crust has perfect chewiness,  not to think or to dense. Tomato sauce is fresh. The square is pretty big. I finished eating one slice of it in a heartbeat.

They have : white, pepperoni, tomato pie with some fresh mozzarella and Parmesan. I had the tomato pie and it's awesome. Perfect amount of the sauce with balanced flavor, not too sweet or too acidic , the crust is crispy but not too hard. 

I took a star down because as I was waiting outside the store (only 2 people are allowed in the store) I saw an elderly lady wearing her mask on her chin , thus not covering her mouth and nose. The employees didn't say anything to her. So disappointed that they didn't treat this Covid seriously.
The doughnuts and franollis are pretty much done the minute they are placed on a table in the office. The doughnuts here are some of the best doughnuts in the Philadelphia, S. Jersey region that I have had thus far.
I have a few friends that stalk food blogs of Philadelphia, and as a result, I am often able to find good food as per their suggestions.  This past weekend, we stopped by Frangelli's Bakery and had a jelly donut. I had heard of this bakery before, and I had heard that it was amazing.  However, I had never had the opportunity to swing by and pick up a jelly donut.  OMG I am NEVER having another donut! The jelly donut with black raspberry jam was AMAZING.  If you go there early in the morning, they will be warm and delicious. You must go. It's worth the trek to 8th and Ritner.  The donut is amazing. All other donuts simply do not measure up.
Went here a couple of weeks ago for "Franolli day." If you love doughnuts and cannolis, this place is a must try! Their signature Franolli wasn't too sweet as anticipated, but instead had a perfect ratio of fluffy dough to cannoli filling with every bite. They also have other baked goods including cupcakes which were equally delicious and extremely fresh. This place is definitely a bucketlist bakery if you've got a sweet tooth.
I've been to Frangelli's a few times and had a great experience every time. The "Frannoli" (cannoli/ donut hybrid) is definitely a treat! In addition, cronuts and donuts are both delicious, a bit on the sweeter side. Great small family oriented South Philly bakery
These are probably the best price-to-delicious donuts you can find in Philly or really anywhere else. The Frannoli is amazing, but so are all of the other filled donuts. You won't be disappointed!
The hype is real!  The cannoli donuts are really delicious with airy chocolate chip cannoli cream between some fried dough with powdered sugar on top.  Delicious!  They also freshly fill donuts at the shop.  So you don't have to rely on combinations of frosting and filling anymore.  They can fill your donuts with cream, custard, or jelly and top it with your favorite topping.  Delicious Boston cream donuts!  The only thing I wasn't very impressed with was the sticky buns.  It was really hard and made it very difficult to eat.
After seeing an article on thrillist about the 'donnoli' (donut x cannoli), I decided to make a trip down to South Philadelphia this past Thursday.

Staff was friendly and nothing less than helpful when I told her it was my first time. She briefly introduced to me all the pastries they had to offer. I ended up purchasing two cronuts and two donnolis for $3 each.

I absolutely loved the cronut and will probably be back for more. I wasn't a big fan of the donnoli but my friend was.
The best rum cake because you can definitely taste the rum. Very light cake with perfect sweetness of the custard.

Their specialty is the frannoli., which is donuts with cannoli fillings.

The twist is really good too. The jelly donut is filled on order, and it's very generous too. You can have powder or granulated sugar.

The peanut butter and jelly is not to be missed.

Everything here is delicious .

Very friendly and helpful staff too.
Excellent St Joseph cake with Ricotta filling. Perfect sweetness with chocolate chips. Available until around Easter.
This is my new favorite and least favorite place.  
The great: the donuts are awesome!
The terrible: the donuts are awesome.

The great: the donuts are only 80 cents!
The horrible: the donuts are only 80 cents..

The great: they are open 7 days a week!
The no good: they are open 7 days a week!

The great: THEY HAVE ICE CREAM DONUTS!
The very bad: they have Ice.Cream.Donuts..

This place stinks and is AWESOME.
Sfogliatelle has very crispy shell. A lot of fillings and not too sweet with a hint of orange. I wIsh the orange flavor is stronger.

Italian rum cake is super soft with layers of chocolate and vanilla custard. It's not a heavy dessert.
Sub-Par Pastries at best. 

I entered the bakery expecting something at least passable for friendly, and inviting, and found neither. the staff (two young ladies) were unfriendly and uninviting. I asked about certain pastries and was responded to rather cooly. I also did not appreciate the credit card minimum being $10 considering their contract with VISA strictly states that they cannot charge a minimum fee. (This policy may have changed, but for what I know it has not)

I ended up buying a variety of items in order to reach the minimum requirement, so I sampled  2 cannoli, 1 cream puff and a prune pastry. The cream for the cannoli and puffs were gritty and lumpy, and tasted like poorly mixed pudding. I tasted both the vanilla and chocolate cream fillings and was very disappointed. The only good item out of the bunch was the prune pastry and it was still only sub-par Not enough filling for the pastry, and the pastry was somewhat dry. I was definitely disappointed in what I receive especially for a bakery in South Philly. I will definitely pony up the cash and walk the extra few blocks to Termini Brothers instead.
The napolitano ice cream doughnut sandwich was completely worth the 12 mile bike trip from my house.  The old fashioned doughnuts, friendly service and great location deep in South Philly make this a great lunch stop.
Nice mom and pop bakery in south philly. They have a variety of donuts..and . Cronuts!! I like frangelli's because I don't feel so heavy after I eat from them. Prices are a bit higher than commercial bakery but you are paying for quality !
These donuts are absolutely as good as all the 5-star reviews. They are a short 1.3mi from John's Roast Pork, and many other popular sites, and they very much deserve a star on the food map in the area.

$1 per donut !!!!!!

Fresh, even at 3 in the afternoon on a random weekday. Extremely fresh.

Absolutely delicious. Light and fluffy, but full of sweetness and rich flavor.

The salted caramel donut is absolutely AMAZING!!!  We will be making special trips into the city just for more of this sucker. YUM!

Peanut Butter and Jelly donut is very good, but we could have done without the grape jelly. Almost any other flavor of jelly would have been better: strawberry, raspberry, peach... top choices there. Just not grape. These are also $1 each.

They have some really imaginitive work going into a simple donut, but it's not overworked. It's straightforward, and just dang good.

We also had the frannoli today! (This one is $3 each.)

Yes, for us it was all it is hyped up to be. SO GOOD!

I was cautious because despite growing up in the 'burbs, knowing oodles of kids with Ital. ancestry, I never liked cannolis, and I really disliked pizelles. I just never had the taste for Italian sweets, neither the Americanized Philly version of Italian desserts, nor most of what I've eaten in Italy (save for their gelatto and rum-ganache cakes). Point is, I normally pass up cannolis of any kind, but the frannoli was worth all those calories. Totally. And I would never say that about a cannoli.

All in all a total steal of a deal for the level of quality and taste. Fresh, non-processed, handmade, today, and extremely well-developed flavor. A+++++

We were going to try Swiss Haus in Rittenhouse Square, but did not want to fight traffic at the time we had available to go. We checked Yelp and saw this place and we are SOOOOO glad we chose Frangelli's. We will be back!
Donuts were amazing- light, fluffy, chewy and good sized. The Cream filled Cronut was really something and the glazed donut was nothing to scoff at either. Will return for more soon!
The absolute BEST Powdered Jelly And Italian Cream Doughnuts in THE WORLD!!! These are real Doughnuts, not that air fluffed fried sugary crap. These are CAKE, dense, OMG. You have not lived until you have had one, and once you have NO ONE will ever be able to gloat at you waving a Krispy Crap or dunkin donut  again, because you've had a REAL doughnut! It's a shame what those people in the burbs who grow up in those vinyl siding houses don't experience. They only know from the strip mall across the street with the dunkin donuts, pizza, hut, subway and supercuts. Sad.
I can sum this review up in just a few words.

ICE CREAM DONUT!

Yes, you heard that right, ice cream + donut = delicious.

If you are a fan of either you would be doing a great disservice to yourself by not trying one.  While you are there pick up a twist or a jelly donut.

Be careful, one you try a Frangelli donut you may be hooked!

Best donuts in South Philly hands down.

Oh, Did I mention they now sell CRONUTS!!  WOW!
One word. Franolli. That's all you need to know. 

Got myself a Franolli (donut/cannolli hybrid) at Frangelli's Bakery today. Their donut's are nice and soft. Nothing negative about it at all.  Their cannolli filling is fantastic! Not too sweet and there's plenty of it in the donut.  It has mini chocolate chips in it and its incredible.  The thing itself is huge. It's $3, but so worth it.
Franolli?  Donolli?  Not sure which I had or if they're the same thing.  Basically, a donut cut in half with cannolli filling in between.  It was good but did not really live up to the hype.  I personally enjoyed the ice cream donut more.  My friends and I tried both and i preferred the cold ice cream filling vs the warm cannolli filling more.
Foodies are always going to search for the most delicious little treats ever. Hidden in a corner on the Eastern side of South Philly, Frangelli is just that place where you want to indulge here and there. Their famous Frannoli is the best thing ever. Though I am not a fan of cannolis, I devoured on this treat as it was super yummy. We got a box of multiple things to try out like the donuts with Italian creme, jelly and regular cream, sticky buns, cronuts and of course the frannolis. They are fresh and super tasty. Let's not mention so inexpensive. The whole box costed less than 10 bucks.
One bite and bliss...    

Famous for the franollis for a reason - they are outstanding.  I like stopping in and grabbing a few items to take home to family or to a party.  People always want to know the name of the bakery and some even know of the franolli fame when I bring it up.  Its got a reputation for a reason - best bakery in south philly.  I want my next birthday cake to come from Frangelli's!!
Do these people ever answer the phone?  Or at least please update the voicemail message or the website. One day I will eat here and hopefully it's worth the hassle.
Frangelli's is a great South Philly staple with great donuts. Be careful when looking for it because it can be kind of easy to miss nestled in between townhouses on a local block. The place is more for getting something to go rather than eating in. 

Frangelli's is a typical South Philly spot - family owned, great food, friendly staff, hours change depending on stock or how busy it is. I saw some complaints about their hours, but like all small family owned shops in South Philly they will close about 2 weeks of the year for vacation which is normal for this area. Just call to make sure. I always bring cash when going to any place in South Philly but this spot might take cards, not sure.

The cronuts are really good here but to me the donuts are just as good and a little cheaper. The item you have to try is not the cronut, but the ice cream donut that they have in the summer. Probably my favorite dessert/summer treat of all time. They also have good cakes and other baked items for parties here but usually I stick with the donuts. Definitely a must try in South Philly.
Just had a dozen for me and some friends this morning.  The dough makes all the doughnuts chewy yeasty treats.  The fillings and toppings will make some of these doughnuts your favorite.  The cream filled is like I've never had anywhere else, edging on marshmallow fluff but not so jarringly sweet.  The jelly filled (everyone says they are the best) are  filled with preserves, this is not corn syrup crap, this is real fruit.  The Chocolate frosting is delicious.  Yum.  

Regarding the service: I feel like this is part of the south Philly charm.  It is what it is.

You'll forget it when you taste the doughnut.
How have I lived here for 11 years and never been to this place. They don't advertise like Isgro's or Potito's, but it has wonderful pastries AND cronuts.
My go to place for doughnuts on Friday mornings - makes me a hero at my work. These doughnuts are made fresh every day and are the real deal. Don't overpay at superhipster federal doughnuts - which are overrated.  This place is dirt cheap and the quality is top notch.  And they even started making cronuts :-)

Arrive after 8:30am for maximum selection. 

Oh and the sticky buns are fantastic as well!
I made my first visit to Frangelli's today.  All I needed to read in the Yelp reviews were the words "sticky buns."  I was off the couch and out of the door in a flash.  These are the sticky buns of my childhood.  They are little squares of gooey, crisp on the bottom goodness with a little cinnamon swirl and loaded with raisins.  It was lovely being a 5 year old this afternoon.   I am not a donut person, but these are bundles of wonderful, fried, yummy goodness.  They fill each cream donut to order - fabulous!  I will definitely be back.
I'm not a huge sweets person but I did enjoy the franolli I ordered here. A mixture of a donut and a canolli with a chocolate chips and cream mixed in the inside. It was really soft and not too sweet, which I like. I'm not a Philly native so when I entered the neighborhood I thought it was just a tad bit sketchy, but I guess you gotta travel a distance to enjoy a sweet treat! Don't expect it to be fancy or big, just a place selling a bunch of homemade pastries. I biked there.....so next time if I visit Frangelli's, I'll probably just drive over, haha.
I was excited to try their donuts.  Bought 2 jelly donuts and a couple of others.  The first jelly donut was fine.  The second one was raw inside!   The dough was raw.  It was gross.
Donuts were tasty, especially the fried exterior. The Italian cream filling was a bit tasteless, but I appreciated that in comparison to a lot of fillings that are always tooth-achingly sweet. Jelly donut was pretty solid. My only qualm was their version of the Cronut. It didn't have cream in it and it wasn't crispy at all. They should rather make them fresh to order for in store orders.
Not impressed, second visit the cream donut looks delicious, but a bit chewy and dry.  Just ok .
Three words.. ice cream donut! They use the donuts they typically fill with cream, but instead fill it with your choice of vanilla or chocolate ice cream.  I know everyone talks about the cannoli donut from here, but in my opinion, that's not the winner. The ice cream donut is perfect for a hot summer day!
I went in with high expectations and, well, was not worth the extra effort to go get a franolli. The franolli was a good concept but poorly executed. Canolli filling was off and tasted more like weird tasteless whipped cream. Also the mushiness of the donut just did not go with the cream and was off-putting.
My co-workers are from Souf Filly and when one of our staff had a birthday, someone took one for the team and ran down to this neighborhood bakery at 7 AM to get a box full of mixed pastries.

Me, on the other hand, I'm still new to the Filly scene, much less the Souf Filly scene, so when I pondered which one of these delicacies I should try, one of them helpfully cut me a piece of that little piece of diabetic heaven that was half a frannoli - half a pastry, half a cannoli.

I think my eyes rolled back into my head for a dizzying moment.

Deeeeelicious. But I am glad I only had half of one - super sweet cream filling nestled among the soft pillowy layers of dough.
I've been there 3 times, mind you I live a good 15 minute drive from Frangelli's but that doesn't stop me!
They have a $10 minimum on credit cards. So on my first trip, I literally ordered 2 slices of red velvet cake, 4 donuts, coffee crumble, lemon scone, breakfast biscuit, sugar twists.. and it still didn't make the $10 minimum. Needless to say, their prices are amazing! So I got two whole boxes STUFFED with goodies for about $10.46.. goddamn steal.  They also pump your donuts with jelly/cream fresh as you order

Service is pretty nice. But I have yet to be able to try the ICE CREAM DONUT. I want!! Second visit I asked for one, and the girl said " I don't know what that is" :(((( So I will try again.. fret not. Maybe that'll tip Frangelli's over to a 5 star ;)
Friendly staff, sweet yet subtle bakery goods which was perfect! I got the cannoli donut, fresh jelly donut, and cinnamon roll. I really, really wanted the cinnamon bun as everyone recommended but it only comes in bundle of 3, which I wouldn't have been able to finish. Really wish they sold individual ones! 

Cinnamon roll was very dry, harder than I anticipated since the donuts were so fresh and soft. Really excited to try other baked goods (and even the deep dish pizza!) at this local bakery!
Hosted a donut tasting (with rating sheets and all!) for some friends. Frangelli's was their choice for donuts. We only rated the glazed for the tasting and those were, sadly, not my favorite. The donut was tasty, but there just wasn't enough glaze and/or the glaze was too thin. You can tell these will hold up well when filled though! Glazed just might not be their thing and that's okay.

The vanilla frosted and chocolate frosted made up and some for the lacking glazed. The vanilla frosted might have been an old fashioned (maybe?). Whatever it was, it was very good. The chocolate was so fresh and tasted a bit more like a dark chocolate to us. These two were great.
This place was not worth the hype. The cream of the franolli was slightly off. This was a great concept but unfortunately poorly executed. Also not in the best area which is another downside. Anyway, the franolli was ok but not what i had hoped for.
I have been to Frangelli's Bakery quite a few times and the donuts from this place are so good! In the past, I have tried their donuts filled with jelly, Italian cream, and butter cream! I really like their jelly donut! Their Franoli (donut with cannoli filling) is amazing! They have seasonal Franolis as well. This most recent trip I picked up a few donuts: Italian cream and their Nutella! Both were very good and bursting with filling! I highly recommend this place because it is affordable and their donuts are very good!
Even though Frangelli's is really far from where I live, I feel that my trek there was so worth it the moment I bit into my frannoli. I'm normally indifferent to cannoli, but Frangelli's donut cannoli won me over. I have now converted and am a believer. The donut was light and fluffy on the inside and had a nice light crisp but not greasy on the outside, the way a good, fresh donut should be. The cannoli filling was smooth and creamy, and they gave a pretty generous serving of the filling without ruining the dough:filling ratio. Simply put, it was perfect.

Unfortunately I didn't get to try the ice cream donut because I got there at 3 pm and they already ran out. I definitely will go back earlier next time because I am hooked!
Awesome franoli: the donut is soft and moist and not greasy . The ricotta filling has perfect sweetness. It's a must have here.

During Easter they make Easter bread
Just look at this heavenly creation known as the cannoli donut. 

And put the phone down and go get one. 

Holy schnikies this is amazing!
I've been wanting to check out this place for ages and finally had the chance. Upon walking inside, I was amazed by how modern and welcoming the inside is. I must say that the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. Also everything is so affordable. We got 8 items for $15. 

Everything looked amazing and we ended up ordering a variety of things. I was so excited to see George Washington cake and Jewish apple cake as both are favorites from my dad's childhood and it can be hard to find these days. We ordered a slice of those 2 cakes, 1 jelly filled donut and 2 cream donuts, a coconut donut, frannoli, cinnamon cheese crumb roll, and an apple danish. The donuts are filled with the cream to order. 

Sadly, although everything looked delicious, once we sampled everything, it was pretty disappointing. Flavors were extremely lacking. The crumb cake was dry and had no cheese, the George Washington cake crumbled and the icing separated from it, the donuts were just okay. Nothing blew us away and I can't say I'd order anything in particular again. I know this place has been around for a long time and I love supporting a local business, but it just wasn't memorable for me.
Had the glazed doughnut and it was chewy and dense and perfectly sweet.  A true dessert.  The coconut danish was tasty as well, if you're a coconut kind of person.  It was definitely too cold to give the ice cream doughnuts a chance though.  The prices seem pretty cheap for this tiny shop on the corner.

It smells so yummy in here!
The Frannoli's and the caramel donuts are a must!! Although decadent and you won't regret it! A close second are the sticky buns as they are delicious! Also a perk to this bakery is you never feel horrible after eating anything from here (unless of course you eat too much) but the ingredients are very fresh! Highly recommend!!!
