Walk into this bar and walk back in time to when dark lounges with kitschy decor ruled all. There wasn't enough time during my stay to take in all the fabulous sculptures, trinkets, paintings and more.

While there was a nice selection of cocktails, my crew of ladies kept things simple with a few rounds of beer. We also sampled a couple items from the menu - the mac and cheese which was unreal and the potato and celery root latkes which were very tasty as well. I ordered a chicken parm sandwich to go for my man and the takeout bag must have weighed about five pounds. 

And how about that bar staff?! What a bunch of crafty, fine-looking individuals! 

Franky Bradley's is about to become my spot, and I'm not the only one. Mayor Nutter and his posse rolled in during my visit and word is, that wasn't his first time, either. I look forward to my upcoming dance-off with the mayor once the upstairs opens up.
Franky Bradley's has stood at the intersection of two tiny streets in Center City Philadelphia - maybe tiny lanes is more appropriate as they might be too small to be called streets - since 1933.  The ownership has changed in that time but from what I understand the fun spirit of the place has always remained.  I like Franky Bradley's .... but almost everyone seems to like Franky Bradley's.  

There's some good food and drink here.  One item I recommend never missing are the South Philly pierogies. They are filled with pork, spinach, & provolone and served with long hots.  Totally tasty!  My friend really liked his French onion soup as well.  We followed that up with our mains which were a flaky cod fish and chips and a delicious vegan Shepherd's Pie using the amazing Impossible Burger as the meat inside the mashed potatoes.  No complaints on anything including the super friendly service.  I think there are many more decades ahead for this not easy-to-find classic in the heart of Philly!
Hey, it's OK if you have yet to figure out if you are in the mood for American breakfast, or smoked chicken hash. You know, everything at Franky Bradley's is tasty... and leave some room for some lemon ricotta pancakes. It's nearly impossible to choose. However, you can always start with a boozy bloody, and from there you can choose.

And if thats your style, can I suggest the Beez In The Trap, a Bulleit delight ?


I've been many times, never made to dinner yet. Soon Franky Bradley's. Soon.
Four and Half Yelps.
Awesome time and awesome food. Great variety show and drinks were delicious I'll be going back as soon as I get back to the Philly area. Highly recommend if you want somewhere different and want to feel comfortable
A four for now since I haven't been to a show yet. But Franky Bradley's is another solid bar offering from Mark Bee (Silk City, North 3rd) that has a lot of solid components to it.

If you've been to North 3rd or Silk City then you know about the kitschy vibe, solid food menu, and perfectly random and artsy decor (https://www.yelp.com/biz/north-third-philadelphia) that Bee brings to his establishments. SO while I was somewhat saddened to see it takeover the spot that used to be Philly's only real Lesbian bar Sisters, I did know that he was going to bring something interesting to the area. And he delivered with a perfect bar & restaurant downstairs; and an upstairs club that features live music, burlesque performances, themed dance parties, and more on any given night. 

When a friend and I stopped in before a theater production we were treated to a suitable preview of what FB had to offer during a regular dinner and happy hour. I loved being able to check out eclectic antlers & bone motifs, vintage artworks, and other forms of antique kitschy decor while drinking some solid brews from the likes of Shorts Brew and Goose Island. Grabbing a bite before the show meant that I was able to indulge upon what might be the best bar sandwich I've ever had in the Pressed Duck Cuban. With housed smoked duck breast combined with duck confit amid pickles, spicy mustard, and fontina cheese its pretty easy to understand why!

Add in things like a solid brunch menu over the weekend, and the West Philadelphia Orchestra hosting a dance party every Tuesday night, and Franky Bradley's is a place that gives you plenty to love!
Very offended by the staff at this bar. They denied me entrance and claimed my ID was fake (Florida ID). I offered to show them that I had other forms of ID that were also valid and they said "that only makes it more suspicious." What makes it worse is that I'm 25 years old and I've been to the bar before! 

After spending $20 on an Uber from West Philly and getting turned down at the door. I would never recommend that place to anyone.
I really enjoyed Franky Bradley's. The atmosphere and decor is very cool, like you're in a dark lounge in another world.
Roasted Beets salad was refreshing. I loved the pistachio brittle on top.
The pressed duck cuban was delicious! I would definitely get that sandwich again!
The Franky Burger was cooked well with great sauce and fries.
Service was friendly. Drinks were strong and made well.
I would definitely come back.
Surprisingly good bar food in a delightfully dive-y atmosphere. We came here with a group of 6 on a Friday night who had all been drinking for about 6 hours and were in dire need of food and more dranks.

Someone ordered smothered fries for the table that were covered in pulled brisket and a house-made cheese sauce that were ridiculously good. Addictive and the perfect drunk food. I had a burger, medium rare. It was cooked to just the right temp and the whole thing was delicious, but it got a little messy because the Martin's potato roll is just a little too small to hold up to the toppings and hefty burger patty. A good soft Kaiser might have worked better. I demolished it and the drunken beast within me was satisfied. Fries on the side were also excellent. I had a Velvet Goldmine cocktail to go with it and it was delicious - fizzy and not too sweet.

This place is super loud on a Friday night, but so were we so at least there's that. Loved it, would go back.
Had a pretty good meal at Franky Bradley's. The brisket potato skins were SOOOO good.

The burger is good and so is the brisket sandwich. The BBQ sauce has a tang and kick to it and isn't necessarily sweet. My sister had the steak which was good but she said the portion was small. The French fries though are heavenly! We loved the fries. The sauce that comes with the burger tastes amazing on the fries!! Definitely make sure to dip them in that. 

Our main issue with Franky Bradley's was that the food took a really really long time. Then once it came out, all of our meals were luke warm. The waitress was so sweet and made sure they were taken back to be heated. She also took care of us which we were very grateful for and appreciative. 

Would definitely give it another shot, even if just for the skins and the French fries! 

The ambience is really cool and they did a great job with making the space unique!
Good spot. More enjoyable when its slower, but didnt have a bad time on a friday night,. Will return.
Updating my review from 4 stars to 5!  Why? Because I came back a 3rd time and finally ate the food. Everything was absolutely delicious.  This place has it all.. Amazing food, crafty cocktails, unique decor, and totally awesome staff. 

The beet salad blew our minds away. The goat cheese mix on the beets was perfect and so was some kind of yogurt sauce.  We pretty much licked the bowl clean. The Mac n cheese was some of the cheesiest Mac I've ever eaten.. And the brisket and tomatoes mixed in was a nice touch.  Bravo chef!  The beef tar Tare looked funny, but tasted phenomenal.  Perfect!!!  I can't wait to eat more from here, everything was so delicious. 

Our waitress was kickass, totally cool and related with us on conversation. She even recommended some good drinks not on the menu.  

The upstairs is open now.. They did a burlesque show 3 nights ago, and last night a live band.  Can't wait to see what's coming up next!
This Friday night spot was a blast!  Downstairs was lowlit, romantic and chill and the upstairs nightclub area was roomy and utilized the space well.  I obviously spent all my time up there.

Drinks were average prices I'd say ($8 for Tito's and seltzer) and the bartenders were REALLY on point for the crowds. I never had to wait more than like 3 minutes for a drink before they were greeting me (probably fastest, friendliest service at a bar I've had in a while).

The space and setup of a dance floor can really make or break a night, and this one exceeded my expectations.  Large table where everyone piled their coats, so no having to hold on to it while I danced.  Huge, not-too-sweaty space (even when it was jam packed during the later hours).  And an AWESOME DJ who blended songs perfectly and played the right amount of throwbacks and top 40's without getting too repetitive.

Bouncers were a little imposing, standing on chairs and surveying the premises, but I think it kept the crowd in check, which was good (although this place caters to a really great, friendly crowd.  No douchebags to be found!)  

Will 100% be back here.
This may become very easily a new favorite spot for many Philadelphians and whoever likes to visit our beautiful city. Review is mostly based on the fact that this place is really great to have an amazing time.

Saturday night, I decided to spend some quality time with my boyfriend. Arrived there around 10 pm. We were greeted at the door by a pretty cool bouncer who asked us if this was our first time there - of course it was! Then we tried to grab a seat at the bar. It was pretty full.  My boyfriend spotted this empty booth near the bar. Though the booth would be great for a party of four, the hostess was really nice to get us seated. We started off by ordering drinks and then we got to try some of their appetizers. My drink was really great - I had the velvet blackmine. We got the lobster pierogies and chicken wings. Not our favorite food in the world but it, definitely, was tasty. Our server was extremely nice. She took great care of us. Interior design was really unique with lots of things on the walls I haven't seen anywhere else. 

Going back to check out the venue upstairs and spreading the word about this cute, hidden spot.
This review is long overdue. I came to Franky Bradley's with a large group to celebrate my sisters birthday a few weeks ago and had a great experience. The security and door staff were amazing. We dealt with Enrique and Govinda and they were very helpful in making sure that everyone from our party was able to to enter in a timely manner. Dealing with large parties can be difficult at times and these two men handled themselves very professionally. A bad experience at the door can sometimes lead to a bad night thankfully that wasn't the case for us. I would recommend Franky Bradleys to anyone that's looking have a great night without the drama of egos at the door.
We were looking for someplace different to eat 2 years ago on New Years Day and walked in off the street. It was love at first sight and it only got better with each bite of food and sip of drink. It's now my favorite place to meet friends for drinks in the city! 

Drinks - not cheap, but normal $ for the city. Strong without making you cough! Great combinations. The punch is always good! Good beer selection that changes often, too.

Food - top-notch! Franky's fries with short rib is SO good. We get it pretty much every time we're there. I also love the beet salad and the duck Cuban sandwich. And the mac & cheese - don't get me started - it has ham in it! 

Staff - always friendly, always ready to refresh our drinks. 

Ambience - Absolutely fabulous! Eclectic art everywhere you look. I can't get enough of this place!
Stop what you're doing and go here now!

Where do I even begin to describe the awesomeness of this establishment? Let's start with perhaps the most important part of the experience -- the bartender. I believe her name was Lindsey and she was nothing short of phenomenal. She treated us like she had always known us. Granted, she did know the two people I was with, but she didn't know me from boo on the street. 

The food. Oh my gravy. The menu was smaller than I anticipated, BUT the food was creative and, more importantly, DELICIOUS. I had the chicken parm sandwich. How special can a chicken parm sandwich be, you ask? Well, top it with fresh mozzarella (not cruddy pre-sliced crap from the local Shop Rite) and add some braised escarole on a perfect seeded bun, and there ya go! A lovely portion of what I think were housemade/hand-cut fries were included. Totally worth every penny. Definitely worth a trip back into the city for just that sandwich. 

My friend go an order of the wings and while I am not a fan of wings because, well, who looks cute eating them?, I did try one and it was great. The sauce was a smoky BBQ and not dayglo orange buffalo. Housemate ranch sauce accompanied the wings with some sliced celery and carrots. Nom nom nom.

I met the owner in passing and he was just as friendly and genuine as the bartender. 

The decor is fun art that definitely gets conversations going. Interior was clean and comfortable. Other patrons that came in were sociable and everyone seemed to know each other. 

I wish I lived closer to this gem.
I think this is a fun date spot, yeah. Like, if I were to take you out on our second date (wouldn't waste a first date on you here, sorry buddy-- coffee or drinks ONLY) and I wanted to see more of your personality, the personality of this place would test ya. Would you pass my second date test?
1. You comment about the decor:
Pass- You think it's fun! Fail- You think it's "incredibly cluttered."

2. You comment about the menu:
Pass- You want to split the mac and cheese.  Fail- You pass on the mac and cheese by saying, "I mean, how good can it be?"

3. Your reaction to the waitress:
Pass- You oogle her. She is really hot.  Fail- You barely make eye contact with her. What is wrong with you, she is so do-able!! And this is only our second date!!

Come, it's fun. Really.
They don't advertise (yet), but they don't need to. 

A skinnier version of Hagrid asked how we heard about the place before he let us in and cracking a few jokes with us. Entering, the whole place was immediately different than anything I've seen in Philly (that's very hard).

This place looks like the bar from From Dusk To Dawn, red lights, oil rain lamps, oil paintings of retro nudes and I'm sure some vampires hiding in the corners. This is the place Antonio Banderas would drink if he was in Philly in character (as himself). 

5 bartenders behind the bar were perfect (one we recognized from Barcade) and attentive and fun. The crowd was a mix of wool-hatted High Life drinking hipsters, couples, groups of friends, and gorgeous LGBT groups. People were drinking Cabernets, cheap beer and martini's -- anything goes right now.

The music was untouchably perfect and the perfect volume. I'm pretty sure I heard Hall and Oates, old school Whitney and The Cars.

They are working on the upstairs, which will have 2 L bars and a big dance floor.

I will 100% be coming back to this place and try to coin it "my spot" because I'm pretty sure I'll see Catherine Zeta Jones or Selma Hayek here.
After a long day, and some cocktails, we ended up at Franky Bradley's to keep it going. The place was packed but not unmanageable. There was just some big street festival that just wrapped up, so the drunks were all over the place, but we nestled up to a cozy spot at the bar. 

Bartenders were slammed, but did a good job getting things done, being attentive, and making those drinks. Standard bar, with an above average beer selection. After a few rounds it was on to the next spot. Good times.
After being told that we would have a two hour wait at El Vez, I Yelped other locations in the area for our party of 8 to eat.
Luckily, I found Franky Bradley's!
I showed up there with 3 teenage boys, who were a little trepidatious about the dimly-lit, eclectically decorated joint, but we were so warmly greeted by "the bald man", who I imagine was the manager, that we immediately felt welcome. After taking a quick look at the menu, and pointing out to said teens that they had Mac & Cheese, chicken wings, a burger, etc, they loosened up.

The rest of our party joined us, and we all hunkered in for one of the best meals we've had in quite some time.
The chef obviously knows his or her stuff...extremely well.

Smoked bbq wings = awesome.
Chicken Livers, yes chicken livers = delicious 
Potato skins = jam packed with savory goodness
Chicken parm = the boys all had this, and judging by the rate at which it disappeared from their plates, I can only imagine it was wonderful.
The Burger = hand-packed, amazing flavor AND perfectly cooked to medium rare.

Any time that I find a restaurant that can actually cook a burger to the proper temperature, I'm sold. 

The food, plus the unique selection of specialty cocktails makes Franky Bradley's my new must-hit restaurant upon future visits to Philadelphia.
The more I yelp, the cognizant I become of how subjective these reviews are. If you look at the category for Franky Bradley's (Bars,American, Music) and set your expectations at that level, then 5 stars is almost not enough. My wife and I shared some of the most fantastic wings (Smoked) we've ever had. Smokiness (check), Tangy (check). chicken-packed (check), drool-inducing (check). But we didn't stop there, the chicken sandwich and the burger with Muenster (other restaurants - please take note and muenster up) were also quite good. Throw in the fact that we sampled some excellent drinks (Old American FTW) and the waiter was more than enough attentive and you have the perfect recipe for a 5 start bar dinner outing. Do your taste buds a favor and head on over.
All I can say is that I'm upset with myself for not getting here sooner. I have been back twice in the first week of going. Great happy hour, great decor and layout.
I am so happy I made it here although today my body says otherwise. My group and I made it in here circa 9 pm when there still was not a cover and the upstairs did not open until 10. After a day of fun we continued the festivities with cocktails and of course, food. We ordered not one but TWO orders of the fries with cheese sauce and brisket. They were so bad for you but so damn delicious that no one cared. We also had a margarita pizza flatbread that was yummy and a chicken cutlet sandwich that was pretty dry. At 10 we headed upstairs to an awesome dance party that quickly got crowded. Thankfully it was dark enough to hide most of our embarrassing dance moves! The DJ played a bumping mix of throwbacks and new songs. There were two bars up there to keep the lines short. Today my feet are swollen from the salty fries and aggressive dancing but I have no regrets!
Thanks to Yelp, I knew that this was one of the newest bars in Philly and I made it my goal to get here within a week of it opening. Keep an eye out for the sandwich board sign and the coat of arms above the door--that seems to be the extent of the signage for this pseudo-speakeasy/bar.

I met a friend for drinks after work. When I walked in, I was immediately struck by the vibe, which was a mix of Ranstead Room and a hunting lodge, and knew I was in for a good time. There's a good mix of seating, from around the large island bar to the booths along the walls, and plenty of room for a large group of people.

The apps were pretty pricey for a bar, but all of the sandwiches and burgers were a normal price (~$11-13). I had the Brandade ($9), which were potato and fish fritters with some sort of aioli on top. Delicious and very freshly made. My friend got a burger, which looked juicy (I only had the fries, thick-cut and very salty). 

Especially good are the drinks (cocktails are between $10-12, drafts are $5-6). I chose to order off-menu and asked for a Juliette (still only $10). The cocktail was made with great care and tasted great.

I'll definitely be back for more to see how this establishment grows in the coming months!
This place is HORRIFIC. I was visiting my friend in Philadelphia from NYC and we went to the bar around 1am on a Friday.  I politely presented my ID (I am 23) and they rejected me, insisting the ID was fake.  Not a good place.
Hello new favorite hangout! My friends and I came for dinner Saturday with full intentions of making a night out of it. We met at the downstairs bar around 730, and there was a decent crowd, but still plenty of seats. My boyfriend and I were very pleased by the drink menu, with plenty of craft beers and interesting cocktails to chose from at a reasonable price. 

After a Hemingway Daiquiri (a tad sour but refreshing) and a Franky Punch (sweet and tasty), we ventured over to a table to eat. To start, we ordered the Mac & cheese, which ended up being enough to make a meal out of. It was rich, gooey deliciousness, and I was very happy. The rest of the table enjoyed their sandwich and entree selections. Seemed like you couldn't go wrong with whatever you ordered. The food was also served in a timely manner, with only a small delay for drinks. 

After dinner we worked our way upstairs, where the DJ for the night was setting up. We snagged a high top in between the two bars and grabbed some more drinks. I was very pleased that the venue was not overcrowded- very easy to get a drink and room to move on the dance floor. It did get more crowded as the night went on, but nothing like the other bars in the area. 

I'm hoping it's because the lack of foot traffic that keeps the crowds away, and not just because it's unknown! I have a feeling it won't be long til my next visit to Franky's.
I wish the doorman had the same information that was on the Facebook page. I wish the beer lists at the bars upstairs were updated with beer they actually had. I wish someone had checked the bathrooms for cleanliness throughout the night. I wish they had been more careful with how many people they let into this place.

The concept is neat; a divey bar downstairs that really isn't that divey in my opinion. In fact, had the rest of my party been up to it, I would have been content sitting around the bar or in one of the big, cozy booths for the evening. The upstairs is a club. There is a dj booth, a small stage, a dance floor, and two bars along the outside walls. Both of your basic types of bar scenes in one location.

We checked out Yelp for bars nearby that were open and doing a NYE countdown. Their website led us to their Facebook page for more information on events, and their NYE event information said $5 cover, doors open at 9pm, and you will get a champagne toast at midnight. Pre-sale tickets were closed, of course, but the event info told us to line up outside starting at 9pm to get in. We walked up right at 9pm and the doorman told us that we would have to convince the hostess to let us in since this was a ticketed event. He let one person in from our party to talk with the hostess. Now, I don't know if he was just being humorous or if he really was told that it was sold-out and only ticketed guests could come in, but the hostess had no idea what he was talking about. She charged us $10 each (not $5 like the Facebook information said) and, to make a long story short, there was no champagne toast at midnight. I hate when there is misinformation like this.... it is so easy to just give your potential customers the right information from the get-go so it doesn't cost them extra money or create a negative experience.

We walked upstairs to the "club" level and there was nobody there except us and the bartenders at each bar. No big deal to us, but I thought that was interesting given the hassle we just experienced getting into the place. First things first, we walk up to the bar to order drinks. This night was a beer night for me and I'm not from the East Coast. They had a printed menu of available beers and at the bottom was "Shiner Ruby Red" - one of my favorite beers from a smaller brewery in Texas. I ordered that and the waitress looked at me as though I had two heads. They don't have that beer. I explained that I just read it on this menu and showed her the menu. She is annoyed now and says "those aren't updated". Okay, not my problem. Since I'm not from the East Coast, I'm not sure which beer to get. There isn't any sort of description leading me to know what is an IPA, Stout, etc., but at this point I am annoyed with her attitude anyway so I walked away. I went to the second bar that is upstairs was greeted by a much nicer bartender. She informed me that she had done some organizing and had found one last Ruby Red. Awesome! I took it happily. When I went back to try and order another beer knowing I wasn't going to drink your average Coors, Bud, or Miller, she wasn't really sure what to suggest to me and didn't have the time to help me choose. She suggested a seltzer drink that was basically a Smirnoff Ice. I just took it because this is obviously not the place to go if you want to figure out what new beer you may like.

As the night went on, the place became more and more crowded. By 11:30pm, this place was PACKED. I mean, they definitely were violating some fire/safety codes with the amount of people they let upstairs. You couldn't even move and trying to get out of the room to get to the bathroom took a lot of pushing and shoving. The stairway is also really narrow so trying to get downstairs or outside was more pushing and shoving. It wasn't any fun elbowing your way through all of the people. For the last hour of the night, my party had all locked arms around our little pub table to keep all of the pushing, drunk people from running into it and knocking it over.

Needless to say, there were way too many people for them to pass out the champagne at midnight, so that wasn't part of our evening. In hindsight, I wish I had planned better so that I could have found a nice bar or restaurant, paid a bit more money, and had a much more relaxed, less crowded NYE celebration with my friends. This place has potential to be so much fun, but they are clearly just interested in pumping as much money to the bars as possible.
A spot for pre-event dinner and drinks led my group to the bar for Franky Bradley's on a snowy, winter's night. The weather was pretty awful so there were only about 10 patrons there for the duration of my visit. 

All and all, I enjoyed my experience. The draft list was about 10 deep but all I needed was the Firestone Walker Union Jack IPA. Both the draft and bottle list were a little off the beaten path and I liked that. 

The place had a dark, mysterious ambiance and I liked the beer selection; but the food was the standout in my personal opinion. It was love at first sight when I read the description of their potato gnocchi on their menu. Read this with me: butternut squash, puree, roasted brussels sprouts, toasted almonds, cranberry brown butter, shaved parmesan. This was the quintessential slightly sweet, definitely salty and without-a-doubt carby combo. The plate didn't look large at first, but the portion was really decent sized. There was no gimmick or fancy preparation to the brussels sprouts. They were lightly roasted, took on the flavor of the dish and tasted very fresh. The gnocchi itself were very light and fluffy- no starch overload. 

It's a cool spot with good food. I'd happily come back.
Came here on a late Saturday night due to the urging of my friends, plus my cousin and her boyfriend were in town. The restaurant is downstairs and the dance floor is upstairs. I really enjoyed the decor. I did not have any of the food but this is on my list for brunches. 

The dance area plays too 40 music but also throws in some current songs. The crowd is older (mid 20s-30s). I would defiantly come again.
I went to Franky Bradley's last night, as my friends went twice and told me I have to come! Newley opened maybe a week ago, this place is totally awesome.  The greeter at the door welcomed us and asked how we heard of the place.  I guess they're surveying the guests for now to see how word of mouth travels. Inside decor is amazing. So many cool unique items to look at hanging on the walls.  The music was perfect. So many good classic songs, not a bunch of radio hits.  The bar is huge. A massive U shaped bar, with high top tables surrounding.  Good choices of anything to drink, decent beer list, good cocktail list, wine, basically anything you could want.  The food menu looks great, I'll have to come back and eat here soon. 

4.5 stars because of location, size, variety, atmosphere, and service.  Once I try the food, this place could be a 5 star venue!!  I will update this review once I eat next time. 

Lastly, the upstairs is still under construction, but looks like another huge room with a large bar, looks like it will eventually be a dance club room, or music venue room. Can't wait til it opens!  What a cool addition to the neighborhood!!
There's something to be said for service and comfort, and Franky Bradley's delivers on both fronts.  I like the layout of the place, because it stays lively, but there's lots of areas you can retreat to for quiet conversation or for loud group drinking.  The decor is odd, but interesting and the service was smooth and friendly for just opening.

We eased in by trying out the happy hour, which is a bit different here.  They go high end with discounted top shelf liquor and unusual apps on the menu.  I loved the chicken liver app that had just the right amount of that all-to-familiar liver taste balanced out by pepper jelly.  The salt cod fritters were good, but not my favorite.  The duck cuban was a great sandwich that was unmistakably duck. Sometimes the duck gets lost in duck fusion dishes:  not the case with this one.  

The prices are reasonable, it's in a great location, and you should definitely check it out!
I was in area for the weekend, a friend recommended it to me. I went solo and sat at the bar, went back in July, bartenders were very friendly.  I started with a good craft beer and checked out the menu, late afternoon on a Saturday, place was quiet, around 15 customers there. I ordered a mixed greens salad with goat cheese which was excellent and a cheeseburger medium rare with lettuce, 
Tomato and fries on the side, it was great. I had asked bartender about live music around there, referred me to a jazz club nearby which I enjoyed, Chris's jazz club if memory serves me correct.
I really thought this would become "the spot" by default (my apartment is 30 steps away), but it's definitely become my go-to in its own right. The drinks are pretty decent, but it's the food that makes Franky Bradley's a true hidden gem. Hat tip to the chef, seriously.

The spinach artichoke dip is easily my favorite I've had in my life. The South Philly pierogis are each the size of a slice of cake; brimming with roast pork, mashed potato, soaking in a shallow bath of au jus, and topped with a smoked long hot. Whaaaaaaat.  

Basically, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. And they have a late night happy hour from 10PM to 1AM where a handful of their food offerings are half off!

Also, the interior is so cool: full of all kinds of erotic oddities.
 
Now I gotta catch a burlesque show there!
Finally made it here. It's extra cool. Full of 70's faux artifacts. Sure it's cool but I'm old and the coolness is tempered by the quality of the food. Me, burger and fries both disappointing. Fries limp but very abundant. The burger dense and tough ( how do you do that)? The pickles were great and I like potato rolls. My wife got the duck Cuban . It was more like a grilled cheese with some duck. It was ok and of course there were lots of soggy fries!! So... I'm not desperate to go back.
Your matchbooks come in really fucking handy.   Your dim lighting is appreciated.   I like the cheap cover for the pleasure of ridiculously tearing up a hot & dirty dance floor.   miss Sisters but you are still okay in my book.
Let me start by saying that when I heard that Philly's only real lesbian bar, Sisters, was closed and reopened as a straight bar I was not thrilled but I also wasn't surprised.  Despite that, on the positive recommendations of trusted friends, I was excited to try out this club.  My friends and I were looking for a new spot with good dancing and great music and I was excited to see on facebook that they claimed to be having a "early 2000's dance party" so I pictured some great throw back Destiny's Child and TLC, for example.  It was quite packed on the first floor so we quickly ascended to the 2nd floor dance area.  I was not exactly thrilled to have to pay a cover but it was only $5 so I figured why not.  The dance area is fairly large and it was not packed so I was happy about that, but I was immediately assaulted by the extremely loud music.  I was so loud that even if you were yelling directly into your friend's ear it was difficult to hear and impossible to have a conversation.  We got drinks which weren't terribly expensive but the cranberry and vodka drink we got was repulsive.  I just don't know how they got it to taste that badly.  Rather than some fun throwback hits, the playlist was just a relentless throbbing wasteland of bad house music.  It was the type of music that always makes me think, "I guess I'm just not on the right kind of drugs for this."  It reminded me of small town gay clubs I use to visit in the early 2000's.  Not the kind of 2000's throwback I was hoping for.  We stayed for a few songs, trying to make the best of our $5 by miming some robot moves and mowing the lawn but nothing could save it.

Maybe I just came on a bad night with a bad DJ but I have to say that I would not be thrilled about going back, especially if I have to pay $5 again.
This is a cool new spot at the former Sisters location.  The dimly lit bar is surrounded by kitsch of all kinds on the walls, including antlers, naked ladies, and gigantic fish.  The beer list is large but favors macrobreweries.  The draught list is a bit more diverse and local.  On my visit, I tried the Neshaminy Creek J.A.W.N. and a Shawnee Brewery Black IPA.  Both were good.  The bartenders were friendly, and very thorough (the same one told us about the specials three times).  A drunk girl very insistently accused my friend and I of stealing her coat, but otherwise the crowd seemed to be friendly and having fun.  It is a huge space, so was not too crowded on the night we were there.  They have a DJ upstairs for dancing and tables downstairs for the lunch and dinner crowd.  Overall a nice, new, large spot in Center City.
The food here is REALLY good. Labeled as a medieval bar with a bit of an identity crisis, I did not expect the food here to be so tasty. 

My friends and I ordered the mussels which were DELICIOUS. Highly recommend them, fresh and full of flavour. We also ordered the meatballs - which come in 3 - which are also amazing. The wings are great and they come in BBQ or buffalo, but they can also just provide the sauce on the side. I found the wings great even without the sauce, but the buffalo really adds a kick! 

Chicken parm pasta is spectacular, took a bite out of my friend's order and I can say that I lowkey really wanted to just steal his entree entirely. 

Overall great place for drinks and food. Kind of dark, but drinks are strong and had a nice pub vibe.
Kitch-ey bistro downstairs; music venue upstairs. A Johnny Brenda revisit of sorts, yet the sound upstairs and the space is really perfect and surpasses the musical experience one has at Johnny Brenda's.  

Downstairs, is where the party's at.  Newest watering hole for those ready to get down.  The dining room was barely full on a Friday night, but the bar itself and the area around it was jammed.   Ample rectangular bar, and people were three deep, which made the table booths surrounding it a bit crammed and made our service a little challenging.

Food and drink menu appealing, varied, although I am not sure what kind of cuisine this kitchen is aiming for with a crazy variety of plates (chicken livers, gnocchi and burgers, and mac n' cheese?)  My one cocktail was positively too sweet, but beer options saved the day.  Wines by the glass appeared to be good selections, though.

Kitchen sent out dishes that were a-okay (here I'd probably just give them 3 stars, the extra star is for that awesome venue upstairs) 

Chicken livers were good, certain bites were delicious, while others were a bit too flour-y for my taste.  Overall good concept.  Mac n' cheese was creamy,  rich as all get out, and should be ordered to share.  Latkes with smoked salmon were decidedly mediocre (could make these better at home); while their burger (with a thin bun) was mighty tasty.   

Service was spotty. Attentive hostess and bar, but our waitress seemed to be a bit slammed and trying to funnel herself with the bar jams and our booth always appeared to be a challenge (design shortcoming obviously, not the server's fault!) 

Worth a revisit!
Yes, I'm a fan and can I buy that Madonna Medusa art on the wall? LOL!
Anyways, love the décor, very kitschy, dark and mysterious. For me, it's a German, American, Cuban, and whatever they feel like cooking inspired type of menu, totally awesome! 

The duck Cuban  press is amazing, filling, cheesy, sweet, savory and all the goodness. The Philly cheesesteak eggroll was one of my favorite special and I enjoyed that sausage, who doesn't? 

The staff are always great, super friendly and welcoming. The drink selections are fabulous from mixed cocktails, beers, specialty cocktails to wines. Prices are great for the quality and quantity.
Frankly Bradley's is the best "dive bar" in the city, although it's very hard for me to call it that. The food is freaking incredible, the crowd eclectic, the drinks supreme and design of the place far out. Look across you and you see young people bathed in red light, while pin-up pictures hang against the wall. A smooth, blocky bartender, with rectangle glasses gives me a pleasant smile, shows me through the menu, and quickly turns back a gorgeous "Doberman Cocktail", amber brown with... ... sorry I had to stop writing and devour one of the most beautiful steamed mussells dishes - in a white broth tinged with lemon juice and fresh herbs. The squares of grilled toast leave a smoky complement as they came from the fire to greet me. I then move on to Mac n' Cheese....ah, Mac n' cheese - I've had you so many times my phone capitalizes you automatically. All I'll say to you, Mac n'Cheese is that I love your ham hocks as if they were ham hocks. Divine. Glory to the fullest, ham hocks. 

With beautiful beers looming at the back of my throat, I sign my check and smile a goodbye. I love this place. You should come here.
I am extremely pleasantly surprised by this place! I did not really know what I was expecting to find but had seen the great yelp reviews and was looking forward to checking it out. 
I came for happy hour and left more than happy. Food and drink specials were plentiful from 5pm-7pm, including 2 draft beers for $3 and $6 top shelf gin and vodka with mixer of choice. There were three small bites that were $7 each, and we tried the latkes. I was not expecting this, but these latkes blew me away. They were topped by a smoked salmon and served on top of a smoky apple puree. This was not the bar food I was expecting! 
After the appetizer, I decided I needed to get another shot at this delicious menu. I tried the beet salad and onion soup, both very good. The boys had the Reuben and a special which was head on shrimp "open faced BLT" which had avocado as well. Both of these dishes were met with resounding praise. 
The decor is interesting. It is a very "old timey" place for the boys. Quite a large space, too. Reminds me of a 1970s Hugh Hefner inspired dive. There are a lot of boobies and butts on the walls. It is very well thought out theme, which I appreciate. The theme did not make me think gourmet food-so for that I was pleasantly surprised. I would absolutely come back, and perhaps to check out the music venue upstairs.
Franky Bradley's is a cancer in the Gayborhood. It seems to be a hive of people who are careless of the fact that their newly-titled, "gay friendly" bar was once a prominent, and only major bar intended for women who were other than straight. 

Aside from that, the venue itself should be shut down by L&I for EXTREME overcapacity!!! Simply put, heavens forbid there's a fire, every single person would die in there. It seemed like there were 400+ people in the whole two-floor venue. It took 45 minutes to walk up the stairs, around the dance floor, and back down the stairs, all while inching and squeezing in between "rude" people.
Sometimes my boyfriend has wonderful ideas and one of them was coming here to celebrate his 21st birthday (slim pickings when you officially turn 21 on Labor Day this year) and honestly? We came back a few days later because we were bored and had nothing else to do. We always have a great time here. 

The first floor is dimly lit, the decor makes for good talk, and when we were there on a Sunday night, they played Rick and Morty on a screen in the back. What more do you want?
There's a machine that dispenses cigarette packs (I think) so have those drunk smoking urges and forgot a pack? Everyone you tried to bum off said no? Don't fret, just shove cash into a machine and your night is saved! 

There was an awesome late night $6 appetizer menu ($6 steamed mussels in a to-die-for sauce? HELL YEAH) although I believe it's given on non-weekend nights, which are also the days Franky is cover free. We got the aforementioned mussels, wings, potato skins, and mac n'cheese (that wasn't included in the appetizer specials). All were AMAZING. Also.. the kitchen is open til 1am *insert heart-eye emojis*
The seasonal beer selection is also pretty good! Excited to come back and try the new ones.

The bartenders didn't seem to mind a bunch of rowdy college kids so I give them an A+ for their patience with my group. 

Now the 2nd floor, my friend, is where the party is at. There's a dance floor, a DJ booth, and another bar up here although when it got too crowded up here and I wanted a drink, I'd just go downstairs. 

Looking forward to coming again and most likely ordering two sides of steamed mussels.
My friends and I (a party of eight) went here last night to meet a friend in town for the weekend. It was a nice spot to meet with a group. We specifically went for dinner and drinks. All of the ladies seem to like the cocktails they ordered. The service was good although my server must have forgotten to place the order for my burger I ordered as an entree. After all seven other people received their entrees, she asked me if I ordered anything and what was it. She clearly had just put the burger in then as it took almost 25 minutes to received my meal
Everyone else at the table was done and full. She brought me over a drink in the meantime thinking this may be on-the-house or maybe even my burger would be. The bill with $502.00 and that drink as well as my burger were on it. I feel like something should have been taken off because I never complained about my burger. No one in my group complained about anything because it was a good group and otherwise the service was good.
The perogies were yummy but pricey. The burger was standard with a bun that didn't hold up to the burger.
My buddy from New York was in town so I was looking up bars that we could go to in the area for a meal and some drinks. Without a reservation anywhere on a Saturday night we were able to get in at Franky Bradleys. We enjoyed some dinner and drinks and were pleasantly surprised with the food given that there is a bar atmosphere. My gf was able to find a gluten free option to eat. I also got a lot of enjoyment from walking around the bar and looking at all the different artwork. It is definitely unique to say the least. The waiter was super friendly and when we shared with him that this was our first time there, he offered to get us upstairs for the dance party at no charge. We hung out upstairs for a little bit, noting that it is more of a college student scene. It was nice before it got super crowded. We got a nice surprise when we made it all the way home and realized that my friend left his credit card at the bar.
The drinks aren't that expensive and the ambiance is okay. Music plays upstairs, but the cover was a tad much for what they were offering the night in early October when my pal suggested we visit there for a good time.

The lady bartender with tattoos was friendly knowledgeable and actually capable of discussing skin art. We had a quick friendly interchange before she moved to some much more single, much more male and most likely straight patrons with much, much bigger wallets.

The next fellow to serve us was probably a barback: big, athletic, the build of a bouncer that catches a few eyes. I asked him if they carried any stouts. He looked annoyed and suggested a porter then handed me another copy of the drink menu. I read through it then ordered a cheap drink that sounded dark. 

He replied, "Yeah. That's the porter I recommended." 

It may have been, but he called it another name. My friend concurred and found the marketing tactic bizarre. Anyway, we thought, he brought us our third round. I tried to sign with the pen he gave us. It didn't work. I put the receipt on top of the receipt holder. It still barely wrote.

When he came back for it, I apologetically mentioned that the pen wasn't writing so I couldn't sign or leave tip. In a bit of a sigh, he instructed me to write on the back of the receipt holder. I replied I had. He took the pen and went back to the cash register. A few minutes later he returned. I thanked him and began to write out the tip. He learned forward, invading my personal space, and whispered into my ear, "It's the same pen."

Mouth agape, I paused for a minute as the Khal Drogo look alike slunk to the end of the bar. I quickly reconfigured his tip and left it. He continued hanging at the other side of the bar. His inked up female counterpart took it and thanked us. We thanked her as well.

Even if I hadn't used the receipt holder, he was acting like an aggressive douche. Maybe it's because I'm an only sometimes passing transwoman. Either way, this is why you don't get a khalasar, Aquaman. Enjoy your shit tip.
The food is top notch, as are the drinks. Service has been perfect. I'm already a regular. Couldn't be happier to have this joint around the corner and I'm sure it will be even better when the venue opens up. Blessings on your whole damn crew, Silk City ppl!
Just spent a very pleasant evening here with a group of friends. We had walked through a bit of snow to get here, but it was completely worth it. It was not too crowded when we arrived, so we had our pick of seats at the bar. The ambiance is distinctive - a touch of classy accented by dark wood, upholstery, and statues, but also a bit of quaint and ironic, with its almost random collection of kitschy wall decorations, not limited to coats of arms, deer antlers, and paintings of scantily clad women. 

The "Happiest of Hours" deals included $3 drafts, $6 wine glasses, $6 select drinks, and $7 appetizers. We tried the pan-seared chicken livers, which were nicely paired with seared grits and a sweet pepper jelly sauce. We also stayed for dinner. My party ended up having the burger, the chicken parm sandwich, the steamed middle neck clams, along with a couple more rounds of beer and cocktails. Everyone seemed to enjoy their selections, though I was a bit disappointed to find that the fries were not crispy.

However, overall, it was a great experience. The seats were comfortable. It wasn't too crowded or noisy. The service was quick, friendly, and professional throughout. Our water glasses were always filled and servers often checked in on us to make sure everything was great. I am not at all surprised to see only 4- and 5-star reviews so far. There is a dance floor and performance space upstairs that wasn't open today, but I can't wait to come back to see what that side of this establishment is like! (Upcoming events are posted on their website and facebook page.)
Despite the sensory overload of chotchki and lighting that makes you feel like your wearing infered goggles,no need to worry about being stalked by an alien Predator, Franky Bradley is a chill spot.
The service is friendly, and attentive. They have a nice happy hour which features a few classic coctails at a fair price. The bar is large and there is plenty of seating to service a large friday night crowd.
The appetizers were wonderful. The mac and cheese might be the new best in the city. The lobster pierogies are out of sight.  My entree was good but not as good as the apps.
I will definitely be back soon and often, I think next time i will just hang at the bar and eat appetizers to my hearts content.
This is one of my favorite Center City happy hour spots. Even after happy hour the drinks menu is expansive enough that you can drink cheaply and not get stuck with a cast off beer. It's great for groups--I've been here with co-workers and for informal meetings. Right after 5 on weekdays it's pretty quiet which is nice, but does eventually fill up. 
The happy hour food specials rotate, so it's always a good excuse to try something new. Love the potato skins, and just had the country pate and though pate is weird I did enjoy it the decor is like, weird edgy grandma chic, like plopped in a dungeon. I'm into it.
I've always loved North 3rd, so I was excited to hear that FB's was opening in center city.  The door was a bit hard to find, located in a back alley - thanks Apple Maps.  The decor and vibe is very similar to N3rd, with all kinds of flair and decor on the walls - lots of boobs, lots of butts, some cute animal pictures and red lighting.  The bar itself is square in shape, which means there are plenty of bar stools to sit on.  They have a nice selection of cocktails, which I tried a few of.  This is a solid new addition to the center city bar scene.
1) This restaurant is dark.  As in... barely a light on in the place.  It was 5pm.  Mood lighting to the extreme.
2) The front door greeter lady was not too friendly.  Our waitress was very nice.
3) The food was legit.  I got the duck Cuban and it was delish.
4) If you're a bit of a prude, steer clear -- the walls are adorned with some rather...interesting art.

All in all -- Yummmm!
Wow. A hidden gem for those of us not in the know. I'm happy to no longer be in that category. 

This place is great. Food, service, atmosphere all rock. I had the mussels, and the chicken and I can say that this place raises the bar with the food. Great flavor! Also very solid beer selection. - give it a try.
Came to this place last night at around midnight. 

It is situated down a dark alley. Noooo problem. Very bright lights to catch your attention and make sure it's not missed although if you are as oblivious as me, you might walk right past. 

Immediately as I approached there were two male figures at the door. They spotted me, one that was clearly the bouncer asked for my ID and suggested I was 22 yo. Bonus points for this. 

After some shit shooting, I made my way inside. Large circular bar with numerous seats around it and a section on the left with tables. Apparently there was a band performance earlier tonight. 

Bartenders were personable, conversational, and approachable. Checked up on us frequently. 

I ordered a red bull vodka to start. That night had the potential to be a long one. For maybe one of the first times in my entire life, I was given a beverage that was not completely stuffed to the brim with ice. This meant that most of the contents of my glass was actually red bull and vodka. Very impressed by this. 

Another patron at the bar informed me that the food there is very good, especially the potato skins. Unfortunately I had just eaten half of a pizza and nachos so stuffing anything else through my lower esophageal sphincter was a no-go. Otherwise I would be down to give their grub a go.

I later asked the bartender for a suggestion with the caveats that I wanted something strong without me knowing it. He, after questioning my budget, suggested a particular drink at around $12. A-money is a crazy mother fucker and a bad influence so he pulled the trigger on it without consulting me. I would've said yes. 

Served in a martini glass, it was strong but unfortunately I definitely knew it. It was a struggle, but I accomplished the task. 

Anyways, it was a fun time. I'd definitely come back if I was in need of a few drinks in this part of town.
This review is based on my and my friend's Happy Hour experience. 
Franky Bradley's has been around for a very long time. I can remember when the wait staff sang opera there. Now the entertainment upstairs can be almost anything from fun to funky.
Now as then, the place has a warmth about it that's very inviting. 
The decor is a time warp to the 50s 
The Happy Hour menu is a real deal. 
Tasty Mussels in red or white sauce or really great meatballs in an excellent red sauce. Each only $6. There are other choice.
You can have Ketel One vodka with a mixer of your choice for $6 or a nice draft beer for $4. 
All and all this is a comfortable place to hang with friends.
Came late night and was thrilled that the kitchen was still open.  The spaghetti and chicken parm was solid.  The mac & cheese with pulled pork was yummy.  Same with the pulled pork nachos.  

Interesting and eclectic decor.
Stopped in for dinner because it was close to my hotel. 

This is a fairly dark and loud bar, but I have to say the burger I had was Awesome!  I asked for it medium, yet it was pretty red in the inside. I actually don't mind that, but I hesitate to order a burger medium rare at a place I don't know. 

It was a really juicy and flavorful burger. Fries were good. Service was good too. 

I'll go back when in town.
One of the coolest spots in Philly...hands down. I hope it stays that way because I am sure people are beginning to notice.
As much as I miss Sisters, I'm so glad Franky Bradley's has taken over a spot that holds a great deal of sentimental value for the Philadelphia LGBTQ community.  Until two weekends ago, I hadn't been there since before Sisters had closed, but when I found out the Haus of Ham and friends (a drag/performance collective featuring a few friends of mine) were performing a campy drag rendition of "Mean Girls," I couldn't miss it.  The show was HILARIOUS, the bar staff was friendly and efficient, and I enjoyed my Strongbow cider! I look forward to returning to Franky Bradley's to partake of the food selection and hopefully to enjoy more performances!
I went here Saturday night with friends after a hockey game. We were looking for a cool bar to hangout and this place definitely fits the bill. However, the environment is a mishmash of biker meets dive meets gay meets club meets college bar ... WTF kind of bar is this supposed to be???? If you are looking for an unscripted time check this place out! Worth the visit and drink prices are reasonable. The dance floor upstairs has a bar and 70s/80s music (swing those hips and flail the arms... Haha!!!) ..... But go upstairs before 10 pm and you don't have to pay cover charge.
nice little spot. not too loud, you can hear the person next to you which is nice. asked the bartender to surprise me with a drink and she made me some delicious cherry flavored drink. Would def go back.
Came here for drinks and dancing. Great vibe. It's really crowded upstairs but a lot of fun. There wasn't any where to put my coat , so I tried to shove it in a corner lol but no one seemed to touch it. It took a while to get a drink at the bar and the bartender only seemed to pay attention to the girls at the bar and not the guy I was with trying to get a drinks. Despite that , we had an amazing time and the dj was great.
been meaning to check this place out for months. glad i finally did. went for a thursday happy hour with 5 of my male co-workers. love the decor and the ambience. feels like being in my grandparents' basement, only a little kinkier. the bartenders were on-point all night. every time we had an empty glass, they came right over. we got the happy hour appetizer specials, which were wings and loaded potato skins (with brisket!) and everything was delicious. homemade bbq sauce for both. the food prices are pretty steep, but if the rest is as good as the apps we had, then it's probably worth it. fresh, quality ingredients.

great food, great beers, great service.

we'll go back on a weekend night for some dancing. heard it's a blast.
The service tonight was terrible. Bar service and table service.  Despite it being pride, the restaurant and bar were not that busy, yet the bartenders acted as though it was. We waited forever for drinks. We went to the table for food service and still we waited. We had to ask a server to take our order.  I ordered a burger med well. It came out med rare. On top of that we had to go to the bar for drinks. I told the waiter that my food was under cooked and I did not want it re-cooked. I also asked for the manager. The manager came over and was clearly not interested in anything we had to say about our experience. He was either drunk or under the influence of drugs. He couldn't wait to get away from our table. After going to Franky Bradleys for several years, this was by far the worst experience I have had. I big difference from when they first opened. Sadly, this may be our last time here I would rather spend my money elsewhere- and where they don't act like they are doing me a favor.
Do not leave your credit card open at the bar. My friend and I both waited 30 minutes for the bartender (male, short hair, no beard) to find our cards. My friend's was eventually found, mine was not and had to be cancelled as the bar did not get back to me even though they had my name and phone number and I was told by my credit card company that the balance had been charged and cancelled.
Me and my dime piece came here early on a Saturday night. As soon as I walked in, I liked the vibe. Highlights include: friendly staff, great selection of beers, pictures of boobies, and those lobster perogies were top notch. Only drawback was the crowd was a little "trendy" if that makes sense? Maybe next time I'll wear a bun ontop of my head with my crop top and high waisted jeans... You know .. "To fit in" :) 

Ps
Bouncer is the man! Super friendly and sweet.
Felt compelled to leave a review for this place - we went here with a group of 10 for a birthday. We were looking for something classy, trendy, but not too stuffy .. It was the perfect spot and enough things hanging on the walls to keep your attention. I also have to say that the food was also excellent . Highly recommend Mac and cheese. Drinks were also great! Went upstairs after dinner to party and the scene was great (music was terrible though :/ indie night?) -overall great experience, we will be back !
Bartender on 13th tipped me off to this place early on and have been back several times since. We frequent their sister restaurant, North 3rd and have found the same reliability, quality and general atmosphere- all excellent. 

Franks Bradley's is the place to go if you're looking for good food and a fun atmosphere. I hope to check out the cabaret at some point too and will certainly continue heading here when in CC.
What a great hidden gem. The food was excellent and the staff was great. Each table had light where you could read the menu. Love the atmosphere.
One of the must-places visit you have to make! I was bar-hopping with my friends for one of my friend who was having a bachelor's party, and after a long discussion of which place would be the "best" place for our night, Frank Bradley's was chosen.
Before you walk in, there is an ID check. (Obviously, 21 or over)
The check-in price was 5 dollars with a stamp on your wrist, which was not too bad.
When I first walked in, I was not too impressed by what it offers; regular long two parallel tables at the bar with bunch of named-beverages sitting on a shelf. However, it does offer a section of tables aside from the bar next to the walls on each side, which was nice.
The best part about this bar is that there is a dance floor on the second floor. First, there is a DJ right above the stage, putting on live music as it goes, which is really cool. The stage is usually reserved and quiet, but it gets crowded as the night gets younger.
The drinks are not too expensive, they offer all sorts of drinks from beer, whiskey, vodka, and etc. I had a shot of 3 wise men for the first time in my life, twice in a row, which was an "interesting experience.." haha.
I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a chill place to rest, or anyone who's looking for a uncrowded bar. However, I have to say that the bouncers were a bit uneven-tempered, as they have warned me three times for leaving my drinks on the side table (not really a table, but right by where he sits which I do not think of it as that much problem.. but I guess he didn't.)
But, aside from that, really nice place. Highly recommended!
Its my neices 21st bday and was looking for a bar/restaurant.opened past midnight on a Sunday night. Thanks to OpenTables I found this happening gem. Kitchen open daily till 1am, bar scene is spectacular. We arrived at 11:40pm and were seated immediately. The server was very accommodating and fun. We enjoyed a fabulous meal, the burger, cuban-duck sandwich, potato dish, even the salads were delicious. Wonderful craft beer selection and full bar plus the restaurants cool decors made everything perfect. We stayed talking till 1:30am when we noticed we were the only ones still there, yet no one rushed us nor picked up chairs around us however, continued pampering & offered us more. The music was good, all of us at one point were dancing in our chair. Parking garage steps away. Definitely a must return.
I was down in Philly for the weekend and ended up meeting some friends for drinks here. The main floor is dominated by a huge wrap-around bar, similar to many dive bars except that the bar at Franky Bradley's is clean. The bar is decorated with incredibly ironic and kitsch decor which is pretty outdated in my opinion, but the "art" did still lend itself to some interesting conversations.

I got the Scorpio cocktail which is mezcal based. It was a pretty good drink, but it took FOREVER to make. On the upside, I did order less drinks which made my credit card happy.

I didn't explore the upstairs floor, but it is clearly a dance floor and looked like a lot of fun. My brief glimpse into the room reminded me of Pianos in the LES of NYC. Overall Franky Bradley's is a pretty cool joint; I could definitely see myself coming here regularly if I lived in Philly.
This review is only for the decor, staff and the cocktails.  I look forward to eating here at some point.  But just haven't gotten around to it as yet.

I'd say this is one of my favorite places to take out of town guests to.  It is fun, really unique decor and all in all I'd say most of the staff is pretty friendly.  The bartenders, maybe not so much.  But not really unfriendly either.  Just kind of - there.  

The mixed drinks are ok, but definitely pricey.  When I pay $12.00 for a 3 oz glass of Sazerac that is just OK, I'm thinking I'm paying a bit too much.  It was truly the smallest mixed drink I have ever been served.  So, scratch FB's off my list of go to cocktail bars.  When I visit, I'll stick to beer.  That seemed like a much fairer market price.
In Philadelphia on business and checked this place out based on the reviews and the menu. Total score.  Food is excellent. Perfect bar food menu, delicious and well priced.  The atmosphere is great. It was quiet when I was there, but I imagine it can be quite a lively scene when packed. Service was friendly, charming & on point.  I drank beer and wine, but the cocktail list looked good and beer & wine selection was again, great. Looking forward to coming back on my next trip!
Came here with a large group last night (a Friday) on short notice. Called ahead for a table of 8 and showed up with 11 and they helped rearrange things to make sure we could fit. They were packed and the service was still excellent. All night it was a consistent wave of drinks and food and our server checked in on things with just the right frequency.

Felt like we had a little bit of everything.

Mussels were probably my favorite. Great garlic sauce for soaking into the lightly toasted bread.

Crispy Potato Skins were also a hit.

Don't skip dessert. We shared three and they were all top notch. Homemade vanilla ice cream.
I had  A LOT of fun here. We were upstairs seeing a band (SONG DOGS!) play. The place was PACKED and I never waited more than 2 minutes for a drink. The bar staff was well trained and knowledgeable. They had a GREAT sound system and it was a blast! I'll be back to check out the down stairs and the food!
It's an okay bar tucked away in Mid-town.  I appreciated all the art on the walls but it was quite dark inside and found it tight trying to maneuver around people plus tables/chairs etc.  They do offer a HH but you're better off ordering off menu and something you like.  I tried the Grey Goose + 1 mixer HH special and I got a  lot of cranberry and not a lot of Goose.  When I followed up with a cocktail on the menu it was  much better.  Rather pay a little extra and get a decent drink.
Outstanding food,  service and environment then great music and dancing upstairs afterwards.   
We showed up with a large group for my wife's 30th bday and they accommodated us right away.  We ordered a ton of apps, all of which were delicious!
Their baked mac not cheese, short rib potato skins and buffalo wings are some of the nest I've ever had!  
This establishment has it all for a celebration and a good time!
I enjoyed my dining experience at Franky Bradley's. The food was very creative and delicious! Nothing was run of the mill. 

Food: a duck Cuban (tasty), chilled corn soup (yum! especially the shrimp), my parent's shared the wings (no complaints). 

Atmosphere: I love a place that pushes the limit. Check out the pictures that people have posted -- very eclectic, very dark, lots of velvet. We were here on a Sunday evening, very quiet, practically empty. 

Service: Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. He seemed to really enjoy working at Franky Bradley's. He even did a great job of talking up their other establishments in Philly.

4 stars instead of 5 because it takes lots to get a 5 from me. Minor ding -- it's very dark, took some time for the eyes to adjust.
I came here to party! 

This place is perfect to have a good time.  I came here to catch a friend's show upstairs but as soon as you walk it, it's welcoming.  You see everyone chatting, having a great time, and easy access to the bar.  What's not to love! 

I went upstairs to see the band and it's very small and intimate which i love.  There's a lot of things on the walls but I didn't spend the time to check it out.  There are 2 bars upstairs so easy access to drinks when you're watching the show.  They have a lot of bottles, draft beers and your normal cocktail selections.

Would definitely love to come back and catch another show, or just hang out!
Awesome food with awesome service. Can't ask for a better experience. Great selection of appetizers and beers. Really enjoyed the cheesesteak egg-role and Pierogis.  Great burger.
Went here on a Friday for happy hour and enjoyed the burger and lobster pierogies. The burger was pretty good but the pierogies I will definitely be back for! 

It looked like they make some great cocktails, though we stuck with beer. 

Though I had a great experience, I was very disappointed by the draft beer happy hour specials (BUD, Yuengling, Kenzinger).
So grateful I ran in here, edge of tears (Bernie's DNC speach) suffice - needed drinks. Got music, awesome people, awesome cocktail. Saved a life there guys. Keep it up!
stop / look / listen

great food
great drink
great ambiance
great service / brynn
great owner / manager joe
great pricing

enough said, go there!
When was the last time you had a potato skin and wanted to personally thank the chef? Likely never... Unless you've been to this place and are as obnoxious as I am writing this review.

They were damn good. 

In addition to potato skins, this place has a nice bar upstairs with a stage. It was sexual comedy night. So they have a night dedicated to that. 

It was actually really funny and worth the five dollars. 

To sum it up: go for potato skins and stay for the sexual comedy show. 

I can't believe that sentence exists ^
Wonderful cocktails and you have to try the Beets Salad as an appetizer.

Good value for money, nice quiet tables and great service.

Very happy we found this place.
I ordered a cocktail that said that it had pear purée in it however instead of pear they put in apples. I am highly allergic to apples and notified them that because they put apples in without listing it as an ingredient that I would likely get sick and they did not offer to pay for my drink or any other compensation to make up for the damage I incurred from this transaction. Terrible service. :(

I also made a yelp account for the express purpose of leaving this review.
This place is a hidden gem.  Looks like typical bar but the food is really excellent and priced very fairly with nice-sized portions.  We were there for a Fringe Festival performance upstairs and had dinner first.  We plan to come back and recommend others.
I really like dining at Franky Bradley's. The staff is polite and accommodating, service is prompt, and no complaints about the food (their fries are especially good). It has a divey, cool vibe. Great place to go for a casual dinner, date, or somewhere to take visitors to the area. The one issue I have is that they took the black cherry wings off the menu. They were so good!
FYI, if you are an Asian descent don't even try to go to this place. They have a white female bartender who is a bully and a racist. Due to that person ignorance &
inappropriate attitude toward certain customers, "FYI" a reward after the racial service is not appropriate..." Don't expect a tip for bad service. To the OWNER of this bar, PLEASE orient your employees regarding the need for reform and awareness surrounding racism in customer service. Or at least teach them some good manners. And most of all, before your employee starts ridiculing Asian people, please learn geography. Not all Asians originated from one Asian country.
Yummy food, great cocktails and cool atmosphere. Eclectic and warm, it was a fun place to literally come out of the rain.

You must try the beet salad!
Great quick staff.  Good happy hour and chill environment.  Quick service and standard food and drinks, can't go wrong. Love this place now!
The place was awesome as well as the food and servers.  We went to this over pride weekend in Philadelphia.   The drinks were awesome.  I had the Spicy Bourbon wings, Philly Cheesesteak Egg roll and Mac and cheese.  All of this was great.  The wings had great flavor, a bit messy.   Also had two of their drinks which were fancy but tasty.   The rest of my group had varied foods and had no complaints.   I am not giving it a 5 because it is more of a dive bar so it is what it is.  If you are looking for some thing low key in Philadelphia this is def a place worth checking out.
Came here for a bday party. Apparently just opened up. Great atmosphere. Great music. Food was pretty good. Mac n cheese is a must get. Potato skins ok. Chix parm sandwich not much flavor. Duck Cuban flipping awesome. Oh, hand cut fries. Definitely the way to go. 

Check this place out is my vote. Pretty cool place to hang out.
We enjoyed this place, We come for happy hour and enjoyed our drinks and food. We ordered meat balls and had a few drinks. The meat balls were 3/5...Wouldn't order them again but they were not too expensive and a good snack to have with drinks. The atmosphere is dark and relaxed. The bartenders were friendly enough and overall it was a good experience. We would go back.
So glad to have this hidden gem in my neighborhood. Love the dark moody atmosphere and retro cool. The staff are all very friendly and the food outstanding. I've been here three times in the short period they've been open and I have yet to be disappointed. The beet salad is the best I've had and the onion soup is luscious. Steamed clams and burger were excellent as well. Nice cocktails too.
$6 tanqueray mixers and $7 flat beards. Solid happy hour. Cute bartenders. Not the most formal review but it's slightly off the beaten path from the CC happy hour scene which is pleasant
Kind of a cool spot! We came here for happy hour last night when my friend was rolling through town , and the location was great to accommodate a meetup (close to SEPTA and PATCO). Tables were virtually empty, but most seats at the bar were taken. The decor is eclectic, but fun. Music was great throwback stuff too. 

They have an interesting HH selection: Grey Goose, Bombay, two house wines, and a couple drafts. None of those appealed to me unfortunately (why must everyone insist on serving Chardonnay as their house white?), so I went with the Scorpio cocktail. Pretty tasty, but a little pricey. 

Tried the burger (without a bun) and it was cooked nicely, but buried under cheese and a pile of what looked like coleslaw, but tasted like mushy bagged lettuce. The fries were crispy and perfectly salted though. 

My friend got the duck Cuban, which he said was okay, but nothing to write home about. I had originally wanted this, but the bartender said it wouldn't be too substantial without bread and he was right. Looked kinda small. 

They messed up the check and had to adjust it for us, but did so quickly and without any trouble. 

I'll definitely try this place again, but not sure it will become a go-to.
Wonderful! The decor is fantastic and interesting and unique, the feel of the place is comfortable and exciting, the service is polite and attentive (our table was crumbed!), the food is delicious and served quickly, and the drinks are inventive and VERY tasty (I recommend the Franky's Punch). The upstairs is going to be a club space in the future, which is also pretty exciting. Try not to spend too much time staring at the walls of the bathrooms; they're decorated to the nines. 

I had the grilled escarole, which was thoughtfully prepared and chock full of delicious, creative ingredients (anchovies, capers, etc.). My friend got the apple pie turnover which came with apple butter that I wanted to put on EVERYTHING and vanilla ice cream, and I also got a mud pie that was a flourless chocolate cake, mousse, and whipped cream with crushed peanut and oreos. I have to recommend mixing the vanilla ice cream with the flourless chocolate cake; fabulous! Parking was easy, and the doorman was a real gentleman. Only possible downside was that it's a tad pricey (not shocking) and the crowd was super hip. I did not feel cool enough to be there, but everyone was friendly, so it didn't really matter. Oh, and good music playing, too.
