I've been (unsuccessfully) looking for good croissants all over town (please give me more recommendations). Frieda is one of the rare places that made me swoon over their chocolate almond croissant. Get this if it's the one thing you're getting here.  
I also got a side of the multigrain toast and chorizo with the cortado. Absolutely delicious sausage and perfect coffee! Attentive servers and super chill vibe. I imagine I'm going to be trying a lot of their bakery items on a regular basis. 

The only minor complaint I'd have is that the table was a little sticky.
I've waited quite a while to review Frieda. I wanted to learn a lot about it to include in my review. Frieda is a great spot to get lunch solo or with friends/colleagues, study quietly, or join a group. Let me elaborate:

Frieda offers a menu of fresh breakfast, lunch, and pastry items. You can get a sandwich, wrap, or salad or opt for a frittata or soup. Their pastries are made on the spot, often in view of the cafe. I love watching them make their cakes and sweet delicacies. There's quite an art to it. My favorite sandwiches are a toss up: some days it's the curry chicken wrap; others it's the turkey with their delicious Frieda chutney. I've become such a regular that the staff greets me warmly and knows I'll be asking for a hot chai latte. Oh yes, their looseleaf teas and lattes are great as well!

Their motto is CONNECTING GENERATIONS. This is the second part of Frieda I was curious about. I didn't understand, so I asked staff to explain. They offer a great space for people to come and play games. There's frequently a table or 3 of ladies playing Mahjong around 1 PM on weekdays. They also have sign-up sheets on the front wall near the door. They have a movie club, book club, German- and French-language clubs...really, this place has it all. They wanted to open a space where people could come and meet others of all ages and interact. They also have a great program where senior citizens make the pastries and jars of jelly. Frieda pays them fair wage. Now, who can't get behind a mission like Frieda's?! I love the place. 

Frieda is nestled on Walnut Street between 3rd and 4th Streets. It's next to the Polish American Cultural Center. Check it out.
DO NOT GIVE THESE PEOPLE YOUR BUSINESS. 
I was walking in my neighborhood today and decided to try this place for a drink and a snack. I walked in and I looked at the menu, then I looked at the pastry display, and then walked over to use the bathroom. 
A waiter quite LITERALLY swooped in front of me to block me from the walkway and said, "um, excuse me, would you like something?" 
I was confused at him coming into my personal space and backed up and said, "yes, thank you, but I'm not ready to order, I am still thinking." 
I attempted to go around him to which he MOVED to CONTINUE to block me, and I said completely perplexed, "I need to use the bathroom??" to which he said "Yeah, um, we are going to ask that you buy something FIRST before using the bathroom."  
ARE YOU KIDDING ME? You cant take a customers word for it and allow them to use the bathroom before placing an order and sitting down? 
I said, "Now not only am I not buying anything, you have just lost my business indefinitely." 
I am not a tourist, I live RIGHT around the corner from this business in a high rise building. I sent a message to my entire building warning them about this place. Im PRETTY SURE this just happened on the news, and had my skin color been different, it would have been an even bigger problem. UNACCEPTABLE. 
Keep treating customers like this, especially your neighbors who become your bread and butter- and see how long your business lasts. 
You can guarantee all 45 floors of my building will be thinking twice before walking in here.
This place is absolutely amazing!! 

They really stick to the concept of being neither a cafe or restaurant or shop etc. but more a combination of each. 

As soon as you walk in, you can tell there is really an aesthetic, consisting of crisp white walls, but also the open space of a warehouse. The chairs and tables also provide a "clean" and minimal environment. 

The staff at Frieda is super helpful and friendly and we were able to pick wherever we wanted to sit (the place was a bit empty at 4pm on Tues).

Friend and I had our hearts set on the bread basket (which comes with an assortment of toast, croissants, other breads along with fresh jam) once we saw it. But I'd love to come back and try their brunch menu or the desserts, which looked decadent. 

Everything in the assortment was amazing, but the almond croissant had to be my favorite-with the flaky outside and soft almond inside.

We also went and bought some of their pins that they sell in the shop area of the place. They also sell their jams too!

This place is easy to reach (roughly 3 blocks) if you ride from the Market-Frankford line as well
On my recent trip to Philly, I loved Frieda so much I came here three times. That is something I never do ever, as I usually try to experience as many spots in a city as humanly possible while traveling. But I was so smitten with Frieda that I genuinely looked forward to returning.

MISSION: Frieda is an intergenerational restaurant, community center, art gallery, bakery, and coffee shop. Its primary identity may be a restaurant, but they often flip the space for workshops, readings, and other cool classes. They sell amazing local goods by local makers, and I love their statement about their artists, bakers and employees: "And while you're here, know that any money you spend at FRIEDA helps us create fair-wage jobs for people of all generations - many of them retired, but still needing to work to make ends meet - as well as support our Outreach Community Program."

FOOD + DRINK: Reasonably priced and crave-worthy. The salmon avocado toast was beautifully presented, had delicious flavor and was very generous. As for bakery, my Mom and I both agreed their croissant was the best we've ever had. Thick but still flaky and melt-in-your-mouth chocolate. The London Fog and other coffee drinks we had were always well-made and satisfying.

SERVICE + VIBE: Nahir is amazing. I actually hugged him on my final visit! We had so many great chats about Frieda's programs, the menu, and just Philly in general. He went above and beyond. The vibe here is very white and minimal, but open and airy. You get a great feeling just sitting there and existing.

I wish this spot was in Cleveland because I'm obsessed with its multi-faceted approach to community and its inclusiveness. I can't recommend it enough! It is such a pleasant surprise that you can feel good about supporting.
I'll probably never taste their food, because their inability to accommodate me left me with a bad taste in my mouth. 

I am visibly pregnant. I walked in today around 4:30 p.m. and asked to use the bathroom. I pointed out that I was expecting a child and really needed the facilities. The man behind the counter responded that I would need to purchase something first. I told him that I didn't have my wallet (as it was Shabbat) and I really needed to use the bathroom. He, along with the support of he other man behind the counter, told me there was a public restroom a few blocks away. I reiterated that I was pregnant and asked him if he was serious. He insisted the restrooms were only for customers. With no wallet, I had no option but to leave. 

Positano Coast, a much nicer establishment a block and a half away, welcomed me without any hesitation or questions. I _barely_ made it there without urinating on myself. Thanks, Frieda. 

During both of my pregnancies, I have never once, until today, been refused a bathroom by a store even if it was "private" or "for customers only." The men behind the counter clearly have never been pregnant or known a woman who was pregnant. 

I can only hope Frieda rethinks its strategy and considers allowing pregnant women and toddlers who are toilet training to use their bathrooms without a purchase, when necessary.
It's been 5 years since my review of Frieda, so here I go about to gush over how great this cafe is, post-2020 era and all! 

Frieda is fantastic. Their mission is to connect generations (see my 2016 review), and they continued to offer programming online post-2020 (with helpful how-to instructions for folks who needed it). Programming includes book clubs, language groups, meditation groups, language groups. You name it, they have it, virtually or (slowly) in person. 

The cafe is set up outdoors on the sidewalk and in a couple parking spaces. They have had this set up since before the days of Covid, but it became essential after the shutdown. They also have limited seating indoors, if interested. The outdoors space includes lots of greenery, so even if you are near a table, you may have a large plant or 2 placed between the tables for privacy. Nice touch!

The food is still on point. They offer a breakfast menu all morning and afternoon and a lunch menu at lunch. They have takeout dinners as well. They will deliver to nearby zip codes. The pastries are some of the best in the Philly area (have you TRIED their almond croissants?!?!). 

Check out Frieda in the 2020s. You'll be glad you did!
This review is based solely on the supposedly gluten free cake which WASN'T!!!!!
The place looks very nice and I had heard good things about it. Stopped in and was surprised to find two store made GF cakes. I quizzed the staff person at length about how they were baked and decided to try. I had the lemon cake, which was delicious. 

Unfortunately I had a massive reaction. I have celiac disease. I called the restaurant and left a message requesting that the chef call back so I could figure out what went wrong. I have waited over a week but he has not returned my call. 

If you have celiac disease DO NOT EAT THE SUPPOSEDLY GF CAKE!!!!

Not sure if I trust the kitchen with anything else.
(4.5 stars) After stopping in for lunch this week, I gotta say I'm a big fan of this cafe. It doesn't feel like an American cafe at all. Lots of natural light, simple yet sleek white furniture, high ceilings, trinkets at the front, art and group gatherings across from the dining tables. It honestly feels almost like an Amsterdam export. My only real complaint would be the menu, which feels somewhat limited in its abdunace of healthy vegetarian options. 

The avocado toast with salmon was light yet filling, and had both more salmon and more avocado than any bagel or toast I've ever gotten. Like seriously, kudos to them for not skimping on portions. I just wish it had more pesto because pesto is incredible and it helped unify the toast. Not sure what I would order next time, though would probably struggle to decide for a while before just picked the avocado toast again.
Will never go here again. I had a school group and we went to Frieda because five 4-year-olds needed to use the bathrooms. I told my class that I had to purchase food in order for us to use the facility. There was only 2 other customers in the cafe. After I paid for my food I asked if it was okay to let the kids use the facilities. They agreed while the rest of our group sat quietly in a children's nook and listened to a book. 
I was then told by the owner that this is not a public restroom and It was suggested that I was not allowed to come back again. 
I do understand that it's their cafe and they can do what they want but don't be rude to me, especially if I am technically a customer. I've already notified the children's families about this and they are quite upset after we have had other great experiences with other cafes in the area.
I have been here several times now. The brunch here is great each time. Best quiche (Lorriane - mushroom and ham quiche) in the city. I have had a few different dishes from here. All were excellent.

Service is slightly off at times when it is super busy. Metered parking outside.
After a tiring walk taking in the historic sites in the Independence District, my parents and I were ready for some early evening tea and snacks, and that's when we stumbled upon this cute little cafe.

Nashir was our host, and he took really good care of us from beginning to end. He patiently answered all my questions and was really helpful in making certain items vegetarian friendly for us. The rosemary biscuits were just perfect and the quiche with goat cheese and caramelized onions was very tasty.

They have a wide selection of teas and coffees, and the Darjeeling tea was very flavorful. As for coffee, my dad got their latte and he liked it very much too. They do have a great collection of jams, and other goodies if you want to take home as well.

Frieda is the perfect afternoon tea/curl up and read place :)
Worst service I've seen and felt being insulted. Never go there again!!
I was there for a friend catch up. It took me awhile to get there, and when I walked in I asked if I can use the bathroom first before I order because I REALLY HAVE to use the bathroom immediately! An old woman there stopped me and insisted on me ordering first. Even after I told her I will definitely order but just really need to use the bathroom now. She said - "well many people just use the bathroom and left. You need to order first. What if you use the bathroom and leave?" And she was standing between me and the way to bathroom like she is using her body to protect her bathroom...WTF?!? So stupid - only allow customers to use the bath is strange but still understandable, but what do you mean you don't trust that I will order later? I wonder what has happened to you in life so that you don't even trust people on the smallest thing like this? She was the front page lady on their ads and website. Shame on you frieda

Opened up my Yielp account to comment on this. Avoid this place!!!
This place is a hidden gem! I walk passed it and wanted to just grab a coffee and a cookie but found out they actually serve brunch! They did have a server at that moment, not sure is it because of the pandemic or it's always been like this.

They did have 4-5 tables outside the café for people to use, it has a canteen style where you order your food in the counter and grab yourself a table if any of the them are available. I order a spinach quiche and a continental breakfast, it had me surprised of how tasty the foods are.

The portion of the food is just right, not like the regular "American" among that you can't quite finish.
Loved everything about Frieda. The atmosphere is so chic, simple and artsy. I loved the little vase of flowers all over the restaurant. The pictures on the wall, the messages written on each jar & one side of the wall. Everything is well thought out & perfectly placed. 

We took carry out since we were in a rush but definitely wanted to stay there. I ordered the Frieda Sliders - braided short ribs, gravy topped with melted Gouda and served with their house salad. 
It was hearty for sure! Very filling and tasty. I'm glad it comes with the salad which has a mustard dressing that complimented the beef.

The pastries looked great too...so whenever I'm back in Philly, I need to try those.
Everything I've ever had at Frieda is fantastic including the coffee, tea, pastries, and chocolates.I really need to try lunch here someday because the menu looks delicious. 

It provides a warm and welcoming refugee to meet with friends, grab a quick coffee or spend some time reading. 

They are constantly providing various events for the neighborhood. I'm hopeful that Frieda will be part of this neighborhood for a long time.
What a surprise Frieda was! We loved it. The food was delicious and the coffee was strong.

We had the salmon avocado toast- and yes it may have a lot of salmon and a ton of avocado but I'm a believer that you can't ever have enough of either so I was loving the toast. The quiche we had was fantastic.  Cheesy and yummy- would recommend. The food took a bit to get but you could tell everything was made from scratch so well worth it. 

The place is so artsy- but like a cool vibe not stuffy. The pastries looked incredible and we will definitely come back and try some.

Just can't believe that we had no stopped in sooner - so stop by and support the local community.
Probably my least favorite spot in all of Philadelphia. Management is aggressive with tourists merely looking for a place to use the restroom. Overall, the service was poor and pathetic. These human beings were rude, distasteful, and nasty when I simply asked to use the restroom prior to ordering. I was hoping for a welcome to Philadelphia -- instead I got a million reasons to why I should never return to Frieda's. Terrible service!
I like what Frieda is doing. They have a noble mission. The spot is stylish, and staff are welcoming. Their shop has cool items for sale. 

I had breakfast, arriving shortly after they opened. Snagged an outdoor table since the dogs were with us. Glad I arrived early, since they quickly filled up. 

My Vietnamese iced coffee was different from what I expected, but smooth and delicious. The food was good. The dishes are not run-of-the-mill and have a little creative twist.

I can't wait to go back and try the pastries.
Food: delicious! I had the poached eggs with vegetables and pesto, side of chorizo. All amazing!

Staff: unmatched! Aside from being incredibly friendly and providing good service, they feel like a family here. One of the servers overheard us talking about museums, asked if we were from out of town (we are) and had a huddle with some of the other servers to offer us their recommends for restaurants, bars, and museums. We've hit a couple of these recommends, and they nailed it!
I went to Frieda for the first time for an alumni afternoon tea and book signing. I had no idea it existed before then, but it's a really cute little cafe/pastry shop/art gallery/community shop. It is really a multi-purpose space! They also sell creations made by people of all different generations so it's a space to try to bring different types of people together. 

They have tea, coffee other drinks and pastries. For our tea, I got the cinnamon spice tea and it was really good. We also had some really good tea sandwiches, scones and pastries. It was a great space to host the event!
Very quaint spot in a historical neighborhood.

They have many gluten free options.

I had the coffee and croissant combo for $3 which was a great start. Followed with the house made granola which was also fantastic.

Coffee was ground and poured fresh.

Didn't venture too deep into the menu but it all looked really fresh. Lots of pastries.

Best part: music bossa nova style and soothing. 

Highly recommend!!
Stopped by for a quick bite after finding this place on Yelp and have to say, what a gem!!!  Such an unexpected, pleasant surprise. The food was delicious, the service was impeccable!  I had a delicious spinach quiche with feta that came with a yummy side salad and a cappuccino that hit the spot. If you haven't been here, you should go! You won't be disappointed!!!
FRIEDA's is a true hidden gem in Old City. I visited this morning and sat outside to enjoy my coffee and Baker's Basket. The breads and pastries in the basket were delicious and perfect for two people (though I'd also have NO issues eating it myself..yum). 

It's located next to the Polish Heritage Center and I'm not sure if the two are associated but I felt like I could have been sitting outside a coffee shop in Poland. I loved the decor and the plants surrounding each table. 

I will definitely return and highly recommend FRIEDA to anyone and everyone. FRIEDA is a must visit!
I got the Continental Breakfast which was a lot more underwhelming than what I had expected. Rather than breakfast, they should have called it a snack as the individual components seemed more fitting for a small bite. The redeeming quality though is the interior feel. Brightly lit and modern design. But the final strike: they charged for hot water. What else can I say besides how ridiculous that is. Goodbye.
Excellent food... especially the quiches. Many delightful sweet things. Friendly staff. Moderate prices. 
This a good place that for a relaxing, unhurried breakfast or brunch. 
I love the minimalist decor. 
Good beverages
I had never been to Frieda until my next door neighbor raved about their take out dinners during this stay at home order. I am so glad that she did. The meals are delicious and enough for even a second lunch meal. This is one of the best kept secrets in the neighborhood. I love Frieda. The croissants and pastries are yummy too.
The food here wasn't bad.. however for a place that brands themselves as a space that accommodates different generations, it doesn't have a bathroom that's equipped with a changing table. And they wouldn't let us change him right outside the bathroom where there were tables either. 

The waiter who served us was lovely, but we definitely wouldn't come back here.
Loved the ambience of this place and the service. Super clean and COVID friendly. We had the baker's basket which was great except there way too much toast. It included the almond croissant and pain au chocolat, both amazing, a scone (which was okay) and the toast that I mentioned with jam. We also had the Chocolate Almond Croissant which was pretty good but if you want to order one thing for your sweet tooth, I would suggest the pain au chocolat

The best thing on the menu was the Salmon Croissant. The capers and cheese were just perfect. Wow. I would come back for this any day. 

We also had the Spinach Quiche which was crispy and fresh and full of flavour. 

The french omelette was probably something I won't order again; nothing wrong with, just not for me. I will say that it was cooked to perfection- fluffy and light and it came with multigrain bread. My friend's kiddo loved it. 

I'm a sucker for good service and this place is run by the most polite and delightful folks. I loved everything about my experience here.
Not sure why the service I received was so bad... Literally saw them being very nice to other customers.

Food is ok- bit pricy but you can see them making the food behind the counter- trying to be labeled as an upper-scale?

Spacious- prob good for coffee and dessert instead of lunch. My quiche was def over priced and it was just ok.
Came right around opening on a Saturday and it got busy fairly quickly. I got their pastry basket consisting of a variety of baked goods, which was a smaller size than I expected. The scone and croissants were well made, but I didn't enjoy the toasted brioche, which just tasted like dry toast.

The basket also came with butter and 2 jams (peach and blueberry). The jams were good, particularly the peach, though both were a little too sweet for my taste.

Overall 3.5/5 - pretty good but didn't reel me in.
cute breakfast spot in the neighborhood! definitely worth a visit if you're looking for something chill and artsy vibe.  it felt like i was dining at the museum of arts lol pretty cool they got some arts n craft items like origami.  for the meal, i got the mushroom toast and really enjoyed it!  it's like a fancy version of the biscuit with gravy.  super savory! i didn't get to the croissants but they look legit! will try next time!
Such a sweet brunch/lunch spot. The staff were all very kind and patiently answered all our questions about the menu before we ordered. The food was delicious and the tea was great!! We ordered a pot of earl grey tea to share b/w two people. I highly recommend the beet/goat cheese salad.
This lovely spot was a welcome discovery for both the eyes and the tastebuds. We had a very restorative cup of tea and ogled the pastries on offer. The care put into the food seems tops. The atmosphere was gorgeous and artsy. An all around win!
We've been enjoying the wonderful food at Frieda's for the past few months. The service is great, as is the vibe. This afternoon, we had the Afternoon Tea for our bookclub. There were 6 of us. At $25 per person, it was a fabulous value. Thomas, the owner, and David, the chef, prepared a marvelous meal. They serve lovely tea as well. I can't recommend Frieda Cafe enough. Check it out everyone!
Love this place. Great European vibe. Fantastic coffee, great for lunch or breakfast. Croissants and pastries to die for. Yummy quiches. How lucky am I that I work a block away???
We are visiting from out of town and ended up here with my dad and two kids. The food, service and ambience here were amazing!!!! If we were from the area this would be our regular breakfast place. So good!!!!
Beautiful plating and delicious food. It has a kind of Nordic-country feel with minimalist designs and healthy, protein rich/vegetable laden options.

I got the continental breakfast which was about $15 and included a lovely spread of salmon, chèvre cheese, prosciutto, a hard cheese, and four pieces of brioche toast (warm and crispy) as well as a croissant. It was arranged in small and appealing portions and satisfied the part of me that likes to nibble on different things like a little forager.

The environment is welcoming and beautiful and I was able to get some work done as well in the serene setting, complete with a flautist, (I know, what is this place?)!

Highly recommend.
Best croissants and chocolate croissants in town. I know what I am talking about, I am from Paris. :D
Other pastries are also really tasty. It's not very surprising. The chef is French and everything is made from scratch.

Food menu worth also the try, even though the portions are not... American. It can seems pricy but regarding the quality of the ingredients and the preparation, I think it's quite fair. And the place is absolutely gorgeous. Modern, classy, with Scandinavian influences.
-》 don't wait. Just go
It's a cute place with a good mission. The prices are surprisingly reasonable, maybe just in comparison to New York prices, but not inflated despite their practice of paying fair wages. It seemed pretty empty mid-morning on a weekday, although there was a steady stream of takeout customers. They're not super fast with coffees, and it's not a quick In-and-out place. The latte was very good, pretty strong, not overly milky like they often are. The pastries were pretty good. The carrot cake was delicious and fresh, the frosting was too bland for my taste, more plain vanilla than cream cheesy. I also tried a decent banana twist thing. They also do some prepared foods. It's in an unmarked building and is a nice, bright, simply decorated space. It's a nice area to walk around, with lots of gardens and public parks.
Loved everything about this place! Some people were reading books and some people were chatting. The place looks bright and feels zen. The staff made me feel so relaxed - you would think I'm reviewing a spa but this place has amazing coffee and fresh baked goods and pastries. I can't wait to go back!
Sweet cafe/brunch spot, located in the charming old city area! 

The decor is simple, modern, and artistic with cute little trinkets and such on display that you can purchase. I appreciated their wide range of options for breakfast and brunch foods on the menu, and a variety of drinks as well. The croissants have diverse fillings that my friend and I thought were really delicious, and there were other types of baked goods that I wanted to try on the menu too.

We came during covid summer, so there was no indoor seating, but they had a few tables and chairs outside. We were fortunate to snag a spot but there is limited space and several people who came after us were not able to sit. I heard two ladies (who came by when there was no seating available) talking about taking their food to eat at the nearby Rose Garden, which is a spot that I love in the city, so definitely an excellent alternative option that I would recommend!
I can't believe that I haven't reviewed this place yet. I've been here at least five or six times and each time the experience is the same. Something either comes out wrong or is forgotten, but yet I still have a great time every time LOL! The staff is wonderful here and the food is phenomenal, I wouldn't change a thing, except for maybe they can add bacon to the menu. Frieda has been there each and every time that I have come and is very welcoming. The quiche, pastry , coffee and everything else is worth every penny and more! I highly recommend.
I went with the avocado toast and it was mediocre at best.  For starters, I love avocado but this was just wayyyy to much for the size of the entree.  Secondly, the meal was really bland.  I had to request hot sauce and whatever hot sauce they gave me added a weird flavor to the meal.  It's hard to go wrong with avocado toast so this was surprising. In addition to that, the service was very slow and our sever seemed like he just couldn't be bothered. 

One redeeming factor here is their carrot cake cupcake.  Seriously so soft and delicious, one of the best cupcakes I've ever had!
Worst service ever. Getting menus .. challenging. Getting service to order .. next to impossible. Food .. My friend's order arrived before mine and our food took about 35 minutes to arrive. When my order did arrive it was wrong and I had to send it back and cancel as my friend was just about finished eating. They did continue to charge me for the extra ham. Recommendation? Avoid.
First off, my cat's name is Frida so when this popped up on Yelp I absolutely had to go, even with the spelling difference. The cafe is adorable with the plenty of indoor and outdoor seating, extremely friendly service, and good food. 

I enjoyed the yogurt parfait that had plenty of fruit in it, as well as the almond croissant. I also liked the Paris Fog I got with it. They have a ton of pastry options and I'd definitely go back to try more. 

One piece of feedback - I LOVE that they give you wooden utensils in the name of sustainability - but the wooden knife was basically useless on the almond croissant. I had wanted to cut and eat it to not get my hands dirty and ended up having to just bite into it. I don't know if there's another sustainable brand that's slightly more efficient? Anyways, thought I'd share that piece. 

Loved the restaurant regardless!
I was so excited to try this place out. Unfortunately, the staff made it an unpleasant 5 minutes despite me being a paying customer.

The minute I walked in, the woman with the orange hair was somewhat unwelcoming. It's like she didn't want us to sit or something? I asked for menus and she looked at me like I was crazy. Fine, I'll get pastries to go. 

At the counter, I asked again about seating, which there were plenty of empty tables but was dismissed? So we took our pastries to go anyway. Know what? 

I don't know if it was being treated like trash or if their pastries just aren't fresh but they were Walmart quality at best.

Very disappointed. Before I even walked in, I had texted my brunch club a picture of the place I was about to try out but quickly followed up with "never mind" 

Won't be back.
This place is adorable!!! At first when you pass by, it looks more like a small store than a restaurant, but once you walk in you can see the cafe behind all of their items for sale (which are very cute). 

The vibe is great here - the staff is so friendly and they have a wide selection of food on their menu. All of their baked items looked delicious - if we were hungrier, we definitely would have ordered some to start with. The oat latte was delicious, and my boyfriend and I both loved our breakfast (we both got avocado toast, but he added an egg on his). The ambiance made this experience so much better - lots of art on the walls and they are painted bright white, which is lovely. 

I would highly recommend this place to anyone, just wouldn't recommend coming with a large group. I will be back next time I come to Philadelphia!
So I stumbled into this breakfast locale after completing the Philly 10k race on a beautiful Sunday morning and was very pleased I found this restaurant. 

Very open spacing on the tables which gives off a leisurely demeanor in a beautiful part of town. I stopped in for an iced coffee for a pick me up after the race and ended up buying one of there desserts which was described by the cashier as a crossiant rolled up into a muffin topped with sugar and cinnamon. The dessert tasted very light and gave me the vibe I have to come back and try the breakfast for a full proper review! If i end up moving into Philly which I plan on I will definitely have a return visit. 

Bravo Frieda and as always people SYOY!!
We bookmarked this place a while back but was in the area and search came up again and decided to try.  The outside was not what was expected since we were looking for a restaurant.  The outside looks like a museum gift shop.  We went in and ordered from a simple menu but complex tea and coffee menu.  Everything was good and the pastry was up to my Parisian husband's liking.  I was a bit weird out with the plastic and disposable plates and utensils.  I guess that's the new thing.  I just prefer in real silverware and real plates and bowls.  Anyway it was good food but the presentation could be better.
While their food is quite good, the staff are incredibly rude. We were pushed out because we were not ordering fast enough. The staff were mean and hostile. If you're looking for a nice relaxing meal, do not go to Frieda--you'll be treated like an inconvenience.
The food was decent but expensive. That is often worth it, assuming good and respectful service. Instead, my girlfriend and I were forced to hand sanitize, but watched several others enter without being even asked. Hope this isn't related to my Hispanic background or appearance.
Came here this weekend for brunch with a friend! Despite it being a Saturday at 10am, there were still a few tables open inside and out. 

There's a very cool shopping area in the front of the space selling artisan goods. There is also a to-go counter with coffee and pastries. 

We sat down and split a chocolate almond croissant, and then I ordered the Frieda, which was poached eggs over mushroom bread pudding. Highly recommend! My friend got one of the omelets which I didn't try. My only gripe is that, as other reviewers have noted, the bamboo disposable silverware (while I love that it is compostable), sucks to eat with. The tines of the fork are too short and the knife too dull. 

We both got lattes as well which were delicious. Can't wait to come back!
Sure, Frieda presents itself as an adorable little coffee shop, but I see what's going on here. Frieda is a brute that is set to pummel the local competition and start competing with startbucks. With their delicious pastries and aw shucks quaint atmosphere, they are going to decimate the local coffee shops. I feel bad for their competition. Oh, also their prices are oddly reasonable.
Frieda is a community gathering place with good food. I got a breakfast and small piece of art - they go hand to hand in Frieda.
It is very welcoming place in regards to the people and environment.
Lovely, friendly.    Delicious almond pastry and fresh coffee with an admirable mission.
Had such a delicious brunch here with my client. I ordered the potatoes and egg hash which was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Coffee was great. The vibe is clean and simple.

Knocked off a star because the waiter handed the check to my client (a male) instead of placing it in the middle of the table, like most place do. Not really into that kind of assumption.
Loved this concept, wish my grandmother lived in the city so that everyone else could benefit from her delicious cooking, she could chit-chat all the live-long day, AND brush up on her Yiddish / Bridge / Canasta skills at night. We need more places like this.
Also, the food and coffee were pretty, pretty good. :) 
My only constructive (#basic) criticism: please offer more gluten free options!
This is an amazing hidden gem in old city ! I had no idea that it existed until a good friend invited me there for lunch . It is a GREAT space with community art all around, many different events are planned there and the food and service is AWESOME and you can BYOB! Check it out !
What an interesting place. Large open space, 20 foot ceiling, very modern and IKEA-ish. Food options are healthy, and my meal was very nice. Coffee was good as was the orange cake. No WiFi. Check it out.
Thank you Yelpers for another wonderful recommendation. My mother and I are visiting Philadelphia for the next five days. We started late this morning, as we're on California time, so we had to find someplace that was still serving breakfast. Thanks to your recommendation, we found Frieda's. It is an adorable cafe with mouthwatering food and impeccable service. Did I forget to mention the coffee and teas? Those were amazing as well! 
I can't even tell you the best part, because there were so many! At first glance, you are enchanted by the ambiance flowing out from the cafe. A beautifully decorated outdoor seating area immediately welcomes you into the cafe. Then upon entry to the cafe, you are greeted by a friendly staff member surrounded by a small boutique like setting. Intricate paper crafts and other novelties adorn the shelves. And what's more, is the items are created by local Philadelphians between the ages of 18-80. Maybe that's the best part. By the time you order, you have fallen completely in love with this small cafe. My mama ordered a delicious avocado toast with poached eggs. While I ordered a savory mushroom toast with fried eggs. The pictures don't do it justice. The chef, who personally delivered our food, was very kind and catered to our every wish. 
If you ever get a chance to visit Philadelphia, please check this place out. You won't regret it.
A great breakfast experience. I came in on Sunday morning it was not too crowded and was seated immediate by very friendly and polite servers. The vegetarian poached eggs with pesto was perfect. The vegetables were roasted perfectly the pesto was delicious. I'm gluten free and found it easy to eat here as they have GF options. A wonderful experience. Coffee was also perfect. Highly recommended.
This cute cafe tucked in the historic old city area of Philly and is refreshingly minimalistic in its ambience. We enjoyed everything we tried here starting with the cafe au lait and cappuccino. There was a delay in our order and we were given complementary scone and slice of cake which were both delicious. Our order of an egg white omelette and poached egg with veggies was great too. We also got the breakfast pastries on the side and had to take it to go. The food is on the healthier side with not as many decadent options which is great for people looking for healthy options. The prices are very reasonable and I will certainly go back for their again.
Frieda has a lovely high-ceilinged space, though smaller than it looked in the photos. We sat outside in the cute sidewalk cafe section with bright yellow trash cans filled with plants. 

The food was very good, though the presentation was lacking (paper plates, no real plating plan visible). They have Elixir coffee and incredibly orange-yolked eggs, presumably from Lancaster Farm Fresh. We had a scrumptious mushroom toast with poached eggs, which were perfectly poached, and an English breakfast, which was also tasty but pretty heavy on the beans with a tasty but slightly undercooked and inauthentic cheddar scone. 

The cappuccinos were decent but not as good as actually at Elixir and also served in paper. I'm not sure if everything was on disposable ware because we were outside or if that's normal, but it did take away from the meal. The cutlery in particular was a problem, the knife totally unequal to the eggs Benedict my friend had. Certainly not a deal breaker, but could be better. 

I'd love to come back and try some pastries and learn more about the clubs they host. I can't believe I'm just now finding out about this place!
Great place to grab a quick coffee, snack, or stay for a longer sit-down meal. Their brunch is great. The place has this European vibe to it.

They have special events or themed happenings, like chess or German-speaking. It's quirky and I like it.
Love love love this cafe...I have been here on several occasions.  Minimalist by design.  Coffee is great.  Had the quiche Lorraine and salad 3 times, a chocolate croissant and the orange cake twice now.  Uhmmm...that orange cake is to die for...understated sweet with bits of orange rind in the cake...SO good.  They are going to make me fat! :) It's probably a good thing I don't live in the neighborhood but they make me want to!
I first heard about Frieda from my mom who bought me a couple chutneys and pastries from the cafe, which were super tasty. It took me a while to finally try it out in person and the brunch did not disappoint. Everything was amazing, especially the croissants and the atmosphere is clean and modern.
Staff was so friendly and helpful. A very minimalist design that is still bright and inviting.  Food was delicious. Highly recommend the mushroom bread pudding with poached eggs. Bread pudding was savory, moist and reminiscent of the best Thanksgiving stuffing. Mushrooms, gruyere cheese sauce and poached eggs were decadent, but not overly rich. The cafe also has a great mission of bringing generations together and offering fair wages.
I got the avocado salmon toast. Came with arugula and pesto. Very healthy portion for ~$13-14

Their coffee came very hot; the cappuccino is delicious. 

Staff was very welcoming and friendly. 

The ambiance was calm and just perfect.

Most importantly, they host events and groups to connect generations-- a fantastic platform and initiative.
This is the best brunch place I've ever! Food is tasty, healthy and fulfilling!! Definitely recommend!!!
Came here for the weekend brunch, and I was so pleased with my choice. 

First of all, I was attracted to the layout and decorations of this place. It has very simple and clean cut design, high callings with lots of natural lights. The main color is white and gray.

We were seated immediately. Our server was very nice and friendly. I ordered the Frieda mushroom toast, it was delicious!!! My friend ordered continental breakfast (I think), it was also good, but we both agreed that the mushroom toast is better. 

The price is average in the old city neighborhood, so it's pretty reasonable given the friendly service and deliciousness of the food. 

I can't wait to go back soon!
In town with my 11 year old & we were looking for something close to the hotel (Hilton). Frieda had solid reviews so we walked over without really looking at the menu or photos of the plates. 

We were in the mood for your standard pancakes, waffles, eggs benny, etc... and this place is definitely not that. However the food is excellent, well prepared and overall we left satisfied with our choice. 

Advice: look at the menu prior to coming and you'll be happy you came.
A unique coffee house with a mission: to connect generations in a classic coffee house setting. An article online describes it as a "social enterprise start-up" and emphasizes the store as a means to help benefit the community. 

The inside feels a bit like an art installation. There is an area for kids to play and also plenty of open space. 

It's definitely worth checking out if you want something other than the standard corporate coffee house vibe. The coffee is definitely of higher quality.
Excellent! Delicious tuna salad sandwich on gluten free bread and goat cheese salad. Great service, beautiful presentation. Did not know what to expect when we came to check it out. Very pleasant surprise.
I'm a little torn...I really wanted to love this place. My review is only for Afternoon Tea. It was very underwhelming for $25 pp. Our waiter was very nice but, I don't know, I just felt taken advantage of based on the amount of food you get for $25. If I just want a cup of coffee and a pastry "maybe" I'll go back...
Good bakery, pastry place in Philly. The Smoked Salmon Quiche was delish. Service was OK.
This new little cafe/restaurant has made a huge difference in our community.  It is a meeting place for many that feels like home. The menu is just right for lite eating, as are the coffee and sweets.  All made fresh every day.  It's an interesting space, open and light and a great place to sit and read and talk to others.

On the weekends there are specials, and their quiche is wonderful.
Our family of five stopped at Frieda's for brunch after catching a matinee at the Walnut St Theater.  The menus had so many delicious looking options that it took us longer than usual to order.  We ended up splitting a piece of their signature almond cake as an appetizer--each of got a few bites of the cake which was wonderfully moist and flavorful with a decadent buttercream frosting.  Menu options range from sweet (French toast with tasty butterscotch syrup) to savory (many quiche and egg options). Portions were generous and staff were friendly and attentive.  Definitely recommended!
Did not check the time before going, but only had to wait a few minutes. Had the American omelette. Delicious. Josh was awesome, very friendly. Everyone was friendly. Would go back.
Absolutely loved this place. Friendly staff who actually pay attention to you, very cool design, quiet and calm place. Not to mention the delicious food. I highly recommend this place to anyone in the area.
Came here for brunch twice already and really enjoyed it.  The people super friendly and the food is unique with good coffee and pastries.  Also a cool atmosphere with high ceilings and all white furniture.  I really enjoyed it all around.
FREIDAs is the best. I hosted a private event there for the morning after our wedding. It was the PERFECT way to end the best weekend ever. The staff is lovely, kind and accommodating. They kept bringing out hot food and making sure everything was full.  DAVID is so nice, too. Thank you, FREIDA.
Live FRIEDA!  We come here frequently because the menu, food, and staff are all excellent.  Healthy options as well as indulgences. Great neighborhood spot where you can eat good food, catch up with friends and relax!
Excellent service, every one is helpful and nice. Great avocado toast. Chocolate almond croissants and coffee all good
4-1/2 stars. Delicious food, beautifully presented with excellent service. Beautiful, clean, bright, open atmosphere- very welcoming & pleasant. LOVED our breakfast & would go back in a N.Y. minute. Highly recommended & deserving of praise.
What a beautiful space with an even better mission: reconnecting all generations :) I'm a huge proponent of connecting everyone and creating a feeling of unity no matter our age, sex, background... 
I didn't even know about the extra sweet depth of this place when I first went in for a brunch dish (the Quiche Lorraine is excellent!) but now that I do, I'm excited to go back for a class or workshop! 

It's a big space, very simple, pleasant, and clean decor. The staff was very friendly and attentive and the food was delicious. I will definitely be back!
Absolutely love this place. Had brunch there once and am going back today. Food and service were impeccable, a welcome respite from the rather slap dash approach of some places. I cook and don't like to pay money for something I can make at home. Well, the chef at Frieda's has a Continental flair I lack. Omelette, potatoes, croissant, coffee all are outstanding. Pastries looked like something from a Parisian shop. PS There is an open kitchen. Watching chef work is a treat.
Fantastic menu, prepared with care add transparently. Starts with fresh and high-quality ingredients. Coffee drinks are a perfect pairing with the sweeter breakfast menu items!
I went to Fredas for breakfast this morning. I would say that the food is very well prepared at this establishment but the prices are rather high for what you get. It is definitely a relaxed atmosphere because the service is quite slow. You really need to have plenty of time to eat here. I do need to make a strong comment. My order was taking a little while to be prepared and I needed to ask for a takeout cup for my coffee in order to leave. I was actually charged $1.25 for each takeout cup on top of the $20 that I paid for my breakfast I really feel that as a patron in a moderate priced eatery this charge should be overlooked.

Very small/ minded. Frieda's has lost a customer.
This place is a gem. I love the concept of bringing the generations together. So wonderful. It made me reflect on how rare it is. The food was super fresh, beautifully presented, and completely delicious. Such a find.
From the first time on to this day, l always have a unique experience at Frieda. Mostly l stop for a good cup of coffee and read the NYT. I meet people, now friends, to share a story. My wife and I, joined a French conversation group that we enjoy. I invite friends for lunch. Recently we were at the opening  of a portrait exhibition  by a Philadelphia artist. Lunch prepared by French chef David (co-owner) is prepared using local ingredients and delicious. As to Thomas (co-owner) he is charming and engaging, always looking for new ideas on how to connect people.
My only connection to Frieda cafe is my own discovery. It is not your usual coffee place. Step in, be open and discover for yourself.
Samy Rabinovic, Philadelphia
Found this jewel while visiting Philly
The Breakfast was absolutely Delicious 
Combined with genuinely friendly service
Go There and support this business, The employees and chef love their profession and take pride in their 
Work and is a breath of fresh air.
Probably more of high 3, food is good, decor inside is more of the ikea style treatment. Not very family friendly as no changing table or high chairs. Not sure how long they've been in business but they should look into that stuff. If you are into ECO friendly this place does hit that mark, gives you what you need as in will hand you specific amounts of things sugars, syrups, bamboo utensils, just not a wasteful place. Portions are good sized. If it was more family friendly/better ambiance I'd probably give it more of 4.5. My avocado toast was bomb exceptional.
Frieda offers delicious fare--light and freshly made--at a reasonable cost. In the middle of an area filled with taverns, burgers and wings, Frieda offers salads. Quiches and other won't-kill-you food. And it's a delightful atmosphere with decor, gifties and service.
Strange and unusual atmosphere. Felt like we were being watched. Staff asked us to move from the front table as they claimed they needed to prepare for lunch traffic at 1:30pm. Despite placing an order for food, we were prohibited from sitting in main area as they said it was because my boyfriend had a laptop. At this point we didn't want to stick around any further and before even getting the chance to cancel our order, the server enthusiastically said "you don't want your food anymore do you?". Perhaps we did not fit their usual clientele, hence why they didn't want us to sit with the "others". Can't put my finger on it. Other usuals who frequent Frieda were equally dismayed and came up to console as we decided to leave. Frankly I am appalled and don't dare to speculate further on what else goes on here and why.
Great atmosphere, great food! My wife had the avocado toast; I had the salmon avocado toast. Both were excellent, very creamy, nice crunch on the bread.
Beautiful room filled with odor of deliciousness. Croissants amazing, egg dishes savory & presentation spectacular. For any occasion a great place to eat & chat. Hidden gem in Old City!
Lovely brunch spot! Enjoyed the chai latte, the thick French toast with that yummy butterscotch sauce and the quiche lorraine. The French toast was the star! Everything was delicious, and the space is very open and airy.
Frieda is fascinating.

It's truly a shining star in the midst of a scarily selfish world - definitely take a look at their website to learn more about their mission to reconnect generations/the community!

Of course, the ambience is bright and colorful, and the food is good - I've been here for coffee/pastries, and afternoon tea (the most recent time I got the (extremely moist) orange cake, yum). But it's the people there that make it great. The first time I went to Frieda, we asked to contribute to the big art piece on the wall (at the time) and they happily allowed us to, even giving us little chocolate cookies to snack on while we worked on our little squares of colored paper. And that's just one warm experience out of many.
Chocolate almond croissant, yummmm! Fresh, sweet, soft, flavorful. Extensive selection of teas. An olde city gem. Small , artsy , clean, friendly attentive staff; great jazzy bluesy music plays at just the right volume. Indoor and outdoor seating underneath butterflies
