OK crazy yelpers, can someone please explain to me what makes this tofu hoagie SO great that I had to go all the way over to 47th street?  I mean, it was tasty.  It sorta took a while to prepare (next time I'll call ahead!)  So much anticipation for the damn sandwich, I scarfed it all down and waited for my epiphany.  Sadly, it never came.  

Some veggies, some spicy sauce, some warmish tofu.  I've been a Philly vegetarian for over a year now and I've had many more impressive sandwiches.  Maybe I need to give it another go... and eat a little slower next time.
Tofu hoagie! This is what everyone writes about, and I have to agree. This is one of the finest sandwiches in Philly. This is a bahn mi, but not a traditional one. Their other sandwiches are okay, but this is the one that makes this a destination for pretty much every foodie in Philly, vegetarian or not.
I think tofu is gross.  And gnarly.

Tofu hoagie.  If it can be deemed nommable by me, then you're definitely gonna love it.

Tofu hoagie for prez.
I like this place.  We live right near here.  They have a huge selection of otherwise niche-y items.  I like the fact that if I forgot to pick something up at the j-mart mitsuwa in North Jersey, I can usually pick up a small amount of it here.  I've come in here looking for all sorts of weird things from parsley to sewing needles to shichimi spice, and I've found it here.

The deli also seems to be really popular.  I've only had the tofu hoagie here, and it's pretty good.  My boyfriend really likes the italian hoagie here, but I've never had.

Overall, it's a good place to pick up some small groceries if you're missing just that small something to complete dinner.  Or a good stopover for the hoagies alone.
Awesome. Finally got around to checking out Fu Wah since moving to West Philly in June and it lived up to the hype.

For less than $10, I got their famous tofu hoagie and a vietnamese char-grilled pork hoagie for my girlfriend and I to split. Both sandwiches were made to order, which gave me a chance to look around the store in the meantime. Prices are definitely reasonable, and for home cooks like us, their selection of ethnic ingredients is perfect for when we need that one ingredient that's not in our pantry (without driving to a larger supermarket further away).

As for the sandwiches, they were both delicious and surprisingly different for how similar the ingredients were. The tofu one, while not stuffed (hell, it was less than $5 so I'm not complaining), was exactly what a bahn mei is supposed to taste like. Love all the fresh cilantro they top it with. The pork was a little fatty, but packed with flavor and definitely my favorite between the two. Also enjoyed the crunch from the cucumber they add to the pork sandwich.

Will definitely be back!
Fu Wah began as a tiny hole-in-the-wall and then expanded to become what it is today. While other corner and convenience stores have gone out of business because they failed to adapt to changing demographics, Fu Wah has always paid attention to who their customers are and what they want, and will even order things on request. My 5 favorite things here:

1. Vietnamese curry powder (comes in yellow packets for 99¢)
2. Vegetarian gyoza (in the freezer, 25 in a bag)
3. Frozen coconut water (put one in a blender with an equal portion of fresh water for a cool summer drink)
4. Dark chocolate covered pretzels (great for sharing)
5. Vietnamese tofu hoagie WITH a Reed's Ginger Beer (they go so well together).
All my life I have more or less had a bad relationship with tofu. Aside from what I've had at Govinda's (which I highly recommend any day), all the tofu that I have had (and attempted to cook) has always tasted like cooked wet rubber to me. So I was kind of skeptical when I went in to try Fu-Wah's tofu hoagie that has earned a cult like status quo!

But I have to say I'm pretty impressed. Of course the fresh cilantro, chopped up carrots, and killer sauce helped it out a lot. But I'll spare you the graphic detail of how quickly I ended up devouring it. And the best part about it is that it cost less than $4, making it the best thing to get when your looking for a good meal on a budget.

Overall I'm impressed with Fu-Wah. It's a good spot to get cleaning products in a hurry, scope out some rare condiments, and it's a veggie lovers paradise. The people who work there are super friendly too. the lady behind the register was a class act.
I'm grabbing a tofu hoagie hold the jalapeño and a rosewater soda to share, I'm paying for them and putting them in my messenger bag, I'm saying Thank you and Have a nice day, I'm brushing off a catcall from a man outside, I'm biking two miles to the Institute of Contemporary Art, I'm locking up my bike, I'm waiting outside for you to clock off, I'm handing you the bag and saying "Surprise," I'm eating the hoagie with you in the afternoon sun, I'm 753 miles away, I'm three months later, I'm missing you more than ever.
The tofu hoagies deserve five stars.  I'd take one over a cheesesteak any day; and all my visitors are made to eat at least one Fu-Wah hoagie before they leave Philadelphia.  And they all like it.

The store itself is pretty cramped, and variety isn't that great - I went shopping there once, gearing up to cook vegan stir fry and spring rolls but couldn't find any plum sauce.  The young man working the counter said (direct quote): "my mom's always telling me I should stock it, but I think duck sauce is close enough.  You want some duck sauce?"  I bought it begrudgingly, and it really wasn't what I wanted at all.  But the tofu hoagies are so much deliciousness and sunshine encapsulated in cheap white bread that I can't bear to say another negative word about the place.  Go eat.  Now.
Dear Fu Wah- 

Please open another location closer to my house. I would gladly shop there multiple times a week. You have all the weird ingredients I want when I decide I want to make Pad Thai on a whim plus your selection of vegetables and tofu is better than most "grocery" stores. There are even fresh herbs! For cheap! (I realize that this should be the norm but lets face it, it's simply not). 

And then there are the tofu bahn mi's! Cheap, tasty, way more than I can eat in one sitting and oh ya they are spicy. Occasionally I have to pick off a jalapeno or two but in general I love the spice level of the sandwich. This is probably the best meal deal for $4 in Philly for vegetarians. 

So in conclusion, Fu-Wah please think about opening on the other side of the Schuylkill.  

xoxo Casey
The Tofu Hoagie is a staple of my diet.  The people who work there are super friendly, even the old lady who doesn't speak english. I do find it odd that the tofu hoagie isn't offered in a larger size, like the American-style ones are, but whatever, I find it perfectly filling in its present size.  I also recommend the ginger candies that come in a bag with checkerboard print on it.  Oh and they carry this fake meat in chicken and beef flavors in the fridge that's great.
I heard soo much about this place, so one afternoon to finish a long bike ride out to Morris Park in West Philly, I decided to finally check it out. I am a HUGE Vietnamese hoagie fan, and I was really excited. I got the tofu version because I heard it's the best. Well, I loved the tofu, and the ingredients were fresh and delicious (I has also just ridden to the other side of the world and was famished), but the roll. Oh the roll. It was subpar. If they had one of the crispy airy rolls I have come to love my South Philly hoagies on, it would have been the best vegetarian version I have had. HOWEVER, I was disappointed. It was chewy, and typical from a Wawa or some crappy corner store, like a ghetto Amoroso roll. Other then that, the tofu was marinated and delicious, and the ingredients were fresh. The sandwich was good, but I would prefer my South Philly version any day.
It's true. All the good stuff that everybody says. The tofu hoagies are to die for (get them with everything or you're missing out). I like to stop by and pick one up on my way to a lazy Clark Park afternoon. 

Even more could be said about the market's great selection of diverse foods - they really know what the neighborhood wants and are always open to suggestions. 

The guy that runs the register is alway nice, and calm, and happy, and cheerful, and you can find the rest of his famously wonderful family members running Vietnam Cafe next door and Vietnam restaurant in Chinatown. 

Sure, the prices are a little higher than the grocery store - that's why its a neighborhood market. I never mind paying a little extra to support a good neighbor.
I've lived in many neighborhoods all over Philadelphia, but it wasn't until I moved to West Philly that I actually fell head over heels for a mini market. 

Often, I get admonished by my roomies for going here when we have a membership at the co-op (but try finding a key to the place when it's shared amongst 6 people, ok? Yeah.) but I usually shrug it off. You often do that when you love something. You cease to listen to what your friends are saying about it.

I love that they have a bin of dried fruits at the front counter. I love that on my way home after a long, crappy day at work, I can get off the trolley and stumble in here for a can of fake duck and Diet. Dr. Brown's Creme Soda or a carton of soy milk or a container of organic vanilla yogurt. I love that every person behind the counter is amazingly accommodating and nice. 

The only thing negative I can say about this place is that it closes at 9pm and often, I will feel the excrutiating pangs of hunger that can only be cured by one of their exquisite tofu hoagies at a late hour and will be unable to cure my cravings.
PROS: Convenience, diverse selection
CONS: Pricier than... Hmart or Chinatown

Since I'm too lazy to head to Chinatown most days, if I really need to stock up on some Asian food products, I can count on Fu Wah! They have some pretty interesting selections. The over-hyped tofu hoagie is decent and cheap, but I'm not a huge fan of the soggy marinated tofu.
What can be said about Fu-Wah that hasn't already been said?

The place is filled with the basics and an assortment of unique, often veggie/vegan friendly foods.  The owner/operator is as accomodating as anyone you'll ever meet.

Once, when preparing for a BBQ, I stopped in here for some pickles.  I was dismayed to find that he didn't have any hamburger chips.  All that was in stock was spears.  "No worries," I said, and I walked out the door, dill spears in hand.  A week or so later, I wander back in and notice that there is a whole stack of new pickles, all really fancy peppered sweet chips.  I ask the proprietor again if he has these pickles in a garlic dill variety and he says, "You come back again in 2 weeks."  I trust that he will actually have my pickles.
I've said it in previous reviews of my favorite West Philly establishments and I'll say it again: Thank goodness for this tiny, seemingly hidden and inconspicuous neighborhood shop. Had it not been for a friend's recommendation I would have never experienced the deliciousness that is the tofu hoagie. Fu Wah's tofu hoagie is not for the weak of tastebuds. If you like your food spicy, the tofu hoagie is the way to go. It is made with marinated tofu, sliced carrots, cilantro, and fresh, chopped jalepeno peppers. You have the choice of getting this mix on their fresh hoagie rolls or just by itself. Also, Fu Wah always had a great selection of food for a market of its tiny size. I knew I could always grab random fruits n' veggies, milk, and even organic taco dinner kits while waiting for a member of their friendly staff to toss together my tofu hoag.
Probably the best banh mi I've had in Philly. And only $6. You can't go wrong here. The staff were super friendly as well. Definitely will be returning when i happen to be in West Philly.
$3.80 for a tofu hoagie, bandwagon here I come. I happened to be in the neighborhood, and I made my way in there to buy one. It is a tasty little thing. I can dig it.

I bought myself a bottle of ginger brew and a bag of chips. The total was 6.80 or something, which made me feel pretty good about my lunch. I took it down the way to Clark Park and hung out under a tree and ate up.

Would I come back? Yes. Will I? I hope so. When? Probably never, but at least I did it once and that will linger on my mind for eternity. Believe the hype. Live it.
I just read a review that said " the tofu hoagie made my dick hard."

If I had a dick, I am sure the tofu hoagie would have the same effect on me .

Also- they carry both green tea and red bean ice cream by the pint which is impossible to find as well as a TON on vegan ice creams. I love you Fu-wah!
This used to be my favorite bahn mi place. I was a regular from 2012-2016. But after a string of horrible experience, I haven't been back since. 

First, I got so sick after eating a hoagie here - had food poisoning for 3 days. Obviously, I thought it was a fluke since I didn't have any issues for the past 4 years. I went back as usual, but strike 2 - I found some strands of short, grey animal fur on my meat! Ok, but I've been coming here for years and never had an issue, so it still must be a fluke. So silly me, I still went back a few weeks later, and this time, I saw A RAT running around the aisles. A grey rat with rodent fur the same color and length as the kind I found in my hoagie previously. 

Well, that did it. I no longer frequent this place anymore. It was tasty and easy on the wallet for those 4 years, but due to cleanliness and sanitary issues, I haven't returned since.
Update: In addition to the tofu hoagie, the chargrilled pork hoagie is also tasty. The meat is flavourful and they put a fatty mayonnaise-like spread on the bun. This one definitely seems less healthy than the tofu hoagie.

Beware: Half the time we order the CHARGRILLED pork hoagie, we actually get the ROAST pork hoagie, which is rather dry and flavourless. When I'm not up for the risk (and I'm often not), I just order the tofu hoagie to be safe.
Such a West Philly gem. Not only do they have insanely delicious & legendary banh mi (my favorites are the roasted pork and the tofu variety), but they also have a treasure trove of grocery items (including a wide scope of Asian & Spanish goods.)

The people behind the counter are super friendly and nice. Important to note that they are CASH ONLY, which is a bit of a bummer.

It's the best kind of neighborhood deli - a mix of everything with some delicious sandwiches.
I'm pretty sure there's nothing I could say that hasn't been already and if I keep dealing the five-stars, I'm going to lose all my street cred, but- 
I love Fu Wah so much and I think everyone should know.
Obviously, I love the tofu hoagies.  They're inexpensive, very filling, and taste completely wonderful.  
The staff has always been extremely nice to me- they remember me, make conversation, and know which sandwich is mine when I come in.  (Maybe I shop here too much?)
The store does range from the economical to no-competition-in-this-neighborhood convenience store prices, but I truly do not begrudge them that.  My only real complaint is the space.  It's fairly well-organized, but when there's a crowd, it's awkward to navigate, much less stand in line.   Also, stop closing at 9.  I know the day is long and the neighborhood scary, but I have nowhere else to go, Fu Wah. No. where. else. to. go. 
The selection is wild- Asian specialties, corner store necessities, upscale Hippie nonsense.  They have a concise, but useful, produce section- scallions, cilantro, jalapenos, garlic, ginger, avocados, etc.   For the tree-hugging element, Terra chips, bulk tofu, Newman's Own Cookies, organic popcorn, and so on.  There's a nice selection of staples.  The rices (jasmine, brown, basmati) and the sauces, plus chopped, frozen lemongrass. So... go to Fu Wah.
And don't forget the frozen eel!
Best banh mi sandwiches in the west philly area - all of them are delicious with my favorites being chargrilled pork and pork pate (deli meats). They also have Asian drinks, sauces, and ingredients that you typically would only find in chinatown or other Asian supermarkets. Cash only for this mom and pop shop, enjoy!
This place is magic. 

No, seriously- I describe it as the "Room of Requirement" of West Philly (Harry Potter fans, anyone?).  Do you need Lebanese-style stuffed grape leaves?  Do you need a very delicious roasted pork hoagie for $5?  Do you need vegan bouillon?  Do you need fresh parsley or cilantro or basil for $1?  DONE!!!!

I have only once had them not have the random thing I wanted, and that was shoe polish.  Otherwise, they are amazing. Prices are generally higher than you would pay  in a big grocery store.  They have a nice selection of Asian foods if you can't make it to Chinatown but need fish sauce, random mushrooms or whatever. 

Highly recommended!
Yeah, so just to let y'all know, I've been here THREE times in the past three weeks, which is an absolute

I mean, I don't have much money, so I like to spread it nice and thin across different places for the ExPeRiEnCe.

Fu-Wah keeps me coming back.  The roast pork is damn good, the tofu never disappoints, I figured out which drinks are sold for under 2$, and it's five minutes away from my residence.

There goes my pocket cash.
I've never reviewed Fu-Wah?! I live kind of a hike from here but ah the tofu hoagies are just as good as people are saying! If I lived closer, it'd be an every 3-4 days deal for me!

My happy discovery after visiting Fu-Wah today was their pho noodle selection. For $2, pick up your choice of thin to thick noodles. They also have a good selection of sauces, tortillas, and your general convenience store (chips, sodas) kind of things. The service has always been relatively quick for me, and the store is definitely worth a browse as you wait for your sandwich!
Was looking for a quick bite before church and decided to check out this Tofu hoagie everybody was talking about. It left something to be desired, like taste. I've had most of the banh mi's around Philly and this is no where near authentic(or good for that matter). The bun was not a traditional baguette like it should have been, but soggy roll. The pickled carrot and daikon tasted old and wasn't as fresh and crisp as it should be. The tofu also had a weird marinade on it. Much better options in the Belle Vista area, also much cheaper than the ones here. For 3.50 at any other Banh Mi place, you can get a hoagie thats much bigger and tastier than this. Though, the cashiers were very nice.
a delicious, simple banh mi. It's not as big as ones I get from other places, but it hit's the spot just the same.I sort of wish they had a little variety, but it's still tasty goodness .  Inexpensive, quick, and delicious! and on top of that while you're waiting you can cruise through this tiny ( almost claustrophobic) market and find some really neat stuff to cook with and eat.
I stop by Fu-Wah everytime I'm in Philadelphia for one thing: the tofu hoagie.  I don't know what makes them addictive, but I can't pass one up when I'm in need of a hunger quenching hoagie.
there's something about warm, sunshiney days that makes me wanna get in my car, roll down the windows, turn up the tunes and drive to fu wah for a tofu hoagie to-go. the crusty bread, the marinated tofu, the carrots, daikon, cilantro & jalapeños....they all combine for the perfect sandwich to enjoy on a perfect day. and at $4 a pop, it's a bargain, too.

while waiting for my banh mi to be prepared, i've taken to browsing the aisles of this mini market. as to be expected from a small convenience store, items are a little on the pricier side, with many ethnic, vegetarian & snacky options to be had, along with non-edibles like soaps and such. 

got $4.59 burning a hole in your pocket? grab yourself a box of the oft hard to find kinder chocolate happy hippos. they will make your mouth happy. almost as happy as the veggie banh mi.
Review for Tofu Hoagie Only. 

Before heading to an Art Exhibit with my high school sweetheart in Univ. City area, we weren't sure what to eat, then i remembered i was suppose to try Fu-Wah Tofu Hoagie! I remembered it was a "mini-mart", but we were on a mission for this yelp favorite sandwich, not groceries. 

We ordered two, and the clerk put our order up. We browsed the shop for other things (they have a nice selection of other food *think trader joes* for a small store). We decided on the Spicy Thia Chips (go for another flavor, it wasn't the greatest). Less than 10 minutes later, we were taking huge bites of the sandwich. 

I will consider myself a vietnamese hoagie connoisseur. this hoagie was good, but i believe it needed something "more" to make it a truly great hoagie. A little more vegetables, a little less sauce on the tofu, a more dense bread. Either way, typing about it now, i'm craving one!! It is a great sandwich if you're in the area!!!
This little hole-in-the-wall quickie store is not just your average hole-in-the-wall quickie store! It's something very different than your average convenience shop, and I like it! It's got everything from organic chocolates to clorox, and everything in between.

I actually went here to try the "tofu hoagie" which I'd been hearing about for years. This is a vegan version of the traditional Vietnamese pork hoagie... with pickled carrots and our choice of spiciness. For $4, there's really no way you can beat this!
Its true, its really true.  The tofu hoagie is amazing.  Its one of my favoirite things about west philly. You can get tofu hoagie, wasabi peas and gingerale at Fu-Wah, then walk to clark park or your front porch for a perfect summer supper.  The store is good too, so between Fu-Wah and Mariposa co-op you can go for weeks without setting foot in  the mega grocery stores on walnut. :)
if you are vegetarian, and have not visited fu wah for a tofu hoagie, you have not yet discovered the meaning of life!!  my first time, i got one to go and ate it on my drive home, steering with my knees and alternately munching and swearing like a sailor as i dropped all sorts of ingredients from the overstuffed hoagie onto my lap.  SO worth it.  extra cilantro and hot peppers all the way!

also it should be noted this is a CUTE little grocery store with some really fun and unique finds.  for example: the bright green bag of soy chips near the register.  if you like cheese doodles and edamame, you owe it to yourself to try these things - kinda a combination of both, if i had to describe them?  oh, and all the insta-soups are fun to try too.   love fu wah!
Best bahn mi in the city, hands down (sorry QT). Their grilled pork bahn mi is incredible: a ton of really juicy well seasoned meat with fresh cilantro, carrots, radish, and jalapeno. I had heard great things about their tofu bahn mi as well, and while it isn't bad, I wouldn't get it again unless I decided to go vegetarian. It just wasn't THAT flavorful. 

Fu-Wah also has a lot of yummy drink and snack options (including a lot of Japanese snacks/ice cream!!!!!) AND they sell a lot of random grocery items that you might want for asian cooking (frozen kefir lime leaves, thai curry paste, etc.)

Awesome spot!
The tofu hoagie lived up to all the hype. I would get extra jalapenos in the future (at $0.30 extra) because I like it spicy. I mistakenly tried to order at the register and they chuckled at me and directed me to the giant "order here" sign. Oops, I was a Fu-Wah virgin. I don't go to West Philly often, it's like another damn state, but I think I'll be traveling there more often to get my banh mi fix!
This is definitely the best convenience store in the West Philly/University City area.  The staff is really nice, the prices are good, and you can get just about everything there.  I go here for ham, tofu, soy milk, vegetables, fruit, drain-o, tin foil, soap, Red Bull, spagetti sauce, potato chips, Chinese noodles, hot sauce... seriously, there's a TON of stuff packed into this place.  It's not that big of a store, but they clearly make great use of their space.

Also, be CERTAIN to try their tofu hoagie.  It's FANTASTIC!
The love for the tofu hoagie needs no more introduction.  It is nothing short of amazing.  The Vietnamese chicken is also wonderful for us non-veg types. 

The market itself is also great, chock full of organic and vegetarian options.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.
A great neighborhood store. They've got all you need: toilet and newspaper. Fresh cilantro. Milk. And yes, tofu hoagies. And to boot, the owners are just plain nice people.
Can't see what all the fuss is about.Worst tofu hoagie ever!. Tasteless tofu(although lots of it) on a crappy(Amoroso's?) roll. Starving when I ate it; still did not enjoy. Nice selection of bottled drinks. Stick to QT(Chinatown) or Nhy Y (Bella Vista) for a tasty tofu banh mi
I came to Fu-Wah on a freezing day exclusively for the Tofu Hoagie/Banh Mi, after waiting nearly 5 years for the opportunity to try it.

Meh.

I mean, everything about it was... correct?--the bread was crusty-on-the-outside-soft-on-the-inside, the pickled veggies sharp, and the cilantro plenty, but I guess the tofu / sauces / seasonings were just lacking, or something. It really had very little flavor to me, contrary to many other Tofu Banh Mis I've had over the years. The tofu was a wonderful texture, and all the other ingredients were on point, but my mouth wasn't bursting with flavors and my tastebuds weren't all stimulated (like they usually are with Banh Mis.) I dunno what it was. Maybe my Banh Mi standards are high.
It was a very average Banh Mi, though I guess for the low price, I understand why people hype it up.

The market part of Fu-Wah, however, was a lovely convenience store with lots of Asian groceries.

But man, that Tofu Hoagie/Banh Mi was a letdown. Hopefully I'll get the chance to come back and try it again, to see if maybe it was just an off day.
At this point, I've had hundreds of banh mi across the U.S. (i seek it out wherever I go, looking for the best one possible...still haven't been to vietnam though...), and I'd say the one at fu-wah mini market is pretty delectable. i haven't yet had others in the area, and my boyfriend wanted to kill me because I took him on a hike to west philly in 100 degree weather, all for a sandwich. (I've done crazier for a good banh mi) 

But in the end, he agreed it was worth it!! Pate, pork, pickled carrots and daikon with cilantro...sign me up any day. The combo is genius. I think it's listed on the sign as "vietnamese pork hoagie". 

We also had the tofu hoagie, which to me was good, but sort of washed out the carrot/daikon mix which is essential. It also made the bread a little soggy. 

The market is kind of funny - totally random assortment of stuff instead of the expected vietnamese items. Great neighborhood gem. Good for people watching too...many a character wanders into the fu-wah mini market. I wish there was a place to sit - instead of enjoying our sandwiches instantly, we had to wait an excruciating 30 minutes until we arrived at home. 

banh mi 4 life
We walked past this little grocery store on the way to Lee's Deli and saw a sign for Banh Mi sandwiches. I'd always wanted to try one so why not.. Besides, the two guys scarfing them down helped me out.  I ordered a chicken banh mi which came with dikon, carrots, jalapeño and cilantro. It was ready in two minutes.  Literally. We walked around the store and cashier says it's ready! I paid $5.40 in cash.. Big signs say cash only. I am not a fan of cilantro at all so I asked for it to be excluded.  We ate in the car and after one bite, the first thing I needed was a glass of milk! Jalapeños were cut in huge slices, seeds and all. Sheesh. Way too much heat for my taste so I took them off. I feel that I didn't get the full experience of the banh mi because I took off two of the main ingredients. Think I'll try a banh mi again, perhaps somewhere else.
I LOVE tofu. Plain tofu, spicy tofu, every kind of tofu. Love it! I love Bahn Mi. Hoagies, sure, I like those too. I found the Tofu Hoagie mushy. Mush mush mush. Soggy. Sog sog sog. Really lacking in flavor, and bland. Yuck. Everyone loves this place. Tofu haters love it too? I am so confused. Mush mush mush.
The owner is the best, always friendly and I think he can recognize my voice over the phone when I call in my orders. Like others have said, the tofu hoagie is a great choice (even if you're not vegetarian). I usually get their Vietnamese chicken hoagie, which is always a solid meal for me. In addition to their deli selections, Fuwah is a solid little corner grocer. There's some niche Asian food selections there (such as curries and assorted snacks - shrimp chips anyone?).
Cheap, tasty banh-mi in Cedar park? Sold!

I never knew they actually sold banh mi here, and I was always told the grocery selection was pretty limited given its size. Also, cash only. A lot of those little things conspired to keep me from coming here.

But then, I had that banh mi craving real bad and I was too lazy to consider trekking to South Philly.

But didn't I hear something about Fu Wah at 47th?

In fact I did. I went over there and got the pate and the thit nuong (grilled pork). The first was pretty good - the cha lua was sliced really thin compared to other places so the hoagie actually had more of a western mouthfeel to it, but it was tasty.

But then... whoo-whee... the barbecue pork banh mi. Holy shit. It's that good. I mean, of course it is, I'm pretty sure this is the family that owns the Vietnam Cafe next door and Vietnam Restaurant downtown. I want one right now but I'm stuck at work. So instead, I wrote a review about it. Think about how goddamn good it has to be for any of that to make sense.

As for the rest of the market, they do have a small but solid assortment of noodles, ingredients, and fresh vegetables necessary to make some canon Asian dishes. Definitely worth restocking your pantry with whatever you're low on when you come by. They also have the same in western groceries like cereal and other crap you shouldn't bother with because you can get it literally everywhere.

Just remember - cash only!
Banh Minh: 4.5 out of 5
My partner and I have been here at least 3 times now just for their Vietnamese sandwiches! By God this place consistently delivers. We've had the charcoal pork, classic pork, & roast pork, all of which deliver that nostalgic feeling when I eat it. Price is reasonable for what they deliver. I love the charcoal pork so much I ordered two sandwiches that same day!

Service: 4 Out 5
Meh, not terrible. Cash register guy could be more friendlier.

Overall: 4.5 Out of 5
Would be a perfect 5 but the cash register guy has been borderline rude all 3 times we've been here.
Memories of Fu-Wah are vague to me, mostly because the orgasmic feelings I've gotten here shortly after walking inside.

Fu-Wah's Tofu Hoagies are the best thing I've ever eaten in Philadelphia. Tofu and Hoagie are two words I thought would never meet, but it has a taste that is quite different from either. Tastes more like turmeric and cilantro (obviously) but after a few you stop guessing and just keep eating.

For $3.50 each its a deal you can't beat.
this is totally a west philly gem. I love this place. I hadn't been there in quite some time -- but I recently moved a WHOLE lot closer.

They've renovated since I've last been there! They have an actual grocery scanner now (no ghetto cash register). They carry everything.. for such a small quaint convenience store.

Anything from silk tofu, to firm tofu, to lemon grass, kaffir lime leaves and curry paste. They're lacking on the brown rice I like.. but that's okay. They seriously have a great selection -- but their prices are a littttle bit pricer than other spots -- but I'm all for supporting independent businesses :) 

Oh, and yes the tofu hoagie is great. Do it
Came back for the Vietnamese pork hoagie.  Yea...That shiznit was delicious.  I think the tofu hoagie is better though, with all it's spiciness.
THESE TOFU HOAGIES ARE UNBELIEVABLE.

Beyond getting my munch on with these puppies, I have yet to explore Fu-Wah in more depth, but I'd highly recommend stopping by to pick up lunch if you're looking for something quick and yummy in the neighborhood.
If you thought this was just another corner store with a deli, think again. Two words: Tofu Hoagie. Even if you hate tofu, try this. Their secret family recipe will have you rethinking everything you thought you knew about tofu. And the chargrilled pork is a strong second. And they also have just about everything despite their small footprint. Veggies & fresh herbs. Awesome chocolate. Chips out the wazoo. Canned, boxed, & packaged everything. And all of it is delicious. Plus Dave is the nicest guy ever.
IT'S CASH ONLY so stop bitching when you find out. and it's a TINY spot!!! so be patient when there's a bunch of ppl tryna order. the less than $5 tofu bahn mi is perfect in every way... and it's even better if u get the cheese on it. they also sell a ton of specialty asian foods, as well as fresh produce and plenty vegan options. perfect spot.
Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens....  
fu-wah mini mart and warm woolen mittens...  

Yes, Fu-Wah is definitely one of my favoritethings.  My love for Fu-Wah initially revolved around its tofu hoagies (which recently increased in price, but are still totally worth it).  I don't think i've ever had a vegetarian sandwich that was this tasty.  But Fu-Wah isn't just an amazing sandwich place.  They also stock a quirky selection of groceries that happens to include almost all of my favorite things (chipotle peppers in adobe, ben and jerry's ice cream, vegetarian ramen noodles, boylen black cherry sodas, xochitl chips).  I don't know how they choose their selection, but it corresponds to *everything* I need to survive.   Actually, I get the impression they special order things for people who ask, and them stock that item until it runs out.  But they have a great selection of (fairly expensive) groceries.  And they have amazing tofu hoagies.  I love Fu-Wah.
thanks yelpers for the tofu hoagie tip.  Five stars is not enough to express my joy at living 3 blocks from this place.  $3.50, spicy, delicious, filling.. there is nothing else to say.
Fu-Wah owns the west philly convenience store circuit, and if your a vegetarian, its your only blessing in a 20 block radius.  They got vegan beef and chicken, vegetables, soy milk, a decent freezer section, and a shrine to some Convenience-Store-God built into the wall near the floor for an added what-the-hell-is-that? bonus.  
The owner of this place is a madman, he always very inviting and he'll stand there and chat with you about anything as long as your chillin inside the store, and my man is always in a good mood.
They also carry the New York Times for all the crossword freaks out there and they're marinated tofu hoagie is freakishly delicious. It really should be illegal. Its the stores own marinated tofu, fresh cilantro, chili peppers, and hot sauce. And its only three bucks and change!   
damn...damn...damn.
Nice corner store.  The tofu hoagies USED TO BE AMAZING.  

The last 4 times I've gone it is a roll with a nice bit of tasty topping...
cut backs I guess.

The sandwich used to be a meal.  Now if I convince myself it is a nice little snack I am happy.  Seriously I wish they stopped skimping on the tofu.

The workers are very nice.
This is the greatest place in the whole entire world.  Get a tofu hoagie to go (or my bf loves the Vietnamese Pork).  Perfect for a Saturday walk down Baltimore on the way to/from the Farmers' Market.  Flavorful tofu, fresh cilantro, carrots, hot peppers!  Oh man, I *just* ate one and think I could have 5 more.  

The rest of the store is fun and has a lot of great vegan staples, though they are a bit over priced.  Still, aside from a shopping at a really crunchy health food store or joining the co-op, it's the only place I've found the tempeh I like, tons of vegan ice cream, vegan marshmallows, and quite the selection of unique Asian foods (omg mochi!!!).  

Seriously, if you haven't eaten here, do it, now.  For the children.
Although this place is a bit pricy, it's closer than TJ when i'm up here and it carries veganaise!!! I love their cute selection, and it seems they have more to offer now as well. Also digging the new outdoor seating. 
Way to go Fu Wah, Way to go!
Yeah, their tofu hoagies are epic. I don't know why it took me so long to finally eat one. Four stars, just for that. The other one is because they are nice folks.

To understand the gravity of this, know that my profile and other reviews are essentially omgbaconmeatporkomg. I may have once or twice said "if I was vegan I'd eat this all the time". Well, here's a vegan thing I'd eat all the time anyway.
Fu Wah is possibly the greatest convenience store on this planet!  And I haven't even tried the legendary tofu hoagie.  (Every person I know raves about it, but I'm more of a tuna fish sandwich type!)

You can find just about anything you need in a hurry at Fu Wah, plus find new things you may never have tried before but quickly become addicted to, like wasabi peas, mochi ice cream, and Pocky!  

On  my way back from a stressful day at work, I'll order a Fu Wah sandwich by phone as the trolley exists the tunnel, then pick it right up along with a bottle of root beer and a bag of whatever newfangled chips they've got in stock. Dave (the guy at the register) is always super-friendly and seems to know everyone in the neighborhood.

Fu Wah has me spoiled.  I wish every convenience store could be THIS convenient!
i let a friend talk me into going here for tofu hoagies two days ago; best idea ever. not only was the hoagie pretty good (better than the last few i had), they expanded their vegan grocery options to include MARSHMALLOWS and S'MORES made by sweet & sara, a bunch of ice cream flavors, and more.
I like coming to this place.  It has almost anything you could ask for from a mini mart, and even some things you wouldn't be able to find in a regular supermarket.  And yes it's true--their tofu hoagies are really delicious.  I love the fresh ingredients they use.  If you're into chicken, they offer a vietnamese chicken hoagie that's just as good if not better!  Be careful though, they can be really spicy, but in a good way.  Sometimes it can take a while to make when they are busy but calling in ahead of time works well.  I've tried their other sandwiches too and they never disappoint... plus they are pretty cheap!
The owners are pleasant people who are always courteous and will recognize regulars.  One of the coolest minimarts I've been in!
If you're a Harry Potter fan, then you know what the Room of Requirement is.  To quote Dobby,  "It is a room that a person can only enter when they have real need of it. Sometimes it is there, and sometimes it is not, but when it appears, it is always equipped for the seeker's needs".  Yeah... the Fu Wah is kinda like that.  I live about 3 blocks away and often go there when I'm making something and realize I don't have an essential ingredient.  I often say... "Think the Fu Wah will have......?" Fill in the blank.  And 9 out of 10 times, they do.  I don't know how they do it.

Plus the tofu hoagie is kick-ass... as everyone else has said.

To top it all off... the folks who own it and operate it are really cool... truly feels like an integral part of the neighborhood.

My only complaint is that their milk chocolate selection is sorely lacking.. but this is West Philly... and I hear that milk chocolate is hispter kryptonite.
There are so many mini-markets in West Philly that after a while they just all seem the same. Fu Wah is the exception. They carry the basic staples - sugar, bread, toiletries, etc. But that's not why you'll want to check out this place. The tofu hoagies are to die for. The ethnic foods and produce are awesome - stuffed grape leaves, fresh tofu, soy milk, herbs, random spices and more.
They also carry cheese and lunch meat, but as a vegan, I don't know how those are.  
The staff is super nice and service is great. It's cash-only but there is an ATM there.
Tofu hoagie, check.  Fresh avocados, check.  Ground beef from a local farm, check.  Black plastic trash bags, check.  Pockie, check (more than one flavor too).  Designer chocolate bars, check.  Soba noodles, check.

You get the idea.  From aspirin to henna hair dye, rolling papers to mochi this place has EVERYTHING.  Seriously sometimes I just think up things that I don't think they'll have, walk over and ask and sure enough Dave says "right over there".  

SUPER friendly.  Everyone.  The customers (mainly b/c who wouldn't be cute and nice while waiting in line at a store that has EVERYTHING including the best hoagies in the world?!?) and the workers.
Stumbled in to this place after reading lots of praises about the tofu hoagies.

I would never have come here since there are many other organic, ethnic type places in my neighborhood.  It's not too hard to find either.

As far as what others have said about it being cramped inside etc., I thought it was well laid out.  You had enough space to move around and everything was neatly placed.  I thought it was a good use of space.  Lots of organic, vegetarian stuff, and the basic local corner store type stuff.

I ordered one tofu hoagie to go.  You can get it spicy if you want.  Please do! I think it makes it even more delicious.  The smell was terrific....got home and went to town!  I was suprised it was so good.  What can't youdo with tofu huh? But a hoagie?  Yeah it worked for me.  However I had to drizzle on some more hot sauce since I like my stuff SPICY!!  The tofu was well done and greatly seasoned, topped with shredded carrots, cabbage (I think it was cabbage), cilantro, and peppers.    All of this on the cheap.

I'm totally up for stopping by again.  I even found some cool mango and guava yogurt, which wasnt bad at all.
Vietnamese Chicken Hoagie with Cucumbers and Cilantro=delicious.  

Good prices, fresh food.  Also try seaweed crackers and chocolate pocky sticks.
Everyone always talks about the tofu bahn mis and I have to say that I once was similarly in love with the famous tofugies.  But recently my neighbor suggested I try the chicken bahn mi and it was FANTASTIC.  The chicken is shredded and in a flavorful sauce and it's probably one of my favorite sandwiches of all time.  Perfect spice and sweetness, with crunch and I love how the chicken is shredded.  Honestly, give this a try, you will not be disappointed!!  I am officially a convert.
Yes, the tofu hoagie is as good as everyone says it is. 

I found Fu-Wah on Yelp, oddly enough while looking for a vegetarian Reuben (is there such a thing in Philly?). I was intrigued by the tofu hoagie, and I'm so glad I finally made it down. 

When you walk in, the deli board is to your left and you can place your order while you shop for sides or other necessities. Their refrigerated section was impressive, filled with tofu, mockmeats, and even Sweet and Sara vegan marshmallows.

The tofu hoagie comes with daikon, carrots, cilantro, jalapenos, and hot sauce - and it was delicious. The tofu was cubed, served warm and fried, but not oily, and the topping were cool and added some serious flavor. The bread was soft, without being Bunny Bread soft, and the whole sandwich wasn't too messy (important for those who don't live close enough to take it home and must eat in the car or on a park bench).
After much hubbub about the tofu hoagies, I finally had one.  It was good but perhaps, a little too spicy for me.  I love the store though, and their crazy selection of goods.
Praising the tofu hoagie almost seems redundant at this point, but I'll go on record and say that despite not being a vegetarian, I could live on this sandwich. It single-handedly made me rethink what could be done with tofu. 

But the fu wah is more than the place of the tofu hoagie. It is a great little market with friendly owners. Their beverage selection is vast and unique. I often wash down my hoagie with a Kombucha or soft drink made with cane sugar. 

My only complaint - even though it wasn't their fault - was recently remedied. Since I don't live in the area, I would never have a place to sit and enjoy my tofu hoagie. A month ago, however, a little public seating area was installed just outside. No more sitting in my car!
The char grilled pork banh mi was absolutely DELICIOUS. Though I would've liked a slightly larger portion (the banh mi was very affordable however), the meat was packed with all the right flavors and left me wanting more. I am excited to come here again sometime soon.
After reading so many good things about the tofu hoagie, I came here looking for the hype.  I didn't need any groceries, but I wandered the store while waiting on the hoagies.  It's as everyone says, clean and nicely stocked.  

I prematurely ordered two hoagies, assuming my friend would want one.  He declined it due to the fact that he's had one from somewhere else already that day.  I took both home, thinking I'll save it for lunch.  I'm one of those people that doesn't think a meal is a meal unless there is some form of dead animal on it.  In this case, I made it a meal by eating both hoagies, back to back.  It was that good.  

If all vegetarian food was like this, I'd still eat meat, but more vegetarian dishes too.
Yes, the tofu hoagies are great.  They don't skimp on the cilantro, and sriracha sauce on ANYTHING usually makes me a fan, but...the rest of the sandwich components were tasty, too.  Good rolls!  The only reason I'm knocking it down one star is because it's a pain for me to get there from Powelton Village.  All your fault, Fu Wah.
It was New Years Day & while most places were closed, Fu-Wah was open!

My first experience was the Vietnamese pork sandwich, which is delicious cold cuts (think light salami), pork pate (tasted like liverwurst) marinated julienne carrots & cucumbers, fresh cilantro & fresh jalapeño peppers (yowza!) on a toasted roll.  Not your usual sandwich... A taste sensation!

They don't have everything here, but they do have lots of unusual stuff.  So, maybe you'll try something new & have a new favorite.  Plus, the cashier was very friendly.
I live 2 blocks from this place. I AM LITERALLY IN LOVE. I usually get the Rose Lemonade and chargrilled pork banh mi. there's cilantro, jalapeños, cucumber, carrots, some very tasty mayo and of course the pork. All of the elements add a nice touch to the hoagie. They are priced at $5.40 and also offer roasted pork, shredded chicken and tofu. The owner is very nice and honest, I don't mind spending my money here for good food.
I was craving a good vegetarian sandwich and after some serious googling, I stumbled upon this place. I kept seeing people sing praises about the Tofu Banh-mi hoagie sandwich. So I decided to check it out. It is a very unassuming little deli. And they're cash only. So, bring cash if you don't want to pay $1.50 to use the ATM in the store. 

I went in and placed my order of the Banh mi tofu hoagie at the counter and the guy didn't take my money then, so I wandered around the little market and waited for the sandwich crafter to make me mine. Ten minutes later, my sandwich was all wrapped and ready to go. So I paid for it and was on my way. When I got home and tried it. It blew my mind. The tofu was so flavorful and all the ingredients worked so well together and was a party in my mouth.

I gobbled up my whole sandwich and was sad that it was over. All this deliciousness for $5. That is a win in my book. I will definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a delicious hearty inexpensive meal. Thoroughly enjoyed my experience.
If you have never experienced the infinite joy of the tofu hoagie, you may well be scrunching your face in a gigantic WTF, but rest assured that the infamous hoagie has cult-like status for a very, very good reason. That being said, if you cannot bear even the thought of tofu, Fu Wah now offers a chicken variety that is equally delicious. Just keep in mind: if you aren't a fan of spicy foods, make sure to order your hoagie "no hot."

Of course, Fu Wah is more than just hoagies. You'll also find well-priced groceries, including fake meat, tofu, soda in glass bottles, ice cream, and Chef Boyardee. The variety is pretty impressive for such a small convenience store, and I have yet to leave disappointed.
I've heard about Fuh Wah for years, but didn't know exactly what it was. But since people so casually mentioned it, I pretended to understand. 

On New Year's Eve, my boyfriend and I had dinner at Vietnam Cafe and he pulled me into this convenience store. I didn't know the name of the place, but was pleased it was open late on a holiday night. The place looked like any convenience store, but as we browsed, my mouth dropped at the unusual offerings. Vegan delights. Vietnamese hoagies and a huge selection of Ben & Jerry's. I felt like I was in the most magical place.

After my boyfriend and I got our goodies, we stepped outside. I looked at the sign and saw it was Fuh Wah. So I guess that's a pretty good review. I loved the place even without knowing that I was supposed to love it.

Definitely has became my favorite West Philly after only one visit.
two words- TOFU HOAGIES. so good, so cheap, so filling.
Well, shit, son.

I was just planning on treating a friend to the legendary tofu bahn mi, but we got sidetracked before putting in our order.  We wandered over to the kooky drinks, the intense row of grains, the spices I don't recognize, the 1.70$ spices I did recognize (!!!!) and finally, armed with a Mexican coke and fancy ginger ale and avocado oil chips, we ordered

the tofu hoagies.

HOLY HELL, DELICIOUS.

Kind of had to pluck off the jalapenos as my mouth couldn't handle them, but they are DELICIOUS.  There is a lot of tofu stuffed into that delicious roll, along with pickled carrots and "white stuff."  It's slathered in a flavorful, spicy sauce.  I have to say, I'm excited to try the pork variant.  At 4.50$ for the veggie option and 5.50$ for the flesh of animals ... GOOD DEAL.

I would shop for certain things here and not others (some items were waaay marked up, others -- like quinoa -- was very reasonable), but this place is a treasure.
A West Philly institution.  Well stocked, if you need an ingredient for dinner, they usually have it.  The tofu Bang Mi is The Bomb.com!  There's only one thing wrong with this place.  They stand behind the counter and make snarky comments about their customers.  Specifically, their African American ones.  How they're dressed, their weight,  hair.  I've heard them do it.  Also, a friend who is friends with them said they think AA's are "below. " them.  Perhaps their success has gone to their head.  They've forgotten just whose "Hood" this is.
Close and convenient! They have everything you need, and a lot of stuff you don't expect. I especially like the little produce section which has lemons, limes, tomatoes etc, along with bagged herbs. The only thing i dislike is that they're cash-only.
I love this place! They have delicious tofu hoagies at a reasonable price. They also started carrying coconut-ice cream for us vegans. 

The guy who works the counter is always in a great mood with a cheerful hello every time you come in.  My only complaint are the prices, which are way higher than even Whole Foods, but considering I only have to walk a couple of blocks to get there, I would guess I'm paying for the convenience! (I mean it IS a convenience store).
The Banh Mi Tofu Hoagie here is it. The greatest sandwich in Philly. One of the finest Banh Mi around. Yes the QT Banh Mi is pretty good, but this one is just about perfect.
That tofu sammy is the ril' dil'. This place is not your average corner store, although it really looks like one on the outside. For the sake of not repeating what others said before me I will say this -- they have a top notch chocolate selection and healthy snacks.
Owned by the nicest Vietnamese family in the Philly restaurant scene. So even if the market and the food was mediocre I would want to support them. Luckily though, it is NOT mediocre. 

The market part has an unique mix of food, some fresh fruits and vegetables, tofu that comes floating in a bucket for 40 cents a brick (I used to think it was gross-looking, but was pleasantly surprised when I tried it). It has some asian grocery staples like mochi, buckwheat noodles, curry paste, and traditional corner store fare, like ramen noodles, mac and cheese, cereal, etc. They definitely know their west philly market . . . . lots of vegetarian and convenient health foods. But as you have probably heard/read about, the shining star of this market is the Tofu hoagie. The owner actually said to me once that they could survive by selling this one product alone. The tofu is perfectly marinated in some type of cilantro and chili and put between a hoagie roll with cilantro, hot sauce, jalapenos and carrots. My family members who don't even like tofu crave these hoagies when they visit me.
Maybe be I'm just a straight up meat eater... I had some time to kill around noon today, so I figured that I'd head to this place after work to see what has everyone so excited about the tofu hoagie.... I eat a lot of Vietnamese food each month. It's something that I just tried about two years ago and love it. But have never gone with the tofu hoagie...It was pretty good and tasty.. It's something that I'd have again.. The store itself is a store that I wish that I had in my neighborhood.. They had a variety of drinks and snacks that you just don't find at your local convenience store.. The service made a good first impression... It's a nice change from the convenience store norm these days, which has no  problem having the register counter full of blunts and wrappers, legal pipes, condoms, and "energy" (stamina) pills... All of the shit that most people don't want to have in reach of their kids, when there should be candy and gum there for them to reach for.... Hell, even Wawa has stooped to selling blunts....
Good job Fu-Wah... If I didn't live across the bridge, I'd be a customer of yours daily...
I've lived near my fair share of corner stores.  This is by far the best.  What is the secret sauce?  It's the combination of 1) really awesome friendly service and 2) inventory that I actually am interested in buying.  Looking for more than tang and milky ways in a corner store? So am I!  That's why I go to fu-wah.  

Try the tofu hoagie with everything on it.  The heat may give you some intestinal distress but it's worth it.  Perhaps you can compliment your hoagie with a nice Yeo soy drink to take that burn off your tongue.  

I've run into some mean corner store owners.  So mean they'll suck the scales off a rattle snake.  Not the fu-wah folks.  They're more likely to give you a friendly pat on the back instead.  Go! Shop! Eat!
Tofu. Hoagie. Tofu hoagie tofu hoagie. Malkovich malkovich.

I'm not a vegan, but I still like to go here and pretend that I am. The staff is friendly and quick with your order (usually of tofu hoagies). In the meantime I like to browse the drinks and world foods. In honesty, I usually just get Pirate Booty and Wasabi Peas. But Fu-Wah is preferable to most convenience locations, particularly those in West Philly.
This is a hole-in-the-wall convenience store with a surprising selection of gourmet items, surprisingly reasonable prices, and Vietnamese hoagies to boot!

The Vietnamese hoagies are good, and like any other good Vietnamese hoagie shop: fresh, light, and inexpensive.  They're more appropriate as a snack or a very light lunch, than a full meal, but they really hit the spot when I'm craving one, lots of fresh veggies and full of flavor.

The produce here is good quality, and, compared to some neighborhood sources *cough* Mariposa *cough*, quite low-priced.  It's even cheaper than a lot of the stuff at Fro-gro on 40th street.  If I lived around the corner from this place (it was a good 6 or so blocks out of my way when I lived in West Philly) I would have probably been in here all the time, but I still stopped in pretty often.

Some of the other highlights include imported chocolates, and unusual sodas, like artisan ones made out of weird bitter roots and things.  I love that sort of stuff.
Yes, it is true. The tofu bahn mi hoagie is absolutely delicious.
Neighborhood staple! Where else can you get a cheesecloth and cilantro? And, hoagies, and cleaning supplies, and tofu?!
OMG.  How could I have lived here so long and not stopped into this adorable neighborhood market?  This store is immaculate and includes many tasty staples, specialty sodas, and household products.  I'd heard rave reviews of the Vietnamese hoagie and had to try one before I set sail for the West.  No exaggeration, this is one of the freshest, tastiest, and spiciest sandwiches I've ever had!  My fiancee and I devoured it right on the sidewalk!  What a hidden gem!
Tofu hoagie. Amazing. I have no idea what else they serve, or why you'd order something else. Definitely call in your order during peak hours, they make dozens of these during lunch time.
I will fight you if you don't like this tofu bahn-mi.

*legal disclaimer - no I won't fight you, you're allowed to like whatever you want, but perhaps you should try someone else's tofu hoagie and compare.  It really is quite inexpensive, fresh, and tasty.

**Also note the market is a fantastic market, for fantastic market type things as well as many vegan options.

*** I really had nothing to say here, I just like the asterisk.

****If they taught martial arts here, would it be the Kung Fu-Wah?

***** If they did indeed teach martial arts here, they would fight you if you didn't like their tofu bahn-mi.
The guy that's always working (one of the owners?) is so nice - gives me a genuine smile every time.  Tofu hoagie is wonderful and cheap - I get it not hot.  Delis can be overpriced but it's not too bad here, and most of the asian food products are quite cheap - I run in all the time for $2 local tofu and pacakages of soba noodles to cook up a fast meal.
