I was in the mood for some seafood and needed something that was close by to where I needed to be at a certain time. I had actually been to the "Burger Bar" side of this joint a few times, really enjoying it. I figured that Gallo's couldn't be that bad, right? The Yelp reviews all seemed about average, so in I want. 

The place is pretty big, so odds are, you'll get seated right away. I walked in a little after 6 on a Saturday, not having to wait for a table at all. Yes, the place is filled with old people, but they don't bother me!

There's a huge bowl of oyster crackers and horseradish sitting on the table. Those aren't anything to special to me, and I really try to avoid eating stuff that is probably recycled at least one time throughout the evening. 

My first thought about the menu was the prices. I'm willing to pay good money for great food, so I really was expecting the best. Nothing comes with soup or salad, so I was thinking that things were going to be something to really write home about. I opted for the stuffed flounder served over spinach with a side of broccoli. My opposition ordered fried shrimp with a side of potatoes and asparagus (which costs extra). We were given one piece of bread to split by the waitress. 

Food came out super quick. Unfortunately, for almost 21 dollars for my plate alone, it was just not good. My vegetables were cold. My spinach tasted funky. The fish actually wasn't too bad, but it didn't have much flavor. It really was a failure moment. The portion was small and it sucked. The fried shrimp was fried shrimp. I really don't feel like you could screw that up in any way. The asparagus was cold and soggy. The meal wasn't worth what we paid at all. 

The service was okay. The waitress didn't seem very happy until it came time to drop us the check in which she snuck in some happiness. She was pretty short worded up until that point. That was the least of my problems though. 

I'm good on this place. I'll return to Burger Bar one day, but this place....not worth it at all.
It is always a bad sign when you enter a restaurant and all of the few seats that are filled are full of elderly couples/groups. This usually means two things: 1) the portions are large 2) the food is bland.

Sadly for this place both are more than true. What adds insult to injury is the price points. I could go downtown to a very nice restaurant and get a wonderful meal for what I paid here for bland predictable food. 

Now if you know me you know I do not eat anything that breathed water at some point. So I am sure you are thinking "well maybe she just didn't order the right things..." Well to that my answer is my two dinning companions are not so inclined and they ordered seafood and were giving the same comments of blandness. The clam chowder was proclaimed to be worse than from a can and summarily loads of salt & pepper were added to make it edible. 

Maybe you will like this place if you are an AARP member and/or a 30+ year smoker. For everyone else this place should be avoided. Unless you like throwing money away.
My family has been dining at Gallo's for years and  unfortunately today will be the last time. We ordered dinner to go, as we have thru out the pandemic and we were all very disappointed with the very poor quality of our meals. My soy glazed salmon was subpar, bad cut of fish, overcooked and served with a handful of uncooked baby carrots & a spoonful of mashed potatoes for $19. Ever since new management has taken over, the quality that I have always expected from Gallos is no longer there. Sorry to have to post this but am just beyond disappointed.
Gallo's Seafood has clearly been renovated recently and the space, with its brick walls, warm chestnut accents, and large wall mounted framed posters, is quite beautiful. I don't doubt a good hunk of dough was needed for such a spruce up and i commend the effort. However,with that said, I must also say that this o so pretty space is squandered - by a Chef and/or business owner whose fear of flavor is a bit incomprehensible to me. Ever hear of salt, garlic, or maybe a bay leaf?

As near as I can figure, there is someone here  who fears the loss of the senior clientele this place seems to have built up and presumes that if a patron is over 60 that means their palate has withered and died. Which is just a shame, since the large portions offered here seem to be a waste of good ingredients rather then bang for your buck. After all, volume can't revive a dead flavor profile.

For the $33, including tip, spent per person I simply expected more.
What more could anyone want?
Fair prices with consistantly good service, that's my experience.
I go to Gallo's frequently.  Taking guests there all the time.  They will ask, "Can we go to Gallo's again?"  
As for the age of other customers, I could care less.  I'd rather see someone older who is quiet and polite than a crowd of rude, young thugs with their 5 screaming kids.
I go there to enjoy seafood and have a good conversation with friends, not to pick anyone up so the age factor just isn't relevant.
If you happen to be in Northeast Philadelphia, only 20 minutes from downtown Philadelphia, you need to get to Gallo's.

It is hard to find good, reasonably priced seafood anywhere and when you do, KEEP GOING THERE! I have been eating at Gallo's for long time and continually return because of the food. 

The atmosphere and the food are excellent and keep getting better. Even at their busiest, there is never more than a 20 minute wait. They have a huge bar and a "separate" building called "The Burger Bar" for less expensive fare, and, as you can expect, burgers.

While most of Gallo's menu is FRESH seafood, they do offer kid's meals, the typical chicken fingers, pasta, and non-seafood; something for everyone. ENJOY!
Gallo's was a family favorite when I was a kid, so when my mom suggested it for an early dinner last week, I was excited to show my boyfriend the place I love so much as a little girl.  Unfortunately, time makes fools of us all.

To begin with the service was horrendously slow and, frankly, inept.  My boyfriend is allergic to gluten and asked if a particular dish had any wheat in it.  The response was a simple "I dunno", which was left dangling in the air.  We eventually prodded the server to go ask the kitchen staff, and she did.  When the food, two crab cake platters and a tuna dish came out, the tuna was over cooked, despite having been ordered rare and the crabcakes were soggy and limp.  There was a $3 upcharge for asparagus as a side, which would have been nice to know in advance, and we never were asked how our food was or offered refills on our drinks.  

At $73 for 3 meals with no alcohol, the service should have been flawless.  

Skip Gallo's and hit up Benny The Bums instead.
I went there recently and a table of more than 6 guests raised a stink about a gratuity being added to their bill. These customers were rude and said the waiter gave them bad service. That was not true at all. The waiter, a tall young man, went above and beyond to satisfy the customers. The menu clearly states the right to add a gratuity to any party over 6 persons. The so-called manager, a woman, caved into their demands to remove the gratuity and they proceeded to stiff the waiter. If I wanted to go to Red Lobster I would have. As a former manager of a restaurant for over 17 years I will never go back to Gallo's. The management does not stand up for their employees. The customer is always right is not always true and in this case it was flat out wrong. The manager had no guts. I suppose they would rather have customers like that instead of long time customers that don't complain because there are few thing to complain about except an inept management team that is clueless as to what it takes to balance a customers complaint and what is true. The customers in question are the reason the gratuity is on the menu to begin with.You know who you are always looking for a reason to run a server and then complain to try to get free stuff and then stiff  the server.  Next time I want seafood I'll go to Kelly's . Shame on you Gallo's.
I've been a customer for some 30 yrs, my family from the Frankford Ave days.
Today, was my last visit.  Finally I got the message management simply don't care.
My salad, at an extra cost of $2.00 was tired and sad.
I ordered breaded and fried flounder.  I asked to be served the freshest that had come in on that days delivery.  It was also getting beyond it's sell by date and very dry.  Nothing luscious from the sea for me.
In addition, I ordered a side of macc n' cheese.  Grim.  Pasta was under cooked, not Al dente.  Drowned in garlic powder too.  V poor for an additional $7.00.  fries were frozen.  Just went from bad to worse.
Used to frequent this place several times per week over the past twenty years and continued despite noticing changes that were made with the restaurant's new ownership starting with an increase of prices. Within a couple of months of acquiring the restaurant, the new owner reprinted menus and jacked up the prices by $2. This isn't the issue, but it should be noted. Now the issue is they are cutting portions and denying it on top of that. I can't stand a liar. From the stuffed mushrooms to the salmon. The portions are becoming smaller and smaller. If you're going to raise the prices, you should at least maintain integrity and keep the food as is. So now we're talking quality. I was looking forward to going back after the city's month-long restrictions were lifted, due to the pandemic. I went four times in the past two weeks and it just wasn't the same. The piece of salmon in this photo is no more than 3-4 oz. at the market & will run you about $3.99, however this entree is $20 ($2 up charge for asparagus). This is a dish I've been ordering here LONG before this guy bought this business. So when we pointed it out the first time, this new owner said "oh yeah they gave you the wrong piece. That piece is for the combos." The second time this occurred, he instructed us "don't get the salmon anymore since it's not working out for you." I showed him two separate pictures WITH timestamps when he nonchalantly claimed this dried out slither of salmon was "from the last time." This is piss poor customer service when in reality you should be THANKFUL you have loyal customers consistently spending their hard earned money during a pandemic. I'm a nurse working on the frontlines and everything is about principle to me and the new owner just doesn't have a spirit of gratitude. His attitude shows he could care less. It's so many businesses that have not been able to survive this pandemic and this is how he treats customers. After a good amount of back and forth, he must've had an epiphany and thought to himself ok let me offer them something. On any given night, I can pay $70-100+ here. So clearly I'm not jumping for joy over free dessert as I have no issue with paying for anything that I want. Many staffers here work EXTREMELY hard and clearly they love what they do, so it's unfortunate, but I have no plans on returning, if this is the tone the new owner is setting. Lost one and if he keeps this up, he will lose many.
I was craving seafood for my birthday so I decided to try Gallo's for a family birthday dinner. It turned out to be a good choice. Dinner started out with an order of mussels and coconut shrimp for appetizers. The mussels were served in a white wine sauce and were delicious. It was my mom's first time trying mussels and now she is a fan. We added a cup of their red sauce on the side to sample that with the mussels as well. Trust we when I say to order them with the white sauce. The shrimp were large and perfectly fried. That plate was quickly emptied. I stuck with the shrimp theme, ordering the shrimp sampler as my entree, with fries and Cole slaw. The shrimp was served three ways - fried, stuffed with crab meat, and a shrimp scampi. The fried shrimp were much smaller and disappointing compared to the appetizer shrimp. But the shrimp scampi and stuffed shrimp were larger and so tasty that my plan to take some home went right out the window. For dessert I ordered a brownie Sunday that the wait staff brought out with a candle and said a quick happy birthday.  The brownie did satisfy my sweet tooth, ending the meal on a good note. I must add that the staff was excellent. My nephew accidentally knocked over an appetizer plate and the staff jumped right on It to clean up the broken pieces.

With minor improvements, like serving their bread & butter warm and using the appetizer sized fried shrimp in the entree, Gallo's could approach five star status.
This is my go to place for seafood in the Northeast Philly area. Fish is always fresh and the service is pretty good. 
As strange as this sounds, the best thing on the menu here is their blackened chicken penne. It is AMAZING. The dish consists of penne pasta, chicken breast, asparagus and sun-dried tomatoes all tossed together in a larger than life bowl. Be prepared to take some home. The prices are decent and they have a full bar with moderately priced drinks. 

Upon reading the other review for this place, i agree that some things can be bland-but nothing a little salt can't fix.
My late grandmothers favorite restaurant, so I had to try it.

During my whirlwind trip to Philly, this was a nice break in the action. The food was very good and the family environment was nice. Next time I am in town I will be sure to visit Gallo's again.

Thanks Granny...
2/19/2016 i have finally woke the hell up. I will never come to this restaurant again. Starting from the hostess to the server. Not to mention the SUB PAR food they serve. Two people paying 72.00 for food you might find at a rung down diner.  THIS ESTABLISHMENT BETTER WAKE THE HELL UP.
Went to Gallows on a Sunday. Not much of a crowd. Had heard about this restaurant and knew it was in existence for a long time.
Upon entering I was taken back by the dated decor.
Hostesses and wait staff were dressed in Eagles gear and were very casual when seating us. Nothing upscale here, but the price. The bread was cold and the packets of butter were like what you get at a diner. Wine was $8.00 for a small glass. Dinner prices were steep for the area. 
The food took a while to come out. Finally, when it arrived, I'd have to say it was just average. My husband got seafood. He thought it was nothing special. My dish was fine, nothing to rave about. I've had spaghetti and muscles at many restaurants and although it was fine, it was not "to die for." I guess we were hoping for a more elegant feel and a taste to wow us. Gallos was not the place.  You will like the food just fine, but it's expensive for just average and  in NE Philly.
It's just average tasting food with no  ambiance.
My Dad was in the mood for a crabcake sandwich and all of our regular spots were closed. Sooo I looked online to see if there were any restaurants with crab cakes and this restaurant popped up. I 've heard some positive things, so I thought it would be a good idea... Not!! Anywayz, I got 2 crabcake sandwiches and a seafood platter and some clams. The clams were the only edible dish. Everything else was bad. They gave me some day old french fries and then tried to tell me that they got cold because I didnt pick up the food right away- yeah whatever! They were cold little rocks masquerading as french fries. I couldnt believe that they would try to argue with the customer about some day old french fries- I was shocked:( That was the first straw and then when I got the food home, the crab cake sandwich wasnt good and the expensive seafood platter taste like something from the frozen isle in the supermarket. Definitely not worth the money or a repeat visit. Thumbs down! I guess this spot is only good for the locals- never again.
Decided to have an early dinner with my Sister, arrived at 3:30 and we were taken to a booth right near the burger bar entrance, my Sister is on a cane and has a hard time walking, but we got to our booth and were seated behind a couple and it seems that all the waiters and waitresses knew so we had to wait about 20 minutes to get drinks as our waiter was talking to people in next both about school and going to the shore. Finally ordered our dinner lump crab cakes and shrimp stuffed with crab. I decided to take shrimp home to cook better our bill was $71.00 as we were getting ready to pay waited another 15 minutes as 3 employees were talking to counter behind us.  Rude staff unless of course you live by them.
Authentic Fifties style seafood house with a certain degree of variability. Service is overwhelmed and under informed , but that's authentic too, isn't it. If you are looking for great oysters and generous portions of seafood , this is the place. Prices are reasonable. If you want cutting edge cuisine, go dpwntown and pay twice as much.
FOODIES BEWARE!

One of THE worst restaurants I've ever been too. The restaurant itself is pretty big, but size isn't always what matters. I sat down and to my surprise my server looked very kind, from afar and then she came up to greet me. She was totally not friendly, in a hurry to rush me out and had a bit of a "I hate my job" attitude.

The food is SOOOO not worth the money I paid for, my seafood was extremely bland, my vegetables were soggy and my soda was flat. Yet, my check was over 40$. I'm a picky tipper and tip only when the service deserves it, so I tipped 1 dollar since that it was she deserved.

I will NEVER go back again and if you are thinking of trying this restaurant, read this and please reconsider.
If your under 60 you do not below here. The ratio of retirees to non-retirees, is somewhere around 9:1. It is almost humorous watching the people in walkers and wheelchairs move around like little worker ants. If I didn't know any better I would have thought I were in a retirement home cafeteria. I think part of the reason for this is that as you age you lose taste buds- this crowd must not have many left at all.
We have been there twice in the last year, once was for a private function. I think it went well, service was good, and the food was above their normal standard.
As for the second trip, we were one of the 2 non-gray tables. The other was a very large, very loud family. The food took nearly an hour to come to our table, my husband ordered the bass which was somewhat dry. I ordered some kind of unidentifiable pasta that came out rather salty and mushy. The soup was actually good; however, our bread was stale.
Gallos will not be getting business from me again, unless I need to have a private party, the steak, open bar, and cheesecake were great! 
I wish I could recommend a better place, but I am at a loss.
In the past I've had good crabcakes at Gallo's but last night I ordered steak.  It was barely edible.  It was supposed to be sirloin, it looked like a filet mignon on steroids and tasted like liver.  The garlic mashed potatoes were good as long as I ate around the raw lumps and the asparagus was almost raw.  My friend ordered mashed potatoes and stewed tomatoes to put on his mashed.  They sent out roasted (almost raw) potatoes and were out of stewed tomatoes.  How do you run out of industrial sized cans of stewed tomatoes? Our waitress was lovely and replaced his potatoes and gave him marinara sauce in lieu of stewed tomatoes but it was still a very disappointing meal for the money they charge.  If I ever go again I'll make sure to get a crabcake sandwich and hope they remember the remoulade sauce which they often forget goes on that sandwich.
Excellent sea food! As long as this place stays around I will never go to Red Lobster again for a fried seafood combo! The Fried sea food combo was wonderful. I also order the garlic mashed potatoes & fried egg plant which both left me impressed... My only complaint for this place would be that there was no one to greet us @ the door & we had 2 find our hostess.
Customer Service was terrible! My family and I were treated terrible at this restaurant. We had a misunderstanding with how we could use our gift cards. At the beginning of our dinner, my mother asked the waitress about the card and she dismissed It off and said she never seen It before. She didn't bother to ask any further questions. When It was time to pay for the bill and we were confused about why we could not use the gift cards. The waitress began to yell at us, talk down to us, and she even started to hit the back of our chairs. We asked to speak to the manager, a woman named Kelly came over to talk to us. Kelly called the owner to see if the gift card could be overridden because of the confusion. The owner came to our table and instead of showing us any type of empathy, he did not try to understand anything I said. He yelled at us as well and talked down to us like we nothing. I have never felt more degraded in my life. I'm not sure if we were treated like this because we were three black women or if they thought we wanted a free meal, I have never been disrespected like that a restaurant. I am Biologist with a masters degree currently working on my Doctorate degree, I'm not in restaurants looking for free meals. But we had a gift card that we choose to use there and no one was willing to understand our problem or confusion. It was appalling. I will never go to this restaurant again.
Wow I use to love this place the quality of the food has went down hill. I just spent 36.00 bucks for awful food . Its sad I've been eating here over 30 yrs . NEVER AGAIN
Kim was my waitress today and she was just fantastic. I am in town for business and a customer highly recommended Gallos. I came around 3pm as I hadn't eaten since breakfast and though it was an odd time to eat there were still some customers around. I loved the early big like special. It was reasonably priced and I got a great amount of food for the price. Kim was very helpful and packing my left overs up and made sure I had everything I needed to eat the rest at my hotel later. 
I had their Long Island Blue Point Oysters which tasted really fresh.
The Manhattan Clam Chowder was really flavorful. 
I also got the Broiled Tilapia...it was fantastic and probably the best prepared Tilapia I've had. It came with 2 sides: I selected steamed broccoli and garlic mashed potatoes. Both were well made and delicious! 

The Apple Cobbler with Ice cream was just DELICIOUS! A really nice treat to a great meal. The 5 stars really goes to the above and beyond service from Kim. THANKS!!
4pm reservation.. 45 minutes later they gave our table to someone else. Then they sit a 5pm reservation the moment they walk in because they know the manager. Staff with no masks. Kitchen have no masks. Bus boys no masks. Just a joke
I'm really bummed out this place used to be so much better. They cut corners left and right. Smaller portions, different oyster crackers ( they used to be the big good ones) now they are the crappy tiny kind they sell in the dollar store. The soup used to have so much more seafood in it. The crab cake went down hill. The prices all went up which I wouldn't have minded if the quality was the same.
The prices do not match the quality and taste of the food. They burnt my sons chicken fingers, had to send them back. My $19 honey glazed salmon dish was dry and bland. The $25 pescatore dish had no taste at all. I had to add salt, pepper, and lemon juice myself for it to taste like anything. The fried calamari and fried shrimp were good and our server was nice. Would not recommend,  would not return.
Just awful  Over priced & cliche. Good fried eggplant, which ended up being my meal.  Ordered broiled sea scallops, at almost $18 for a platter.  Uninspired plating.  But what really was unbelievable is that they cut up all the large scallops into smaller pieces.  I suppose they thought that I was a dope and couldn't figure out that this was done to make it appear that I was getting more than I actually got.  One ugly piece of lemon with my broiled sea scallops.  No salad/soup with the platter, just two side veggies. Terrible meal.
The food was delicious, as always. The waitress was LOUSY. When I was leaving, I asked her if it was her first day in order to give her the benefit of the doubt. She said it was not her first day. I can't imagine what that day was like! WOW!
Crab stuffed shrimp... Bangin

This is a good place to come to in northeast philadelphia for some good seafood or a good filet .The restaurant is very clean and waiters are very nice people.They have a pretty nice bar where you can get just about anything you would want. It is always filled with lots of old people who seem to complain about everything so your better off going later in the evening.
Growing up not to far from here - I learned that you didn't go to Galllo's unless you were over 65 and ate a lot of seafood. Since both my husband and I are none of those things - we had never been. However, since my recent addiction to the attatched Burger Bar (see previous post) - and having my grandparents not eating meat for Lent - I decided to try it, since now both of the Gallo's requirements have been met by most of my party. We got there at 1:30 PM on a Sunday - and the place was packed. No wait, but you could tell they were busy. I tried to order off of the Burger Bar menu and was shot down (didn't hurt to try), however, they did season my Onion Rings to match the Burger Bar and they did get me some cupcakes at the end. I ordered the Blackened Chicken Penne with spinach, which was enough to probably feed 3 people (lunch portion no less) - and it was good. Nothing super special out of this world, but good, fresh and a solid meal. My grandmother got the shrimp fra diavlo which she said was good and my grandfather the flounder stuffed with crabmeat. Everything was super fresh (especially the seafood) and simple. Simple descriptions, simple preperations, simple presentation. I could see people who are used to 100 word descriptions for items and 10 ingredients that they are not sure what is being included not liking this place. The server was super nice and although I was not allowed to order off of the Burger Bar menu, she snuck me over whatever she could. It was a change of pace, and although I am not a fish eater, I probably will be back - I heard the filet was awesome.
Food was great, especially considering it was part of the early-bird special. The caesar salad was lacking. And the desert menu was pretty short. I had the mussels with pasta, in a white sauce. It was actually pretty good, and was served in a huge portion.
Delicious seafood! Added bonus--if you're under age 50--you will feel oh so young here! This is a haven for senior citizens.

I would recommend lunch here as dinner-altho good-gets pricey and dinners do not even come with a soup or a salad.

Fried seafood is delicious-fried eggplant is excellent-fried onion rings are great (get the theme here?).

They used to make a homemade killer white chocolate bread pudding with raspberry-it's been off the menu now for years. It was SO GOOD!

A Northeast institution.
Had a delicious dinner! A great menu to choose from! I had salmon yummy my husband had scallops very tasty! My son had combination seafood platter! All the dishes were done to perfection! Waiter was very nice and courteous!a great family place!
Been here numerous times.  Food is OK.  Fried food is OK; baked/broiled tends to be overdone.   Veggie sides soft and mushy.  Maybe aimed at the crowd.  Craig N's review from May 2011 nailed it for our family--it's exactly the conversation we have every time GrandMa wants to go--her favorite place, just suck it up and go.
I only come here when I take my Grandmother out.  If she likes it, then I'll suck it up, no biggy.  There is no reason for anyone under 65 years of age to be eating here, period.  

I picture purgatory looking like this place, kind of a " heaven's waiting room"
Have been going to Gallo's for years. It has been doing better since the new owners took over, but my last few visits have been unmemorable. The staff is great, but the seafood is not fresh. Oyster stew was just oysters put in the chowder base. Not a true stew. Too many corners cut. I wouldn't mind paying their prices for good quality, but I can see from recent posts that major changes are needed.
Turned away around 5pm at the takeout section on Mothers Day telling me they're not taking any more orders. Took the bus there to get dinner for my mother and I. A message on Facebook saying you weren't taking any more orders would have been nice. Absolutely ruined the holiday for us. The last time I was there and actually able to buy food, I noticed they added I think it was a $3 surcharge to the bill when picking up from takeout. Thanks for that during a pandemic when your business seems to be thriving. I'm 48 and have been taken to this restaurant since I can remember. Not like it used to be. Better off getting seafood steamed at supermarkets now.
The service was great! The food was flavorless & my drink, watery. I was disappointed, wanted to love it.
I have been to Gallo's many times.  Tonight, the food was good.  There have been times were the food is not so great.  It is a sort of hit or miss place.  Tonight, we ordered a mussels red appetizer.  Very tasty sauce with small but tender mussels. Dinners were the platter sized coconut shrimp and the pescatore white. The coconut shrimp were cooked nicely, not at all greasy. The pescatore was also very good.  The pasta was al dente and the dish was just loaded with shrimp, mussels, clams, scallops, and a nice amount of jumbo, lump crab meat.  Again, the sauce was very tasty, not at all oily.  So why the 1 star?  Let me explain...
After dinner, I tell our server that we would like dessert.  She begins clearing.  I ask "do you have any fresh decaf coffee please?"  She grimaces and says " I will go check on it, but I don't think it is very fresh."  Now, I have requested this almost every time I dine out.  I am forced to drink decaf coffee (due to a weird arrhythmia issue), and I am ALWAYS told in other establishments "if it isn't fresh a will put on a pot."  The person I was with would have also had a cup of decaf.  Now granted this was at about 8:20, and they stop seating at 9.  The server returns to the table, and announces that the decaf is not fresh, but will be happy "add some hot water to it."  WHAT??? I say "absolutely not...thanks you."  She then wants to know what we want for dessert, to which I reply...nothing.  She says, "Oh, so now you don't want dessert?"  Again, WHAT?!  I did not really respond with other than.."we will just take the check."  On the way out I did ask for a manager.  Sue, the manager said that all they do is throw coffee out, and since it was so late, their policy is to not make fresh coffee but instead to offer tea on the house.  I told her this was probably a mistake she was making.  For that she thanked me and walked away.

So the upshot is, I will not return.  For the price of whatever it costs you to make a pot of decaf you lost a customer.  With the amount of stars you receive I don't think that is very wise.  Here is a classic example of penny-wise and pound-foolish.  I hope that the general manager or owner responds to this.  By the way, our check without drinks was about 62 bucks....dumb call.
I was trying to give it another chance as I LOVE fried oysters and had a craving. Barely warm inside, very unimpressive oysters. Never again, way over-priced. Could be such a great spot. The bartender on Friday night is awesome. I don't get it.  When I make fried oysters at home they are hot!
This place is deceiving.  The outside is really nice. The food...is Jersey shore, Boardwalk quality. I started with the fried calamari. There was more fried batter and pepper rings than there was calamari. Then I had the shrimp sampler. The stuffed crab was broiled on top but not cooked on the underside. There were lots of crab shells in it. The scampi was a thick, soupy consistency and actually tasted like chicken broth. And I've never seen shrimp fried and split like that. My husband had the glazed salmon. It was cooked perfectly-but even with the glaze, it tasted like nothing. Red bliss potatoes-seasoned with nothing. Best part of the meal was the artificial lemonade. For the prices, I expected a much better quality.
What a ripoff.  Food was horrendously dry, sauce was served on the side, prices were far from cheap, and garlic mash potatoes tasted like I was eating straight garlic.  The waitress asked us about five times if we wanted dessert, in an attempt to upsell and build up the bill.  I guess the ~$20 we paid per entree, for low quality food, did not generate enough profit/tip for the waitress's satisfaction.  Then, after she relentlessly pushed dessert, I had to gesture to the waitress to get the bill, and signal to her again to take our credit card.  Service had no interest in pleasing or attending to the customer, only in selling expensive desserts.  Most of the patrons were senior citizens, who may like the concept of a traditional seafood house without paying attention to what they are actually eating.  Avoid this place at all costs.
I never thought thst I'd give Gallos, a restaurant I've patronized with my family for over 40 years, a negative review, but my experience there on a recent Friday for an early dinner with  was extremely disappointing. Our family has always thought of Gallos as the gold standard of seafood restaurants, with top quality fish and stellar service. Our server was very nice and attentive, but the food quality was definitely sub par. The gulf shrimp platter which I ordered arrived  lukewarm and kind of greasy, and I suspect not of the usual Gallos quality to which we were accustomed. The same coold be said for the "sea spud fries" which were essentially frozen pre packed fries also under done. My brother did not fare too much better with his chicken dish, which he sent back for further cooking, and also seemed to have seen better days. As long time patrons, it will be quite awhile before we feel comfortable returning here.
Pretty average seafood place. Bland fare, and it's not a surprise that the old folks flock to this place. Service is good, but the food lacks any significant flavor and is essentially forgettable.

Got a crab cake here. It was OK. Good amount of meat, but again, just so bland. Sides are also average (I got slaw and fries). If you're looking for a place to take your grandma, this is it. Otherwise, go somewhere else for seafood.
OK I ate at this place once before great food.

But however I have to give it a one star I went to go eat last night I showed up at 8:35 and they did not want to serve me because she said they were closed the young girl must not be paying the bills that is the hostess obviously.

So this message is to the owner I have a friend that owns Finnigan's Wake in Key West. OK we went out one night 2 o'clock in the morning the bartenders call say hey we want to close he said no way then I'll be known for being closed early and nobody will want to come walk over to my spot

4 o'clock in the morning they called over said the place was packed because everybody else was closed early.

So the obvious reason why this place is so dead because the food is good is because you guys close to early LOL some of us workers need to go home take a shower then go eat that's who you're going to get at that place so I suggest you stay up until 10 for food. Because there is no good food in the area.

I won't come to your place your time says 9 o'clock you were open till I showed up there I did not get served I was kind of pissed off so I had to go to eat at some lame spot up the street. 

Suggest the owner get his act together otherwise you guys that work there I would suggest you find a new job because you're not gonna make no money closing out early
Had a nice dinner at Gallo's. It's a large seafood restaurant, with a full bar. The service was very good, and the food was solid. Prices are reasonable. There can be a long wait during peak times!  The menu is diverse, and has an array of seafood, fish, shellfish, pasta, steak, and chicken. My GF got the salmon, and I got the fried seafood combo. We both got a house salad and the seafood bisque. Everything was cooked nicely, and for bisque was a standout. Not too thick, with plenty of seafood and flavor.
Glad to see cooks apparently no longer putting printed ticket directly on food.  Got fish sandwich takeout recently.  Price strangely increased from $9 to $13, so I wasn't going to get it, but went ahead anyway. First thing I noticed, they're no longer using take-out box that is all open inside, but type with 3 preformed sections.  They used to put some good, regular type French fries in a separate little container, but they stuffed a few overcooked waffle type fries with some kind of hot powder on them into one of the small container sections. Worst fries ever.  Seems they should have decreased the price $4, not increased.  Won't be buying this again.
Hamburger is good, fish sandwich is good. Won't eat their salmon, I believe it's farmed.  Cheesecake looks good, but it's not.  It's a strange, very light foam, rather than actual cheese texture and taste.  How do you mess up cheesecake?  Had a side of carrots the other day.  Thought I was eating an old sock.  How do you mess up carrots?  If you get take-out, the cooks put the order ticket directly on the food inside the container.  I'm sure this is a violation of health codes.  3 stars is generous.
Even though Gallo's is within walking distance of my home we have never eaten there.  Tonight was my first time, went with my wife and son.  Part of the reason we never went are the comments we've heard from friends and neighbors, decent food but nothing spectacular.  I've also heard many jokes about all of the seniors that frequent the place, though I'm not sure that's necessarily a bad thing.  

First impression was positive.  Yes there were many seniors, there were walkers, canes and wheelchairs.  It was like being in the dining room at Paul's Run.  The restaurant itself was much nicer than I expected, very nicely decorated.  Our server, Casey?, was pleasant and efficient.  She waited on us quickly and checked on us several times during the meal. 

The negatives?  There are many.  I was surprised at the prices, they seemed awfully high.  No entree came with a soup or salad, they have to be ordered separately.  My son and I both ordered the daily special, fish and chips.  Casey informed us, when we ordered that they were out of cod and had substituted talapia.  We decided to go with the fish and chips anyway.  Big mistake.  Have you ever compared the price of cod vs talapia?  Huge difference.  Do you think they could have lowered the price of $15.95 to something more reasonable after substituting the talapia for the cod?  Absolutely not, price was kept at $15.95.  The coating on the fish was not crispy at all, it was bland and soggy.  The fish itself feel apart easily, it was not firm like cod would have been.  The fries were similar to McDonald's fries.  Every time I've had fish and chips the fries were like steak fries, thick wedges, not slim french fires.  The meal was more like something you might get at Arthur Treachers, in a mall food court.  For appetizers my wife and I ordered salads and my son coconut shrimp.  Other than the price of the shrimp, $10.95,  and the price of my Caesar salad, $6.95, no complaints about the appetizers.  For the three of us the total was $78, with a tip our night out cost $95  I wouldn't mind spending that amount for a great meal but not for what we experienced.  Certainly not worth it.
We have been coming to Gallo's since I was a child. It's always been one of my favorite restaurants in the area and we have had many many many (many) meals here. I've even left a previous 5 star review, that's how much I love Gallo's. We've recently moved so it's been a few months since we have eaten here, and I missed it. We made a special trip back to the NE just to have lunch. I couldn't wait to get the chicken parm (my fave) and my H ordered the broiled seafood platter. Well.....the chicken was off, the red sauce is still the same (thank god, it's liquid gold) but the bottom of the plate was full of water. Almost like they dumped the side of pasta, along with the water, on to my plate. My H's meal was terrible. I actually felt bad for him. Every single thing in the broiled seafood platter was over cooked and dried out. The fish was tough, the scallops were like rubber, the deviled crab (we aren't even sure if that's what it was) looked like a pile of mush.  The only thing that was somewhat edible was the crab cake, but it was full of fillers (their crab cakes used to be amazing). Needless to say, we left extremely disappointed. After telling a friend about what happened, I was told they they are under new ownership. I'm really hoping we just went on an "off" day. I will give them one more try because, well, it's my beloved Gallo's.
Just had the best broiled scallops I ever had!! I always get the fried eggplant.  Been a Gallo's customer since they were on Frankford ave!!
I don't get why this place doesn't have more stars? The food is AMAZING! I've been going here since I was a kid, my parents went here, my grandparents went here.. it's been around for a very long time and they're still thriving. I have tried most things on the menu but the best by far is the honey soy glazed salmon, the best salmon you'll get anywhere! The seafood bisque, crabcakes, mussels, chicken with crab, are also some of my favs.
My bf doesn't eat seafood and is always satisfied as well. Their steak is incredible especially with the blue cheese tooping, yum! They have early dinner specials, lunch specials, and I forget what day, but they have a crab cake take our special where you get a crabcake, fries, and coleslaw for like $11.
Went here for the first time last night. The potatoes were undercooked, the stewed tomatoes looked like ketchup out of a can, the macaroni and cheese was just pasta in hot milk and I've had better scallops from a grocery store. Not cool given the prices of everything.
I am really sliding between 2 and 3 stars for this place. I am going with 2 because I gained 1 whole pound over the weekend just from eating this dish over 2 days. The penne special literally drowned in butter, it washed away all of the other flavors such as: crab, asparagus and sun dried tomato. 
This place caters to Blue Hairs and Chubbos. I ate an appetizer at the bar once with a cocktail and really enjoyed the place. I guess it depends on what you order and what you are going there for. 
Think glorified Red Lobster.
Food sucked.  After putting the order in, we waited 45 minutes - and the food was cold and flavorless.  Those crab stuffed shrimp?  I was eating a shrimp donut.  Eww.  The lump crab cake may have been good if it wasn't cold.
Decor was quaint, but even though it was Sunday lunchtime, it was still depressingly dark.
The service sucked.  We waited 10 minutes before they even gave us our place setting.  And then 45 minutes for cold food.  

Their only redeeming grace was they took off half the bill because we weren't happy.  That's the ONLY reason they got the extra star.

I won't be wasting another minute there, though.  I've had better experiences at Red Lobster up the street.  (That's right.  I went to Red Lobster.)  And I can't believe I wasted this much time writing a review on such a poor experience.
I have been eating at Gallo's for years.  I can't understand why their clam chowder can't have visible vegetables in it instead of puréed carrots and potatoes.  I just paid $4,95 for a pint of broth.
So we gave Gallos a second chance. Let me just say we left much happier then before. After my last review I was contacted by the manager, she made it worth the trip to stop back in.

We arrived around 7 pm Thursday. We were sat after a 15 minute wait and Jennifer was our server. She was fantastic! She was consistent, refills came without asking and she was very attentive. The oyster crackers are great and the bread was really fresh!!My wife ordered the crab cake entree. They were cooked to perfection! The zucchini that accompanied though were very undercooked. The coleslaw was delicious and fresh. I went with the fried seafood combination platter. It comes with Tilapia. I cannot stand that fish! I asked to substitute for flounder. I was told they weren't serving flounder, okay, that was a bummer. I did substitute for an additional deviled crab. They did charge me an additional $1.50 for that. When my meal arrived I wasn't very impressed at first. The scallops were extremely small as was the shrimp. Both were very good but still small. The deviled clam I was not a fan of. It was a bit dry and flavorless. The deviled crabs were very very good. My sides were stewed tomatoes and coke slaw. Both side were also very good. We did split the Mac and cheese. Loved the shells but they were a bit undercooked. Otherwise the Mac and cheese was very good. I added a side salad with my entree, for $2.50 it wasn't worth it. They cut the lettuce too small and it's difficult to eat lol.

Overall we left much happier then last time. Just a few minor tweaks and this could be my seafood place. We may give it another shot in the future.
Due to some less than stellar YELP reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect when I visited Gallo's this week for a funeral luncheon in their banquet room. I was pleasantly surprised by the top-notch bartending (delicious Margaritas!) excellent food (house salad dressing was great - and don't miss the apple cobbler!) and extraordinary service from the waitstaff. The room was lovely and updated in terms of decor, and we were served a fantastic meal by two very professional waitstaff personnel. 

I'm a somewhat picky diner - I don't like heavily processed foods very much. Everything I had tasted fresh and home-made. Our choices were Chicken Marsala or Grilled Salmon. Even though I'm not much of a meat eater, I opted for the chicken and it was EXCELLENT. Moist, fresh-tasting (not that sodium-injected stuff) and served with fresh green beans and roasted potatoes. My husband is even more critical than I am and he  was blown away with the grilled salmon - he raved about it. As noted the salads were wonderful with a light but tasty dressing, and the fresh rolls were enjoyed by everyone at the table. Beverage service (soft drinks and coffee/tea) was efficient as well.

I cannot comment on the regular restaurant or bar, but if you are looking for a private luncheon or dinner space for a birthday, communion, rehearsal dinner, etc. in Northeast Philly, Gallo's is an excellent choice.
I just visited for the first time in a long time.  I should come here more often.  

I got an excellent, perfectly cooked piece of fresh fish.  (Also VERY large compared to what I'm accustomed to getting elsewhere.)  Cake was very impressive.  (I believe it was homemade.)  Coffee was good.  Server was very friendly, attentive, and fast.  And I left feeling like I got a good deal.

The cocktail menu could use an update (e.g., maybe offer some lighter or innovative drinks with fresh juice).  But I was still happy with the cocktail that they made at my request.  

I'd like to see them spruce up their sides a bit.  For example, fresh-cut French fries would be nice.

Overall, a good experience and I'll be visiting more frequently.  I'm still thinking about that cake as I'm writing this.
Very nice place for seafood dinner for family. We came in for sunset special between 3-6pm include soup or salad, entre and desert. Very nice deal for around $20! Seafood bisque was excellent, crab cake had lump crabmeat and apple cobbler was definitely not to miss.
Gallos SUCKS! We would always go and loved it, I took my family (5) there last night and got bad service and half assed food! I could not believe it, I never send back food (soft shell crabs) I did! I'm really pissed they screwed up our dinner for that price, I had to write a review, I knew something was wrong when we did not have to wait on Friday night. No wonder it's going under along with those lousy waitresses!!! Can we give less than 1 star?
Love this place.  Never had a bad meal. Went on Sunday, Julie our server was awesome. Highly recommend this restaurant.
We've been coming here for years and consistently have a great meal here. 

I love the horseradish. It's incredible and homemade and they give you little oyster crackers. 

We always love the mussels and fried flounder. And if they have clam chowder on the menu, definitely get it. This place is always crowded for good reasons.
So this was our first time at Gallo's in well over 10 years. There isn't much of an option for seafood in the area so our choices were limited. We arrived this evening to a wait, well over 30 minutes.

Once we were sat the server Mike came over and didn't introduce himself, he literally just dropped the bread and walked away. The bread was very good! A few minutes later he came back for a drink order. We had been waiting a while so we knew what we wanted. After 10 minutes or so we finally got our drinks.

I went with the scallops and risotto, the wife went with the salmon.  The salmon was seasoned in an Asian sauce and it was very good. The veggies that accompanied were also good. The scallops were cooked to perfection! But I must say they put way too much lemon butter on them. There was actually to much on the entire dish. The portion size was good. 8 nice size scallops. The risotto was mushroom flavored and had a nice amount of mushrooms and was the perfect consistency. The asparagus was soft but a little too soft. The lemon butter was heavy so it became soggy. 

While the food was good, the service was flat out terrible. The sever was so rude and acted like we didn't exist. When he came to refill drinks not a word was spoken. I would say thanks with no response, he would just look at his other tables. I'm not sure if he was overwhelmed or what. It came to the point we just gave him our card without receiving the bill. Our daughters meal was supposed to come with ice cream and he didn't even mention that. I guess he didn't care. I said thank you have a good night as we were leaving and again nothing. We eat out a lot! I've never had a server treat us this way. Regardless of service we never leave less than 20% tip but he didn't even deserve that. If the service were better we may have come back. Not a chance, I'll spend my money elsewhere. 2 stars for the food
A great place for seafood. Had the fried seafood platter for lunch. My son had a cheddar burger with fries onions. Both were excellent. The fried Gulf shrimp were perfectly brown and cocktail sauce was fresh. Also, I don't usually rave about soft drinks, but their coca cola was sweet and very good. Maybe it's just hot and I was thirsty. Will be back again soon for lunch.
The clams and oysters on the half-shell were terrific as always. The fresh fish specials (swordfish when I visited) are prepared well. Fried flounder and scallops are reliable staples, but the deviled clam and crab cake in the fried sampler were mostly filler. 

Friendly and attentive service and reasonable prices, along with the excellent raw shellfish, make this a nice casual meal.
Nice decor with a decent amount of space between tables.  

We had three starters:  

1. The fried calamari with cherry peppers was pretty good with most of the calamari tender and not too chewy.  The fried cherry peppers had a decent bite to them without being too hot.  The marinara sauce was bleh.. not much flavor at all.  
2.  The seafood bisque was OK.  There was nothing really wrong with it but it was a bit bland and more like what I would expect from a Philly area diner instead of a seafood restaurant.
3. The coconut shrimp was excellent but what really made it stand out was the orange horseradish dipping sauce.  The initial burn of horseradish quickly faded and left a delicate honey-orange flavor.

We had three entrees:

1. I had the Shrimp Sampler ($20.95) that comes with fried shrimp, shrimp scampi, and baked stuffed shrimp.  It was 2/3rds good. The fried shrimp and the scampi were quite good but the stuffing on the stuffed shrimp was bland and mushy.  It had very little flavor and there was no texture really - it felt pureed.  I paid extra for the asparagus side but wish I hadn't bothered.  They were on the verge of overcooked and mushy and seemed to be completely unseasoned.  

2. Michael had the Fried Flounder - one of the cheapest entrees - and he said it was excellent.  The flounder filet was thick enough and not over breaded.  He had the garlic/herb roasted potatoes as his side and he loved it.

3. Brian had one of the specials... a Wasabi crusted seared tuna filet served over spinach.  Taste wise it was great but he ordered it medium rare and it came closer to medium well.  The spinach under the tuna was a bit bland but did pick up some flavor from the tuna so that helped.  The sauce with this dish was excellent.  It was a soy based sauce with a slightly smokey taste I cannot place. Brian said he would eat it on everything.

Service:

Our server was very friendly and helpful with recommendations but there were several times we were left without beverages as she took away water glasses to refill instead of bringing a pitcher or new glasses.  Normally this is not a problem but both Brian and Michael had periods of 5-10 minutes with their entree in front of them and nothing to drink.
A family member's birthday party was held at this family owned Italian seafood joint yesterday, and we were all very pleased with the food and service.  In fact, I would highly recommend this place for large parties.  The private room we had was nicely decorated and the waitresses assigned to us were excellent (and worked around the screaming, wild kids running around the room).

The food was above average across the board.  Our sit-down dinner menu consisted of crusty rolls, standard iceberg salad with vinaigrette, choice of salmon or chicken piccata, and an apple cobbler with vanilla ice cream.  The salmon was glazed with a honey teriyaki sauce, and while there were whispered complaints about it being mushy, I thought it was pretty good.  Like I said-- the food was better than at most other large functions I've been to.

Bottom line-- for a dinner out-- 3 stars.  For a party-- 4.
Went there for dinner last night, beautiful restaurant, great wait staff, however I ordered shrimp scallopini, I got shrimp and spaghetti in tomato sauce, very disappointed. Really need a chef who knows how to prepare scallopini, it didn't even resemble it, and it was very bland. I ate the shrimp and left almost all of the spaghetti, NOT A GOOD IMPRESSION,!!!
The grilled seafood salad is awesome, its actually the only thing I've ordered, but at $16.00 or more, I just make my own. And yes its a senior haven!
We had a family dinner there,six + people on 9-28-13. I had never eaten there , some family had ,and it is convenient for most .
Our waitress , Heather was  pleasant ,but not attentive. They auto tip larger parties15% so we did not get much service. We had to ask for more water,bread napkins etc.etc etc.
I ordered a cocktail,passable,they got the bitters correct,the second one was mostly water.I think I got the backwash from another drink,pretty bad.
Salads fresh and crispy,and soups good. 
Entrees , well,6 of the 8 arrived with wrong or NO vegetables,had to ask the waitress to make some effort to sort this out. When they finally arrived they were good. Roasted potatoes, broccoli ,and asparagus were fine.
However the entrees,4 of 8 were small and not well prepared. I had crab imperial,
$23, for what looked like an appetizer serving. Fried oysters, bland,small , and too doughy,the seafood broiled, just OK and so it goes on and on.
I ordered a decaff,but got regular,so I stayed awake and thought about all the better places we could have gone!
My recommendation don't go to this place. I am not a fan of chain restaurants ,but have had better seafood,drinks and service at the Red Lobster.
Excellent food.  Excellent service.  I'm surprised the reviews are so low.  
Lump crab cakes here are my favorite...fresh crab not canned.  My date had the fried scallops, also delicious.  Fried eggplant, fresh asparagus and mac/cheese for sides...all soooo good!  Oh and we started with a cup of manhattan clam chowder...divine.  To be honest, nothing could have been better...  i have been here many times and the food and service has consistently been on point!
I really enjoy coming to gallos. Lobster Bisque is a must and crab cakes are slightly smaller than I would like but delicious. I am usually a fan of mac and cheese but the mac and cheese is always undercooked here so I usually stay away from it. I do like eggplant side. Overall the food is on point, the service is a hit or miss. Sometimes it's amazing, sometimes it can be pretty poor. I would give 5 stars if not for mac and cheese and occasionally poor service.
I was here for the third time the weekend before last and had another great meal. We took my aunt who is 95 yrs old here since it is her favorite restaurant. There were 6 of us and several of us had the broiled seafood combo which was very filling. We also had the lobster bisque soup which was really good. I had a slice of cheesecake for dessert which was out of this world. Its creamy and light, not heavy...to die for!!!
The staff is always super nice and friendly. The value for the money is fabulous. 
This place is 5 stars all the way. Highly recommended.
Without question one of the best seafood restaurants in the vicinity; worth traveling a bit to get to as well.   Atmosphere not what I'd call "intimate" but food far outweighs that issue.   We go regularly; service has never been a problem.   I am surprised that anyone could give this place any bad review.   Recently took two friends to eat there with us who live in City Line area - they are still talking about it.   Said it was the best grouper they've ever eaten.
This would be 3.5 stars if I could.  It's a solid restaurant. 


My dad comes here all the time and loves it! 

I feel I am a bigger critic. It's a good place to get food but again never have had a great meal.  I also never a had a bad meal. 

I really like their clams! The cherry stones are pretty solid. I prefer it raw

Their seafood salad is pretty good and it's big enough for my dad and I to share 

I have had the crab cakes which is also good.  

Their service is always pretty good!
My first time eating here. Pretty good. The prices were lower than I expected for a seafood joint.  I had the Canadian salmon. It was great. We waited 5 minutes to be seated.  That's awesome for a Saturday night.
Gallo's Seafood has been a staple in the far Northeast since 1966 and I think the last time I ate there I was a little kid. 
Since it's mainly a seafood place, hence the name Gallo's Seafood I certainly was in utter shock when several people that I know recently had mentioned that they have stupendous chicken parm. 
Now I love a good chicken parm, sometimes it's kind of a chore to find a really good one. 
I was skeptical since the place is called Gallo's Seafood but I trusted both of them and I figured worse case scenario it'll suck and then I'll punch them both in the balls. 

Me and the wife went over and we both got the chicken parm and it is very nice of them, they let you substitute the spaghetti that comes with it for two sides, cause I don't like spaghetti and if you have a problem with that come fight me. 
So f*ck spaghetti I chose roasted potatoes and fried eggplant. 
Again very surprised they were both perfectly cooked. Eggplant was crisp had a tender center it was a nice thick piece. 
Loved the roasted potatoes, they were perfectly salted had a nice browness to it and little buttery and tender.

The piece de resistance was the chicken parm. 
At first glance it looked amazing. Perfectly sauced with a beautifully bubbled cheese blankey. Upon first cutting into it I noticed it was nice and tender, like me. Perfectly crisp. As I open my pie hole the jam it, I was shocked but in a good way. 
It was fantastic. This is the second best chicken parm that I've had, finding the first best just a mere several days ago at Giuseppe & Sons. 

Gallo's is super close to my house and for $16 bucks I got two sides with it. 
They bring out some bread in the beginning, nice touch. 
I will certainly be back here often. I'm kind of annoyed that I didn't try their chicken parm many many years ago. I should punch myself in the nuts but I won't I'll just enjoy the chicken parm from now on. 
Thank you for making such awesome chicken parm Gallos even though you're called seafood.
I just visited for the first time in a long time.  I should come here more often.  

I got an excellent, perfectly cooked piece of fresh fish.  (Also VERY large compared to what I'm accustomed to getting elsewhere.)  Cake was very impressive.  (I believe it was homemade.)  Coffee was good.  And server was very friendly, attentive, and fast.  And I left feeling like I got a good deal.

The cocktail menu could use an update (e.g., maybe offer some lighter or innovative drinks with fresh juice).  But I was still happy with the cocktail that they made at my request.  

I'd like to see them spruce up their sides a bit.  For example, fresh-cut French fries would be nice.

Overall, a good experience and I'll be visiting more frequently.  I'm still thinking about that cake as I'm writing this. 

UPDATE:  I added another star because during my last two visits the side vegetables were very fresh and the desserts keep changing and also seemed very fresh.  Also, I'm a bit of a health nut and they accommodated my requests to omit butter without a hitch; and the meal was still tasty.  Great service.  Great value.
Place is okay. Went first time with father. Food was overpriced. Food was just okay nothing special. Did not enjoy lobster mac and cheese. Too watery and too expensive. Could of been larger for the price. Would go back if I was nearby but would not take a long drive to.
Last Sunday my husband and I went out to dinner at Gallos Seafood. It was our first time there and it will not be our last. The food was a little pricey but our waitress was Sarah and she was awesome!  I have never had a more pleasant and attentive waitress.  I am kind of undecisive when it comes to eating new food, but she was very patient and helpful.  I ended up getting Canadian glazed salmon and my husband had the pescatore. Both dishes were great. I don't usually leave reviews about restaurants but Gallos' is definitely a place to stop for seafood if you are I'm the northeast.
I always enjoy eating here. I prefer the Gallo's Burger Bar segment over that of the main dining segment. It's more my comfort zone. The bar menu and beer selection is just right for a local bar scene. 

Gallo's Burger Bar has two TV's for watching sports. Recommendation.... When a game is not airing on a sports channel, turn on closed caption if leaving talk sports radio/tv broadcasts on ESPN, Sports Philadelphia, etc; mainly when the volume is off. 

My 2 favorites on the menu are the Fish Tacos and Fried Chicken Sandwich. Their fries could be better, however all the other sides/appetizers are tasty, including the crab cake balls.

I respect the fact that the beer selection on tap includes 2 locally brewed options on tap. Yards Brewing Company: Philadelphia Pale Ale and Victory Brewing Company: Summer Love Ale. Two low ABV options. Often bars try to fit in with the craft beer scene by adding several different IPA's that average 6%-9% ABV; unnecessary. 

Most locals drink Miller Lite, Coors Light, Bud Light and Yuengleng. All included at the burger bar, however they have the right mix of craft beers to include India Pale Ale, Pale Ale, Ale and a Shandy. Also have Guinness and Stella. Nice job!
Amazing Ambiance! Food is exceptional! I was served by Bartender Nicole, she is sweet, helpful and on point with service and timing! Seems like the customers knew her which made a personable experience! Definitely coming back!
Nice, clean place.  It's funny that I've driven by this place my entire life (a loooooong time) yet I'd never been there before last night.  A friend of mine picked it and made reservations.  We enjoyed caesar salad to start.  I had the seared scallops with risotto and asparagus and she had the roasted flounder stuffed with crabmeat, mashed potatoes and sautéed spinach.  The fresh seeded bread is great too!  We were doing a lot of catching up so we were there a while. Our waitress (Hailey) was wonderful!  And we ended with fresh made (in house) brownie sundaes!  Yum!
There was a typo in my original review. It was not Chicken Piscataway (I don't know where that name came from; I guess it was an auto spelling self-correct which I didn't catch) - it was Chicken Piccata which I had ordered. Evidently, it was originally Grouper Piccata on the menu; but they no longer do the grouper, and changed it to chicken instead. I guess that is why the original $19.95 price; however, they never adjusted the price when they made the switch to chicken. In any case, the chicken was not a nice piece of chicken breast; it was several pieces of chicken breast shaped almost like chicken fingers. Quality was definitely lacking - and again, the price was ridiculous for what I received.
Best fried shrimp and seafood bisque in Philadelphia!!  Gallos is a great restaurant to go on a date to or even go with your family. They do take reservations but try to get hear early in the evening. This place gets very busy at night! The crowd at Gallos is mostly older.
Ordered crab cakes with eggplant and vegetables. Very disappointed in the overall taste and texture is the food. Everything was bland and half thought in terms if how flavors come together and presentation.  On the upside, cocktails were good...
My family has been going to Gallos for years.  Good dependable food with large portions however times have changed we ate there last night a lot of new waitstaff that didn't know the menu the food was still tasty but the portions were drastically cut I went home hungry we have tried everything on the menu over the years but my favorite is the salmon with verde sauce (fresh herb sauce) it looked to be about 4 oz on the plate - they even cut back on the zucchini and potatoes they don't give you side dishes any more they put the sides on the plate.  Did I also mention they now have much smaller dinner plates?  Also they keep telling us they can't get flounder and try to make same dishes using a much cheaper white fish, but at least they are honest about it.  I asked if it was under new owners but got brushed off. 

Mary M
Food was great, but wait time could use some work. I feel like the quality of the food matches the price. The burger bar section as opposed to the bigger seating section had a different feel -- burger bar section was more noisier than the bigger seating section.
Excellent service, excellent quality. Clams casino we fantastic! (probably the best I have ever had) I also really enjoyed the Crab Imperial. The waiter I had was excellent! It was a very enjoyable experience, I highly recommend Gallo's!
I haven't been to Gallos in a few years. But today we got takeout and it is delicious! I got the grouper piccata which has spinach, mushrooms, lump crabmeat, and a white wine sauce, and I got a side of garlicky zucchini. I also had some seafood bisque. It was all so good!!
Came here as a recommendation for good seafood dinner. 
Decided to have a birthday gathering here and called ahead for reservations which they accommodated. 
Don't know what to say about the meal other than everyone really loved their dinners. I kept hearing how good the seafood raviolis were. 
I ordered the crab cakes and didn't have any left over to bring home.
Definitely need to return back.
Good atmosphere and great service. The worst seafood I have had in a long time.  The food was bland, flavorless and low quality.  We were very disappointed.  May have been a bad night for the chefs but we won't be back to find out.
Had Gallos with the family and me and my husband had the seafood combination, my son got the Shrimp platter, and my grandson got a side of Spaghetti.  Well the best way I could describe our dinners is alpo!!!!!  The shrimp was so so small, the crab cake was made out of that imitation crab sticks. I cut my crab cake in half and a long crab stick came out took a bite of the deviled clay and at that point I was completely done. My grandson who ordered Spaghetti got Mac and cheese. Unfortunately this was delivered to our houses so I couldn't return it. I know the business was sold but my God you need to learn how to cook not give people slop !! Never again!!! Gross.
This long established restaurant at one time was a "go to" in Northeast Philadelphia. I don't know how such a complete downfall could have happened so quickly. We ordered takeout last night. I had flounder listed as "fresh atlantic flounder platter". She gave me the bag at the curbside, and it felt light. I drove 2 blocks and checked it. Inside were 2 pieces of fish approx 2" x 3" cold. That was it. I took them back, she apologized and brought back 2 extra small containers 1 cole slaw, i apple sauce. All this for $21. Complete disappointing ripoff. We will NOT be returning. Avoid this place folks. The pic is in the smallest size take away foil
Very disappointing. Our waiter was a no show for the first 15 minutes...no menus in our hands or drink orders taken.  The food was so bad that 2/3 of us left  80% or more of our food on the plate. Even their homemade Italian dressing was nothing but oil AND it took another 10 minutes to get a substitute. I don't know what's happened to Gallo's. I've lived in the Far NE my entire life and it always had a good reputation but I heard it was sold not too long ago so maybe the new owners need to understand that when a family spends over $200 on dinner, and your food is so bad that we leave it, you'll be putting a For Sale sign up sooner than later.  I know we'll never be  back. AWLFUL!
We had lunch at Gallo's Seafood Restaurant on Wednesday, August 4, 2021. We usually have a wonderful experience. We ordered our food. It took 1 hour for our food to get to our table. Our French fries were cold and our fried shrimp was over cooked and hard. Turns out they had a huge party in a separate room. NEVER AGAIN!!!
Big shout out to Gallo's for making a night out a great experience for us.  Would give more than 5 stars if I could!!

I'm a physical therapist currently working with a quadriplegic (CB) who uses a power chair.  He and his wife had not been out to dinner since his injury 2 years ago.  I went to Gallo's the day before to make sure they could accommodate them.  The manager, Frank, was great.  He took me around let me measure tables.  Their tables are 30" which is ADA compliant but the power chair requires 33" of clearance.  He tried to problem solve with me where CB and his wife could sit comfortably.

The evening of the dinner, I showed up with 3" blocks to lift one of their tables to 33".  The staff even helped me place the blocks!  When CB and his wife arrived, the were shown to their table like any other guests.  The waitress was fantastic and the staff couldn't have been more supportive, allowing CB and his wife to have a "normal" evening together.

The food was great, the service even better.  Thank you to Gallo's for making this special evening possible.
