So I saw this bar on a Facebook video.. I had no clue that this place was tucked away in a neighborhood that I pass through from time to time... Once I saw the name and location, I stopped in for a late lunch and a beer. 
First impression... "That is one sexy bartender you have working that afternoon shift"!!
But I'm here for their famous kielbasa cheesesteak. I placed my order which came with fries, and I ordered a beer after tasting a couple that were on tap... I have loved kielbasa sandwiches since I was a kid ordering them at either Marty & Barbs or The Rainbow Inn Bar in Clayton... 
The phrase "lost in the sauce" applied to this sandwich... The melted cheese sauce really took over the whole sandwich.... 
But those fries!! They were frighin phenomenal. Eaten with malt vinegar and  added salt, I could've just sat down to that and the beer..
Great local spot. Friendly patrons. Good service.
What a find, a hidden gem all the way.  The Wit or Witowski. A cheese steak made with chopped kielbasa and Cooper sharp cheese. A sandwich that pays homage to the Polish heritage of the Port Richmond section of Philadelphia. It was amazing from first bite. It all starts with a quality kielbasa product. I asked, they buy it in loaf form, not in a sausage casing. The addition of fried onions was a necessary and much appreciated addition. I also was able to sample the roast pork with broccoli rabe and Long hots. This sandwich was also worth the price of admission. I suggest taking a friend and ordering one of each sandwich and then swap halves... you will be glad you did. Service was friendly and I felt like a local. Great job all around.
Welcome to Richmond!  Gaul + Co is doing it right.  They just opened, the menu is small, but they're doing the content right.  The have a nice selection of draft + bottled/can beer.  

The kielbasa cheesesteak will put this place on the map.  There was no casing, you could tell it was trimmed from a loaf.  I thought it would be somewhat salty, but it wasn't.  The chicken cutlets were super crispy and the wings were good too.  

I'll def be coming back, there was ZERO hipster bullshit attitude from the staff.  Venture up here and try this place.
I'm on the fence on this place. 
It is clearly a well liked local dive watering hole.
But the food didn't blow me away and was on the pricer side for what it was. It was midday on a Friday and they were out of roast beef and salad. So we opted for the kielbasa egg rolls which were good but should have had a something like horserasdish served with them to cut through the heaviness. The kielbasa cheesesteak suffered from the same issue. It is shaved kiebasa drown in white american cheese so it is heavy. The two of us split one and we both wanted to nap after.
Philly is obviously the cheesesteak capital of America. We aren't just talking chicken, steak or veggie. The Gaul House takes a different spin on a city-wide classic with their Wit or Witowski.

So, get this- the sandwich uses kielbasa as the meat. Along with the classics of caramelized onions and cheese whiz. If you want to be fancy, add the fried mozzarella and fried egg. It comes with fries, so you may as well shove those onto your sandwich as well. As a Rutgers alumna, this brought me back to my GreaseTruck sandwich days, yet with better quality products. 

This is a massive sandwich. If you eat the whole thing, expect a nap in your future. 

The bar itself is a little neighborhood, dive-bar type of spot. Cozy and casual. They have a small craft beer selection that is reasonably priced, a little deeper than your typical dive-bar. 

This is a Philly must-do for all cheesesteak and sandwich lovers out there.
Nice small corner bar with a great menu.  Descent tap list and fast friendly service.   Gets local kielbasa and makes a Polish cheese steak.  A must have for kielbasa lovers
We were in the area and this place was on our bucket list, so we HAD to stop. With covid restrictions we weren't sure if they would be open for indoor dining, but we lucked out. Tables were spaced, staff had masks and distanced. Very friendly bartender waiting on us. Great beer selection. But the reason we came...the Wit or Witowski! 

A shaved kielbasa sandwich with a cooper sharp cheese sauce! Oh my! I love kielbasa and I love the snap of a good one, but there is something about it being shaved and covered in cheese that makes this place worth your while. 

We also ordered the parmesan garlic cauliflower, which was excellent. Kids split a burger and Mac and cheese, really really good portions and burger/mac. Kids crushed it. 

The fries by the way are dynamite! You need to get over and check them out if you haven't already. Yum!
This is my new favorite bar in port Richmond! It's so cozy and always has great vibes. The food is delicious, they have games (jenga is my fav), good music, nice and accommodating bar tenders - Tanya is my faaaav! Definitely recommend this spot.
This place is the real deal. Local bar/dive feel - but still very welcoming to visitors of the neighborhood.

Super eclectic and unique decorations throughout (gotta appreciate the deer head - don't seem that in the city too often).

Menu is solid, and creative. You can't go and not try their spin on a Philly cheesesteak - their "Wit or Witowski." Everything you would imagine in this sandwich, but meat is sliced kielbasa, instead of traditional steak. 

They also have one of my more desired roast pork sandwiches. Broccoli rabe is top notch.

Great spot for vegetarians too! Big variety of special fry orders (you can get with lots of toppings) and they have really good buffalo cauliflower!

On top of this, they have a huge draft selection, you just can't go wrong.

The only downside to this restaurant is space - which is hard to come by anywhere, but they only have a handful of small tables for seating, and some wrap around bar seating. So big groups can be tough depending on the night.
Went for lunch to have my namesakes signature sandwich The Witowski. Fabulous kielbasa from Swiakis on  a Geno's Bakery Italian roll with fresh cut fries!  Check it out you won't be disappointed. Great draft beer selection too! Friendly and courteous service.
Happy to have a neighborhood bar/restaurant that makes solid, tasty food 

We picked up the Roast Beef sandwich, the pork sandwich and the garlic and parmesan wings.

All were good but the Roast Beef sandwich was the killer! Really flavorful with au jus and the melted cheese really took it home.  Fries were fresh cut and crispy.

The pork sandwich was good too. A tad on the dry side but still lots of flavor.

The wings also we're on the dry side but above average.  Next time I'm gonna try Buffalo style and report back.

Friendly staff too.

4.5 stars 

 Definite return
Gaul & Co is located in my neighborhood yet this was my thirst time here! It used to be a corner bar that was a fun place so I was curious to see what they did with it. The decor is still corner bar with upgraded seating. It's dark inside but that adds to the vibe. There's bar seating and counter seating across from bar. There's only 3 tables in back. There's 2 tables on pavement that's convenient for pet owners but pavement is small. 
There's a big selection of beer both craft and regular as well as wine. There's a full bar and also a specialty cocktail list which I love! I had a rum
Punch that was very well made and delicious! Tom the bartender made excellent cocktails. He was attentive without being overbearing. He got our drinks as well as our food. He was also super nice!
The food was also good. We tried the fried mozzarella, kielbasa eggrolls and the famous Wit or Witowski! The mozzarella was lightly breaded and fried. It was very good. The egg roll kielbasa was yummy! It had thinly sliced kielbasa and sauerkraut inside a nicely crisp egg roll. The Wit or Witowski is a Polish take on the cheesesteak! It had thinly sliced kielbasa and cheese on an Amorosa roll. The sandwich had a lot of meat I. The center but the ends only had a few scraps. It was a tasty sandwich. 
The bar is located in Port Richmond, the home of Polish food. They did a good job on creating Polish fusion! Prices are a little high for a neighborhood place.
After now my third visit I figure its time for the world to know about Gaul & Co. Malthouse. Although the space is a little small they pack a big punch. Excellent rotating craft beers (they are certified on the Untapped app) with a nice selection of various styles. Full bar with a list of specialty cocktails as well. Friendly staff and patrons only add to the experience. Three large tvs to catch your favorite team on and drink and food specials for some of the contests. As all of the other reviews have stated the menu is small but the food is quality. Come here for the Wit or Witowski. This signature sandwich is a take on the Philly cheesesteak but done with local kielbasa. Chipped just as a steak with fried onions and cheese on a perfect roll will make this place famous alone. We've had the hand cut fries, grilled chicken salad, wings and fried cauliflower bites. I enjoyed them all but Michelle wasn't so much of a fan of the cauliflower. They have a jukebox and on our last visit they had live acoustic music. I love that Port Richmond is starting to get the spill off from Nolibs/Fishtown and advise that the next time in this area to give it a try.
This place is underrated. It has awesome food. 
The only reason I can't give five stars is the seating is very limited. Going with a group of 4 is pushing it. The servers are great and we can usually get tables pushed together. The tables are normally in the way of either the kitchen or the bathroom though. I hope this place gets enough traffic so they can expand. It would be five stars if there was a comfortable place to sit. 
The food is five stars. Especially the specials. 
Def try it but leave the kids/friends at home.
Just finished eating the Roast Pork sandwich...... This place has single handedly bitchslapped all of its competitors into third world status. Im sorry John's Roast Pork, Tony Luke's and Paesano's; all of you are delicious in your own rights, but Gaul's has done you in...... As a lifelong Philadelphian and cheesesteak/roast pork connoisseur, this it THE best g**da**ed Roast Pork I've EVER had.....!!
Awesome new spot.  The laid back atmosphere and and surprising menu are definitely worth checking out.  The kielbasa cheesesteak is a must try.
We decided to head to Port Richmond for a sandwich that is taking a well to do 
jab at a Philly staple, the cheese steak. The main difference is there is NO 
beef so instead they chop the ever living shit out of a kielbasa and 
toss that salty goodness with the regular accoutrements that make up a 
cheese steak.  I am not a fan of kielbasa, but fuck me this was amazing.
The tastes were all there. Saltier than a steak would be, but welcomed and 
fit perfect in the sandwich. 
It did come with some very tasty crispy fries. 
We split the sandwich so there was room for some spicy buffalo wings.
Crisp and tossed to full coverage they were juicy and delicious.  
If I didn't hear of the Wit or Witowski from this little Port Richmond corner bar 
I would never assume they had some very good food.
This is one great place.  Came here with the family & liked the cozy corner bar vibe.  The bartenders were very welcoming & let us try several beers before ordering.  The meal started with buffalo cauliflower bites, garlic wings & kielbasa egg rolls.  All were really good. The bartender comp'ed us on egg & pork roll empanadas; also great.  We then ordered sandwiches: a couple of kielbasa cheese steaks, chicken cutlet sandwiches & a pork sandwich   All were excellent but the pork sandwich was as good as I've had anywhere. We ate at the bar because there were only a couple of tables but it worked out fine as there was plenty of space between the bar seats. The bill was very reasonable considering all we ate & drank. Would like to return soon - could be my new favorite spot.
Wow great roast beef sandwich n fries  .nice sturdy crusty roll ..superior beef no fat at all n plentiful but not overbearing ..just the right distribution n cooked perfectly ..
Very fresh horseradish seemed homemade ..no way out of a jar ..raw onions my preference super fresh n diced perfectly in there own side cups .
.I say a real bargain for $10 bucks . 
beer was ice cold .
.inside is really nice n very comfortable chairs n stools ..
Great juke box 
Cook / owner was very friendly ..
Female bartender was most helpful and friendly ..
A most welcome addition to the neighborhood ..
Will be back ...great chill place
I came here for the Shaved Kielbasa Cheese Steak, the "Wit or Witowski." The bread was soft and chewy, good. The sandwich was overloaded with very thinly sliced kielbasa. And the cheese wasn't particularly memorable.

This was a good sandwich, although a few things hold it back from glory: 

1) Like it's beef cousin, it lacks acid and any herb/spice complexity. This makes it a bit of a bore after the first ten or fifteen bites. It could use a bit of crunch and some acid. 

2) One of the things I love about kielbasa is it's body/texture. Slicing it this thins takes that away. It leaves you with something a bit more like bologna. 

Nevertheless, this was tasty and I'd eat it again.
It makes my heart happy that great little spots like this are cropping up in my neighborhood!  While the malt house has great food and a nice craft beer selection on tap, what I love most is the friendly neighborhood vibe. The employees and patrons both are super cool and it's a great time whenever one stops in. 
My dining companion ordered wings and said they were among the best he's ever had.  I was disappointed because I was dying to try the kielbasa egg rolls and they were out :-/ but that's just another reason to come back. I ordered buffalo cauliflower and it was so good! Very spicy and flavorful. Highly recommended. 
My friend got the famous wit or witowski and liked it. I ordered a special which was a shrimp sandwich and quite liked mine as well.
All this deliciousness went even better with a couple craft brews and jukebox music. I loved the malt house and I can't wait to get back!
So this place is amazing!!! I started with a maple cider and I never tasted anything so good and smooth. I will be a regular as long as that's on tap there. We had wing which the sauce was delicious and the perfect combo of hot and just right. The wings could have been a lot crispier but that's the   Only downfall I had. We also had a crock of French Onion Soup that was spiced to perfection. Now the best was the sandwich which was a chipped kielbasa sandwich with a cheese sauce. It was the star of show. The fries were served with a cheese sauce that was also great! Can't wait to go back
Stopped in for a late lunch today and really enjoyed our Kielbasa steak. Yes I said kielbasa steak it was very unusual but really tasty. The wings were perfectly crispy and spicy. Only complaint...the bar stools were so hard and uncomfortable. Not great for sitting and drinking.
Wit or witoski get it. 
Amazing spot great atmosphere 
I was home on leave getting ready to go back 
I was dying for something I could only get here in Philly this filled my need perfect
This place is amazing! It's a small local place in port Richmond. Their menu isn't very large but everything I had was executed well. The wings were fantastic and cooked to perfection. I love when they are sauced but still crispy. The Keilbasa cheesesteak! You won't find it elsewhere and it's worth the hype. They have a great beer selection as well. I ate it so fast I forgot to snap some pictures. I wish they had places like this in the far NE. I will be back for sure. My only warning is parking can be tough.
This "wit or witowski" sandwich is an instant classic! A sandwich that will become a Port Richmond signature. They really did a great job with this place and can't wait to come back.
I've been there a few times since October, most recently was with a large group.  We all had a great time.  The food is amazing and the service is friendly.  It's a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Gaul & Co. is a great neighborhood spot.  The bartenders and owners are extremely friendly and conversational, but also have that balance of not being intrusive on guests with their parties.  The food and drink are great.  My only complaint is the space is too small to fit the crowd it draws, which having to stand can sometimes be a deterrent.  As a business, I guess this is a good problem to have.
This is not your average corner bar. This in an incredibly well done eating and drinking establishment. The tap list is varied and includes everything from Coors Light to the newest IPA varieties. The very friendly staff makes it easy to relax here over beers with friends or just to watch the game. *When stopping by do yourself a favor and order the Kielbasa Cheesesteak you will not regret it.*
Stopped by for lunch recently at the recommendation of a co-worker and I was pleasantly surprised.  The kielbasa cheesesteak was really great: good roll, amazing cheese, perfect chopped sausage.  The highlight of the meal, however, were the kielbasa egg rolls!  Sounds pretty strange but definitely worth a try.  Unique and amazing.
This is is small, intimate if you go early in the middle of Port Richmond. The bar tender was excellent and was very attentive on making sure the food was delivered quickly. I had the wit or witowski was EXCELLENT! The amount of cheese and the explosive taste was on point. I save half of the sandwich and had it for lunch and it was still delicious! I highly recommend you all to check this place out if you get a chance. I traveled from Delaware County to go eat food, not just any food but delicious food! Oh, by the way, the fries are hand cut.
The Malthouse is a great addition to Port Richmond. This corner bar features the classic wraparound seating and serves both the usual bar suspects and craft beers. For dinner, I had the chicken cutlet parmesan sandwich which tasted very good and was served on a nice crusty roll. The sandwich came with pickles and fries, both tasted perfectly brined.
It was our first time visiting the Gaul & Co. Malt House. We tried the Wit or Witowski and chicken fingers with fries for lunch. We were greeted immediately by Bill behind the bar when entering and were able to get some drinks. The food came out hot and we didn't have to wait long for it. The Wit or Witowski was delicious and I see why it was named best cheesesteak in Philly. My wife had the chicken fingers and said how they tasted great, were real chicken and not greasy. We will be back and bring more friends next time. Keep up the great work.
A few weeks prior to the visit a colleague mentioned the kielbasa cheesesteak from Gaul & Co and from that moment my mind could not escape what my taste buds had not yet experienced. My crew and I pulled up to the scene with the 'bassi missing but shortly after we quenched that thirst. The sandwiches came out loaded to the gills with delicious salty and savory meat coated in a velvety blend of American and cooper sharp which paired excellently. Accompanying the "steak" sangwich (as my good friend Tommy cheeseballs would say) were some deliciously crisp fries. Like a true Delco sommelier I paired this meal with a Bud Light. My fancy pants date went with a Blue Moon - word to the wise go with the BL smooth it accentuates much better. An upscale but refreshing dive bar atmosphere makes this G & C a place I wanna see work out.
Stumbled into this gem accidentally one night. Absolutely delicious sandwich "Wit, or Witowski" with the egg and mozzarella! It's one of a kind!
I've been hearing of the legendary kielbasa cheesesteak from Philly's Port Richmond section for a little over a year. This weekend I finally found myself in the area & stopped in to check it out for myself and you know what.......IT IS LEGENDARY!!!
The thinly sliced kielbasa, the melted cheese, fried onions & perfect roll make it one of the greatest sandwiches you will ever eat! Equally as good are the kielbasa spring rolls.
Felt like a few things were missing when I came here for a trivia night this week. The wings were a little on the smaller size, but still plenty of chicken- the flavor of the wings was very artificial though (firehouse wings). The Wit or Witowski was definitely a full cheesesteak, coming with fries or a salad (got the salad for myself) but it wasn't my favorite cheesesteak out there. The cheese was present, but not as cheesy as you'd wish it would be. Also the meat it in was very very salty with no discernible flavor other than that- salt. The fries with gravy and cheese were, oddly, lacking much flavor, as the gravy was kinda bland and the cheese was pretty thin. I liked the look of the bar the the menu was huge, but maybe should opt for different appetizers and main dishes next time. Loved the vibe and the trivia night though!
This place is one of those hidden gems. I no there's many people from Milyer with this place but the food in this bar is really good. I went there with a friend and we had a regular cheesesteak and I got the wit or witowski and it was amazing. Had a nice friendly corner bar atmosphere with good service and great food
Came here on a recommendation. Gaul & Co. sits on the corner in a mostly residential neighborhood. Very typical pub atmosphere inside. Comfortable with nice upbeat music. They have about 8 beer taps, many bottles and can to choose from. There are 3 large televisions to watch our favorite Philadelphia teams. This place is small enough, mostly bar seating. 
Very good selection of food specials in addition to the regular menu. 
I chose the Italian sandwich. Consist of a breaded chicken cutlet; Includes roasted red peppers, provolone, broccoli rabe. Very nice. 
The bartender was beautiful and also very polite and pleasant. 
Glad I stopped in.
I just got home from this place and I'm already planning my next trip back. I've heard great things about the "Wit or Witowski" and so my boyfriend and I made it a mission to try it. The sandwich consists of thinly sliced and chopped kielbasa, fried onions, and cheese on a long roll. That description does it no justice. Choice of fries or salad - the fries were handmade and delicious. No condiments were needed at all - no salt, pepper, ketchup, etc. The service at this spot is outstanding. We chose to sit outside and within the one hour we were there, we were checked on at least 5 times. Prices were affordable and the drinks were very tasty. You will not regret going here!
Went once for takeout and did sit-down the other time. When you've had positive experiences someplace after two visits, it is time for a review. I'm 50 and change, and was the oldest person there by 10+ years (except for my company), so it is a youngest crowd, but not too rowdy. The atmosphere is friendly. The main reason I stopped by after visiting a friend in Port Richmond was for the Wit or Witowski kielbasi cheesesteak, and it was a total win. The second time I ate with my stepfather, and also got a Wit to go for my wife, She's a true foodie, and a former line cook, who can tell you all the ingredients in most prepared dishes just by taste. She gave it a big thumbs up too, so I feel doubly justified in my rave review.
The wit or witowski creation is worth four stars alone. This port Richmond jawn did not disappoint. Even the pickles were great! I'd drive down from bucks county for this anyday. And if you're lucky you'll catch the mr Softee guy on the way back to the car for dessert.
Picked up lunch today.  Got the Wit or Witowski.  I've had a bite of them here and there but never one completely for myself.  OMG!  It was soooo good!   I am dreaming about the next time I can have one!
Every time I visit Philly, I find a new restaurant that I fall in love with! Gaul and Co is no exception! The Wit or Witowski was flat out delicious and the bartender was a cool guy! You're missing out if you don't check this place out!
According to an article in the Philadelphia Inquirer, one of the owners is a spoken advocate of the anti-vax movement, even went as far to say that there needs to be a separation of food and state???  Just like republicans refusing to mask up in some places, I will also follow my belief system and not eat in a place with such convictions.  I would feel unsafe if many of the workers there follow this owners beliefs.
Fantastic service (everyone was great), they keep up the appropriate safety measures, and the food is amazing. Wings were fantastic and kielbasa cheesesteak was one of the top 3 in the city (as someone who has lived in Philly for 5 years now).
Great food and awesome selection of beer on tap. Been wanting to get here for a long time and it lived up to all the hype. The cheese sauce is one of the best I've had. Wit or Witowski was outstanding!
I really enjoy coming here with my friends and on occasion my family will come up as well. We all LOVE the food and the staff. The food is always amazing and the staff is always welcoming and so helpful! Our only issue is that every single time we have come here our beer is either flat (draft) or warm (bottle). It's so weird! We even brought this up to our sever and she was so kind about it. When she returned with new beer they were warm too and we didn't have the heart to tell her again. This has happened every single time we have come here, in total...six times! We now call it "warm beer house" and just order food or mixed drinks when we come in now. We know they will be cold because of the ice lol You guys either have to run your lines more often or check your gas tanks because the draft beers are flat. Also, please for the love of God start serving cold beer! I'm sure we're not the only people who notice this. Let me know when ya do and we'll come back for beers! We're not a bunch of Karen's lol we just want cold beers :)
The Haul & Company Malthouse is a place that you need a native Philadelphian to tell you about and bring you to. It is the best Philly has to offer with unique sandwiches, cold beer and a wonderful atmosphere. Come on down and have a wonderful lunch you certainly won't regret it. Easily accessible from SEPTA's bus routes 60 54 and 15. Enjoy!
Of course we saw this joint on Diners, Drive-ins and Dines so we took a day trip from NJ just to try the Wit or Witowski which was delicious!!! However I can say that without a doubt, they also had the most delicious, perfectly crispy chicken wings- (drooling thinking about them). We love local joints, no frills, just down good delicious eats. We haven't stopped talking about it since we left!
Wow what a great find! A buddy of mine hipped me to The Wit or Witowtski. It's a shaved kielbasa cheese steak!!! We made the drive over and were not disappointed! The sandwich runs around $12 and comes with a pile of fries. The sandwich was super good, tons of cheese, onions and kielbasa. The fries were incredibly good as well. There was an option to add an egg and fried mozzarella but I went with the plain. They also had a decent cocktail list and tons of beers. Definitely worth checking out if you're looking for a new twist on. Philly classic.
