Man, so disappointing. I'd heard from so many people that Geno's was super legit (and maybe it is) but, the airport location was very lackluster and I wouldn't return if at PHL again. 

The main problem...no love! The employees looked miserable cooking these cheesesteaks and it came through in the end result. Extremely light handed on the meat, peppers and cheese for $12+ bucks...boo. Basically, it was like eating a big piece of white bread and you'd catch an occasional pepper (which provided the only flavor). 

I think Geno himself should tend to this location a bit to bring things back up to standard. 

Pat's King of Steaks it is from here on out...
Onion, mushroom on a Philly Cheese Steak, sign me up! Around $12 for a gigantic sandwich! 

It's the kind of food you eat when you are in college! Now I barely finish 1/4 of it!
A lot of mixed reviews at this airport location, but when in Rome! I had to get a Philly cheesesteak while in Philly! This hot spot also had the longest line of the other fast food eateries.

I ordered the cheesesteak with peppers and the Geno recommended whiz cheese. Footlong soft roll with hot rib eye steak and melted kraft cheesy goodness. The peppers gave it a nice crunch with each bite. Overall 4/5, only gripe is more cheese, pay the extra $1 to get extra. Delicious quick meal while waiting for connections.

Tip: they offer 10% Military / Veteran discount.
Geno's pathetic 1.5-Star rating is not unfounded; I'd go as far as to say the employees at this PHL location go out of their way to continuously earn this well-deserved Yelp snub. From the robotic, monotone cashier to the carelessly thrown together cheesesteak, our meal here was one of the worst I've ever had at an airport (& I'm not an airport food hater by any means.) 

I ordered a cheesesteak with provolone and mushrooms. Each ingredient was worse than the next  -- extremely fatty beef, sad mushrooms, barely melted cheese, day-old bread. Really? Zero pride & love goes into making their product.

We should've gone anywhere but here. I'm sure this location of Geno's is a poor representation of Philly's most well-known food. Skip this place!!!
When in Philly, find Geno's... the original on the battleground of the Philly cheesesteak corner if you can.  Or if you can't get there on an airport layover, this airport stand will do!

Listen, it's not fancy.  It's simple tender ribeye with cheese on a bun.  There are options like adding peppers, etc.  But the point is, it's an American icon you need to try at least once because it will come up in foodie conversations around Philly cuisine.  

So, don't expect the world, just go at least once and decide for yourself. At minimum you will have a heaping, filling sandwich to satisfy your hunger for a long flight or a day of tourism without breaking the bank.
Stale bread. Cold cheese. Undercooked onions. No salt on anything. Price are higher than they are in the city. 

I've had genos in the city, and despite it not being my favorite or the best, it's fine when you need a cheese steak fix. It's good for what it is. And I don't mind it. 

But airport genos is terrible. If you have never had a really philly steak - this will ruin your impression of what it's meant to be.

I couldn't even finish it. 3 bites and I tossed it. 

Don't wast your time and money.

P.s. My Diet Pepsi was flat too.
It's just OK, not a must have cheesesteak sandwich.

To make it taste better, you need to add some pepper for every bite.

The sandwich is so big that it gets really messy.  Be sure to get a lot of napkins and peppers.

It's less messier if you stand up the sandwich with holding it in one hand and sprinkle peppers with the other.
Why did I subject myself to this? 

I'm a local. I've had many great cheesesteaks. 

Why would I subject myself to an airport cheesesteak? 

Look. I was with my family waiting for my flight. We were in the food court. The other choices didn't draw me in. Chick Fil A was closed. I wanted a cheesesteak anyway. 

There's no excuse. I know. 

And let me say that this cheesesteak lived right up to my extremely low expectations. 

They kill the meat here. They don't burn it. They just overcook it to the point where it loses all of its flavor. 

This isn't a real cheesesteak. Don't anyone think otherwise. 

They got the second star because, surprisingly, I liked the fries.
Big Disappointment, This place was terrible, Employees had no knowledge about the menu, Food was disappointing, I ordered the Cheesesteak with peppers. The sub roll was stale and they claim they bake fresh bread in-house daily, Definitely not true, the steak had no flavor to it whatsoever, no salt or anything, the cheese fries were definitely not fresh, fries were soggy and cold, This place is a disgrace for the Genos name, it needs to get shut down. 

Prices weren't too bad but I could go to a fast food restaurant and pay less and get a cheesesteak that at least taste good. I've herd nothing but good things about the main Genos location but this location at the airport makes the name look bad, Hence the one star it has out of over 100 reviews.
Well, I've seen a ton of negative reviews, but I really don't have any complaints. The gentleman at the counter was very friendly and engaging, they got my order right. The roll was fresh, there was a fair amount of steak on the sandwich. The provolone cheese could have been melted a little more though, they didn't seem to know that the cheese goes between the bread and the meat/onions. But the ingredients came together well, there was a good ratio of bread to meat to cheese to onion. And hey, a free hot cherry pepper? Don't mind if I do! I'm sure there are better cheesesteak places in Philly, but especially for an airport, this is a quality stop.
Had a layover at Philadelphia International Airport and wanted to try a Cheesesteak. Now I have read some of the other reviews and it is possible that their experiences with this place may have been not so good on their visit. I on the other hand had a good experience. Service was quick and friendly. I chose the Cheesesteak wit whiz and really enjoyed it. With that being said I'm not sure I'd get it with whiz again. 

With all the options the airport has to offer, I am happy Geno's Steaks is one of those options. Outside of this airport and everywhere you go Subway and Chick-fil-a are a plenty. It is nice to be able to have a local favorite conveniently located in an airport.
Given that it had been over 3 years since we lived in Philly we decided before leaving we would have Geno's when we saw it at the airport. What a mistake.

$18 for cheese fries and one mushroom steak and cheese (whiz) philly cheesesteak. Overpriced. They don't have cups for water and were quite rude when we asked for that. 

Steak was full of gristle and bland. Bread was stale. 

Tourist trap to the extreme and this cemented that we do not miss Philly food. I had forgotten how much I dislike a philly cheesesteak and esp. one from Geno's.

If you find yourself stuck in the PHL airport on a Sunday so Chick fil A is not open, there are plenty of options that would be better than Geno's for food.
I could not decide whether I should get Geno's or Chik-fil-A. I've had Geno's and Pat's at the original stores, and I was not sure if Geno's at the airport would be of the same quality. 
I saw a guy eating Geno's next to me and it didn't look that bad, so I decided to take a risk and get a sandwich.
I asked the cashier to get my sandwich double wrapped as I was hoping to take it on the plane, but of course she didn't do it. The sandwich wasn't bad honestly. The workers here don't seem to love their jobs, they seem more interested in chatting with each other. They did do their jobs, but lacked passion. 
I brought these sandwiches back to Boston, stuck them in the oven, and they turned out surprisingly decent. 
Also, they do take credit cards. A basic philly cheesesteak sandwich with cheese whiz is $11+ tax.
Wow, these reviews here are colddd... luckily, the steak I ordered wasn't. We arrived early for our flight from Philly to San Diego and wanted to eat before boarding. I wanted to try Geno's mainly because it was a brand name, and although it wasn't as boujee as the first Philly cheesesteak I tried (Cleavers), I still thought it was a pretty decent steak.

I ordered the traditional Philly Cheesesteak "wit whiz" so it came with fried onions and cheese whiz. Apparently this is the true way a cheesesteak should be ordered so I figured might as well do as the locals do. 

The cheesesteak was appropriately portioned and was heftily stacked. The meat, although a bit dry, was still of decent quality in my book. 

The price was roughly the same as the ones you can find in the city so airport pricing wasn't in effect. Lots of seating as this place is part of the terminal food court. 

Solid place I'd say, but what do I know, I'm only a San Diegan!
I stopped by here earlier today while on a layover in PHL.  During a previous layover here I had noticed Geno's steaks and so I made the trek over from Terminal F (~.6 miles each way or you could take the shuttle bus) in order to waste some time and get a cheesesteak.  This particular restaurant is located in the food court between terminals B and C and so there's not much to say about it.  You walk up to the counter and place your order (they have signs to help you) and then you walk around to another counter and wait for your number to be called.  There is a sign there to have your receipt out and ready which the guy handing me my cheesesteak took seriously even though I was the only person there.  Fair enough.  Service here was quick and what I would expect. From ordering to walking away with my meal took less than 5 minutes.  I then took it back to Terminal F before trying it.  Honestly, I wasn't that impressed with it.  The roll that the cheesesteak was on had a nice chew to it which I personally prefer in a sandwich.  Then the wiz was easily the best decision I made as it was smooth and had a good flavor to it with a little spice as well.  It was the meat that really let it down as it was dry and really, really chewy.  Surprisingly it didn't have any taste either and so anytime I got a bite without cheese, it just wasn't enjoyable.  I also did grab some of their hot sauce and wow, that stuff is legit.    It was thick like a ketchup and had a really good kick/burn to it.  Honestly, I don't know how much of it I could eat and after my first large bite or it, I didn't use it anymore.  However I could see someone who really loves spicy stuff completely digging this hot sauce.

The bottom line for me is that I wouldn't stop by here again in the future.  The meat here just didn't impress me and I would be interested to see how it stacks up against the real ones in South Philly.
Stopped by Geno's thinking I'd get a great Philly cheesesteak. Instead, I got a below average cheesesteak. When I was standing in line staring at the menu, my daughter mentioned that this place only earned a two-star rating. Unfortunatley, I ignored her comment, given Geno's reputation and the fact that I've had a great Geno's cheesesteak before at a free standing store. I went ahead and ordered a cheesesteak with mushrooms, onions, and peppers. It wasn't a bad sandwich. But it was a bit dry and lacking the flavor I was seeking. The only flavor I noticed was in the sweet peppers that I paid extra for. It just didn't meet my expectations. As we continued walking through the airport, we passed a different cheesesteak restaurant that had a long line. We'll know next time!
Where's the beef?

Very very light on the meat... Ends up that a Cheese Whiz and fried onion roll can be pretty good.

So disappointed for $11. Huge rip.

Do not fall into this tourist trap.
If you are going to insist on not chopping your steaks, can you please not use a 3 X cooked slab of rubber. I was so excited  to see what I thought was going to be a decent steak joint in the main terminal only to be extremely disappointed with the sad state of the meat, and the bread was also not fresh. Seriously there was no line and so I thought I would be getting a fresh sandwich only to watch in horror as they pulled a slab of already cooked meat from a metal tin on top of the grill, so this thing was cooked, put into a warm water bath and then cooked again. two bites in and I couldn't rip the gristly slab of of tasteless meat apart with my teeth and it popped out of the roll and hit me in the face. When your food slaps you, it is typically over so in the trash bin it went.
Take the bus to Terminal F and grab a sandwich at Tony Lukes. Or go to Sbarro and grab a slice of cardboard with cheese, it's still better.
Want a really bad cheese steak? The worst in Philadelphia? Buy this.

The bread is OK but the cheese is tasteless, might as well not even be there. The meat is like what you would get in a frozen Philly cheese steak mix at the grocery store.

Absolutely the worst cheese steak in Philadelphia. Anyone here in the comments saying "when in Rome" NO. The cheese steaks in Rome likely put this garbage dump to shame.
If I could give a negative star rating, I would!!  This is what happens when you franchise out and get too big for your britches!  I am going to guess Geno has never eaten at this location because if he did, he would know his reputation is at stake.  This location preys on people who are new in town and think they are getting an authentic cheese steak based on the name but by far this the worst cheese steak in the state of Philadelphia.  The bread was like microwaved rubber, you could not bite or tear it with your hands.  The meat must have been defrosted three times.  After one bite it went back over to Geno's and the person at the counter just shrugged their shoulders and said "there is nothing I can do."  From there, the cheese steak went right into the trash.  Save your money and eat anywhere else but this place or if you have money to throw away, just send it to me.
How these are a thing still is beyond me. I haven't been to Philly since I was a kid so I stopped here during a layover to Madrid and wow... what a lackluster feeling after eating that thing. 

The presentation leaves little to be desired... and the flavor sealed the deal. 

I would say just spend your $10 elsewhere in the airport when you're here. These steaks are just not worth the price nor wasted tummy space that could have been used more wisely elsewhere on a meal that I would have actually been satisfied by.
I'm writing on the airport location...same cups and logo as pictured here.  Huge disappointment. I could have said 1 but I think they have hope. They don't cut their steak and cook w cheese in it. To my surprise, it was like 4 steak um slices and cheese (not melted) laid on top. The meet is tasteless....maybe ketchup will doctor it up though I usually don't use it. $12 for this sandwich....go anywhere else and you'll have better food and $5 left over.
Wait until you are out of the airport to try a Philly cheese steak. 

This is bad! Service wasn't bad when I was there, but the sandwich was. Stale bread, tough meat, dry as hell and no flavor.
Out of my expertise, but a solid stop in between terminals - cheesesteak w provolone dosed it in hot sauce and had agreen cherry pepper on the side. Ate it on the plane w  Brad Pitt and a diet coke. Good. Solid setup before delving into the night. Haters go home.
This was the worst I've ever had.  Rather have a microwave one from the freezer.  

Apathetic and slow service. 

Thickly slides super fatty meat.   Does its namesake a disservice.  Very disappointing.
This places has to be the worst place to get a Philly cheese steak in Philly. Steak was tough, cheese was cold, bread was stail, and it was really expensive. Pick something else. anything else. Don't make the same mistake I did.
Having a layover at philly, the first thing i did was try a philly cheesesteak at the airport location. For the amount of people waiting in line to order a cheesesteak the employees work really fast to give everyone order. 

The only downside is that i have actually been the geno steaks outside of the philly airport and they serve their cheesesteak with alot more steak. So Geno Steaks in the airport was not serving the same amount. 

Overall i am not from philly, but it was great to have a cheesesteak, within walking distance from my terminal.
Always a go to stop when I have a layover at PHL. Very consistent and big portions. The hot sauce is to die for. The peppers add an additional kick to each bite. Little expensive but still a good tradition for me.
Okay. You come to Philly and you hear about Geno's and hear about all the buzz about a Philly cheesesteak. We've flew back in from Rome, Italy and i was excited about the layover in PHL to grab Philadelphia Philly since I'm from the South. 

We stop at GENOS, wait like 25 mins. On my first bite i could tell the bread was stale. The meat was dry. I turn to my friend and say:

"I've had better cheesesteaks at a gas station than this place."

I don't usually do this but i go to the manager and say "Hey, I'm not one to fuss about food but this bread is pretty stale." 

He turns to me and says "well when'd you buy it?" Taken back i respond. "30 seconds ago". 
He continues, "well it's fresh then, all our bread is the same. You can get back in the end of the line and see if the next one is better."

I look at him, with no words left, throw the piece of shit Philly in the trash. 

End of story: DONT GO TO GENOS. EVER. LOOK AT THEIR RATING. NO ONE LIKES THEM.

I just thought I'd give them a chance. But I'm never going back now.
The line went pretty fast, the guy who took my order was friendly. I got a cheesesteak whiz wit (with onions) and a bottle of water. Total price was $13.20, not bad for the airport. The steak was tasty, not fatty at all, and hot off the griddle. I would definitely go back. It hit the spot for that flavor I was dreaming about! It's in the food court on concourse B, next to Chick Fil A, Subway, Wendy's, a Chinese place and one other restaurant. Lots of seating and good natural light, but I didn't see any power outlets.
I came as a tourist to a tourist attraction. I'm sure there are better cheesesteak places in Philly. That said I liked it. I was here for work so we got in teams of two and compared this place with another nearby place. These fries were better, and the sandwich was okay. It's a cool area and you get a better feel for the real city even though this is a tourist place. If I came back to Philly I'd probably go somewhere else, but this is a cool place to come try out.
I never understood the hype about Geno's in South Philly, but being in the airport in the morning, I saw they had some cheaper breakfast steak options that I couldn't pass up! You get a 6 inch with plenty of meat, free cherry peppers, condiments etc and toppings for 5-7 bucks depending on what you want on it. I got the 9th street special, with pork, beef, cheese, onions, and egg for 7. 

While you can get cheaper sandwiches at Subway, this one was so meaty and drenched in pork juice, but the presentation and the way the cheese pretty much fell off of the egg immediately wasn't ideal. The wait is also pretty long because they seem to cook the meat one person at a time. Fresh I guess? Could be more efficient. 

Not as bad as what other reviews are saying: Cheesesteaks are supposed to be messy! Needed to add salt and pepper but after that, I enjoyed it. Bread is a little to  soft for the juiciness they're adding. Plain steaks probably would be bland though, add salt and pepper to make it your own!
I haven't been to the mothership in a while, but this branch reminds me of it. The meat is very well done and not seasoned so you will want to add salt and pepper to taste before taking your cheesesteak to go... I had the classic cheesesteak with wiz and onions.
1.) cold off the grill
2.) little to no meat
3.) cold raw onion
4.)fuck this place
5.) the cook has no place behind that grill pass him the broom. Don't fire him he seems like a nice guy.
Wish I saw the reviews before I ate here. It was my first time in Philly so I went with the Philly Cheesesteak... I should have gone to the Subway next to it, their cheesesteak tastes better. The sub roll needs to spend about 15 seconds on the grill so it is nice and crunchy... this would have improved it... the mushrooms are nasty canned versions... yellow in color. The meat is tasteless...  seriously, what cheesesteak place doesn't have a premium mayo for their subs? Generic no name mayo packets for you! Meh.
Horrific reviews on this place, but when you're in a hurry and don't want a fast food chain, you subject yourself to risk sometimes. This time it paid off. I never got to try a roasted pork while in Philly, so this was my chance. The service seems painfully slow, with 20+ people waiting for their Cheesesteaks, so I thought the pork would be faster. But they stick to numerical order here and it's painful to see how slow they move. But when I finally got my roasted pork sandwich it was absolutely fantastic. The pork was so tender and juicy, and the sweet peppers were actually sweet like they were simmered in a sugary bath. There were no condiments but honestly, none were needed. This sandwich was better than any Cheesesteaks I ate while in town.
Food bomb but hella rude person taking the order .

They need to have better service but I guess they don't care because people still going to order the food so there like plok it
I just waited 20+ mins as the sloths behind the grill cooked one sandwich at a time.  In an effort to catch my flight (for which I should have had PLENTY of time), I left before my $18 order was ready.  What a God awful level of service.  If I could find a way to contact Genos and let them know about their maddening suck factor, I would.
So if you want a cheesesteak at PHL airport, this is your option. It's greasy and yet not overly tasty. The cheese fries also disappointed. They do have free hot peppers which is nice. Service was lackluster.

Even in the context of airport food, I don't think I can recommend this place. Next time it will be either Subway or ChickFilA which are both next door.
Does not live up to the name of "philly cheesesteak." Mushrooms were soggy, tasteless, and probably canned. The "steak" was m ore like thin slices akin to what one would find at hot pot. The beef was tasteless and difficult to chew. One of the worst foods I have had the displeasure of tasting for $12, or twice the cost of a real, quality sandwich.
Ugh what the hell happened to this place? Literally opened a couple months& they're going downhill. The meat tastes cold& uncooked, thick, with fat& I think cartilage. It doesn't look too appetizing as well. The onions and the mushrooms are good but for some reason, altogether taste really bland. I thought this place was going to be mindblowingly good. I guess airport food are always going to be terrible because the people who work there will probably only see you once and you won't be a return customer& they know this so they don't care about the food they make for you. They do a half ass job. If you have high standards, don't come here. You can find somewhere else to quench your tastebuds.
Let down. I was in a hurry to catch my next flight and thought Philly... Philly cheesesteak! And with their convenient location in the airport I was able to grab a sandwich without little delay. Should have known better since there was NO line. But that pic of JT visiting a Genos (obviously not the one at the airport) lured me in I got a mushroom steak with provolone. I love all three of those things, especially put together.  Well let me tell you, the sandwich was cold, there was barely any cheese (and not melted), can't really go wrong with mushrooms but overall the sandwich really sucked. If it weren't for their hot sauce  (which I think was just tapatio put in their squeeze bottle) it would've been inedible. 

And I know Genos is like the it's it of Philly cheesesteaks but you can't cut all those corners and still have it be as good. Seriously take the time and at least heat up the food.
Stopped at the famous Geno's steak in the airport.... Nothing like the real Geno's downtown... Not only are they slow- with 4people cooking and 2 cashier.   I asked if the onions are cooked she yes....not! Guess I'll have  heart burn the rest of the day.   The ..I guess... The manager is stocking the condements I said good morning hows it going... He just looked up and ignored me... the staff looked like they where on downer drugs...The cheese steak was some kind of processed meat. Had no taste. Oh well just want stop here again. For sure.
The worst! Extremely rude Rude RUDE staff! I would NOT recommend this place. I had to select a star but it's really zero stars. Terrible experience.
Cheesesteak was ok. A little pricey but that's expected at an airport. I won't go back on principle. The guy with the dark hair and goatee is a complete douche. Needs to look up the definition of customer service.
I do agree with some of the reviews posted here about this Gino's steaks. I will say that the cheese fries were excellent! They were greasy, salty, crispy and cheesy all at once. I definitely recommend these at this location. As far as the cheesesteak goes, it had both good and bad things about it. The good things: the bun was fresh and soft, the beef was quality and seasoned. The bad things: the sub was not hot at all. It was lukewarm at best, also the cheese was not melted. I saw them making the pizza steak that I got. The worker spread the pizza sauce on to the bun and then laid cheese slices on top of it. The cheese did not melt, as the steak was not very hot. I think if this sandwich was an appropriate temperature it would've been good.
The food was okay. I ordered a Philly cheesesteak with Provolone and onions. The meat could use a little more seasoning and more cheese on the sandwich as a whole. I added mayo to spicy it up. Overall it's a decent spot while traveling through the airport.
A joke when compared to the original Geno's in Philly

Roll was stale
Hardly any steak. It looks like the cook was counting the thin slices

Never again
Friendly staff, and great cheesesteak. Every time I connect through Philadelphia I stop to grab a sandwich or three. It's the perfect souvenir to take home to the family!
Disgusting! Don't do it! I threw it in the trash. Steak was tough enough to use as shoe leather. Bread not toasted, cheese not melted, raw onion chunks were completely uncooked, forgot my mushrooms. You can see the employees have a total "I don't give a damn attitude" I should've listened to my gut instinct and kept walking. Take the bus down to terminal F to Tony Luke's cheesesteak, it's a thousand times better!! Please trust me.
Slow service ever.   Should be embarrassed.    They don't care. 4 people behind counter + 2 cashiers.   Couldn't understand cashier.   Asked for sweet tea; got unsweetened. Steak was tasty, but roll subpar.  They have a captive audience and know it. 
Will not go back.
I probably should have checked the reviews on this place before I tried it. Whomp whomp whomp.   I was advised to try a Philly cheesesteak since I was stuck in philly on a layover.....this was a major disappointment. I had a phillysteak with American cheese as advised by the cashier. Every thing about it was lackluster. The bread was chewy, meat under seasoned. Just no all around. I'll have to make another trip to philly and venture into the city to get the real thing.
Terrible terrible terrible. Worse Philly cheesesteak sandwich I've ever had and the only ones I've ever had have been out side of Philly. I want my money back. 
The bread was like rubber... not enough cheese. WAAAAY too much pepper which made the whole sandwich cold and soggy.
The worst cheese steak ever. This gives Philly a bad name.  Nowhere near an original.  

Tasteless meat, bread is cold and just almost stale. Even the fries taste bad. 

The sandwich had one piece of meat vs a roll that overpowered the meat. 

Should have walked back to complain.
If you want the iconic Philly Cheese steak, go else where.

Dry bread.

Very few onions. 

Cheese not melted.

Very little taste.
Are you kidding me? THIS is supposed to be legendary?  It was decent but very ordinary. I've had better cheesesteaks in just about any local sub shop in Massachusetts.  The bread is blah and the steak is tasteless. Mushrooms were good.
Not a very good cheesesteak at all.  I was looking forward to visiting Philly and comparing Pats to Genos but they were both horrible.  Service was okay but the actual cooking of the steak was trash.  Why is cheesesteak so damn dry?  There was absolutely no seasoning for the meat and the roll was hard.  I will try other spots the next time I come into town and avoid this tourist trap.  Very underwhelming.
Grabbed a cheesesteak on my way to my gate which was half mile away. $18 with fries and soda. Geno's right so it's worth it. NOT! Got to my gate and opened my sandwich. Too many peppers so I opened it up to take some off. NOT ONE PIECE OF MEAT on the entire sandwich. All peppers and onions with two pieces of provolone. What a rip-off. No time to go back so I was stuck
Flying through Philly, my next flight offers dinner but I was hungry. And hey, I'm in Philly, so can't go wrong with Geno's, right? I do love a good cheesesteak.

Now I'm looking forward to dinner on my flight.

Quantity of meat was quite good-- no flavor and overcooked, though, you basically have to drown it in condiments. Order taker suggested the provolone, I couldn't taste it. Bread was hard, no way that was made in house anytime recently. 

Tip: if you want a better Philly Cheesesteak, go two doors down to Subway and order a Tuna melt.
I was excited to see Geno's at the airport!  After traveling to Philadelphia for work, I ran out of time to make it to the original location for the World's Famous Cheesesteak, but desperately wanted to try one while in town. With that said, I haven't had an original to compare the airport version to, but would hope that quality would be consistent no matter what. I ordered one with whiz, peppers, onions, and mushrooms... and just wasn't impressed. Not terrible, but not the kind of experience that would put the place on the map. I'd be willing to give them another go when I'm back in town, but this time I'll make it down to South Philly and skip the airport spot.
Just ordered 2 cheesesteaks and fries from Geno's in Philadelphia's airport.  They rang me up for one.  When I told about they were rude about the mistake that made.  Your customer service at this location sucked.  Sandwiches did too.
Bottom line first:  it's not as good as the original, but good if you need a steak fix. 

So I finally got back to my hometown, however briefly, during a transit through the airport. After a kick-in-the-nuts encounter with TSA (see my tip there), we stumbled upon Geno's at the food court within the B/C Connector. Initially, I balked at the idea of getting a steak there, as I wasn't too hungry and more of a Pat's guy anyway. Furthermore, we only had 15 minutes to get to our gate, and the line seemed long. However,  the wise one told me to get it, as she knew I hadn't had anything near an authentic Philly cheesesteak for quite a long time, and she noted that the orders seemed to get filled pretty fast after they are placed. Of course, she's right. She's always right. 

I decided to go with the mushroom steak, needless to say with authentic Whiz Wit. The cashier looked worn but was still friendly, and the good vibes continued with the server, as she complimented my shirt while handing me my steak. I did manage to take a couple of bites right before boarding. 

Did I have a religious experience and converted to a Geno's guy?  No. 

Did I enjoy my mushroom cheesesteak?  Yes. 

Did I think this $12 steak was a great value, especially considering that my AA flight to LAX served NO complimentary food while offering a fruit and cheese plate for $8?  Absolutely--especially considering that it's airport food that satiated both of us for the way home. 

Honestly, I think the franchise won a few points with me after this encounter, but I will still very much look forward to having a more authentic experience next time, whenever I get to come back to my City of Brotherly Love again. 

#FlyEaglesFly
This was a complete disappointment. I am flying home from vacation through the Philly airport and wanted one more cheesesteak before I flew home to Florida. I didn't get a cheesesteak though, I got a roast beef sandwich on a stale roll. Not only was the food disappointing, so was the service. After placing my order, the person handed me a receipt to use to pick up my receipt. However, she handed me a receipt for someone else's order. When trying to pick up my order, another worker went back and forth with me about what I ordered and gave me an attitude when I wanted my correct order. My brother also placed an order after mine. He ordered American cheese but the person charged him extra for cheese wiz. When he caught the mistake (after fully paying for the order), the person refunded him some money but not the full amount. She did not seem to understand that she gave the wrong amount but it wasn't forth continuing to argue. If this restaurant is a representation of Geno's in south Philly, I definitely won't be going there.
Quick pit stop at Geno's Steaks for a Philly Cheese Steak. Average food and average service.
So I'm no expert on cheese steaks, but I figured... "I have a layover in Philly. Why not?" BAD IDEA! 

The steak meat wasn't chopped up and it was bland. The cheese fries, simply put, JUST STAY AWAY FROM THEM! 

I didn't enjoy this place at all.  Try ANYTHING besides this place as an option.

A friend suggested PAT's... but that's outside the airport. I'll know next time.
If I could do less stars I would. This is the worst place I have ever been. If you enjoy your body and don't want to hate yourself, DON'T EAT HERE!!! On Saturday I was flying back from a wonderful spring break with my friends and we thought "the best way to be in philly is the have a cheesesteak". We both were wrong. My friend got sick as soon as we got to O'Hare and I didn't get sick until I got home that night. That whole night I had the worst stomach pain in my life and got sick a lot. It was to the point where I decided to go to the ER because I thought something else was wrong. Turns out I have a really bad case of food poisoning. It's been 2 days and I'm still aggressively sick. 

DON'T EAT HERE!!!
Meh i have never ate a really Philly cheesesteak but i wouldn't come here again . Wasn't a big fan .  Pretty expensive as well . Will not be coming here again .
Nope! We tried both and Pat's is much much better and fresher! The lady at the register was awful and rude. The only good thing is that you can modify it more than at Pat's but, hands down skip the uncomfortable bright lights and cross the street to Pat's.
Terrible example of a cheesesteak 

Over greasy  and tasteless. You should stick to the basics in an airport. 

The roast pork hAd more fat than pork in It. 

Skip this place and wait in line for chik fil a 

That also don't pay any attention to what they aRe actually giving you.
First time eating a Philly Cheese steak from Philly. I came into eat at this airport location with the following knowledge;

I am no stranger to the fact that when you take a well know restaurant and add it to an airport, you don't get what you expect and certainly don't get that you pay for. Quality and dedication to food is alway suffers when you lose control of who prepares the food. Most if not all airports use one company to employ all restaurant employees. That being said these employees could be working at different restaurants during any given month or even day. 

As for the food, it's was ok... I got the Steak with Wiz ( that would be cheese Wiz for those who don't know the lingo). I opted out of onions or other add ons so I could get a better tastes of the meat it self. The meat was a little greasy , lack some flavor, but wasn't bad. The bread was soft and wasn't bad. They could have added more Wiz.  

Over all it was ok, I'd like to try it at the original location to compare. I think the biggest issues was there wasn't a uniform taste throughout the sandwich.
Food was good. Cashier was friendly but I asked for a drink and she didn't add it to my order. I thought I was going to get a cup when my food came out, assuming I had ordered a drink. Guy who gave me my food was rude when I asked about a cup. Oh well. At least they didnt charge me for it, and I wasn't trying to get a free drink nor did I. But ol boy didn't know that and was still an a**hole. Guess there is no southern hospitality in Philly.
It's a Philly cheesesteak. No fluff added. Straight up greasy cheesesteak with Whiz. Industry Standard edition. Best after a night of serious drinking. Take it or leave it. But this is the staple in Philadelphia heritage.
I was anxious to get a Philadelphia Cheesesteak sandwich while I was here in the airport. When I came across Geno's I was pretty excited. I wondered why there was no line while everyone was waiting in a long line next door at Chick-fil-A. I ordered the steak sandwich with onions, cheese wiz, and mushrooms. It was very chewy and fatty. It tasted like the meat had been around for awhile. Very disappointing.
This place is awful! Do not eat here! I was so excited to try a Philly cheesesteak and this was unedible! I had to buy lunch at the Chick-fil-A next door. Everything was gross and cold. Meat was old, mushrooms are canned and the cheese wasn't even melted. Horrible!
