The best Sicilian pizza with extra sauce was delivered to me this eve. It came hot and fresh with a great amount of cheese. Delivery man used excellent touch-less delivery method! You can tell the team is conscious of maintaining great sanitation standards!

That pizza was the best thing that happened this week! Thanks team at Giovani's for putting a smile on this world worn face. The world would be infinitely worse without good Sicilian pizza and Giovani's nailed it!
We stopped in here after a full day of walking, eating and drinking in Philadelphia. We needed a little bit of a snack before heading home and were hankering for Mediterranean.
This was not what I expected. It was more like a pizzaria with a bar in the back. What is this place...
Are you a pizzaria? Are you a Greek restaurant? Are you a sports pub? Are you a hookah bar? Are you a cheap pick up spot? Ugh!
I really was uncomfortable here. And if it wasn't so late and limited in choices, I would have skidaddled out of there asap. 
Alas, we stayed for mediocre food and drinks in abysmal atmosphere. I will never go back.
Few things to know:
- Inexpensive pizza.
- Huge stromboli. ( I ordered two: steak and chicken, both were not tasty enough to be re-ordered. 
- Free and fast delivery via eat24 (min $10). Take advantage of the $2 coupon offered usually on the weekends.

Three Yelps.
This review is for the delivery I got today: 20 hot wings, mozzarella sticks, slice of sausage and cheese sicilian pizza, cheeseburger, and israeli salad. Service and delivery was fast and friendly but there's not one item that makes me want to do business with them again. The wings were soft and needed more sauce. The breading on the moz. sticks was too salty. The pizza needed more cheese and the texture of the crust reminded me of indian pancake. My cousin had the burger. He said it was not good. The israeli salad was a side of tomatoes, cucumber, parsley, and black pepper with no dressing. They charged me $4 for half a pint of that!!!!  I don't think the majority of the positive reviews here is from real customers.
Food has been consistently good!  We've ordered many different items and can rely on Giovani's.
I love this place! The staff is great & the owner is very hands on and accomodating. No matter how crowded it is or how busy it gets, the owner always speaks & lends a hand.

I have frequented this place for lunch & have never been disappointed by the food or service.  The pizza is fresh, innovative, and great! I love the pepperoni pizza, it is spicy & cheesy! I often try the various salad and love that they are served with garlic knots. The salads come with assorted mixes greens, cucumbers,  peppers, onions. I often get the grilled chicken salad or buffalo salad,  both are delicious.  

The only drawback for me, is the limited dessert menu. While I often go for lunch, dessert would only be a special treat. This place is a must try if you are in the center city area.
I used to come here a lot on lunch break when I used to work in Center City for years. I usually get a slice of pizza. Service is usually good whenever I come here. I like how they made this place into a bar. Maybe I'll come back at night.
I love Giovani's, from inexpensive lunches, to a quaint quasi-sports bar tucked into Chestnut Street, to a late night pizza trip, Giovani's is one of my favorite spots in Center City.

Pros:

The quick food is delicious.  A myriad of pizzas, strombolis and other items are quickly heated up and ready to eat in 10 minutes.  Great for a quick lunch stop.  

The bar food is perhaps a bit more advanced, but nothing amazing that isn't made in the very obvious kitchen.  Has the feel of a regular pizza joint, but the food and ambiance are a bit nicer.

The bar is comfortable and enjoyable with regular tables behind it.  

Nice little Happy Hour specials.  Not amazing, but good with their inexpensive food items.  Also, good for late night pick-up!

Cons:

The set-up for the bar, pickup counter, and tables is a bit weird.  I think they're dealing with the space they have (very long, not very wide).  it works, but is a little hard to move about.

Their "delivery" system to people eating pizza inside is kind of unclear.  I think the numbering system might work well here.

I think they could do a lot more with the bar, but to each his own.  I'd also like more beer options, but for a place like this, it's easy to overlook and not expected!

Conclusion:  Whether it's lunch or a late night stop, drinks or not, Giovani's is a great little Center City spot that it's the spot!  It's my go-to Pizza in CC that isn't pretentious, over-the-top or expensive. I come back frequently!
This is a pizza place with a bar in the back. But more than that. The bar is a great sports bar. They have excellent vegetarian menu with falafel and some of the best hummus and tomato cucumber salad. The pizza is really good too. We like coming here because the prices are reasonable, food is great, service is good, chill atmosphere. I highly recommend.
This review is solely for ordering slices and eating them there on a Saturday afternoon during lunch.

We got a full pie for four people and two large drinks and it came to $20.

Pizza was cooked just right, with a great crispy crust, tasty sauce and the right amount of cheese, served piping hot which the kind gentleman was nice enough to bring to a table we sat at in back.

Interesting that there's a full bar in the back- I can't imagine this place would get a hoppin' drinking crowd on weekend nights, but who knows.  There's also a random sign saying they have hookah for $20, which is strange.  

Decor is exposed brick and trendy low lighting, which is a unique choice for a pizza joint.

Would definitely be back if I was in the area and needed a quick bite, but no different than any other pizzeria in the city, really.
Won a pizza on their Instagram, but decided to pick up some wings and garlic knots as well to round out the night.
Pick up was super easy, and it looks like they have a lot of space outside for outdoor dining. The pizza was so big and packed with meatball, pepperoni, jalapeno, and mushroom, but stayed together on a strong, deliciously seasoned crust. Wings were a great flavor- standard hot buffalo, and a good amount of meat on the bone.  Fries were cheesy with the "worx"- pepperoni, 2 cheeses and homemade fries. Knots were huge and buttered with so much garlic. 

For the location, the prices are pretty insane, and the quality is even better. I think I'll be back very soon- the hike into Center City is worth it, and they even have free delivery currently if you live not too far away!
It's hard to find good pizza in philly but this place does philly pizza justice. I've been here a few times and every time I come, I have a happy belly. We order two slices and they messed up my friends slice, but when she told them, they did not argue and were quick to give her the right slice. 

They have a bar in the back, so they serve average priced beers and there's TVs as well. I wouldn't recommend this place to necessarily go out at night, but I think this is a great place to grab a quick bite and a few beers and hang out before going out.
So impressed with Giovani's bar and grill! The delivery guy was busy and the manager went out of his way to deliver our pizza to my apartment personally. So refreshing to see such great customer service. The pizza was delicious. We had the BBQ chicken and Hawaiian pizza. Will be making sure to come back soon. Thanks Giovani's!!
One of the first places I fell in love with since moving to Philly. A great place to stop in for a few city wide's and some great slices. Since we are slowly opening up I decided to pay my good friends a visit the other afternoon. We stopped in and were taken care of by Ricky. Always a great time being served by him, he's always on it and very personable. 

For food, we went with our favorites. The BBQ Chicken Pizza Slice is my highest recommendation. It's made so well, specifically the BBQ sauce - not to sweet, not to spicy. Also, their Philly Cheese Steak Egg Rolls are another great one for the table. They come in large cut up pieces of a crispy and large egg roll; filled full with a great seasoned meat and delicious cheese! Last, can't go wrong with their Classic Cheese Slice, which recently got a 7.4 rating by BarStools.com 

Don't forget, Gio's also has a full bar inside. Great place for Game Day's; especially once things open back up. Love their $5 city wides and they usually do a shot of the day too for a similar price. Plus they have a great beer selection!
A wonderful cheesesteak and beer oasis at 1533 Chestnut in Center city. The cheesesteak was very tasty but small but inexpensive especially considering you're in Center City. The beer was priced right. Big screen TVs and you don't feel like you're in Center City. I liked it. Finding a parking spot on Chestnut helped the whole experience.
Tonight I ordered delivery from Giovanis. I always see great reviews of their pizza and wanted to give it a try.

Placed an order of wings and Sicilian pie - was not disappointed! The Sicilian pizza was amazing - the dough is thick and like pizza (not bread). We had half plain - half pepperoni, and both were great. The sauce is the perfect tang for Sicilian. 

The wings were okay - we ordered hot buffalo wings, and they were good - just didn't live up to the same expectation as the pizza! Overall the food was on time, super quick delivery and great experience.
Pizza by the slice, Open late when everything in Center City is closed. And the pizza is delicious. One thing is that in packing the cheese to go, they stuck wax paper on it, which took the cheese off. But it is quite delicious anyway. If you stay and eat in, there is a bigger menu including vegetarian options and alcohol.
Great staff and good pizza. This is a great place for delivery pizza. One time the delivery guy couldn't make it to our house on time so the owner came to deliver it himself which earns the five stars alone. The pizza and food are pretty good. The ingredients are fresh. One thing I would say it is a little two loud when you sit in the restaurant part. Their was music that drowned out the conversation of the table but other than that it's great. 

I recommend trying the Hawaiian or the bbq pizzas. Yum.
FUN FACT: I've never stepped inside this restaurant before! I always order their large pizza for takeout and it always reminds me of home (NYC). Since living in Philly, I've tried numerous pizza spots, but nothing ever came close to NYC pizza like this establishment. Is it perfect? NO, but it's good enough and I've never ordered from another place since finding this one. The delivery guys are very quick (~30 mins) and my pizza always comes piping hot!
I ate at Giovani's a few times when visiting Philadelphia. It's a great place to watch a game, meet friends or visit if you're flying solo. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help decide what to order. The prices are very reasonable for their location. I ordered the Garlic Knots, Pepperoni Pizza and Steak Stromboli (Steak, onions, sauce, and cheese). 

Everything was superb! 

I will be back next time I visit town!
Ordered via EAT24. Food came warm, and packaged well. It's a solid pick if you're feeling lazy and want a burger and some wings. The burger was tasty, meat was well-seasoned and peppery. Wings were great; good amount of sauce and not overcooked. It wasn't standout, but it was a good contender. Will have to check this place out in person.
~The pizza is quality made, cold subs are sub-par though. Pre-Ordered online through "slice" & waited 40 minutes for a piece of pizza & onions rings. Couldn't eat it due to lunch break being over by then, although I thought it was nice that the young man gave me a water cup for free.

Update: added 1 star, Manager called me personally & offered a free lunch voucher due to the previous service. I thought that was very respectable & showed excellent customer service by management 

Update #2: Came in for lunch per free lunch voucher, order was on time, I actually enjoyed catching up on the news channel & the exposed brick was an aesthetically pleasing background. The manager checked up on me after my meal. A+ for managements customer service, would recommend the cooks by the door greet customers entering rather than just staring to provide a more welcoming atmosphere.~
We're here from Virginia and ordered due to not having our car to get around and OMG.... we don't want to go home. We are definitely getting pizza and wings to take Home to the kids and will likely plan another trip JUST for Giovani's LOL!!! Great great food! Prices matched what you get. Food was delivered ON TIME and PIPING HOT!!!! Couldn't have asked for a better dinner in an unfamiliar city!!! Thank you thank you thank you!
Giovani's is the best local bar. Good deals, good time, great atmosphere. Highly recommend for a chill night. Ricky and Tommy are the best bar tenders in the city.
It's long overdue for me to give Giovanni's a review. I come here all the time for lunch. Always good for some pizza but also switch it up grabbing strombolis and pasta from time to time. It's an interesting set up for this type of place with the seating area but also having a bar in the back. Apparently there's hookah as well but I'm not sure how and when that's incorporated.

Anyway, it's a very convenient place to grab a slice or anything else you could probably think of. I've always had solid quick service. It's just a very reliable place for me.
I LOVE this bar. I come here like 3 nights a week to work after work hours because the staff is so nice. I a person who enjoys great customer service and good food and drinks, and Giovanni's has all of that. Their Buffalo Shrimp, Truffle Fries, Chicken Caesar Salad, and pizza are all really great. Managment seems to be doing a great job of keeping the employees happy and motivated. 

Shout out to Simon for putting on HGTV because spots aren't always my thing!
Rachel!!! In the key of Rocky's Stella! Rachel is a rockstar but so is everyone at this establishment! Talk about a family feel! This place serves your slice with love! Rachel, the sever is so bubbly and Ricky does not disappoint on the drinks! The pizza Margherita is the best! And my go to entree is absolutely the chicken Alfredo with the garlic knots. They have a happy hour and a few drink specials. Try the coke and fireball. Super good. Due to COVID there's only outdoor dining, which is super chill. You can still enter to order your to go food or pick up orders, but a mask is definitely required and ROCK the bouncer will politely enforce it!! The bathrooms are for patrons  and are usually pretty tidy. When you stop in, tell them Shantell & H sent ya!!
$2.50 gets you a slice of New York-style cheese pizza. $3.25 to $3.50 gets you a pepperoni, sausage, or 1-topping slice. $4 gets you a specialty slice. $3.50 to $4.50 gets you a Sicilian-style slice. $18 to $22 gets you an 18-inch pizza. 

The pizza is cheap, filling, and very delicious. One slice satiates me. Two slices stuff me. There are plenty of topping options, and they make for some interesting flavor combinations. Aside from pizza, the menu has plenty of other food on there too like salads, hoagies, and pasta. I usually stick to pizza since it is ridiculously affordable and always reliable. I like meat so the meat lover pizza is my favorite. The meatball pizza is my second favorite. Chicken and broccoli is an interesting combination for pizza, but it works. Garlic knots and fries are good appetizers that go with pizza.

I usually do take-out, but the bar is a great spot to hang out at. Happy hour is Monday through Friday from 5 to 7 P.M. and is $2 off of drinks. The food is ready quickly. There are plenty of TVs so that you can watch whatever game is on. 

Giovani's Bar & Grill is my favorite pizza place and sports bar in Center City. The only things cheaper than Giovani's pizza slices are fast food and maybe some of the food trucks. For a few bucks, you are getting a quality slice of pizza. There are plenty of options on the menu, but I am going to stick to the pizza because you cannot beat the value that you are getting.
Pizza by the slice, Open late when everything in Center City is closed. And the pizza is delicious. What's there not to like? If you stay and eat in there is a bigger menu including vegetarian options and alcohol
Just visited the new location today and was pleasantly surprised! I had been missing my favorite falafel place all winter and was happy to see it opened and joined with a great pizza place! 

Today we ordered falafel pita sandwiches and a falafel salad! The falafel was great and the the pita sandwich was overflowing :) Both were made to order and the freshness was much appreciated! The salad was gorgeous and tasty! 

We did not have room for pizza but will be back for sure as the pizzas looked great - lots of variety in pie toppings and all were artfully crafted. 

The new location has potential with a modern layout, great food and drinks. We will definitely be back for some more!
Not your average pizzeria, Giovanni's a rare gem hidden in plain sight located in heart of the city. Family friendly sports bar environment. Food is alway amazing and the atmosphere is even better. They take pizza, wings and eggplant park to a whole new level. And if you are a vegetarian, try the hummus, spicy fries and authentic falafel. You will not be disappointed. Great option for good food on a budget. Renee is always attentive and assures that I am satisfied.
So sooo good. We have only had delivery but it was by far the best meal we've had in Philly. Once we get settled in our new home and don't have to worry about leaving our dogs in a hotel room, we will definitely come here for a date night.
I originally left a pretty scathing review of this place due to the 2.5 hour wait I had on my dinner. This was "about a week ago, week ago".  I received a call last night completely unexpected apologizing for the wait because of the hurricane. They said that they had told grub hub about the wait and they apologized that the message had not been relayed to me.  They offered me a discount and hoped that they would retain my service.  You can't control the weather, but you can control your customer service.  Completely turned my opinion of this place around.  Looking forward to giving this place a second try.
Didn't know there was a bar component to this unassuming sliver of store front in center city.  What drew me in here was a bar crawl which offered a shot at this establishment when checking in.  Cool, friendly bar tenders in the back.  Was crowded because of the crawl but fun atmosphere 6pm on a Saturday.  Good pizza by the slice too!
$5 city wides!
Tasty food at a really good price! Ordered the Greek falafel pita AND a stromboli cuz it had been a long day and trail mix was my only previous meal. 

Pita was awesome (maybe some more tzatziki sauce would have been nice) and I downed it quickly. Stromboli was the next to go, but I could only get thru half of it. I gave it a solid run though! 

Still the price was worth it even without the leftovers I know I've got. This place is worth a look if you're in the neighborhood.
Stopped in for a quick piece of pizza.  Lots of choices, friendly, clean!  Did not disappoint.
I ordered delivery for dinner. Eggplant parm with spaghetti and chicken parm with spaghetti. Both were absolutely delicious. It came with braided garlic bread/knot... Yummy! Great portions. Great price. It was delivered in 35-45 minutes after I placed the order, and it was hot! I highly recommend ordering from them for dinner. The next time I'm in the mood for Italian, I'll be sure to eat here again.
Disappointed given the reviews. 8:00 on a Wednesday night. 3 guys on the bar, no one else in the restaurant. Fairly disinterested bartender got me a beer after I made eye contact. Had a slice of the Sicilian pizza. Pretty thick and chewy, not what I was expecting, like a thin " Sicilian" kind of pizza. Crust was hot, toppings were not.  NLDS game 5 on TV but no sound. Just weird kind of techno dance music playing. Pretty boring, substandard food, bartender totally not in to her job, bad vibe.  Won't be back.
Made an account on Yelp just to give this restaurant/bar/PALACE OF AWESOME a review. Let's break down why this place is my new go-to bar in CC:

1. The staff is super friendly. You never have to wait for service, you're always going to get people who ask you how you're doing with a smile, and the bartenders can make literally ANYTHING you ask for.

2. Speaking of the bar, this place has an awesome selection with some of the best prices in this part of town. Glad to see they haven't sold out like some of the other bars in rittenhouse who want to act more "posh" than they are. You get what you pay for at Gio's.

3. The food is phenomenal. The pizza and stromboli are served late, and the Mediterranean menu is authentic, delicious, and fresh. You can actually watch them fry the falafel every day. They also have great sandwiches, bar fare, and some other menu items you normally wouldn't expect (try the nachos, you'll thank me).

4. THEY HAVE HOOKAH.

5. The owner is often around and regularly checks up on customers to make sure their food is good and their drinks are refilled. Not too often you have that kind of service at an established bar.

All in all, Gio's is the spot if you want to have a drink with co-workers, a night out with friends, or just some food and hookah to unwind from the week. 5 stars.
This place gets pretty bumping during the lunch hour.... and for good reason.  Formerly the Falafel Bar, I stuck with the former offerings and opted for the Greek Falafel pita.  Amazing!  Packed with deliciousness and tatziki sauce, this sandwich really got my stuffed. This will definitely be my go-to order from here. And it's only $6, which I think is a great bargain lunch that's NOT from a truck.

I also got the French fries, but found it to be a little too soggy.  This caused the fries to taste like oil. I only got it because I thought the pita wasn't enough food.  But alas, I was wrong. Next time, I'll skip the fries.

Their pizzas look very good and seem to be hot sellers. But the real hit for me was the pita. It took awhile for my order, but there are high top tables and TVs to keep one entertained while waiting.

There's also a bar in the back, so an afterwork visit here is due. Expect an additional update come happy hour season!
Great cheese pizza. Ordered delivery from them. Picky about delivery pizza but theirs was really good. Great cheese to sauce ratio, which lets be honest, is Important
The pizza here is delicious.  If you like a pizza with a crispy crust- this place is the place to go. My personal favorite is their buffalo chicken pizza. I also like the falafel from here, as well as the garlic knots. Never had a bad experience. Every time I craved pizza during my pregnancy I had it from here, and it did not disappoint!
Highly recommend! Great food (I was super impressed with the salad & garlic rolls!), great drinks, great ambiance (TV's, not too noisy) and great service. This is a hidden gem in the heart of center city Philadelphia. You will not be disappointed!
We ordered Pesto Chicken pizza and veggie pizza delivery from Giovani's this weekend and we were really disappointed. Firstly, they claimed 45-60 minutes for delivery and it took closer to an hour and a half. I would have been okay with that had the pizza been good, but it was borderline terrible. The pesto pizza had no pesto on it and the flavor was very bland. The veggie was decent however the olives were extremely overwhelming and it contained mushrooms (which I hate and was not specified on the menu). There are definitely better places to order a cheap pie on a Friday night. I will not be ordering from here again.
We were walking around the neighborhood this past weekend and stopped in for a beer. It's a nice place with a full bar, some tables and several TV's. They primarily serve pizza but also have a few other items like salads, calzones, Stromboli, wraps etc... The bartender was a very nice guy, the place was very clean and the prices are fair. We'll be stopping back for pizza and drafts.
My son and I were in Center City on a Staycation and were in the mood for pizza.  We were going to order from Pizza Hut or Domino's because out here in the 'burbs, those have always been safe bets for us.  For Center City, Yelp told us otherwise, so we checked the reviews and chose Giovani's.  We ordered a large cheese pizza and fries, which they delivered to our hotel.  The pizza was delicious and the fries were good as well.  Hot, fresh, and TASTY!
I enjoy ordering delivery from Giovani's, fortunately I live only a few blocks away.  I like the chicken parm sandwich and the sweet potato fries.  The pizza looks really good too and I'm eager to try it sometime.  The service is friendly and the price is good, reasonable and affordable.  I have never eaten inside, only ordered delivery but it looks like a fun place to try. I will definitely use them again!
I've previously reviewed the Falafel Bar at 3 stars, and haven't reviewed Giovani pizza, but merging them together, and adding a bar, huge TVs, and cheap Happy Hour beer prices deserves 4 stars to me!  What a great idea... Merge both pizza and Falafel, dine-in or carry out, and add beer!?  Genius.  

The pizza is similar to other quick easy pizza places around, lots of choices for carry out during lunch break.  The Falafel is good, I usually get the Falafel pita with hummus and tomato/cucumber salad.  

Now that they have a bar, $3 happy hour beer specials is awesome, and they are open late night now, 2am on Saturday nights to draw the drinking crowd. 

The staff were friendly, pretty awesome explaining the merger and new business.  I hope they do well, ill be back soon!! Can't wait to drink some cheap HH beers :)
Impressed by the service, cleanliness, quality and price of food. Great pizza and great wraps! You can't go wrong with any thing here. My friend had the philly cheese steak and mozarella sticks and ate all without hesitation. Sounds like an A  on that. Very chill place to watch a game! Not bad to go for drinks and get a slice of pizza or wings. 

Recommended by this yelper! :)
This place is awesome!
The girl how works at the bar are so sweet! 
She helps me a lot when I was looking for a different beer the order. 
Ans the food is really good and not expensive. 
Is really near the subway and some good stores to shopping.
Bessssstttttt Calzones and chicken ranch white slices. Great amount of options usually. Chicken Cesar wrapss are muy delicioso. The staff is always super chill and efficient. Decent pricing for center city. I haven't drank at the bar yet, but next time I need a drink ill def try it out.  #bombdiggitydacious
Good solid bar in Philly. They have the NFL Sunday Ticket here. No medium size pizzas as you either have to get an 18 inch or buy by the slice, but their pizza won't disappointed you. Also have a good selection of beers on tap.
I got a cheese and mushroom slice and it was probably one of the best I've ever had. Very chill place. Small and comfortable. Music is just loud enough to hear it and have a conversation with your friend. Full bar and several TVs.
Solid place to eat and order from. Love their vegetarian menu and all their options. Salty fries and great customer service. This is a go to lunch place for me and is good for dinner too. Don't be put off by the entrance- it opens up into a great car in the back.
Ordered on short notice to hotel room when pouring down rain. Excellent pizza and sandwiches for all!!  Highly recommend Giovani's.
I hadn't been expecting to have to get lunch today. The time slipped away from me and suddenly my coworkers had grumbly tummies. They said they were ordering from Giovani's and wanted to know if I wanted something. 
I checked out the menu and saw they had a beyond burger. These I've found to be really hit or miss. I've had some that were amazing(Jerry's Bar) and a few not so much. I even cooked them at home before and had it turn out pretty fantastic. So anyway I made my selection. 
They said 40 minutes for delivery. They called 30 minutes later and said they didn't have any beyond burgers. So since I don't have any dietary restrictions I said fine I'll take a normal burger. They didn't have one of those either. So I was rethinking my shit when suddenly they found one! I was like uh ok. 
After I got off the phone the thoughts started racing through my head. Where did they find the one? Was it under the fridge?
Anyway everything arrived in a very wet paper bag. The fries were wet but very hot. So hot the styrofoam containers were melted. Yet the tastes like they'd been sitting out. 
The beyond burger tasted exactly like a whopper. To a T. So I paid $13.50 for a shitty Whopper. 

Next time if they are ordering from here I'll pass.
I first walked in thinking this was a pizza shop because you see pizza in the front window, but was pleasantly surprised to find out that Giovani's is more than that. This  is a nice bar, with outstanding service, serving up good drinks & food while you watch sports on one of the TV monitors. I've been here plenty of times for lunch and the meat lover's pizza is my usual go-to meal, but they also have good salads and a nice selection of bar foods. You can grab the pizza to go from the front of the house, but I always end up sitting at a table in the bar area even if I just want a slice of meat lover's. I can always count on a good lunch at Giovani's.
This lively Philadelphia bar & restaurant has surprisingly excellent food! As is usual for an Italian restaurant there were pages of pizzas, subs, and pasta. I loved the full vegetarian offerings and halal choices too!
As soon as you enter, you're greeted with a long 20 foot glass counter lined up with every imaginable pizza your heart desires. If you're hungry, you'll stop mid-step to gaze longingly at every pizza pie as you walk down the length of the pizza display to reach the hostess counter at the end. Our first instinct was to order a slice and we did..the cheese was gooey & crust was thin and perfect. We arrived just in time for happy hour and drinks were $2 off. For an app we asked for truffle fries and were treated to delicious hot crispy seasoned fries....for $5, it's got to be the best value/item on the menu. Definitely get these with a beer or Prosecco and you're set. Falafel was crusty and hummus was creamy. The calzone entree was made fresh-a bit of a wait, but I'm told well worth it. We're definitely coming back when visiting Philadelphia! I would have given 5 stars but the wooden 2 seater tables with wood chairs were a bit uncomfortable and our dishes barely fit on the tabletop. Very welcoming and friendly servers made our visit a wonderful date night.

Back in Philadelphia again to catch a matinee Broadway play and of course to dine at Giovani's! Our 2nd time did not disappoint. I ordered the appetizer plate with hummus & falafel. Not only was the hummus creamy and the falafel hot and crispy, the plate was overflowing with pita bread, and fresh cut veggies. The tzatziki cucumber dip is always a treat and I would have asked for more if I wasn't stuffed on this truly comfort food. We sat at the bar this time to eat and catch a taste of the local beer on tap. We enjoyed watching the sports on the many screens. Really relaxing for a Saturday late afternoon.
In town for a conference and ordered delivery to my hotel. Eggplant parm sub was good. Roll was a little over-toasted but otherwise tasty. Also ordered Oreo mousse cake - it was really bland (very few Oreo pieces). Wanted to treat myself but ended up throwing it away. Stay away from dessert and you should be happy.
I came here for a quick bite to eat, and left full and happy! They have an area towards the front  with pizza (around $4 a slice), or you can order something off their Italian menu or Mediterranean menu. Their pizza looked awfully tempting, but so did everything else on the menu so I chose the veggie latke platter instead. For $7.50, it was quite a good amount of food. Not overly much to be stuffed, but definitely a very reasonable amount for the price. The hummus was very good, especially with the warm pita bread. Veggie latkes were pretty good as well. Next time I'm back, I'll definitely try some of their Italian! Overall, good food at reasonable prices.
After walking all over the city, trying to find food after midnight on a Saturday, we wandered into Giovani's. They were out of food, but we were so exhausted after hiking for miles all through downtown, we sat down for cocktails. John took care of us well, plus he was friendly and helpful.

The scene at Giovani's was late night great, reminding me of George Webb's in Milwaukee at 1:00 AM. We had a ball.
Still awesome pizza, I'd the veggie no olives subbed with mushrooms. Oddly there were no onions or tomatoes included on the pie but it was good anyway. The pizza crust is yummy - I do want to know what the difference is between regular and wheat. I always click wheat but I'm pretty sure they don't mean whole wheat cuz the crust looks like white/regular flour. So I am wondering what the two options actually mean.

I also called in an order for onion rings after I clicked send (I ordered through Yelp.) The woman I spoke to was extremely accommodating and everything came as expected.

The delivery folks are always really nice!
Ordered a cheesesteak and a cheese slice for delivery. The sandwich was amazing. Tender, flavorful beef and gooey cheese on amazing bread. 
 The cheese slice was also great- I went into a caRb coma. Rich tomato sauce and tangy cheese. I highly recommend this establishment!
This place is pretty much OK considering the other options in center city. I mostly come here for slices, but have tried their strombolis and wings. My favorite thing to order is a plain slice, which is usually pretty fresh as they have a lot of turnover. They offer many slice options such as plain, pepperoni, sicilian, spinach tomato ricotta, cheesesteak, etc. I would not recommend the wings which looked very good and had a lot of sauce but somehow were not super flavorful and the blue cheese that came with it tasted not super fresh. The stromboli was just ok and I would probably also not order this again. If you are in the mood for some decent pizza slice in center city then I would definitely check this place out.
One of my main places in Philadelphia. Pizza is solid, salads are good and Buffalo cauliflower is great.
Giovanni's is one of the few places that is great at a lot of things. I've ordered pizza and loved it, and also ordered falafel and hummus platters for lunch which were delicious!
Came here for some hookah, drinks and ended up having a cheese steak . Firstly, the service is excellent relatively speaking as there is a bit of "riff raff" which they manage quite well to keep customers happy. Hookah was robust , drinks were strong and the cheese steak was respectable . Overall , solid place for people watching , hookah and good bar food .
Great staff and good food! It's not too big inside of this pretty popular pizza bar and grill. It fills up fast on the weekends and even the daily lunch rush packs the house! The bartenders are super dope (cool) and very accommodating! Security keeps everything intact by strolling around the place chatting with employees and customers. It's a great place to hangout and kill some time or link up with your friends for a great night out!
Drinks are great. Atmosphere is great! The food is amazing! I am a vegetarian and they have a wonderful vegetarian menu which is easily converted to vegan friendly! The Mediterranean Fries and Berry Basil cocktail were the stars of our meal. The bartender Vince was very attentive and accommodating! Perfect to watch the game but still feels like a nice place to have a date!
Cheap food, potential to be very healthy, nice service, looks divey, but doesn't feel that way once you come in. The place deserves more of a 3.5 since it's cheap, but the bacon fries were not that great, and there was a piece of hair in the food. The sandwiches were decent, if I wanted to eat something light and I was in the area I would probably stop by for another veggie sandwich.
Recently ordered delivery from here. Food came quick and was hot. Great pizza! I've also stopped in for random slices in a Sunday night. Great pizza place in the neighborhood. I recommend checking it out.
