The Gleaners and I...a love story...

Moving across the country and missing all of my old haunts has made me really appreciate finding "happy places".  You know, the place you run to when everything sucks and you just want to stab everyone you see.  You know if you go there it's all gonna be ooooookkkkaaaayyy.  The Gleaners totally fits this bill for me.  

From the silly hip kids who cruise up on their fixies, to the delicious vegan goods, to the smiling baristette, to the mondo amazing bagel sandwiches (and I HATE bagel sandwiches), to the light flowing in through the window, to the cute boy customers for ogling, to the ability to step outside and be in the heart of the Italian Market, to not feeling weird about whiling away hours here just trash talking...it is a very happy place for me.  Come here for bad days.  Make them go away.  Find your happy.
Gleaner's Cafe is a little boutique cafe with a very chill vibe.  Good assortment of coffees and teas. They also offer vegan and vegetarian foods and pastries.  The staff is super friendly and atmosphere is very local.  The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 was the fact that they don't accept credit cards.  Cash only!
I'm not one to seek out coffee shops, they annoy me.  Gleaner's was fine though.  Outdoor seating? Yes, kid's table.
I stepped in to get a breakfast sandwich to go while a friend was in line at a specialty meat shop across the street.  I got egg and cheese on an everything bagel.  The bagel was cooked 20 seconds too long (it was a little too dark) but that didn't effect it's taste.  It really was great.  Unfortunately Gleaner's was full of hipsters who go to great lengths to seem like they don't shower every day discussing old technology like it was new.  I wanted to punch my mom's glasses off their faces.  I got out as soon as I could.
Cozy atmosphere, strong coffee, varied selection of both sweet & savory snacks. The baristas are always welcoming and sweet (even though I feel completely out of place not being a hipster). Love the Holy Diver sandwich: roasted peppers, onion, provolone & mustard on a wheat bagel. Check out featured local artists around the shop while you wait - although it's never too long!
Here is a short list of some of my favorite things in the world:

1.) Sandwiches
2.) Coffee
3.) Cats
4.) Beer

... and Gleaner's serves up the first two on that list! The bagel sandwiches are oh-so-yummy. When you order just a bagel, it comes toasted with a huge slab of cream cheese. The owner is also quite friendly and always makes sure that every customer is comfortable. The first time I popped in to Gleaner's for an iced coffee on an exceptionally hot summer day, I decided to stick around and read at one of their outside tables because the atmosphere of the place was just so relaxing and friendly. Also, you get the benefit of sitting right in the middle of the Italian Market. If you sit outside you are pretty much guaranteed to see a friend or two from the neighborhood pass by. I plan on spending lots of time at Gleaner's on my Mondays off this Spring and Summer. Keep the sandwiches yummy and the coffee hot! (or iced.)  :)
always fresh la colombe, the nicest staff ever, the most interesting and esoteric cast of regulars, new art every month and ample outdoor seating! i love this place, seriously, i'm there almost 2 times every day. and i mean EVERY day. and though i have yet to do it, if you order the "holy diver" in the voice of ronnie james dio you get ten percent off!
Gleaner's is my good friend's local coffee shop. I have not been to Philly without a visit to Gleaner's. This is the cafe version of Cheers! Everyone knows your name, what's going on with your life and if they hear a sniffle, they are sincerely concerned for your health. 

The ship itself is king with some tables outside a couple small tables up front and in the back. It's definitely tight quarters...probably not the best for strollers. 

I like the quirky knick knacks around like the cacti and moonshine salt and pepper shakers! For some reason I'm into all things cactus!! The art on the walls in this trip were super bright and colorful pieces made from Anthony K..  I was drawn to the tiger style creature.

Instagram: ak.cosmos

My friend and I ordered bagel sandwiches that are a steal at around $6-$7 buckaroos. I wasn't feeling to adventuress so I decided on the tomato mozzarella. The clerk still threw in the pesto aioli to spice things up for me. When the sandwiches were brought over they came with a KISS.... A Hershey's kiss of course! Very filing and afforable sandwiches. 

La Colombe is the coffee here and it's one of my favorite east coast coffee companies so I'm pretty happy with their choice.
this is my favorite coffee shop in philly. consistently good coffee (free refills on "for here" drip coffee), reasonably priced and tasty food. it is a great place to sit and watch the world go by the italian market. i love the outside seating and you should definitely eat the pain killer bagel sammie. yum. the staff are very nice and always make me feel welcome. my favorite table is the one covered with pictures from where the wild things are.
I usually frequent Italian Market atleast twice a week and Gleaner's has become my happy little coffee spot. Of course the coffee is great and so are the sweets (love the mini cupcakes and cinnamon rolls) but the atmosphere truly makes me smile. It's got personality, I tell ya! (And personality goes a long way...) From the art on the walls, to the Where The Wild Things Are decoupaged table, to the vintage elementary school chairs outside...I love this place. I also appreciate that they are kid friendly, with their shelves of coloring books and their plastic orange jackolantern full of crayolas. 

The only reason I took away a star is because a place that is supposed to be "kid friendly" should have more than a thin cloth curtain concealing the entrance to an extremely dangerous cement stairwell. At first glance, most people would assume that curtain is concealing a storage closet....not a treacherous stairwell to the basement. So, if you bring little ones with you to Gleaner's, watch out! This place could use some child proofing!
I take walks with my friend Mary a couple of mornings a week.  We generally walk to the Italian Market and back home - stopping at Gleaners for a cup of coffee while there.  I never get a hint of recognition despite our frequency.  On the plus side they always have local art displayed and your 10th coffee is free - you can even store your punch card at the desk.  The outdoor seating is plentiful and if it is too packed there is always Anthony's just a few doors down.
Gleaner's is my GO-TO place in the Italian market. The staff is amazingly friendly and so welcoming to pets.  They always have treats at the ready for my dalmatian Gryffin.  I will say to the one review posted previously that this staff really does care about their customers and want to accommodate them in any way, shape or form.  There is a post on the door that dogs are not allowed inside, but the staff allow you to bring them in to order your food.  Then you can go sit outside to enjoy their scrumptious sandwiches.   Especially on high traffic days like the weekends, they can't have dogs sitting inside where people can trip over the dog.  

ANYWAYS, this place is phenomenal. They have such great deals on sandwiches, their bagels are fresh and "The Gleaner" sandwich is by far the greatest sandwich in Philadelphia. That is if you like your mouth to have a party with every bite.  GO here. Stay here.  Come here often.  They deserve every bit of business because they are A-MAZING!
I have been in multiple times and dogs would be sitting inside, chilling, eating bagels served by the staff...i thought this was cute and wanted to bring my dog. I go today and they tell me my dog cannot eat iinside because its against the health code. Wtf. What about every other time i have come. I assume they will let their friends and other mega hipsters bring their dogs and not me?! This was obnoxious. Next time i am in, im taking pics and sending to the health department. Jerks.
i just went for the first time. i just moved to s philly after living in old city for 3 1/2 years. i have been driving to cafe ole' everyday because i couldnt find a good cup of coffee anywhere. (i know i'm snobby like that). i looked up coffee places and found this one. it's still about a mile 1/2 away, so i ran over. well, its awesome. exactly what i want in a coffee place. great coffee. no flashy bells and whistles. good music, nice crowd of regulars. i didnt try the food because i had to run home. but i will next time. a couple store fronts down is a "fancy" coffee place.  not my style. the only reason i cant give it 5 stars is because i havent eaten there yet, and my heart belongs to cafe' ole. but i will be back to gleaners.
I don't spend a lot of time in the Italian Market area,but when I do I am always sure to stop by Gleaners.  This place has the best coffee and a great atmosphere. It is very inviting.  I have had some of their desserts (can't remember what exactly) and they were always great as well.  The employees are friendly and welcoming and the seating is comfortable.  I like sitting outside on a nice day to people watch.  I keep reading about these bagel sandwiches! Will  def try one of those next time!
As a warm-blooded Colombian male... I can't walk by a coffee shop, beans-a-roastin', and not stop on in. Well what a pleasant surprise this lil' gem was. Where do I begin?!! 
Let's start with the coffee- La Colombe is what they serve here and as I sat and sipped I was transported to my post-doc days on the left bank... And then...
I saw the desserts. My chunky aunt always said "eat dessert first" and boy did she ever. But I digress, the pastries here are utterly delectable- tiny muffins, cheese croissants and cookies... Oh the cookies. 
But the cookie was only the beginning because it was lunchtime and a bagel sandwich called my name, much like one of Odysseus' sirens. But unlike him, I welcomed the call. I ordered an Alder Street Dave, on an everything bagel- score!!! I don't know this Dave or what street he lives on but this sandwich was incredible- almost as incredible as the hot little number that made it for me. Piled high and they even toasted the bagel... Hummus more like yummus! 
But as I look up from this perfect platter of earthly delights I notice something, actually a few things, and those things are the lovely creatures working at this shop. And let me just say their hiring policy must be no uggo's and no blondes... That's a policy I can get behind! 
I'm new to this whole Yelp thing, but I thought this place deserved a big thumbs up from Rollie- take it sleazy!
Walking in for the first time, I didn't know what to expect. I have my go-to coffee spots but wanted to branch out a bit and try a new place. I walked to Gleaner's, located in the heart of the Italian Market, on a Saturday morning to find it was everything I hoped it would be. Walking in, it was a bit overwhelming at first. It's a small place with lots of art and posters and eye-catching things on the walls. I had to take a few minutes to take in all of the sights, as they had specials posted on a separate chalk board. I initially didn't want to order it, as I know it's "basic", but I eventually caved and got the Pumpkin Spice Late with soy milk. One thing that I love is that they didn't charge extra for using soy! You could get any kind of milk you wanted at no additional cost (which is a huge plus in this day and age). My mate got a large coffee and oh boy was it huge! I think it must have been a 24 ouncer. Mine was a "small" at I think like 14 ounces, I'm not sure. We sat and took in the sights to find that all different kinds visited this place. It looks like your typical hipster place but the clients definitely don't always fall into this category. I didn't feel out of place for not being a certain way or type, which is always good. I didn't get any food, but would definitely be willing to give it a try and will certainly be back! 

Oh CASH ONLY!
This place has the nicest most accommodating baristas In Philadelphia. It doesn't matter what time of the day you come in or how close to closing they are- they will get you your order. The seating out front is great for people watching and hanging out. The drink selection is on point and it's always very clean in there. I am so glad this place stuck it out and made it through lockdown. Truly a gem.
This tiny cafe serves good coffee and even better bagel sandwiches. Service is quick and friendly. Beautiful weekend afternoons are well spent scoping the artwork and then sitting outside sipping caffeinated goodness topped off with a Hershey's kiss!
Wonderful staff- always welcoming and kind. There are a few vegan options, but wish there were more bagel sandwiches that were vegan friendly.
I haven't tried a bunch off the menu, but came here to write that I was having a terrible day, and the staff were so kind to me. Long story short, I was short on cash (they're cash only) after wanting to treat myself. I had enough cash to buy a coffee cake, and they threw in some extra goodies as they could probably tell I was having a DAY. I didn't realize until after I left their store, but wanted to give the lovely people there a shout out - you really brightened my day!

Oh, and the coffee cake is pretty bomb.
Just moved into the neighborhood and have already been here twice. Simply amazing food and drinks and such nice people!

All the ordering is done outside for COVID precautions. You can pay in cash or on VENMO which is nice and convenient. Entire menu is on the window in nice big letters. Your usual drinks, lots of bagels, sandwiches on bagels, baked goods are available and all the prices aren't crazy. We had the gleaner sandwich which was delicious! Excellent bagel and then artichoke hearts with mozzarella cheese pickled onions and some other things. Absolutely amazing! Nice and fresh and an excellent morning breakfast sandwich. Will have to be back to try the rest of their sandwiches. 

Also had a petal pusher drink which was again great. None of the flavors were overwhelming but everything came through nicely at just the right amount. Also had a lavender-matcha tea-lemonade this weekend and again, just a perfect blend of flavors. 

The host is just so nice and welcoming and very helpful. The sandwiches are bagged in creative ways and just all around it seems like they really care about their business. 

If you're in the area, or even aren't, this is a must try place.
Cute, funky place for coffee right in the 9th street market. Tiny inside, so it can get cramped, but the coffee was very good and we took ours to go. 

Hershey's kiss with your order was a sweet touch.
This is a cute, eccentric cafe/gallery with good La Colombe beans-based espresso drinks and even better service.  My iced latte was spot-on and the friendly barista was more than happy to use soymilk.  I also got a vegan chocolate chip cookie, which was very good and went perfectly with the coffee.  Will be back on a cooler day to try the breakfast sandwiches, which looked huge and quite delectable.  Today was just too hot for me to attempt a huge morning meal.
and now, another episode of "coffee snob diaries"....

My #1 favorite cup of coffee in the world is from Anthony's. So, when Vinny and I met up for our weekly coffee klatch/check-in session on a holiday, we were horrified (i think his beard actually jumped off his face like wooly willy). 
What are 2 java purists to do? I mean, REALLY - what is the plan when the promise of caffeine is ripped right from under your greedy little hands? 
UUUUhhhhhmmmmmmmmm.......???????????????????
"Gleaners is open?"
Me: "I dunno...they're just so WEIRD there..." 
I had been accustomed to seeing a rotating motley crew of punkers, squatters, and all other manner of "fragrant" clientele ever since I can remember. But when in a pinch....hey, i like new things.
Consensus: 5 - NAY, TEN! TEN stars. Impressive and not at all what i had created in my runaway imagination. In my head, a little avatar of Ali G. said " respect." 
So, friends, when presented with a choice, i think it is more a matter of soundtrack (whatever your mood desires - Nino Rota or the Ramones), and maybe how stuffed up your nose is. I'm joking, really. Gleaners is all lilies and roses. The baristas gave all the regulars special deodorant soaps for their allegiance.
I like Gleaners a lot, it is very convenient walk from my boyfriends apartment, I get coffee or tea from there on a regular basis. 

I haven't had many of their desserts, but they all look delicious sitting there and their chocolate chip cookies are perfect.

I usually go for a mocha drink or a chai and they are both tasty.

They always have a small entourage hanging inside and outside of the cafe, I know I'm not the only one that likes it.
perfect place to enjoy coffee outdoors in the italian market.  with your delicious coffee comes a free refill AND a hershey's kiss.  i mean, what else do you really want?  while the musical selections can be a bit much at times- i'm not so into hard-core punk while sipping coffee mid-afternoon- the staff is lovely and there is always good people watching/listening to be had. all round good spot
A very solid coffee shop in the Italian Market. No-frills and an extensive selection of bagel sandwiches to offer. 

They brew La Colombe, which is always a good option, and with every purchase...they give you a Hershey's Kiss! It's pretty nice. My favorite beverage here is the Dirty Americano which is a shot of espresso and coffee. 

Definitely check out Gleaner's if you find yourself in need of coffee on an early morning in the Market.
I don't go to Gleaner's very often, but I get the feeling that this is the "Cheers" of coffee shops - I can't think of any others like it in the city. If I lived a little closer, I'd probably be here all the time. My cousin is a regular here, and I'm pretty sure it's no longer the closest coffee shop to him.

This is the coffee shop you go to to make friends and have a nice morning.
Ok I have now become a regular and it def. deserves 5 stars! I have since tried almost all the sandwiches and have never been disappointed. It has been quite some time that I found a place that I want to go to daily. Sometimes I dash in for a quick coffee and other times I linger for a long time reading, chatting, and just being happy to know there are still neighborhood places where people care enough to not just remember your name but get to know ya. Super Cool!
This is a small place located in the heart of the Italian market.  They are extremely friendly and small amount of food offered looks fresh and homemade.

I always get the same thing, a iced chai tea latte on warmer days and a chai tea latte (hot) on colder days.  Something about this chai is so addicting and delicious, compared to Starbucks.
IMMA LET YOU FINISH BUT GLEANER'S PAINKILLER ON AN EVERYTHING BAGEL IS THE BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICH IN THE CITYYYYYY!!!!!!

Staff is insanely nice and knowledgeable about all of their regulars. The music selection is top-notch and the ambiance is just what you want from a coffee shop. This place has a real vested interest in its community; I'm so glad to see the love going both ways. I hear they buried Mikey Wild underneath the floorboards.
Lovely cafe, good coffee, and packed with cool art, flyers, posters, and other alternative-scene goings ons in Philly. Everything good about a local coffee shop.
Great breakfast place with $2 muffins. They also serve mini (like, really mini) muffins and cinnamon rolls for 50 cents so if you have a tiny sweets craving, definitely check it out. This is a cute breakfast area to take your out-of-town friends to if you don't feel like cooking them breakfast...which is exactly what I did! 

The seating is a little cramped, it's a very small space, but there's outside seating available as well to help offset the interior. The drinks are made well and the two baristas were very friendly and clearly had regulars.
I've been here a couple times now and both of them have been great experiences.  This place pulls off "cool" without being assholes, the service staff is amazing and easy to talk to and the space is really neat.   The last time I went I ordered a bagel and they really didn't skimp on the cream cheese, oh and it came with a Hershey's kiss garnish. How adorable.  I'm not going to pretend to be a coffee snob so I'm rating this shop on service and atmosphere in which it gets two enthusiastic thumbs up!
I'm a vegetarian and I came here with a friend on my way to the airport and the place was just the cutest thing. They definitely are veggie friendly and the staff is great. The food was amazing and fresh. They coffee was also delicious. I would definitely come back if I'm in the area.
Fresh La Colombe coffe and pretty lady's giving it to you. What the fuck else could you want!?
I think this is the only place in South Philly with a restroom for customers! But seriously, buy something if you're gonna use it. Don't be "that guy."

The tables have cool art on them, and the walls are filled with art. I think it might've been for sale and by one of the baristas because we got to chatting, and she said she's a printmaking major. There were three people working when we came, and they were all so friendly! We even talked about the tacos we got before coming here, and she even knew where we went (go to Prima Pizza down the street)! 

The coffee was really good. They use La Colombe and even had regular sized (pound?) bags for sale. Prices were average for a cute little coffee place like this. 

I think I might be going to a different cafe (this one) when I do my Italian Market shopping from now on...
Cons: Over roasted coffee. Muffins and bagels poor quality. 

Pros: Attracts people who enjoy talking to strangers. Great people watching in the heart of the Italian market. Good whoopie pies.
As of late I have been spending a lot of time in this area.  I go to Gleaner's at least 3 times a week, sometimes multiple times in a day and my high opinion of this place remains.  The coffee is fantastic and reasonably priced and those bagels ARE good!
What can I say? I've been a patron of this fine South Philly cafe right in the middle of the wonderful Italian Market on 9th street for about four years. It has everything to offer from great fair-trade coffee, desserts, and the best bagel sandwiches you will ever bite into. Everything is made/delivered fresh and prepared right there. The service is awesome and if you become a regular the Ladies and uno Gent of the establishment will more then become good friends and people to talk to for odds and ends, advice, etc.. There's definitely a neighborhood mesh atmosphere just as you stumble into the rustic, hand-me-down look of what is truly a gleaner's setting. 

My suggestion for this summer... 

Come in the morning, get a tall glass of iced coffee and a delicious 'Baby's Mamma' bagel sandwich which consists of fresh mozzarella and tomato. You can't go wrong and if you're up for it, guess their 'Quote of the Day' to win a free coffee and get your card punched to later build up credit for a free coffee as a frequent goer.
I will echo others who have claimed Gleaner's to be cute - it really is. The staff is friendly and there's always traffic in and out of this place, so clearly they're doing something right.

If you're looking to grab a coffee to-go, Gleaner's is just fine. However, due to the size, I'm not sure it's conducive for working. Space is cramped and it's rather loud, so if you do come to work, perhaps bring some headphones.

The menu boasts a variety of coffee drinks and sandwiches, but I found it to be on the pricier side. Also, cash only, which may deter those of us who rarely carry the green stuff.
For some reason, every time I'm in the Italian Market and want coffee, I make a beeline to Anthony's and walk right past Gleaner's without a thought. On this particular day I decided to stop in and give them a try --so glad I did!

I noticed right away that they use La Colombe's coffee, which I was super excited about. Secondly, the barista was amazing! She was super friendly and easy to talk to and when I told her that I was going to sit outside in the little seating area, she jumped from behind the counter and wiped down a chair and table for me!

This little cafe is a great spot to hang out and catch up with an old  friend or just sit outside and people watch!
The Gleaner is absolutely delicious! With a generous portion of fresh mozzarella, marinated artichokes, pesto and sliced tomato it's an Italian market twist on the Sunday bagel.
tasty coffee and baked treats. nice ambiance, if you want to call it that. I like that they occasionally showcase local artists. Its a nice little spot to go read a book on a rainy day.
Good coffee, good prices, friendly staff - all in the heart of south Philly's Italian Market, perfect.
I popped in here on a quick trip to Philadelphia from New York & I totally dig it.  I told my companion that Gleaner's met all of my coffee shop criteria: good music, nice staff, good coffee, good seating. Plus, it was clean & warm & interesting.  I didn't actually have any coffee, but my friend said his was very good & I believe him.  But best of all was the friendly baristo* who did not roll his eyes or scoff when I asked him if Dio was playing on the sound system. I like this place enough to come back to Philly just for a chance to go again!

* Is barista unisex? I hate this word, & its variations. I always feel like I'm misusing "barrister" when I say/type it.
I have been coming to The Gleaner's almost everyday I've been home for a little over four years now. I have spent a preposterous amount of money there and an unfathomable amount of my free time. 

Truth be told, this café is one of the more important things in my day-to-day life. The brewed coffee is terrific, the bagel sandwiches delicious (try The Gleaner sandwhich), the atmosphere relaxed, and the decor is always changing with the displays of local artists. But the best part has got to be the staff and regulars. Always friendly, always interesting, they keep the place fresh and running smoothly.

Even after I moved out of the neighborhood a year ago I still make a four mile trek from Fishtown to The Italian Market in South Philly to take my lunch there. This place is just that special to those who frequent it. I cannot say enough good things about this place.
This lovely little cafe can be a bit hard to find, but once you do the staff is extremely welcoming. However, the place is really small so there isn't much indoor seating and it is very loud (they make the coffee and bagels behind the counter/register). The service is also rather slow during peak times, because there isn't a lot of staff.

For vegan friends: they have vegan cream cheese for any bagel, as well as two vegan bagel sandwich potions - the Alder Street Dave and the Squawking Pidgeon. I've tried them both and they were both great! 

Love that they serve a Hershey's chocolate kiss with each order :) Overall, a great spot for bagels and coffee.
I've found both the staff and coffee here consistently on point. Gets a little cramped and loud sometimes, but the staff usually works fast enough to get you on your way, which is much appreciated in my case. Good for chats with strangers and a communal vibe, if that's your thing. Lots of character peppered about and seemingly nice folks. Though, I suppose I really don't care if they're really all that nice, I just want hot coffee and a half smile.
This is a great cafe. Friendly, low-key, great coffee and bagel sandwiches. They love kids here, and dogs. It's everything that's good about the Italian Market without any of the bad. Love this place!
They have really great bagel sandwiches here. It's a good place to sit outside (they have those little elementary school desks set up) and people-watch. They give you a Hershey's Kiss when you order coffee, too.
So far, Fante's is my favorite coffee in the Italian market but only snubs out Gleaner's from the top-spot by a thin margin.  I end up at Gleaner's far more frequently though because of the bagel sandwiches.
I love gleaners! The owners and baristas are really sweet. The food is tasty and you get a Hershey kiss with it. The best thing about it is the music...metal with coffee is the best combination. The painkiller sandwich never does me wrong. And on top of all that they show local artists work monthly. This hands down is the best coffee shop in Philly.
A lot of coffee shops in Philly, but rarely do I enter one where the staff actually notices I have a child. In fact, most baristas scowl at me and try really hard to hide their disdain for moms. Not Gleaner's! Welcomed little guy with open arms! They even talked to him. Oh, and the espresso was prima!
Indie coffee bar - this is as great as it gets!  We "stumbled" upon this place with our 4yo daughter when the other nearby, well-known, sit-down breakfast establishments had wait-times of at least 40 mins (if your 4yo says she's hungry, you must get food immediately). The staff is super nice.  (I mean, really.  Are people in Philly really this nice, or is DC where we're from just full of snobs?!)  And the food... SIGH.  I've never had Philadelphia cream cheese like THIS (i.e., not from the supermarket in a grey & white tub) - creamy and melt in your mouth delish.  The bagel was perfect.  The cheesy eggs was perfect. My husband's tomato & mozarella sandwich was perfect.  And our 4yo left with a full belly.  And we'd still be in line if we went to the other places!  

One negative to our visit was this hipster couple sitting at one of the tables (it's cozy in there) - our stroller rolled away and accidently tapped his elbow, and he gave us a mean glance over his shoulder even though I apologized.  Whatever, you'll wake up one day too and realize that kids happened to YOU.  ... Or maybe they're visiting from DC.
I may have been here before, while visiting the Italian Market....Cute, little space. Baristas very friendly. They use La Colombe coffee, which I love. They have pastries and sandwiches. I got iced Americano, which was refreshing as I was walking around Italian Market Festival. It is cosy inside but they also have a few tables outside, which is nice. This is nice to know so many indie coffeehouses in this neighborhood. If I already lived in this hood, I would be there frequently.
What a quaint little coffee shop in the Italian Market! Stopped in here for a couple of Dirty Americans (coffee with a shot of espresso) and they were delicious. I got the notion within just the mere 8 minutes we were in this shop, that they have regulars come in especially on the weekends because the baristas knew the names of the customers behind us and what they wanted to order.
Gleaner's Cafe is maaaaaaad cute. It's a verrrrry small place with a cozy vibe and awesome (affordable) art on display. The music is nice and quiet, which is just what I want in a coffee shop.The coffee is strong and delicious and the bagel sandwiches are out of this world. The Gleaner's sandwich is the perfect companion for your early morning coffee. Can't wait to try all the food on the menu. Welcoming, friendly staff too. A great spot to grab a cup with a friend (just one or two though cuz it's so small)!
Found myself having to go to Esposito's for an emergency sausage run. Afterward was trying to find a place to wait for Lyft. Walked north looking for coffee & found Gleaner's Cafe, a tiny jewel box of a pastry & coffee shop. 

The 2 lovely people behind the counter were so very helpful to an outsider like me. Obviously a local place for neighbors to meet, talk, read or just bask in their own quiet solitude. 

I ordered a cider donut, something Ive read about but never experienced. That stops now. I already love fall but these donuts ramped it up a few notches. 

Got a few mini pastries to take home & two cheese danish for breakfast tomorrow. 

This will be a regular stop on my weekly shopping trip to the Italian Market. 

FCF: good tables inside but be aware its a small cosy shop so better to take it outside where there are tables & seating. Dont let it deter you, my fluffy friends. Those cider donuts are worth it.
Went on a trip back to Philly and can't recall why I previously rated it 2 stars! The baristas were friendly and my chai was yummy. Cash only and no wi-fi but they have a bathroom for customers.
gleaner's is my coffee shop of choice. i love their coffee - hot and cold. and their bagel sandwiches are always delicious.

plus - buy 9 coffees, get one free. my favorite days are full card days!
Gleaner's is a cool little coffee shop/gallery smack dab in the middle of The Italian Market. It's heavy on La Colombe Coffee and the smell of stagnant cigarettes. but the cool staff, awesome artwork, and interesting regulars more than make up for it. 
Right now Gleaners has a cool display of skateboard art that is very worth checking out.
