I was in the area and popped in quickly for an iced oat latte. Service was quick and friendly, can't ask for much more than that. If I lived in the area they'd definitely be in my regular rotation.
I was thirsty for a freshly poured coffee, call me a coffee addict, perhaps an intelligent coffee drinker. My fellow yelp friend Lolly G, recommended giving this cafe a try, and "that's kinda and by kinda I mean, totally, completely and OMG"! spot on!

Two words: Dirty Chai! I can't even find the words to explain! 
Two shots of espresso bitter sweet gingerbread-like taste and AWSOME super secret recipe of homemade chai. Tell me who can resist that? 

All's fair in love and war -- and Dirty Chai!!
Four and half Yelps :)
I like coffee.
I like locally roasted coffee.
I like coffee shops.
I like coffee shops that are dedicated to their craft.
I like coffee shops with baristas that aren't too cool to talk to me.

I like Green Street Coffee for all these reasons.
Super cute coffee shop with limited outdoor seating. On a street corner in the neighborhood, you can't miss it because there is a line outside! The line moves very quick as only two people are allowed in the shop at once due to COVID, but you can see the menu from outside. 

We got the large iced chai and the iced mocha for ~$12.   Both were delicious but I was especially impressed with the iced mocha. You could taste all the flavors and the espresso.
I have had Greenstreet's roasted beans in the past and was excited to visit their coffee house.  I stayed true to myself and ordered their single origin coffee of the day.  The coffee I had was good, but I wish I would have paid attention when I was adding sugar.  I used Stevia instead of regular sugar by accident.  I'm not a Stevia fan at all. The sweetener gave my coffee a taste I don't like, but I could still tell that the coffee was good quality.  

Now the Chai Tea latte is a different story.  I was skeptical when the barista told us that the Chai was good, but I was sold when he told me it was homemade and was willing to tell me some of his Chai making secrets.  The Chai Tea is simply awesome!!  

I went here for the coffee and fell in love with their Chai Tea latte!

My five star rating is based on the best homemade Chai Tea latte I've had to date!
Had been riding my bike past this place daily and when I saw it was finally open, I had to stop in. 

I'm glad I did, too.  The baristas were all friendly, and one in particular took his time explaining the various types of coffee, which I appreciated since all I know is that I like "good" coffee.  He was knowledgeable of the flavors in each coffee and his explanation led me to choose a Guatemalan blend that had nutty undertones.  

Seriously, one of the BEST cups of coffee I've ever had.  I'm tempted to go back and purchase the whole beans...and another cup or two.
We are frequent patrons of this place, as it is super close to our apartment. The boo is quite a coffee snob, and Greenstreet gets his wholehearted seal of approval. There are always interesting coffees available for pour overs, and they get my sincerest thanks for being open early enough in the morning for us medical professionals to be able to get our caffeine fix. We've had a chance to speak with the owners a few times, incredibly nice and knowledgeable about all things coffee. A very welcome presence in the neighborhood. 

Side note, check out their sidewalk chalkboard sign, constantly changing and always hysterical.
Cold Brew Coffee Quest #3

With warm weather returning after a chilly winter in Philly, my wife and I are determined to find the best Cold Brew Coffee that our city has to offer! No national chains allowed.

-Overall Score: 5 out of 5
-Pros: On draft from a nitro tap, served in a beautifully sculpted glass, bold but balanced effervescent flavor, cool corner cafe in colonial setting 
-Cons: N/A
Gourmet corner coffee shop perfect for a fresh morning brew!
Being labeled a coffee snob since I consider most chain coffee shops to be serving brown water, my coworkers purchased me $100 gift card to greenstreet and boy am I content.
A few seats line the window for a view of 11th street passers by that I hope to enjoy one day when I can get up early enough to snag a cool metal butt shaped seat.
The barista is always friendly, smiling and streaming  island jams that are both soothing and welcoming, begging you to stay awhile.
I wandered by this place months ago, bookmarked it, and continued to pass by longingly until I finally had time to stop--and I am so glad I did. Greenstreet is at the extremely small end of cozy, but they totally make it work with the bright walls inside and plenty of seating outside (better for the summer months, of course). The baristas are friendly in a really laid-back way and are obviously dedicated to their craft.

I ended up getting a Kenyan variety with a name that I will not butcher here. I originally asked for a Chemex, but when the barista suggested that the Aeropress would bring out the body of the coffee better, I went with that instead. He was totally right, of course, so I enjoyed a cup of full-bodied and delicious coffee. Obviously because Aeropress and Chemex are more labor-intensive methods of brewing coffee, they are easily twice as expensive as the regular cups of joe that are offered here. Regardless, the bill for an Aeropress and an americano was still only $6.50, which was really reasonable (compared to normal city prices for a specialty cup). Greenstreet also uses Square to process their sales, so I got the receipt emailed to me instead of having to gather yet another piece of paper for my purse.

Miscellaneous: Yes, the sliding door leads to a bathroom, which is about a third as big as the shop itself. Plus there's a chess board in case the desire seizes you.
It was pouring buckets outside, my shoes and jeans were soaked through, and I needed a place to warm up and recharge.  Greenstreet Coffee came to my rescue.

The place is thimble-sized, but it packs tons of charm in a small space.  I ordered a cappuccino and sat down at one of the tiny tables, which was a perfect vantage point from which to watch the falling rain -- and take advantage of the free wi-fi, natch.

The cappuccino was absolutely perfect (nice latte art, by the way!), and an even more pleasant surprise was when the barista offered a free taster cup of some new tropical coffee beans he'd recently been steeping.

All in all, I love every minute I spent at Greenstreet.  If I lived in Philly, I could see myself spending many an afternoon there.
I'm new to Philly and I've been venturing all over center city to find the perfect coffee shop, and greenstreet coffee is one of the top ones thus far! The service was awesome- everyone was all smiles with a very hipster vibe to it. There was a constant stream of people coming in, which I guess is a good sign for an area surrounded by similar cafes. 

I got a mocha, and it was delicious! Really nothing to complain about for it. They also accept CUPS! 

The one downside is that seating is quite limited and the tables are really small. Other than that the place is great! I definitely would return again.
I drink a fair amount of coffee...from K-cups to Wawa, Starbucks to Elixir, I've tried them all (or at least most). While I will have anything to get my caffeine fix, Greenstreet is what I crave when I want to treat myself.
The store is pretty small and unassuming, and the menu is not as *exciting* as some gourmet coffee places. But the drip coffee is smooth, fresh, warm, and flavorful. The lattes are also delicious (and so pretty) and they have OAT MILK, my recent obsession!
My go-to's here, when I am not running out with a small drip coffee, are the cortado or the mocha. The mocha is not cloyingly sweet like the one from Starbucks, but has the perfect balance of sweet chocolate and bitter espresso. I've also heard great things about their matcha, if you're not a coffee person!
Bonus points for the fun artwork on the sign out front!
This is the cutest coffee shop I've been to--I was drawn to its red cheery exterior. I was glad to have found this place without any referrals.

Space can be a bit cramped but it seems more of a place where most people order their coffee to-go. (For those who do choose to stay, they do have wifi and great natural lighting.) The baristas were friendly and welcomed me with a smile. I ended up ordering their green tea latte--after all, they have "green" in their name. I wasn't disappointed.

Unlike the typical green tea lattes served at chains, this one was unsweetened which I enjoyed. The barista also made one of the more complex latte arts I've seen. The vibe was very hipster compared to the other local coffee shops--I could imagine this in Portland, Oregon somewhere. All in all, it was a great experience and I would definitely make another visit.
So, I don't know who is working there today but I came in after a grueling mid-pandemic night shift at Jefferson and asked the barista if I could have something caffeinated, warm, and comforting. She made me this oat milk latte with cinnamon and honey, and the first sip was so exquisite that I transcended reality and entered into a new dimension of peace and tranquility. All my negative emotions are washed away, and I am now ready to conquer today with a positive outlook. 

To whomever made this drink, a sincere thank you from this healthcare worker. And to whomever is reading this review, don't hesitate to spend your hard-earned cash here, and leave a tip.
I'm not a big coffee drinker but I stopped in here for post-brunch coffee to keep me awake while studying. The place is so cute, the service is excellent, and the coffee is great! They have free wifi, but the space is pretty small to study here. They also have outdoor seating which was perfect for people watching on a Sunday morning.

I tried the latte, but after reading some the yelp reviews, I am dying to go back to try the chai!
Got an extra hot, no foam, oat milk latte here! Oat milk has been my new choice as of recently; it really gives your coffee that deep, nutty flavor! Highly recommend :)
Greenstreet is a decent coffeeshop nearby Jefferson Hospital. It is not one of my top favorites, but it does offer a charm and simplicity that attracts me when there's very little people in the shop.

Pros:
-- Lots of windows for a brightly lit interior that beautifully illuminates the green walls, maroon panelled windows, wooden furnishings, and the red metal work along the countertop wall
-- Staff are very friendly and talkative with the locals who frequent the coffee shop
-- Know how to make a wonderfully delicious strong brew
-- They have outdoor seating when the weather is gorgeous
-- Cheap prices

Cons:
-- Tables are super small, so not the most preferred place to be if you are looking to do work and/or study with a laptop and books/notes
-- Since the staff are talkative with the frequent customers and it's a small place, it can get noisy if there are a number of conversations going on
I was looking for a good coffee place that has their own beans that wasn't La Colombe, and found Greenstreet Coffee Co. on Yelp so decided to venture over and check it out. I ordered an Americano and was pleasantly surprised when it came out to only $2.50. The space is fairly small, but they have a self-serve water station and some nice benches, chairs and tables to sit at. The staff was friendly and most the people in the shop seemed to be regulars or knew the people working there.
I really enjoyed my Americano- it tasted deep but not bitter and it kept me warm and fairly caffeinated so I will definitely be going back to try their cold brew and/or their dirty chai.
So I may not be the best person to judge coffee shops, because I don't drink coffee. So this review is based on their hot chocolate, chocolate croissant, and the atmosphere.

Hot chocolate - excellent. Start with dark chocolate powder, pour the frothing milk on top, and it just tastes great. On cold winter days, there's nothing I'd want more to start the day.

Chocolate croissant - really good. Their selection of pastries is a bit lacking, but I think they get them from the same provider as most of the better coffee shops in Philly. That being said, it had a ton of chocolate in it - which is what I was looking for.

Atmosphere - pretty solid. Nice decorations, it's a bit small so can feel kinda cramped when people are moving in and out.

But the pastry and beverage trump the atmosphere, which is why I give this place five stars.
Great coffee, great location, great atmosphere.  Nothing made today better than the warm cup of chai while people watching outside on the corner of Spruce and 11th!

I love how the price on the menu is the price you pay, and the drinks are gorgeous.  I got a chai latte, and I'm definitely coming back again!
Matcha lattes are delicious, the shop smells fantastic. It's on a corner of a cute neighborhood. I went twice over the past two days because it was near my hotel. The first time, the girl at the counter said he bare minimum to me. She was not friendly at all, I thought maybe it was a fluke. I went back the next day and the gentleman who helped me was also pretty curt. I think if you're a regular there, then maybe they will be nice? 

Three stars are for ambiance and quality. Definitely not for service, how are you going to keep people
coming back if you aren't friendly? 

I tipped $1 on my $4.50 purchase each time although they didn't deserve it.
Friendly neighborhood cafe with all sorts of coffee and tea beverages. They also have coffee classes. The cafe is tiny with tiny tables and seats but that is part of the charm to this cafe. The people who work there were friendly and willing to help with any order. I used my CUPS app to order and had no trouble.
This place is a go-to for all coffee lovers. The vibe at this small-scale location is very peaceful and nice, with a nice & simple menu to match. I ordered a cold brew with almond milk added, which was very smooth and delicious. I followed up by picking up one of their croissants (which are $1.50 off towards the evening), which was also quite delicious even when cool. The barista who was running the shop by themselves was very calm, nice and great at their job.

I can't give enough props to this location for how well they do their work. I would recommend this location to anyone that's looking for a nice, relaxing cup of coffee at a tiny, small-town feel location away from the city life.
Coffee used to just be coffee.  Kinda like your dad's big plastic jug of Folgers.  Scoop, drink, and go.  But where our parents overlooked the art and intrigue in that dark cup of Joe, Green Street Roasters is ensuring we do not.  

They have a wide selection of single origins as well as some house blends and this stuff is amazing.   It's fresh, it's intriguing, it's affordable.  

Personally I love the selection of espressos they have on any given day.  If you have the time ask the baristas about them.  You'll be impressed and amazed.  

Highly recommended.
The coffee is delicious and I will go back again. The place is small but it's the coffee that counts. The more you can then listen and learn about their coffees  I loved their brochures on how to make a good cup of coffee with either a French press or filter.
Read the reviews. Looked promising. My hotel didn't have coffee available until 7. This place said they were open at 6 am! I walked there - got there 6:15 on the dot to find them not open.  Maybe the hours should be updated on Yelp and google  -- and their front door posts none. Despite having to wander on to find a coffee place that was open -- it looks like a cute neighborhood coffee shop.
Some of the best coffee, great atmosphere, locally roasted by the owners.
The nitro cold brew from this place is amazing. I've had it from Starbucks and Brooklyn Roasting Company before but this was by far thee best I've ever had. The foam was thick and bubbles were rising. The coffee legit tasted so smooth, you would think it had cream. I suggest you drink it immediately because it did get weak and warm fairly quickly and loses its draw. 

$4 for a 16 oz cup of cold brew and tax is included! Might just go again in the morning before leaving PA.
had one of the smoothest single origin espresso shots i've had in a long time on sunday morning...can't beat the 2 dollar ever changing varietal cold brew as well. i'll be back when i'm back down in the city.
I may not be a coffee expert, but when my coffee specialists tell me Greenstreet coffee is the place to be, well, I gotta check it out. From a glance, this establishment hits all of the hipster checklist.

1. Fun wall decorations
2. Friendly baristas
3. Outdoor seating
4. Creative signs
5. Specialty coffee roasts
6. ?wireless

The prices are reasonable and the coffee will wake you up. There are seating options both inside and out and you'll definitely have to muscle your way if you want one of the coveted outdoor seating on a beautiful day for doing work or just plain old people watching.
I was in Philly this week and while I love baseline Wawa coffee,  when I was in Center City, I started craving a local coffee shop that also roasted their own beans. Until I found this place,  all I kept finding was places serving La Columbe (which I can get anytime in NYC). This was a welcome change for this our of town coffee snob.
I don't know what it is about this little spot. Located right on the corner of 11th, nothing really sticks out about it from the outside. In fact, in a neighborhood swimming in coffee shops, this could easily be overlooked.

And yet, that's what works so well in its favor. It's not trendy, hipster, pretentious, or trying to hard at all. They play THE BEST pandora station, and there's good vibes all around. I live so close and could easily walk home to drink my coffee, but I like to relax before the way home. In winter this is much appreciated. 

I've only order drink, but today saw someone eating a snack. They have a couple of small sweet things to add to your coffee. Stop in, you'll be pleased.
Cute and little neighborhood coffee spot. Me and u friend stopped by today for quick coffee and snack. Ordered cappuccino, ice green tea and biscotti. We were in very chatty mood so we sat outside. Small place was filled with patron who were working or studying there so felt bad to sit there and disturb them since it was tiny spot. 

Cappuccino was foamy and smelled awesome. I got ice green tea and they didn't charge for extra like other places. Biscotti was big enough also. One barista there made good coffee alone and very quite so it would be perfect study spot not for chatty date with girlfriends.
Fun espresso and coffee spot with good music along the lines of progressive beats.  It's smaller on the inside but quaint with an industrial/minimalist decor and seating, but you can definitely enjoy some time with a friend inside or out no problem.  Outside seating is a little more intimate, however.

Multiple (5?) types of espresso are available, which is something I've seen only at a handful of other places (Plenty), and I really appreciate as a lover of espresso.

While writing this review a cold nose belonging to a cute pup greeted me - they're dog friendly inside the place!

Coffee is SMOOTH!  No harsh 'S*bucks' afterburn in my chest, just flavor with just enough bitter finish, but not gross.

Definitely more coffee/espresso than breakfast, which I absolutely appreciate - focus on the good stuff!
I won't lie to you, when I saw that another hipster coffee shop had opened up, I thought, "Same old. Same old." 

Then I had a red eye (coffee + espresso) that changed my life. The Guatemala blend was smooth with delicate notes of chocolate and citrus. They just might edge out Ultimo as my favorite coffeeshop in the city! The baristas were friendly and efficient people who made me want to return. The place may be the size of a shoebox, but whenever I'm around, I'll definitely stop by.
A tiny coffee shop that is very focused on the coffee. This equates to very few locally baked pastries in the morning, a couple of high priced chocolate bars, and maybe a banana bunch. That is all I saw. Tea? Nary a leaf in sight. 

Coffee? Yep. You can get it brewed normally, which is, actually, a surprise. Based on the coffee board, the equipment, and pamphlets, the place screams "no damn autodrip!!l"

You can get "chemex" and "aero press" versions of coffee along with your espressos and lattes. Interestingly, they do make chai and matcha, which seems too hippy for their snobbish vibe. No prices listed for the chemex or aero press....!!

By the way, this place is small. There are 7 small kidney bean shaped tables with smaller similar shaped stools (back hurts after an hour). They do offer wifi and outdoor seating however. The inside is bright thanks to being on a corner with widows on both sides.

I had the drip which is priced normally for independent shops it seems: $2 for a normal size which they call "medium" and $1 for refills. They do offer while beans for sale in various price points and types but I never had it so can't say what they are like. Overheard that they will grind them for you in house. 

It's a nice place, but not great for long study sessions unless you can sit outside in nicer chairs.
Good coffee with house roasted coffee bean. Resonable price. Better then ultimo in my opinion. Pour over is amazing; Kellenso from Sidamo Ethiopia is amazing.
I LOVE Greenstreet. 

Not only is the coffee amazing, but so is the staff. Seriously I could chat with some of those girls all day. One of them introduced me to a Dirty Chai Latte (I know, I'm a coffee newbie), and life changing. I've tried it in other coffee shops and this is by far the best.
I can't say enough about this place. It is your neighborhood cafe and all the coffee drinks are spectacular. My favorite here is their chai latte. It's like award winning. If milk doesn't settle well in your digestive system, try the chai latte with soy milk, AMAZING! My go to drink here is the chai latte or cappuccino.
Great coffee and lattes. Friendly and helpful baristas will talk to you about different brewing methods. Good prices. Good music when I was there.

Only reason it's not 5 star is that it's small. Not a lot of seating.
I was patiently awaiting the opening of Green Street because its in my neighborhood and I love their coffee! Totally worth the wait. I've frequented a few coffee shops in my day and I have to say, I just adore this place. The staff is always super friendly and helpful and Tom, the owner(?), is great and always has a smile on his face. It seems for some reason that when people work at a coffee shop in the city, they believe they have to be melancholy and depressed. Well, I don't want what they're drinking. I'd much rather get my coffee from a place where the staff is personable and the espresso makes you zip through your day! If you're like me, make your way over to Green Street today and try... Anything! It's all great! Wish I had more stars to give!
Living in the backyard of Blue Bottle Coffee Roasters, I was pleased to stumble across Green Street's Cafe one block away from where I was staying (Clinton St B&B) while I was in town for a week in September.

The Bay Area pour-over coffee culture can be rather snobby at times, so I was pleased to be greeted with Zero Pretentiousness. The owner, Tom, worked in the cafe himself quite a bit, too. He was eager to talk coffee, roasting, and pour-over technique. He introduced me to some methods I had not tried before (including the "sock" or Nel drip, which I guess is so passe in Japan). 

The baristas on staff were all friendly and wonderful folks too, eager to chat when there was a little free time and recommend other things for me to do, see, and try. 

This was my go-to coffee shop while I was visiting for a week. Well worth it. Great roasts, well-executed drinks, super friendly staff, nice vibe.
My newest favorite coffee shop! Unfortunately I'm not close at all to this place, otherwise I'd be back so much more often.

I wandered in here because I had a few hours to kill and I happened to be in the area. While I was there, there were two baristas--both were incredibly friendly and helpful, willing to strike up a conversation and teach me everything I wanted to know about coffee beans (and then some!). 

I was there for about an hour or so, and what struck me the most was how much the baristas engaged with the customers and surrounding community. Various people kept popping in to grab a quick coffee, drop off some posters, or just to chat. They remembered everyone's name, were genuinely eager to meet or reconnect, and seemed overall enthusiastic about their shop. When they weren't busy making drinks, they'd chat with customers. It was actually really inspiring, and I can easily see this place becoming a new neighborhood joint for the community to gather around.

Although new, it is a place that I hope becomes (and remains) a staple in the area for years to come.
I'm amazed at how quickly I've come to love coffee - so is my husband, but he's reaping the rewards since each weekend, if I'm not working, I'll want to go out and try a new coffee place with him. We made our way over to Green Street Coffee Roasters since its on our way to his cousin's place, and entered the teeny tiny little cafe to get some to go. 

The staff was friendly and offered to answer any questions before politely getting back to work and letting us decide upon what to order. We were pleasantly surprised that the prices were not as high as at other specialty coffee roasters in the area, and although I was tempted to let the baristas show off their skills, I followed my husband lead and just went for straight drip. Not a bad choice anyway since their coffee is smooth and delicious! The sweeteners and cream/milk/etc are shoved into a very small, cramped corner, so we had to wait our turn before heading out with hot beverages in hand. Glad to have Green Street in the area as a laid back cafe option! Next time I'll have to grab a bag or two to bring home with me :)
Really dig this little spot.  Once you're inside and settled with your GREAT cup of Joe and begin to look around, you might ~ for a split second~ forget that you're not in Europe.  The staff is engaging and knowledgable of their products.  I highly recommend Green Street Coffee Roasters.
Coffee is pretty good!! I love the little coffee shops that feel cozy and this is one of them for sure! Friendly baristas, like the quiet street corner....and a cute sight to look at out the window.
Beautiful little corner joint with excellent, excellent coffee. Dave is the best barista in town. Latte art is lovely and the decor is on point. Will keep coming back again and again.
I really hope this coffee shop thrives. The iced coffee is the best I've had in Philadelphia ... And this city has a lot of good coffee shops.

It is quite small but offers beautiful views of Spruce St and 11th st from its window benches and seats. The menu is simple and the baristas are friendly and easygoing. You won't feel like you're in a frenetic Starbucks like environment here. 

Be sure to bring cash :-)
Yeah.. Go.. Go now. Ask for the pour over menu and order something that'll send your coffee brain into la-la land.
Nestled on the corner of 11th and Spruce, you can hardly miss it by the string lights decorated outside and the red framed door and windows. It's a small cafe with limited seating, though cozy and comfortable nonetheless . The baristas were friendly and helpful in regards to selection. They do have a limited selection of pastries that sell out before 2pm on a Saturday (when I went). 

The quality of coffee is delicious and their cappuccinos are definitely something to try. The people next to me raved about their chai lattes, which I unfortunately did not have. It was a good experience, but nothing that really floored me to making it my prime study spot. If you're walking along and are in need of a cup of GOOD coffee, this place is prime. However, it isn't very ideal for studying (they don't have many outlets).
The people who work here are super nice especially the owner. Coffee is good and so are the yummy pastries. Great place to stop by, have some coffee and sit outside. The inside is small but very nicely done and clean with a rustic-modern decor. They really did a great job.  Lucky to have this place in Philly!
Found this on Yelp it was highly rated so I had to check it out. They're cold brew coffee is delicious with a good kick. Doesn't taste burnt has a citrus taste to it. Got a chocolate croissant that was the perfect snack. The customer service is great and they're quick. Definitely going back.
This is the perfect place for a Saturday afternoon cup of chai. The staff is knowledgable, friendly and attentive. The biscotti is fabulous and the chai latte is the best in the city.
I went last summer when the weather was really beautiful out. They had all their windows open and great outdoor seating. It was very cozy and the coffee was quite good. I don't know if it was good enough to warrant the price, I was expecting a better cup for what I paid. It has been a while though so maybe they updated their selection. 

It's a very small place so don't go with a large group and expect seating. They do have WiFi and it would be a nice quiet place to work.
Fantastic Cortados on a cold, snowy morning. Very friendly staff in a charming little corner store. I'll be a regular here.
A tiny little coffeeshop in Rittenhouse! Delicious drinks, free wifi, pet friendly, and a cheerful staff. The one downside is that the tables are tiny, barely big enough to fit your things and your drink; I actually ended up setting my latté down on the windowsill because there wasn't enough room. Between the lack of space and the constant opening of the door and subsequent draft of cold air, this place is not exactly built for long work sessions. Would stop by for another drink, but I wouldn't recommend it for doing work.
Excellent cortado from this tiny coffee bar blocks from Thomas Jefferson University Hospital.   Coffee was great and the service polite and fast.  Clients and counter folks here all were good about following social distancing protocols.    No one sat inside at the benches.  Several people sat at outdoor tables even though it was a bit chilly.
It's a very nice and small cafe with great tasting coffee. I have yet to try their cold-brewed coffee which most people seemed to be getting - it must be good. One thing that seemed to bother me were the small seats in the cafe. The gaps between tables and chairs were tight for people to put their belongings aside them and bothersome when somebody had to leave the/take a seat on the table next to you. The seatings are also faced towards and are very close to the bar so you will notice people going in and standing in line while you try to concentrate on your work. But this could solely be a personal experience.
This is such a beautiful little coffee shop! There are huge windows and they make good use of the fairly small space. There are a few tables outside and sometimes they open up the giant windows so it feels like you're outside. The coffee is wonderful and the prices are on par with or cheaper than other places around the area. 

I like to come on weekend mornings before it gets too crowded. 

Bonus: they're dog friendly! I love saying hi to all of the dogs people bring here.
I want to love this place. It's a block away from where I live, it's a local business, and I had great experiences with the previous tenants (Spruce Street Espresso). 
I'll give them four stars to be fair, because: their cold brew is one of the best in the city, their baked goods (from Metropolitan Bakery, I think) are great, and I am sure their pour-overs are fine, if that is your thing. 
..But, I am a die-hard espresso fan. And their espresso drinks are totally inconsistent. I can go here five days in a row, shell out for a espresso macchiato and get five completely different drinks. A few of their baristas are as good as the best baristas in the city (usually found at Ultimo, Elixir, and Shot Tower), and they pull great drinks. But just as often as not, I get a bitter, scorched shot with a spoonful of foam on top. At three bucks a pop, it's an expensive game of espresso roulette.
I'll probably keep going here because it's convenient and I keep hoping they will step up their training/quality control.
Friendly barista working on a busy weekend, with a line out the door! (Partially because they're only allowing two guests inside at a time). Cute corner shop in a good location with lots of patio seating and comfy chairs.
Amazing americano!! I got a decaf americano with room for oat milk. Perfect drink for a hot day. 

The barista was so helpful as well. I came here twice in one day because I loved it so much. Cant wait to come back next time Im in Philly.
Greenstreet Coffee is a cute little cafe that I would recommend to friends. I got a chai latte here and it was delicious! The prices here are pretty average for a coffee shop. Along with coffee and teas, they have fresh treats like muffins and biscotti here. While the space is small, it's cute and cozy and if there's a chair, is definitely a quiet place to do some work because of the small size. I'll be coming back to greenstreet to try other items off the menu soon!
I'm the first person to love when a Philly coffeehouse comes along that isn't a Starbucks and doesn't sell La Colombe. And it holds an especially strong sense of promise to me when its a the flagship store of a new local coffee roaster, like is the case with Greenstreet. But as a new coffeehouse there's still a few key elements that it could work out to be higher up on my list. 

When I first saw Greenstreet's offerings on the shelves of Whole Foods I was instantly intrigued and have enjoyed flavors like varieties like Mexican Chiapas, Tanzania Peaberry, and their Rooster Roast. But when it comes down to it none of them were really enough to merit paying $3 for a large cup of coffee on the go, when there are far too many neighboring coffeehouses within a 3-6 block radius that offer it for far less. I could rationalize if you were offered more than one variety to choose from, and it was brewed out of a siphoning system like it is at a spot like Elixr and Ultimo maybe; but it isn't. And for that those price points kind of hurt it when I can go and get a slightly better variety at a spot like Chapterhouse or Good Karma for less while being able to sit and do my work in a much larger location as well.

But that isn't necessarily a dig on Greenstreet's location. Because much like the case was for Spruce Street Espresso beforehand, they do maintain the smaller scale location well enough to the point that it does feel quite roomy. Especially on a summer day when there outdoor seating can be quite immaculate,

If they fix up the pricing or build up the offerings to match up the price-point better they can be on the verge of building a bright future. But until that time they do have a pin prick that nicks a hole into the overall coffee bag.
My favorite coffee place.
From regular coffee to lattes to mochas. Everything I had had is consistently flavorful and smooth.
Best chai latte in the city. 
Always friendly service. Great little corner spot with seats outside in the summer.
I got an Iced Coffee here with cream and sugar- not impressed. I'm not really a hot coffee drinker but maybe their hot drinks are better. I can only speak for the Iced coffee.
The Ethiopian coffee is incredible! It was the perfect morning wake up call that I needed. Super friendly staff, clean and vibrant atmosphere, and very reasonable prices ($2.50 for my 12 oz Americano) all make this worthy of a 5 star review. :)
Pretty decent latte. There's not a lot of seating- its a tiny place! But the building sure is fun. Its green and red with little chairs lining the windows- so the view is great. But it's not good for work or to have a conversation without people hearing. I also enjoy the art on the sign out front :)
Greenstreet is okay in terms of the coffee tasting... a bit burnt and very heavy in acid? I've gone to the one in West Philly, and surprisingly it's almost the same with the coffee there. Whenever I have an appointment, I would sometimes come by the coffee shop to get some coffee and pastry early or after my appt to just relax and do some work (with my infant hanging out with me!). The coffee is fine if I have oat milk or sweetener - this place is okay by my standards. The baristas here are very nice and so sweet to my baby though! So The service is good otherwise.
Lovely visit to Green Street today on a quick coffee and tea run. They allow three customers in at a time, and all employees are masked. They also have a huge bottle of hand sanitizer available. 

Coffee and tea were delicious and the baristas made great recommendations. They have Nicaraguan coffee but only for sale in their other location. 

I tried the White Tea- it was delicious! 

Thanks Green Street!
