New restaurant in the hood opened last Friday. Glad to be the early birds to try the menu. Nice place and neat ambiance. The staff is very polite and friendly. We tried Chicken Katsu curry and Hajimaru signature ramen. Both the dishes were delicious. Good flavors, good quantity and veggies as well as meat tasted fresh. Currently soft opening so did not have the skewers but I look forward to trying it next time I visit. Overall liked the place and hope it stays around. Good luck to the entire staff of Hajimaru and welcome to the neighborhood!!!
Vibes: modern, casual ramen joint with mostly hightop bench and window counter seating and a nod to Japan with themed art 

Tasting notes:
-Takoyaki: served piping hot with generous topping of bonito flakes and a strip of sweet mayo; crispy, tender exterior with creamy interior that is filled with multiple pieces of chewy octopus
-Shoyu: broth is not too salty or oily, offers predominantly bone flavor rather than of soy sauce; ramen noodles are wavy with a tender bite; chashu pork is delicate from its fattiness; love the marinated egg with its sweet jammy center 

Other thoughts:
-Got seated as a party of four right away on a rainy Friday evening
-Staff is friendly and attentive
-Service is fairly fast
New hot spot in Fishtown! If you love Ramen then this is the place to be! You can't miss this spot, it's right on the corner and there's plenty of parking. 

Must try: I've been hearing the Fried Calamari was good so why not. The look of it was ehh but the taste was wow. The batter they used to fried the calamari was very good. The crunch/taste was just right and the calamari was flavorful. It also comes with spicy mayo on the side. 

Ramen: both the Miso and Shoyu was great. From the presentation, broth, and noodles. I was stuffed after eating my bowl; I drank the broth too. 

Also got a mini Chashu bowl! Will come back again soon! The staff was awesome and prices are reasonable.
So glad this place opened back up for takeout! It's a little far for me so I unfortunately have to get delivery or go for a long long walk. 

Their signature ramen is slightly pricier than the others but comes with such a large portion! Lots of toppings and one of the best ramen eggs, and lots of noodles! I love their tonkatsu don, but probably could t eat a whole one, so they have add on mini ones for the ramen. Match made in heaven for my belly. 

I also got an order of takoyaki. I love that stuff. Lots of bonito flakes and octopus pieces. Definitely recommend if you like takoyaki!

If you like ramen and other Japanese comfort foods, definitely recommend this place! Super fast, even through delivery.
I went to this ramen place in search of a replacement for Terakawa. This place wasn't as busy (which is a plus- compared to waiting 30+ minutes at terakawa and parking is ridiculous). We ordered the signature ramen (which was highly recommended) and i wasn't as impressed as I wanted to be. Yes, it was tasty and the portion was huge.. but- the charsu wasn't as tender and it didn't melt in my mouth like terakawa. The broth was a majority spice and there wasn't as much flavor. I couldn't taste much besides the spiciness (which I was able to handle). 
I didn't like the noodles. I would much rather prefer the noodles that came with the miso ramen. A wavy soft of egg noodle with this dish or something lighter, since the ramen is pretty heavy. It tasted pretty doughy. 
The egg didn't have too much flavor, as well. I am comparing the ramen to terakawa because that is the hype and one of my favorite ramen places (besides ippudo). The egg just tasted like a plain boiled egg, not marinated. 

Besides the ramen, the appetizers were good. We got the pork bun and takoyaki. I liked the takoyaki, crispy outside and super soft in the inside
The pork bun was okay because the charsu didn't have much flavor- but it's something I'd probably get again.

The service was pretty decent, nothing too extraordinary or above and beyond.
WOW!!

I moved to Fishtown in August and have walked by this place at least 30 times.  A little voice in my head always said, "I love ramen" and "I should check this place out," but I never followed through.  Sometimes it was closed.  Other times I had already eaten somewhere else.  

Tonight was my night.  I finally made it in and got their Signature Ramen.   

It was amazing!!   
The egg in there was spectacular.   Every ingredient in the dish complimented the others.  
I slurped it up like a crazy person.  Noodles and broth dripping off my chin.   I didn't care.  It was so good.  I will definitely go back.   

I highly recommend. 

They also have good Covid safety measures in place.  Sanitizer.  They sanitize pens.  Limited access inside.
My go-to ramen place.

I've probably eaten here a dozen times since it opened, and can confidantly say it's my favorite place to eat at in the city. The environment is chill, hiphop on the speakers passes the ear test (often hear Nas, Lupe, J Cole, of that ilk), the people who work there are super nice and attentive, and the food... 

Every part of the meal hits so good. The apps I don't usually pass up on, rotating what I order each visit, the shumai and calamari are probably what gets ordered most. I almost always get ramen with a small rice bowl. The tan tan mazeman has been a recent addiction, I'll fuck up the signature ramen, and recently had the shio, which I found was simply delicious. The katsu and tonkatsu are almost always ordered, that curry... This place has me all screwed up.

Go. It's wonderful.
Definitely the better ramen spot in philly. If you only had the ramen near Chinatown. You need to come here. They have the best takoyaki. Their broth for the ramen are flavorful and not too salty. Strongly recommend for their special ramen. We will definitely be back soon for more since the weather will getting cold soon. 

Food: 4/5
Service: 5/5
Food worth: 5/5
Atmosphere/vibe: 5/5
tl;dr a modern ramen bar, delivering a trimmed down menu featuring Japanese street-food classics

Alongside the likes of Cheu Fishtown and Sarvida, Hajimaru Ramen is a reflection of Fishtown's burgeoning food scene, offering an interesting take on Asian cuisine at an affordable (albeit, slightly premium) price.

The small room maximizes its space, opting for reclaimed-wood hightop tables and family-style seating. Paper lanterns hang from the rusted tin ceiling. Replicas of traditional Japanese woodblock prints lie opposite a decal of a vibrant Japanese alleyway. Japanese hip hop buzzes quietly in the background. A corner storefront, Hajimaru is flanked by windows on two sides. While this is perfect for your people-watching needs, be warned -- in the early afternoon, the sunset will shine directly in your eyes, and the room will heat up like a greenhouse.

My partner and I stopped in this past weekend for an early dinner. Spots are first-come, first-served, so be sure to get their early for choice seating -- the room was filled by the time our food arrived.

We shared the Tako Yaki and the Hajimaru Signature Ramen. The former consisted of big chunks of octopus, mixed in a doughy batter and deep fried. The result was almost like a baked potato, with a crisp skin around the creamy interior. Topped with spicy mayo and pungent fish flakes, these were the ideal palate whetter for our main course. The ramen was borderline large, served in a savory, subtly spicy broth. I enjoyed the vinegary egg, but I found the pork to be chewy rather than buttery, and the noodles were somewhat undercooked.

For $30, Hajimaru leans toward the pricey side for ramen. While it's a strong addition to the Fishtown neighborhood (I definitely would go here over Cheu Fishtown), I can't see myself ever going out of my way to go there -- not when I live closer to the OG Terakawa in Chinatown.
Shio Ramen was excellent, the broth was light, but rich enough  with a well rounded balance of saltiness .  Chashu was tender and still had a good amount of chew , flame char cut down the richness of the fatty meat and added another level of flavored . Service was prompt and kind . This place has taken a notch up on the ramen game in Philly .
Very modern and new ramen spot that served great ramen. The staff were very friendly and the atmosphere was very chill. It's not a very large restaurant but definitely works if you want to go with a small group of friends. The decor is clean and modern. 

The ramen was very good and definitely met my expectations. I got the curry chicken katsu ramen, the chicken was very crisp and delicious and the broth was spicy and you could really taste the curry flavor. Everything tasted very fresh and looked beautiful as well. In addition, there are veggie options as well as different options for the broth. The staff are very friendly so if you have a question about the menu or would like to substitute with veggie broth they will accommodate.
Great Ramen in Fishtown. Hajimaru Ramen is a wonderful new addition to Fishtown's restaurant scene. The menu is diverse with the specialty being Ramen. We selected the Signature Ramen, which was excellent and a complete meal with spicy Tonkotsu pork broth, tender pork belly, marinated egg, several vegetables and, most importantly, an abundance of delicious, al dente noodles. 
One suggestions is to have the dollop of spicy sauce that sits in the middle of the dish served in a small bowl on the side in order to customize the level of "heat" that you want. 
The restaurant is nicely laid out, bright and comfortably roomy with high tops, regular tables and bar seating facing out. 
The staff was very friendly and efficient. 
Welcome to Fishtown. We'll be back.
Went to the soft opening of Hajimaru Ramen, what a great day to open the snow makes you really want a large bowl of ramen.  My roommate had a conference call so we got our ramen to go but it was cute inside I could see myself eating there in the future.  The to go ramen came where you had to put it together at home it was great the bowl of noodle has room for the broth since who had a larger enough bowl to put together ramen in. I had the chicken Katsu curry, not as spicy as I though it might be but there a small kick to it.
Pleasant surprise. Very friendly staff w rich tasting broth. No complaints here. Gem in Philadelphia.
Ran around the corner tonight to check on the newest ramen venture on the block. Bright, minimal and 100% better than Shoo Fry. You can eat in or take out.

Chashu buns - delicious. The spicy mayo is spectacular. Needs something crunchy inside to provide some extra texture. 

Signature Ramen - spicy broth that doesn't allow the true depth of Tonkotsu shine. Still tasty but I want to try the miso broth the next time. Packed full of proper melt-in-you-mouth chashu, perfectly al dente noodles (maybe a little on the thin side), corn, bok choy and a beautifully marinated soft boiled egg, I'd place ramen above the standard and on the more traditional side. 

Overall, a winner. So thrilled it's close. Will be back for more!
Decor and ambiance leaves much to be desired, but I would say the food is top-notch, with a competitive price point. A simply, but not simplistic menu, makes diverse selection possible without overwhelming an inexperienced ramen eater. 

I got the curry tonkatsu don (curry sauce, crispy pork cutlets, over rice with pickled ginger, diakon, a marinated half egg, and steamed bok choy). Lovely arrangement, giant portion, and satisfying until the end. Back at the office after lunch, I don't feel bloated--a good thing. 

My friend had the special ramen with the "mini" rice bowl (which was rather significant on its own, too). 

Good place; I'll return.
Came here for dinner last Friday. What a great experience! Small cozy setting, not too loud. Menu isn't crazy large so it was easy to navigate. BYOB which is always a nice bonus. Server was super helpful and nice. No reservations so depending on when you go you could have a wait. 

Had the karaage chicken and pork gyoza for appetizers. Karaage chicken is always a winner, and this was no exception. Nice and crispy on the outside but juicy on the inside. Gyoza was also nice and fresh and well cooked. The Ramen was excellent! A huge helping and lots of great toppings. I had the hajimaru ramen. Perfectly cooked pork without too much fat and an egg. I decreased the spice by 1 or 2 chilis which I thought was perfect. Flavorful and the spice wasn't overwhelming. Exactly what was needed on a cold night. 

Was it necessarily the best ramen ever? Probably not. But definitely one of the better experiences I've had in Philly! Check em out for sure.
Wow! Awesome ramen I got the katsu chicken curry. It was just perfect, I also got a small side of rice with pork, both flavors were really great. The noodles were done just right. The broth which I wouldn't call spicy was such a nice rich curry sauce. The katsu chicken which can sometimes be boring just wasn't, it was really great and the sauce that comes with it really rounded out the whole meal. The place is nice inside and the staff were very friendly and helpful.
I ordered for pick up through Grubhub. Great in communication. They called when my coworker didn't pick up as scheduled and they were willing to redo my order when they missed my notes.

They are also able to make low sodium for each kind of ramen.

Octopus balls: only several bits of octopus. Mostly dough. The sauce is very delicious and it has generous amount of bonito flakes to give umami flavor.

Calamari is very greasy but soft and perfectly cooked.

Miso: very light and great. The pork is so tender and melts in your mouth.

My husband had the signature ramen and he likes it.

The to go container is a very nice size of bowl perfect size after you put the broth in and it is microwaveable.

I had to untangle the noodles because they are crumpled and sticks together. That's why I took a star down.
Really a gem!!! I was recommended by a close buddy of mine about this place. It just opened a few days ago. It not hard to find, located right on 2nd and Girard. Parking wasn't hard to find. Got there around lunch time and man this was getting packed. The place isn't huge, seats probably about 25 to 30 people. So get there fast and early. Got my seat right away and was handed a menu. The menu is simple and small which made it fast to go through. And it didn't take me long to decide which I like. Because you will know they focus their time and work on perfecting their foods. 

I got their signature ramen Hajimaru spicy ramen with a side order of chicken katsu over curry rice. Chicken was marinated well and fried perfectly with panko bread crumbs. Rice is a Japan short grain rice (sushi rice). It's cooked on point. People sometimes don't know or don't understand. Japanese rice is a little more sticky than jasmine rice or balsamic rice. Like all rices, to much water it's mush. Too little, it's inedible and grainy. The curry sauce has a little heat to it. Spicy but not to point where it burns your mouth. Just enough to compliment the spices. It's also a very fragrant curry sauces. 
The ramen, pork broth base. To ramen the broth is the key to make or break you. It takes year of training and tweaking to get it up to standard. They got it right. Light and milky pork bone broth where it doesn't leave you with greasy lips. Not that there anything wrong with it. You can taste the full porky flavor with just one sip. You can also tell it took at lease 7 to 8 hours to prepare. Not overly seasoned like a lot of place do. These guys kept it simple and let the broth shine like a star. I've gotta say like drugs, one sip and you'll be hooked. 
The ramen they use is a fresh,straight and thin type. They cooked al dente the way it should be cooked. The cha shu is nicely charred and tender. It's melt away in your mouth tender. It's you don't have to chew tender. I also taste a hint of soy in the pork belly which made it even more tasty. I have to say it's one of the best cha shu I've had in a long time. But I can't forget about the soy marinated soft boiled egg. The egg is so good I have no words. Creamy yolk and marinated in what I think is soy base marination. 

I'm impressed really impressed. Not only do they have great ramen but fried curry chicken katsu over rice is a killer. The pork belly bao is no joke either. I've got to say the ramen scene in philly just got another strong competitor. I'm definitely going back to try the whole menu. Go give this a try fast and you won't be disappointed.
One of my top 3 ramen places in Philly! Based off of tonkotsu broth, they make spicy, miso, shoyu (soy sauce), shio (salt), or curry ramens! Although their broth is not my favorite in the city (though that's probably more based off of personal preference), their chasu is melt-in-your-mouth slow-cooked goodness! Their eggs are also perfectly soft boiled and marinated. Plus, when you order ramen, you can add a mini-rice bowl for just $3! I ordered the tonkatsu curry, which was perfectly crispy and juicy. 

Will definitely be returning!
Kept seeing this place on my feed and was realllly curious to try cus I'm a sucker for ramen. Nice and attentive staff, solid presentation, I think it's surprisingly a good bang for your buck too. But for ramen, the flavor just isn't so memorable. I'm not saying it's bad, but it just feels like there's something missing.  

Tried the signature ramen - less spicy (which cost an extra $1 btw!!) Makes me think they prob took a shio broth or something and just added less spice rather than using the stock signature broth they had and I appreciated the less spice but beside that I'm not sure the actual broth had as much flavor as I would like. Not much umami/fatty or creamy flavor. Depending on your preferences you might not mind. Same impression on the chicken katsu curry ramen and the mini chicken curry katsu bowl - not a very strong curry like taste. Also for the bowl, they used a very thin curry sauce, not thick like the one at Terakawa. Unlike Terakawa though, the mini bowl here is WAY! bigger and with wayyy more katsu!! 

So besides the broth, I think all of the components of the food here is very well done. The proteins are perfectly cooked: chicken katsu is perfectly breaded with a nice crisp and still moist chicken. The chashu is beautiful and had a great char and flavor! I thinks it's the perfect fat to meat ratio. I find some places go too fatty. Thick noodles with a nice chew. 

Also! Takoyaki - spicy! A bit of a kick. First place I've been to that gives you THREE PIECES OF OCTOPUS!!! A little over cooked tho so it's hard and chewy... I also think it's over doused in sauce so the crisp part of the takoyaki becomes soggy but it's got the flavor and the inside texture down.

Overall, I would return cause it's a decent ramen spot and I'm curious to try their other broths.
Hajimaru is the newest addition to the ramen restaurants in Philadelphia. I got the signature ramen with no spice, the ramen was on the salty side but overall I would not order it again. I also got the Chashu pork bowl on the side with my ramen, the pork was soft and amazing. I totally recommend the chashu pork over the ramen for sure! Another factor to consider is the small number of tables and seats. But overall a great place to hang out with a small batch of friends.
Their noodle is house made. But when i took it for take out, the noodle tasted so floury. Ask i took my first bite, i tasted nothing but flour packed noodles. I will love to try again some day but maybe dine in. Never getting take out again.
Really cute inside. Food was delicious. Got the shoyu ramen and husband got the hajimaru signature ramen. We also got the karaage chicken. Everything was really good and tasted like warmth. The karaage chicken's accompanying sauce has a nice tang to it. The egg in the ramen was delicious and the broth is really good. Customer service was on point. Would definitely come here again!!
Delicious broth, quality ingredients. I had the spicy special one. We also got the karagge chicken, which was pretty good too. I loved their drink selection, including a refreshing sparkling Yuzu one. Friendly staff. I will definitely be back
This place was small with limited seating, but the ambiance was nice. I ordered the signature ramen without spicy, a mini tonkatsu curry bowl, and the fried calamari. The signature ramen came with white noodles instead of the classic yellow egg noodles but all the toppings complemented the ramen nicely. Although it was slightly salty, the chasu melted in my mouth and was delicious. The mini tonkatsu curry bowl had a kick of spiciness to it and the tonkatsu was crispy. The fried calamari was pretty good and came with a side of spicy mayo. I would definitely come back here again to try the chasu buns and a different ramen on the menu!
Good food fresh veggies good service and very nice atmosphere highly recommend ! This is will be my spot for ramen!!
Came here to satisfy a ramen craving. I tried the Miso Ramen. The broth/veggies weren't as flavorful as I expected but the chashu was the best I've ever had. It was tender and flavorful, and it really made the ramen.

We also tried the Karaage Chicken and a few other apps, which were all really good! The space is small, and the service was wonderful.
One of the finer ramen restaurants in Philly! Going with the signature ramen, the broth boasts a deep, rich flavor with a portion size that is bound to satisfy. The meat slices have a robust texture and the various components contribute gracefully to the dish. The bright, clean interior gives the restaurant a comfortable lunch ambience. I would definitely want to revisit again to try their other selections!
We stopped by this place and did not realize it was a soft opening. I got the takoyaki, chaschu buns and the Hajimaru ramen. The takoyaki was pretty good nothing super crazy but satisfying. The chaschu buns tasted pretty fresh and really liked it! The Hajimaru ramen was very good. The broth had a good kick too it and the pork was really soft and really like the fact they give you a whole egg since a lot of places give you half an egg. Would def return!
This place was a bummer. We were so excited to have a new ramen place in our neighborhood but sadly after trying we will not return. The Tan Tan noodles had no flavor at all. We asked for a chili paste or something of spice to kick it up a notch and received something very similar to the bland flavor of sriracha. The TanTan noodles tasted like your standard grocery pack of ramen, in fact we have had better store bought ramen noodles in terms of the noodle and flavor from spring garden market.

We also got the Chashu buns and Karaage chicken, both were not very good with hardly any flavor. The Karaage chicken breading and the meat texture were quite strange as well.

Overall, sad to say that everything was a a bit disappointing.
We came to Hajimaru Ramen in philly on a Sunday morning right when they opened back in the middle of February. Quickly, the restaurant began to fill up and soon there was a wait line already forming so we were lucky to grab a table when they opened their doors.
As an appetizer, we ordered the takoyaki. It came out relatively quickly and we very good. Extra hot and the flavor was your typical takoyaki. As for our ramen, I ordered the Signature Hajimaru ramen made less spicy. Our server was very patient and accommodating. The ramen was very filling and there were a lot of variety of toppings in the ramen. Although the broth lacked the flavor I typically like from ramen, it was still really good and warmed me up.
This place is definitely worth a visit!
A new ramen spot in the neighborhood, and it's really good. Had the signature ramen as well as the fried dumplings. The fried dumplings were very tasty and the wonton shell was thin and delicate making them crispier than most fried wontons. 

The ramen did not disappoint spicy and flavorful. I see this place curing my hangovers in the future. 

Also they had some interesting Japanese sodas that were tasty.
Amazing marinated egg & absolutely devine fried octopus balls! A must try! I was completely impressed by everything i tried in which incidentally was my 1st time to have either dish. I can't say enough about those delicious marinated eggs served in the Ramen. In addition to the delicious food the service was also A+.. 5 STARS of yum!
This restaurant is a new entry to the developing ramen scene in philly. I was there when they had a  soft opening of the restaurant. So it was well crafted limited menu.

I got the karage chicken for the appetizer. It was crispy and good. I then got the signature ramen and loved it. The chashu was cooked really good and it had a very distinct flavor. I'm planning to get a side of it the next time i'm there. The tonkotsu broth was good too but I've had better. It lacked a bit of flavor and consistency but I think the chashu balanced it out. 

And I also would like to appreciate the crew working there. They were welcoming and were courteous enough to accommodate our party when we arrived 10 mins late to our reservation. 

Good luck guys!
Stopped by just after 5 on 2/6/2019 excellent service and very tasty food. I highly recommend you go.

Food: We had the shio ramen, signature ramen, tako yaki, chashu buns, and calamari. Food came out quickly. Chashu buns were well balanced and delicious. The calamari was simply fried I a tempura and perfectly crisp. There was a generous amount of bonito flakes over the tako yaki taking which was in my wife's words "the best tako yaki she's ever had." 

Both ramen bowls were a good size portion, both of our broths were delicious, the shio was light and delicate, the signature a delicious spicier version of the tonkotsu broth with a bunch of extra toppings added. The noodles were great and all of the accoutrements had a level of care in their preparation. The menma (bamboo shoots) and marinated eggs particular my stood out in comparison to other ramen shops I have eaten at as being well seasoned. 

Service: I was warmly greeted by staff. Service was attentive and nice without being overbearing. Empty dishes were promptly cleared and water was refilled when low. 

Space: The interior has a seaside industrial feel with rusted corrugated steel tiles in the ceiling and wood walls and tables. Some There are 2 long tables with 6 seats and 2 bars facing out the windows all with tall stools. Walls have some Japanese woodblock style prints to add a bit of flair. Overall welcoming environment
I had high hopes for this place but was sadly disappointed. The broth lacks flavor and the noodles they use are skinnier than typical ramen noodles which is one of my favorite things about ramen. Not impressed and won't be returning.
Cozy atmosphere with friendly staff.   Great addition to the neighborhood.  For $3 you can get a mini rice bowl with curry and cutlet along with your ramen.  Was satisfied and full.  Toki Yaki was really good,  crispy and loaded with squid and shrimp.

Tasty meal overall thanks!
I'm very sad that this place was disappointing to me. I got the got their signature ramen and the pork buns. I liked the toppings on the ramen, especially the bamboo shoots, but the broth lacked depth, a little bland, and I didn't really like the noodles. I loveeeee ramen,  but I felt like the ramen was too doughy? It almost had that hand drawn noodle texture, but I prefer a lighter noddles for ramen. The pork buns were average. The servers were nice and prompt. The place filled up pretty quickly for a Monday night. I hope before their grand opening they can make some tweaks, especially the ramen since it's a pretty pricey $15. We sat on the low top table and it really bothered me that the chairs were way too low for the tables. I'm not that short and I felt like I was shriveled up  eating my food.. I would try to sit on the high top tables if possible. I don't want to give a horrible rating but this is my honest opinion!
What a wonderful place!

A convenient location by the intersection of Frankford and Girard. A cool, moderate sized location with attentive, friendly staff. 

Food was really good. Got the octopus balls, which I really enjoyed. Their appetizer menu looked really good - wish I gotten more. The people next to me got the chicken katsu - which looked crispy and delicious. But I was very happy with my choice - crispy on the outside, warm and yummy center, with perfect toppings of spicy mayo and bonito flakes. 

I forgot the name of the ramen I got (oops) but it was really good. The broth had lots of flavor. The chashu was tender. I enjoyed the other toppings of bamboo, marinated egg, and bean sprouts (which I normally don't like - but worked well with this). 

Five stars. Would bring friends here and then head right over to Garage next door.
Let me go right ahead and say it - Hajimaru is better than their hipster counterpart, Cheu, and for that matter, most ramen shops in Philly. Prob not quite on the level of Terakawa but definitely top 3. We're splitting hairs here.

If you're in Fishtown, you might go to Cheu for the happy hour inebriation and ambiance, but Hajimaru is the go-to for a fuss-free dining experience and of course, authentic noodles (no weird matzo ball in your soup here). We've order a variety of things from the menu and have come here multiple times. The signature ramen is our favorite as well as karaage chicken appetizer.

Oh yeah, and they're BYOB. Happy hour is not necessary.
The best ramen I've ever had. I love that they give a vegetarian option for the broth. Incredible food, excellent service and very clean bathroom. I think it's my new favorite spot.
We had a group of four. We were seated at a shared high top table. The restaurant seems like it can seat about 28-30 people. I got the Shoyu ramen and karaage chicken. My friends got the signature ramen. They enjoyed their ramen. I tried the soup base, it was spicy but not overwhelming. The karaage chicken was limey. The Shoyu ramen was okay, could be more flavorful. The fried garlic condiment helped. 
I also got the mini curry katsu rice for $3 with ramen purchase. Large portion for a side! That's always a plus. I think it's a good addition to the area. 

Street parking. 
Good service.
The ramen was incredible but I wish the restaurant had room to dine in, we had to get the ramen to go and I would have preferred the option to have it fresh. However the food was ready super fast after we placed the order and everything tasted great/fresh. Get the signature ramen, the broth is
Giving this a 3.5/5 stars. 

Ordered the hajimaru signature ramen. Wasn't a big fan of the broth, was too light. However, the noodles were al dente, just how I like them. Char shu has that slight burnt taste, thumbs up on that. Karage was fried nicely and came with a good sauce that was slightly sweet, sour but salty at the same time, similar to ranch. Forgot exactly, but we had pork or chicken katsu, it was the first thing finished because who doesn't like fried pork/chicken? Servers were attentive and nice. Located in fishtown so if you stop by here, you can jump over to a couple bars to grab a drink after.
Came here with friends on a busy Friday night. They were able to make some space for us in about 15 mins without reservations. The place is very nice and had a comfortable atmosphere to it.

I got the Hajimaru signature ramen. Delicious soup broth, well cooked noodles, and decent chashu. It is a hearty ramen that has a wide variety of ingredients to make it a very balanced dish, each component fitting well with each other. If only the broth was more spicy.

I feel a need to make a separate paragraph about the marinated eggs they have in the ramen because they were AMAZING. Definitely one of the best marinated eggs I've had in the city. Full of body and flavor with a slight hint of sweetness. A great addition to any dish.

The karrage was ok. Nicely battered and light but it wasn't anything amazing. The chicken ranged between dry and someone moist. 

The takoyaki on the other hand was amazing! Well made and nicely fried. They did not skimp on the octopus and you get a good amount with each bite. The takoyaki wasn't doughy just a delicious ball of flavor. 

All in all an amazing experience with very nice and engaging staff. The food is great and I 100% recommend the takoyaki and signature ramen. At the very least add some of their amazing marinated eggs to your dish. Will certainly be back again!
I'm so ready for a ramen joint in Philly that gives Terakawa a run for its money, but alas, that day has not yet come.

I came during off-peak hours on a weekday, so the place was fairly empty. I got the Miso ramen, along with a mini curry Tonkatsu rice bowl. The rice bowl was pretty decent and bigger than I'd expected. When I eat ramen, I seldom leave noodles in my bowl, but unfortunately, this was the case here (or maybe it was because of my cold, which prompted the search for a steaming bowl of ramen in the first place). 

Nothing in the ramen really stood out. I could barely taste the miso flavor in the broth, and the broth also did not have much substance or umami. The fish cake was a bit slimy. The pork was hard and a little overcooked (although I did appreciate the char). The noodles... well, they kind of reminded me of the ones I get in ramen packets. 

I'm probably not returning any time soon, but it was worth a try!
My husband and I were in the area when we remembered one of those Yelp alerts about a new place that we may like (thanks, Yelp!). 

We arrived just before things started to pick up, so we we're seated immediately. The place is small, so some who came in after us had a bit of a wait to be seated. Luckily, the food is prepared quickly, so your wait is never too long. 

Our server was friendly and helpful. Our appetizer, chashu buns, were brought out quickly and the two buns were perfect for the two of us. The pork was perfectly balanced with the fresh vegetables and super soft bun.

Just as we finished the buns, our ramen was brought out. Yo, this ramen is bomb. My Hajimaru Signature Ramen had a delicious, flavorful, slightly spicy broth, perfectly cooked pork belly, and the most beautiful jammy egg to top it all off. It doesn't get any better than this. My husband got the Chashu Don Rice Bowl and thoroughly enjoyed it as well. He appreciated that it had way less spice than the ramen and that they included some non-soup options. 

We'll definitely be back again. Hopefully this restaurant lasts longer than the last two in this location.
Good ramen. Not the best. But good. Broth is mediocre thick. Flavors aren't strong. Noodle texture is nice and fresh. Shio ramen could be better with extra toppings. Hajimaru signature ramen is nice and real spicy. Love the egg. Not the fake kinda spicy. Yummy overall. But would not drive to Fishtown for this bowl of ramen.
Good ramen! I got the miso ramen, which was good. My friend got the Hajimauru Signature Ramen, which I thought was much better than the miso ramen. Go with the Signature Ramen if you want spicy. 

The restaurant is in a convenient location with quick, convenient, and good service. I recommend it.
So I was here when they first opened and came back a few days ago. I'm not impressed. Their ramen isn't bad, but it's not quite there compared to other ramen places. There's something about the broth. It seems that almost all of them are similar tasting with an unpleasant pork taste. The saving grace is perhaps the appetizers and tea. They deserve close to 3 and half stars but I'm rounding it up.
This place was amazing. 

Came by for lunch and the place was empty. We were greeted by a friendly wait staff who told us we could sit anywhere.  

The decor and ambience was very appealing. The paintings of Japan on the wall were nice visuals. Had to use the restroom and I typically never use a public restroom because most are not clean. This bathroom on the other hand was sparkling clean, with an oscillating fan, an air wick spray and everything was fully stocked. 

I had the fried crab dumpling, edamame and a mango creamy soda. Everything came out relatively quick, no much waiting done and you can see right into the kitchen from the dining area. My crab dumplings were nice and hot and crispy, the edamame was fine. The soda was different but I really liked the taste of it. I didn't get much of a creamy taste just tasted like a mango soda. 

Face mask aren't required and staff is not wearing any mask.
I love me some ramen! Went a little out of the city to try this place while visiting Philadelphia. The service was great. Friendly staff. We order two ramens, chicken katsu and two mini rice bowls. The dishes are huge and plenty of flavor! For $3 a rice bowl they are so big! The cha siew rice is so freaking good! The curry katsu has a nice kick to it. The ramens had a nice bite to them and the bowls were loaded with ingredients. I ordered a special one for the kids since they didnt want certain stuff in it and it wasnt an issue with the server. Overall we enjoyed our meal and would go back if we were in the neighborhood
Hajimaru Signature Ramen - broth was a bit spicy, the noodles were al dente.  For you get, it's certainly a bit pricy.  Was able to replace the pork with chicken katsu cutlet (for an extra $2).

Service - was good.
Came for ramen while Hajimaru is still going through their soft opening so they were upfront with having everything but the skewers and the mid eggplant appetizer. 

It's a super convenient location right off the Girard septa station. There were two counter sections facing the window with bar seats, two large six seaters, and two small two person tables. 

We came a little after opening and were really surprised by the amount of people that were there and started flooding in after we got there. Seems like they're doing really well! 

We got the chicken katsu appetizer which was pretty good. It had a nice crispness to the coating and the sauce was really good although I wish they gave us more or was on top instead. Wish there was a little cabbage on the side, but it was fine either way. 

For the ramen, we got the signature Hajimaru Ramen and the shoyu. My companion got the shoyu which looked really good. The cut of the chashu looked really great and she seemed to really enjoy the broth. The signature had a lot of toppings such as corn, bean sprouts, bamboo shoots, fishcake, chashu, and a whole marinated egg. The spicy broth was really rich and flavorful with the right amount of spice to compliment. The noodles were nice and chewy.

**just watch out, my ramen (the signature) didn't have any chashu which I actually didn't notice until now that I think about it, and didn't have the whole marinated egg which I noticed and asked for. These toppings take up a lot of the price as a marinated egg and 1 piece of chashu is priced at $2 a piece. Make sure you get everything in your bowl!! ** 

For now I'll give it a 3.5/5, round up to 4 since it's still in the opening stages, but definitely worth going back to.
Writing this review makes me happy after knowing Fishtown has a great ramen joint. I came here with my friend on a Thursday night and thankfully (for us) it wasn't crowded. I opt for the Signature Ramen and have no complaints whatsoever. The flavor hit the spot and the portion was just right. My friend enjoyed her Miso ramen as well but was hoping for more flavor. I dont think it was a biggie since the resto does provide seasonings on the side. We also ordered Karaage Chicken and it was juicy and delicious! Love the white sauce on the side for extra love. Oh, don't forget to their  cream sodas! We ordered mango and melon flavor and I have to say the mango was better the melon. I can taste the mango flav more than the melon; nevertheless, both were a nice addition to the bowls of ramen. The price was reasonable so that's always good.

Tip: if you pay with cash you get 10% off.
Been here a couple of times and this place does not disappoint me. Tried a new dish this time i.e. Curry Karage Chicken Bowl. The chicken was marinated in soy garlic and was so tender...loved the taste of it. Also the pickled radish that come on it was so delicious. If you looking for a spicy kick then signature ramen is your go to dish. The flavor is so good and gives a kick on every bite.
The APPETIZERS ARE WHERE IT'S AT!

Takoyaki 
-Soft and pillow-y, freshly made! 
-Topped with bonito flakes and Japanese mayo and brown takoyaki sauce. 

Chicken Karage
-crunchy, moist chicken, aioli sauce on the side. 
-hot right out of the fryer

Char shu Bun 
-I think the best think is in this establishment is the Char shu pork. It's soft, melt-in-your mouth yummy.  
-Bun was also soft and nice
-there's a quarter-sized cucumber in there for some crunch.

I'm a sauce person and the sauces on the appetizers were on point!

I tried the TanTan Men and added Bamboo shoots (cost extra). Half Soft Boiled Egg (Not extra) was infused with tea or soy sauce for that light brown color. 
There's a spicy symbol next to the Tan tan men but I didn't think it was that spicy. It was manageable. The noodles that come with Tan Tan men is the squiggly chewy on the thicker side noodles. 

The curry in the Chicken Katsu is very flavorful with emphasis on curry and sweetness. 

On the side, you can add fried garlic chips for extra flavor. Red pepper for extra spice. 

Ambiance is nice and clean. 
Love that they have tables with hooks underneath for your backpacks and purses. They have wooden boards with Japanese writing on hooks, making the shop look authentic.
I was really impressed with Hajimaru! We ordered their buns which were incredible... really fresh and good flavor.  I had the soy ramen and my boy had the specialty spicy ramen. We were both really impressed by them! I was famished when we went and I wasn't able to finish my bowl. Not only is it a healthy portion size but all the goodies were proportionate in the context of the whole bowl. I want to try their "lightly salted" broth and more of their apps. Plus it's a BYO, and not a hassle to get a table at. OH and the eggs and pork are really good! Lastly, the staff was extremely friendly. We will for sure be back. Actually, just typing this review from last night is making me hungry for it again.... :)
