This is definitely my newest Chinatown hot spot.  Hot pot is fantastic.  For those of you not familiar with it, think of Korean BBQ, except that you stick things in a pot of broth instead of over a grill.  It's a great way to cook meats, vegetables, etc in a flavored broth.  

Here you can choose the type of broth you want.  Next you get a huge piece of paper where you can mark all the ingredients you want to boil and eat.  There is a huge selection of meat types, seafood, veggies, and other miscellaneous items.  One of my favorites was available here:  quail eggs!!!

The interior is a lot larger than you would think from the outside.  It can fit quite a number of people.  There are booths on the sides and tables in the middle.  It is clean, well-lit, and very comfortable.  

This is a great style of eating that is perfect for interaction and conversation in a group of people.  Having to cook the food yourself really does bring out even the most introverted people.  

For dessert, it was this sweet bread with condensed milk.  Absolutely fantastic!!

Give this place a try.  You will not regret it.
This is what you dream of eating on a cold Philadelphia evening! From the outside, it looked empty, but when you walked in, you see the spacious seating hidden in the back. The place was clean and modern, and the service was quick!

You start off by choosing a soup base, which I think is central to the hot pot experience! We went for the original broth, which was very flavorful and delicious. Looking back, I wish we had gotten the half and half with the spicy broth as well. A spicy kick would have been nice, especially since there weren't any dipping sauces, which I think was the only thing lacking from an otherwise fantastic meal! 

The portions are generous, and between three people, we shared a meatball sampler, seafood sampler, tofu, beef, lamb, noodles, yam, boo choy, and noodles, which was a perfect amount for us, and ended up being about ~$22-25 per person, which we thought was very reasonable!
I have been here at least three times in the past two months and I cannot seem to get enough!!! Especially great for large parties who are not afraid to eat from the same pot or share food. 

They are famous for their soup base. I always order the half spicy/half original for variety of flavors. The soup is herbal, milky, and SCRUMPTIOUS!  I have never had anything quite like it, as far as depth and development of flavors.

They have a wide range of options to cook and eat with your soup, it really depends on your personal preferences. I love their shrimp paste, fish balls filled with roe, and their lamb options are quite good. I always have to order some vegetables, and either rice or noodles to balance out all the flavors. 

Although the entire meal can be pretty pricey depending on what and how much you order, it is a great option instead of preparing everything at home. A plus, staff is also nice and attentive.
Everyone knows how much I love hot pots. I've been to several of the hot pot places in the area, Nine Ting, Hippot. I've gladly indulged in overeating at the AYCE places for the sake of eating my worth.  This place is not AYCE and was packed on a Friday night. Although it was not AYCE, you could still indulge in a healthy amount of eating (not in anyway unbutton my pants night, but just a tinge bit I overate) for the same price as AYCE (maybe a little bit pricier actually).

Let's start of with the price. It is ala carte and it does cost a pretty penny to eat here. It was $50 some bucks for the two of us. We ordered some of the specialty items such as shrimp paste and fish ball with roe. We also got a slice beef plate that was $9.50 for 6 slices- that was regrettable. Overall the quality of food was a lot fresher than AYCE places. This place actually recommends against saucing and we enjoyed our food without having to sauce it because the milk bone broth was so flavorful. They also offered the option of boxing your broth to take home, which we declined, but may consider during a future cold wintery night. 

On another note, I'm afraid they are going to jack up their prices based on how well they do. They currently have two menus with different price points. When asked about it they mentioned that they are using the lower price point menu prices currently. If they don't jack up their prices, my SO and I will come back and enjoy some of their other home made hot pot items.
[edit: message from manager states that they don't plan to increase prices in the near future]
I had never had Hot Pot before. It was my first, and definitely not my last time. The variety of options to put in your broth (we got half our broth spicy ) was endless, with options like lamb meat wontons, Bak Choy, shrimp meatballs and Taro. I was on cloud nine the entire meal. We got in just before the crowds really hit, and even with the floor full of hungry patrons, the acoustics of the restaurant somehow allowed you to have a proper conversation with your dinner party without getting drowned out by other guests. 
The service was excellent, our glasses never less than half full. I am delighted with my experience, and the prices are not nearly as hefty as I was expecting them to be. Share a meal with friends, they've got something for everyone!
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place sooner. If you're looking for authentic Asian food, Little Sheep is a must! I am usually one of the only people there that doesn't appear to be of oriental descent but that just means I am in the right place.

You walk in and the smell of delicious soup broth hits you in the face like a ton of heavenly bricks. You go through the menu and pick everything you want. I usually get some kind of sliced meat, the vegetable platter, croutons, some kind of seafood that I like, and some kind of food that is new to me. This could be duck feet, pork intestine, octopus, or a number of other things. If you need some guidance, chefs' choices are highlighted in bold on the menu. When it comes, you cook the food in a pot of boiling soup. You get to choose the broth. I always choose the half and half so that you can have spicy or regular depending on your preferences.

This kind of dining is great for groups of 2-4 and really brings everyone together for a fun experience. Be careful! Food cooks for different amounts of times. If you need help, ask your servers. They will be glad to advise you on cooking times. Also, if the broth is too hot or too cold, you can mess with the heat with the knob on the side of the table. Enjoy!
So I've got to give this place praise where praise is due - I think that of the hot pot spots in the Chinatown area, this place has hands-down the freshest and highest quality ingredients, and the tastiest broth. The pork bone broth is my favorite but the spicy one is also good if you really like that numbing Szechuan peppercorn sensation. Or half and half if you can't choose!

Understandably, this place is not all you can eat unlike the other comparable establishments in the area but it more than makes up for the lack of an AYCE option with much higher quality ingredients, and reasonable prices per plate compared to Chubby Cattle which seems to be the hot spot for hot pot right now. I don't eat as much as I used to so I'm totally fine with this option and the bill for me actually ends up being similar to other AYCE spots whenever I come here - at about $30 a person you can leave feeling very satiated. 

They did actually have an all you can meat option during their off-season (summertime) but it's kinda wack since it doesn't include veggies and only applies to meats which for me kind of defeats the purpose of hot pot - I found myself having to eat excessive amounts of meat to get my money's worth and neglected the veggies, resulting in a overly filling and not super enjoyable experience. 

Pro-tip: the broth is ~much~ more flavorful than the other AYCE places in town to the extent that it's slightly too salty at the start but don't worry, I think it's better that way since throughout the meal the broth gets much more diluted as you add veggies and the servers come and re-fill the pot with the standard stock, which is more watered down. By the end of the meal the broth is actually perfect and suuuper tasty after having all those meat juices boil in it throughout the duration of the meal.
Little Sheep is amazing! I arrived at 5:30 pm on a Friday because that was the time Yelp said it opened. There were other customers already seated so I have a feeling that it opened at 5. Regardless, we were able to get a table right away. I did notice that it got busier around 6 so, but it never seemed like there was a long wait. 

We ordered the half house half spicy broth (the spicy broth is just the regular broth with chili oil and chilis). They charge you per person for the broth, but the waiters and waitresses comes around with additional broth pretty often. The menu prices are pretty decent. Our bill was $55 for two people, but we also ordered wayyy more than we should have. 

Little Sheep also recently started selling ice cream for $3 a cup. One cup is definitely enough for two people, especially after you've just stuffed your face with hot pot. The day I visited, they only had Taro and Black Sesame. I tried the Black Sesame and was very surprised by how much I liked it. One of the waiters swung by our table as we were leaving to ask how we liked it and told us that they will have more flavors in the future. 

What stood out to me the most about Little Sheep was how polite, attentive, and helpful the entire wait staff was. We didn't have a single waiter or waitress, but instead the entire staff attended to us throughout the night as they saw we needed assistance. The restaurant is also very clean and well run. I love that it is perfect for both small and large groups. I can't wait to come back!
FYI: They do have an all you can eat meat option, but only on the weekdays!!

PROS: Y'ALL....I AM IN LOVE. Like I know their soup bases are pretty famous for being super flavorful but I was not expecting the flavor punch and beautiful richness that blessed my taste buds. Sauces are not required because like seriously...you don't need it. Their hot pot items were also nicely presented and prepared. They make sure to properly thaw/cut every item before putting it in front of you. The staff there was also very attentive and nice. Loved every bit of it.

CONS: Yeah...weekend prices are a bit steep. Every item is priced differently and the costs do add up. But for 4 people to eat their fill, I think our total wasn't terrible and was pretty much the same as a 4 person dinner at any other nice restaurant.
This was my first time doing Hot Pot and it was a nice experience.  We did the waitlist app through yelp so we only had like a 10 minute wait which was good because the place was pretty packed.  You sit down and order your protein.  I do not eat most meat, only seafood, so I did not like that there was not a vegetarian option on the menu.  So I still paid the same price as everyone who got meat but did not receive anything extra.  That was the reason for not giving 5, because I feel there should be an option on the menu that says vegetarian with a slightly lower proce since we are not getting the fresh cut meat the other tables are getting.  

They have a buffet like setup where you can grab your noodles, vegetables, seafood, and other items to add to your hot pot.  I love that they had a great variety of green vegetables and noodles.  I loved the squid ink noodles.

Our waitress was pretty attentive nad very helpful for us being first timers.  I got the vegetable broth which was very good but contained a lot of the inedible peppers.
Party of 4 of us went here for my dads birthday. I definitely recommend checking in online via Yelp as it can get pretty packed during dinner time. We waited 20 minutes, so not too bad.


This is AYCE hotpot for $25 a person. We got half original and half spicy broth. I loved the spicy broth! definitely add your side dishes into the broth and as it cools down the broth will get more flavorful. Our waitress took our meat orders right away. We ordered 3 at a time as there is a huge buffet style area of so many choices of vegetables, noodles, seafood, fish balls, etc. so much variety!!

I loved the Chinese donuts that they offered to dip into the broth. They're not sweet. It is a flaky fried "churro" looking bread stick that just soaks up all of the delicious broth. 

Service was really good and tentative. There is dessert at the end as well! An ice-cream machine and traditional asian deserts (red bean soup). 

I would come back for sure!
This is by far my favorite place for hotpot in philly. They have some of the most flavorful broths that I don't feel the need to use any sauce. Their items are fairly priced too and it comes in good portions. Some of my favorites to get are the fishball with rho, fatty angus beef, and the udon noodles. My go to for the broth is the half and half which is spicy and the Tom yum. The spicy is definitely my favorite but the Tom yum is great as well.
A better price point than some other hot pot restaurants in the city, but we didn't feel that the meat/veggie/fish options and quality were as good as other places. There wasn't a peanut-based sauce available, which is one of my favorite additions at other hot pot joints. 
Inside - This place is huge. Beautiful decor and plenty of seating. Random 2000s top 100 hip hop and pop music playing throughout the restaurant. Fun vibe.
I've been to Little Sheep Mongolian Hot Pot over 40 times. It's embarrassing that I come here three to four times a week, but it's honestly great. 

They have a wide selection of meats and vegetables. Unlike some other Little Sheep's, this one is not a buffet, and you order amounts with the standard green sheet. There are multiple broths, and they have traditional hot pot (of course) as well as cooked dishes. The portions are about large, and I always feel full, even bloated sometimes.

I usually order the Spring Lamb, Napa Cabbage, Spinach, and Glass Noodles. Depending whether or not I come with others, I also order the house special shrimp meatballs, lamb skewers, and soft tofu. I'm never disappointed with the taste. Even if you're not supposed to use sauce, I always opt for the Cha sha(?) sauce.

The service here is always top notch. The waiters are very attentive and always come by to refill soup and water. They do a great job, especially with managing large groups.

Definitely a place to go to. My only complaint would be that they don't allow reservations, but occasionally you can call early and sign into the waitlist. On Friday's and Weekends, there will most definitely be a line and wait.
I've never been a fan of eating hot pot outside of the home, but I thought I should at least give it a try for a friend's birthday dinner I was planning. Unfortunately, they do not take reservations, but if you call in about a half an hour prior to arrival, they will hold a table for you as a long as you arrive on time. 

I had a group of about 10 people. We were fortunate enough to get a table with no long wait. They have a big selection of meats, vegetables, and noodles; however they only offer 2 types of broths: House Original & House Spicy (which you can buy at Asian supermarkets). We got half & half. Sauces are not complimentary nor are they offered unless you personally ask for it, which I find strange. Sauces with hot pot makes sense, but apparently, it doesn't to them. 

We probably ordered the whole menu. #GOBIGORGOHOME haha! We ordered so much, everything couldn't fit on our table. They ended up giving us 2 tray stands to hold the remaining food that didn't make it on the table. The food was decent, but the service was horrendous. Our server was super rude. Although it's not common to eat hot pot with rice, a few of my friends asked for rice. The server laughed at us and said "you don't eat hot pot with rice." Who are you to tell us how to eat? We're paying for it. We never got our water refilled and we had to flag a server down every time we needed something. 

Here's the cherry on top. I brought in a birthday cake upon arrival behind the birthday girl's back as a surprise. Towards the end of dinner, I left the dinner table to whisper to one of the servers that we're ready for the cake. He smiled and said "sure, no problem." He brought out the cake alright. He placed it on the table in the box I gave them in along with the newly packaged candles in a plastic bag in front of the birthday girl! I was livid. I thought it would be common sense to take out the cake with the candles lit on top of it. We had to take it back for them to re-do the job correctly. 

Overall, the food was ard, but nothing beats hot pot at home. The soup base was pretty good, but you can always buy it in stores. The service was the worst, hence the 2 stars. Would I go back? Heck to the no bruh.
I usually go to all you can eat hot pot restaurants so I was a little hesitant about Little Sheep. I was mainly concerned about the cost, since I'm just to just ordering everything off the menu. I did not need to worry. Although the prices of the individual items might seem pricey, each portion is huge! 

About the actual hot pot: it was amazing. I got the half and half soup base because I wanted to try both of the soups and I was not disappointed. Usually hot pot soups take time to become flavorful as they take up the flavor of the ingredients of the meats and veggies you cook. Little sheep's soups were flavorful at the start. There were so many wonderful spices in each broth. 

Overall, I would definitely recommend Little Sheep to anyone craving hot pot in Philly. Their broth is probably the best I've had. Just watch out -- your clothes will smell like spices and soup afterwards.
Amazing buffet family-style hotpot, great for groups of all sizes! 

The spicy bone broth was definitely my table's favorite to dip in! They have a variety of meats to choose from that all complement the broth well. Overall an amazing hotpot experience in Philly! Separate from the meats, they have a self-serve bar of veggies, mushroom, meatballs, sauces, etc. to add into the pot as well. Loved the oyster mushrooms and Youtiao. They had interesting drinks, including plum juice and kumquat lemon drinks (very refreshing)!

I personally wish they had a wider selection of things to add to the pot- some of my personal preferences being enoki mushrooms and shiitake mushrooms (I'm a pretty big fun-guy fan)- but perhaps cultural differences (although they did call Youtiao "croutons"). 

My biggest critique of the restaurant would have to be the serving sizes- way too big. This resulted in inevitable waste for our tables that could be used for others and save the restaurant $! Since it is all-you-can-eat, I wish there was smaller plates, perhaps even half the size of the plates they gave us, and order more as we go (we got all the plates of meats at once, too generous!!). We were definitely overwhelmed and saddened by how we couldn't prevent this waste. I really hope the management will take this into consideration to benefit all parties. 

Overall a fun atmosphere and great service! I believe they recently changed their name from "Little Sheep" to "Happy Lamb" so that was a little confusing on maps LOL. The space is also pretty small for occupancy so be sure to reserve in advance! Also, ask about any discounts for birthdays, etc.- the management/staff was very friendly and accommodating!
Vibes: trendy and clean 

Noteworthy:
-milky broth is richly umami with an interesting, kind of seafood-y aftertaste, and lots of garlic cloves
-spicy broth is loaded with chili peppers and white cardamom pods
-definitely recommend the fish balls with roe for texture and flavor
-also appetizer dishes and dessert on the menu

Pluses:
-hot tea and water at the front desk
-great variety of good quality ingredients, especially lamb and beef
-attentive and friendly service in terms of bringing food, removing dishes, refilling water and broth

Will be back for: the weekday lunch special!
I've been waiting for a Little Sheep to make an appearance in Philly! 

The interior looks great, definitely seems like they put some money into this place.

As usual, I over-ordered but thankfully both the meats and broths were delicious. We went with the half & half broth and an order of fish balls with roe, spring lamb, watercress, soft tofu, spicy beef + tripe and the seafood combo platter. 

My absolute faves were the fish balls with roe and the spicy beef + tripe. Some folks thought the spicy broth was too much but I think it could've been spicier. Maybe I'll ask them to amp it up next time.

The service was good, they were attentive and checked in on us every once in a while. Overall, dining here was a pleasant experience. 

I'd like to come back during the week day to try their $12 special.
Hot pot is one of my all time favorite things. My family would have this almost once a week in the winter. 
I'm such a huge fan of little sheep especially now that it's all you can eat. Now yes, the meat is a bit on the fatty side but I truly love hot pot for all the other stuff, particularly the fish balls with roe, frozen tofu, and noodles. This place has all of this, with tons of variety and the ingredients are constantly being replenished. 
There's even a little dessert bar withe best soft serve. Can you tell I'm a fan??
The soup bases are flavorful, and I love making my sauce mixes.
So go, with all your friends that you don't mind sharing a big pot broth with. It's such a great time to be had by all.
This place is fun!! You get to pick the different types of foods you want- they have veggies, tofus, meats, noodles, and there's different broths you can try between. We tried the Spicy (it was spicy, but full disclaimer I'm a baby) and the regular which was delicious. They bring over everything uncooked and you just drop it in and cook as you please. The tofu skins and good ol reliable bok choy were my favorites but I really enjoyed everything we ate!
I love hot pot and this place delivers. The soup ALONE is worth going. Staff seems to work together which is nice so you can ask anyone for more food or whatever. There is a ton of little things to order to add to your hot pot and since you cook it yourself, the food comes out fast. The food cooks pretty fast as well. Price isnt too bad and its always smart to order some food, see what you liked and order more of it later on after seeing who is still hungry. It makes it easy not to over order and to get more of what you like. After a few visits, I'm set to always be coming back.
The one pro to the weather getting cold again is getting to eat hot pot. I've been to Nine Ting before but wanted to try out a new place. 

From the outside it looked deserted, so we were initially wary to walk in, but then we realized there's a hallway opening up to a huge dining space that was packed with people. We ordered the standard broth, but in retrospect wished we had ordered the half standard half spicy. The standard broth was definitely flavorful but we craved an extra kick. I'm used to eating hot pot with my own bowl of sauce, but we weren't given any additional sauces or directions and people at the other tables didn't have any either. The menu says their style of hot pot is recommended without additional sauces but I still would have appreciated it.

We ordered lamb, beef, tofu, the meatball platter, noodles, bok choy, and Chinese yam. I highly recommend the meatballs, they looked like they were made in house and were delicious. Our food total was $66 for 3 people and the portion was just right so we left feeling satisfied but not overly full. I also loved the candy bowl at the front of the restaurant. It wasn't stocked with the usual green guava candy, we picked up skittles and nerds on our way out.
To note: most hot pot spots have a sauce bar -- there is no sauce bar here as they believe their style of hot pot has enough flavor in the broth, and their top of the menu even notes they con't recommend dipping sauce, FYI!

Food - was very good , we opted for the half and half of original + spicy and both broths were very flavorful and good. I traditionally eat hot pot with sauce, so I've never done it this way -- but it was great and I have no complaints on the broth at all. Some of the veggies weren't fresh or cleaned well ( our Tong Hua had black stuff all over it, we had to hand pick it out)

Service - very poor. SO SLOW. We were seated in the back, but it took us almost 20 minutes to place an order, and maybe another 10-15 minutes to get our check in the end. Also our server did not charge our cards correctly. Since they had a max of 4 cards, and 6 people we worked out a way where they put 2 on one card and split the rest. We explained it to the server who said he understood, but of course they ended up splitting the whole cost down the middle among 4 cards when the check came back.

I'm not sure if I'd return or not -- the food was good, but I suppose I'd have to make sure that I'm not in a rush to go somewhere after. It can get a little pricey depending on what/how you order since it's a la carte, versus AYCE at Nine Ting.
Fresh meat, seafood, mushrooms, and veggies for your Mongolian hot pot experience! You order by broth and items to create your own individualized meal and cook at your own pace. If you are coming in large groups, I would recommend the platters because you get to try a bit of everything! Expect to pay about $25 per head if you want to eat enough to get full. This is comparable to the AYCE cost at Nine Ting but you are paying for quality!
I was pleasantly surprised to find out that they opened a Little Sheep in Philly. I used to go to Little Sheep a lot back at home in SF so I'm familiar with the chain. This opening came just in time for the cold weather!

I was here with a friend on a Monday evening at around 6 pm for a belated birthday celebration and we had to wait around 10 minutes for a table, not because they were busy, but because it was their soft opening (until late October I think) and perhaps they lacked staff (?). Nevertheless, we were given the menu as we were waiting so we could start checking stuff off on the list of food items. They don't have an all you can eat option (for dinner at least, unsure about lunch deals) and the prices for the meats were about $10 for a plate. The interior is very spacey and all the tables have a good amount of space between them so you won't feel crowded despite the place actually being filled with people. 

The broth is very good! You get the regular milky bone marrow broth or the spicy version of that. The portions of the meats were very good. For stuff like fishballs and tofu, I think we got around 6 pieces. We also got a dessert on the house (fried mini pancake with red bean filling and sugar on the outside). 

The total came out to be around $66 for two, which is slightly more than what it would cost at an all you can eat place in Chinatown, but I loveeee Little Sheep's broth. I would definitely come back if I'm ever in the area celebrating a special occasion!
We had a great time at Little Sheep. We logged in to be waited on. Got to our seats and ordered our food. Everything came out super delicious and amazing. The broth was flavorful and there was a condiment station if you needed chili oil, sesame sauce and etc. The staffs were busy and service was fast. Totally recommend for next time.

Just make sure to check your noodles. We did get one batch of moldy noodles that we sent back and they did apologize and gave us different noodles.

Otherwise great experience, clean and awesome ambiance.
Stopped in here about a month ago and was not disappointed. 

The food was awesome and staff was very attentive. 

The Lamb Meatballs are a must try.

Will definitely be returning to Little Sheep the next we want some Hot Pot!
The food was fantastic , the broths delicious and savory. Service was great.

I have one main concern that will keep me from returning . The ventilation is terrible, and based on the space layout , there is not good air flow. As a result, your clothes and jacket and anything you bring in will absolutely reek of potent Mongolian spices for a very long time. Do not wear anything that can't be washed in a standard washing mine here .

Again food was great , but not worth the Hassle for me.
Have never had mongolian hot pot so this was a new experience. Beautiful dining room and clean feeling. Sat right away for lunch. We got the half and half soup and pan fried dumplings on side. Very nice presentation. The spicy side is sooooooo spicy. I can eat Spicy, i am korean, but it was a bit too much for me. I emptied the peppers out and it filled an entire plate and the soup was still flavorful and spicy enough. Water and napkins were plentiful. The customer service was excellent. Nice experience for all and we left half the soup there because we were so full.
A few friends and I came to Little Sheep "Mongolian" Hot Pot for a dinner. The restaurant is in Chinatown on Arch St. Parking is a hit or miss; the areas in front of the restaurant and around the corner are always tough to find parking, but if you go a block over in front of the Convention Center/Reading Terminal, there are usually more parking spots (though can still be full). We were able to contact the restaurant ahead of time and place our name on the list, but we still had a short wait. Walking into the restaurant was quite amazing because you can smell the wonderful aromatics from the broths right away. You see the buffet and the vast amount of ingredients you cannot wait to put into your hot pot. 

After being seated, we choose the broths and the meats. I'm not really sure how this is "Mongolian" since it seems like a normal Asian/Chinese hot pot to me. Plus, most of the employees speak Chinese (some can ONLY speak Chinese, which is tough). We ended up doing the half-half, and the spicy broth was really amazing (lots of Sichuan peppers). and was very tasty It's pretty much all-you-can-eat, which is pretty awesome for any party size. The buffet consists mostly of the non-meat options (veggies, tofu, etc.), but includes seafood (ie fish balls) and some cooked foods (rice, fried dumplings, chicken wings). Trust me, you'll become full rather quickly. They don't have a bar, but it's BYOB and we brought a bottle of wine, which they provided wine glasses with no fee. Finally, price is decent for an AYCE hot pot buffet (~$23/person without tip/tax).
I enjoyed this hotpot location. All you can eat with lots of fresh veggy and protein options. It isn't taking covid precautions other than masks and the drinks were all room temperature. The buffet style is cool but is risky with covid. I would not come here again until AFTER the pandemic unless they begin implementing some precautions like barriers, social distancing, and covered food/sauce style buffets. But it had delicious food and that made me full and happy!
Best broth ever. The portions were more than friendly and they were all fresh. The service is fast and always on top of it. They have a sauce bar now where you can get (Sacha sauce, soy, garlic, chili oil, sesame, peanut paste, vinegar and scallions/cilantro). Sososo good, love coming here even in the summer.
Hotpot here is probably the best in Chinatown that I've had so far. The broths are very flavorful and slightly spicy. Although they are known to not offer a sauce bar, you can request sauces! The vegetarian broth was a bit bland so we ordered garlic and sesame sauce on the side. 

Ordering is easy. You simply check off the quantity/types of meat you want off the menu and hand it to the waiter. 

The meats here are a bit on the pricier end, but very tender and delicious. The New Zealand lamb really hit the spot! Garlic beef was very flavorful but super clumpy chunks of meat when cooked in the broth. 

They don't offer an all-you-can-eat option unfortunately. I would say $18-25/per person is the average of what you could spend here to be full. 

The service is pretty quick. The atmosphere is bright and super spacious -- there's plenty of seating everywhere! I would recommend going with a smaller group because there's only one hotpot per table. We had one rectangular table of 6 and it was a bit difficult to reach over and grab food. 

The host table is just an additional nice touch -- gum/candies and hot tea while you look over the menu if there's a wait for tables! 

I will definitely be back for the $12.95 lunch special sometime!
It may be confusing at first but if you ask them what to do then they will help you out. This spot is not as busy as other hot spot place around Chinatown so if you want to skip the long line during weekend dinner hours, i would recommend to try out this place. 

I got the half n half broth (original n spicy) and the original broth was very well-seasoned and the food, which were cooked in the original broth tasted much better than the the one in the spicy broth. The spicy broth is just the normal broth with hot oil and it's a big greasy so i didn't really like it. 

The toppings' prices are reasonable  and the meat toppings come in good portion. Mushroom and vegetables are also pretty fresh. 

Waiter were attentive and friendly. 

We came in a group of 4 and we left full and happy with the bill around $65 ( not including tip)
Came here for a weekday hotpot with friends from work. Very generous portions and we were stuffed, with a total bill coming out to $30 per person including tip. Beef, lamb and more beef - the meat is fresh and the broth is tasty and delicious. Full of flavorful Chinese herbal concoctions that aren't just soy sauce based! Great place to chat and sit over a meal. Not too loud either.
1st - They don't offer All-you-can-eat anymore

2nd - Must ignore the menu statement "Sauces are not recommended for our style of hot pot." No bruh. Trust me. you need the sauces. you won't regret it or else everything taste bland. 

3rd - They nickel and dime you. So it gets pretty pricey. 

4th - It's a big chain restaurant with locations in Canada, China, and Japan. 

Okay. If you never had hot pot, Shabu shabu, or the likes then definitely go ahead and try it out and expand your foodie experiences. This place should you offers a good experience. They offer good cuts meat. seafood and vegetables are fresh for our orders. The herbals in the spicy broth can be over powering for those who not use it it.  Still the broths are like of bland, hence my recommendations to get the sauces! Since the meats are not marinated.
Had dinner in there last night. We were greeted immediately once walked in, the place is big comparing to other restaurants in Chinatown. More important, it's very clean! 

The service was very good, the server introduced their specially made broth, I got prompt response every time when I needed service. 

The food was very good too. We had original and spicy broth, both were good. And the dishes were fresh. Very pleased. 

The price was reasonable. We spent $100 for 4 people after tips. 

Overall, we had a very pleasant experience. Will definitely go back again!
On the hunt for the best hot pot in Chinatown? First stop, Little Sheep. Not bad, something you could do at home. Decent quality meats & fresh veggies! Each portion was beautifully presented. The broth was good. Only one problem. I ordered the spicy bone marrow broth, now peep, the broth wasn't too spicy or anything, I actually enjoy the heat. But, it came with a lot of dry chili's. When I say a lot it's like a sh*t load. Photo inserted below. It was hard scooping my meats and veggie into the bowl without a mountain load of chillis coming along too. Like I just want some soup to slurp on but these damn chillis be in the way. Fix that? I wonder how everyone else coped with it, but besides all that, everything was great. Friendly server, didn't had to ask for a refill of water, you know, all these little hospitality stuff that matters. Would I come back? I don't know. Next stop, Nine Ting.
Visited today on a whim while I was downtown.  Ended up trying the duo pot with the medium spicy on one side and pickled cabbage on the other.  The pickled cabbage was by far the better tasting one to me.   The servers we're all super friendly and very attentive.

For meat I kept it simple and got 2 orders of fatty beef but when it came out I instantly regretted it only because it was SO much beef in the bowl and I was scared I couldn't finish it alone.   Thankfully as I begin to eat my appetite didn't fail me and I was able to finish the 2 orders of fatty beef, some broccoli and one raw egg.   I'd usually add cabbage to my pot but my pickled cabbage pot cake with plenty so that would've been redundant.  

I'd definitely go back with a friend to help me finish the massive servings. Given their serving sizes if I were alone I'd only grab one order of meat and double veggies unless I was REALLY hungry.
Outside: Classic Downtown Restaurant
Inside: Traditional Chinese Hot Pot
Food: Hot Pot Buffet
Service: Pretty Chinese
Price: $25pp - AYCE

Little Sheep is a chain out of China that does Mongolian style hot pot. If you don't know what that is, it's basically Chinese fondue. You order your dishes raw and then cook them in communally shared pots of broth - with some variation on flavors available.

I love hot pot, and Little Sheep delivers. It is not 100% authentic but it is also not the westernized kind of Chinese food you may be used to so if you are unfamiliar with hot pot, come in with an open mind. If you expect general tso's chicken and crab rangoons you are likely to be disappointed.

The buffet consists of lots of food, mostly veggies and tofu that you can add to your pot but you will also have a chance to order specialty meats to be delivered (raw) to your table. Try everything. Especially the fish balls stuffed with roe. Absolutely delicious!

Now, you may have seen that I mentioned the service was "pretty Chinese" let me explain that in China you do not get the same kind of service as in America. The waitresses don't check in on you and ask how things are or if you need a drink refill. In china, when you want service, you literally just shout "WAITRESS!!!" and a server comes to your table. Little sheep is perhaps a hair more attentive than this but be prepared to flag someone down when you want something. 

There is a lot of great food in Philly, especially in this part of Philly and Little Sheep is a great experience. But $25 feels a little pricey to me. I've also been to this location on several occasions and found that when they switched to the buffet style, the selection and quality suffered a bit. That isn't to say the place isn't fantastic, it IS! But as someone who went there before the change, I preferred ordering everything from the table and the change causes me to rate a star lower.

If you've never had hot pot, Little Sheep is a great place to try it for the first time. And if you have, it's still a great place to get your fix. Check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
Had their 12.95 lunch special and it was so good! I was expecting much smaller portions, but to my surprise they really didn't skimp on anything. I got the classic bone broth with angus beef and it very flavorful. The veggies and meatball were delicious especially the fish meatball. They also gave me a sesame bun and it was delicious, sadly I was too full to eat it all, but what I did eat was so tasty. I don't usually buy drinks, but I got their winter melon tea and I loved it not too sweet or artificial tasting. I can't wait to come back with friends!!
Love this place.  Clean, up to date, fresh, and esthetically pleasing food.  Love the cook it yourself experience.  Will go back for sure.
I have been to this place three times this month (!) and let me tell you: 

They have a vast selection of meats (beef cuts, seafood, etc.), noodles and veggies. Only two broths, but they're both pretty good. For hot pot newbs (like myself), I would recommend ordering your broth before your ingredients so your soup is already boiling by the time they come out. The Little Sheep recommended selections are pretty spot on, and they give you a generous quantity of everything.

This place would definitely be more worth it, if you came with a 3+ party (gratuity starts at 8+), but even with a party of 2, we still averaged about $17-20 per person (granted we were conscious about ordering too much meat and also love our veggies!).

Only negatives would have to be that my boyfriend didn't appreciate having to pay extra for rice and that the counter dial controllers are on the side which either makes it awkward to have to peer over and fiddle around with or makes you dependent on inattentive servers to handle (how can they serve and monitor different cooking stations at once?). 

Bottom line: This place is worth a shot, if you're looking to treat yourself on a cold day.
I love hotpot whether I'm doing it at home or elsewhere and Little sheep is my elsewhere. 

Be forewarn, the wait on weekend is really long. They do have a system where they call you when your table is ready but be ready to wait anywhere from 30 minutes to over an hour. When you actually eat, the service is quick and friendly. Despite the busy atmosphere, I never felt rushed to finish my food. 

The broth is so good! And if you can't tell by just looking at the spicy broth, it's spicy! But in a good way where your mouth isnt numb and you can still taste the food. The food quality was really good which is important when you hotpot because no one wants a dingy piece of meat in their broth.

Definitely will come back but will plan to come early to put my name in before anything else.
It was my first time having hotpot outside of my house so I was having high expectations for Little Sheep. Walking in, the front of the restaurant is really cute and modern, decorated with cool moss looking plants on the walls. 
      Once all 4 of my friends and I were seated at a booth, the table set up seemed a bit strange since the electric burner wasn't exactly in the middle and was off to the side by a lot so I was a bit hard for us to eat. The menu situation is a bit weird too. The plastic menu is from the New York location, but a lot of items were not available at this Philly location which was disappointing. There was a paper menu given to us but it was really confusing since we were given two, assuming they were going to be the same. One of my friends has ordered the angus beef platter off the lunch menu and had found several strands of plastic in her slices of meat. Our waiter had given us a new platter, but we were still finding more plastic in each slice. Again, we had requested for a new plate of protein after the 2nd one, but the same issue is still occurring. We all wished the situation would've been resolved the first time around. On our bill, $7 was taken of for the inconvenience but even so, we were all expecting so much better service.
This place was a great deal for $12.95 lunch special. The broth, as mentioned in many reviews, was very flavorful (we had the white bone broth). The food was nicely presented and everything was fresh. We ordered lamb and beef as the meat portions to go alongside our greens and veggies. Both of these thinly sliced proteins were very good and they cook quickly. They have a sauce bar in the rear (maybe they listened to previous yelper complaints about not having any) for additional flavor enhancing, but we didn't need to add any. We were seated promptly upon entering around 12:30 on a weekday, and service was good. We were seated in the rear seating area and there were about 4 other occupied tables at the time. The restaurant is pretty spacious so it was definitely not crowded. The interior has a cool modern look and was very clean. Looking forward to trying other items at another visit.
It tasted like I teleported back to California. I thought maybe the east/west coast difference would've changed their flavoring somewhat but no, not at all. It tasted just as good, and the menu the exact same. Always go for the yin/yang broth divider. And I always go wild on the enoki mushrooms. And afterward I drink the broth because it's so good. Gorged myself for $30 with some friends and it was worth every penny.
Shoulda known when I walked in behind a Chinese hipster that this place would be hipster pretentious. Broth is meh, and too salty. Like a previous reviewer stated, need the side sauce. Not my fav, but everything was fresh.
It's about time this place made it to Philly! Best hot pot around.  The broth is perfectly flavored and hard to replicate.  Good variety of items to choose from.  I don't need to drive to Edison, NJ to get my Little Sheep fix.  The space is great, I do wish they had the sauce bar available to everyone.  You have to request it. 

Only con, Ventilation could be better, your body will reek of Mongolian spices.  Worth it.
Fabulous place. We did a half and half pot, and found a balance between spice levels for a wide variety of tolerances. The broth is super flavorful, and wonderfully so. I suspect the people who find it overwhelming aren't familiar with the flavors of authentic Chinese cooking.  I found it spot on for the cuisine type. Will be back any time I'm in the mood for soup and don't feel like making it myself!
Little Sheep is pretty awesome hot pot chain, and this was my first time visiting one. They have weekday non-holiday lunch specials, when you can eat as much as you want for a set price $17.95/person?). Unfortunately, we visited on Memorial Day and couldn't get in on the special. We did, however, really enjoy ourselves. You're given a menu to select your pot ingredients. We went with the bone marrow broth, fatty beef, lamb, spinach, mushrooms, shrimp, fishballs, noodle, and some dumplings. The staff sets up your pot for you and intermittently refills it will broth. The cooking is up to you, as customers, to decide how well done you want your meats and ingredients. We left incredibly full and satified. The booths are individually separated, so there's a lot of privacy. The restaurant looks very clean and new too. Service was quick and attentive. I'd like to try the other broths one day! Super fun date place.
I love the BBQ skewer of beef and lamb and BBQ of lamb leg. However, they change to buffet style.
I hate that! That means we couldn't order the food we really want even though we drive a long time there to eat our favorite BBQ skewer.
And have to eat many food that we don't want and pay the weird money
Because I love the little sheep with high quality food
Now, I am disappointed because it became the low quality general buffet, that's not our favorite hotpot any more.
Exceptionally delicious house and spicy broths! They tasted herbal and as if a grandma made it, but not in the terrible way that plagued my Chinese-American childhood. I drank the broth by the bowlful after the solid foods were finished off! I will say that some items were very skimpy ($3 for 6 tiny knots of vermicelli noodles, 6 small slabs of tofu, super thin slices of squash, etc.) but meats, mushrooms, and leafy veggies were fresh and fairly priced. Other favorable things of note: this restaurant is a BYOB; there is an automated text message system if you are waiting for a table; and the person who took our order advised us to order a little less based on our party size than we originally did and it ended up being the perfect amount of food!
woa I love this place!! Probably one of my favorite hotpot place I have tried in Philadelphia. Even though it was not all you can eat, the prices are so reasonable ($6-8 for a huge plate of meat and $3 for most non-meat dishes) that you will sure be full after $15 each person. The only thing I will complain about is the lack of sauce options, but that is just a small gripe. Don't waste your time trying to waste for Chubby Cattle! This is so yummy and keeps you warm on a cold winter night.
Came by here with a group of friends on a Thursday for some lunch. We noticed that they had a lunch special for $12.95 so we all decided to try it out. When our food came, we all tried the soup first. We got the half and half, which was one side was spicy and the other side was their "regular" broth. Both were delicious. When we putting in our veggies and meats, one of my friends noticed plastic in her beef after cooking it in the broth. We assumed it was just one piece of plastic and was just a mistake but as we kept cooking there was about 1-2 pieces of plastic in each piece of meat. When we told our waiter about this, he gave us another plate of beef, which still had plastic in it. Although he was very respectful and polite about the situation, we will not be returning.
Even though there's a store in NYC Chinatown, I have actually never been. While here in PA for work, we had a tight lunch break and didn't want to walk anywhere far in the cold. Hot pot fit the bill on many levels. The place was pretty empty during lunch but the place was very clean. We got three lunch specials and picked three types of meats -- lamb, pork, and beef -- to share along with the veggies. It also included a small plate of combo -- meatballs, mushrooms, and noodles. On top of that, we had also ordered scallops and Japanese pumpkin from the a la carte menu. I had also really wanted the tofu skin roll which is something I love. Unfortunately, they didn't have it in stock. Big disappointment for me. For the soup base, we picked up both the spicy and pork broth base since I don't like spicy. Unlike other hot pot places, there's no dipping sauce to make. I've never had that before but the broth was pretty flavorful. As you cook more of the ingredients, the more flavorful the broth is. It made the noodle that I cooked at the end even better since it sopped up the broth. Thoroughly enjoyed lunch and I would look to visit the NYC store soon!
This was probably the top hot pot experience I had in Philadelphia. The flavor of the broth was really good and delicious. The best part of little sheep is probably the customer service.
Two option for broth - spicy or not. My choice was spicy, which I felt had too much little peppers and star anise seasoning (which made it difficult to get my food with out picking something off it). The flavor of the broth was tasty but highly recommend keeping the seasoning in a bag to float! The vegi was fresh and the meat was good! Although I would recommend eating at lunch since is was a steal $12-13/person. I was by myself and I don't think this style of restaurant is made for loners, it's truly best with 2 or more people! The place was spacious, clean and service was great!
Standard hot pot, it is everything you can reasonably expect from a legitimate hot pot restaurant. Great service and selection. Good soup base and sauce bar. Fairly priced and clean. Recommended if you are just visiting Philly or new to hot pot.
Probably the best hot pot spot in Philly! Dined and returned multiple times. Service is quick and friendly. Food is exquisite - many options to choose from and they're all super delicious! The price is reasonable as well. Highly recommended.
I think I loved Little Sheep more when it was a la carte. (There were more meat options/ options overall and the quality was a notch better) It has recently a month or so been AYCE. Even so, I still love Little Sheep and would pick it over some of the other hotpot spots in Chinatown. The broth is always delicious and flavorful. Reviewers complain about their sub-par sauce bar, however from what I remember Little Sheep in the past have stated their hotpot doesn't really require sauces. The sauce bar does have the basics, imo is enough since the broths already have a lot of flavor. 

The AYCE set-up is simple and nice. Pick the broth(s), I like the tomato broth and the golden cabbage broth (spicy but not spicy like the spicy broth, it's a different kind of spice and its a nice difference) and order the meats there are about 4-5 options now. Then you're off the to the front of restaurant, grab a plate and Pile on whatever your heart desires. Just about every option is labeled and stocked and restocked, quickly by staff. There's a little station with cooked foods such as fried rice, dumplings, chicken wings and white rice. And I just realized recently they have a desert station with their delicious taro and ... I don't know melon ice cream;  hidden in the back (I've been to little sheep 2-3x now since they became an AYCE and didn't even realize there was a dessert station) so look for it. It's in the back near the back exit. There's fruit and red bean dessert too. 

The place can become chaotic but orderly, if you're a yelper you can join the waitlist before you get there to save some time. If not, there's a tablet at the front where you can look at wait times and enter your name etc. and join the waitlist that way. The hosts and staff are really great at greeting you and ensuring that you are seated on time and orders are placed smoothly. It was nice to know that you're not just party # sitting on the list. Once your table is almost ready the host will find you and give you a menu for you to kind of have in mind what you would like and let you look at their AYCE options. That was my experience the with the host Daniel or Danny. He even put my order in before I got to the table which was very nice. (I went recently and I guess it was too busy to be able to preorder, the broth took about 10 minutes to arrive at the table,  and sadly they ran out of ice cream and fruit. Nonetheless, they had a full house on a Sunday night. So I could understand the delay.) 

The overall experience at Little Sheep have always been good. Go, you won't regret it.  Just join the waitlist, so you won't have to wait so long.
My go-to place in philly. Service is great and environment is good for a group dinner. Ingredients are super fresh. Highly recommend.
So far my favorite hot pot place in Philly.  The options for meat and veggies are great and the broth is flavorful.  Not sure what is in the broth but it's seasoned enough so that you don't need sauces but I'm guessing that means there's a lot of salt and MSG.  The fish balls with roe is one of my favorite side items.  The lamb and beef are tender and flavorful.  The bathrooms are not the cleanest but it's Chinatown so not shocked.  However, there's a weird mold smell between the outside front door and the door to the host area.
I went for a weekday unlimited meat hotpot ($16.50 each person) but it's only unlimited on select meats (chicken, fatty beef, lamb, etc.) Other things like the meatballs or seafood are not included unfortunately. We were still full off of it, but I'm definitely used to more variety at hot pot. Additionally I was disappointed in their sauce selection. While the ones they had were good, I felt that some basics like hoisin sauce, oyster sauce, sweet chili, etc were not available. Atmosphere was great though and the staff was friendly. Try the taro ice cream!
We have been here before, but recently Little Sheep hotpot has become an all you can eat buffet! The broths are still the same and delicious as ever, without really needing any additional sauces. However, because it has become an ACYE, they have cut back on some of the food that you can request, specifically in regards to meat. Nonetheless, it is still great (we love the pork belly and the hand sliced fatty beef). Over at the self-serve bar, they have a ton of vegetables, seafood, and other add-ins (tofu, sausages, quail eggs, etc.) They even have a little station with dumplings and fried rice (try not to fill yourself up on rice!! you're paying for the meat and seafood!). 

Their service is okay, they have a panel on the table that has a red side for when you need assistance (water, fill up your broth, order more meat) and a green side when nothing is needed. However, sometimes our red side would be up for a little bit and they would not come as quickly as we would like and our broth would reduce a bit too much. Also, some of our vegetables were dirty! Make sure that you are checking some of the vegetables before placing them in your broth. 

All in all, this place is a new favorite and a go to whenever we are craving hotpot. Plus the free ice cream (taro or black sesame) really helps cool the palate after your meal!
Great quality of food. Price is little bit above average and they are rightfully to do so. The source counter also has great options. The place is very clean and the services are very good

There is a number of hot pot stores in Chinatown. But you want higher quality, I will recommend this place.
I've been wanting to try out this place for almost a year, and finally had dinner here on a weekday with a date. The restaurant is way more spacious than I had anticipated. The menu was extensive and a little confusing, but the staff helped us out with it. We both went for the all-you-can-eat-meat, which did not disappoint at all. The broths for the hot pot is just as flavorful as the ones at Chubby Cattle. We tried out all the meats (except the shellfish/shrimp) and they were good (I wasn't a big fan of the fish, but my date was). Some people are all about condiments when it comes to hot pot, which this place isn't about. Towards the end we did feel a little rushed, but we soon found out that there was quite a line of people waiting to be seated. I would definitely visit again.
Little sheep is now AYCE all day! I think it was $25.99 per person, same price for lunch and dinner. Lunch is 12-3 and they close for a couple hours until 5:30-10. Each table shares one pot and you can choose 2 flavors. Our table chose the half/half original and spicy broth. None of us thought the spicy broth was spicy.. at all! But you can choose extra spicy, so if I come back, I'd probably do that. I have to be honest and say I prefer the broths at nine ting better (along with the fact you get your own pot incase you feel weird sharing), but this was a good change. The spicy broth has spices I'm not too fond of like cardamom and cumin so keep that in mind. 

As far as meat, you use the card at the table that says "I'm all good" or "I need help!" to signal to the staff if you need to order more meat or a beverage. There are 5 kinds of meats you can choose from, 2 lamb choices, 2 beef choices, and pork belly. We had the aged lamb which was fine, it pretty much tasted like beef after being cooked in the broth. There's fatty beef which was my personal favorite and marinated garlic beef which I thought I'd like more than I actually did. The marinated garlic beef became weird in texture after being cooked, a bit too soft. Pork belly of course was good as well. 

There are also seafood options like crab, shrimp, and octopus where the "buffet" is. Plus fish balls--BEWARE!!!! the fishball with roe will explode when you bite it and the molten roe will severely burn your tongue (don't as me how I know...). Also tofu skins, any vegetable you like, and a small cooked section with UNEXPECTEDLY GOOD CHICKEN WINGS!! Seriously don't overlook em- they don't appear great but were so good. There's also a small but sufficient sauce bar if you need it. 

We spent about 2+ hours which is one of the things I love about hotpot. You can hang out with friends eating for a long time and enjoy your time together.
2 Stars for Service

4 Stars for Flavor

3 Stars for overall experience

A coworker and I came for lunch earlier this week. He had been in a few weeks ago and suggested we stop by and try it out again.

We were seated right away in an almost empty restaurant. The server comes over, takes our drink order, and then spends about 5 minutes trying to upsell us to get the new Lamb special (2 pounds of lamb! it's only $20.95 and you can still get whatever soup base you want!) --- even after we explained that A) we were probably going to opt for the lunch special, and B) I had never been before so we were going to stick with something from the more standard menu. He kept insisting we consider it. It was ... very strange and off putting.

He finally concedes (we think) and returns with the lunch special menu and kind of just harumphs and shows us our options. We order some lamb shoulder and angus beef.

Almost immediately, the soup bases come out (original & spicy) and some of the accoutrements. The lamb shows up and then eventually my steak. 

I was down to explore and try things as I went, but some (any) guidance or instruction would have been appreciated. Once our server found out we weren't opting for the $20+ entree, he kind of disregarded us and only returned to top off our soup (never explaining what we were supposed to be doing.) Luckily, my coworker had come before and we stumbled through the motions. Finally, about 15 minutes into our meal, someone came by with an "instruction card".

The soup bases were incredible -- and honestly I would love to just have the spicy soup in a mug. The additional spice pods, peppercorns, etc made it hard/complicated to eat. I ended up feeling like I ate mostly broth and peppercorns - but enjoyed what I did end up eating.
This restaurant renovated and reopened recently. The interior is good but foods are really not fresh, after I had dinner there, I had really bad stomachache and diarrhea overnight through the next date. I strongly recommend them to do better foods preparing. This is really suffering.
Happy Lamb is my go to Hot Pot spot. I have had a few others in the area and Happy Lamb is the overall best regarding flavor. I recommend going with a group and getting the spicy broth.  The food has been fresh every time. The management is very nice. The free tea in the back is always sooooo gooood. However the last time I visited the service was lacking, we had to ask a few times for extra broth.
Happy Lamb is definitely one of the better hot pot places in Philly. Simply because it has one of the best tasting broth. Most all you can eat hot pot places in the city have very bland broth. I always ended up having to flavor them. I've been here twice since they opened up recently. My only issue is the lack of mushrooms variety. There seems to be only one kind everytime. If you're in Chinatown, give them a try.
Little Sheep is officially now an AYCE! They revamped the front to a buffet bar where you can pick from small appetizers, rice, noodles, vegetables, seafood, and dipping sauces. It was clean when we went. We did notice that a lot of the originally choices (esp meat and seafood selection) have been erased off the menu but I guess this is the downside of being an AYCE now. 

I really love how they have service cards now (green/red sides) in case you need something or you are good! The price is cheap around $25/person. The broths still taste the same. The free ice cream at the end hit the spot. Taro or black sesame were the choices.

Only cons were that the vegetables weren't washed. I attached a photo of our dirty bok choy!!! Our hotpot stove wasn't turned on and the server never noticed and tried to add our food in for us. We turned the burner on ourselves. Also, it took ages for them to refill our broth at one point even though we flipped the sign to red (need help), we could almost see the 2/3 of our ladle!
We went on a Friday around 4:30 pm and didn't need a reservation. I always love "all you can eat " places. Tons of options to choose from. My favorite protein options are sliced lamb and beef. Excellent service. All vegetables are fresh. My only suggestion would be adding mushrooms to the veggie/salad bar.
The hot pot here is...OK. Not a wide selection and not a very fresh one at that. My friend and I came here because we were in a rush and no other hot pot spots had space. 

1. Broth: Ordered the spicy broth and it was not very flavorful nor spicy. We asked for more spice and it seemed as though the waitress simply poured in more chili oil. We ended up with a less-than-spicy, oily broth.

2. Meat: The meat is cut extremely thin - like way thinner than regular shabu meat - if you don't bunch it all together, you will lose it in the pot. Tasted low quality and cheap, lots of fat not a lot of meat. We ordered some type of garlic beef, which literally came frozen.

3. Vegetable selection: The vegetable selection is sparse, I couldn't find any mushrooms and the vegetables that were there all felt as though they were about to go bad at any moment. Additionally, I'm not sure if this was because we came later in the evening, but they didn't often replenish the things at the food bar that were empty. 

I don't know if this place is for me. I feel like I would rather have done hot pot myself at home. This is a very average hot pot place which won't satisfy a hot pot craving well.
Disclaimer: I have a disproportionate amount of hot pot reviews the last month or so, but that's a good problem to have, in my opinion. 

Little Sheep was FINE. You know? It was a little different though because it wasn't all you can eat (sad), and the is no sauce bar (EXTRA SAD). They say on their menu that their broths are so flavorful you don't need a sauce bar but I disagree. Because sometimes you want something to be spicy or garlicy or tangy or soy-ey (?) and if you only have 2 broths available (I think that's all they do) you just accommodate all my desired mixes. Sauce bar, it needs to happen for me.
