I'm on a Fishtown review kick... I can't believe I've never written about Heffe!  The late night hours are great for drunk munchies, especially if you dont feel like walking all the way to the food trucks at Frankford and Girard. The fat man burrito is a drunk's dream. Chicken tenders, bacon, and the traditional burrito fixins. The octopus tacos (Kraken) are a MUST TRY even when you're sober. Stop by for lunch while you're walking through the neighborhood. Convenient, quick, and decent prices make me a fan.
Let's taco bout Heffe baby. Let's taco bout you and me...

On second thought, let's just talk about me. Because if we talk about you too, I'm just going to have to wait longer in line for those yummy tacos. And no one should get in the way of me and tacos. Luckily, I visited on a cold, rainy night so the crowd was minimal with plenty of covered seating compared to the tales I've heard.

Now onto the tacos (because you know the taco emoji is in my most frequently used section)...

The kraken is everything. And definitely "doesn't suck." Octo can be hit or miss and this was a hit all the way.  The chimichurri and the spicy tomato jam were lovely flavor accompaniments.

Sadly, I can't speak to anything else on the menu due to an aggressive night of taco debauchery elsewhere, but the Tijuana Poutine and Willie Make Burrito have my name all over them on another night.

So should you go to Heffe? Yes. Today if possible (unless of course today is a day that I will be there).
(to the tune of ABBA's "Dancing Queen")

You can eat
Day or night
Tacos, the fuel of your life.
Get that guac,
Walk the walk
They make you say YAS KWEEN.

Friday night and Frankford is lit
Hour wait? I ain't having it.
Just want to eat dinner.
Not looking for gourmet.
Almost called it a day.

Then we saw Heffe shining bright.
Said "Why not, let's go get a bite!"
Playing popular music.
Smiles all around
Put orders in, sit down.
And when we took that bite...

Made us all say YAS KWEEN,
Rice and beans,
Such a tasty scene.
Say YAS KWEEN,
take a bite - I'm a taco fiend, oh yeah!
Try nachos
Or Pico
tacos, the fuel of my life... 
Get that guac,
Walk the walk
They make you say YAS KWEEN.

Are these the best tacos I've ever had? Nope. Is the service exemplary? Not particularly. Are they open late and serve hot cheese and meats in tortillas? Yup. That's pretty excellent. In an area that's pretty jam-packed with eateries, it's nice to have a casual spot for a not-insanely-pricey, quick meal. There's no bathroom BUT they let you use the bathroom at Igloo across the street if they're open. The wait can be lengthy, but on nice days, you can't beat the vibes. I live close, so I'm sure I'll be back.
Cultural Appropriation and Kitchen Nightmares had a baby and named it Heffe.
 
The food was awful. The tacos sucked. Thanks for leading me into a false sense of security. I have questions. Why? Just why? Tacos are simple and pure and delicious. If drinking at my job weren't frowned upon, I'd be washing down what little I could stomach with a decent beer to save my poor tum tum some trouble. A Mexican Coke had to suffice though.

If you're wondering, I had the 'Fat Man' and the 'Mac Daddy'. I thought to myself, 'treat yo' self' I'm making it rain UberEats referral codes, so why not? Boy was I wrong. I could have made out better at Qdoba. Still White people Mexican food, but it's not terrible. Heffe's food..... That was so bad it's lead me to suspect that my arch nemesis may be working in that kitchen. Are you reading this Ocho Muerte?!

Don't get me wrong, I've had some great fusion tacos before. I wish I could remember the place I had those bangin Bulgogi tacos. Actually, I wish I could go back in time, not waste my free ten bucks and not subject my body to this disrespectful hipster nonsense. The only perk is that maybe this stomach ache that's coming on will get me out of work early.
Not impressed.

Wednesday night, and we waited 45 minutes for three orders of tacos and a quesadilla. Everything came out cold, the cheese quesadilla being completely congealed and missing three key ingredients: tomatoes, mushrooms, and guac. It was literally just cheese. Fried chicken was chewy, beef was boring.

I brought it up to the window and they gave me my money back, as well as a "credit" for $6 at my next visit. I'm just not sure there will be a next visit. While I was up there, a woman who had been waiting almost an hour for her tacos was told that they had given her bag of food to someone else. Oops.

I know this place is quick and casual-- it's a taco stand, after all. But it would be nice if they asked "for here, or to go?" which might help avoid the insane amount of containers, bags and napkins wasted per customer. Lots of people opt to sit at the picnic tables. Just a thought.
Tall guy with the beard making the food should really have a beard/hair net on. I just had a long hair in my burrito. Threw it out. Thoroughly disappointed and disgusted. 
This place has really been sub par lately but this is the last straw. I don't think I'll be back.
I just had the worst burrito I've ever eaten from Heffe Tacos on Frankford. I should have known, I mean they spell jefe wrong and instead of pollo, they call their chicken burrito "pole-yo" to be cute. It was close by and I didn't have a lot of time, so I took the risk. I expected it to be bland, not disgusting.

 I should have listened to the tiny voice in my head that told me to be a good girl and eat the soup I brought for lunch back at the office. I mean, the burrito was supposed to be a pork burrito. I am expecting rice, beans, pulled pork, cheese, etc. Instead I get a skinny soggy burrito with ham chunks, white rice, a sprinkle of black beans, some "queso" sauce, and MUSTARD. MUSTARD. I should have asked for my money back when I spied them making tacos with crunchy corn shells after I placed my order.

 Their motto is "Tacos that don't suck." I think they should change it to "Well, you could call them tacos, but they really aren't. And yes, they do suck." I am hoping my stomach learns to begrudgingly accept my awful lunch time offering, because I don't want to revisit the taste of that burrito monstrosity later.
Cool atmosphere for late night tacos in Fishtown. I'd come here again if I'm out with friends and we don't want the night to end. A lot or outdoor seating. Cash only but there's an atm. Most orders run $7~. 

The quesadillas with mushrooms was good. Average but a hearty portion. The tacos al pastor were tasty but again, pretty average. The poutine had a Mexican twist with the short ribs and it was pretty tasty!!! 

The menu has something for everyone. Adventurous? Beef cheeks and octopus! Definitely somewhere to try.
Since I am bored during this quarantine, I decided to do a food tour around my neighborhood in Fishtown. I always pass by this place and decided to blindly try it without having read reviews beforehand. I was surprised by the expensive prices: 2 tacos for $11.99. So I decided to get Guido Nachos for $7. It was a good portion with generous amount of pork, black beans and queso. The pork was tasty although a bit dry. I wish there were more queso on the nachos. It wasn't the best nachos but it wasn't terrible.

For cheaper tacos, try Que Chula es Puebla on 2nd and W. Girard which sells 3 tacos for $8.99 and tastes pretty good.
Absolutely delicious food!

Great new business in Fishtown, extremely pleasant staff, and REALLY good tacos. We got the Kraken (octopus) and the Mac Daddy (beef cheek) tacos, and friends tried the Fatman burrito and Plain Jane tacos. Not a bad bite on the table- I imagine it would be even more awesome on a nice day, since it was pretty cold out tonight. Well worth it. Probably the best tacos I've had in a long time, and definitely the best in Philadelphia.
Heffe is very inconsistent and it drives a regular patron like me insane. I live around the corner. I would love to come here as often as possible, believe me. I want to love this place as much as the next taco junkie, and rave about their Kraken and Americanos to all my out of towner buds.

Rarely do I love AND hate an eatery so much. The reality is that when you get the most scrumptious tacos one day, and something out of a dog's ass the next, you have to walk away bewildered. A 3-star is probably too generous.

The other negatives are minor in comparison to the tacos: service is very slow, whether there's 1 person in line or 10; the staff there doesn't seem to show any hustle. Plenty of condiments and seats. Don't be an idiot and withdraw cash from their ATM machine.

I'm going to keep coming back to Heffe because there isn't anything better in Fishtown/SoKo. Also, like an idiot, I keep thinking this time, it'll be better!
I really don't understand how places manage to mess up tacos...like it's real easy to make just a good standard taco but Heffe seems to have done just that.  Went there for the first time today & ordered the Plain Jane set of two crispy beef tacos with lettuce, tomato, jack cheese & had them add sour cream.  I had to ask for the Rosa salsa that it says comes with it.  The taco was gross.  I only ate one because I was that hungry & threw the other one in the trash because it was that bad.  It was basically a weird BBQ tasting cheeseburger thrown into a taco shell.  YUCK!  Like you can go to the store and get taco seasoning out of a packet that tastes way better than whatever this was.  NOPE
My wife and I went to Heffe last week because I saw the review on Philly.com. The lamb belly burrito was like nothing I've ever had before and, being from Los Angeles, I've had some amazing Mexican food.

Starting from the outside, the tortilla was perfect and didn't break, but it also wasn't overly sticky like some places. The lamb was tender, juicy, and the fat gracefully made its way through the burrito, adding flavor to everything else. The cheese, chickpeas, and egg were a great combination as well, but the lamb was the star of the show. I always add hot sauce but it wasn't necessary as a flavor additive.

The size of the burrito was perfect - I didn't feel like slipping into a food coma afterwards and I was full the whole night. The burrito was wrapped tightly which was key because I ate it somewhere else and it didn't make a mess (also didn't need a plate).

I've been to some legit Mexican places in Philly, particularly South Philly, but the twist Heffe takes is unlike any other.

This is going to be my new go-to for food near La Colombe in Fishtown. I'm looking forward to trying everything on the menu.
I see why people stop coming here.  One week, I can order over the telephone.  The next week, "we're not taking telephone orders at this time." 

Then, hungry, waiting for a burrito to fill my need, I arrive.  This is about 10 minutes later.  Guess what?  They are supposed to be open.  Guess what again?  No one is behind the counter, no one is in the kitchen.   

Great job running an eatery.  Kudos.
This place should be called Heffe home of horrible food. I came here w my friend and ordered a burrito and quesadillas. Absolutely worst burrito I ever had.  They have a crazy menu which seems to be of the worst concoctions. I don't eat fast food but I'd much rather go to Taco Bell any day over this. Hate to be so harsh but I'm sorry lol
One of my favorite places to get tacos in Philly! If you're a seafood lover like me, get the Kraken which has fried octopus. I've been here a few times and although I always read over the full menu, I can never resist the Kraken. 

Heffe is a walk-up taco stand with cute outdoor table seating. If you're in a hurry, they offer take out. Each order comes with two tacos. 

Their tag line is "Tacos That Don't Suck"... and trust me, they definitely don't!
The Tijuana Poutine was awesome! Waffle fries covered in chili, queso sauce, slow cooked meat, pickled jalapeños and queso fresco.

The other food was more hit or miss:
-the mushroom quesadilla was just fine and the side of guac it came with was a little brown
-kracken taco was just ok, I didn't feel like I was eating octopus though
-the various burritos are hot and made to order, but nothing was particularly exciting

Overall, in a neighborhood with lots of food options, but not many faster, more casual options, this a good choice. Bonus is that many dishes have Vegetarian options
This is a take out with outdoor picnic tables. Its not a traditional tex-mex but more mex but not your traditional mex. Tacos and burritos filled with fresh and high quality ingredients. Not standard Mexican like no combo plates with beans and rice. It's more like foodtruck fare not on wheels. Excellent cook to order. Tried the Almost Pastor tacos and the Fatty burrito with very tasty chicken and accoutrements
Rolled up to grab some take-out before a concert. There was no line and the turnaround seemed to be quick. We placed a large order for 3 tacos, 3 burritos and an order of the Tijuana Poutine. In about 15 min, our order was ready and we returned home.

Now for the bad part. Even though there was noone else in line and the place was not crowded, we were missing one of our burritos. We called back immediately and the woman who answered the phone said " Well, are you sure?', which I found to be very unprofessional. Once we returned to pick up the missing item, one of the other employees was much more apologetic and offered us complimentary scones in addition to the missing item (which were delicious, BTW).  

We tried the Kraken octopus taco, beef cheek taco, pollo taco, Fat man burrito, Bellissimo lamb burrito and the Poutine.

Overall, I felt that the tacos were way overpriced for the amount received. The burritos are definitely the way to go if you more bang for your buck.

Every item was cooked to perfection and bursting with flavor. I wasn't crazy about the sweeter flavor of the Poutine, but that was just a personal opinion as the rest of our party devoured it.
Food is horrible. From the sound of the Willie make it I thought I'd be in for a good surprise but instead got the opposite. There is no chili. It's shredded beef with sour ass cabbage that over powers the whole burrito. There's no cheese and the waffle fries taste old. I'm not sure if Heffe assumed I'd be drunk eating this but I'd notice drunk or sober this is horrible.
5 stars every time. I promised the guys working last night I would write this because, as someone who has worked in food service, we discussed how we only hear how bad things can be in places like this. Outstanding food, stellar service. A perfect amount of selection with a medium size menu of crap that just makes sense together. I will never get over the Betty, nor my boyfriend over the Kraken.  We love the home made sauces with the right amount of heat.  The chemistry is unreal.    Can't get much better in a brick and mortar with the square footage of an oversized bathroom. I make sure to thank the kitchen each time before I leave. Thank you thank you thank you
My boyfriend and I went to Heffe tacos 3x this weekend, and the 3rd time was to get our money back.
Day 1: we ordered the Almost Pastor, Mac Daddy and Kraken tacos as well as the Tijuana Poutine. The Almost Pastor were ok. They were generous with the meat, but it was dry. I only had a bite of the Mac Daddy but my boyfriend liked them. The Kraken tacos were thrown out because they were too fishy. The Tijuana poutine was amazing. It was a generous serving and everything about it was great, especially the egg, cilantro and onions. After Day 1, I would've given this place 3 stars.
Day 2: Since I loved the Tijuana poutine so much, we went back today. This time, we took it home to eat. Upon opening it at home, the fries were all extremely greasy and burnt, every single one of them. The poutine was also missing the cilantro, onions and radish toppings. Luckily we don't live far and after throwing out the $8 kraken tacos yesterday, I definitely wanted my money back for the fries. Heffe was nice enough to give our money back, but claimed the fries were just discolored from the chili meat. The guy at the counter tried it and realized, no they fries are actually burnt.

I know this place is new, but they should probably work on consistency especially in an area where there are an abundance of taco places. They should probably try to live up to their motto of "tacos that don't suck."
This started as one of THE BEST taco places ever. We have been huge fans until recently, eating more than we should admit. Within the last two weeks both trips have been a disappointment. 

First trip my poleyo tacos were fried to a crisp. It doesn't sound possible but the chicken was so overly cooked that there was nothing but burnt breading left. I showed my husband as he couldn't believe it either. Both tacos included nothing but breading. 

Today's trip: cold, hard tortillas, missing items. My husband had items and sauces left off of his Mack daddy (whatever that delicious mango sauce is was omitted).  The merman was swimming in so much sauce everything was soggy. 

For a place that started so strong with such great service, it's sad that it's changed this much already. Today there was no less than 5 people in their tiny kitchen and it was pure chaos for all to watch. 

Bring back the old Heffe!!
It's true the food didn't suck ... but also not great.  For a main taco/burrito, they had just one vegetarian option.  It was ok, a little weird with raisins in it.  Not as savory as I would have liked.  My husband got a pork taco that was average.  

Nice outside space, though.
Heffe is one of those places that are simply hit or miss. Tonight was okay but close to a miss. Overall it's a solid taco joint that's strictly take out. They are open late and have a nice outdoor area for dining. They automatically lose a star for cash only. It's 2018 guys, get with it. You don't accept cards to make profit higher, we get it but it's a huge inconvenience and almost deters me from getting my taco fix.

Tonight I went Polo yo tacos and 2 come in an order for just shy of $8.00. It's a pretty decent price. Adding a Mexican coke and it brings it to an even $10.00. Tonight though i was a bit let down. While the tacos are always a nice size. The chicken was way overcooked and very dry. I do like the addition of the cabbage, it was nice a crispy and gave some relief to the heavy fried chicken. The ancho sauce is delicious but there wasn't enough of it. Also only a small wedge of lime for 2 tacos is no bueno. Another issue I have is they never have hot sauce, the bottle is forever empty. 

The service is also hit or miss but most of the staff are friendly. I agree with the other review tonight, a long beard requires a hair net. Overall like their slogan, their tacos don't suck, but they're okay. Solid 3 stars
Great taco stand that's perfect after a bit of drinking on Frankford Avenue. It's a bit pricier than the trucks on GIrard, but the tacos are creative and they have picnic tables to sit at.
Any taco place that only serves 2 tacos for $11+ should be an immediate walk-by. There are at least 2 places within a 5 minute walk of Heffe that make better tacos. This is supposed to be a "late night" taco place, but they can't handle the slightest bit of volume, their food is average at best, and my
Fiancés tacos were actually cold, which I wish she told me so I could tear these assholes up in person. Don't waste your time. Even if you live in the neighborhood, get food delivered by Las Casuelas or Catina Dos Segundos. So not worth it.
No fluff or frills here. There's a walk up window, a few benches and bomb ass Mexican food. Dats it

I came here because I was in need of fuel and didn't have time to wait around. I was able to place my order and have my meal in hand within 8 mins. Efficiency baby!!!  The tacos (all tacos come in 2's) were rather filling and tasty and for the price point. You couldn't ask for anything better.
Summary
I'm not going back. The 'Almost pastor tacos' I had sucked and the service was poor.

Details
The Draw: I liked the unassuming small taco stand with, fun, no frills signage. Their original specialty tacos seemed intriguing (though having grown up in Mexico, I prefer more authentic fare). 

The downside:
1) Service: Interaction felt as if I were an inconvenience. My food was packed to go, though I didn't ask for that. No utensils or napkins provided.

2) Food: I ordered the "Almost pastor tacos" and chips and guac. The almost pastor tacos came with a cold, brittle, corn tortilla that disintegrated as I was eating the taco. The almost pastor filling was an oily and flavorless affair. The guacamole was OK, as were the chips.

3) Price: Given the quality of the food and poor service, the prices are astronomical--not worth it. Other reviews seem pretty mixed. This suggests to me that this is a hit or miss place, but at these prices, I wouldn't recommend you take the gamble.
Tacos are one of my constant cravings, so when I passed by and saw the "tacos that don't suck!" motto, I knew I had to try it.

My sister and I went at around 5ish and we were the only ones there. It took maybe 5-10 minutes to get our order. 

I ordered the "Almost Pastor" (pork, pineapple, salsa rosa, and queso - $7.75) from the regular menu and the "Caribbean Shrimp Taco" (shrimp, spicy cream, mango salsa, cilantro, radish - $10) from the specials menu. Each order had two tacos and included a lime. My sister and I split the tacos and we were both satisfied with the amount of food. These weren't the best tacos I have ever had, but they didn't suck! I love shrimp and pork tacos in general, but they could have definitely used more of the pineapple and mango to add some sweetness and tang to the meat and overall dish. A bite of the pork taco without the pineapple left a bit of a charred burnt meat taste. Despite the underwhelming fruit element, both tacos were filled to the max when it came to the meat and other components. 

When I am around the Fishtown area, craving another taco, I'll stop by to try some of the signature items or for their taco Tuesday deals.
I had the tacos when they first opened up and It's been a while since I had them. They are great. My favorite is the almost pastor, pork with pineapple and queso Fresca soft warm corn tortilla. The El Paso empanada, chili macaroni and cheese with spicy ketchup. The spicy ketchup was great. I thought the food was great. I actually thought there was to much pork in the tacos.  But when your complaining about too much of something that's ok. I also had an ice cold pineapple Jarritos
Where to begin...the staff was friendly and professional. 

6 of my colleagues and I came here because we heard the tacos were good. Also we had 45 minutes for lunch and the proximity made it an easy choice. 

I ordered the plain Jane tacos with extra cheese. The shell was out of the box (gross) and the meat was sweet which I didn't care for. I didn't see extra cheese either and since I love cheese it was disappointing. Another colleague got hers and devoured them so it can be subjective.  I'm from Los Angeles and when I think of plain tacos with the ingredients listed that taste didn't holdup. The meat was too saucy to be plain. 

Another colleague ordered the brocamole taco and he gave no complaints but no raves either so that could go either way. Someone else ordered a chicken burrito with rice, beans and cheese. Since I didn't eat my food she shared half of her burrito and it was basic, not enough cheese and the chicken had an odd metallic taste that took away from the overall taste and it was kinda dry. Oh I did get the chips and pico de gallo. The chips were authentic style and the pico was decent. A colleague ordered the pork tacos (real tortilla shells)and said they were too small so she ordered the nachos. I didn't ask about the tacos but since I was still hungry before I was offered a sample of the burrito I tasted the nachos. YES!!! These were delicioso. If I ever return I would definitely order this dish. Lastly a colleague ordered the fish tacos and she seemed pleased. 

I've worked in the restaurant industry so I know prep and cook time so I will say they were quick. However I ordered and paid for the chicken burrito, brocamole, plain Jane tacos, chips and pico and two pineapple sodas and it was $35  That I didn't like because mathematically that's almost $12 per person for food that wasn't tasty, small portions and  unfulfilling  

Overall this is not a place I'd seek out for tacos.
The first time I went, the soup I ordered from the rude red-haired dude was just okay. The just okay soup was much better than the incredibly rude and unprofessional man.

I later found out that the rude dude was fired/or quit, so I went back for the same Chicken-Corn soup.This time the staff was polite. I thought the soup tasted kinda off but figured I'd give them the benefit of the doubt because I really wanted to like this place. I gave my dog a piece of the chicken from the soup and he and I both ended up suffering from diarrhea for the next three days. Yes, the chicken had already spoiled before they served it to me.

I then went back a few months later (I live on the edge) and this time ordered The Kraken tacos, they were just okay. Yep, I had tried and tried with this place. I really wanted to give them four starts, but with the diarrhea, it just wouldn't make any sense.

They lost one more star because they think that the word 'Heffe' means 'boss' in Spanish. It doesn't. I'm an immigrant from one of many South American countries, so I speak, read and write Spanish rather fluently, in other words, I know what I'm talking about.  If only they had used a library or a book vendor to buy a dictionary. Or, you know, the Internet has online dictionaries.

I still think that this place will do well with the late-night drunk crowd and I really like the outdoor and tented area they have.
I wasn't expecting the food to be as good as it was here. My wife got the plain Jane tacos and I got the Americano burrito. They were both exceptional. I was hoping my wife was going to order something a little more exciting so I could try it, but the plain Jane turned out to be amazing. The Americano was really interesting and really delicious. I saw another reviewer mention it coming with ham chunks and mustard. Maybe she can't read because it says right on the menu that it comes with pork belly and Dijon mustard. If you want pulled pork on your burrito go back to grade school and learn how to read. I thought the mustard actually worked really well on the burrito. My wife and I will definitely be going back to Heffe.
Wow just horrible bland food. Got 3 different things from here and all had the same taste. I will never order from this place again. How do you mess up tacos??
Decided to give Heffe a second shot. Wasn't horrible the first time but just wasn't satisfied. This time, I showed up at about 10:30pm and got a special burrito, Fat Man, and a order of fries. First, I stood there for about 5 minutes while the 2 girls decided to argue about why they were mad at each other. I order and was told that the beans and rice were mixed together already so i could not have no beans. Whatever, I get it. Saving money or whatever, it was not a huge deal. That was not why I decided to give one star. I sat there for 45 minutes waiting for my food. As I sat there, I heard a massive amount of profanity. All 3 employee's were on the phone. After the 4th uber eats driver came in, I decided to ask if my food was coming. I asked and they instantly started arguing again. The girl who took my order, Indria, then just looked at me. Another girl who was working then asked where the food was and started cussing again. After they realized I had been waiting for about 45 minutes, she then asked who took my order. I pointed out Indria and she didn't say anything as she was on her phone still with ear buds in. The cook then started yelling saying he already made it. I never once received a "I'm sorry." They then found my food sitting on-top of the stove area and gave it to me and not a "sorry" or "have a good night" or anything was said. I will not be going back. As a customer, you spend money and expect at least decent customer service. All I received was foul language, constant complaining about the owner and how he did not care about the employees and cold food. This is not how a business is ran. Clearly since I waited for 45 minutes, food was cold.
The best !!!! I can't remember the name of my burrito but it was chicken and it was so amazing def a must stop!! And it's so fast for such an amazing taste :) open super late too
Amazingly fresh and tasteful tacos. We will return!! Great tacos, sides, etc. the beer garden doesn't hurt either.
Love love love this place. I worked in the restaurant industry for over 10 years and the guys in the kitchen who were from Mexico would cook tacos every Saturday and this takes me back there. The beef cheek is amazing, very beefy flavors with a good bit of fat in them. The kraken is a cool take on seafood tacos that we have enjoyed repeatedly. The bellicimo is their lab belly burrito and again it's awesome. We have also gotten the queso fundito and it's outstanding. The only problem with this place is that it's only a block from my place and that they waited until fall to open. I can tell you right now that I will spending a lot of nights in front of their ordering window and I haven't found a thing on the menu that is just ok yet.
This isn't my first time eating at Heffe. In fact I've eaten there dozens of times. But it's my first review of Heffe. And it's going to be some great things about Heffe and some not so great. I'm being generous with giving them 4 stars because I'm taking into consideration that I've eaten here many times and never had a bad experience. Until tonight. First let me deal with the great. I love love love there food. The tacos are always tasty and the quality  consistent. I've tried practically the whole menu and I've never been disappointed. I give them 5 stars on food atmosphere and quality of product. They lost a star tonight because if how I saw the cashier being treated. 4 other young women were in the kitchen area standing around talking while the young African American cashier took my order. She was friendly and a delight to talk to for the few minutes I did. The problem came when I asked if the tortilla soup was cream based or broth. She didn't have the answer but she proceeded to ask the others for me. They completely ignored her. It was as if she wasn't there. She had to go to the soup pots herself and lift the soup out to see the broth. I stood there with my mouth wide open. Not a one of those girls could bother to open there mouth and answer her? I mean they didn't even move out of her way so she could easily look for herself. She had to stretch. And the entire time they kept gabbing about whatever it was that was way more important than the customer service this young woman was trying to provide. I even said none of you are going to help her? To which I was ignored. I give kudos to the young cashier for her patience Because I would have flipped out on them. I felt bad for her. But she was a professional. I gave her a $5 tip that I pray she didn't have to share. As a customer. A loyal customer it bothered me to see her being dismissed and over looked. That is not how a team should work together. Especially in the view of customers. And I hope that the people who make decisions for Heffe read this and address this matter. There needs to be a very clear line of command in the very small kitchen. Everyone must know there job and not just stand around. If you have nothing to do get out of the kitchen all together. No one should be standing around. And most importantly for me the customer I want to see everyone working together. Not playing the mean girl role and dropping a fellow employee with no regard for decency at all. If your team member needs help. Help them. If they ask a question. Answer it or tell her where she can find the answer. A well oiled team creates a smooth work environment and that will be noticed by me the customer. As I stated before this is my First review and if not for how I saw them treating their co worker I would have given 5 stars. As it is I'm giving a very generous 4 stars.
Honestly hands down the best taco I've ever had. Normally am a big fan of fish tacos but their octopus taco (The Kraken) is out of this world. The perfect blend of crunchy, tender and salty. Definitely stop in to grab it!
Much improved and great value in the burritos. Not so much on the taco front. Their motto of "tacos that don't suck" is a little deceiving because we don't have a problem with crappy tacos in Philly, and Heffe's tacos are expensive and nothing outstanding. I suppose no, they don't *suck*, but two underwhelming tacos for $8-10 is kind of silly. I first tried the squid tacos and they were small, rubbery, and not very exciting.

Back to burritos: they're a filling size, have a good balance of ingredients, and come in a few exciting variations. And, at ~$8-9, they're the best value on the menu. I keep coming back for burritos (weekly at this rate).

Great hours. Staff is fine.
I've always been a fan of Modo Mio and Paesano's, and now with Heffe the holy trinity is complete. Knowing they use the same ingredients as the fine dining Modo, you get quality for on the go for cheap.

Lamb belly, beef cheek, chicken thighs, fried octopus. These are their taco proteins all under $10. If you love quality food but have a small wallet, you should give this place a try. Now if only they had a drive through.
Awful. The Fat Man is a hilarious excuse for a burrito. Lol that was disgusting. Go to Honest Tom's if you want a REAL burrito.
Food is good, except for the guacamole. Worst. Guac. Ever.  Staff is very friendly and attentive. They should be arrested charging $8 for the guac & chips. Beyond awful.
My friend and I came here on an unusually warm night in November for a late light dinner.  As usual, Mr McAndrews does not disappoint. 

This is my stomping grounds and since I've been here (10ish years) this little snack has stood empty. It is now completely redone, with the end result a quirky day-of-the-deadish atmosphere.  The menu is on a blackboard and you order from window. Then take a seat at the picnic tables and wait for your name to be called.  The turn around is pretty quick. Take it to go or sit and stay because the food is served in a cardboard togo box.  No alcohol (well, BYOB) but they have a good selection of Mexican sodas. 

We stayed to enjoy the weather. My friend had the buritto and I had the octopus tacos. They were both really good. Very flavorful and fresh. 

I'd love to see some small sides for sale to compliment the mains....chips and salsa or something simple (since the kitchen is tiny).   Definitely have plans to return sometime.
Seriously good and unexpectedly different twist on this kind of food.

I ordered both of the Vegetarian options they have, a quesadilla and a burrito, as well as the nachos (without the pork) and they were all veeeeery good. The nachos might have been that night's special. I was very surprised how different they were from what you commonly think of in terms of Mexican food. Much more modern twist utilizing some of the trendiest food items of our era, like quinoa, avocado, rabe, radish and more... All to create a mouthful of flavors. 

Very happy to have more Vegetarian options in my hood. Quick service with quality food. Will be back.

PS Maybe Gluten Free tortillas in the near future???
Heffe tacos is now one of my favorite places to eat in the city. Chef Peter mcandrew's take on Mexican fare is refreshing and delicious and the staff is friendly, knowledgable and our food came out really quick. I love to smoke weed and eat and heffe is now my go to place for tacos in philly. For Affordable food in a great neighborhood, heffe is a welcome edition to Fishtown.
Routinely I drive out of my way to go get the Betty Won't Burrito.  It is vegetarian and amazing!!!  Quinoa and chickpeas are the main components which means it is filled with delicious protein goodness.  I really don't know how they make chickpeas and quinoa taste so good.  And I love the hot sauce that they have at the tables.  That hot sauce with the Betty Won't=amazing, maybe I will drive over to Heffe's again today :)
Heffe is a neighborhood spot that's super close to me, so I often stop by for a quick late night bite. 

The tacos are pretty good, I especially like the merman. The best thing here was the waffle fry poutine, but they're not on the menu anymore! 

A big letdown is that it's cash only and can take a long time, so if you're in a rush, definitely call ahead. As a person who NEVER has cash (and hates ATM fees) the cash only thing is super annoying. However, that's more of a me problem. 

Are they the best tacos in town? Not really. Are they good for a drunken late night bite? Absolutely.
30 minute wait and my taco is still not ready. I had to walk away. If you want a great taco go somewhere else.
I had the "Fat Man" burrito from here- it was unlike any burrito I had had before. Crispy chicken,
Pickled cabbage, etc etc. Reminded me a bit of the type you get at California Tortilla. With unorthodox ingredients and recipes, it's not a pure or authentic kind of place. But I definitely want to go back and see what other kind of strange medleys they attempt to pull off. You have my attention, Heffe.
Lol don't waste  your time.   It took about 30 minutes to get any food around midnight.  The guy in the window kept yelling at the cooks and telling people that GrubHub and Uber eats orders are more important than the people that were waiting.  Also they didn't have hot sauce or salsa!
Less than dismal quality & service for such a simple menu. Local late night kitchens have nothing to worry about in Fishtown.
If you're looking for authenticity, keep looking. 
Get ready to settle for underwhelming, overcooked, underserved food. Sorry.
Another place which serves tacos in Fishtown... But can't give more than three starts, unfortunately ... We tried taco and burrito and none of them were worth it for $8 each... Sadly,there better places or even food trucks who does better taco and burritos. Too much salt in burrito... 

Decided to give one more chance! I don't like give bad reviews...
Second time we ordered quesadilla and I asked to add beef, was great choice! Liked so much, and can't skip the customer service- the guy was great and attentive I twice forgot the ticket and he walked out of kitchen and put in my hands:) our friends got tacos and liked too! Poutine fries were flavorful and filling! Hopefully the quality will stay the same!
Very good tacos and guacamole & chips. This place was recommended to me since I was looking for tacos nearby to the tattoo shop that I frequent. I had el pastor tacos- very tasty. Would love to try the other menu items when in fishtown again!
Tacos that do suck.


30 minute wait, tacos were soft from sitting so long so the shells cracked open, also forgot lettuce and tomato.

Taco Bell is better
Good food but seriously they have room for improvement. WARNING don't get take out. If you order tacos to go be prepared to eat slop taco salad. They use one cheesy tortilla and just fall apart before you have a chance to eat them. Also they are super cheap on Pico de Gallo with their chips. Not enough Salsa for 10 chips. Here are photos of what I got after my 5 minute walk home, see photos. Strongly recommend someone who runs this place to wise up and use two tortillas for each taco and stop being cheap. The food isn't cheap and no one likes eating tacos that look like the dog chewed them.  And yes. These photos are tacos though they look like road pizza.  I will say they offered to correct my tacos which is great but this has happened multiple times. Take out is just not an option.
Tips:
1. Cash only
2. Looks like you can byob (wish we did!)
3. Picnic table outdoor seating
4. Open late!

Delicious and cheap. We fell in love with the Almost Pastor tacos after ordering them off Caviar. They are even better when you get them from the stand. No frills, but delicious, generous portions, great value.
Americanized style tacos, but with good flavour. The Kraken are my favorite. They have octopus inside. Also get the poutline potatoes.
Fast and friendly service! Awesome pork tacos! I was just in the area and stopped by based on a Google review. I was pleasantly surprised! Limited seating at picnic tables inside and out. Unfortunately, no bathroom... Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
I've been here three times now and had different experiences each time. My first time there was the first weekend they were open. The good was amazing but the service was a disaster. It was packed and it was evident that it was a new business. That night I had the lamb belly burrito and the chicken tacos. It was the lamb belly burrito that brought me back. Wow! The second time I went back I got the lamb belly burrito again. Worth the $9 of delish lamb belly, gooey cheese, chickpeas, and fried egg. The third time I can back to get what is my favorite at any other taco joint, al pastor tacos. It was just after lunch and there was no wait (bonus) and they figured out the service piece. The tacos were good but not great. Not in love with the $7 price for the two tacos. 

Overall: Good food and a win for Fishtown. Get the burritos for value for your money. I'd go back again.
Their menu didn't seem Mexican. Too many options that strayed from authentic Mexican food; I couldn't even choose a dish. We walked in and after five minutes of contemplating the menu we walk right out.
This is the quirky kind of spot we're always looking for. We'll go back just to try the rest of the menu.
Fish taco was so sweet I couldn't finish it  "almost" pastor was dry and had more pineapple on it than it had pork. Also does anyone else think that having a big fat white guy as a logo and a slogan like "tacos that don't suck." Is pretty friggin racist?
Living in fishtown I hate giving below 3 stars but this place just left me wanting so much more. The tacos aren't great, they are beyond greasy and maybe some like that, but the thing that really got me down was the value. $6-9 for mediocre small quantity. By the time I was done I was sad I didn't just go to another taco place with better prices and better quality. I hope they either lower their prices to match the quantity and quality of their food.
Ordered the "Willie Make It" and it was absolutely delicious!!! Staff was friendly and my food came out fast! Ambiance is relaxed and fun! Can't wait to come back to try the tacos!!!
Gotta bump them down two stars for a drop-off in staff quality. Been there a couple times recently where the staff made it well aware that they don't like you coming in too close to closing time. I get the frustration and wanting to close up quickly, but it's not like I'm stopping by a minute before close and ordering something complicated. And then I tip excessively as a nod to the closing hour. I was really starting to like this place, but I'm taking my business back to the food trucks at Frankford and Girard where I've never received attitude like that.
I made better tacos last night for dinner,maybe I should open my own restaurant too. I got the plain Jane because I don't really eat pork and everything seemed to be pork. And octopus. When I bit into the taco I didn't taste much. it tasted like a burger with no seasoning. barely any cheese and lots of lettuce. I think they made these tacos from the fat of the cow.
I lover burritos  and when you make me a burrito with fried chicken  I think it's enough said. 
Been eating there for the past 3 years and never had an issue.
Fast service and reasonably priced. I got the Fat Man and it's hard to say how I feel about it. Nothing in the burrito was overpowering, not even the pickled jalapenos. But it was exactly what I expected. A solid burrito that make me feel greasy or bloated afterwords. The first few bites are amazing and then you just keep eating. Not too heavy, not too light. It's perfect. I finished it feeling filled, but not to a point where I want to take a nap. That's a very thin line to reach and I have to give 5 stars for that. I'll try the lamb one to wow my taste buds, for now this is my go to perfection.
went back for the Lamb Belly Burrito =  bliss

*that banner still sucks though ;)
Ordered a burrito off the menu along with pico to go. Placed my order, paid, and as I was waiting I started to do the math in my head and was overcharged by a small amount (talking less than 50 cents). I did the math a few times to make sure I was not crazy with a calculator.

Not a big deal I thought... and as my food was called I asked them about it. The two workers could not comprehend 1st grade math even after I showed them their own menu and explained how the total bill should be calulated with sales tax. They kept insisting it was the higher price "because that is what it is".

Took my money back and they took their food back. Will never be back as there are plenty of other places to eat in the area.
Ok, I've eaten a lot of tacos in my life and they have phenomenal and creative options. Locations got difficult parking most days and they are cash only but, I got the plain Jane and the meat was honestly the best taco meat I've ever had. Ever. Must try the sweet pea guacamole also!
Very interesting and expansive menu. Non-traditional taco menu. 

Great outdoor space which is lit up nice at night. It's a small little shack with only 2 people working. The main downside of the place was the long wait for the food. They weren't crazy busy but having one person cook just made it take a while. 

Ordered the vegetarian burrito and veggie empanada. 

Burrito was good and unique. The nuts threw me off but in a good way. 

The empanada was very heavy on the "pea" flavor. Be prepared. If you like peas this should be your go to... but also find me a person who says they like pea flavor. 

Decently priced and a good location.
This place is delicious.   Absolutely amazing taco and burrito creations!  They have something for everyone, including vegetarian options. Loving the location and the outdoor seating making it a great stop on any occasion. The Fatman chicken burrito is a favorite of mine as well as the Americano ( a Pork Roll burrito). You can not go wrong with the Mac Daddy or Plain Jane tacos if your more traditional -- All delish ! . So excited to have this place in the neighborhood ! Oh and they also have little treats for the doggies to enjoy as well :)
Went to the new location on Spring Garden. Have to say, very good! Had the merman tacos, boyfriend had the pescado burrito. Merman tacos had the perfect amount of spice and sweet from the pineapple salsa. Pescado burrito needed that sweet element but lacked it. Went again today: merman tacos, chicken bowl, and philthy street corn. All great!
Heffe is a walk up taco stand with limited outdoor seating. They do have a couple heat lamps and a plastic enclosure for the winter time. Surprisingly, the heat lamps really warmed the place up. I went on a cold November night and didn't feel cold at all. 

They have a decent sized menu. All orders come with two small tacos. I ordered the polo yo which consisted of fried chicken thighs, cabbage, ancho mayo, and queso fresco. I enjoyed my meal. I also tried a bite of the kraken which has friend octopus, chimichurri, spicy tomato jam, and quest fresco in it. I loved it! I would definitely order the kraken next time I go.

Service was great. The girl at the counter was friendly and able to answer my questions. I was also 50 cents short and she told me not to worry about it. So nice of her!

I knocked off a star for a couple of reasons. First and foremost, it is cash only which is a huge pain. Thankfully, there is an ATM on site though. Second, portion sizes are relatively small in relation to the price you pay. If I had come on a day when I was really hungry, I'm not sure that one order would fill me up. $7-10 dollars at Chipotle would take you a lot further than it would at Heffe.
The tacos might not suck, but their service does.

Ordered 3 burritos (2 of the same) and guac through Grubhub.  Specified that one burrito needed to be without almonds due to an allergy.  The order was missing a burrito, and the others weren't labeled, so we didn't know if one was made without almonds/ safe to eat.  When we called to try to get our missing burrito, they said they didn't have any drivers and we'd need to come pick it up, no apology for messing up the order.  We contacted Grubhub, who then called Heffe, and the guy at Heffe told them, "not my problem." Won't be ordering from them again - the food isn't worth the hassle and disrespect.
Exceptional nachos at a great price. It's very much a food truck-like vibe, but in a shack. There is only outdoor seating. It is CASH ONLY, but they're on GrubHub.. which is a weird combo IMO. 

I work in the area and will definitely visit again.
This place is open late and offers delicious post-drinking food! Actually the food is good whether or not you've been drinking. By far the best tacos I've had in Fishtown. Yes, there is the occasional homeless person, but if that deters you, start voting democrat! Yes the food can be greasy, but it's tacos! Have you ever had authentic tacos in Mexico? Well if you haven't, I'm sorry to tell you but they're greasy AF! 

The workers can be a bit much sometimes but the lady who usually runs the cash register is great! Look out for heavily intoxicated young adults in the late hours... they can be a bit much as well. 

Overall, this place is fantastic. Great food for a great price in a great location. Don't miss out on the octopus! Probably the best item on the menu!
My first trip to Heffe was in search of the beer garden (which was closed/shut down [?] and definitely not open on a prime summer Friday night.) 

I was advised by a friend who regularly visits Heffe to go for the tacos, so I ordered the Mac daddy beef cheeks tacos. I was planning on adding on the Almost Pastor, but was swayed by the loaded Yo Guido Nacho special at the window.

The Mac daddy tacos were SUPER delicious. The beef cheeks were incredibly tender, juicy, and flavorful. I loved the meaty but fall-apart-mid-taco juiciness of the beef cheeks. All of the add-ons were tasty, too.

The Yo Guido Nachos, a Philly roasted pork sandwich re-imagined as nachos, were messy - but delicious. The roasted pork and cheese made for familiar but fun nachos.

The $4 bottled water seemed a bit steep, but all in all I very much enjoyed my first trip up to Heffe. Next time - a burrito!
I ordered the almost Al pastor tacos and chips and guacamole and I don't think I'm ever going back again.  First off: got some weird, sh*tty vibes from the guy at the register.  Don't know if he's the owner, but super rude and unpleasant and much nicer to the wh*te customers that came after me.  

The tacos were loaded and bland.  I lived in LA for 5 years and was blessed with amazing tacos all over the city.  Usually a taco is an expression of craft and consideration, a simple thing that can be sublime if all the elements are considered.  These tacos had a basic tortilla and the marinate had zero appeal. They just seemed to be marinated enough, but then loaded on to impress with portion size and covered in a sharp cheese that sorta just puts a layer of icing on the blandness.  

The chips and guacamole were bad.  The guac was grey green and seemed to have been made in large batches and stuffed into styrofoam sometime in the morning or before then.  Boring, basic, looked up ingredients online gauc.  Chips were a bit nuked and salted blindly.  

I dunno, I'm sure this place can do fine.  Low overhead food at prices that are on par for the area (though criminally overpriced for what it is).  No, bad guac and chips are not worth $9 (even post-pandemic).

My advice is to sell the place to real Mexican food chefs so they can do justice to Mexican food than just taking advantage of the prime location.
The quesadillas were absolutely amazing  and the tacos highly recommend! Never disappointed with all the food we get here. Just tried the fish tacos and might be my new favorite
Horrible customer service!!! Placed an order through Uber Eats. The counter  girl gave us a call about specific modifications on our order. Our order came back totally wrong. It was bacon on a burrito that we didn't ask for. It was jalapeños on a burrito that we didn't want. Also two sides were missing. The counter girl said she didn't see any modifications on the slip she received at Heffe. But just called us about 45 mins before about these same mods that she "didn't see". She didn't try to fix our issue or anything. She also gave us plenty of attitude on top of that. If I could give 0, I would. Smh
Ordered delivery (Polo Yo, El Diablo Quesadilla, 9th St Empenada) and it was all fantastic. Not sure why they don't have more than 3 stars right now on Yelp but these are some of the best tacos I've had in awhile, and I just had some great ones in San Diego for comparison. 

Chicken thigh taco was moist and flavorful, good amount of crunch from the slaw and a tasty sauce. Good portion size too.

Wife had the quesadilla and it was pretty soggy with sauce and juices, but that is probably a problem with delivery more than the food itself. Didn't really matter, as it was still really tasty.

Will definitely order again!
When your catch line is "tacos that don't suck", you better deliver.  And, without fail, they did!

Today was the first of what will be many visits to Heffe.  My wife and I had Kracken tacos (octopus), Tijuana Poutine, and a burrito (forget which one).

The octopus, which is difficult to cook perfectly if you've ever tried, was cooked to perfection - super tender and very tasty.  A great choice!

The poutine was excellent, and consistent with other reviews, the fried egg made it extra special.  

The only downside was they don't serve beer, which is easily remedied by bringing your own.  DISCLAIMER - I'm cavalier with drinking wherever I damn well please, but you should probably ensure they are actually BYO.
Heffe has been on my radar for a long time, and I've wanted to pop in to try their "tacos that don't suck," or, maybe if I'm especially hungry, a burrito. Last night, I was especially hungry. So I entered Caviar domain, stepped up to the "ordering window," and took the necessary steps to claim a Fat Man burrito (and added crema on the side). This expected bad boy promised crispy chicken, rice, beans, jack, cabbage, pickled jalapeños, and bacon.

Around a half hour later, I went downstairs to meet the courier for the grand Fat Man hand-off. Then, I plopped down in a comfy chair and eagerly unwrapped my burrito in anticipation of my critical first bite. I chomped down, but I didn't get much. Rice, cheese, chicken, beans, a slight jalapeño kick. But there was NO flavor going on. Another bite introduced some crunchy cabbage. It was nice but undressed, and therefore bland. Bland was a recurring theme here. Because sadly, it turned out that The Fat Man was not a bad boy. He was just a whiny little whimp.

It's been over 24 hours now and I'm still pondering the mystery of the bacon in my Fat Man, or lack thereof. I don't think there was any bacon in it. I thought I detected some but it was actually just bits of the crispy chicken. I think. But I'm not sure. I only remembered the promise of bacon after consumption was complete, and then I drew two possible conclusions.

1. There was no bacon.
2. There was very little bacon.

Regardless on whether 1 or 2 are true, the fact remains that the burrito was bland af. No bueno! So the crema was woefully unnecessary and accomplished nada. The Fat Man wasn't obese but he was a respectable size, and filling for that reason.

Despite all of this, I would give the Willie Make It a try if I was in the neighborhood. I do love me some chorizo chili. And waffle fries!
