Hilltown Tavern is a good-looking Roxborough neighborhood pub with seating indoors and outdoors. It's the type of place the whole family can come to as well as a sports fan or a Happy Hour devotee. The service is also friendly although when it is crowded, it can be stretched, especially if the bartender is the only one working.  I'm not as enthusiastic about the chicken wings I had here however.  Nothing elevated them above average and the one dipping sauce included is way too small for an order.  You can purchase others.  The bleu cheese dipping sauce was standard, the spicy Asian not really that spicy, and I heard another customer complain about the Jamaican sauce not having much heat to it.  Still the Evil Genius #Adulting beer was a totally tasty and full-bodied accompaniment.  And I do like that this place functions very much like a neighborhood gathering place.
Great atmosphere, cozy, small...and so are the portions of food for how expensive it is. The beef stew was basically gravy and mashed potatoes....should've been $6 instead of $15. The lemonade vodka drink was almost $8 and I sipped it in 5 seconds, it was basically a lemonade. 

Sweet bartenders but not worth how expensive it is to eat bar food. 
I'd just go for the beer and company.
Holy Shit! I normally don't begin a review with expletives, but this is an unusual occasion.
Today was one of those back-to-back conference call days, that lasted through my usual lunch hour. It was 2:15 before I was able to break away. That is one of those hours where one is famished, but still has to be careful not to ruin the dinner appetite.
I figured wings are light, and I'd run by the Union Tap, but it was closed. Checking Yelp for "Wings" came up with a few alternatives sorted by distance. I generally don't like Main Street Manayunk parking so I went for a more "tucked away" neighborhood tappy.

Hilltown is SMACK in the middle of a residential neighborhood with plenty of street parking and several outdoor tables. As I walked in, I was surprised how many little kids were at the bar (not imbibing, but nibbling snacks while their dads pounded down a Guinness or two.) They had the requisite craft beers as well as local foam, and 11 different Irish whiskeys. So far so good.

Irish tavern food is always hearty, but usually not extraordinary cuisine. My expectations set, I almost ordered the wings, but something caught my eye. "Disco Fries" are typically a pathetic New Jersey diner version of the provincial Quebec specialty, poutine, rendered with cheap Mozzarella and canned brown gravy as opposed to the squeaky fresh curds and veloute proffered by our Northern neighbors.

This version included SHORT RIB and scallions. How badly could I go wrong? What arrived in less than five minutes was a basket of steaming hot FRESH CUT fries with piles of tender succulent short rib strips that melted in my mouth. The Cheddar was of good quality, and rapidly melted into the rich brown gravy creating the gestalt which is the hallmark of good poutine .. all without the traditional Styrofoam container.

I included the beer glass in the picture for scale. No fewer than FIVE fully-grown adult Russets gave their lives for this one order. It was far more than I could eat, but I gave it a valiant effort. This could easily have satisfied four big guys. For $11.

The very friendly barmaid assured me all their food was of similar quality and quantity. Certainly another place I intend to revisit, and explore the menu.
We love this place! Great food, great owners- reasonable prices. Quaint, dog friendly outdoor area. Perfect spring/ summer afternoon spot. Get the cheesesteak egg rolls and their fries are golden! Parking can be tough sometimes, but it's not usually too bad.
What a drastic improvement from the last bar that was here. Completely renovated, this place looks great! I love the updated decor and the addition of fantastic outdoor seating. I have to say the "Hilltop Fries" were the most amazing fries I have EVER had. They were house made hand cut fries topped with short rib, gravy, cheddar cheese and scallions. I totally ignored my "Hilltop BLT" with triple bacon, garlic aioli, lettuce and tomato. It was definitely packed with bacon, almost too much for me (which is crazy since bacon is my favorite food). If you go here- you need to get these fries. Im about to get off my couch and go get some right now. My only gripe here was that they are seriously understaffed. At lunch time there was only 1 girl working. She was making drinks, serving food, serving tables outside and doing take-out beer. The poor girl was doing her best, but she was completely overwhelmed! Our drinks came out after everyone was done eating and we were about to pay the check. Please Hilltop- hire some additional help. I would have given 5 stars if it weren't for this!!
Well let's just say this.... I've never heard of this town or this place and I was officially dragged there. Thank God I was we ordered take out and got an order of Disco Fries. I was skeptical because when I walked in to pick them up everyone was eating burgers and I said this can't be right! A half an hour later we arrived home and opened this styrofoam container filled with what I would call heaven. It was filled with fries coated with brown gravy and some of the most tender short ribs I've ever had. Enough said if your in the area gotta stop in for the Disco Fries!
Sited in the corpse of The Brickhouse, Hilltown Tavern is a complete change and welcome addition to the neighborhood.  To start with, the place is clean.  REALLY clean...the kind of clean you do not see in a bar.  The place is extremely comfortable as well - barstool, high top table, bench seat or outside picnic table, this place thought out well how your butt feels in their seats.  The windows are amazing and let the neighborhood and sunlight in - a bar really does not have to be dark and gloomy!  While there is a bank of large TV's they do not feel oppressive or intrusive.  There is a jukebox, so music can be scattershot.  Outside are many picnic tables with full service for those beautiful days...pets are welcome but there are enough tables available so those of us who do not appreciate Fido aren't forced to deal with your damn dog.  It is a neighborhood place so kids are welcome at appropriate hours.

Excellent on-tap and bottled beer selection, heavy on local craft but many areas of the country are also represented.  Prices are higher than Roxborough, lower than Main Street.  Fortunately this place is worth it. Take out beer is available at a reasonable price.

The food here is quite good - I have yet to have anything I am unsatisfied with.  The wings are standout - just ask for them well-done.  Short-rib  mac and cheese is perfection, as are the burgers.  BTW - putting a slider on the bloody mary?  Tacky, and brilliant! The Hilltown Bay fries are crabby deliciousness.  Food prices also fit into that higher than Roxborough, lower than Main Street general area.  

Hilltown has the best bar food in the Roxborough area, hands down, and may be the best bar.  Not quite upscale, not quite a gastropub, definately for the neighborhood it is in.
Great neighborhood spot. Have indoor and outdoor seating available. They have a solid beer selection. Definitely recommend their wings and southern fried chicken sandwich. They have happy hour that has a beer and wing special on weekdays!
Hilltown Tavern is a great neighborhood spot for wings, beer and pub-style food. Their wings used to be the best in the area, but recently they got a new chef and I personally don't think they are quite as good. With that being said, Hilltown is a great go-to place with friendly people, good food and a decent beer selection. Plus their outdoor seating is GREAT, they are very dog-friendly and their rotating beer list is really decent.
This is a nice little neighborhood bar and restaurant that has really good food and drinks. My fiance and I brought our dog with us and sat outside in their outdoor dining section. They even brought treats and water for the dog!

Any way, I ordered the fish and chips which were delicious and huge! I had to take a to go container. The fish was crispy and airy. Watching it down with a Deschutes fresh squeezed IPA made it that much better. My fiance got the Buffalo shrimp. That was really good too. And they had good blue cheese which is not something you can always take for granted. Can't wait to go back more this summer!
Love this place... Came for lunch once at 11:06 and it was closed.  Supposed to open at 11... Shame!

Other than that, my experiences here have always been positive and the food delicious.  I love sitting outside in a nice day just eating well and having some drinks with my family or friends.
Nice little local bar hidden in the neighborhood of Roxborough. Solid bar food, good beer selections, and nice atmosphere with outdoor seats. Fried Mac and cheese balls were killer! Wings were above average for the area. Worth stopping by!
Went here last nite to have a few drinks and food and I was really impressed. Everything is so clean, well designed and just feels like a great place to hang out. TVs everywhere if you're looking to watch a game. Decent sized bar and also quite a few high top tables as well. We had the hilltown wings and also the hilltown bay fries and both were AMAZING ! With this being a new place .. We went in tentatively but left completely satisfied and looking forward to going back. Nice beer selection as well as decently priced specialty cocktails! If you know craft beer and drinks .. You'll realize that their prices are quite fair / average. (If you usually drink Miller Lite .. Well then you may be surprised to find out that real beer costs about $6/pint ) Looking forward to coming back and trying more things on the menu !
Ok so i came in and immediately fell in love. It has "cheers" vibes. Everybody was so friendly and they clearly have regulars. I ordered wings (spicy but not too much), Hilltown bay fries (amazing), and coconut shrimp (huge and fried perfectly). I enjoyed everything i ate! I didn't get to take pics but i promise if you are looking for a nice friendly low key neighborhood bar with good food, this is the place!!! 

Also: 
They have a cute little patio space but it was cold so i didn't get to use it but i can't wait till the spring!!
This place is a true somewhat hidden gem of manayunk. It's off main street so it's nice and quite with plenty of space, very COVID friendly. We came on a Friday night with 4 people and had to wait like 20
Minutes for a table which isn't bad at all. We got drinks and sat on their comfy couches outside to wait. The food is amazing. The cheesesteak egg rolls were one of the best I've ever had. I also got the southern fried chicken sandwich with parm fries, amazing! I don't even like fried chicken sandwiches and I ordered this twice in one weekend. We came back the next day with some friends for lunch and the food was equally as amazing. I will definitely be back to this spot!
This is our go to stop in Roxborough. The Hiltown wings are incredible...such an original sauce. Also a huge fan of the grilled chicken salad as well as the fried southern chicken sandwhich. The five stars are for the food. Good choice of beer as well, both on tap as well as bottles/cans. You can also purchase 6 packs. For a sports bar, it's one of the nicest in the area by far. We prefer sitting at the bar as I believe their service is slightly better.
Yes it is, it is as good as it gets, the food is outstanding, and it even has s small parking lot behind the bar ,which is a rarity for a corner bar in ..well damn near any neighborhood in Philly really 

The food is some of the best bar food In the area (on par with the Tavern on the Ridge), maybe the city, I had the Jamaican wings, I forget what the hell everyone else ordered because I was on a mission once I tasted them. 

Yes its a bit pricey,but the place is damn near new looking inside , Irish themed , they have a pretty good beer list , and I already told you about the food ...which Im now craving thank you 

Staff was great, place isn't the biggest, so its best to get there early, or if the weather is pleasant enough theres outside seating 

If youre in the Roxborough area , give it a try
Omg grilled cheese!  I am craving it now!  As a vegetarian they don't have many options here for me but that's ok.  I know where to go when I want a good grilled cheese.
Great beer selection too.  Love that there is a decent bar within walking distance that I can bring my dog to!
Nice neighborhood spot! Friendly atmosphere, indoor or outdoor seating, good food, good vibes. Great place to chill on a weekend afternoon.
Cool, little, local bar with tasty food. We popped over for dinner and enjoyed. Now I'll admit that at first I thought the poutine seemed a little pricey, but when it came (the short rib, cheese, and gravy) it was practically a meal for two people. A LOT of meat cooked super tender.
     I had the fish and chips and my wife had the southern chicken sandwich. Two more large meals. Fish was crispy and light, the chicken sandwich was a whole, huge chicken breast. I felt the breading on the chicken was a little bland, but my wife really enjoyed it. I think it had a backend taste like a chick-fil-a sandwich.
This place is a hidden gem for those who do not know about this restaurant. Their food is always cooked to perfection. The atmosphere is always welcoming at Hilltown. They have outdoor seating which is also dog friendly. I will continue going to this bar for as long as I live in the area.
I'm not sure what to make of this place. We went during the Super Bowl and they  only had it on 1 TV with the the other being on a highlight reel and the other being on a stagnant channel? The website said 7 TVs but the other sections of the bar were closed. They have a little dining area in the back and another whole bar behind their bar which was dark. 

Looks like this  place could be a  great club Friday and saturday nights. They also have outdoor seating but we didn't see it because it was too cold. Food menu was in the works? They said they'll have a bigger menu soon. We got wings nachos and burgers. Wings were a little over done. Nacho cheese tasted a bit odd. Burger was okay but nothing to write home about. And French fries were way over cooked. Beer selection was limited. 

Not sure if it's under new management or if they're slowly letting their business phase out but you kinda feel bad for a sleepy bar like this. Could be a nice popular tavern.
Had lunch there yesterday. Decor amazing. Staff so friendly. Food INCREDIBLE! Had the wings which are fried but still juicy with a amazing sticky sweet spicy sauce soooooo good! And the crab fries so much goodness loaded with lump crab meat and savory cheese sauce! Plus every item that was brought out to other tables looked so good. If I had more room in my belly I would have ordered 1 of each! Will def be my new go to spot in the neighborhood, quality food reasonable price with a center city feel. Can't wait to go back!
I'm glad Hilltown Tavern is still operating in COVID times. Their burgers and fries are a delicious stand-by. Timely delivery and high quality food.
I'm really impressed with Hilltown Tavern.  How have I not been here before?

From the outside you may think this is your typical neighborhood pub, but the food is definitely above average.  Dishes I tried:
-Nachos with chicken: These were excellent.  Nachos usually are not my first choice for an appetizer, but these looked so delicious when the waitress placed them on the table that I just couldn't resist.  First of all, whatever type of cheese they use is superior to the standard nacho cheddar.  It was super tasty and melted into a sort of sauce rather than becoming stringy.  Second, the chicken was of the pulled variety so it was more evenly dispersed than chunks of chicken would have been.  The third thing I really liked about these nachos was that they were loaded with fresh toppings.  Guac, pico, and pickled jalapeños all come standard which definitely elevated these above your typical pub fare.
-Bread Pudding: This is the best bread pudding I've ever tried!  Again, this is not my usual choice of dessert (I hate soggy bread) but the texture on this was amazing.  Fluffy and rich at the same time.  The bread is torn into pieces, layered into a loaf pan with the batter, and then cut into new slices (at least from what I can tell).  Each piece is caramelized on the bottom which adds a fabulous light crunch.  This dessert is served with caramel and a chocolate drizzle.  Although I liked both sauces, I thought the chocolate was unnecessary and would like to try it with just the caramel next time.  The plate could easily serve two, and possibly even four if you're stuffed from dinner and everyone just wants a bite of dessert.  However, I'd stick to sharing with one other person since you'll want to keep eating it. :) OH - and this dessert is five dollars.  Get it.

Drinks I tried:
-Raspberry Mojito: This was very refreshing, albeit sweet.  I recommend mixing it up when you get it otherwise the bottom of the drink will taste sweeter than the top.  The mint was well-muddled and added a nice freshness to this drink.
-Sangria: The available sangria flavor changes, so ask your server what is currently being offered.  When I was here, it was a sweet white with citrus.  Good, but nothing life-changing.
-Guinness Martini (not sure if this was the exact name): Dessert cocktail with Bailey's and chocolate.  Good flavor, stronger than anticipated.  Would probably stick to one of these towards the end of the meal.

Next time I'm dining out in the area, this will be my first choice.  I'm looking forward to trying other dishes on the menu, and to dining outdoors when the weather warms up.  I also can't wait to eat that bread pudding again!
Barbara is an amazing bartender. She was attentive and made the BEST Cosmo that I ever had.  I have traveled the world and this little Roxborough bar is the little engine that could.  Please go out of your way to find this remarkable place, Franchises kiss my ass!!!
This place has so much potential, but they missed a couple marks for me. First off, dumb dumb over here forgot her license. Apparently I look "very young" and luckily I live .2 miles away sooo you guessed it. I ran home. And back. Hey. I needed my beer. Obviously not the waitresses fault, she was just doing her job, just wanted to set the mood for the rest of this review. First real strikes come from the beer (obviously an issue).  I'm pretty sure of the 8 or so drafts,half of them were tapped. I understand one or two, but you really need to know how to keep up with demand.. it was a Wednesday night. Bingo may be busy, but it's not that busy. 

Where they get their points from me was the food. I have never. Ever. Enjoyed restaurant mac and cheese so much (sorry but mamma and nonna know what they're doing). It comes with huge chunks of short rib (I don't even really like short rib). It's creamy, and delicious, and it made me mucho happy. The shrimp and crab quesadilla used legitimate crab, and decently sized chunks of shrimp, and I was pleasantly pleased with that as well. The mac just stole the show is all. I recommend coming for good food, and a chance at decent beer but that's gonna be a hit or miss I suppose.
I discovered this place about 4-5 years ago, and was AMAZED by their juicy pub burgers and hand-cut fries.  For years, the burgers were cooked EXACTLY to order... Medium rare was pink, just this side of bloody, and every bite was depressing because you knew eventually there would be none left.

The last THREE chances I gave them (today being the last) my burger was served well-done.  The last TWO times I explicitly (nearly BEGGED) the waitress to tell the chef MEDIUM RARE and to PLEASE not over-cook it.  The times I went, it was not busy.  There were only a couple of other diners, so it wasn't a kitchen being overwhelmed. It was a chef who doesn't give a shit. 

The fries still rock. It's a shame, though, that what was once my favorite burger in the state is now something I would not order on a bet.
Hilltown is truly a hidden gem. It is tucked away in the middle of the neighborhood, with a fairly large outdoor seating area. The atmosphere is very easy going and you definitely get local vibes from this spot (which I love). The bartenders are super chill and make your visits enjoyable and entertaining. They have a rotating craft beer selection and I've never had any issues finding a beer I didn't like. I've had pretty much every food item on their menu and have yet to be disappointed. I am mostly an appetizer girl, and they hands down have the best Cheesesteak Eggrolls in Manayunk. If you want wings, definitely go with the hilltown sauce. Overall, it's an awesome spot to grab drinks and food whether you're with friends or not. 

Side note - we ordered takeout from here during COVID and were extremely impressed with their preparedness and cleanliness. All employees were wearing masks and brought the food outside to your car. Big props!!
This was actually the first place we've eaten out at as a family of 4 and probably since before quarantine! It was worth it! They were so sweet and accommodating with the kids. The food was great and server was super friendly. We'll definitely be back
Just updating because even after making the rounds in manayunk this is still my (and my bfs) favorite burger+ fries! The fries are perfectly crispy even when we takeout food and the burgers are cooked to perfection and so juicy! 

PSA: they now have both garlic fries and SWEET POTATO fries!!!! 
Finally got a pic! Go here, get a burger and you will not be disappointed! Plus the patio is now open so bring your pup if you'd like or just enjoy the warmer weather (hopefully)!
Great food, fantastic craft beer options, service was above & beyond, and their outdoor seating area is dog-friendly. 

Huge brownie points to the bartender/waitress who had a fairly full bar inside, but still managed to provide excellent service to a table of 2 + our dog seated outside. I didn't catch her name, but she was very knowledgeable about the menu as well as beer selection, was very attentive, and gave our turd nugget a biscuit & fresh bowl of water as soon as we sat down. 

I had the fish & chips and Fresh Squeezed IPA on draft. Both 

The boyfriend had the crispy southern fried chicken sandwich and also gave it 

Fantastic first experience; looking forward to going back again today!
This place was ok. Just...ok. 

Had the wings as an appetizer. The buffalo wings were flavorful, but decidedly too small for a restaurant. The other flavor was strange and unnecessary. The fried pickles were good. 

Ordered the penne with shrimp as a main course. It came completely devoid of flavor. Ended up packing half of it up, bringing it home, adding a fair amount of garlic, olive oil, sea salt, cracked pepper, and a cut up breaded chicken breast and it became a much, much better dish. 

Their 'no glass on the patio' rule seems more directed at noise reduction than safety, in which case is kind of irritating (Guinness should never be drank out of a plastic cup). 

I would give it another try - their burgers looked decent, and the sweet potato fries were much better than their regular ones. But not super impressed so far.
What's pleasant surprise All I can say is I left with a stomach ache because it was so good I didn't leave a morsel of food! The portions where large! Don't know why I didn't try it sooner I know because it's bar food and I try to eat healthy but if I'm gonna indulge this was so worth it
Just updating because even after making the rounds in manayunk this is still my (and my bfs) favorite burger+ fries! The fries are perfectly crispy even when we takeout food and the burgers are cooked to perfection and so juicy! I never get a picture of them because we can't help but dig in so fast
food was just ok but you needed $35 minimum to use a credit card.  ridiculous and it wasn't written anywhere.   I never carry cash ans had to use the atm to get $ out to pay
Great restaurant tucked away in Roxborough.  It was recently redone.  There is a great selection of beer, reasonably priced cocktails, and outdoor seating. The food was tasty and fresh.  Looking forward to going back.
I was here yesterday with my gf and a couple of her friends! It was a nice day so we sat inside with the doors open. I ordered the shrimp crab quesadilla. It wasn't  bad but it wasn't as good as others I had before. The Parmesan fries were good! And so was the raspberry mojito! Overall we had a good time! I would come back but to try something else!
Let me tell you about this place. I am a huge bar food person. I love the drinks, food, and overall aurora of sed bar/restaurants.  The Hilltown Tavern™ fits the quintessential definition of what I look for in such a place. A watered-down bottle of Coors Lite? You bet they have it. A 16 oz. draft of an IPA you've never heard of? Yeah they got that to impress your date. And by impress I mean the complete opposite. Regardless, they have a superb beer selection. The disco fries, along with the rest of the food, hits the spot nearly 100% of the time. I say nearly 100% because the only bad thing I ever had on the menu were the nachos. You cannot go wrong with anything else. Now the interior design of this place has one flaw: it's a bit tightly packed. During busy times you are close enough to the couple sitting right next to you for a prostate exam (which are not fun by the way). Chairs and tables can be uneven and have different heights depending on where you sit. But once the warm whether comes along, sitting outside is the way to go. "This place is really nice outside. I wish I could share this space with someone special. Too bad I'm here alone," I said as I sat outside alone with the sun setting over the Roxborough row homes surrounded by crisp Spring air. I give this place 4 stars, but just by a smidge.
Such a nice local bar in the neighbirhood with outdoor seating for the nice weather! The food is great, staff are so friendly. Can always have a great low key night in the area with some good wings, fried, and drinks!
My boyfriend and I have been here twice now. Once we sat outside with our pup and we sat inside on a weekday night. The service is a bit slow because they seem to have 1-2 people working at a time, but the food makes up for it. Get the cheesesteak spring rolls and the fried pickles...you will not be disappointed.
Last night my girlfriend and I each ordered a corned beef special and one order of buffalo wings.  The wings were good but the beef on the corned beef special was so overcooked that it was a gross brown color and was inedible.  Pre-covid went there for a burger that was also overcooked.  If you want just wings and beer than it's a good place, but I won't be ordering anything other than that from them again.
I want to love this place because the outside patio is so cute, I can walk to it from our house and they are kid and dog friendly.  But I really, really don't love it.  We went a few years ago when it first opened and I didn't like it then, but we keep hearing good things about it so we tried again tonight.  IMO, nothing has changed at all.  Underwhelming at best when it comes to drafts, wine and food.  The food is extremely basic pub grub with little to bad flavor.  Fish tacos were almost OK, the guac and salsa had no flavor at all and the tortilla chips had a terrible flavor I can still taste hours later.  Draft options are so stupidly limited in a bar, it blows my mind.  I think 4 choices of glasses of wine. It should also be much cheaper than it is for what you get.   I am completely confused by the good reviews.  Staff was friendly, but not really attentive.  Big fail of what could be a truly great neighborhood spot.
My husband and I both enjoyed the Hilltown burger...very tasty...and my son liked his burger too...good fries!!!
Nice atmosphere and friendly service...will definitely go back and sample some other menu items :-)
1 star for some of the worst hygiene I've ever seen from a server. This is the day the president declared the Coronavirus a national emergency. We convinced ourselves to get some air and trust our local pub with serving us dinner and drinks. As we sat down, our server cleared our table by carrying empty bottles and glasses away by sticking his fingers INSIDE the bottles and half drank glasses. 

Dude, that's disgusting on any day, let alone during a pandemic. He also spilled a half empty water on our table and never came back to clean it up. In fact, I never saw a towel or spray bottle in the 20+ minutes we sat there - as other tables left and were cleared.

A server can carry three glasses at a time in a hand or get a TRAY, dude. You cannot put your fingers in bottles and glasses and then bring people their checks, which we witnessed. We waited for over 20 minutes for 2 beers and laughed over the unsanitary practices we saw. Eventually we decided this would be the epicenter of a Roxborough outbreak if there were ever to be one, so we left. I'm sure he was busy but not too busy to use basic hygienic service practices. 

Never carry a cup or glass by the lip. He did it with fresh drinks to multiple tables. Never put your fingers in beer bottles to take them away from a table. That wouldn't fly in the darkest college bar at 1 am. Tables MUST be sanitized between parties, especially when there's a spilled drink on one. It was all too obvious to even have to mention. 

Beyond food and service safety, when you're in the weeds, you have to acknowledge it. "Hey guys, sorry the bar is backed up." Anything. No one should ever sit for over 20 minutes for 2 bottled beers. But most importantly food and service safety! Everything else can suck but if your staff has no regard for the health of the customers and the community, you should not be operating. People will get sick from eating here when this goes on. Even without Covid. Period. 

Ya can't just blame the kid either. He was trained here. Any competent staff would have seen these habits and nipped them in the bud long before Coronavirus. In a time that our local bars and restaurants are trying to convince us to come out and support, Hilltop convinced me to stay home. I won't be back.
We picked the busiest night to come here. First spring weather of the year! It was soooo packed but the service was amazing. My meal was a little cold and they not only heated it up they gave me a completely new meal! Our waitress Lisa was amazing and super helpful and consistent. We'll be back again Love this place! Great beer list!
For bar food, it was more impressive than expected. We were hungry with no plan for the evening. So this place is definitely a local hangout.
     I love fries and gravy, so we tried the poutine with short ribs, cheese, and gravy. HOLY MOLY! So it was tasty, but the serving size was crazy huge. We may have gotten away with ordering just that. I had intended to go lighter and ordered fish and chips. A pretty good portion as well with light batter and tender fish. My wife ordered a southern fried chicken sandwich. While I found the breading a little plain, this was a huge, whole chicken breast.
      Would like to give more of the menu a try.
Came here recently with some friends for some wings and drinks. The wings here are amazing! The service was good and the place was clean and friendly. I'd definitely come back here again. The fried pickles were on point too
I call it the chilltown tavern bc them beers are ice cold baby! The staff always keeps it a bean. Wings, burgers, mac n cheese, what the hell else you want? Stop in for a cold beer and delicious food. Tell em daddy sent ya!
Good food

The hostess was friendly and the waitress was also nice which gave us a good first impression considering it was our first time checking this place out.

The atmosphere on a Friday evening is lively and the crowd is a mix of young people till mid 40's.

I ordered garlic parmesan wings and the short rib fries with gravy which was a poutine for me and the wife and we were impressed. The food was fresh, hot, and had just the right amount of seasonings. The servings were big enough for us to actually bring home leftovers. The fries alone is enough to split and the blue cheese dip for the wings was amazing. 

Definitely want to go back soon.
My husband and I go here regularly, particularly when there's outdoor seating and we can bring our dogs. The wait staff is friendly (and love our dogs), the beer list is fantastic, and the food is all around good. Rarely items maybe a little overcooked, resulting in 4 stars. Our favorite dishes: fried chicken sandwich, Disco fries, fish or beef tacos, French onion soup, fried pickles, filet tip sandwich. Fries are good, particularly dipped in their spicy ranch.
Not the kind of place we like to hang out in, too "bro-y" and loud. But the drinks are strong and the wings tasty so if that's your jam, this is a great place for you!
Went here on a Friday night around 8:30 and had to wait 15minutes for a table outside. Was surprised to see some of my favorite craft beers available. Even had Deschutes Fresh Squeezed IPA on draft. The bartenders were busy but gave average service. I would not come here for any speciality drinks. The waitress for outside appeared to be under a lot of stress and over worked. I'm guessing this was a 2nd or 3rd job for her as she didn't have much passion or time management skills for it. Had to flag down the wait staff to say we were ready to eat after about 10-15 minutes of waiting with the menus down. Food arrived in good time. Got the chicken nachos and the steak salad. Nachos were pretty good and a large portion for $10. The salad was decent but I'd expect a little more steak for $13. 

Overall nothing spectacular but not a bad place to go in the neighborhood for a beer and bar food.
My Bf and I came with our dog for dinner after deciding we were not in the mood for Main Street crowds on a Friday night. We sat outside and it was a gorgeous night, the outdoor seating was filled with happy diners. We live close-by and walked but they have a nice parking lot in back (shock I know, parking in MNYK/ROX)

Food/Drink
We started with Beers obviously, and the chips+salsa+gauc. Everything was tasty and the portion of chips was good however the gauc seemed to be a tiny little portion. 

For our mains, the BF ordered the Bleu burger which was superb, I took a bite as well even though i'm normally not  a fan of bleu cheese and loved it. I had the chicken tacos which were delicious but I could barely finish them as they were packed with meat! Not an issue it was just a big serving!

Service
When it came time to clear our plates/get the check and/or another beer the service was non-existent. We finished our food and waited, waited, waited... trying to catch the attention of ANY server with no luck. We would watch as our waitress would go to check on each of her other tables and not even glance over at us even though it was obvious we were done eating. 

Literally 15min go by with our empty untouched plates sitting in front of us and she finally arrives to clear them and ask if we need anything else. At this point our pup was getting hungry for his dinner so we just asked for the check before she ran off. Once she grabbed our CC with the check again it took an unusually long amount of time before she came back with it. 

Overall:
Food is so delicious and the beer/drink selections are great. Patio is lovely and great for dogs. 
Service was a little off, not sure if this was just an off night for but i like to give people the benefit of the doubt. We'll try again and hope the service doesn't repeat itself.
extremely slow service. well understaffed. food takes forever. beer menus not updated. good food however basic bar food.
A classic, great neighborhood bar. Right in the middle of a residential area, it's nice to be able to walk down the street to the corner bar.  They have a rotating selection of beers on tap, plus the regulars. Menu is full of typical Irish pub type of foods, but the execution is excellent. Portion sizes are generous as well. A great place to go and relax in the evening. During the Spring-Fall they also have wonderful outdoor seating.
First time exploring Hilltown Tavern. Parking was easy. They have a small parking lot for atleast 4 cars. 

Brunch was fantastic though seating in the middle of the heat wave. Our server (wearing mask) was very thoughtful and brought a pitcher of water while we waited patiently under the umbrellas for shade. They were very accommodating to our party of 12 including a puppy. 

My kids are looking forward to their breakfast sandwiches next weekend. We love to support local businesses during the pandemic.
Crab fries come in an enormous portion and probably the best I have ever had. They use real lump crab meat and they are just amazing. The Fish tacos and  nachos are also very good there. The place is cute and definitely worth a try if you're in the area.
Truly, I hate to be a hater here -- but I don't get the reviews based off of food. Stopped by this spot a few weeks ago and really, really wanted to like it as my SO and I are always looking for local, non-corporate places to eat... and unfortunately the food we had just really left us with no incentive to return. Burger was bland, fish tacos left me with digestive issues. Fries were good and (after they turned down the lights which were v e r yyyyyy bright for the longest time) the atmosphere was alright. I also don't really enjoy being served things on plastic plates. I'd go back for a beer and maybe some stuff out of the fryer, especially to sit on their expansive patio -- but otherwise, forgettable.
On my birthday celebration, my fiancé had the amazing idea to take me out to this restaurant. The place is not big but they have enough seats for everyone. It also have some tv's around so if anyone is a sport fan this pub is the one to go. 

There is parking outside the pub and you can also park on the street if it's necessary. The pub is very clean and the service is also good. The bartender was very efficient and she was on top of everyones drink refills and asks if we needed anything. All the customers seemed to be happy with their service.

I ordered the spicy fried pickles as our appetizer. We got some water and my fiancé ordered the famous "Bloody Mary" which is an alcoholic spicy drink that comes with bacon and a mini burger. She loved it. I ordered a twisted tea which was also good. 

For dinner I ordered the chicken crispy burger which included french fries. I have eaten chicken crispy burgers in other restaurants but this one was special because it wasn't greasy. I loved it. I also overheard some other customer say that the wings were delicious. ( I will have to come back for the wings soon) My fiancé ordered a Hilltown Burger which also came with fries. She said she liked how it was cooked and also was tasty. 

Me and my fiancé will definitely be back to this place. We loved it!!
The service was great and a wonderful selection of beers. I love IPAs. The wings were big and fatty even with the request of 'well done- extra crispy' still fatty skin and i prefer the smaller wings. I would return for sports watching, people watching and beer. Huge selection of food so I would try another snack. Service really took them above and it's a random house in the middle of the block. Adorable.
Came here for dinner Wednesday ( around 4.30/5pm ) the food was banging. We had the filet sanwhich with Guinness cheese and Korean bbq wings, fish tacos and tenders and fries ( toddler ) our server was awesome too! I'm sorry I don't remember his name! We live around here and will defo be back! Great outdoor seating!
PARKING LOT! This is a go-to because of the parking. The selection of drinks is fine, the food is fine, the service is fine. Not the place to get adventurous with choices or ask your bartender for more information. It's a great neighborhood corner bar. Manage your expectations and it's good.
Great beer selection and friendly staff. To date, no one beats their cheesesteak rolls. A great place to grab a drink with friends or grab a bite to eat with your family!
We love Hilltown Tavern! I dream of the fried chicken sandwich that they have, as well as the Bloody Mary with the little hamburger on it that actually made me a fan of the Bloody Mary! I can't really think of something to advise against ordering- you can't go wrong with the food here. They always have a good selection of beers and have well stocked liquor shelves, as well. The staff is nice and friendly. I'd say the wait for food is average to a little long if they're busy, but worth the wait!! Cheers.
My husband and I love coming to Hilltown when we want a beer and some good food. This place is awesome. In the summer we sit outside under the adorably lit patio with string lights. Their fried chicken sandwich is soooo good. The disco fries, yet ginormous, it was not all that great. They have daily soups that are made in house and I love trying them all. French onion has been my favorite.
Have attempted two visits. Both times, we have been seated and then ignored for over thirty minutes. It was not even busy during one of these occasions. The second time we just ended up walking out. The food was fine but not memorable enough to excuse that kind of service.
Barbara is an amazing bartender. She was attentive and made the BEST Cosmo that I ever had.  I have travels the world and this little Roxborough bar is the little engine that could.  Please go out of your way to find this remarkable place, Franchises kiss my ass!!!
Terrible service, terrible food, terrible time. I can't get over how awful it was. Do not go here if you want barely cooked food, servers who visit your table once and parking that is scarce.
It's pretty decent here. Good food, good scenery here. Not great with parking. Yes, they do have on-site parking lot, but, it's not close being enough. A bit pricey, I think. I am not sure it's worth spending extra dime here, but I would try here once in a blue moon.
Hilltown Tavern is a go to spot for myself and my family. The beer and food selection is fantastic! The cheese steak egg rolls and the shrimp quesadilla are out of this world. The inside is a little small and can get really loud during happy hour but they have a fantastic outdoor patio that is dog friendly, they leave out water bowls for your furry friend. 

The take out beer selection is usually always on point as well- plenty of local craft companies and other seasonal craft selections to take on the go resonantly priced. 

The staff is overall friendly and efficient I have visited this place a lot because it's local and it's very consistent. We will definitely keep going back.
Hilltown is a consistently good neighborhood pub. We went for the outdoor dining on a Monday night. They had nice shady tables and plenty of space. All of the servers were wearing masks and the tables were cleaned after every party. We felt very comfortable! 

I always go for the hilltown burger, those caramelized onions are perfection! We also loved their cheesy nachos. 

Their tap list is always rotating and they almost always have summer love during this time of year. That alone makes it worth the trip! I'm glad they are taking this pandemic seriously and putting their customers first.
Food at Hilltown is awesome! Have been here a few times as it's pretty close to home. It's a staple for my fiancé and I as their food is good! Much better than normal bar food. Their wings are amazing! Always cooked perfectly. Crab fries are awesome as well- so much crab! Their Bloody Mary is great. Service is usually on point as well. 

Plenty of tv's so nice for watching a game.

There is a lot but parking can be a bit challenging depending on the time of day, uber or walk if you can.
