Great balance of authentic Chinese and Taiwanese dishes and what we Americans would refer to as "Chinese Food." The store owners (Cathy and Andy) are often on site and very friendly and welcoming. Their regular customers are all greeted by name and the wait staff can usually remember their favorite orders.

Have been coming here for years and every time its a feast! With high quality Chinese food and really long hours, this restaurant has become a staple in Philly's Chinatown.
We were in town for the Chinese Lantern Festival nearby and decided to hit Chinatown for dinner. Luckily as we were bombarded with wave after wave of restaurants, I remembered the awesome review I wrote about my meal at Ho Sai Gai.

We were seated instantly and given a pot of hot tea. Our server was really nice and asked us if we were going to the Lantern Festival. She took our order and we got the soup (Chicken Egg drop) fairly quickly. Unfortunately I had to take away a star because the food they brought me was not what I ordered. (I ordered a honey pineapple coconut chicken combo and got an orange chicken (with a hint of spice) combo. To be honest, I was too distracted by the weather (raining off and on) to realize the meal I was picking at wasn't even what I had ordered. Luckily I'm a fan of citrus but it wasn't something I would want to order again. My grandmother and sister got the correct items. 

Overall it was a good experience with our server who was very attentive and the soup was great.
This new version of Ho Sai Gai (Prosperity), is so much nicer than the old one I visited several decades ago.  Small and cozy, it is clean, bright and friendly.  There is a full bar if that is the direction you want to go.  Their hours are long into the night to capture some of the after hours crowd, and their offerings compare well to the competition across the street.  

There are both English and Chinese menus.  Their contents are somewhat different.  While the English version is similar to most Chinese/American offerings (read: non-authentic), the alternative book stays truer to what the Chinese diner looks for.  It should also be noted that this is a Taiwanese-styled kitchen, which brings it closer to Cantonese plates in taste, but also providing a few dishes that are more uniquely from Taipei.  

The three of us were handed the English menus, which were quickly exchanged for Chinese when we explained that most of us only spoke English as a second language.  We ordered 3 dishes; two with Pork, Beef, Veggies and Rice or Tofu and Mushrooms in Brown Sauce, and a Crispy Pork Chop on top of a thick dark and flavorful sauce.  They were all decent, although none of us thought the meals exceptional.  The meats were well cooked on the first plate, but my other friend found her dish too salty.  My Pork Chop was a big, coated and fried slab with bone, but a bit passed prime, and seemingly dry.  

Still, we consumed most of everything, enjoying our conversation.  The pot of hot tea was great to see delivered to our table as part of the presentation, and without added cost.  We are not fond of the Fried Noodles on the table for dipping in Duck Sauce, and had them removed to avoid caloric temptation.  

The sweet spot for Ho Sai Gai appears to be its late night business.  Its mid-afternoon weekend lunch, not so much.
Service: 5
Decor: 5
Cleanliness:5
Friendliness:5
Food:5

Me and hubby were looking for late night Chinese/Americanized restaurant that is decent. What I mean by decent? A restaurant that does not separate the patrons and its' staff(s) with a bullet proof glass. A menu consist of Chinese favorites and American favorites. A clientele of every color. 

We were in a hurry so we opt for take out instead. We ordered 2 hot beef noodle soup, 3 beef cheese steak rolls, and shrimp with broccoli combination platter. We swear the beef cheese steak rolls are the BEST in Philly. So cheesy and beefy. Hubby says his Shrimp with Broccoli taste so freaking good. He found his new favorite spot for Chinese food. In addition, me and my mom really enjoy the beef noodles soup too, full of flavor, YUM. 

The only downside about Ho Sai Gai is the price tag. Cheese steak rolls are $2.80 each. Beef noodles soup are $10.80 each. Combination platter around $14-$15. Oh, don't forget the taxes. But delicious food do cost money, we totally understand. We will be back:)
Reliably good food on Race Street especially if you are hunting for options late at night. The first time that we staggered in here was after a visit to a speakeasy in Chinatown. 

The owner mentioned that they were from Taiwan early on in our conversation so we decided to go with Lou Rou Fan (braised pork served over rice) - a dish synonymous to the island besides stinky tofu and beef noodle soup of course and also cause of the comfort factor that it has to offer with the fatty cuts of pork cooked to perfection with five-spice as the main condiment. The version that they make here has a little more pepper powder for good measure and we swear that this recipe trumps any prescription for seasonal affective disorder.

We also got an order of red cooked beef short ribs based on the owners recommendation. The meat in this dish was so tender with a nice citrusy-sweet glazed soy sauce that pulled another winner on the menu. Red-cooking is an antithesis of sorts to the traditional stir fry. Instead of preparing thin cuts quickly on a hot wok, bigger marbled cuts of meat are braised in soy sauce, sugar along with spices like anise and cinnamon to yield extremely tender meat that is slightly red in color and also a thicker caramelized soy sauce. For a rough comparison, it is General Tso's on overdrive and a revelation of sorts. Definitely recommend this dish to anyone in winter.

We've never had anything from their American-Chinese menu till date but going by the flavors on their Taiwanese dishes, I'd say they have a good thing going on in the kitchen.
Meow. I kept wanting to try these mystical open from 4(pm) to 4(am) Chinese restaurant with a full bar creatures but I don't live my life like that. I'd come on Yelp! and read about people in large groups mobbing to the place after 2am when the bars have closed and I'd be green with envy. But actually I wake up super early to walk my dog and I go to bed when wheel of fortune is on (kidding,when is it on? I have no clue.) 

Anyway I came here in the afternoon just because that's basically the only time I'm awake and fully functioning. The hostess offered me a menu in Chinese because she judged (correctly) that I was Chinese. We ordered turnip cake because I've been craving it since Ocean Harbor continues to deny me the delicacy during dim sum and keeps trying to make me eat taro cake instead (GROSS!) and I had a craving. We also got a vermicelli dish (known as ants going up a tree in Chinese, why? I have no clue, gross), and a pork dish. The biggest disappointment was the pork. The menu read sauce-explosion-white-meat. I assumed pork belly slices stir fried with lots of spicy sauce (note the spicy apostrophe on the menu!) and some ginger and scallions. Instead we got breaded, fried, and sauced pork-unidentifiable-bits served with a ring of blanched broccoli. NO I'M NOT AT PANDA EXPRESS, WHAT IS THIS!

The vermicelli was just normal. It wasn't as spicy as I'd hoped, but generally the spice level corresponds with the type of restaurant. I didn't realize it would be a place that catered pretty exclusively to non-Chinese people. I thought it would be a regular Chinese hole in the wall with a full bar. I was sadly mistaken. I mean, I just want authentic Chinese served with alcohol MINUS karaoke, you know? It seems like every place in Chinatown with alcohol has to have karaoke too, that I really don't get.

Um, turnip cakes were okay. Bigger portion than I expected, but it didn't have right fillings (dried shrimp, sausage bits), and I actually like it when I can kind of taste shreds of turnip in the mix rather than just a dough-y, flour-heavy mix bordering on mashed potatoes consistency.

The male waiter was really adorable and made comments like I'm the boss because I got to order and choose condiments. I can see how that would weird some people out and/or others would find it flattering but it was just awkward for me. I mean I don't mind it any more than minding just having to exist with other people, but it certainly was a little different.

I had a pina colada. Meh.

I don't think I'll come back until I've tried all the other Chinese places with full bars and then only if this was the best of the bunch. In that case I would be disappointed and settling, but I guess not really surprised. The idea of BYOBs still takes getting used to, I think, is the main problem here. I mean I have to procure alcohol, sometimes a cab, sometimes cash, and THEN so I can have some noodles?! Come on!
This is my go to spot in Chinatown to buy take-out beer.  Sadly though, of all the times I've been here I must admit I've never eaten at Ho Sai Gai.  Not even take-out food.  Upon reflection, I think I owe it to them for all the great and pleasant beer service.

They recently just raised their beer prices by 50 cents.  A six of Yuengling Lager bottles is now $9.50.  Other choices include... St. Pauli Girl, Kirin, Miller Lite cans, a couple brands of 40's, and others I forget.  Nothing spectacular in terms of variety... but it is the cheapest take-out beer I've found in Chinatown.  Plus it's always a chuckle to see kids come in and be all nervous about buying beer.

I like to come here because the main guy is so nice to me.  He even remembers what kind of beer I usually get -- and is ever so prompt retrieving it with a smile.  Plus, the awards on the walls are great -- e.g. Best of City 1982, etc.  What's more, it has the vibe I love in Chinese restaurants tucked away in Chinatowns all over.... kind of dingy, a bit rundown, with years and years of wear and tear.  You can see the whole experience in its walls.

Anybody know what's upstairs?
You are in Chinatown and it's late in the evening. You pull up your Yelp app to see what's still open for eats. Look no further before heading to Ho Sai Gai Restaurat. 

So this review is based on a late night experience, but good is good. I trusted my gut and went with the beef fried rice. It was on the best beef fried rice dishes I've ever had. The beef had plenty of flavor and was tender. The fried rice epitomized what fried rice should be. 

We popped in for take-out and didn't have to wait all too long either. 

If I liked them late, I bet I'll like them at normal hours. Can't wait to explore their menu.
One of a handful of places that stay open late at night. It was Chinese New Year's eve and the streets were packed with people watching the lions and the firecrackers. We were lucky to be seated immediately. Despite it being an extremely busy night, surprisingly the food came out reasonably quickly. Only one of our dishes came out very late. Since we eat family style, it didn't really matter, but we were full by the time the last dish came out. My two favorite dishes were the spicy beef noodle soup and the braised short ribs. All the other dishes were average at best. 

Considering how busy it was, the waiter and waitress maintained a good attitude.
Post Union Transfer show, my boyfriend and I were a bit tipsy and STARVING at 11 PM. We decided to make our way to Chinatown hoping to find something that would still be open. 

This just happened to be the closest restaurant we found with their "open" sign still lit. And omg--what a friggin find! 

I ordered the sweet and sour soup (vegetarian) with a veggie spring roll. My boyfriend ordered sesame chicken, which came with rice, his choice of soup and an egg roll. Not realizing the size of the portions, we ordered veggie dumplings to split as well. SO MUCH FOOD but all so worth it. Also, a whole section dedicated to vegetarian food so vegetarians: come check it out! 

They also provide free hot tea and crackers with duck sauce--can't complain about that.

Overall, great food, huge portions, decent price, very clean, free tea and the sweetest server ever--we'll definitely add this place to our list of rotations!
Tonight we found ourselves in Chinatown and after checking a dozen restaurants in a block radius, we landed on Ho Sai Gai.

It was pretty empty when we got there around 7, but filled up quickly soon after we were seated. It's definitely a minimal, no frills type place, but it kind of works. 

Feeling adventurous, we ordered the Honey Coconut Pineapple Chicken as well as our traditional meal of steamed Chicken in Broccoli in case the honey proved too sweet. In this case our gamble paid off, the honey coconut chicken was tasty as well as moist and most of the other platter was left untouched. Our chicken egg drop soup was delicious as well, although it may not look it; take it from me, appearances are deceiving in this case. It was delicious!

I also ordered a pina colada to compliment my meal, an option that is rare in most chinatown restaurants; the best part was that it only cost $4.50 and was huge!

The staff was not only attentive, but were mingling with the guests at all the tables. Cathy in particular was a pleasure to talk to. She even pointed out some nearby spots to hit up on the way out!
How to write a review of a place I've been coming to for 30 years? I've hesitated so as not to appear biased but I felt I should.
For starters: My hip 21 year old loves it here. She comes here with friends and asks me to take her too. 
The menu is huge and varied. I've never had a bad meal. 
HSG has a bar which is good.
Its family owned and they take their roles as caretakers of the dynasty seriously.
Agree with Neil S in that it's really cool to ask for suggestions of the staff. I've never been steered wrong.
Walked in here in Early March on a date and they remembered me and said hello.
Came in the next week with a friend and they remembered me and asked about my daughter. The point being is they remember you and that carries weight with me because that enables them to know you enough to know what you like. 

Service is attentive without being overbearing.  And it's good for groups.Worth the drive from the burbs or elswhere.
Three words.  Lu Rou Fan!

Generally speaking Lu Rou Fan is gravy dish made with Braised Pork Belly with Shiitakes Mushrooms over rice.  Most versions include a hard boiled egg which Ho Sai Gai does as well, they also include a whole egg as well as chopped egg in the gravy.  The braised pork in the dish has got so much natural pork flavor which flavors everything in the dish especially the rice.  The shitakes and the rice benefit from this awesome pork gravy that smothers everything it comes in contact with.  It's a great one dish meal.  

A friend clued me in on the dish here and since then, from time to time, I'll drop in and get an order to go.  I've only come here to grab this one dish so I can't review anything else about Ho Sai Gai but this dish, yeah, it's really good.
Ho Sai Gai is a resurrected restaurant in Chinatown that was cl!!osed because of a fire years ago. Now it's a new, beautiful but small spot.
 I went there a couple of nights ago and I was the only person there. I should've taken the head and ate elsewhere but us Yelpers are a curious breed.
 My server was fast and friendly and I ordered one of my favorite appetizers called Scallion Pancakes while I looked over the entrees. It was one of the most strangest Chinese menu I ever saw. It had items like chicken and broccoli with Strawberries. Or chicken and mushrooms with pineapple and coconut or chicken and vegetables with mango. strawberries and chinese food?
 I settled for roast pork in a Hunan garlic sauce. By that time my Scallion. pancakes came out. A rather large portion of crispy, delicious, perfectly cooked Pancakes arrived. I really enjoyed them. I can't say the same however for my entrée.
 It was filled with a lot of " junkie vegetable" you know like baby corn, broccoli, bamboo shoots, bell peppers, mushrooms, onions, everything but what I ordered. The Roast Pork part of the order was skimpy indeed. They seem to cater to a certain type of crowd, The kind of people who don't like authentic Chinese food.
Please read my previous review. My daughter is now 27, still asking to go here with me and now she also goes with friends. Wonderful family place.
From start to finish it was a great experience - highly recommend this spot!

Decided to hit the city early to catch a bite to eat before going to see a show at the Trocadero on Halloween night.

Yelp lead us to Ho Sai Gai Restaurant - set on the corner.
We were greeted friendly and sat promptly.
It was pretty busy, only 2 tables left empty which were quickly filled by a party of 6.

I was worried about service, I've never received amazing friendly service in chinese restaurants and figured it would be much the same - boy was I wrong.  Our server was the sweetest woman in the world, as well as the manager? of the establishment.

We were presented with an oversized martini glass of fried wontons - I thought it was fun!  They tasted crisp and fresh thankfully.  We ordered combination dinners - myself going with the orange beef and my mister going for the lo mein combo.  Both served with soup, fried rice, and an egg roll.  Wonton and hot and sour soup were our choices.

The soup came quick, pipping hot and steaming.  The hot and sour soup was thickened, alil too thick for my preference but the taste was really good, the veggies crisp and bean curd had a nice firmness.  The wonton soup broth was on the salty side, but still good.

Our food came very quickly, before we could finish our soup.  The veggies looked so crisp and fresh in my boyfriends lomein - I had a twinge of jealousy and regret not ordering something with vegetables but one bite of my orange beef calmed me.  The orange beef was tender, crispy, and packed an orange flavor.  I really enjoyed it and ate as much as I possibly could!  The fried rice was flavorful, love that it wasn't that horrible yellow rice.  My bf enjoyed his lo mein (giving me most of the veggies in it, haha) and the egg rolls were def house made, with perfectly crispy outside and tender innards.  

Our water glasses were always filled, our hot tea always replenished.
The service was great, attentive and friendly.
Atmosphere relaxed, casual, Chinese decor.
The bathroom was the CLEANEST bathroom I've ever been in for a chinatown establishment.  

My bf and I got mistaken for another couple that used to come in often - the manager? commented, thought we were them but we were not.  However, we said they'd see more of us and we can be the new replacement couple!  It was a friendly little conversation, and showed us that the employees/management did their best to remember their patrons.

Def give this spot a try, we will be regulars for sure!
I popped in for lunch during a conference at the convention center. This is a convenient location and the interior is clean. The restaurant is a narrow place filled with rectangular tables and Chinese decor. 

When we sat down, the server poured us black tea, brought us ice water and brought us those deep fried won ton skins with dipping sauces. The crispy won ton skins tasted fresh! For lunch there are many choices for combination plates. I enjoyed a chicken dish made with white meat. It was delicious. There was plenty of food so you're not left wanting more. All of our food was great and a quick eat. Our server was efficient so we were able to get in and out for lunch without delay.
Best Chinese food in the city for sure, I especially love the hot and sour soup. The service is absolutely top notch, the same waiter and waitress are there virtually 24/7 but this really makes it run even smoother. I truly get the vibe that they both have taken emotional ownership of the place and it really shows. 

Check out Ho Sai Gai, it is always a safe bet,  and they are open till 1am (possibly 2:00am but call first).
Very salty, and too much like Chinese takeout.

I came in here because of wanting to try a new place. The scallion pancake was thick and greasy, unlike the normal flakey, light layers of yumminess. The crispy pork chop seems like it was cooked forever to the point of inedible dryness. The beef chow fun was pretty good, but was a tad salty. 
 
Great service though.
This is my go-to restaurant in Chinatown. It's not because the food is particularly tasty, but because the service is awesome. I think all Philly Chinatown restaurants are pretty crappy, so being the best of the lot doesn't mean much. Nevertheless, I always enjoy my visits there. 

As you see from all these reviews, everybody loves Cathy. She is overly-friendly and effortlessly hilarious. If I order something she disapproves of, she will simply reject it and order for me. This has happened on many occasions.

If you're in the area and are craving some Chinese, you should pop in there and say hi to Cathy!
I ordered take-out due to the whole COVID restriction. My family and I just arrived at our hotel nearby and were hungry from our long trip. The only restaurant decently open was this so we decided to order. 

We ordered our usual Chinese dishes. We got the crispy chow mein, orange chicken, beef soup and their combination fried rice which all came out to $66. I personally think the prices are a bit steep for the amount of food they gave. The sauce for the crispy noodles weren't enough. The orange chicken was pretty good. The beef noodles were decent. And fried rice was well... you can't mess that up. 

The service was great however! Lady said the little wonton noodle toppers that are usually placed on top of congee were on the house, LOL. I MEAN... thanks? There was no other purpose but to eat them like a snack I guess. 

Parking's on a narrow, crowded street. Be careful for other cars passing by or you can say goodbye to your side mirror!
I feel awful giving such a low review of this business. We visited during a very busy evening since it was Chinese New Year, however, the service wasn't the issue.

Despite that the small restaurant was packed, the two servers really kept up with the pace. I watched one table leave because they weren't attended to but I noticed all other tables received their food pretty quickly, including my table.

It seemed that the restaurant had "regulars" who looked to be like young, maybe college aged, patrons who seemed very happy to be there (they also sell alcohol and you can take it to go). They even knew the waitress by name.

To be honest, I noticed that I was a minority of the patrons, our group being the only Asian group in the room. After tasting the food, I figured out that the food was not very authentic but perhaps catered to a more western palate.

We ordered the following:

Crab rangoons: these were the strangest crab rangoons I've ever had. They were not fried well, the skin was not crispy but kind of soft. The filling didn't seem to resemble cream cheese but a chopped up mixture of some sort that I couldn't figure out was vegetables or meat or both...Just not sure.

Ho fun roast pork noodle soup: tasted like American chicken noodle soup broth with three tiny little pieces of roast pork and tiny bit of vegetables. Not satisfying at all.

Mei fun chicken noodle soup: I didn't taste this one at the table but our other group members didn't seem to enjoy it much.

Hot beef noodle soup: this one was my favorite and tasted closest to an authentic Asian dish. This is the only item I'd truly recommend.

Hot short ribs with "Chinese broccoli": the dish was a $23 dollar dish which I expected to be good. To be honest, the beef itself wasn't bad, it was tender but the sauce tasted very American, like a peppered beef gravy rather than a black bean Asian sauce which is what it first looked like. The other issue was that the menu described it to be served with Chinese broccoli but it came out with just a tiny bit of bok choy. When I asked the waitress she shrugged it off as "they ran out" of the other vegetable. When I ordered it I was specific to ask about the chinese broccoli and, before substituting it, I feel she should have let us know.

The waiter and waitress were certainly hustling, given the craziness of the crowd from new years. But the food certainly was not authentic nor very good for any standard. If you are hungry, drunk, and it's 2am, then I understand. But given the delicious restaurants a skip away from this location, I certainly wouldn't recommend it.
My friends and I were going to some Dip Sum place down the block but the line was so crazy long that we decided to just start walking and find somewhere else.  We stumbled past Ho Sai Gai and my friend Nicole suggested we go there for no other reason probably than that it had a good name and no one wanted to walk anymore.  When we arrived the place was empty save one couple and I remember thinking, "This poor business...so much competition in the area.  They are probably barely hanging on."  The waitress was very friendly and had a great sense of humor.  My friend I decided to try the Strawberry Chicken and the Honey Coconut Sweet and Sour Chicken because neither of us had ever heard of either such options and wanted to give it a go.  Our vegan friend got a tofu dish and some vegetable tempura.  We were delighted by the oversized martini glass full of complimentary crispy fried noodles.  We were then even more delighted by the extremely reasonably priced drink menu.  I got a frozen pina colada for $5 with fresh fruit in it.  The food came out very quickly.  Everything was very tasty, although my friend and I agreed that the strawberry chicken was just a little too weird for us.  It's not that it tasted bad it's just that my mind does not know how to process strawberry and chicken together.  The only downside is that this place was a little bit on the pricey side but overall I had a really positive experience here.

AND by the time we left the place was absolutely packed.  So much for it "barely hanging on!"  :)
I had the broccoli with spicy garlic and also the sauteed squid with veggies. It was delicious. Not too oily which is often the case in Chinese restaurants. A very nice waiter too - he looked very dignified, like a professor.
Not the best Chinese food, but cheap and convenient.  Service is good.  I had to give them 3-stars because they worked really hard to make sure our experience at their restaurant was a good one.
Stopped by here for a quick bite prior to attending a concert at the Troc. 

Why is this place so dark and dingy? And what is with all the creepy patrons that come here? 

I agree the food is really cheap, but that's probably because there's nothing all that great here. Therefore, they have to have to cut prices. The food was bland and very greasy. I'm don't think this will be a place that I will be frequenting.
This is the same Ho Sai Gai that used the be the red building with huge letters that I remember from when I was a tiny little kid, but now they've moved and spruced up the whole place.  Now it's very modern and clean and they just re-opened recently.  

Boyfriend and I went here for the first time on Friday night.  We weren't planning to go here but we were just wandering around wondering where we should eat before we head out for drinks and we came across this place.  It was pretty empty around 9pm but the service was quite friendly and accomodating.  Apparently they've been in business over 45 years and the staff is very very friendly.  They go out of their way to make you feel welcome and are quick to customize any food to suit your taste.  

The owners are from Taiwan, so I suggested to my boyfriend that he should maybe try their version of the beef noodle soup (which TW is famous for).  He's a huge fan of Pho but it's very different from Pho.  The broth is not clear and light like Pho soup, but rather dark and very boldly flavored.  The meat is not cut into thin slices like in pho but chunky, big pieces.  He had them put a bit of baby bok choy in there and he said that it was one of the best beef-noodle soups he's had.

The manager suggested to me a customized, vegetarian version of their ma-pow tofu.  Not bad.  I would have preferred a firmer tofu rather than the silken one they used, but all in all, not bad at all.

Bill was low, service was friendly and fast, and they will customize your food.  Great place.
Customer Service: 5 stars: came in around 1150pm was seated immediately. The older gentleman was very friendly and engaging.

Food: 2 stars: the food was more salty than what im used to. Like salty to the point i had to pop a blood pressure pill and water pill, im so not joking. The hot and sour soup was gelatinous **gags** i could only take so much of that. Ive had hot and sour soup many places but not quite like this. I think they use more constarch than broth to strech the soup out. Very cheap move **tsk tsk** the food was ok but not all that. It was better than Chinese food in the south but to northern standards it wasnt all that compared to what ive eaten in nyc or boston. Overall its decent if you need late night eats but..... in the morning you will be blowing out! Lol drink lots of water eating this food. The steamed dumplings were decent. 

Cleanliness: 4 stars: a dated Chinese restaurant but overall clean. 

Price point: 4 stars: the prices are fair. 

Overall: it was decent but i probably wouldn't come back. I wouldn't recommend it unless its super late, you dont want to spend  a lot of money, and you want a short walk to dine from your hotel.
Ho Sai Gai was the first place I ever had Chinese food - as amazing as it might sound I did not have Chinese food until I left home for college.  Over the next four years (ok ... who am I kidding ... 5 1/2 years) I often came here to get my Chinese food fix.  Being open until 3am on Friday and Saturday allowed for quite a few late night egg roll runs.

Fast forward 25 years and I decided to give the old place a try when I found myself in Chinatown.  

The service was average and I found it interesting how the staff greeted customers from the back of the restaurant.  Our Chow Fun Pork soup was good, but a little on the bland side.  The fried rice and egg roll was also tasty, but not amazing.  The General Tso chicken, however, was just as I remember and the best GTC I have ever had.  Crunchy and perfectly balanced between sweet and spicy.
Best service I've experienced in not just Chinatown, but in the country.

I got the avocado puffs and fried vegetarian dumplings. My friends got hunan chicken and wings -- serving size was huge.



10/10 will go again.
"Good World" it's called. And it definitely is if you get the Taiwanese beef noodles. Unfortunately, it's only shown on the chinese menu (not the English menu, and yes they are different). My friend who came from Taipei even said it reminds her of home so that's gotta mean something, although she did not have very high expectations at all walking into the place. 

Also, the lady that was working there is super nice and provided great service which doesn't usually happen at chinese places so that was definitely refreshing (like the water that refilled by itself).
Ho Sai Gai is a Chinese restaurant in the heart of Chinatown.  I believe it's on the newer side, maybe in the past 5 years or so, as I seem to recall something else used to occupy that space.  The menu is extensive, as you might expect, and has most of the traditional "American" Chinese options, as some more authentic versions as well.  The service was good, and the food was delivered in a timely manner.  I went in the late afternoon, and the place was not busy at all.  I had a wonton soup (you can choose chicken or pork) with pork, shrimp roll, and shrimp with lobster sauce.  The soup was delicate and well prepared, and was not overly soy-sauce laden.  The shrimp roll was nice, with quite a bit of shrimp in it...maybe just a bit overcooked and a bit more greasy than I'd like, but certainly not bad by any measure.  The shrimp with lobster sauce was one of the best variations on this dish that I've had; nicely cooked, plenty of shrimp and ground pork, and a very delicately flavored sauce.  

Overall, a solid performer in Chinatown with good service and food quality that's above average.
I remember Ho Sai Gai when I was little kid! I didn't remember what the food tasted like, but after i found out that they were remodeling the new location, i wanted to check it out. 

I went with my friend for a quick dinner before catching a movie. They really need a neon OPEN sign, because the entrance is a bit dark and windows are high, so you can't really see if its open, packed, or anything else inside until you actually enter the restaurant. 

once you enter, the place is BRAND NEW! you can smell the newness! (carpet mainly). i like the decor as it is different than you're regular Chinatown establishments. the tables are corian i believe, which makes it feel less discount chinese food (acrylic tables) and something unique in Chinatown Philadelphia. 

We were the only one's in the restaurant (which is totally fine). The menu was a bit of shock. I was expecting "authentic" chinese food (LOL)...but the menu was just plastered with the typical Chinese Take Out items as well as everything in English. Right then and there, it dawned on me that it was competing against David's Mai Lai Wah (across the street) for the same 2am crowd (after bars and clubs let out). 

Extensive menus, prices varied drastically IMO. 

We didn't order much 2 dishes with rice, family style. Boneless fried Chicken with stir fried vegetables and Jumbo shrimp with ginger and scallions. Both were really tasty. Not overly salty, not bland. Good bold flavors you'd expect from Chinese food.

i haven't tried any of their noodle soups yet, or duck..but if anyone is looking for a place to eat after clubbing and bar hopping, i'd recommend this place over Mai Lai Wah.
Located right in chinatown, this is a good and solid choice for casual chinese. Overall, it didn't blow me away, but I did enjoy the food, the atmosphere and the company I was with! :) 

To start, the restaurant is TINY. Like, squeeze yourself into your seat tiny. While this isn't a bad thing by itself, I was a bit worried my 6'2 bf would not be able to slide into our table! The reason for this is that the restaurant really crams in as many tables as possible. Second, the waitstaff is crazy! They were running around like mad people trying to serve everybody quickly. The good was that they did not actually rush us at all, and the great was that it was pretty entertaining! 

The food was pretty good. We randomly chose this restaurant because it was next to our parking spot. :) Sorry yelp, I was too hungry to use your knowledge! I felt good about our choice, but I'm pretty sure there is much better in the neighborhood. The reason why I say this? Because I actually can't remember what we ordered! So I think that says a lot. What's pretty cool about this place is that they serve liquor. And by liquor, I mean cheap liquor. I got very decently buzzed for about 10 bucks! 

While I look forward to trying out other cool places in the area, I did hear that Ho Sai Gai is open really late.. so you may see me buzzed here again!
Nice noodle, accept cards
The smell of food can get into your clothes, since they dun have really good ventilation for the kitchen I think
I finally did try the newly revamped Ho Sai Gai (previously a salty, MSG laden place of my youth). But I'm sure that it is much different now. Was talked into getting take out by a sensitive stomach friend who was paying, telling me "it's very good!" Meh. There is a reason that I stopped eating Chinese food 10 years ago.
I grew up in Hong Kong, so I know what Chinese food is. They use good quality ingredients and the food tastes great and makes me feel home.
I gotta go with 5 stars here, since we end up eating here so often, and never once have we been let down by anything on the menu. The restaurant is always clean and the staff is always friendly as well. Last time we were in we were so surprised that they had Kang Kung !!! Love that stuff !!!! Last time we were at Ho Sai Gai we ordered shrimp and scallop in a garlic sauce which was awesome  !!! along with Beef and broccoli. In the past we have ordered sweet sour chicken, fried fish in a sweet sour sauce which might be a fav of mine !!! All of the low miens are delicious too. They do great fried rice and have outstanding dumplings as well. Next time i really want to see if i can order more foods that arent on the menu....I'm certain they have more authentic offerings that we would love to try....I feel like getting the Kang Kung was a minor victory for us haha
We were craving Asian food and we're going to Chinatown to try to get Penang, but they were so crazy busy during this pandemic we couldn't get through to them. We wandered around and found this place and decided to try them out. We weren't disappointed! We got their lulu rice (lu rou fan), mapo tofu, and string beans, eggplant, and tofu. Would order everything again!
We are in the middle of the pandemic. There are a lot of restaurants closed and I had a craving for Chinese cuisine. I just drove around and stumbled upon this place. I called the place and ordered over phone and waited. The lady was doing a good job of politely delegating social distancing, encouraging customers to stay away from each other. Once again, we are in hard times and she was polite. 
Anyway, I ordered the basics, spicy general gso's and mild sesame chicken. The General Gso's wasn't very spicy but everything had a good flavor. Fried crab Rangoon had a unique spin, but I liked it. You either love it or hate it, I would get it again. It was better the next day when I reheated them. Shrimp rolls & pork rolls couldn't have been better. They were bigger than the average takeout spot. Pork fried rice was ok but something was unusual with the darker color. Maybe a seasoning. I would Order everything again. As a matter of fact, I probably will within the week.
Ok, so sometimes you can go back in time & rediscover that your memories were all true.  My first visit to this Philadelphia Chinatown icon was in the late 1970's when it was the go-to location when my co-workers & I went out to eat, which means this beautiful corner establishment is awash in memories for me.

And, the waitress has been serving diners for more than 35 years so just perhaps back in the past according to one of my dining partners she may have waited on me when we were both so much younger.  I have a sneaky feeling that she was just as caring, helpful, & smiling the same pretty smile back then too.  

I will admit that nostalgia pushed the potential yet nonexistent 3 1/2 stars into the fourth star for me (I really was hoping to walk away with gongs sounding saying that I again had found five star perfection but that just wasn't the case.).  The challenge for well established restaurants located in a "Chinatown" setting is to be creative with their menu's and especially in a city filled with tourists to go beyond the extensive everyday menu's of almost every Chinese corner location in America.

So, one in our group said "everything looked the same.  The restaurant has not paid attention to creating an exciting dining area." There were questions asking me if the Red Buddha at the door had been there 40 years ago and I am pretty sure he had been.  In fact, other than being sparkling clean and bright there was nothing to note about the interior other than the one annoying television locked into an upper wall location (I always scream that "ethnic-oriented" restaurants should play music that takes diners' minds to the locations where the menu items would be enjoyed daily.  Listening to Philadelphia television news just wasn't my kind of out to eat acoustical comfort melodies.).

Back to the menu since that matters.  There are numerous options with some very appealing soups for two but the group I was with were into the 'dinner combination' thing and that's what we went for.  We truly appreciated that the waitress instantly transformed one of the party's meal choices from a stand alone to a combination even though it was not one of the listed combination choices; this provided the diner with soup and an egg roll.

The famous and traditional large 'margarita' glass filled with fried noodles arrived at the table.  One in our group said it was "like eating good peanuts" as she devoured handful after handful.  I found the 'duck sauce' on the bland side but others disagreed but after adding the mustard, which another YELP review had suggested, I was happy and crunched along with the group.

Soups arrived quickly and this soup lover was very happy with the silky slightly sweet version of Hot and Sour soup that was placed before me.  The texture was comforting and the ingredients had all who had picked hot and sour smiling away.  Comments about the soup continued even after crossing the bridge into the NJ.   The Wonton soup diners enjoyed theirs but I sensed a tinge of jealousy over our choice.

Since we were all Dinner combinations that meant everyone received an egg roll and fried rice with our chosen entrees. There was more than enough to eat.

EGG ROLLS were surprisingly good.  I am not a fan of these and usually avoid combination dinners with egg rolls because they usually represent the bottom tray of egg rolls in the kitchen however my egg roll's stuffing was very tasty and I slowed to savor it.  The wrapping had been fried perfectly without the all too often discovered hint of overused oil.  I looked around ... every egg roll vanished from the plates.

Here's my problem with the fried rice.  It was dark in tone and probably too much soy sauce.  Not as eggy as most (I am not a big fan of the eggy fried rice.) but I want color and brightness.  This was the kitchen's opportunity to really make the plate colorful with some fresh diced red or green peppers or some visible onions each plate had this dark side of the plate but the garlic was a nice added touch making it taste good.  No one apparently objected to eating with the "dark side" because all the rice vanished too.

My beef with scallions was very tasty but ... yea, yea ... there was one of the those carefully positioned red stars indicating heat in the dish.  I chose it because I like spicy done well.  My dish was as mild as mild can be but I decided to consume it because it was good.  After I was wondering ... would this have been excellent if there was heat?  I think yes but not some heat added afterwards but during the cooking process.

Finally, one of the group who was disappointed after because they had hoped to find some really special dinner choice that would be presented in a very special manner indicative of the chef's skills.  There were no specials at all just the menu items, which may have been the menu items 40 years ago when I first went there because their menu represents what the average American expects. Good food not great!
My boyfriend and I were visiting from out of town for a weekend getaway, and after having gone to a basketball game, we were looking for something a little more substantial than arena food, and also wanted to be able to grab a drink or two. We were staying at the Sheraton Philadelphia Downtown hotel, and after looking on Yelp for late night food suggestions, this appeared to be the best place for an actual meal, and I was impressed by the fact that it said this place had a full bar as far as drinks were concerned. It was about a 10-15 minute walk from our hotel, and I was extremely impressed with both the service and food we received at such a late hour (we sat down a little after midnight). This place is listed as being open until 4am, which is totally crazy to me, but also totally awesome if you're on vacation and want a late night dinner.

My boyfriend had a mai tai and I ordered a strawberry daiquiri, and both drinks were well made and weren't either too weak or too strong, they were perfectly mixed. For dinner I had an order of the steamed dumplings, as well as the shrimp chow fun, and my boyfriend had the orange chicken and the white rice. He inhaled the chicken, so I know he enjoyed it, and the bite I tried was well cooked and very tasty. My dumplings were terrific, as the dough was neither too thin nor too thick, and the filling was very tasty, with not just the usual pork mixture you find at most places, but they added mushrooms and other vegetables, which I found to be a nice touch. The chow fun was delicious, with the shrimp being perfectly cooked, everything well seasoned, and the noodles were well sauced. Chow fun is one of my favorite noodle dishes, but so many places under sauce the noodles and they end up all stuck together and gummy, but this place really hit it out of the park with the perfect amount of moisture on the noodles. 

Service was terrific, as the people working were very friendly, and checked on us multiple times in order to make sure our meal was okay, as well as making sure to frequently refill our waters. The gentleman who waited on us was very nice and made conversation with us about our trip. Over all very impressed with this place, and I would definitely return for a late night bite if I were ever in Philly again.
Best general tso chicken I have ever had!! We were the only 2 people here at an odd hour and the owners couldn't have been more friendly, asking questions, suggesting sites to see and offering to take a picture if us.  It was a very pleasant, delicious meal.
Ho Sai Gai is a no thrills chinese restaurant in the heart of China town. The food is better than your run-of-the-mill chinese restaurant on the corner of North Philly, but is not mind blowing by any means. 

We ordered scallion beef, sweet and sour chicken, chicken egg drop soup, and chicken curry puffs. Everything was fairly standard but well prepared. The curry chicken puffs were a nice appetizer alternative to crab rangoon, egg rolls, and dumplings. They aren't insane but are worth trying. 

The service here is actually great. They are very kind and attentive which is sometimes a rare occurrence in Chinatown. All in all I wasn't upset with my experience here but the food just left something to be desired.
A late night revisit to Ho Sai Gai was long overdue, and this place is as awesome as ever. Immediately upon being seated, enjoy some of HSG's restorative, hot tea while perusing the extensive menu for some notion of what you like. But don't get too committed to your initial choices. Rather, let Chin, HSG's hilarious and affable head waiter, select something he thinks you're going to dig. He's never steered anyone I've dined with wrong with his recommendations. Recent picks by him that I've found tasty have included kai-lan with ginger and oyster sauce, shredded Sichuan beef, beef with hot peppers, and Hunan chicken wings.

HSG's well-executed Chinese fare is a buck or two pricier than at other similar joints. That being said, the quality of those dishes, the speed at which they arrive to the table, and, most notably, the service should make this your primary destination for super late night (it closes at 4am) eats in Philly. Avoid the boorish crowds that flock to David's after imbibing (they know not what they do), and head across the street for some nice conversation, hot tea, and awesome food courtesy of the friendly folks at HSG. Five stars may seem a stretch for an ostensibly run-of-the-mill Chinese joint, but the hours and service separate it from the pack.
Amazing food and service!! Went here for late night and the owner made some awesome recommendations that weren't on the menu. Loved the spicy beef noodle soup and the Vietnamese pork street food dish! We will definitely be back!!
open late at night, last order is at 3:30am for small parties, and the couple that serves you, makes sure to wish you goodbye.. 
the food is good even if you arent drunk, the hot tea feels blissful.
a very good spot to go at later hours of the night. 
definitely a fan of this place.. and others like this
They say "don't judge a book by its cover." The design of the place is spectacular, but the food didn't match. The food was overpriced, and the waitress took forever to take my order. You couldn't even pay me to eat here.
Ho Sai Gai is a great late nite Chinese spot wit great drinks and cheap food. It's really chill and you can even BYOB. The food is delicious and not expensive and the drinks are potent. Next time you visit enjoy yourself a Ho Sai Gai Fantasy!!!
We were standing on the corner in Chinatown trying to decide on a restaurant. A local couple stopped and asked if they could help. They recommended this place. She said the wonton soup is the best. It was! Real soup broth with a potsticker and some meat slices floating around. It was delicious!! Place is clean, well kept wth great food and good prices. Eat here.
The food is ok, nothing special, a bit expensive. However the service was disappointing, when noticing they charged for a thing we had not asked for. There wasn't even a chance to discuss the problem or provide a solution. 
If you are a tourist keep in mind in this place there are no gifts, all will be charged even if you do not asked for.
A hidden little treasure!  Authentic Chinese food with a full bar!!  What???  I had dinner here with a very large party of 10.  They accommodated us and was so friendly to all of us.  The service was great... quick and always there when you needed them.  Without hesitation, they accommodated the vegetarians, gluten allergy, etc needs for our group.  They are also so reasonable priced.  I will definitely be back.
What can I say? A china town icon. Been going there for about 17 years! They make you what you want you get excellent service, food tastes great and it feels like home.
The staff are so amazingly friendly. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
Best food ever!
This is not american Chinese, unless you order it that way (shame on you)
So clean you could skip the 5 second rule.
Staff is incredible! Like everyone says, it's like eating at you aunt Cathy's house!
Treat yourself! Do not miss out!
My s/o and I always go to Chinatown and wanted to go somewhere different. We came in and there wasn't anyone at the front, had to wait a minute or two but a friendly older waiter came to greet us and show us to our seats. We realized he was the only server and person managing the floor. He was very humble and accommodating, a great example of someone who has plenty experience in serving. 

We ordered the Crab Rangoons, Honey Walnut Shrimp, and Crispy Orange Chicken. This is definitely more catered to western tastes (as were our choices anyway), but this didn't deter from the quality. Crab Rangoons were crispy and didn't skimp out on filling, very delicious. Crispy Orange Chicken wasn't overpowering and definitely had a subtle citrus flavor. The Honey Walnut Shrimp was huge! It only came with five but they weren't lying when they said "Jumbo" Shrimp. Definitely more than enough for one person, with the perfectly heavy sauce. The crunch--it made me pause for a second from how amazingly crisp it was. Even my s/o noticed just from hearing it and he did the same once I gave him a bite. Jesus these were good. 

Overall, even though it was actually pretty pricier than expected seeing how it's Chinatown ($55+ for those two entrees and one appetizer, including tip) it's definitely very good quality in the food and the service! Would recommend.
We had totally awesome mango beef here a while ago, but only just got around to dining in and trying a few other dishes. 

Cathy was our best friend as soon as we sat down. She was convinced that she'd seen my boyfriend (not me) there before, which could have turned hairy, but I just assume that my domestic partner is smart enough to not take his girlfriend and his mistress to the same restaurant. Cathy asked him if we were married, which was also all kinds of priceless awkward. I don't know what she was saying while she adoringly pinched my boyfriend's goatee, but holy wow, she pinched my boyfriend's goatee! Even I don't get to do that.

We weren't planning to drink, but the underpriced cocktails were only a dollar more than the overpriced sodas, which is as good a reason as any in my book. The boyfriend had a Manhattan and I had my first ever Pink Squirrel. They were both on the small side, but worth the money. The complimentary tea was too smoky for my liking.

Somehow we managed to order most of what we wanted. We started with scallion pancakes, which were a bit tough but not too shabby. The mango chicken was delicious, although I remembered the mango beef more fondly. One item that was totally new to us was the strawberry chicken which, if you can believe it, smelled and tasted like a strawberry-flavored hookah. This proved to be too disconcerting for the boyfriend, and I'm not sure I'd order it again myself, but it was interesting to eat something I'd only ever inhaled. Cathy objected to our ordering mu shu pork on the grounds that it wouldn't go with the rest of our meal, so we went with her suggestion of pork and bok choy in garlic sauce and were duly impressed.

I really look forward to coming here for a second sampling of mango beef, but I'll probably leave the rest of the planning up to Cathy.
one of my late night spots. After coming up to Chinatown for for all these years, we just like to go with the flow. I found this place because it was one for the few that is opened super late without a crowd of riff raff like Davids. 
Pro: the food variety is great. you can get Chinese, Malaysian and from what i can see Taiwanese. 

Con: it could be a little cleaner. this is one of those places where they just wanna go home, or just serve you it's not as clean as say Bon Chon Or Shiao Lan Kun

Extra Tip: get the fried puffs. they are dumplings but just not as oily. Avocado or the curry chicken i would make the drive up for. definitely.
A friend and I stopped in one evening on a recommendation from a mutual friend of ours (who made it a point to mention the strawberry chicken...never seen any Chinese restaurant offer that before!), and we were both pleased.  We walked into an empty restaurant, surprised that it was that quiet for a Saturday evening.  Regardless, the staff welcomed us with open arms and seated us immediately.  I settled on the sweet and sour chicken combo platter (all the combo platters come with an egg roll, your choice of soup, and steamed white rice), my friend got the strawberry chicken combo platter, and I got to try a little, so now I know what I'll be ordering next time I'm there!  On top of that, we found it rather entertaining to listen to the staff members' commentary on the news they were watching on TV; most likely due to having so few people to serve!  Definitely consider Ho Sai Gai for a great lunch or dinner spot on your next trip to Chinatown!
It is one perfect place to get good Chinese food.
No matter where you come from. Shanghai, Hongkong, or Taipei. Their food will definitely satisfy you like any small cute restaurant with nice service and nice food.
It a perfect place to enjoy your afternoon time, a brunch, or a casual super for something new.
However, I hope the owners there are not that chatty LOL
What do I say about Ho Sai Gai.
What do I not say about Ho Sai Gai.

Has not changed since I was born. Yes born. My mother used to 
bring me here ALL the time, before the age of healthy eating.

Try the Strawberry Chicken and the birds nest dish..I think it is called Happy Couple. 

Lo mein is pretty good as well as Ta Chien Chicken.

Pardon my spelling if incorrect.
I still rub the Buddha's belly upon entering out of habit.
This is my favorite Chinese food in Philly.  Open late and everyone who works here is very friendly.  My wife and I go here often and they are always accommodating to our finicky needs.
My boyfriend and I have gone in to buy take out six packs, but decided to eat there for dinner tonight. Not only was the food AH-mazing but the service was fantastic. Cathy made a point of introducing herself to us and learning our names, particularly after we mentioned that we lived in the neighborhood. We can't wait to go back again.

HIGHLY recommend. Great food, reasonable prices, nice booze selection.
Great restaurant, great service, good food. Fresh ingredients and made to perfection. The staff was very friendly and were attentive and courteous, which most places in this area good service is not an option. The prices were relatively cheap. The restaurant is very clean and the bathrooms are very nicely kept. Again, most Chinese places don't pay attention to those details. Hopefully you get the funny gentleman... He cracked us up!!
Really nice!!! I went there this past sunday late night. The place was clean and well managed. I oredered the beef and broccoli dinner combination which came with pork fried rice your choice of soup and an egg roll, plus the shrimp egg fu young (yeah I was hungry). The wonton soup was amazing, than the main dish came out. The food was amazing my dishes were great. Plus they have a full bar with good prices. I decided to get a glass of merlot. I would definetly reccomend this place and I will be returning too. The late night is definitely a plus!! Try it!!
An old restaurant that I had not been too in a long time & I would never go back. Planned on ordering lobster in ginger & scallion sauce, a usually delicious,  easy dish. The waitress recommended the sea bass. I followed her recommendation. Both fish & sauce were terrible & it was not ginger & scallion.
As someone who has lived in Taiwan for several years, I'm excited to find a genuine Taiwanese restaurant in Philly. Back in Taiwan, I lived right above a restaurant that specialized in beef noodle soup... and I was excited to try the beef noodle soup at Ho Sai Gai, which is just like what I remember :). And the most popular dish back in Taiwan, Lu ruo mian (braised pork in soy sauce) is also quite authentic. We ordered the #30 on their lunch special which came with a vegetable egg roll, fried rice and your choice of soup. The hot and sour soup we got had a lot of starch but everything was great otherwise. We like the fried noodles they have at every table and the complimentary hot tea is really nice on a cold day.
Service is awesome.  Food was delicious and recommend the sizzling rice soup for two.  My go to spot in Chinatown.
Thought maybe we choose the wrong place because when we walked in the place was empty at 7pm on a Saturday. We were pleasantly surprised. We got great service even after 5 more table walked in. The food was incredible. Fresh and delicious. There are a lot of choices in Chinatown but this one I like. Don't worry if your the only one there. It's worth it.
I love their mapo tofu! So flavorful! 
And the bathroom is clean so that's a plus in my book!
We were going to another restaurant down the street but decided to give this a try.  Food was good and service was excellent.  Place was relatively clean but I have to say we were a little hesitant in the beginning after seeing only a handful of patrons in the dining area.  However, more people started filing in after we sat down and the place was quickly filling up by 9PM.  We ordered a few Cantonese dishes and they didn't disappoint.  Wait staff was very attentive (not always the case in Chinatown) and helpful.  Would come here again.
Came here late night while visiting Philly. The food was delicious! The hunan wings were amazing! Killer sauce!! Loved the chicken egg drop soup and the fried rice had a unique nutty flavor. Very friendly hostess.
Why have I waited so long to try this place?  In the past, I'd always gone to David's across the street...but I'm mad at myself for not coming to Ho Sai Gai sooner.  The place is small inside, but it's clean and doesn't smell strong of restaurant food.  Also, the server was nice, smily, and patient; plus, he kept coming back to refill my water when I was out.  I was craving crab rangoons this night, so that's why I stopped in - cuz I saw it advertised on the window.  I'll b honest - it's not the best crab rangoon I've had - it's not bad, but it's not what I'm used to.  Most crab rangoons have cream cheese and crab meat - this one was made with some kind of other cheese, like cheddar or American, and it did not have a lot of crab meat but a lot of onions.  We also tried the chicken curry puffs (pretty good), the orange duck (fried and sorta good, but next time, I will get it with sauce on the side bc it's a gloppy cornstarchy sauce that is unappetizing - however, the duck was fantastic), the crispy chicken wings (which were good bc they are nice and meaty with a lot of crunchy batter.   Oh, and to counter all the fried stuff, we got it with brown rice :) which I like that they offer.

I will definitely come back to try the other stuff on the menu, maybe we'll get non-fried stuff next time.  I really liked how friendly our waiter was - you don't see that often in Chinatown or any other Asian restaurant for that matter.
The food was authentic Cantonese Chinese food. It was inexpensive and good. They have 2 locations in Chinatown. The few times I went to Ho Sai Gai, I ordered the Hong Kong version of seafood chow mein and it was tasty each time. I believe they stayed open until 2am throughout the week. There many other good Chinese restaurants in Chinatown, but this is the only one that stays open until 2am in the morning.
Stopped in looking for just a good old fashioned Chinese restaurant. Unfortunately the food was below average. The crispy noodles were stale. The won ton soup was average at best. Very disappointed in the egg roll which was mostly vegetable and filler. The food did not settle well. We had chicken with garlic sauce and sesame shrimp. Food just wasn't fresh. Tasted like it had a lot of preservatives. Even the fortune cookies were stale.
OMG!  This place is beyond so amazing.  This is probably the best Chinese food anywhere.  This is one of those restaurants I'm glad is in Philly.  The food is so good that I could easily eat there 7 days a week.  You can taste the quality in everything they make.

I love how they give you a margarita glass filled to the brim with fried noodles. They even have on the table little glass jars of Hot Mustard and Duck Sauce. I mix a little Hot Mustard in with my Duck Sauce when I'm snacking on the fried noodles.

Everytime I'm in Philly from Orlando I just can't pass this place up.  My mother and I make it a point to come here.  Saying they have the best Chinese food anywhere is an understatement. I've had it all over the country at various restaurants and no one has come close to this restaurant's quality.

We ordered the Combination meals.  I got General Tso's chicken and I ordered the Wonton Soup with my dinner.  The soup comes out almost immediately and it is steaming fresh.  I thought I was in heaven with the Wonton soup. It is that good.  Never have I ever had such great soup.  I loved it so much I was considering ordering a full bowl of the Wonton soup.  

Then the General Tso's chicken came out and wow was I surprised at how much they give you.  That give you a giant egg roll and a big heaping helping of pork fried rice.  Then there was the General Tso's chicken.  They didn't hold back on that either. It was a lot on the plate.  I wish they had more locations. I know I'd be eating there a lot if they were here in Florida.
Really terrible experience. The waiter was so rude. No one was at the front door so we just walked into the restaurant and there were only a few customers. The waiter said we were rude because we walked into the restaurant. Seriously? We only did that normal thing as customers. But we still apologized. When we sat down, the waiter just kept saying "this is what Chinese attitude and what Chinese reaction." with very ironic tone. We already apologized with a polite attitude. So what should we do? He is indeed a racist, I believe. Also he used the ironic tone to "send-off" us. This Taiwanese style restaurant represented a deformity attitude.
Very disappointed experience. I was there at lunch time today and ordered their chef special '客家小炒。' The pork is very dry and not fresh, the celery tastes like the wood, it must be in very last stage before going to trash can. And it is very hard for me to think the dish is made by a chef or even a cook, given its "色，香，味。" The Chinese take-out in my neighborhood can make a better one and charge half the price. Generally speaking the Taiwanese restaurants are making decent dishes, that's why I chose this one today thinking I couldn't be too wrong. Well I was.
Lovely Korean owned Chinese restaurant. The dishes are better than average; however, the appetizers are amazing!
Some of the dishes even have a Chinese/Korean fusion flare twist!!
This place for me is just pure nostalgia.  Not my go to place or anything, but somehow, I like knowing it's there.  I used to go there with my dad, or with friends after shows at the Troc.  Come winter, there is nothing like freezing your butt off doing something outside, and then going into a familiar place like Ho Sai Gai, drinking deeply of their hot tea, and thawing out.  I always order their eggplant and garlic sauce.  I always leave warm, and happy.
I had some friends visiting from out of town and we decided to wander over to Chinatown. We stumbled across Ho Sai Gai and what a treat it was. The restaurant is impeccably clean and has a nice atmosphere. It reminded me of the Cantonese style restaurants of my youth. Moreover, the service was wonderful as we were greeted with a smile and warm welcome. The food was absolutely delicious. I cannot overemphasize how incredible everything was. They have been in business for 45 years and they haven't lost the importance of friendly service and good food. It's now my go to in Chinatown.
I wasn't quite ready to give it a 4 star review. I'd say 3.5 would be fair.
Last night tried the beef and scallions and shrimp and green bean dish. The verdict was that it was decent. I would probably choose Dim Sum Garden down the street over this restaurant next time though just given the fact that DSG has similar dishes with better flavor. Ho Sai Gai also seemed a little more expensive than other neighboring Chinese Restaurants for the dinner that came with soup and an egg roll. The Hot & Sour soup was excellent, but the Egg roll wasn't that great. They also start you off with the little crispies and sweet and sour sauce. Service was good and staff was nice. 

Food Quality/Taste =  3.5 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Service = 4 Stars
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 4 Stars 
Bathroom = Clean
Food was very generic. What you would assume would be more authentic style chinese food is actually chinese take out food for an over priced rate and overall NOT AUTHENTIC.
Went on a chilly Sunday night after a concert at the Trocadero. This was one of the few open restaurants at that hour. I was thrilled to be out of the cold and served hot food and tea almost instantly once we sat down. The main two workers at the time were out in the main dining area watching the Miss Universe pageant. We had a great time talking with them; honestly they were great people. The crab rangoons were DELICIOUS, but that is too be expected. The spicy garlic beef was also super yummy and served literally minutes after we ordered. Definitely a great place; I'll be sure to come back the next time I'm in the area.
Waiting to check into my hotel and this place was recommended as a good place for lunch. 

The restaurant sits right in the midst of China Town along 10th and Race Street. 

Not overly large, only 10 or so tables that I saw. Highly decorated. Clean. The server (Cathy) was outstanding. Friendly, full of humor, attentive; she is 4 or 5 stars herself. 

There are lunch specials available that come with fried rice, egg roll and soup. You also receive a big bowl of rice noodles to snack on while you wait. 

I tried the General Tso's Chicken. Decent lunch portion. Flavor was good, chicken had just a bit of fat on a few pieces that did not cut off all the way which was just slightly off putting. Overall the meal was very acceptable and the price was reasonable costing just over $11.00 with a soft drink. 

I'd definitely go again and try other things on the very extensive menu.
Absolutely amazing! The food is top notch and the service was great. I ordered the shrimp and beef fried rice with steak rolls and ate it so fast I forgot to take a picture for you all! This Resturant lives up to its great reputation and will become one of my go to spots in Chinatown.
A little pricier than others, but the Orange Chicken is amaaaaazing.... Also, they make a chicken egg drop soup, which i would give my left hand for.
Not gonna lie, I meant to order Chinese from the spot located across the street, but I couldn't think of the name and Google images led me to this place. I ordered food enough to feed five people. It's a shame I did not enjoy the food as this is located in the heart of Chinatown. Everything I ordered was bland and not flavorful. Even the fried rice wasn't good as it was dry. I had ordered a chicken and broccoli which is pretty standard and asked it to be spicy, but it was not spicy at all. The only thing I did enjoy were the egg rolls.
This place food was sooooo good omg. I was not worthy of there beef with gravy and there soup with beef was soooo goood. We loved every bite. We will definitely return.
David's Mai Lai Wah across the street was crowded and I didn't feel like waiting so I decided to come here.  Big mistake.  Upon searching the menu the food was definitely overpriced, much higher than the David's.  I ordered the cashew shrimp dish and it was the Chinese take out garbage style food and most people are accustomed to.  The other dishes are probably much better if you feel like spending $25 for a dish versus $10-15 for the same thing at Mai Lai Wah.  I would not recommend going here.  

One another note.  I guess taking my time and looking at the menu and not being Chinese means I must not know what the hell is going on.  The Chinese woman there asks me if I want a menu with pictures......  Casual racism is quite frequent among the Chinese born Chinese here in America.  I get stuff like this all the time.  They think you don't notice but at least I do.  The service was good, not the food.
One of my absolute favorite places in Chinatown. First off, BY FAR the friendliest of staffs. Every time I come in here they are so friendly and immediately make you feel at home / like family; truly something I'll gladly pay for. Next, the food is always so fresh and yummy. I enjoy their food so much too. The menu is classic, but offers so many choices. Always hot and fresh when it comes out. You can't beat their lunch specials either. A definite must try next time you're in Chinatown.
We stopped for takeout on our way home from Avalon.  This was a favorite spot for years.  The takeout food on 8/21/20 was poor.  Gloppy wilted and sometimes unidentifiable veggies in the Buddha's delight.  Overcooked fried rice.  Gloppy soupy tofu with broccoli.  Steamed dumplings had minimal filling and tasteless.  Most of the food was oily and tasteless.  Veggies did not look fresh.  The hot&sour soup was excellent and consistent with past experience.  I suspect these issues are related to the abnormal business environment due to Covid.  We were  disappointed. 
I will return to Ho Sai Gai when we can sit inside.  I have had many great meals here in the past.  Unlikely to get more takeout.
Got to try their Taiwanese minced pork rice (Lu Ro Fan) 
Wonderful and passionate server too
Recommend!!
I just got home with some basic takeout: Shrimp rolls, wonton soup and fried wontons. The shrimp rolls were nothing special at $2.75 each, only six won tons in a quart, and the fried wontons were the worst I have ever eaten...They were some kind of  small. over=fried, mystery meat , enigma. My pocket $24.00 lighter, I will never be back. Definately not the restaurant they were years ago
We were starved and I suggested we hit china town to get some traditional chinese.  It was late so we went to the four corners of 10th and  race where they are all open till 3 am. If you are used to American chinese food meaning salty as hell beef and broccoli overdone general tso burnt fried rice then by all means this is the place for you. My mouth is still ringing as I write this yelp with the amounts of salt In each dish put in front of me. What happened to fresh vegetables and piled high plates of delicious steamed foods that we can all share. This was tiny plates of salt I know instead if thinking for the memories of the food I tried I will Instead be remember the bloat of water weight I will be carrying for the next ten days. Go home and cook
We were visiting the area and my family and I wanted Chinese food.  Boy did we pick a bad place. Terrible Chinese food. My hubby spent $32 here and had to turn around and order Uber eats for us because the food from here wasn't great. We ordered chicken and broccoli, shrimp egg roll, pork egg roll, and steamed pork dumplings and nothing tasted authentic or even remotely like Chinese food. I guess I could appreciate the lack of excess salt so I'll give it 1 star.
Ho Sai Gai is our go-to place to eat while in town for Comic Con or local convention. We usually come in small groups of at least 3 or 4 and leave full and happy. The food is delicious and comes quickly, and the service is friendly and reliable.

Once seated, you're brought these addictive little crackers with a mustard sauce or duck sauce to dip them in. They also bring you water and hot tea.

I ordered the plain lo mein which came almost immediately and was delicious. My friends that were with me ordered meals including the various meats and vegetables that they serve. As usual, our food came promptly, as ordered, and tasted delicious. We will always be back to this place when in the area, even if we have to walk quite a few blocks to get there.
My new favorite restaurant, and it's in the center of philly china town. Their meat sauce rice and Taiwanese beef noodle are both yummy! Highly recommend people to try! The waiter is friendly and nice!
A solid 3 stars for food, 5 stars for service, and a plus that they accept credit cards.

When: I came on a Sunday around 11:30AM, my family was the only group that entered the restaurant, it was rather quiet and clean. 

Ambience/Service: Calming with a TV playing in the background, and a clean bathroom! Our waitress Young was such a sweetheart, coming back to our table often and offering suggestions on what to order

Food ordered: 
-Snow peas - always a great order if you're trying to add something green to your table, not overally salted/garlicky, well-balanced in flavor
-Salted fried pork chops - the pieces individually were smaller than I expected, but fun bite sizes (but had bones which can add flavor but be annoying to bite around). Well-seasoned and filling
-Rice with meat sauce - a large plate with a strong earthy flavor
-Chinese-BBQ beef fried noodles - well cooked, tender meats ordained the plate of skinny noodles

Tips/Takeaways:
-Portions are balanced with a solid taste, great customer service, quiet and more intimate compared to some of the other Asian restaurants in the area
-Clean and accepts Credit Cards
-Would recommend return every 4-6 months to mix up your Chinatown pallet for a simple, relaxing meal
Great place to get your traditional Taiwanese cuisine fix here, but I'm not too sure about Americanized-Chinese food. Per our server's recommendation, we tried out the Lu Rou Fan (Taiwanese Braised Pork rice), which I would highly recommend due to it being a savory combination of braised pork, tofu, and mushroom stew, and chose another dish of our own, the Kung Pao Chicken (not as appetizing as I have had better, but I usually use this as a taste guideline as it is both a traditional and Americanized dish.)
We were in the heart of Chinatown last weekend. My boyfriend wanted hand drawn noodles and I was  craving an egg roll and some pork lo mein. The menu was very extensive and the gentlemen who took our take out order was super nice. But really $2.79 for an egg roll? I found most of their items to be overpriced. I was underwhelmed by the food that I didn't even keep the leftovers. I think if you are going to charge more than your competitors the good should have more flavor. $33 later...for three egg rolls, beef teriyaki sticks and lo mein is a bit much when you can get most other places for $20. I likely will not be back.
