I know reviewing chains is a big no no among those trying to be too cool for school.  That said, not all of us living in Center City can afford Center City prices. 

I'm not reviewing the food, you know what that's like.  All I'm saying is that if you wanted to try this iHOP, even secretly, do it soon.    When I went in they had so many staff working that I didn't wait more than 2 seconds without getting what I wanted.  Also, it was still pretty clean.    You know how it is though, it won't be for long so hurry in.
This is such a great IHOP! I love IHOP in general, but this one is consistent in food quality and service. Amazing omelettes, and scrambles. The famous pancakes are obviously heavenly and very filling. However, keep them coming. 

I love IHOP's hash browns and coffee. You will keep the coffee refills coming as well. Extremely fresh and piping hot. 

Great customer service. I've been here many times at odd hours, and have enjoyed it consistently no matter when I've gone. I would highly recommend this location.
It took walking by this IHOP location innumerable times to finally stop in. I mostly forget it exists, but when trying to decide on a New Year's Day breakfast it somehow came to mind first. I don't know why, but I am satisfied with my brain's thought process. The meal was actually very good.

We walked in around 10:30 AM to no wait at all. It got busier within 45 minutes. We were seated in the center section in a booth and promptly given waters and coffee. I ordered the 2x2x2, which came with two pieces of bacon, two scrambled eggs with cheese, and two pancakes. The cheese was a $1 add-on but so worth it. You can order the eggs any way you like, and sausage (pork or turkey) is another option if you don't like or eat bacon.

For $15 total (tax and tip included), I'd say this was a stellar and affordable meal. It was the perfect base for a day at the parade and all that comes along with that.

Our server was super friendly (and festive with 2017 light-up glasses), and our meals didn't take long to be dropped off. My only very slight qualm might've been the lack of full coffee containers. For the bottomless coffee, you'd think they'd fill the table jugs more. I guess it's for waste management, but a little more couldn't have hurt.

I'd absolutely return in the future if I was nearby and craving a hearty breakfast.
please don't judge me..... BUT this place actually was super legitimate for a) being IHOP and b) for Sunday morning breakfast post party rocking ...

While I won't say the food was anything to call Mom about, but it was cooked correctly, hot and fast! And. +1000pts for having calorie and sodium info on the menu!

Our server was excellent and very attentive. The entire place was shockingly cleaner than any IHOP I've ever been and the entire experience was top notch. 

And guess what? I was seated immediately? IHOP 1, Sabrina's 0

Seriously was not expecting to give this place 4 stars, but I was super impressed!

Did I just review IHOP?
IHOP is pretty standard everywhere I've been so when we spied a 2 inch long cockroach crawling on the wall of our booth and then down under our table, I didn't exactly freak out but my nausea was enough to share the information with our young waitress.  Although the insect came from the booth next to us, it was my husband and I who reported it to the waitress so when she went and got the manager, I was hoping to at least have a conversation with the man. If he had actually addressed us instead of ignoring us and focusing on the couple in the next booth to whom he profusely apologized, I might have moved on without writing a review. But, no such luck.  So, thanks IHOP in Philly --- you may want to invest in some pest control.  

Oh, and of course we left without ordering.
Eggs undercooked, biscuits and gravy ok, hash browns good. Waitress was on automatic, pleasant but a bit crazed underneath. Lots of families, some semi loud toddlers. Had to concentrate to enjoy talking w my friend. Not enough of a price break to bring me here rather than brunch places nearby. Overall--ok, not traumatic.
We stumble in herre like real late right. We ain't drunk right we outta f$$kin sight yo. Da man say you sit down, order da food and eat up when it get dare. Mrfancy pants be right on da money man. I eat da stacks so high I thought I never see da ceilin again. Coffee so good I get 8 cup refills and pay da one cup fee only. Da ol lady be like who payin an I say me cuz IHOP know me right. Extra whip on top son an we took da forks togo.
After the manager chased a 2-to-3 inch cockroach across the dining room towards my girlfriend and then failed to offer to comp anything on my check, I can with absolute certainty say that I will never return to this IHOP.
I don't usually review chain restaurants like IHOP, but I have to make an exception for this location. 

I came here for breakfast on a Sunday, and to my surprise the place was packed!  It was also extremely clean and brightly lit by natural light. As a result, the atmosphere was wonderful for a leisurely weekend breakfast.

Service was second to none.  They seem to have a great system down so that every table has  jams, ketchup, and hot sauce before their food arrives.  

I'm a coffee snob, so I wasn't expecting much from their coffee.  It surprised me - they have great, sweet, well-rounded coffee.  I'd come back for that alone. 

And then there's the food.  Simply great.  I ordered a their cinnastack pancakes... delicious!

What a pleasant experience!  I'll definitely be back!
Where do you go when you're in the Gayborhood after a late night of partying and are hungry? IHOP! 

Usually, I go towards a Denny's but this was great too! The service was nice and the food was as expected for this food chain. Will go back again after another night of debauchery of course! ;-)
Came in with friends to try the new Oreo Pancakes. I have been an IHOP fan for YEARS, but this experience was AWFUL. We were seated around 8PM, with a fairly empty restaurant. We waited at least 15 minutes after being seated to get our orders taken and simply be given water. Some of us wanted only half stacks of pancakes, which I have ordered plenty of times before. However, we were told that we could only do that with "Combo" orders, and we couldn't simply get half stacks with a side of fries. This sounded strange to me because I have mobile-ordered and in-person ordered half stacks at 3 different IHOP locations before. 

After over 35 minutes, which is very long for An IHOP, our food was finally brought out. I usually enjoy IHOP's Red Velvet Pancakes, hash browns, and other items. I ordered a full stack of Oreo Pancakes which were extremely dry and lacked glaze. I asked for a separate cup of glaze to be brought over, and the waiter took extremely log to do it. I understand that he was the only one waiting tables, but there were other workers standing on the side talking, laughing, and doing nothing.

Additionally, the hash browns brought out were EXTREMELY greasy and very unsatisfying. Once we got our bill, which took over 20 minutes just to be brought over after eating, we put our cards in. We waited ANOTHER half hour for the cards to simply be collected.

Even though I've been an IHOP fan for years, this particular location was awful, because the food quality and service were extremely lacking. I definitely would not recommend this particular location, and I hope the manager changes things so the IHOP service and quality reputation isn't ruined.
Nice IHOP. It is on the corner and a little hard to nice. The wait was not too long giving it was a Sunday morning. The service however was not the best! I ordered a Cobb salad with no meat! It was really good! Given I'm not from the state and in CT we pay at the register in front, I proceeded to do so and my waitress was really rude! I had the bill and cash in hand! She wasn't even apologetic when I told her I was not from the state and didn't know. Think I would of had a better experience if that didn't happen.
The service is slow and very unorganized. Waited 12 minutes to get coffee, brought water after asking two times. The manager had to take our order as the waitress never appeared at the table, she was too busy gabbing with her co-workers. Food was fine, but not worth the poor service.
Join the IHOP eclub and get a coupon for a free stack of pancakes! Went in and redeemed my today and didn't have to pay a cent! The waiter was SUPER nice and service was great :) I'll definitely come back :)) thank you ihop!!!
Meh.  This was actually my very first IHOP experience of my life, which is kind of amazing.  I'd always heard such amazing things and was kind of disappointed.  I should preface this by saying that I'm not big on breakfast foods so that's probably where the problem comes in for me.  I am also gluten free and there weren't many options for me.  Prices were high IMHO and service was so-so.  Meh meh meh
Five star for appreciation of 24/7 facilities. We ordered a funny face, breakfast sampler with over easy eggs, bacon, sausage and ham. The Belgian waffle, the steak omelet with a side of waffle. 

My funny face was burnt. But they were very accommodating. The rest of the food was on point. 

I also really liked our server. He was a younger shorter guy with short dark hair. So nice and gentlemanly!

The facility was clean and the service was good!
This is disgusting. There was a roach on the side of the wall as we ate our food and not to mention the wait time? We waited 30 minutes outside to get seated then over an hour for our food to arrive inside only to find that the bananas were completely unripe and hard. Even now it makes me sick to my stomach what i endured eating at this place. They also got our orders wrong and mind you we were only 4 people.
Came in and told us we have a 20 min wait. We waited for 45 min and asked them how long they said 20 minutes wait again and that it will be another 20 just to get food once we are seated...it was extremely uninviting and we felt like they wanted to get rid of us the whole time. Never going there again! Meanwhile, there were four hosts hostesses standing around not doing anything and joking around.
I kind of feel bad for this place.. we went here at 9pm on a Wednesday night. I was on the Keto diet for 30 days (hence why you haven't seen a review from me because I eat in most of the time) and wanted to celebrate eating no carbs by... of course eating carbs.

Been craving pancakes and thought well IHOP should do the trick!

Been to IHOP plenty of times. The one at state college was packed! The one in Chicago was buzzin at midnight on a Friday. I've never really had a problem with the service before.

Went here and have eaten here once before. Service was fine last time. 

This time service was 1 Star. Got sat immediately by one waitress and she sits us in a section that looks closed off. It's the only clean booth though. 15 minutes go by and the manager walks by asking me what I'm looking for? Umm... how about a waitress. She tells me she'll grab one.

A waitress comes by clearly frazzled and says sorry I didn't see you guys it's my second day and I have so many tables.  (There are literally 2 other parties sat and one is being seated behind us). We order. My wife orders the combo short stack eggs easy over and sausage. I try to order egg whites avocado and sour cream with a short stack. Waitress proceeds to show me the omelette section in the menu. I tell her no I just want what I ordered. She looks at me puzzled takes out her notepad and writes down what I want and then asks again so do you want an omelette? No. If you write down egg whites with a side of avocado and sour cream the cook will know what to do. Half hour goes by and I ask where's my food? She says oh yeah and a whiff of marijuana goes by... clearly she's doing other stuff in the kitchen. Comes back and says how many eggs do I want? I say 2? Idk I just want egg whites lol.


She brings out our food and forgets my pancakes! 15 minutes goes by and I ask and she goes let me check and brings them out.


The table behind us also got their orders wrong.

Maybe this girl isn't cut out to be a waitress. I'm sad this one instance taints my view of somewhat of a 3 Star establishment.
One of the best IHOPs I have been to. The food is what you would expect from an IHOP, meaning the food is satisfying enough each time I've gone. The staff is definitely the better half of this particular IHOP. Each waiter I've ever had there is always outgoing, respectful and very attentive to the table. There is also one man whose name escapes me but he always greets everybody with a smile and a joke. Definitely feel welcome every time I walk in.  

Would recommend if you're in the area.
I was here for brunch and it took 30min to cook , food just so so. Terrible service all workers talking so loud.
This review is long overdue, so things may have changed since I went back in Fall 2009, but...

You may think you know IHOP, but this place was awesome. Fresh, clean, the eggs were PERFECT, service was quick and friendly. A definite cut-above Midtown for your post-drinking sober up. As it's right in the Gayborhood, my partner and I like to refer to it as the Homo-Hop.
I must admit that I typically do not eat a chain resturants given my slew of selection living in the city but I signed up for ihop email and received a free pancake breakfast. I actually was able to use it for equal or lesser value and chose the egg and spinich omelet with a side of fruit instread. First, the customer service was AMAZING, from the greeter and his positive energy to the servers and waitress. They all seemed happy and appeared vested in there jobs. Again, my expectations are typically low for most chain places and some diners in Philly but THEY WOW'D me big time. The presentation of the food was perfect, cooked well and tasted good. I just couldnt believe it. I had to share with you all and my friends. One thing is that I suggest they work on making coffee that can compete with mainstream places like Starbucks and La Colombe. I think it would beat the typical watered-down approach that no one is willing to accept with so many options and coffee lovers. Thanks Pamela (my server), the hostess (Leonard), the manager and team including the Chef. Kudos for stepping it up a notch.
I expected this place to be a total disaster on a Sunday morning (see: walking down 13th street before 9 am any morning of the week) but was surprised at just how tame it was.  We didn't have to wait long for a table.  The service was below average but hey, what do you expect?  You're at an IHOP.    You get some good pancakes and great people watching.
Let us not be pretentious-- this is an IHOP.  We aren't judging this against Vetri, Capital Grille, or even TGI Fridays.  It's a faux diner that won't go away.  

Take note of the pros: Free meal on your birthday, endless coffee for $2.19, open until 2am (maybe 3am), friendly servers and staff, the fluffiest pancakes, and quick service.  

Cons: The food will kill you if you're not careful, the bathroom is less friendly than Martian landscape, and add-ons cost A LOT ($1 for cheese?! $3 to change the type of pancakes!?).

I had a Rootie-Tootie Fresh above the fruited plains, America, America...I mean fresh and fruity, and my friend had the chicken fried steak.  The sausage was less meat and more squishy something, but the eggs, bacon, and pancakes were excellent. The chicken fried steak meal looked good, and my buddy finished it in a single sitting-- had to be good. 

Pros-- It gives you everything you'd want and expect from a diner.
Cons-- You might die if you choose wrong.

Choose wisely.
Late thursday night, August 14th, my friend, Armando Lopez & I were enjoying a late snack at the Walnut St. IHOP location. As regular visitors of the establishment in center city, Philadelphia, we've always been impressed by the service at this location. However, that thursday night made us not a fan of the general manager's attitude towards us. While enjoying our respective meals, a nearby table began to heckle us with sexually degrading comments. When we refused, the table began yelling racist & xenophobic slurs towards us. While we tried to remain calm, the table would not let up in their bigoted onslaught. When we tried to complain to the general manager, an older woman with short hair named Terri, we were met with indifference and carelessness to our customer experience. We were then blamed for inciting the flames, and she was recalled as saying "it takes two to tango". She gave us dirty looks and a condescending attitude. As longtime patrons of this location, we are hurt and disappointed that our customer experience could not mean less to her. Experiences like this make us not want to return to enjoy meals at IHOP. While our servers in the past have always given us a great meal at IHOP, we are appalled at the lack of empathy from the general manager. While we love the food at IHOP, we will never forget the degrading experience with the general manager, Terri.
my waitress called the crepes "crep ays"

the pumpkin pancakes have no flavor
So ill admit when i initially heard that an IHOP was being built in center city automatically i thought "well if it didn't turn hood it would get robbed relatively fast". I mean with the prevalent homelessness that grips the area at times, a 24 hour anything seemed like it would be asking for trouble. Now being from the land of Diners,malls and exits ill say i had no problems eating at an IHOP but because of  the aforementioned reason i can probably count on one hand how many IHOP i have been with in walking distance let alone gone into. 

I am a huge breakfast guy...I LOVE BREAKFAST for lunch and dinner. I cant explain why but i was definitely excited about the idea of something other then dunkin donuts in the morning or  being  able to eat breakfast in the mid day or at night. I walked in with my fiance and i was really surprised with (though i know that was the aim of the designers of the motif and decor) the diner feel of the IHOP which i am all about..the diner experience i guess is the phrase. Pretty friendly and prompt service all vestiges of a diner experience that i have missed since moving away to Philly (i am sure there are many diners in and around Camden but is the Gas and more so the bullet really worth a plate of eggs??lol) The food was delicious and it was really comfortable. If you are one those guys whole like to become a regular at places then because  of the location and the way it is set up  you will get your wish. I have become an IHOP fan for sure and you should too. Enjoy!!
i know i know... i'm reviewing a chain restaurant but i came this morning with my co workers and our meal was pretty fantastic! granted we were here 9am on a friday morning (last time i was here was 2am on a saturday night) 

i got the french toast combo and the french toast was made really well! the bacon and hash browns were also delicious. the eggs tasted a bit old but overall it was decent!
It's always open, even in the snowstorms, the waitstaff is universally friendly, and they make a mean pancake.

However, I eat with my 2 year old son here, and the number of expletives we hear coming from the mouths of many of the other patrons worries me that he'll ask me to "pass the f'ing syrup" at home.

I love pancakes so I guess I'll just ask them to turn the music up and seat us in the back.
I think the secret to eating at IHOP is to think of it like a retarded cousin: Give it exceedingly simple tasks and its more likely that they will complete them to your satisfaction. Order the simplest items on the menu and your appetite will probably be sated. The decor is weird and homey and still looks as cheap as pretty much every other IHOP, except that its brand new. Almost as if a K-Mart catalog exploded inside. The servers seemed really desperate to please and my eggs, hash browns and bacon came quickly. It tasted exactly what I thought it would, greasy and oddly comforting. Its nice to have an IHOP in my hood. I don't understand why it closes at 2am (other than to keep the "indigent" and the mobs of drunk clubbers out) because everyone knows that an IHOP breakfast is the best at 3am when you are drunk. And the only people who would pay so much for such mediocre food would most likely be drunk or hungover people in the wee hours of the morn.
I usually love going to the I-Hop. When I entered this morning, I asked a young man to seat us near the window. Both my friend and I were given a look with such attitude. I was surprised. Our reception at this I-HOP Is normally very friendly. As if that were not bad enough, I  had to go try to find out If we were going to have a server to help us(after waiting for 10 minutes). There was a lively discussion between four staff members and a great server (Nicole) came over to help us. 

Unfortunately, Nicole would not be able to control the wait time for the food. It took a while to get the food. Nicole was the person that saved the day. Here's a shout-out to her. For a company trying to change it's image- I-Hob, this kind of situation is not good. We have always felt that this restaurant was not well managed and this did not help the new image.
I've been here a bunch of times. Its a standard IHOP. I loved the cinnamon brioche French toast but that didn't last long on the menu. I'd add a star just for that dish if it still was being served.  I stick with th pancakes now, which is a good inexpensive meal. My tip is to ask for warm syrup. I dont know why IHOP is pushing burgers now, but I must admit the burgers are good. They taste fresh and are a cut above the typical fast food burger.

The problem with this IHOP is the service. Its hit or miss. Sometimes its good, but other times it's so slow u are late getting back to work from lunch. I once even heard a manager loudly giving his opinion on  controversial topics in a way that could offend customers that may not share that opinion.

Although service could be more consistent,  this IHOP is where u will find me on the annual free pancake day.
IHOP is IHOP, I never really have much to say about the food at chain restaurants because I go for the convenience and affordability and not because of their chef's culinary skills.  I mean, do you even call the person scrambling eggs and flipping pancakes at IHOP a chef, but I digress. The reason why I LOVE this location is because of the staff, they are extremely friendly. There is this young guy, I can't think of his name, but he is the host in the evening and also doubles as a waiter. I am an energy person and he is a pleasure to be around! I fell in love with his spirit the first time I walked through the doors. On my first visit we had a friendly debate about who sold more albums, Mariah Carey or Beyonce. I said Beyonce, he said Mariah Carey, a quick Google search proved that he was right! I hate being wrong! When then had an amazing conversation about music.  Whenever I go there he is my waiter and he truly makes my dining experience enjoyable.  A lot of younger kids frequent this restaurant, I am assuming it is because of the schools in the area, but they are never rude or rowdy. This location is my go-to spot when I am craving breakfast for dinner.
Food was great but my breakfast was ruined but by the horrible customer service. My server didn't give her name or said much, once we settled down she just stood there waiting for us to order. I also asked her if we can keep a menu just Incase we wanted something else & she took it away seconds late then had a horrible attitude when I asked for it back. I usually tip a fair amount but she did not deserve it, I'm sorry.
My family frequents IHOP often but this was the worst one ever.  We were just trying to get 2 take out orders to go.  First the never came to the front door where the reception desk is for at least 8 to 10 minutes. When they did come they sitted the 2 groups in front of us then came back in about 4 minutes.  They took one of our to go orders then left after we had told them that we had two orders.  After about 5 minutes, I asked if they were going to finish our order.  They left to ask the same lady that took the first.  She came back in another 4 minutes and took our order.  In the mean time they seated another group of 15 and took their order before getting ours.  I had looked in the back (kitchen) and they had music playing loud and dancing.

They were just plain aweful.

I had slow service at IHOP before but nothing close to this and they were always professional and polite.

I would avoid at all cost.
Last night my friend and I decided to go to IHOP in Downtown after I got off work. It thought it would be more classy than South Philadelphia. Since it is in Downtown, but total opposite! I arrived 20 minutes before my friend. I was seated by Phaedra and told her my friend is on her way. She seat me toward the middle of the room with a small table fit just for one person. Although it is meant for two people, but it will not fit two people. So I look around and notice why is every couple got the booth for four people, but I got this small table. So I asked her if I can get a booth because the table was too small for two people. She gave me this rude look and said hold on. Then came back and move me to the second booth near the entrance. Then she explain that all the tables toward the back room was all dirty and it need to be clean. What I don't understand is the table she told me to go to was already clean before I got there. She could of seat me there in the first place instead of the first small table. Then she keep mentioning if my friend is coming or not. Excuse me why would I lie if she is not coming. Plus there wasn't that much people at the back tables or in her section at all!  My eye sight is fine and I know when someone is being rude! 

I brush it off and waited for my friend to come because she is treating me dinner for my belated birthday and I want it to be a good night. I order my drink and it came fast. Then I decided to place my order 10 minutes before my friend come because I was hungry. When my friend finally arrived she placed her order 20 minutes after mine. At the same time Phaedra said my order is coming out soon. After 30 minutes my friend's food came out first. So I said I placed my order first to Phaedra. She turn her words around and said she put in the foods together, but when my friend was placing her order I was told my food is coming out soon! My food came out 10 minutes later. So basically I waited 40 minutes for my foods! The foods was average, bland and salty.

After we ate she gave us our receipt, but with no receipt folder. So unprofessional never been to an Ihop that just give me a receipt. Then my friend said she have a Groupon. She gave us an attitude and said why we didn't tell her in the beginning. Well she walk so fast  we didn't have the chance to tell her. After she redeem the Groupon she never give us an adjustable receipt. Then we realize there was two voucher $15 each combine up to $30 for Ihop. We asked her about the second voucher and she said she will get her manager.   Then I read my friend Groupon and realize Phaedra was right only one voucher per table. That was our fault for not reading it fully, but I blame Groupon for misleading us. The Groupon said $15 for $30 worth of foods, but we thought it would be all in one voucher not two voucher! 

The manager (David) came to us very fast to explain we can only use one voucher. I said I understand, but why haven't we got the adjustment receipt? He got it for us and I told him I wanted to file a complaint. He said OK and left, but never came back. While waiting for the manager to file my complaint and our HORRIBLE waitress (Phaedra) to come get our payment all I can see is both of them was trying to avoid us. This made me even more angry! I feel like they treat us this way because we're Asians! All the customers there was treated better! I never want to feel discriminated or use the race card, but they made me feel this way! There was 90% Black, 9% White, and my friend and I made up 1% Asian customers there. The employees and manager was Black.

My friend and I needed to use the restroom so since Phaedra and David was making us wait so long we decided to go use the restroom. Then a few minutes later Phaedra came to get us in the restroom and say we need to pay before we leave. I told her she was taking so long! I also insisted to speak to the manager David again. If Phaedra really wanted our payment then she shouldn't treat us like she did! We can easily just walk off and not pay,  but we were raised better than that! 

We went to the counter to pay which that wasn't suppose to happen if Phaedra did her job right! Then her manager was taking so long to come see me. He was definitely avoiding! So I asked one of the waitress for his name and left. This one our first time going to Ihop in Downtown Philadelphia and our last time! It is surprising that South Philadelphia Ihop gave better customer service and better foods than this one being at an unpleasant area! They make Ihop look bad!

I would give it a no star, but there's only an option for 1-5 stars. I was there for almost two hours! There was no need for that!  Don't go here because bad customer service, foods is not good, and I feel discriminated!
Pancake is good but I don't like omelette ...waited almost 30 minutes for it ..not impressed with service.. I have to think while going to this place again or not
I always like IHOP food regardless of location. Portion sizes are amazing huge and you get full very quick and the price is excellent for the portion sizes you are getting. :]

This time around I got the mushroom & cheese egg scramble and it was amazing! I had to take the rest home because I got full very quickly. :]

The service is horrible. They took forever to bring us our drinks. Our food took about half an hour and by the time it came to us, it was a little warm. We never got free refills unless we hunted our waitress down to ask for it. She never came and asked us how we were doing. SMH :[
Pretty good location.  Of course, being in the city, parking can be a nightmare.  But, it's my favorite IHOP to go to in a 10 mile radius.  Much better than South Philly

The wait staff is attentive, the food is quality.  Just spend the $3 to park on the street, and bon appetit!
A very typical iHOP location. The 3 stars are for the food - because I always enjoy their pancakes and burgers. That is what we ordered at my table (not together as a meal, individually lol) and ate all of our food. 
However, what was extremely  lacking was the customer service.  I tried my best to be understanding, because they seemed to be short staffed, but it was really unacceptable. Our waiter never stopped at our table on her own. I had to stop her every single time I needed something.  I had to tell her when we was ready to order, I had to tell her when we needed refills for our drinks, I had to tell her when we needed our bill.  Our food also took over 30 minutes to come to our table.  So yeah the service was quite trash.
We had a gift card so I figured we should use it. Two basic breakfasts French toast and pancakes and bacon with hash browns. Hash browns came out 15 minutes after the food. Burnt outside cold still inside. Everything else was fine. 35 dollars seemed steep for mediocre food. I did however highly enjoy watching all the drug deals go down in the alley. This was before10 am. The server really hated her job, but the manager was very nice and cleared our plates. I gave three stars for the outside entertainment and the French toast. Also please don't put cut up lemon in tomato juice. Yuck.
If I could give a half of a star I would. Forget the fact that we we waited 45 min just for the waiter to take our order, another 30 min to get our coffee, and another 45 min to get our food... I usually don't mind waiting for food as long as the food is worth it. Everything came out ICE cold. The only way my waffles could be colder is if they slapped a frozen waffle on my plate. This establishment is lucky my fiancé is so nice, because if it were up to me I would've walked out the moment we received our food. Her country omelette wasn't even cooked, the shredded cheese looked like it was thrown on last minute, the eggs were cold and there wasn't any sour cream that was supposed to come with it - which you know took another 25 min to get. I don't care if it's a Sunday and it's busy, quality of food should always be first. You literally have one job. Fix your staff and get it together IHOP.
The food here is amazing!   Def not your typical chain restaurant, bland style food.  Breakfast from this IHOP is more like your local, fave b'fast joint.  Stayed for Memorial Day Weekend and ate here 3 mornings in a two 
Def underrated!!
This was my first ihop experience and it was disappointing. I had high expectations when I walked in as the guy who greeted us at our table was quite entertaining. But that was the only good part! Rest of it- the food and the service was below the mark. The pancakes were below average and the waitress served us the second round of toasts when we were finished with our breakfast. I have no intentions of ever visiting this place again.
The food is fine, albeit lukewarm, but the service is absolutely horrendous. I've eaten here twice and have received awful service both times. I only stopped in today because the Dutch Eating Place is closed and I really wanted pancakes. This is my last visit to this IHOP. They got my order correct this time, but I never actually had a server, just the manager because no one bothered to wait on me. Too bad. I tip well and am low maintenance.
I waited for my egg melt and french fries for 30 minutes. No one assure me that they were even cooking the food. The guy who took my to-go order at the front just kept asking me what did i order. Clearly, he had no intentions of serving me properly. I only had an hr for lunch & didnt get my food on time. I ended up leaving & going back to work hungry. I would never go back to this poor organized ihop again .
10/10 friendly staff. Yeah, it's an iHop, but when visiting I just wanted one breakfast for a familiar anchor. Everything was cooked exactly to order (eggs over hard, bacon well-done).  Everything came out perfectly. Recommended.
