I have had Interstate Drafthouse in my sites for sometime!  I was interested in the menu items that alligator was featured...so we tried the gator and beer chili and the wings!

I was satisfied with how well prepared the chili was and the flavors had depth!  The wings had a smoky kick at the end..off to a good start!

The beer list was just what I needed...I like the offerings of ciders; sours; ipas and lagers.  I sampled ..well actually had two..maybe three rounds of what was on tap!

The bartender was attentive and friendly..the place filled up quickly...so that's a good sign!  

I would return, but not making any special trips!

3 stars are for place and food..additional star is for tHe beer list!
If you're in need of some real food in Fishtown around midnight, the late night menu at Interstate is as good as many regular menus.

We drove in late and got down with a legitimately fantastic burger that was more rare than medium rare (juicy as fuck), chicken fingers, guacamole, and various draft beers (anything from sours to stouts to bocks to IPAs to hefeweisens). They call this a drafthouse for a reason. 

You can turn any of those beers you order into a beer and a shot too. I don't think they actually have beer/shot combos, but you just order a shot and there you go. Stay for too many rounds with your friends and you may hear a story you didn't want to about using Nair inappropriately. 

The only thing I don't like about Interstate is that they have Hunt's ketchup. What is that nonsense? Heinz, people. It's the only real ketchup. Don't mess with a good thing.
This place is perfect for what it is.  It is not the next great hot night spot.  It is not an ultra sleek gastropub.  It is not an irish pub.  It is not a sports bar.  It is not a dive bar.  What you can expect is one of the most chill, down to earth, old school, neighborhood bars in the city.  

With an impressive tap selection, service where you feel like you know the server or bar tender by the end of the night, and simple food done right, this place strips a bar down to the basics and does each part impeccably well.  Expect to see the owner sharing a few stories and laughs with any patron at the bar.  It also boasts a very impressive sized patio for the place, but seeing as how it is almost November, I won't get to really enjoy that for another 5 months or so.

My grandmother lived by herself in Port Richmond running a corner bar until she was 82 years old.  You knew the owner, you knew the bartenders, and you knew the patrons.  You always knew when you went in there, it was the true old fashioned bar experience.  Interstate has mastered that same feeling in an establishment only a month or so old.

People expecting this to be the next Memphis Taproom or Kraftworks will be disappointing, but if you want to experience what a true neighborhood bar should feel like, this is the place to go.
To Whom It May Concern:

Please accept my high recommendation of Interstate Drafthouse in support of its application for the position of totally legit brunch spot. IDH displays the virtues of tastiness, solicitous service, and beer on a regular basis. As such, I have no doubt that IDH would be a credit to your pantheon of brunch options. 

IDH and I have not known each other for long, perhaps a scant two months, but in this short time, it has shown itself to be quite creative. Consider this stroke of genius: who else would think to play on the concept of eggs benedict by replacing the classic English muffin with a perfectly--perfectly--crispy polenta cake? I suspect few of your other applicants would. 

As a balance to its creativity, IDH is also quite practical. Their beer flights include 8 beers. They have 16 beers on tap. And so, if you can't decide which beers to get, order 2 flights and get them all! Indulgence, decadence, variety, all under the aegis of easy division. 

I do hope you will agree that IDH is a strong candidate for your brunch pleasure, and I recommend it without condition. Please feel free to contact me should have any questions. 

Yours in deliciousness, 
--Chris M.
I stopped by Interstate Draft House on their grand opening night for a drink after work and ended up nearly closing the place.  The interior is cozy with a nice bar space and dining room in the back.  And there's an adorable patio out back complete with a cute cat (which I think after about 8 vodkas we named Teabag???)  We ordered the guacamole, calamari and seitan tips.  Also had a bite of someone else's spinach pizza.  GET THE SEITAN TIPS.  Amazing.  The place, food and staff are all awesome and I'm looking forward to going back soon!

fyi: cash only for now while they get their credit card machines sorted out.
So if I ever go missing on a Tuesday night, check here first, because chances are I'm getting down with some dollar tacos. Dollar tacos and four dollar pints has to be the best deal in town.  I've never had seitan before trying it here, but the seitan tacos are my fave. 
But alas, it is impossible to stop at the tacos. Having sampled a good amount of their fare, I'm happy to report everything has been great. I especially love the wings here, which are in a bbq type sauce, a nice departure from basic bitch buffalo. Fried pickles are always delicious, and the black bean nachos with your choice of meat are perfection.
The beer list is always solid, I just wish some beers would turn over a little quicker so I can't try something new every week. But IDH has introduced me to some delightful new beers, DuClaw dirty little freak comes to mind.  The waitresses are always super sweet and knowledgable about the beers on tap too. 
While the happy hour pricing seems to be a good deal, some of their other price points are a bit skewed in my humble opinion. $5 for chips and pico is a bit much.  But IDH is a great option for a night out nonetheless, especially if that night happens to be Tuesday.
My husband and I have been trying to be more thrifty with our money, which means that we aren't going out to eat as often. We've been saving up our "date night" for almost all month, and this past Friday we decided it was time to use it up. Interstate Draft House was our destination.

We arrived around 6:30 to an empty restaurant. At first I was nervous, wondering where all the people were, but we walked through the bar to the patio area and I realized that everyone was outside. Unfortunately for us there were no seats left outside, but some lovely folks brought us out a table and chairs! We were seated right next to a long planter filled with herbs - mint being especially memorable. It was very cute and I was happy to be seated outside.

The only negative part of our entire night was that there was a huge party of folks seated next to us (I think it was a bunch of people who work together out for someone's birthday). They were pretty darn loud and distracting, but that was no fault of Interstate's. Our server seemed to feel pretty badly about it, though, apologizing to us for the noise on more than one occasion.

Now for the important parts...

The food was delicious. I posted pictures of everything we got, so check them out. We started with the fried pickles, which I have to say, I enjoyed a lot more than Memphis Taproom's. They were sliced pickes as opposed to whole pickles, so they were easier to eat. I also enjoyed the curry sauce more than the horseradish sauce at Memphis. I should note that my husband disagrees with me on this fact, but I'm the one with the Yelp account, so my opinion matters more than his.

For my entree I got the Cubano sandwich, which had two kinds of pig on it - chorizo sausage and pork confit - along with a spicy sauce and pickles. It was SO good. Like, out of this world good. It was served with a side of red slaw, and though I normally don't dig on slaws, it was pretty OK.

My husband got the burger and was surprised at how spicy it was. He likes a little heat, so he didn't mind, but be warned! If you've got a lower tolerance for spice, this is NOT the choice for you! I probably couldn't have eaten the entire thing if I ordered it.

We also got a side of garlic Brussels sprouts, because everybody's gotta eat their greens, and they were also really tasty (for all you sprout haters out there, if you don't like 'em, you've probably just never had them cooked right!).

The happy hour specials were also a delightful surprise for our wallet. A $4.00 pint size margarita? Yes, please. There were also plenty of $3.00 beer selections available, so the man got a few of those.

Lastly, the service was really great. Everyone was super friendly and kept our drinks filled and plates clean.

We couldn't have asked for a better night out! This is certainly a place that I'd be willing to spend my money again.
I had lunch at Interstate Drafthouse on a Sunday afternoon.  We sat in the outdoor area, which was filthy. The table and chairs were covered in old dried up bits of food. The chalkboard walls also had food particles and a thick layer of dirt on their frames. It was disgusting, and if this is how clean they keep the areas that they allow the customers to eat in I can only imagine what the kitchen looks like. I was served a bloody mary with a bug on the celery, so they didn't clean that. 

There were also signs posted that said that there's no smoking in the outdoor seating area. That is great except for the fact that they allow the employees to take smoke breaks out there in front of the customers, and there is a bucket half filled with cigarette butts in plain sight. 

The third issue we had was the food quality, specifically how old the ingredients were that were served to us. I requested pico on the side, and it looked to be many days old and obviously going bad. The tomatoes were withered and slimey and the pico was sitting in a pool of its own juices. I took a picture of it. The french fries were so old that they were dried up and hollow on the inside. They were over salted and disturbingly old.  I have never had fries like that before. Doesn't the health department specify lengths of time in which prepped food can be kept and considered safe to serve?  

Lastly, the menu is random and has no theme. Nothing we ordered was good or interesting. My boyfriend got a "panini" but it was served on a hoagie roll and not pressed. I mean, that's not a panini, that's a hoagie.  The service was fine and the food and drinks did come out in a timely manner. 

I do not recommended this place. Go elsewhere, there are plenty of options in Fishtown.
A bright Interstate sign illuminates this great little new spot from an otherwise unremarkable block.  I stopped in the other night to check out what it's all about.

The Interstate Draft House is a beer bar/gastropub rendition by the owner of the late Azure in Northern Liberties.  Great craft beer selection is combined with pub and Mexican food.  The atmosphere here is great; it's really cozy, dim with candles along the bar.  A medium sized wooden bar runs half the length of the building and gives way to a dining room in the back.  Good music plays in the background until the Phillies come on.  And I love when bars play the sound for local sports casts.

There's on HD TV over the bar, and a chalkboard will the current beer selections.  With the exception of the prices noted on the beer list (and this is a welcomed inclusion), many details are reminiscent of Memphis Taproom.  I say this with a note of admiration.  I was hoping this new spot would have a lower price point, but let's face it: Fishtown is expensive now.  This place, in price and a lot of other ways, it right up there with Memphis and Kraftwork.

The staff here is attentive and friendly; more so than I expect.  I did visit while the business was quite new, but these guys still seemed genuine.  For the menu, there are a few options that sound great.  The one downside is that the mains and all sides are separate.  First, ordering a burger and getting just that on a plate is disappointing; somehow just wrong (fries are a right, not a privilege).  Second, a simple meal can inflate to almost $20 with a main and a side.

I ordered the Cubano, and this was a traditional representation of the delicious pressed sandwich.  No complaints here; good ingredients, with special props to the spicy mustard.  Rachel ordered the quesadilla and was happy with her order.  The real treat was our order of fried plantains; sticky-sweet, perfectly cooked, and overall delicious.  The might not be the best food to go with beer, but I'm happy to order them anytime nonetheless.

I like to write a lot when I visit spots and I doubt most anyone reads the whole thing.

The Bottom Line: I like this spot, it will thrive. I hope that it can keep the neighborhood feel and not get overrun.  Interesting beer lists and a tasty, albeit a bit overpriced food menu will keep the folks coming again and again.

Cash only at the moment.
Eek!! I don't know what happened here!

I had plans to go to Prohibition Taproom last night, but when we got there, there was not one single seat to be found. So, I thought to myself, where can we go instead that will undoubtedly be delicious?

Unfortunately my experience at Interstate wasn't nearly as good as last time.

The service was pretty terrible, and the food was quite disappointing. 

The fried pickles, which I loved last time I was there, were completely different. Long gone were the golden brown, crispy pickles. What appeared at our table was more of a tempura type fry, that was soft and mushy and peeled off the second you picked up a pickle. In fact, looking back at the picture I took in May, and comparing it to what appeared at our table last night, I wouldn't even begin to think that both dishes were from the same place.

As for the mac and cheese - I wasn't really a fan. It tasted like a grilled cheese sandwich (and my date agreed). The breadcrumbs on top were buttery and browned (borderline burned) and made the dish taste like a sandwich. It wasn't really hitting the spot.

Lastly, I got the catfish po boy. It came out on a regular hamburger-type roll, which isn't usually how a po boy is served. I could overlook that, but the fact was that my entire sandwich was beyond soggy. It was absolutely drenched in the juice from the cole slaw that it was topped with. I was only given one napkin, and I could barely get through two bites without feeling like I needed to go wash my arms and wrists in the sink.

Overall my date and I were pretty jilted by this experience. It's quite unfortunate considering how much I loved our outing in May.
Ive officially found the worst burger in fishtown oh u want lettuce tomato and onions on that.... it doesn't come with that. We ordered a rare n medium burger both well done.  But attitude about needing lto was not cool. Think this is my last time here. Obviously this place had a issue with my post. We both ate the way over cooked burgers n delt with it.... They should have been sent back just on cooked status alone. If someone asks for lto what it the big deal.  I work in service industry n no matter how weird a request is I manage to get it done.  Asking for lto for your burger is normal.  And your sarcastic comment is cute.  Im never mean to your staff i'm quiet n I tip n spend money!   I will say just because u are owners son does not mean u should be behind a bar.  If you ever notice it is dead in there when u are cuz no one likes you. ...... just saying.  Drafthouse I sure will miss you. ...meh! ..................... At the end of the day there are a million places to eat here in Fishtown, you can just remember that my dear. ;)
Oh Interstate how do I love thee. Let me count the ways.
1. Every time I come to Philly you have more of the beers I want to try and can't get in Florida.
2. Your beer flight is $10 for 6 beers.
3. You're in stumbling distance of my sister's house.
4. Blackened green beans so good my own Mother would steal them from me
5. Great salads
6. Great burgers.
7. Great happy hour deals
8. Did I mention the beer selection?
Holy hell. Have you tried the Interstate cheddar burger?

Come by on a Wednesday night and it'll be just $10- and that includes your choice of PBC beers on draft. Seriously. It's "two-fisted Wednesdays." Take advantage.

The burger is smothered in cheddar, truffle aioli and cherry peppers for a little kick. Mine came out medium-rare as requested, and it's just $1 to upgrade to a side salad. The fries portion is massive, and they're thick cut and heavy (in the best way, of course) so if you're dining with a partner, I recommend one of ya get the salad and the other, fries. Then share. 

One pet peeve? Barely any space under the bar. Can't sit head-on with my knees bent at a normal angle. Taller folk, grab a table. This is a great neighborhood spot.
I went to Interstate Draft House with...my parents...wearing an Oxford button-down and Sperry boat shoes. I mention this detail only because as soon as I walked in to the restaurant, I felt comfortable - despite the fact that  the energy in the place is fairly hipster-esque and at that point, Mom and Dad were probably the oldest people there. 

The space is pretty small, but the bar is decent-sized and the eating area towards the back didn't feel cramped at all, even though as the night went on, it did get pretty crowded. First , and most importantly: the beer. If you're gonna call yourself a draft house, you better deliver - and they did. Good selection, knowledgeable staff, quick to refill (obviously a key measure). Both my dad and I were pleased, and we don't eff around in the beer department. 

Second of all: food. Awesome. As an employee of a non-profit organization, I'm always on the lookout for cheap eats, and while I usually like to make Mom and Dad shell out some cash for dinner, IDH would have been super-manageable even for me (yes, I just said it's an inexpensive place). We're a veggie family who usually eats enough to feed the entire state of Pennsylvania, and  there were a ton of options for us here. I kid you not, we ordered: black bean nachos, grilled seitan tips, mushroom goat cheese quesadillas, veggie burger, tilapia tacos, and tomato soup. Seriously, everything was great - and I will mention the portions aren't ginormous so we weren't that out of control. Fresh, great flavor, just really delicious. 

Third of all: Solid service. My dad actually misplaced his credit card while we were there and I'm pretty sure at least 87% of the staff was crawling around on the floor looking for it. With flashlights. I'm sure the other diners though we were out of our minds, but we found the card and evaded most of the weird stares. 

The only  slight downside (for me) is the Fishtown location, but parking is easy, so...there goes that. I'll be back. Not wearing my Sperrys.
Good beer selection.  Nice outdoor area.  Service a little dicey once, very good another.  Owner has serious anger issues, though.

I went to Interstate Draft House with a decent-sized group of friends.  We were in the outdoor area.  The outdoor area has those space heaters that look like a lamp.  Ours went out, so someone in our party foolishly decided to try to move another space heater to our seating area (while it was on) and in doing so, touched the lighting cord and shorted out the outdoor lights.

The owner then proceeded to curse at our entire party angrily, saying over and over "you broke my f!@#ing lights!".  I attempted to explain to the owner that we were sorry and that there was no need to be nasty, but he continued to yell and curse at us even as I was paying my check and making sure I tipped the staff generously.

Had he been more graceful, I would've been happy stay and return to Interstate Draft House and I'm sure the business generated by being nice about the whole thing would've more than made up for any damages incurred.

Unfortunately, the owner literally preferred to curse the darkness (and his potential patrons) rather than light a candle.  His loss.

ADDENDUM:
I've since been back to the establishment, and my food was delicious (dollar taco night, and I tried all the varieties), service was plenty courteous.  Giving the bar back one star.

REPLY TO OWNER:
I don't dispute that the other members of my party were wrong in moving the lamps.  (I was inside ordering another drink when this happened, by the way.)  I'm not saying that you would've been wrong to simply ask us all to leave, although we would've been happy to continue to give you our business, as we felt awful about the whole thing.

What I do have issue with is the fact that you screamed obscenities at us, especially considering members of my party didn't *intentionally* break the lights, even if we were careless.  The apology doesn't sound very genuine, especially since at the time you very clearly were not concerned about whether or not other patrons wanted to hear you cursing angrily and loudly at other customers.

The lights can be repaired easily enough.  The damage you did to your own reputation maybe not so much.
This place is still my favorite consistently.
Best wings in Philly. That ancho chilli sauce is chemically addictive. I cannot stop eating it. 
Whether seitan or the real thing, both are delicious.

The fry situation from my previous review is fixed. Just asked for well done fries. Make sure to do this so you never have to have bad fries here. 

Fried pickles are also still great.

I cannot stop eating here. They need to extend their happy hour though because my cheap ass refuses to ever eat there outside of $4 wings.
Stopped in here on a pleasant Saturday evening to check out the lay of the land.  This is a good little neighborhood joint and I will return when I'm up in Fishtown.

Beer-wise there were a few good drafts on.  I had the West Coast IPA and the O'Reilly Stout which are always pleasant.

For dinner, we began with the blackened brussel sprouts which I'm sorry to report, were not blackened whatsoever.  That was the part of the meal that we left untouched.

My cubano was tasty and did the trick for an inexpensive meal.  I'm guessing they might have been a bit short staffed that night because our service was somewhat slow.

Forgiving my minor complaints, I think this place is decent and they have a fair amount of vegan options on the menu which means that many varieties of people can eat there.
Went for Azure's Seitan Tips - so happy I could almost cry.  I have been missing these since Azure closed.  We found the bar perfect - thats what it is  - a cozy bar, great beer list, friendly patrons, and really good, reasonably priced food.  What we have been needing.  So glad to see Bob and Sue back!  Brawler Ales was $3.25 - totally fine!
After trying to get to the Interstate Draft house I finally made it there on a Friday night in March.  We were lucky to get rock star parking about 100ft from the front door.  We walked in and found two seats at the bar right near the front window.  I'm glad we arrived at 9:30 because by 10pm the place was full.

As soon as we sat down our bartender came over and took our drink orders.  My girlfriend ordered a Fishtown Ice Tea and I had an Otter Creak Baltic Porter.  Our drinks arrived quickly and both were great.  As most said the Fishtown Ice tea is a must try.  I could drink 10 of those things on a nice spring day as long as I'm not driving.

The interior of the building has the bar along the right wall and a few two top tables along the left side.  As you walk past the bar area they have a dining room followed by the kitchen.  Since it was a cold night we didn't get to check out the back patio. I will return when the weather is warmer to check it out.

After perusing the menu I settled on the beef & gator chili and the Filet Tips  with chipotle aioli, fresh greens &  flour tortillas $12.  My girlfriend had the Chicken Panini with marinated chicken breast, smoked apple wood bacon, sliced avocado, red onion, cheddar cheese and lime cilantro mayo.  The panini came with fresh cut fries and they were some of the best we have had in a while.

The vibe of Interstate is very chill and relaxed and the bartenders were very friendly and helpful.  This small bar has great food and a good beer selection to match.  I really like this place a lot and can't wait to go back.
We live on the same block as this place and have been very excited for it to open in the last few weeks.  Tonight was their 3rd day of business and we went in for beers and dinner.  The menu has an excellent variety that is served tapas style.  Between the two of us we ordered 4 plates:  Filet tips, seitan tips, broccoli rabe, and the black bean nachos.  Everything was exceptional.  I ordered my filet tips med rare and they were cooked perfectly.  The filet tips and seitan tips are served with soft tortilla shells, shredded lettuce, and a spicy aioli, and for being tapas I felt as though the portions were a very nice size and very reasonably priced.  The other reviews weren't lying... the seitan tips are very tasty.  The black bean nachos are excellent - I loved the nacho chips (they were thicker than your average chip) and were topped with guac.  My boyfriend loves broccoli rabe and that was also very very good...

We only ordered the Sly Fox Octoberfest beer and that too was excellent.  I liked their beer selection and will definitely be going back to try others.  The owner, Brandon stopped by to say hi and introduce himself.  He seems like a very nice guy and we welcomed him to the neighborhood and wished him a lot of luck.  I hope this place does extremely well.  It's a very cool place and the decor is welcoming.  The bar upfront has at least one tv  - probably a cool spot to catch a Phillies or Flyers game for sure.

The patio out back is super cool and had I seen it before we sat down I probably would have wanted to sit outside.  Its dangerous living so close to such a cool place.  I definitely will be going back... soon.  And I definitely will be bringing people along with me as well.
Interstate Drafthouse is now my official Philly gator spot. While I was drawn in by their Philly Beer Week events, the alligator offerings hooked me. 

So let me start with beer week. They were the only bar in Philly to carry California's Casa Agria. I hope they get the hook up again in the future. Shout out for the stellar sour brunch as well. 

Back to the gator. After a trip to New Orleans a few years been back, I've been on the hunt for gator but hesitate to find a restaurant up north that will do it right. Interstate casually and skillfully will add gator sausage into so many of their dishes. If you are an egg-oriented brunch fan you are in luck. The breakfast flatbread and breakfast flatbread were delicious in their own right, and then you can add on gator. Not to mention the portions were huge. Prepare to have leftovers, split with friends or leave full.

Although a little buggy, I loved the outdoor area. There was a tent so we were able to eat outside without baking on the sun; there were tables not covered if you do need some rays. The outdoor section is a fenced in backyard so there's some privacy from the neighborhood.

Now that I've been introduced to Interstate, I look forward to keeping an eye on their beer menu and the creative dishes they can prepare gator.
When my Uber dropped me near Interstate Drafthouse, I had no idea where to walk. It just looked like a nondescript, chill residential city block. I stared at the little blue dot on Google...eventually looking up and realizing the bar was about 30 yards away.

Interstate is tiny but packs a punch. The front bar area is narrow and hard to navigate with a group. My first visit last Saturday night was with five others, so we opted to sit on their patio at a picnic table. Much more room to breathe! At one point, it started raining, but the umbrellas guarded us from the shower successfully.

Both visits were for special Beer Week events with taps from California's Casa Agria, but ID had been on my bookmarks list for ages. I think originally they popped into my radar for selling gator mac and cheese (and I was obsessed over gator in food items after a trip to New Orleans...), but I actually ordered chicken tenders during my visit instead.

Their version was really good! Panko fried so they felt fancy and not too-too unhealthy. I felt silly ordering them when their menu had so many cooler items, but our server reassured me that they're not just for kids...they can be a great comfort food for any age!

The next afternoon, the atmosphere was much calmer, and a couple friends and I chit chatted at the bar while sharing nachos. Their version is pretty tasty, and the helping was massive.

Interstate isn't in my neighborhood, nor in my city anymore (sniff, miss ya Philly), but it's a cool, unassuming little bar and I'd recommend it wholeheartedly to both locals and visitors. I'll know where to find it next time.
I really wish I could give this place a higher rating but when I went their kitchen was having technical difficulties so I don't think it's fair to give them a higher rating.

That being said, we were able to get on order of chips and guac, which were pretty good.  The beer list is nice and very fairly priced - they had local brews from PBC and some from far away too.  

Two things wowed me.  One:  the spectacular patio.  Set back from the street you ALMOST forget you are in the city.  It's pretty awesome.  Two: are server was super sweet - one of the nicest servers I have ever encountered and I was one myself another lifetime ago.  

So I plan on going back soon (Taco Tuesday maybes?) and hopefully these guys can add a star or two.
Interstate has consistently good food and a fun atmosphere, but service can vary. We come in pretty often for a bite to eat or to watch a game. This spot is one of the closest things Fishtown has to a sports bar, and it's a convenient location to the more residential area of Fishtown, too.

Drinks are more than reasonably priced and there is a large draught beer selection, which is constantly rotating and offers both standard and seasonal options. I usually go with a beer or the Fishtown tea, if the bartender will make it without rum* (sometimes they will, sometimes they won't, depending on how busy it is)! Food selection is American/Southern - we usually order some variation of cauliflower bites, nachos, and tacos as appetizers and salads, burgers, or sandwiches for entrees... highly recommend the salad mexicana, interstate burger, and chicken panini.

The only thing that has ever been a let down is the poutine - I LOVE poutine, but the cheese curds they use are deep fried... some might like this, but I definitely prefer regular curds!
I'm adding a star for their wings. I've been back here a bunch of times since my first encounter, and their wings are the BEST.
Interstate is a great local bar and restaurant. The staff is really friendly. The steak tips and fired pickles are delicious. The veggie burger and fish tacos are also pretty amazing. All of the food is reasonably priced (usually less than $12 for a meal). The drinks are great including mixd drinks and quite a few craft beers on tap.
This place looks a little sketchy from the outside. It's a small dark brownstone draft house next to a playground. But then you go in and it's a typical bar. I've always had a seat in the back tables because I can't pass up their food. 
Ancho chicken wings- okay, wish they were a little more fall off the bone type. And the sauce wasn't anything spectacular either. 
Ancho seitan wings- amazing. Crispy. Super flavorful. 
Seitan tips- it's basically a fajita. They give you an ample amount of filling (seitan, peppers, onions, etc). The seitan has a meat like consistency, and everything was seasoned perfectly. 
Seitan cheesesteak: Good, but A little bland.  We definitely covered it in hot sauce ad ketchup to add flavor. But the texture overall was on point. 
Mac and cheese: one word. AMAZING. Order it. You will not be disappointed. It's creamy, silky, smooth, perfectly cheesy with a little crunch on top. Soooo freaking good. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. 
The beer specials are great. The food is very reasonably priced. It's a great place watch games and catch up with your friends. I've been here twice and I plan on coming a lot more! Nice work interstate.
I came for the craft beer, but fell in love with the food. Seitan chili, crab cake and blackened string beans  were outstanding. Great service too! Pleasant outdoor seating.
I live in the neighborhood and was very happy to see something in place of Moe's...  When I heard it would be a Draft House , I was very excited.  I have tried Interstate a few times and am terribly DISAPPOINTED.  Food was ok to good, waitresses ok, but the bartender and both owners (father and son) could really use a lesson in hospitality.  Simple "hello", "good-bye", "how was your meal", etc really go a long way...  I won't be going back to this place, when there are so many other better, friendlier places to spend my money (and recommend)...
This place is solid. There's good food with ample non-meat options, a fair beer selection most of the time, outdoor seating in a nicely enclosed beer garden (in which they allow dogs!). But for some reason it never occurs to to go here. 

Prices are high, especially with the nearby competition at JBs, Kraftwork, Memphis, Standard Tap. Beer options aren't nearly as good as most of the nearby places, either. Service can be a little spotty, even on slow nights at the bar. 

There's just really nothing that differentiates this place to draw me here as a regular. I'll give it a "meh" and will probably be back in a few months.
This bar is perfect if you're looking for a dark-Christmas string lit place for a late night dinner and a beer. We tried the fried cauliflower, Mac n cheese and the ancho chili wings. Everything was good except the Mac n cheese, which lacked any sort of detectable cheese flavor unfortunately. The service was top notch, and they had some good, low prices beers! I'd hit it up again when I'm back in Fishtown!
I would be vegan in a heartbeat if this chef could cook for me every night.  The marinated seitan tips was possibly one of the most satisfying meals that I have ever enjoyed.  I am not actually vegan, but have a milk allergy and Interstate is definitely allergy sensitive.  Service is excellent and the beer selection is solid.
This place is awesome. I live in the neighborhood and was really looking forward to a new more low key eating and drinking establishment. The food was amazing....especially the seitan tips....excellent! And I am not vegetarian. Also the poblano corn soup. Friendly and comfortable. Looking forward to my next visit when I hope to enjoy the outdoor seating in the back.
Seriously... hole in the wall bar with awesome beer and food? Sign me up! Everything I have ordered from the menu thus far is delicious, and the beer selection is top-notch.  Bartenders are friendly and knowledgable about what they're serving.  Couldn't ask for more.
This place is so awesome. I've only been here on Tuesdays. Do you know why? Because their awesome Taco Tuesdays! Yes, $1 tacos. Ok, the tacos are tiny, but still worth the buck. They taste very fresh and come out hot and loaded with chicken (or another meat if you prefer). 

I also had the nachos. Couldn't finish them. Not that they were bad, no, they were great. But it was a huge plate! Enough to share with 2-3 people. They were amazing. 

Next up, the tap list. Here's where I fell in love. On Tuesdays, they have select drafts for $3. Don't expect 2 or 3 beers to be listed on the special. Every time Ive been there, they had almost every beer on special. Most beers are hard to find at other bars. 

This is my new hangout for sure.
Came here because I heard they had good food and as a vegan I was able to stay. Bartender was super friendly and the crowd was very chill. I was surprised how good their beet salad was, awesome blackened Brussel sprouts and sweet potato fries. I didn't drink any beer because I was nursing a hang over from the night before but I will be back to drink from their tap for sure. Awesome laid back place greeting you with smiles.
Interstate!!!!  I'm THRILLED you opened your doors!  

The food is very very good (so far I've tried the chicken tacos, black bean nachos, blackened string beans, fry trio, seitan tips and cobb salad).  

Bartenders are friendly and the atmosphere is welcoming.  We were able to sit outside one night, just as they opened, but come springtime I know that outdoor area will be jammin.

The beer selection is good, but not unusual.  However, I don't think that will hurt business.  Now with this awesome addition to Fishtown, I can see the Draft House will definitely be a leg on a beer bar crawl.

I've been here almost once a week since they opened and I will keep coming back!
My friend and I ventured in here one day for a drink.  It looks very much like a typical vibe.  When we walked in there was absolutely NO greeting from anyone working there.  We kind of stood there as I asked my friend where he wanted to sit.  Finally, we picked a high top right next to the bar.  We waited there for close to 10-15 minutes wondering if we were supposed to go up to the bar and order ourselves.  Finally, someone came up to our table.    

We got there just for the last half hour of happy hour.  All beers with a star next to them were only $3 bucks.  It's nice to get a Yards for that price.  It was also $1 taco night.  They have veggie options as well.  They were really good and it was incredibly cheap.  Therefore, while the service SUCKS, I can't totally come down on this place because you get what you pay for.  I would actually go there more if I lived in Fishtown.  

For some reason, it gives off the same vibe as El Rey, in CC.
As someone who lives in Fishtown and frequents a number of Fishtown bars (drinking out is so much better when you can just stumble home on foot), I was surprised when I heard someone mention Interstate recently.  A bar with a patio in Fishtown that I'd never even heard of???  Huh?

When I finally made it over there a couple weeks ago, I was a little less confused.  The front is quite unassuming, easily mistaken for a house.  But inside, despite it's rowhouse shell, it's a really cute bar!  The floors are are really neat cobblestones (not like you really care), and their outside patio is perfect!  Actually I kind of hesitate to mention the patio it's so perfect.  Both times I've gone (once a semi-chilly evening, the other a weeknight for happy hour) there was room for us on the patio, and I will be sad sad sad if the day comes where that isn't the case!  There are heaters for when it's cold (which according to another reviewer you shouldn't move - um, duh???  Those things are expensive, why the heck would you mess with them and yes, someone will get mad if you break it...), and the perfect amount of lighting for once it gets dark.  

Also you can bring your dog here, and they'll give them a bowl of water!  I don't actually even have a dog, but I love dog-friendly places on principle.

Like other reviewers have said they have a great beer list, and the prices for happy hour are on point (big $4 margaritas, strong $5 mojitos, $3 craft beer yes please!).  The food is reasonably priced, and decent.  I tried their chili pizza and it was perfect drinking food... their loaded hotdogs are yummy and intense.  The best thing I've tried was their wings - DELICIOUS!  Like if buffalo wings and bbq wings had a baby?

The only thing I'd say to avoid would be (unfortunately) the guacamole.  I'm not even that picky about guac, but theirs had a very odd consistency and was not particularly creamy or avocado-y.  Green and kind of gelatinously gloppy and just weird.  Please do yourself a favor and order the wings or nachos or pizzas instead!

But honestly with a patio that cute this place could be serving dust for food and I'd still frequent.
A solid neighborhood bar with good local draft selection and food.  We stopped in while in the neighborhood for a show.  A short walk from the Girard subway stop this bar tucked away on a neighborhood street is a good getaway with a back partially-covered patio.  We started with guacamole & chips which was very tasty and a very nice serving for $7.  Not often that you need more chips to go with your order of guacamole, know what I mean...

For dinner my wife had the lamb burger topped with feta cheese, tzatziki, and olive tapenade.  It was really great and I'd probably order it next time minus the olive...why you gotta go mess up a perfect burger?  But the wife liked it and I'm sure many others.  I had the shrimp tacos which were just okay.  The chipotle aioli wasn't very spicy and they were way too heavily breaded.  I had to douse them in hot sauce and limes to get some flavor.  The highlight of the trip to me and what will probably get me back is the mexican corn on the cob with cilantro-lime mayo and cotija cheese.  One of my favorite things in the world and they do it right here.  Love it.  

All in all a good find with good a good beer selection, laidback vibe, great service, and pretty good food.
This place is awesome. Rocking little authentic neighborhood tavern that's a must-visit if you're in Philly. Very unique atmosphere of locals and foodies that come for the expansive menu and localized fare, such as the Fishtown Iced Tea. If you want to try some wholly original dishes, order the brisket or alligator Mac 'n cheese. The gator chili con queso are also so on point. The staff was friendly and the tacos and wings were also delicious. Highly recommended A+.
First time here last weekend - really great! The queso, rice & beans, corn on the cob...all not to be missed. The staff were friendly and the rock'n'roll was rockin'.
Quite impressed with the lamb burger! I can't wait to come back here for brunch some day... I'm in need of an excellent breakfast spot in my hood and I haven't found one yet.
The shrimp po boy was one of the best sandwiches I ever had and Amanda, our waitress, was friendly, attentive and made my wife and I feel completely at home. 
My wife (who usually isn't a burger person) really liked the burger. I've never seen her huff one down so rapidly. We pretty much liked everything about this place ... I was also very happy to see they had the 76ers on - so they're not anti-sports, like some other places in the area.   

We needed someplace new, so I'm glad we live just one exit up on 95, because this is a spot we'll definitely hit up again and again.
Great dive bar - reasonable prices, friendly service and laidback vibes/music. We came here for brunch to avoid the waits and high brunch prices for mediocre food. The fried chicken on eggs benedict was very tasty, and they had some bloody mary/ other brunch drink specials too. Not often that I see happy hour prices for brunch beverages. A neighborhood gem.
Cool dive bar in Fishtown! (Guy Fieri where you at?!??!) Interstate Drafthouse is cozy in size but the drinks and food pack a punch of booze and flavor. 

Their play on the Long Island Ice Tea is fun, served in an ice tea carton and renamed the Fishtown Iced tea. The food is elevated from your usual bar food. During my visit I tasted both the grilled chicken sandwich with fries and the burger with tots. The grilled chicken sandwich was my fave, served on ciabatta with cheese, chipotle aioli, bacon, onions and avocado - an absolute perfect bite. The burger featured a cherry pepper that sort of reminded me of a cheesesteak, but better. 

Can't wait to try brunch!
Overall, mostly terrible. Went on a tuesday for taco tuesday, tacos were tiny and underfilled. "Fishtown Ice Tea" just tasted like sour mix. Staff was smarmy, even for no libs. Loaded with loud hipsters. Saving grace is their cubano, step up your game guys!
Interesting place. I drove up and it really looks like a rundown liquor store from the outside. Not that this is bad. Just saying that you are in the right spot if you can find that. They were super friendly when I said that I had a dog and they came out to let me in the back gate. The outside seating is nice with a lot from which to choose. The fish tacos were not bad, but needed a little more flavor. The oyster po boy, well, it lacked a lot. Nothing about it was really a po boy. If I go back I wouldn't get it. We shared an order of fried pickles too. I always forget that friend pickles in PA are a beer battered chip instead of the typical southern fried chip that is not so heavily battered. They are ok. Just not my preferred fried pickle style.

They have a fun beer selection. I would go back to try some other dishes and beer.
Great spot. Happy Hour is long (til 7) and really great with progressive prices (drinks/food for either 2, 3, or 4).
During Happy Hour but for dinner I had the Mexican Corn on the Cob ($2) and Chicken taco ($2 for 1) and both were good. Neither blew me away but the meat in the taco was nice and tender. They also have a good selection of beer not as big as some but pretty interesting. Also tried the fries and the sweet potato fries were great, not my usual style as they were thick but they pulled it off.
Good place for gluten-free food as they use a lot of corn bases. Also nice outdoor shaded seating.
This is certainly a 5000% improvement upon Moe's.  That said, I will echo the sentiment of others that there's not really much of a reason to go here, given all of the other similarly themed/styled restaurants within walking distance.  

The food was decent.  I had a burger and my wife had the seitan tips.  Burger was fine, nothing exceptional, but totally fine.  My wife loved the seitan tips.  My main quip with the food is two-fold.  They present everything as if they're a tapas restaurant.  In other words, burgers and entrees don't come with sides (not even fries with the burgers!!) and they just bring everything out as its ready.  You can't serve a burger without fries.  And its not tapas food.  They should time the plates and orders out so everything comes out at once, the same way every other restaurant in the history of restaurants has done.  

Its cleaned up from Moe's, but the decor is uninspired.  Fake vintage signs, that just sort of looks Walmart-y.  In summary, its a totally acceptable bar with pretty good food, but lacking in any real identity or character.
Updating my review after trying the alligator Mac 'n cheese. Get this! It's outstanding!
Great beer and drinks, decent service, disgusting food. I was so excited to come here, but the multitude of hair in my food was a let down, obviously. I ordered the fried pickles, among other things. However, I ate two of the fried pickles and continually pulled blonde hair out of my mouth that was in the batter. Unfortunately, I will never return because it completely skeeved me out. I wanted to like it, but that's just too much for anyone to handle.
Midway through a day drinking spree on Saturday one of my friends suggested that we make a stop at interstate Draft House - I'm glad they did!  This place is deceptively small looking from the outside, but inside they have a lot of tables and outside they have a really nice courtyard.  That's where we ended up sitting.  It wasn't exactly "outside" weather that day either, but the waitstaff at IDH made it very comfortable for us.  The umbrellas that they have are larger than the tables, so it shielded us from the light rain.  They set up heat lamps next to us, so the temperature was just right.  

We ordered some Fishtown iced teas!!  What a cool idea. It's a Long Island iced tea but in a paper Arctic Blast iced tea carton, opened up and used as a glass.  Yummy and cool.  I am always a sucker for cool packaging.  These are deceptively alcoholic as well - the sugar really masks the taste of all that booze.  I ordered nachos which were pretty good too.  They have lots of vegetarian options on the menu. 

The service here was particularly outstanding.  Our server was totally on point, knowledgeable, friendly, and cool.  I will definitely be returning here  for food and drinks.
This place is great for what it is. A little pocket bar with a great beer selection, friendly servers/bartenders, good/cheap bar food, specials and the relaxing atmosphere.

Tuesday nights at Interstate have become a staple in my life for the $3 draft specials and the great menu selection. I think this is the best bar menu around for the price. The beef chili and the cubano sandwich are my favorite! Oh and if you get french fries, make sure you ask for the aioli sauce :)
Great bar in Fishtown and you can tell that they're really trying to serve unique and tasty menu items. I ordered a spinach, mushroom and goat cheese quesadilla and the friends I was with ordered honey glazed wings, burgers, and chorizo flatbreads. Everything was great and a refreshing change of pace from the tired Applebee's and Olive Garden type standard restaurant food. 

Interstate has a great atmosphere with nostalgia on the walls, cozy tables, and low lighting. Don't forget to order a Fishtown iced tea.
I walked in here wanting to absolutely love this place, and left rather disappointed. I truly feel if they want to stand out among the other fantastic beer-bars in the area (Memphis, Kraftwork, JBs) they are truly going to need to step it up. 

Beer - an average sized list of good micro brews that you can get elsewhere, but nowhere near the options that are offered at other establishments within a five min walk. Also - no real high or low end offerings. I like a place where you can take $15 a beer friends to mingle with $2 beer friends. Everything here was $4.50-7. Choices my friend! A lack of beer freedom is undamnamerican!! Heh. 

Food - The seitan tips were absolutely perfect. Spiced right, succulent, alios sauce delicious - I will be back for this. However the lack of side with said food is annoying. I ordered a broccoli rabe and the fry trio to compliment the tips. The greens were a hit, the fries were one out of three. Potato, plantain, and sweet potato.  The potato were absolutely dry and only edible when soaked in one of the dipping sauces provided. How can you butcher such a simple thing? The plantain were wormlike. Slimy. Greasy. Foul tasting. I couldn't eat more than one. The sweet potato fries were a bit overdone but after the other two disgraces were welcomed. 

Location - neighborhood bar setting with a mid to upscale palate. Parking is a premium, so I don't expect this to be an out-of-towners pilgrimage destination. 

Overall I was left with a literal bad taste in my mouth. I guess for mid-range prices I expect fresh, delicious food. I will return for the seitan - but that is all. 

I hope to hear stories of improvement. I'd love to see success for them.
My go to place in Fishtown for dinner, and there's a ton of places to hit up, but Interstate Drafthouse is #1. Service is always great and attentive.  They have a ton of beer selections, and specialty drinks to choose from.

Appetizers you have to try their Fried Pickles Chips, that curry ketchup compliments it so good.  A lot of places do the fried pickles, but nobody can match these ones.

Some of my recommended menu items would be the cubano, ancho honey wings, and their pork carnitas are awesome.  But hands down the BEST item is their lamb burger.  Holy shiii... get it medium rare, feta cheese, tzatziki & olive tapenade are just killer with it.  It's one of the top 3 things I've ever ate in my life.  Nothing in Fishtown, or Philly compare to this guy, it's that good.
I had dinner here last week with friends and had really high hopes, but it just didn't do it for me. I had the brisket sandwich, which the menu described as having a spicy Carolina BBQ sauce, colby jack cheese, and cole slaw. I'm not entirely sure there was any sauce present as this was probably the driest brisket I remember having. It wasn't particularly tender either. The fries were pretty standard.

My friend ordered a burger which came out very raw despite being ordered medium-rare. The waitress did take it back, but then returned with what was basically a hockey puck. My friend made a comment about it being way overdone but the waitress sort of just smiled and walked away, so apparently that wasn't too much of a concern. 

I did enjoy the buffalo fried cauliflower that we shared, but I don't know that that alone is worth a return trip.
There is absolutely nothing I can say that is wrong with this bar. The food is great, the pricing is great, the drinks are always perfect and the service is beyond great! Always feel comfortable going in, its always a good crowd and the staff is always soooo nice. Also, every time I go there the food is better and better and they have some great additions to the menu or a new drink at the bar. Def try the Chili mac and cheese or the chicken tenders.Although it is never empty, there is always somewhere to sit that is comfortable with no wait. I wish I could give more than 5 stars!
My friends and I traveled up to good ol fishtown for a restaurant my buddy started working at. I was def impressed! Though i didn't drink, the mimosa looked (and tasted) super fresh and the coffee was perfect. I enjoyed my brunch immensly, and  can't wait to go back again for the choriza gravy over a biscuit.

I devoured the eggs benedict over boneless fried chicken over fried polenta. i licked my plate clean cuz i'm a piggy. My friends loved their burgers and the staff is  very friendly. I wish places like this would open near me in south philly. Its time to give royal tavern and sabrinas some beer friendly competeters. that are in walkking distance to my house in pennsport.
Not anything bad enough to keep me from never returning, but not a place I'd go out of my way for either.  I just happened to be in the area this afternoon and decided to stop by for lunch around 12:30.  

The outdoor patio in the shade with all the trees makes you feel like you're in Florida, so I kinda like that.

The Fishtown iced teas are pretty damn good, I'll give them that.  A little pricey, but worth it, considering the sheer amount of alcohol in the drink.  Served in the Arctic Splash cardboard containers from childhood, it's not overly sweet or strong and super refreshing - just perfect on a hot summer's day.  Draft beer list seems to be pretty expansive and unique and they have decent happy hour specials like $2 Tecates.

But the food is a hit or miss.  I've only been here twice, so it's hard to fully judge until I've tried an actual dinner instead of just day drinking grub.  With that said, my BF ordered the burger and while the burger was decent (he liked the truffle mayo with the cherry peppers), the fries were SO overly fried and tough, they were inedible.  

I ordered the black bean nachos with the addition of chili (which was on their "brunch" menu - should've been an indicator) and while they were EFFING GIGANTIC (seriously - piled in a mountain on a wooden cutting board with a hole in the corner like some hipster fuckery), they were so salty and messy, I could barely put a dent in them.

I love a good messy nacho, but there needs to be a balance of fresh ingredients and cheese - blank space, so to speak.  The just-okay, too salty chili with random chunks of sausage were just dumped on the chips with a tiny bit of guac, sour cream and pico off to the side.  Which would have been workable if the chips themselves were good.  But they were: A) stale and B) SO salty I couldn't eat them - you could see they were coated in sea salt.  

Waaayy too heavy, fam.  Way too heavy.

I love the Fishtown iced tea and some of the menu items like gator seem enticing, so perhaps I'll return and try something else.  For now, though, a good place to drink and that's about it.
This place came highly recommended by some friends.  Walking in to a narrow divey bar with Christmas lights up in June, I was a bit surprised by their recommendation until I ordered the food.  The black bean nachos were great, the cornmeal crusted shrimp tacos were to die for, and the Mexican corn on the cob was a life changing experience.  Pair it with one of their vast selections of draft beers and all at very reasonable prices.  They have a nice little outdoor patio section as well.  Will definitely be going back to this gem again and again!
This is a cool little place. We went last night for dinner with a few friends. Let's start with the bad though. The place is tight! It was a Saturday so it was daily crowded. The place is also very dark, no real draft menu. It's written on a chalk board, which is located in a bad spot. The menu on website is not the same in restaurant, that was a bit of a bummer.

The good is the food. So four of us went and we all got something different. We started with the wings, fried pickles and poutine fries. All were very very good. The pickles were excellent but you only get a few slices in an order. As for entrees, my wife had a salad and I had the brisket sandwich. My wife enjoyed her salad, was missing the pecans but she overlooked. I thought the brisket was good, but it was very greasy and heavy. Not really what I expected but still good. Our friends ordered the burgers, one regular burger and one one special. The one on special was great they said, it had pastrami and bacon on it. He was loving it. The fries were also hand cut and very good.

We ordered a few rounds of drinks, Fishtown iced tea, was good so were the draft beers. Bloody Mary wasn't as good as expected. All in all I think we'll be back.
Wow.  The best seitan I've had in a long time, and it's actually in my neighborhood?  The garlic brussels sprouts were as good as my own, and that's saying a lot.  Our server was friendly.  Also, I'm happy about the unisex bathrooms.  I just don't get it when single stall restrooms are designated by gender in this day and age.  Glad you're hear IDH.  Please keep the vegetarian options on the menu.
If my phone would let me I'd rate this a 4.5
Our server was extremely friendly and knew her craft beer. The tap selection was perfect for the beer enthusiast. The aesthetics of the bar are that of what once was a dive bar, with its old wood design and stickers and posters everywhere. (Check out the rare DUEL movie poster in the restroom!)
Besides having a wide variety of local and national craft beer on tap, the food is outstanding! All of it is made in house and the recipes are unique. I had both the Pablo encrusted fingers and the honey wings. My friends had the alligator po boy. 
All that is missing to make this a perfect 5 is the narrow bar itself. There's barely any room between the bar stools and the tables behind them.
Interstate Draft House opened up a few months back when it was still hot and sticky outside and let me tell you, Palmer Street couldn't be happier!  The service is fantastic. The beers are delicious. The food is not your average pub fare in the best way possible and the owners are both knowledgeable, sweet, attentive, and excellent at shooting the shit.  My only hope is that they will put more Lact-tard friendly items on the menu (less dairy please! I am so allergic).
I really enjoy this little spot. The service is solid and I really dig the back porch/ courtyard area. I must say the burgers are great. I'm a huge fan of the peppers they add. You also can't beat the cheap beer options. It's worth a check out if your in the area.
This is a hidden gem in Philly. Very small inside and there was no one in the place when we went in around dinner time. The food was delicious! We had the pulled pork and chicken po boy. It literally came out of the kitchen 5 minutes after we ordered. Beer selection was good too!
I get my hair cut right around the corner from here. My wife and I pass it all the time also when we bring our kids to the Rec. I stopped one day after work and waited a while to get service. Asked the bartender what he recommended on the menu and he simply waved his hand at everything and gave no specifics at all. I finally decided to go with a burger. When it arrived and I took my first bite, I knew it was well done and not medium like I ordered.... Not very tasty, kinda bland. Since I was watching the eagles pre season game sat there for nearly 15 minutes with a empty beer can.... I had to flag down the bartender in order to get another beer. And even then he didn't even bother to ask how my burger was. I gotta say I'm glad I didn't go on a date to check this out with my wife would have been a waste. Should have gone with my first instinct and gone around the corner to Kraftwerk.
Digging that I live right across the street from this place.  Had the seitan tips and they were very good.

Suggest some type of "buffalo" version of seitan.  It'll be a huge hit guys, just do it.  It's one thing every vegetarian person will probably order, and if it's good they will keep coming back, I promise!
I've lived in Fishtown for a while now and Interstate is definitely one of my top three favorite places to eat. The servers are always so helpful and friendly and the food is amazing! Among my favorites- TACO NIGHT! - Tuesday nights, dollar tacos, and they're SO good. Also, the cauliflower appetizer, mac and cheese, and panko crusted chicken fingers. Oh and the Brussels sprouts! Really- anything you get is going to be good. They have a great beer list too.
Dropped in on a Friday evening.  Two of us were quickly seated.  They have a nice big outdoor area but we came by on a HOT night and the AC was blasting inside so we stayed in.  Nice, chill atmosphere.  Dim lights, beer signs everywhere and a vague car/"interstate" theme.  (I-95 and I-76 signs up, pictures of cars in the bathrooms, etc.)

A couple Philly Brewing Co. beers were only $3.25 (Kenzinger and Philly pale ale... I guess proximity wins you a discount.)  The beer selection otherwise looked very decent but pricy.  After $3.25 the next cheapest beer was $5.50 upwards to $9.  I guess the average price was somewhere in the $5.50 to $6.50, but still... no options between $3 and $5.50?  We stuck with Philly pale ale at $3.25.

We tried the fried pickles and their fish taco of the day, which I believed was fried cod.  The fried pickles were tasty, especially the dipping sauce that came with them.  To nitpick, the fried batter was like a hard shell and the pickles would just fall from them after you took a bite.  But the batter was tasty.  I felt this dish was a bit pricy.  At $7 you only get about 7 pickles.  $1 per pickle slice?

The fish tacos were tasty.  You get three with 2 lime wedges.  They came with salsa verde and shredded cabbage on top.  The cabbage actually made the taco because it provided a nice crunch.  The verde was okay, but I was not getting enough flavor so I added some hot sauce.  (They give you a nice selection of condiments when you are eating.)  At the end the fried cod was getting a bit mushy.  Not the best fish tacos I've ever had, but not too bad either!  This plate was $10, again, possibly overpriced a hair?????  But I'm comparing them to the cheap South Philly Mexican spots.

In the end, service was fast and friendly and we liked the atmosphere.  I would definitely come back to have beers and try more food.  The happy hour specials also looked worth a try.
Moe's met its untimely death in favor of Fishtown's newest foray into Brooklyn-style hipsterdom. We decided to check it out on a weekday for dinner and a few beers to see how it measured up to others in the area.

Beer list fairly priced and included both local favorites (the Yards and PBC draughts were very inexpensive) and some options from other areas as well (Ommegang, Abita). They had about 8-10 draughts, something for everyone. We also happily noticed that at the bar enjoying said beers were 20- and 30-somethings as well as Fishtown originals enjoying Moe's facelift.

The food definitely left something to be desired. Most everything is served without any sides, so if you want fries or a vegetable it has to be ordered separately. We went with the black bean nachos and filet tips. The nachos were fine although lacking the appropriate amount of cheese (I take nachos very seriously, obviously). The portion also isn't enormous. The filet tips were the most confusing part of the meal - served in a tortilla bowl (?) alongside aioli and a few flour tortillas (??). I was very unclear about what the intended eating situation was - make tacos? Is the aioli for the steak or the tortillas? Or both? None of it complimented each other at all. The tips themselves were good but nothing special. They would have gone better with some fries or a vegetable.

I would probably go back just to drink if I was in the neighborhood but would skip the food. It definitely isn't going to become a destination. Also, at this point in time they do not take credit cards which i think is ridiculous for a place with most beers in the above $5 range and most food above the $12 range.
Beer: with the disclaimer that I'm a beer snob, I'll say the selection here significantly smaller than a number of other good beer bars in Philly. That said...

Food: a (mostly) vegan friend of mine brought me to try this place, and though I am not at all vegan, I trust his judgment on food and he told me I absolutely had to try the seitan tips.  And believe me, they were FANTASTIC.  I'll be coming back for them!

There was also a special on tacos, still going on even though it was definitely past happy hour(s).  Can't recall what was in them, but they were delicious too.
it's got gator in fishtown. and beer. what else do you need? True, it's a little frightening when Starr sells beer cheaper down the street, but not paying for valet parking for your bimmer means you still come out ahead in the long-run. 
Second visit is tonight so I may have  more to say shortly. Stay tuned.
I think this place is really great. I guess it's kinda similar to Johnny Brenda's and Kraftwork because it has a nice beer selection and it's in the same neighborhood, but this place is infinitely better than those places. Hands down. The happy hour is really great (4-7 tuesday-saturday i think??) and the people who work there are very nice and do a damn fine job recommending things. Also, like everyone else, I gotta say that those honey ancho seitan wings are super great and amazing. This is a top-notch spot and I'm super stoked on patronizing it in the future!!
Crabcake big, big enough it didn't need the brioche. And enough crab.  You can't have too much crab, but you can have not enough.  This had enough. Roasted beets were fantastic, with their candied walnuts and blue cheese.  The mushroom and goat cheese quesidilla was really good, with the quesidilla itself done perfectly, not too brittle, not too soft.  The fried sweet potatoes were really the best I've had so far. Very light, very crispy on the outside, and very sweet inside.  One punkin beer, and one cider.  Total bill with 20% tip was $51.00.  A bargain as far as I'm concerned.
The outside seating was a very nice surprise we took advantage of, but it sure seemed roomy enough inside. 
Really a nice addition to the neighborhood.
My beer buddy and I took a stroll here last night and what a night we had. Great selection of beers on tap and plenty of choices on the menu. We tried blackened string beans, pork tacos and black bean nachos. Everything was delicious. We will certainly be back.
I was supposed to meet friends for a birthday party at Frankford Hall last night, but thanks to a 40 MINUTE WAIT!! ended up at IDH instead. Talk about luck, because this place was great. I remember going to Moe's a few times to buy a 6-pack, and the people at IDH totally revamped the space. 

It wasn't crowded inside and the outdoor area was awesome. The lighting was perfect, and there was a lot of seating. 

Solid beer selection. They had a good balance of saisons, IPAs and others that everyone found what they wanted. Priced between 5-7$, so that was also standard. I was really impressed with the list, and kept throwing back Southern Tier all night long. 

The food was the best part. Nachos for $3 were pretty big (and came with guacamole!) and arrived fast. I also had the chicken tacos, which were baller. Fiance had a veggie burger (good, but not the best that she's had) and polenta fries. The polenta fries were great, and came with this aoli dipping sauce. Some friends had the wings (really tender) and other tacos. 

I was really impressed with this bar. I live in South Philly, and I would definitely travel to Fishtown for this bar. That's saying A LOT because I hate going out all over town.
My friend and I were going to grab a quick bite for dinner at kraftworks, but there was no parking near there so we had to park a couple blocks down around the corner and parked right in front of the interstate draft house. I'd always wanted to try it there and it was a nice night out so we decided to take advantage of the nice outdoor seating area. Prices are very reasonable especially with $2 tecate cans during happy hour. Here's a Texas tip: ask for a chilled glass with a salt rim and lime and pour your beer in to that... It's my fav way to drink Mexican beer. 
For food we started with the fried pickles which were a little overbreaded for my taste but my friend loved them! So I think it's just a preference thing. I had the beet salad w/ seitan on top and my friend had the grilled filet tips both were delicious!

Next time I am definitely ordering a fishtown iced tea since they seemed to be the drink of choice at a large party table near us.
Hands down-my favorite place for veg eating in Fishtown these days.  The staff is so nice, the place is comfy, I love it there.
LOVE the beer selection.. LOVE the food selection.

This place is VERY Chill, which we love.. a GREAT Spot to watch a game.. or chill on the deck with a brew, and enjoy the weather.

Friendly, nice neighborhood spot. The Food is legit too. Go here, get a Prism, Sly Fox, Victory, Troeg's, Yards or something else good.

GREAT Bloody Marys too
Interstate is on Palmer, a quiet street off Girard and once must have been the corner bar of this particular section of Fishtown. For its cramped square-footage, the place seems spacious with three areas: bar, restaurant, and outdoor patio. 

The enclosed patio was welcome oasis from the usual way restaurants do it- tables by the curb where diners enjoy the outdoor air mixed with car exhaust. 

The beer list had an interesting selection (translation: I hadn't heard of most of them). The service at the bar was fine and not crowded being 8pm on a Saturday night. My impression is that this bar is a good option among the many in the area. And one that is probably less known than its other sibling bars dotted along Girard Avenue.
In comparison to many of the other bars in the area, Kraftwork in particular, the portions are too small for the price. For $12 I only get a sandwich and no fries, or even chips for that matter-what gives? Go to a place such as the American Sardine Bar, and your sandwich-$10-will more than fill you up. At the Interstate Draft House, a sandwich will only leave you hungry, which isn't good. I also noticed that the prices of some of the beer increased as the night wore on. Why did the Moylan's IPA and the Bluepoint IPA jump 75 cents from the time we entered the bar?!? Needless to say, I was not impressed.
Excellent! Went here because every other place in the area had a ridiculously long wait. It was a pleasant surprise! Very well priced, food is great, and the service was awesome. We had the chicken mole tacos, which were very flavorful but a little dry, and the burger. Burger came with jalapeos and was PERFECT. Would definitely go back.
The food is good, and the atmosphere is hit or miss. The staff are not the friendliest, often spending more time on their cell phones (texting) or hanging out at the bar with each other in between waiting on you. If you are not in a hurry, this place is for you! They have great drink specials (Fishtown Ice Teas are my favorite). Their guacamole is the bomb! My boyfriend is always impressed by their beer selection.
A hidden gem. Walking by I definitely was skeptical of this location. However I walked in and found a goldmine; delicious well priced food and great drinks. They also have brunch on sundays. I walked in and there was no wait! I am eager to see the outside area during the warmer months.
alligator nachos & a couple arctic splash LITs -- WOW.
great way to spend a friday night. can't wait to do it again!
We stopped in for beers after hearing about this bar.  I was excited to learn that they allow well behaved dogs on their outside patio :) Gotta love dog friendly places!  Of course you want to bring your dog to drink beer!  Now, I just need adopt a dog or borrow one from someone!  

Interstate Drafthouse has a great beer selection on tap.  Lots of options for $3 happy hour drafts, so we will have to go back for that!  I read that tuesdays are taco night so I will have to try that sometime too.

Vegetarian options... Score!  Setian wings were awesome albeit quite spicy! When I need my wings fix I will be back!  They were about medium hot - so be ready for some heat.  Hubby had the cubano sandwich and no complaints there.  Sweet potato fries were a great choice.  The fries are served with ketchup that had a bbq flavoring to it, which went really well together.  

For good beer and food, stop in here!
I'm such a sucker for nachos and high-alcohol content drinks that put you on your face after 2.5 of them.. Also for late night drunken munchies, relaxing patio dinners and smorgasbords of yummy, flavorful, cheesy, grilly treats such as the ones served at Interstate. This place feels like home! I've indulged countless times and will continue to do so. 
To make this more official, service and food has always been spot-on. The last time I went it was very humid outside and as soon as the food came, I got ambushed by waiting Mosquitos. 3 staffers helped me rush inside with the collection of drinks and food items my son and I had accumulated and settled us where it was safe. If I had one criticism, it would have to be the late night bartender who looks like Christina Ricci- she could be a little warmer.
I've been there alone, with wife, with son and I've taken my young daughter a few times. One time, we all were there together! Every time was a good time.

I've pretty much given up on JB's, Kraftwork is good. Loco Pez is too expensive for street style tacos. Interstate hits the nail on the head!

The wings rock, good fries, good fish, nice tacos (they need to double up the corn tortillas though). Good beer list to boot although I usually just get a Penn Pale Ale.

Basically, if your looking for no pretensions, no I'm too cool for the normal people scene (I'm looking at you JB's), then this place should merit a visit. 

Trust me, you'll be back.
Looks like a dive bar ...and it is.  Seiten strips are INCREDIBLE though -some of the best food I've had in a bar.  But the beer selection is limited.  I appreciate all-American beers, but *8* frickin IPAs plus a couple of pale ales and  *SNORE*.  Hey, guess what?  American brewers have grown beyond that.  Look, when Bud tries to break into the "craft" market, what will they produce?  A frickin' IPA.  Allagash *white*???  Sigh.  It's available at 25 bars on PhillyTapFinder.com.  BORING!  How about Allagash Curieux?  You should have bought 5 of them suckers to have throughout the year.
The seiten tips made it worth the trip, but I left to go to kraftwork to get my beer on.  Bummer.
-----
UPDATE:
I've been back several times and giving them another star.  The beer list has been better, but also: I have to say that the food is really good.  There is a nice outdoor seating area in the back too.  :)
Was looking for a new happy hour to try and had this recommended to me. When I arrived I was disappointed. Nothing wrong with the decor, but the place was empty other than the lovely bartender and a very drunk young man at the bar.  I was meeting my wife after work, so I decided to have a glass of beer and planned to skedaddle when my lady showed up.  
Bartender was very knowledgeable about the beer selection, gave me a few tastes before I selected a pint. She then brought another few tasters over of other beers she thought I would like.
By the time my wife made it to the place, it was beginning to fill up (and the drunk had been carted home by his girlfriend). We were pretty hungry so we decided to have an appetizer.  The honey ancho seitan "wings" were so delicious we declared we would never eat buffalo wings again.  We decided to stay and ordered the chicken tacos - excellent as well. 
Friendly crowd, great customer service, low happy hour prices (!).  This is definitely one to visit again.
Great food, great service, great beer. All the necessary qualifications for a quality bar experience. And an outdoor patio to boot.
Great little brunch spot! I have eaten dinner here before too, but yesterday I had brunch for the first time. Their beermosas were huge and delicious (made with Merry Monks yesterday) for just $4. All of the entrees were really reasonably priced too. The bacon was my favorite - really thick and smoky, what I like to call butcher bacon, as opposed to the thin wimpy bacon prepacked at the supermarket. This place looks little from the outside, but has a big patio out back. Fortunately half of it is under a tent, because it rained while we were out there. Under the tent there are also beds of herbs, which I imagine they use in their food. Love that! Our server was super friendly and brunch for 2 with 2 drinks each topped off at just $35!
Love this place. 
Come between 4-6pm for some cheap ass finger food. 

AMAZING seitan wings. That sauce is good enough to lick off someone's fingers. Or your own. Whichever is more appropriate. 

The fried pickles are awesome and then the curry ketchup. Jesus. Ask for curry ketchup on the side of anything you order. So worth it. Trust me. Seriously, you will rave about it. 

I've had several sandwiches. The best hands down is the lamb burger. That thing is awesome. Really meaty, savory, and the sauce is amazing. 

Conclusion: saucegasm. 

Only caveat: Their fries absolutely are terrible. Like horrible. Undercooked. I don't understand how they don't catch this. Consistently bad. 7-8 times in a row undercooked and awful. Don't get sweet potato fries. Same issue. Ask for a different side or complain until they get it right because this place is ridiculously good and the fries are completely fixable.
Walked by this place randomly and decided to check it out. They had a quaint little back patio that was great during this time of year. The beer selection was a nice variety. I definitely recommend the brisket sandwich, it was spectacular!
Interstate Draft House is a great place. No attitudes or pretentiousness makes for an enjoyable place to grab a bite and a brew.

They always have a pretty great lineup on draft. The backyard space is cozy, yet comfortable. Their menu is imaginative without getting too far out. I got the cheeseburger tonight and it was absolutely fabulous with spicy peppers and truffle mayo. Very messy, but worth every bite. I've also had the wings and tacos which are definitely awesome considering other places will give you something not as tasty and more expensive. Also, Interstate is home to the famous Fishtown Iced Tea - basically a long island ice tea served in an Arctic Splash container. Love it!

Service is very nice and very fast. I have never had a single problem here. I just moved a couple blocks away, so I can tell I'll be in a lot more often.
One of my favorite Fishtown neighborhood bars. They have a nice rotating list of craft beers on tap; many of which are $3 during happy hour. The drink to get here is the Fishtown Iced Tea which is essentially a Long Island in an Arctic Splash carton. A couple of those will surely put you on your butt. 

Their menu has been changing a bit lately, in some respects for the better and some not so much. A consistent favorite of mine is the Grilled Chicken Panini with avocado and bacon. On most days the fish tacos are also a good choice. 

When the weather is right, the outside patio is one of my favorite places in Fishtown to grab drinks and talk with friends. 

Taco Tuesdays here are often very popular but note that the tacos aren't very big so you might want to grab a few if you're hungry.
Interstate is favorite bar in Fishtown, hands down.  It's the perfect mix of chill, high quality beer at good prices, and tasty food for when you've downed a few and have some munchies. 

From the outside you might not expect much.  Inside, you're greeted with a narrow walkway lined with bar stools and a seated section with some tables in the back.  The atmosphere is low-key and cozy, but really lightens up to a loud hangout when it's packed with locals.  Great music, including a jukebox to fulfill your jam requests.

As I mentioned before, Interstate has a great selection of draft beers from local and more well-known breweries.  There are usually a few Belgians on tap, which I always like, as well as the usual local stuff like Victory and Dogfish Head.  Most beers are around $5-6 so they won't break the bank, but some higher alcohol brews might run you an extra dollar or two.

I really appreciate Interstate's food.  Frankly, it's pub-food and there's better out there.  But the price is right (sandwiches $8-$10) and they've got a great selection of vegetarian/vegan alternatives.  Their seitan cheesesteak is actually my favorite item on the menu, even as a meat eater!  The seitan tips are also killer.  Fried pickle chips are an excellent app, but the portion is a little small so don't expect a filling plate.  Beware of the dollar tacos though, they're pretty disappointing.

Service is a little spotty but I haven't had many problems.  If you have a table near the bar and it's busy, good luck getting the bartender's attention.  But if you get a table in the back, waiters are attentive and kind.  It's not the kind of place where complaints about service matter too much because everyone's part of a similar young, hip crowd.

I've brought a number of friends here who had never been.  After every visit, each person said they loved Interstate and would be back... often.  It's a definite beer first, food second place, but it's the kind of great neighborhood place that will keep you coming back.
