I think I found a new favorite! Delicious food  friendly staff  clean restaurant  inexpensive prices . We came here on a Saturday evening and there were probably 3 tables occupied. The restaurant is calm and clean and I'd say of medium size.

We asked our waitress for recommendations and thankfully she recommended exactly what we were looking at. We ordered a large beef pho deluxe #36 on their menu. We got our without the tripe and they were nice enough to let us get more of one of the other meats. The large pho sets you back $10.95. Let me tell you this portion is huge and they do not skimp on the meats at all like most places do. Our pho was delicious and more then enough for two people.

We also order the Com Bo Luc Lac #74 on their menu. The cubed beef sirloin was cooked perfectly and oh so tasty! The manager came by and chatted with us a bit. Our bill for both items was $23 which is amazing for the amount and quality of food we got. Can't wait to go back, definitely a neighborhood favorite!!
The Pho here was quite delicious.  The Pho broth was well made and very flavorful. The Pho comes in small ($9.95), medium ($10.95) and large ($12.95). I shared a large bowl of Pho and it was more than enough for the two of us. The bowl was huge! Definitely go with the large if you have the option to share with someone. 

I also ordered the summer rolls, which were nicely wrapped in rice paper with fresh ingredients. I liked the accompanying peanut sauce too. 

The interior was clean and spacious. Service was fast and efficient. The food is good, prices are great, and portion sizes are awesome. I would definitely eat here again if in the area.
Went here for dinner on opening day and was SO HAPPY I DID!! Great atmosphere, lovely staff, and food on fleek!! Green tea (PHO PHREE) was so satisfying, summer rolls and spicy peanut sauce were DELISH, and pho was PHONOMENAL! Definitely making this one of my regular hot spotz as I eat my way through Fairmount!
It's a total shame !!!!!
I wanted to absolutely love this place since I'm a TOTAL pho addict!!!!
I go to the wonderful Vietnam Palace in China Town a few times a week,  so much so that they don't even give us a menu anymore. They just say hi & bring us our regular order.
Regrettably iPho Fairmount couldn't hold a candle to Vietnam Palace...
If it were as good I'd probably eat there daily since its around the corner & wouldn't have to deal with the nightmare of China Town parking.
Despite the fact that our server was amazingly good looking the eye candy couldn't make up for the flavorless, bland food...
If I had a dollar for the amount of times I've said "Fairmount needs a Pho place" I'd be retired, unfortunately this place was not what any of us have been hoping for in our neighborhood...
The Pho broth tasted oily & the noodles mushy & had the consistency of a glue stick - just blaaaaaah!!!!
They "forgot" to bring us bean sprouts, jalapeño, mint leaves, lime etc for our pho... Aaaaaawwww!
I think the team from iPho needs to go eat at Vietnam Palace & take a "mint leave" outta their book!!!!
I genuinely hope iPho gets it together it would be fantastic for Fairmount!!!
I would have given my first visit one star but giving an extra star for our good looking waiter!
We went last night (second night of the place being open). Food was fantastic. Ignore the negative posters on here who have nothing better to do than denigrate a restaurant because they don't understand the concept of brand new restaurants figuring out the kinks. I'm a big pho fan and wasn't expecting too much because it's a brand new place but man, it was worth the wait. It's also byo. Hope this place stays for years and years bc pho and byo, what more do you need? Will probably go back weekly
After visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary, my boyfriend and I were a little hungry so we decided to stop by here for lunch. We each got a small pho and it filled us up just enough until dinner time!

I got rare steak with tripe and he got rare steak with meatballs. Overall we paid $18 pre-tip, not too bad for pho! However, if we weren't planning on eating dinner 4 hours later, it would not have been a big enough portion at all.

The restaurant itself is very clean and the staff are friendly and attentive. I only took one star off because I found the broth to be on the salty side.
Good place to grab some pho.
We both ordered pho and got the medium size, which was a big portion! Broth was flavorful. Tons of noodles. The flank was really fatty though.
Lots of seating. Food came out quickly. Service was friendly.
Decent place to get pho.
Well for starters the service was non existent no one came to even refill waters after being there for 30+ mins and not even the egg rolls had come out yet. I watched three tables get up and leave due to no food and messed up orders. Maybe I'll try again in a month when they figure out how service works.
Like most people who live in Fairmout, I've been waiting for a Pho restaurant to open up. Sometimes traveling to China town or to Washington Ave to hit up the usual suspects is a little too far and a hassle on its own. But thank god, we finally have a spot in our little town that's walkable and delicious. 

With that being said, I've read some of the reviews and I'm confused with all the bad ratings. Not to insult you, but if you gave this place a bad review, you are an idiot. I'm putting this place up there with some of the greats.  The quality of ingredients and the authenticity of the taste is way above your average pho, and better than your moms kitchen. 

If you get a chance stop in and see what I'm talking about!

Ps: Have fun in Niagara!
I love pho, and this place gets it right.  The broth is perfect, which seals the deal for me.  Nice place.  I'll be back for sure.
I didn't get to try their pho (it was awfully hot today) but found my meal to be pretty satisfying nonetheless. I had their Pork Banh MI, and while it was pretty different from all the other Pork BanhMis I've had at other places -- they might have used a different cut, cooked it different etc -- it was still pretty good. Our server was extra friendly, and we didn't wait long at all! Excellent and wide selection of choices on the menu. 

While I wouldn't call iPho a "Must Visit" place in Fairmount, I will say that it's a pretty good option if you're looking for Asian takeout at a decent price. I'm still raving about their Banh Mi, and will definitely come back just for that, and to try their pho. I thought the quality of the bun of my Banh Mi to be top notch, you could hear the crisp of the bread crust and feel how soft it was on the inside! The pork was well marinated, and overall very well put together. 

The only real downside with my experience this time round was that they didn't have their durian smoothie, and their avocado smoothie was ridiculously grainy. It was lacking in proper flavor, they may have put too much ice, not enough honey or sugar etc. I wouldn't recommend this smoothie at all.
Oh dear. Was so looking forward to my Friday night Bun. Sadly, it was not to be.
iPho, we were so pleased to see you land in our neighborhood. Vietnamese food! In Fairmount!  We wanted to support your arrival in Fairmount.  But we were so disappointed by the reception on our first visit, we decided to leave before ordering.
Basic customer service was seriously lacking. 101 for a restaurant host is to smile, greet the customer warmly and provide them with some helpful info (or better yet, a table!). Do not leave them flailing by the door, and then shove them on the window counter, when there is space for at least another 8 people at tables (because you haven't figured out how to separate two tables for 2).  The hostess was neither friendly, nor did she seem to have a clue.
Once seated at the window, we were told that it would be a 30 min wait to throw together a bun.  It was 9pm, so hardly dining rush hour.  And it's bun, so most of the ingredients are cold!  We cut our losses and went to the fun Japanese BBQ place on Callowhill instead.  
Ok, we get that it was opening week. Mistakes get made. It's busy.  But employ staff who have basic customer service skills and treat local customers with some courtesy, otherwise they won't come back. 
We're going to give the delivery / takeout service a go this evening.  But if that fails, we won't be returning.  Customer service really matters in a big city like Philly. There are heaps of other great places to eat that have customer service down, so if you want to compete, let alone be a loved neighborhood eatery, fix this, and quick!

UPDATE on takeout - Zero customer service on the phone either. We're going to Pho Cali in Chinatown instead - ten mins wait for takeout bun and noodle soup (they know how to run a takeout business).  We might try iPho again in a few weeks, if reviews suggest they've got their act together.
Nice little Vietnamese restaurant in Fairmount. 

Focus is clearly on Pho, and they have a variety of Bahn Mi options.

Their food was okay, nothing to really write home about. I would suggest takeout, the interior of the restaurant is really just meant to seat you, and that's it. 

Their service is great though, very friendly.
A decent place to fulfill your pho craving. My usual go-to pho places are near Washington Ave but this was not a bad place to stop by if you're in the area. They have three different pho sizes to choose from and a wide variety menu. It is slightly pricier though.

Food we got:

-Pho with rare steak (steak is small but tasted fresh)
-Vermicelli combo
-Fried srping rolls (Pretty good but if you want to try the BEST fried spring rolls, check out Vietnam Cafe in West Philadelphia).

Service: We went with a group of 16 and everyone got food at different times but overall the service wasn't bad.

Decor: Clean and more upscale compared to the pho restaurants in South Philly.
First week open and super busy.  The Pho is the best I've ever had.  So clean and healthy.  Try the grape leaf rolls.
I understand that they just opened and there can be kinks to be worked out but I still found the service to be completely unacceptable. In no way should it be ok for it to take over 45 minutes for an appetizer of spring rolls to come out and then another 20 minutes for the main dish of pho to come. It also took an additional 15 minutes just for a server to take our order to begin with, and even longer to get the check. The food itself was alright if you like poor quality fatty meat and mediocre broth. Given the circumstances I'd much rather head to Washington ave or Chinatown for far better pho and service.
I had been telling the universe for 10 yrs to open a pho place in Fairmount. Growing up on Viet food, I didn't like any of the Viet places in Chinatown and would go to Washington Ave at least once a week for a bowl of pho. iPho makes spring rolls exactly like my Aunties in VN and their pho is fantastic too. I like that they have S, M or L size bowls. Many pho places do S or L. I agree that iPho had a rocky start but many new restaurants take time to figure out their rhythm. iPho's service has improved greatly and is my new go to spot.
Best Phuckin Pho in Philly. The food was amazing, especially liked the hu tieu mi. I also really enjoyed the decor-- bright and clean. Great location.
I was so looking forward to a Pho joint in the neighborhood.

no anymore !   

Four neighbors went at different times and all had the same opinion as we did.

I know that they are new , but at this rate, they won't be around much longer.
We wanted to love it here. Waited 50 minutes and didn't get any food. All of the tables around me were without food as well. The menu looked amazing but I can't speak to the food at all. We left after hunting down a waitress to tell her. We will give it another try, because I want the restaurant to work. They just really aren't ready to be open yet.
The food here is absolutely amazing. I have yet to find something on the menu I didn't love. Will continue to go back for the food and the great people.
I really enjoyed this new pho spot on Fairmount. It's walking distance to bars, ice cream parlors and the Eastern State Penitentiary. It is a friendly and quaint neighborhood spot to meet friends or family for a filling lunch or dinner. I loved the 2 walls that had Vietnamese hats and the other wall had a painting mural of a bamboo forest. 

The prices are so reasonable and the pho bowls range from Small-Large ($7-10).  I got the large but should have gotten a small or medium because it's SO MUCH food! ONE Large bowl is good enough for 2 people to share. This pho is way better than spots in DC because it flavorful and not just a bland chicken or beef broth that was poured into a bowl with noodles and meats. I ordered the #32. I will definitely try it again on my next visit to Philly.
Have great selection of pho and taste great. The broth is tasty. Downside is the service. They don't stick to hours posted and they try to rush people out. Pho takes time to enjoy and I do not like burning my mouth. Please stick to the hours posted or change them.
Decent for Fairmount, but not as good as the places in China Town or on Washington Ave.  Also - don't get take out.... I got raw steak in a plastic bag and had to re-heat the broth until it boiled and add the steak in.  Sort of disgusting and not what I wanted to do before eating.
NEEDED TO IMPROVE!! as an international foodie. These are my honest opinions: 
1. Menu items don't match! For example, #32 and 33. If 32 comes with a small size. Then why 33 even exist says: all above the same expect for a smaller size pho. Then small 32= 33 right??? Also the 81 pic doesn't match! The pic says its avocado smoothie and in the menu it's another thing:((( 

2. Environment. Please seriously Decorate the place. Not just replacing with cheap decos. Use your heart to make this place nice. Put more cultural decos! Think more before you open. 

3. Service. The waiter doesn't even know which item is which he has to use numbers to replace. SAD... I'm sorry I don't want to be rude but he need to ask us which one we ordered... And he doesn't even know which pho is which... Please be more motivated and familiar with the menu.

4.FOOD. The most important thing. First, in a good papaya salad, the papaya should NEVER be shredded should be chopped. And shouldn't have so much watery underneath!! It's a salad not soup. The salad is badly chopped ;( don't mean to be rude here. And the color doesn't feel like exciting. I ate great papaya salad before and it has mango, red radish and shrimp and spice. It should be a colorful appetizer not watery something. 
I ordered a small delux pho and it doesn't even come with everything says in the menu:(( SAD...it's doesn't have beef meat balls which says on the menu. Also the taste. It's not bad but NOT GOOD either. It doesn't trigger appetite. I mean it's not a bad cooking pho but also not a good cooking pho. 

Please have glasses instead of plastic cups to serve. 
I may says too much negative things but I really want you guys improve. Thanks! Not mean to be mean.
The kitchen is very overwhelmed in their first couple weeks open.  The restaurant was very busy and everyone was waiting 45 minutes to an hour for food and overheard customers considering leaving.    Unfortunately, when it finally came the food was very average - nothing close to what you would get in Chinatown or Italian Market, for example.    Meat in the pho had fat that should have been trimmed off.   It might be a good idea to hold off on offering delivery and take-out until they can get the sit down restaurant part figured out.   Sad to see the big Blue Cat mural painted over with bamboo mural.  Hoping with time IPho might improve?    What a great idea for Fairmount but just not executed well yet.
This place has many options and the owner is absolutely sweet and very helpful! Ordered the fried egg rolls with pork and crab meat, which were delicious! The pho was good too, but I just wasn't a fan of tendon and tripe. Next time I will order a different version, but if you're into that order it because it's their best seller
Five stars because it met all my expectations.  The pho comes in three sizes, the large is colossal and less than $10 - chili-oil on request, staff very friendly.  New, modern, comfortable place, in a gentrified neighborhood.
They always charge more than prices posted on their website/menu then claim the website is out of date. Which has been going on for a while now. If you're a legitimate business you should post accurate pricing at all times.

Also they've made several mistakes with our take-out orders and then don't offer to make the situation right when you call back to make them aware of the mistakes. The employees don't have enough authority/autonomy from the owner(s) in these situations.

Do yourself a favor and head to the better Vietnamese spots in Chinatown or South Philly (or if you're into banh-mi's, Brown Street Coffee nearby has legit banh -mi's).

That being said, food is decent and it's the only Vietnamese spot around the neighborhood (aside from Brown Street coffee which only has banh-mi's)...
It's been awhile since I've had Pho and this really hit the spot. Heads up - the large size is HUGE, and I got three meals out of it!! Got the fried pork dumplings for an app and went with the rare steak and crispy flank pho. Egg rolls were great, as was the pho. Came with enough basil, sprouts, and spices to add in.

I must say the outside really makes the place seem inauthentic and trying to be super modern, which has turned me off from coming for awhile. But, the food was delicious and the service was great.
Bad service but the restaurant just opened so I cut them some slack. Don't listen to the people dropping one star reviews because there food took more than 20 seconds to be ready, it's not like they have anywhere to be anyways. Food came out hot and ready and the Chà Giò egg roll was amazing not to mention the Beef pho which tasted like it was straight from Vietnam. One more thing that I love is that the food is healthy. I also love the modern yet traditional design and atmosphere of the restaurant. Definitely my new favorite place on Fairmount avenue. Can't wait to come back again next week!!
Aw man, I really wanted to like this place. I love Vietnamese food and felt stoked about the possibility of being able to get my fix within walking distance of my apartment. Unfortunately, the food is god awful. For reference, my dining partner and I tried the pork summer roll, bun bo hue, and bun cha gio. I'm not really sure what was inside the roll's rice paper but the shredded "pork" tasted like cardboard and I had to restrain myself from spitting it out. The broth of the bun bo hue had heat but lacked any flavor (not even a hint of lemongrass; womp, womp) and the noodles were way overcooked. The bun cha gio was semi-edible. Noodles, herbs, and fish sauce were all fine but the mini fried spring rolls were oil soaked pieces of garbage and I am positive you can find better spring rolls in the frozen section at Walgreens. 

This place does not do Vietnamese food justice at all. If you're in the mood for Vietnamese, save yourself the heartache -- gtfo of Fairmount and head to Washington Ave.
I was so excited to see a pho place open up in Fairmount, an area that is more or less a food desert. Welp, so much for my excitement.

I can't properly review their food because I wasn't even able to eat it. We went in there at a normal dinner time and...... they had run out of meat. All meat. Wow, seriously guys? Pho takes a grand total of like, 3 ingredients to make.

Second, this place looked and smelled like a high school cafeteria. Dim lighting, staff that looked like they had no idea how to be in a restaurant and didn't much care to learn either, and the whole place was cold, drafty, drab, and generally depressing.

Oh, and I forgot to mention one thing: The first thing you see when you walk in is a wall full of (wait for it...) Asian rice farmer hats. Not kidding. Just a wall full of maybe 40 rice farmer hats hanging as pretty much the only decor in the restaurant. Ummmmm.

Anyways, I'll try again in a few months when they get their act together. Or maybe not.
Echoing the sentiments of poor, slow service.  Really want this place to succeed as it's in my neighborhood but they seem like they have a long way to go.  Also where are the vegetarian friendly items?  Would be it be too much to ask adding on a tofu bahn mi or bun bowl?
The food--chicken pho, beef/brisket pho, and some summer rolls--was solid, what might be expected from a four-star reviewed restaurant. The service was some of the worst I've ever experienced: we were seated after another couple walked in behind us, given dirty water glasses, and left unattended for the majority of our stay. We saw several tables around us stuck without food and/or receiving the wrong order multiple times. 

The waitstaff was more than incompetent they were rude at different points of service. (The hostess turned several groups of people away for both eat-in and takeout orders, one waiter told a friend not to eat there right in front of us, another couple of waiters discussed a table's food right in front of them as if they were not there). I've never felt so uncomfortable at a restaurant.
Good food, great service. I had the vermicelli bowl the last two times I ate here and pho the first time. Delish all around.
We stopped by on Sunday night around 7 and were told that the kitchen was slammed so we'd have to wait 45 min for food. I had a major pho craving and was fine with hanging out. 

We ordered the summer rolls and two large chicken Phos. 

The summer rolls were great and tasted just like ones we had at Mekong River in South Philly. 

The server brought out two small chicken Phos because the kitchen didn't have enough chicken left for large bowls. The server was extremely nice about the issue and offered us a bubble tea and pork chops. 

The chicken pho was GREAT. I'd say it tastes better than a lot of the places we've tried on Washington. Very fresh and the broth had a lot of flavor. 

Don't leave without having the honeydew bubble tea. It. Was. Seriously. Amazing. So good. 

And finally, the porkchops. Very tasty!

All in all, ipho was great and I'd definitely come back. I think they need a few weeks to get off their feet. They just opened on Tuesday. 

Great addition to the neighborhood.
I am a huge fan of pho and, coming from the west coast, have had my fair share. In my opinion, the pho here is authentic, except it is a hit or miss. I ordered the same thing on two different days and the first time the soup was very diluted, but the second time was perfect. I would not recommended getting grilled meat with pho and do NOT get chicken, as in both cases the meat is dry and overcooked. If a first timer, go for the deluxe..dont let the tripe scare you! It takes on the flavor of the delicious broth.

Also, portion sizes are impressive and prices are reasonable for the area. I'm glad to see this in the area and hope they work on their consistency.
I was really excited about visiting this restaurant. As others have said, the service was very slow. I ordered the beef cubes, only to be told five minutes later they don't have any. Not the end of the world. I ordered the Pho. The sideplate came out with only one stallk of basil leaves. Again, not the end of the world and I'm sure if I had asked for more it would have been provided. The broth itself was exquisite. However,it was a little light on the meat. That is unacceptable! It was almost impossible to get my waitresses attention. There's also a serious language issue. And as others have mentioned, my water glass remained unfilled throughout the course of my visit. I'll wait a month and give it another try.
I came here after going to see the eastern state penitentiary for a quick lunch and it was pretty good. Everything waz really clean, the ataff were pleasant and the prices weren't too bad. I was dissapointed when the server told me they ran out of milk for the iced soy milk, but otherwise it was really good. The pho was pipping hot and the soup had a really clean flavor to it. It wasn't oily like a lot of places I've seen, and the noodles were thicker than other places. I got the small bowl and it was able to keep me satisfied until dinner. Great pho place!
I ordered takeout despite knowing from reviews it would take a while.

I had to call three times for someone to pick up the phone. Once they did, they were nice, took my order, and told me my food would be ready in 20 minutes.

45 minutes later, my husband came home with what he was told was our order- my husband confirmed what we had ordered too! We ordered two soups and ended up with one completely different one and a shrimp rice platter. We still don't understand how.

Despite the food roulette that we played, we ate what we were given bc I'm pregnant and we have a toddler to also feed. The food we received was tasty- no complaints despite the wait and mixup- so we are hopeful that once this place figures out a system, it will be a staple in our foodventures in Fairmount.

For now we have learned our lesson and will try again perhaps in two months. We can drive to south philly, eat, and come back in the time that we waited for our wrong order today.
We want to love this place since it is right around the corner and Vietnamese is our favorite cuisine. This neighborhood needs some variety! I'm really hoping they can pull together the service and the food in the next few months. 

I'll second a lot of the reviews already posted but seems our experience was not quite as bad as some. We went on a Saturday afternoon right about lunch time with a friend so it was busy but there was a table for three and we were seated promptly.  The hostess seemed quite unfriendly but our server was all smiles but she would disappear for long periods. We did receive water and menus right away.  Most other pho places the food comes out in 10 minutes, we waited about 20 minutes so not as long as others have commented on. Two of us ordered bun with spring roll and neither got the spring roll.  We managed to finally get the hostess' attention (no idea where our server went) and she did bring out spring rolls for us, seemed she started pitching in when things got really busy.  No one came around to ask how things were after the spring roll correction.  It's not that big of a place compared to most Vietnamese spots around town so I would expect better service. They clearly need more help and more seasoned wait staff.  

We did see a few people walk out when no one came to greet them after a while.  That's just not good business. We never got our check, couldn't find our server, or manage to flag anyone down. We had to go up to the register to pay after waiting about 20 minutes (which incidentally is how most pho restaurants operate).

To the owners of iPho, if you are reading this, the neighborhood would very much like you to succeed.  Here's a few suggestions that might help:  

1) move the register to the front so that a staff person (or two) is always there to greet customers and make more space in the front for waiting customers and takeout orders.  You can move some tables closer to the kitchen once you move the register from the back. 

2) have customers pay at register when leaving like other pho restaurants

3) bring take out orders to the front at the relocated register so people can get in and out fast. 

4) hire a few more seasoned servers and work with the kitchen to get the timing down. People expect pho to be a meal served quickly! 

Overall the food was decent and if they can pull it together I'll definitely be a weekly regular!
This place may not have the best pho, but you can't beat the price, especially in Philly, plus the restaurant environment is good. They also have bubble tea and smoothie with interesting flavor, e.g. durian
Despite it being a Friday afternoon, it seems as though this place had two people working in total. Being understaffed meant that the service was incredibly slow as our main dishes took 40 minutes to come out. We were hangry and frustrated but eventually the owner served us our dishes himself and profusely apologized for how long it took for the food to come out and thanked us for waiting. The food itself was amazing and at a great price. I got the bún thịt nướng as my main course along with the summer roll and fried spring roll as appetizers. Everything was so tasty and delicious, nothing disappointed me. Would definitely come back again when visiting Philly but just be mindful that service might take a bit of time!
(Pick up & delivery ordering) Absolutely the most AWFUL place you can order food from. They ALWAYS messed the orders and give you some tofu shit instead of what you ordered. They forget stuff from your order and have to reimburse you for it. 

Since they work with a numbering system, the person on the phone don't want to hear the actual name of the dishes, they ask for numbers and since THEIR website is NOT up to date with the menu, all this f*** up could be avoided.

If I could give a ZERO I would.
The Beef Pho is exceptional! They give you a decent amount of meat and the service/delivery is quick.
3 stars for the service, 4 for the food.

This new pho place is right down the street from me. I make a point to try out all the new places in my neighborhood, so I stopped in here on a busy Wednesday night.

The interior is simple, with coffee shop-style seating with two-tops and no elbow room. The menu, conversely, is expansive, with over 60 menu items including appetizers and entrees. I had the pho with brisket and flank and tripe and it was delicious. The meat was cooked perfectly and the broth was flavorful. I will be coming back here to try the rest of the menu.
Grabbed dinner here recently with my sister. Pretty decent pho place in the Fairmount area. We ordered the fresh vegetarian spring rolls for appetizer. For the pho we both got medium sizes and it was just the right amount and left us full! It had plenty of noodles and tasty broth. I got the vegetarian pho and it had a generous amount of veggies and tofu. Great bang for your buck here. Definitely worth a stop here for some pho on a cold night.
We'd like to review based on the food, but we never got a chance to even sit down. When we arrived with a mobility scooter, the server LITERALLY wrinkled his nose in disgust, rolled his eyes and said, "I don't think we have room for that thing."

The place was mostly empty and moving one table 6 inches to the right would have done the trick. Living in Philly we are used to making sure places are wheelchair accessible before going out and this time was no exception. My partner (a disabled marathoner living with MS) stopped in a few days before and spoke with a manager who assured her everything would be fine. 

It wasn't. Obviously. We were made to feel like a distasteful burden and even after giving the server another chance to say ANYTHING not quite so offensive, he just stood there looking us in the eye without an ounce of empathy or even common courtesy.

After that staredown we said, out loud, "F**k it. They don't want our money." Again, NO RESPONSE. At all.

We left and went and tried the brand new Bar Hygge at 1720 Fairmount instead. It was far more crowded there and yet somehow they were VERY happy to accommodate us. It was awesome.
Food was good for a Viet Rest., out of NY but beware prices on the site & on yelp are old. Basically everything is at least 1-2 more than you see. A small at $10 is a NY small at $7 & a small in SF at $5. Service charge was added to our large party we were still waiting for 
water & it wasn't even that busy. 

In Philly quite often now will definitely go back to the Viet mall next time for old school authentic food & desserts.
I was very disappointed.  This was my first time dining here and the staff were rude.  They never came to check on my table to ask if we were ok. I paid with my card and didn't leave a tip because they were rude.  The next day I checked my bank statement only to see that they took it upon themselves to take a tip anyway. When I called the restaurant to speak with someone they gave me a hard way to go about refunding my money back.  I told that guy on the phone that I didn't leave a tip for a reason and them taking a tip without my knowledge is called stealing.  Long story short the guy agreed to refund my money back.  I'm never going back again and the pho wasnt that good anyway. Please check your receipt and bank statement after you dine hete6
Pho was good.. I got the Grilled PorkPho which was coooked to perfection. However; the food & the coffee took a while & there were only like 6 customers but I guess you can't rush Greatness. Also it be great if their was a greeter when you walked in. Family of 3 walked in & the waiter softly yelled from the end, then the middle of the restaurant
 "sit where ever you want"  but only untill the 3nd time did the customer hear him.
Favorite place in fairmount! The pho is out of this world! And the staff is wonderfully pleasant
DO NOT ORDER from this restaurant. I just picked up a take-out order and discovered when I got home that they had served all three dishes on romaine lettuce (see the CDC warning about e-coli). When I called to ask about the use of romaine, the employee was completely ignorant about the issue, couldn't be bothered to address my concern, and hung up on me. When I called back to state how appalled I was at their customer service, I was told that I could "throw out the food" if I wanted. Because, of course, everyone orders take-out only to throw out the food when they get home. This is the worse customer service I have ever experienced at a restaurant and definitely will never be returning. I'd warn others against ever visiting too, especially if you care at all about food safety.
Decent spot for some delicious pho.  Location is definitely cleaner and brighter than the typical places on Washington Ave., but the broth doesn't have that deep, complex, warm-your-soul goodness as standard staples along Washington.  Overall, if I'm in the area, I would stop by again, but wouldn't necessarily go out of my way.
Great pho place with TONS of options! I only wish that I knew more about pho or that they had more photos. 

I got #51, and it was great. I personally like my pho to have more complex flavors, so I wound up adding some spice, soy, and hoisin.
Everytime I come visit my mom, THIS IS OUR GO TO PLACE!! 

we've been coming here for a while now, and let me tell you their food is amazing, the ambient here omg its just super nice. The interior as well for their restaurant is super cool. 

While we're still in the pandemic, its just the owner who operates this restaurant atm..  The wife is the cook, and the husband( Van) is the one who takes the order. 

You guys should definitely check them out, support amazing small business!!!
Grilled porkchop vermicelli. Didn't particularly when my heart because the pork chop is not really on the bone it was pretty dry and It was really try and chewy. it is my first time here so I'll probably give it a second try it is on the price side for Vietnamese food for me. I just wish to meet was not dry and chewy. I'll try again next time with some pho soup based. And edit my review
