Do NOT patronize this business. 

Friends, I almost never do this. I prefer to take my complaints directly to the owner, but I see I am not alone, so here we go.

I just moved into the neighborhood and have ordered (serviceable) pizza here twice before but never again. NEVER. I have never been treated so poorly in my life.

The woman behind the counter is so angry and hostile and obnoxious and rude, I will never go back, and since I see there are many complaints, obviously the owner does not care. I was so shook from how she spoke to me, I left without ordering and stood out on the street for a minute to catch my breath. Maybe he's terrified of her and that's why he allows her to ruin his business and his reputation, but that's his concern. Mine is not being abused while I am trying to give someone my hard earned money.

One block away on 10th is a lovely place with happy people who make gorgeous food with love and kindness. Go there.
The pizza here is mediocre at best.  The upside down pizza is pretty good, but they charge a lot extra for it.  I like eating it for free at the Dive, but I'd never go out of my way to eat here other than that.  The service is horrible.  The one woman who is always there is a grumpy asshole.  If you're going to eat here I don't suggest going there to do so.
Maybe I don't go at the right times, but the pizza is overpriced, the ingredients are poor, and the staff is surly.  I always seem to go there when they're mopping up & nothing else is going on.  I've gotten a few hoagies, etc., and they have been unspectacular.

I don't think this is an "I went in with my party of 15, and they wouldn't change the channel for the three screaming babies we brought with" situation.  I tip well and try to vary when I go, but old, pretty gross slices are just the norm.  If it's past 11 and you've been drinking, it's probably less bad than a cheesesteak.  During normal-ish hours, walk a block away to Slice and your pizza will be exponentially better.
I use to have these guys saved to my cell phone. Then one day I realized they were on delivery.com and figured "I'm working in my office right now. I guess I'll order it online so that I can set the time for delivery." NEVER EVER AGAIN.

Long story short (and I don't know who's to blame) but I ordered my usual order which is a sicilian with mushrooms and peppers but NO cheese because of having a vegan boyfriend. The pizza came on time. But with cheese. Delivery.com asked for my review, I gave a polite complaint, and wah-laa Delivery.com offered me a credit for a new pizza. "Just copy and paste the following line in your next order".

So, 2 weeks later, I did. Only to have (maybe 15 minutes after the order was placed) the manager call me up and in a very aggressive tone note that she specifically remembered my order from 2 weeks ago, that I did infact order cheese (I always make it a point to say NO CHEESE in caps) and never authorized the credit. She was very rude and very short with me - and coming from 5 years experience working in a pizza shop this is NOT how you handle your customers.

The pizza came. The credit was not honored. Needless to say I will not be ordering from them again.

Side note: The food is fine. Delicious even. The management is just flat out unprofessional.
So-- all day breakfast. fantastic, right? well, it would be except:

1. Regardless of when you go/ submit/ call in your order, it takes at least a half hour for them to make your food (and it doesn't matter what or how much you order, larger orders just take even longer). In addition, when you get there you will have to wait at least ten minutes for the counter person to stop talking to a female (every single time i've gone it's been the same). To make it worse, they occasionally look at you and then go right back to their conversation (which adds even MORE time to the half-hour minimum)

2. The cooks are always working furiously every time i've gone in, but the food itself is not so hot, just inexpensive.

3. Portions vary wildly, and aren't that large to begin with. i'm a big home fries fan, and there aren't a lot of places selling sides all day long. They really seem like boxed potatoes to me, though.  Worse: whenever i ask for fried onions, i end up with more onions than potatoes (which stinks both metaphorically and literally).

4. They have a big sign by the register advertising that you get 15% off your first online order. BUT they fail to mention that there is a .net AND a .com site, and that you only get the discount if you order from the correct one (which one is that? ask two different counter people and get two different answers. I'm pretty sure it's whichever site you *didn't* use). If you risk this method of ordering, print out your completed order and bring it with you-- otherwise you may discover that things you ordered and display on your printout did not get submitted to the store.

5. Their tomato pie is just okay but has real basil on it (for those who are interested)

6. Although they have a fountain soda machine and coca-cola paper cups, they will not sell you one (nor will they sell you a cup of ice), instead insisting you buy one of their 20 oz. bottled juices or sodas, which they then have the gumption to charge you $2.00 for!?!?!

Overall, exceptionally disappointing for a spot that looks so nice and has cooks who appear to be working so hard. So very sad that the breakfast is just not worth it (I LOVE eating breakfast foods for other meals)...
Do you like being belittled when just trying to call or pick up food by a woman who looks like she has never experienced joy in her life? Do you like receiving undercooked chicken, getting food poisoning, and being called a liar when you call to complain? If you answer yes to these fun things than this place was made for you! I'm seriously disappointed by this place.
The people who both own this place, and who work there, are the rudest, most uncouth, and meanest people that I have ever encountered in a restaurant.  It's clear that this place only survives because of its location.
I ordered delivery.  To start, the person taking orders over the phone was unbelievably rude.  She rushed through my order and seemed irritated that I wanted to order more.  The ravioli my friend ordered wasn't cooked all the way and the J and J's Penne was literally the MOST DISGUSTING thing I've ever tasted.  It was oddly cinnamony and seemingly beyond its expiration date.  The delivery guy seems like he just started and required way too much info at my door - even he made a joke that he also needed my social security #.  The cannoli wasn't bad, but for $3.75 a piece, I'd rather go to Termini.  NEVER, EVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
UGH. I've been having bad luck with pizza places lately.

I didn't try the pizza but I've had it at the Dive before and don't remember it being particularly offensive. 

I just ordered a pork, broccoli rabe, and provolone grinder which I ended up throwing away.

The pork was just gross like when you get food from a really skeezy chinese place and it tastes like the food poisoning you'll have tomorrow. The broccoli rabe was soggy and nasty, almost definitely from frozen. There was barely any provolone on the bottom of the soggy roll. 

They obviously have no idea what a "grinder" is because not only was the cheese on the bottom instead of melted on top, but it was not toasted at all, the whole roll was soggy with the wet from the defrosted broccoli rabe. 

Just nasty. Took two bites to make sure I wasn't missing something the first time, I wasn't.

I also got a salad which was standard crappy pizza place fare, nothing to really say there. Rolls of lunch meat on iceberg lettuce with dressing from a bottle, or more accurately a vat of some sort.

They also brought me the wrong kind of soda, which is annoying because I ordered online so the whole order was in print, no chance of being misheard.

My stomach hurts already.
I'm not really impressed by J&J. I've always though they've been kind of overpriced - I got a very small stuffed pizza thing for 7 bucks (I thought it'd be around 3 - 4). The menu is pretty big, but normal pizza place stuff. They just finished renovations, and it totally doesn't fit in with the rest of the Italian Market area. I'd check out Venice Pizza instead (2 pizzas for 12.99). If you are going here, at least get your food to go and sit in the park across the street.
The woman who answers the phone is downright MEAN AND MISERABLE!!! It's like when you call to order food, you are a nuisance to her. Doesn't she realize we, the customers, are the ones supporting the business that employs her... guess not.... she's purely ignorant.
Shady business with rude employees that rips you off. Charges $1.05 more for a meatball grinder because I asked for american cheese (which is less expensive than provolone). When asked why they were charging so much she said "the computer automatically upcharges when you change cheese. I just ring it up." in her typical rude fashion. Told her she's not going to be ringing me up anymore then, and am seriously done with this place now. Had enough chances.
And yes as you probably guessed the meatball grinder sucked after all that.
Rude service. People who work here act as though you are bothering them, when in fact you are trying to provide them business. Spent $25.00 in food, but was not able to buy a Sprite for $3.25 on my debit, but was told I needed a $10 minimum. Just very bad and rude service.
South Philly has too many great places to eat to waste your time here. We ordered from here tonight and it will be the last time. They screwed up the whole order, forgot chicken in a Greek salad with chicken and included the wrong dressing -- which spilled open during delivery and messed up the bag. And the grilled shrimp salad was made with cold, fishy shrimp. And on top of it all, we got disconnected while ordering. 

And the pizza is average at best.
This is our go to place for great food! If you're on a diet, have the salads (which are great) BUT I highly suggest throwing the diet out the window and enjoy some good food!

The ONLY negative I can say is the unpleasant woman who takes the order over the phone.  I used to order from GrunHub.com to avoid this unpleasant experience.  Unfortunately GrubHub says that they don't deliver so I am forced to talk to her.  I would hVe given them 5 stars but unfortunately I feel compelled to do 3 stars. 

If you get passed the call, you won't be disappointed.
I have been a patron of J and J for at least 5 years. However, tonight I was very disappointed with my order. First, the delivery driver was super rude at having to wait 5 whole minutes (yes, I checked my phone to verify this timeline) before I came out to get my food. He was blowing up my phone, and threatening to leave) I suspect part of his rudeness was due to the fact that I added the tip to the order when I placed it (don't do this- tip cash). The food was mostly okay. Nothing fantastic, I order from here because it's decent and close. However, they burnt the shit out of the fried mushrooms I ordered. I honestly can't believe that the cook looked at how blackened they were and boxed them anyway.
It's a shame, this place had decent pizza.  I'm tired however of dealing with the person taking orders.  She's rude and gets the order wrong every time, even if it's not placed over the phone and placed online (in writing exactly what I want).  I recently placed an order and cancelled it after being told it would arrive in 1.5 hours.  I then placed an order elsewhere and they still tried to deliver the food saying last time I complained it was cold.  Well yes I did, as nothing was even warm and I don't want to take food that has been sitting for who knows how long.  Service has gotten way worse and will now always be going elsewhere.  Save your money and don't order here.
We ordered a large cheese pizza for delivery, and when we received it, it was barely edible. The melted cheese was on top of the box and it was a mess. When we called them, the owner said he would issue a credit for another large pizza. 

Well today we were going to use this credit, but the nasty lady that answered would not give us the credit. She cursed me out and told me to "F myself." Legit worst customer service ever. You lost 5 paying customers today. Your customers hate your attitude and you suck.
About a week ago, I gave this place another try. Same attitude, same lackluster food. This place still lacks customer service and the food is mediocre at best. The cashiers always seem to be annoyed of the customers.
Ordered from here for the first time tonight.  The Linguine Frutti De Mare was delicious, as were the scrambled eggs with scrapple and the pizza steak.  We will definitely order from this place again.
the lady behind the counter was rude and on the phone gossiping the whole time, had me standing there forever. I ordered a Stromboli and the dough was raw, literally the whole bottom was not even cooked. i called to tell them and she denied it saying it was the ricotta she said if they cooked it any more the top would get burnt. I advise you not to order here ever they are rude and the food is nasty. if i could give zero stars i would
Meat missing from the entrees, and the "bacon" is a few bacon flakes (which they confirmed on the phone when confronted). the salads were wrong, which meant my girlfriend bit into onions which she is allergic to and asked them not to put in it. She was literally choking on this food.
Not to mention the fact that it came late. The food was room temperature and sub-par even when reheated. They rudely refused to refund any part of the overpriced order. Next time I have no groceries in the house I'll just share my dog's kibble instead. I honestly wish there was a way for me to give 0 stars because 1 star is incredibly generous.
Delivery person graffitied my door despite being tipped very well @ 20-25% every time. Owner promised to repaint but never followed up. Now dropping circulars all over the street even at doors like mine that are circular-free. Street is now littered with fliers. No respect for the community at all.
I found myself here while chaperoning a field trip to Philadelphia. The students were all eating at Geno's and Pat's, but being a vegetarian, I couldn't partake in the "Which is better?" debate. So instead, I walked a block down to J&J Pizza and got myself a slice of margherita pizza. Personally, this was just what I wanted:  fresh basil, minimal cheese (I'm mostly vegan), and a thin, crispy crust. Loved it.
DO NOT EAT HERE !!! i will post this review a million times ! my food had a hair in it MULTIPLE TIMES ! the lady that answers the phone who claims shes "the boss" is the most ignorant person ive ever come across. ive never once wrote a review and i made a yelp just to write one on here.save yourself the aggravation and order from someplace else around the area. THIS PLACE IS AWFUL !!!!!
I first started eating J&J's Pizza while at the dive, since it's the free pizza of choice during happy hour! At first I didn't know if it was the beer talking but  for some reason it tasted better than all of the South Philly corner joints I had been getting delivery from for the past fifteen years.

Although I have been trying to avoid cheese we had our first delivery from J&Js last night since we were both too sick to go out to eat and the pies were delivered timely and they were nice and hot. The price wasn't too bad either since I had been used to paying close to ten bucks for a crappy pie delivered cold after only being three block away.

As usual they were nice and cheesy with just enough sauce underneath. They're also never skimpy on the toppings [the mushroom pie is a must try]. This is also the first time my father has not complained about a pizza in, well, my whole life! Anyone who can get him to not complain about something deserves a medal in my book.

Since I have never actually been inside the pizzeria I have to withhold a star...at least until next time, that is.
I am done with this place. I tried a few times bc it is close and easy and well a pizza place. For take out the counter lady is the rudest I've ever encountered. Ever. She acts like people that order from her are a bother. Ha
For delivery: wrong: tonight asked for buffalo chicken steak no cheese and the buffalo sauce on the side. It came with a ton of cheese ON it, and no buffalo sauce on the side. Sad. Total wrong order. Ugh. Just keep throwing money down the drain here.
The Italian hoagie IS good here. Side note.
I've eaten here at least five times, and each time, on my third bite of pizza, I think to myself, "Why have I done this again?" This may be the most bland pizza I've ever tasted. On my most recent visit, I had to dump an obscene amount of every type of pizza condiment on top just to finish my slices. It reminds me of... FLORIDA pizza. The worst kind there is.

The staff frightens me. I have seen them yell at each other, roll their eyes in disgust at each other, and never once make eye contact with a customer. I always feel like I am somehow hurting them by giving them my money to eat their food. Also, for you germaphobes out there... I've seen the register person go from answering the telephone to typing things in on the register to putting her bare, unwashed hands in the giant bin of mozzarella cheese and onto someone's dinner. C'mon, don't we all watch the news? Don't we all know that phones are dirtier than toilets? I know that no food service person is perfect, and that kitchens behind closed doors do God-Knows-What to my food, but when I can see you doing it, that is just yucky.

With that said, I have not eaten anything here besides the pizza, so it is very possible that they make delicious entrees and other things. So to be fair, I've given them two stars instead of one. Also contributing to the extra star is the fact that they have outdoor seating, fancy flat screen tv's inside, and the tables are always clean.
A friend took me here when I was in town during a flight layover. We were originally going to Geno's, but their outside seating and the frigid weather were no match. So we headed up a block to J&J's. The prices were pretty good. We got 10 wings, a slice of pizza, two drinks and a cheesesteak hoagie for $16. The wings were pretty average, but the cheesesteak was great. It was about a foot long and filling.
Bland pasta but the main complaint is atrociously awful customer service. As a side I had ordered the $1.25 garlic bread on grubhub and under special instructions added "please add mozzarella cheese."  The order came and there was no garlic bread at all. When I called them to let them know and to figure out what to do (deliver it or remove the charge from my bill)  they were rude, arrogant, defensive, never once apologized for their error, but instead tried to twist it that it was somehow my fault and wanted to argue with me at every turn as though I was trying to scam them. What should have been a 30 second phone call was a 5 minute silly contest of them first quizzing me insistently on my order rather than just taking my word for it that they forgot my side.  They already have my $28.00 which included a $4.00 tip, what more did they want?  First she tried to blame it on "the other girl" who works there who conveniently "just left."  I again told her it wasn't a phone order, it was through grubhub. After I proved it, they then wanted to quibble over the money. I'd already been charged $1.25 and told them that on grubhub there was no option on the menu for adding mozzarella, but they said that'd be $3.00.  Fine; I agreed, but can't believe they wanted to nickle and dime me on top of screwing up my dinner.  Their philosophy is apparently "never admit fault; the customer is always wrong."  FINALLY this arrogant, defensive b*tch agreed to send the freaking garlic bread, never once saying "sorry about the mixup."  It arrived about 15 minutes later and the deliverer just handed it to me and said "$1.75."  I scrounged around and found the money and paid her and she left; again no apology, as if this were somehow my fault and they had done me a huge favor.  Well, they can enjoy their buck-75 from me but what they won't be getting is hundreds of dollars in weekend takeout from me over the next year. Instead it'll go to Not Just Pizza.  J&J is run by children (and bad cooks), won't be ordering from them again.
Do not eat nor order from here they charged me for food and never delivered,  then when management was questioned about it she became very disrespectful
The pizza isn't bad, but the lady who answers the phone has the WORST attitude you ever want to experience. I order from them occasionally and the same rude lady makes it hard to make this my regular pizza place. When they finally get rid of her, I am sure their sales will improve. And I would call more regularly. She has been working there for many years with the same terrible attitude, when is the owner going to realize this and fire this ignoramus.
I love the food here! However, the lady at the counter is so miserable which caused me to never return. Please get someone with a better attitude that loves life.
Y'all have the most stankiest attitude I ever seen especially the jawn answering the phone behind the counter. The big jawn that sounds like a whole beast needs to adjust her attitude. She said I needed to "fucking wait" I let it slide.. Now I'm a philly native that broad would have had a beat down from the gate. Like it's disgusting how she thinks that's ok. Then I called today for her to have a stank ass attitude still!! Like why she still there? Any who, y'all need to send the jawn to get a gastric bypass and a attitude adjustment. There for never returning to this place again because of that broad!!
ate a cheesesteak here recently, 6 bucks is not so bad (well 7 cause they let you pay with credit and then i always feel schmucky if i don't tip something)  

Walked past the king, past the orange, and had  a bigger, better meat cheesesteak served by a nice espangol speaking man who didn't yell waddyawant? at me.  had a BLT before and it was good and cheap.
  
i'd reccomend em if you're in the area and need your cheesesteak fill. and you usually don't have to wait.  haven't had the pizza yet.
Bad service. The lady that answered at 10:36 PM tonight decided to argue with my boyfriend over if we lived in an apartment or house. He had already gave her the full address. I live in a townhouse there is no apartment number. She claims her computer says otherwise. My townhouse says otherwise than what her computer says. Guess there's a first time for everything. She decided to get mad tell him order from somewhere else and hung up the phone on him. She was so loud I could hear her through the phone from across the room. They happened to still be open for delivery tonight. Needless to say we won't ever be bothered with trying to order from there ever again. It's a townhouse, get over yourself lady. If you're having a bad day and can't keep yourself in control maybe customer service isn't for you or maybe you should take a wosah.
The sneering woman behind the counter who smells like cigarettes is such a downer that even if the food were good, I wouldn't come back... it's strange that there are so many reviews that mention how negative she is, but she still has a job. ( and cigarettes...lots of cigarettes)
The pizza is average, the wings are terrible, and whoever answers the phone is just the worst. I was hung up on years ago for asking questions and perhaps taking too long to order, who knows. I was put in hold forever and then my subsequent calls were not answered. I tried ordering again last week on a whim since my wife wanted to try something new and the same exact thing happened. 

Pizza places are all over in south philly. I've ordered from probably 15 different ones over the years. I don't in how J&J stays in business.
J & J is neither bad nor great. It's your basic Pizzeria with a decently large menu. The slices are a good size and crispy thin but nothing earth shattering. 

I guess what frustrates me about this joint is that it could be so much more. J &J is in the heart of Passyunk Sq, At the start of the Italian Market. With its prime location, it could be a pizzeria that could be a true representative of the neighborhoods Italian roots but fails way too short.

If I were the owner of this establishment, I would take this in stride and capitalize on this thought and the thousands of daily tourists that come And visit this area each day. You got two Iconic Cheesesteak joints up the block. Why not be "THE" iconic pizza parlor on the same strip?
Place has gone way downhill.  I used to order from here almost twice a week and I've noticed the quality of ingredients, even the chicken wings themselves, have gone down.  Also they need to fire the person who takes orders over the phone -- she's the rudest person I've ever spoken to at any restaurant.

I'm done with this place.
Once and done, actually.
My son's sausage, pepper & onion sandwich came encased in cheese and questioning this drew only blank stares from the sullen staff. I had to buy another sandwich with "please just sausage, peppers and onions" (pretty standard I'd thought) and it still came with pizza sauce!
Then we had to eat under the stares of the now jaded and hugely overweight employees.
The place is not what you can call "clean" and the pizza is thick cardboard covered with catsup, maybe suitable for patching the odd drywall hole.
Too bad, they did spend some money on tile & counters here.
Worse customer service ever! One of the girls was all right yet the older lady there was horrible!!!!!  Rude as can be. We drove from Jersey and it we know it doesn't take 20mins. When we asked  how long we got the nastiest look! Pizza tasted nasty and the knots were good but the sauce was HORRIBLE, sweet.
The turkey grinder literally put one slice of turkey on it and was 80% lettuce. I've been customer for years but I'm over it. They literally just sent me a lettuce sandwich
This place is consistently great. I have ordered many many times over a few years both pick up and delivery and they are really always delicious. Tonight had pepper and onion large pizza- amazing. Garlic knots, pizza fries, small mushroom with ricotta - seriously all good! Also very well priced. Love this place.
"Don't take credit cards! Especially in that area!"   Mmmmm, which area do you take credit cards for? HA!  200 to 1/2 million homes + in 19147.  Not cool!
Rude, this guys are very very rude. This is not the way anyone do business by disrespecting customers irrespective the quality of their food.
Well I tried to eat there last night, but since my gf has found out  she has celiacs disease ie: a gluten allergy we have to be super careful with her food preparation, this is now the first and unfortunately probably not the last place that said they couldn't be bothered clean a small section of the food prep area to make sure my beloved could eat there. Oh well not where we wanted to go origianlly and was a last mintue "Oh look food thats not Pats or Ginos" right near the South Philly Underdog that closed.

We ended up going down the street to SLice, so much better.
Ordered with grub hub...paid cash. The order was incorrect..and the driver could not comprehend this. I dont usual pay in cash due to this reason....a simple pizza order turned into $22. Called and all i got was " did you keep the pizza?" Yeah because I pretty much had to. Not the pizza we wanted. Still tastes like cardboard.
Do not go here.

There are far too many worthwhile pizza places in South Philly to bother going here. The pizza is terrible. The crust is like cardboard and the toppings aren't anything special. The wings were small, soggy and mostly broken. Sandwiches from this place are bland and unappetizing. 

Worst of all, the people who work here are not only unhelpful, but borderline nasty.

J&J Pizza isn't even a good drunk option, considering the availability of great Mexican, good hot dogs or cheese steaks just down the street.
Aw...no love for J & J?

Husband man and I were walking through the Italian market and I started to get that oh-so-familiar rumble in my belly. Time for lunch! It was not our plan to go to J & J--we never even knew they existed, but I should clarify something before continuing....

I would never never ever ever evvvvvvvver eat at Pat's or Geno's. Philly landmarks? Sure. Tourist trap? Oh yeah. Home of a good steak? Keep walking.

Thus, we came upon J & J. Cheesesteak for me and a tuna salad hoagie for the boy. My cheesesteak had my requested hot peppers and extra whiz and was roastin' when I got it (I notice they toast the roll before hand-nice touch). The meat was flavorful and juicy and the sandwich was HUGE (that's what she said---way-o!) 

Can't really comment on what the better half had-I'm just not a hoagie girl, but I don't see any reason not to return when we move into the neighborhood.
3-4 stars depending on what you're in for. Typical south philly spot, my favorite place for a buffalo chicken cheesesteak. Walk right past Pat's and Geno's and have some space to yourself. They often play sports events which make for a great afternoon date with the husband for some pizza and sports since we don't have cable. I do their pizza by the slice occasionally... it's average to good depending on how long it's been out. Haven't ordered a fresh pie.
J&J is my default delivery place when I can't bear to pry myself off the sofa to go out for food. (Prying myself off of it to go down my windy trinity stairs and pay the delivery driver is its own problem. We're trying to work out something with a box and rope that we can lower from the third-floor TV room window to haul the food up because we are just that lazy.) Pretty much everything we've ever ordered from there has been decent--not outstanding but not bad, either. The wings are among the best we've gotten delivered and the pizza is tasty, with a good ratio of sauce to cheese and toppings. The chicken parm sandwiches are good and the pizza fries tasty, if a bit soggy (get the spicy curly ones instead). My one big miss there was the chicken cheesesteak, which I ended up tossing after eating about a quarter of it. Also, don't try to order a milkshake. Either the machine will be broken or they will be out of ice cream. The woman who takes phone orders there will tell you this with an exasperated sigh, as if you should have known. She sounds perpetually constipated, but to her credit she has never messed up my order.
I've only had delivery but the pie was pretty good. It wasn't super oily, the bread was firm, the toppings were plentiful, and it arrived within 30-45 minutes of ordering, nice and hot. Didn't order anything fancy, just a mushroom/pepperoni pie for $7 (toppings on half is 0.85 and whole is about $1.75). The mushrooms were great, nice and large slices. I would order from them again.
Everyone is right on about that woman behind the counter. I live close by and she just yelled at me because I handed her a $20 for a slice and she gave me
.75cents back. When I told her I gave her a $20 she said "NO YOU DIDNT" then I said "can you pleas check I know I did" she then went to open the register and when I went to say "I'm sorry I just know I had a $20" she flipped out and was like "OK I SEE IT WHAT YOURE Effin PERFECT?" In front of the whole place. She must be as they say grandfathered in because I know she has been working there since her son was a baby. I can't let someone verbally abuse me because they did nothing with their life and now they are 45 and stuck working with kids at a pizza joint. Oh and don't dare call and not speak loud enough for her to hear. She hangs up on you. She literally slams the phone hard enough to break it. I can't believe she can treat people like this and work there still!

This place is a disgrace for even having her as an employee. When your food is a 2/10 I wouldn't have someone like that working there.  I know I'm not the only one to complain either.
Isn't there some adage about never looking at the actual storefront where you get your greasiest junk food takeout? If there's not, there should be. I've ordered delivery from this place several times before when I've been a bit, um, hungover, but I've never gone to pick it up in person before. The food was always fine, but not outstanding. I recently made the mistake of picking up my Grubhub order the other week and after seeing the restaurant in person, I won't order from here again. The store was completely empty during dinner hours (not a great sign), and it looked kinda run down and dirty. 3 or 4 employees were just sitting around looking miserable and one was halfheartedly wiping down a table. When I came in and said I was picking up a delivery, the lady behind the counter acted like it was a great inconvenience to locate my order and ring me up. I am usually never picky about service and I understand that everyone has bad days (I've worked in customer service, trust me, I get it), but I'm not going to order from here again. There are too many other comparable (if not better) businesses in the area that I'd rather support. Making customers feel guilty for coming in and buying food from you is probably not the best way to drum up business. I'm glad I found a better place in the neighborhood.
I guess when you are a block away from Pat's and Geno's Pizza should be your thing.  The pizzas did looking amazing.  It was very hard not to get the cheesesteak Pizza.  I had the Royal cheesesteak which came with plenty of extras.  The extras were good but I'm sure they are much better on a pizza.  $9.50, plenty of tables and a bathroom, I am not going to complain.  Well maybe I'll complain in private.  Good cheesesteak. Very good overall experience.
I am sorry to say but I am no longer a fan of this pizzeria anymore!! This has always been one of favorite places to eat at or order from but no longer am I going too order from here! My recent experiences have been nothing but awful rudeness by the same person! There is a awful rude lady who has no respect for the people she works with, the customers or the job she works, this lady gives you the most horrible attitude and disrespects you no matter what! I ordered in person once where she wasn't doing anything at all but when I reached the front desk she got on her phone and put her hand up! I had to wait 20 minutes for her to get off the phone and when I tried ordering she said hold on I'm busy! Mind you 20 minutes go by and she decided to take my order when she was ready on her own time! As I ordered she kept getting distracted and talking to an old man! Not caring for my order at all! When my order was done she didn't announce it, I went up and she said sir your food was done 20 minutes ago if it's cold enjoy it and pay attention next time! So as I walked away she yelled out thank you for the tip in a horrible rude voice and went to the old man and yelled out that dirty little boy didn't even leave a tip for my good service!
Really good food and really inexpensive. When you call up the woman might seem intimidating at first but that's just her personality lol. I order here almost three times a week sometimes.
1 star for pickup orders. Otherwise, they deserve 0. I usually order pickup from here but today I ordered delivery and it took over an hour. I live 8 blocks away. When it got here, it was cold. Do not order delivery from here!!!
I WILL NEVER GIVE MY SERVICE TO THIS PLACE AGAIN. Never in my life was a treated so rudely on the phone trying to order some food. Since it was Labor Day when I called I ask if there were opened to delivery and the EXTREMELY RUDE woman responded " obviously that's why I answered the phone " then without knowing I was on hold or asked to hold I had to call back and she screamed " I SAID CAN YOU HOLD" I never KNEW I WAS ON HOLD. I'm done with this place. HORRIBLE COSTUMER SERVICE . Never ordering from here again
If I could... I would give negative 5 stars. These people are seriously morons. All I ordered was a grilled cheese on Italian bread... And they got my order wrong not once, but twice. Like-really??? I guess all they are good for is pizza and who knows. Worst place on the stop. Don't bother.
I went inside hungry for some pizza, i ordered their white pizza. it was on point. Staff was cool to me and my pizza was perfect. I will def. come back again.
I never understood why this place exists. It's not very good. I ate here on two occasions. And both times, they messed up my food. It's not very hard. You put broccoli on one side, and mushrooms on the other. And somewhere along the line, you turn it into a pizza. 

And then I must have told them to mess it up. Because they sure did that. And they did that pretty well.
My roommates ordered delivery from here last night on my recommendation and now I feel bad. I've had pizza from here a few times and its not the best, but it's decent. My one roommate ordered mozzarella sticks that were completely a food service product- thick fried shell and congealed cheese in the center- almost as is they were under cooked or not cooked at all!

My other roommate ordered a cheese steak which she actually really loved and her boyfriend ordered an Italian hoagie and only wanted lettuce, mayo and red wine vinegar. It came with balsamic vinegar, onions and tomatoes. I told him to call them back and ask if they delivered the wrong sandwich, but he wouldn't. I mean come on, there'e at least 30 other places I can order generic 'Italian' delivery from withing a 4 square mile radius and you can't even get the order right?

So I guess were taking the menu out of our rotation. It's a shame really.
I have been ordering for about 6 years from J&J South Philly Pizza. The items and service have changed over the years. The woman who answers the phone is very rude. I ordered several items. They have been siphoned with ingredients . The Hawaiian pizza had 10 pieces of ham and 10 pieces of pineapple on a 16"pizza. The tortellini  with bacon and peas seemed to have the same ingredients, but only 3 pieces of bacon and some pieces of ham.They need to step up. I will now order from Santucci's from now on.
It was my unfortunate experience to enter J&Js establishment last night on way home hoping to have a delicious slice, some friendly service and maybe a pleasant experience. Despite the sign saying OPEN I was abruptly told it was closed.  I said, "Oh, well maybe you should change your sign then."  To my HORROR the woman who seems to own the shop responded, "WELL MAYBE I SHOULD REARRANGE YOUR FACE YOU FUCKING CUNT RAG!" and then she continued to scream profanities as me and my friends ran out the door.
After checking out of our hotel and before driving home yesterday afternoon, my wife and I explored the Italian Market.This was our last stop and we wanted a pizza for dinner.

Although we had to reheat it when we finally returned home, our pizza was really good. They were generous with the 3 toppings (spinach, mushrooms, and sausage). We hope to return the next time we're in town!
The staff here is downright hostile when you phone in an order. Delivery can take 1-2hours, which seems like a long time when compared to the Mexican restaurants that deliver in 20 minutes.

I didn't like the pizza here very much but I like thinner pizza crusts. Thier vegetable sandwich with eggplant, broccoli rabe, and roasted red peppers is good but you can get better ones with real bread(sarcones) all over South Philly.
Stumbled upon this place after finding out that Teri's doesn't have food in the middle of the afternoon. My friends and I wandered in from the rain, mostly attracted by the giant sign outside that said "PIZZA." The decor was decent for a campy South Philly pizza place. We grabbed a couple of menus from the counter, settled in, dried off, and ordered what we hoped would be a warming, delicious meal.

I would rather have gone hungry. The women behind the counter here were unfriendly at best. Their marinara is positively dismal-- pretty much nothing but crushed tomatoes thrown into a blender and watered down until bland and runny. The eggplant parm I ordered was ENORMOUS, but a complete and utter disappointment. There was hardly any of J&J's diluted marinara, and the eggplant was completely overpowered by the thick layer of greasy breadcrumbs that encased it. I basically ate a pile of mozzarella mush over plain spaghetti. It was beyond awful.

To top it all off, the "garlic bread" had a really putrid, sour smell, and was more or less inedible. I will NEVER return here, and will actively steer anyone I can away from this place. Awful, awful, awful.
I agree with Lisa. I think the slew of low reviews of J&J's is a little ridiculous. We ordered a BBQ chicken pizza from this place and received it in about 40 minutes. The delivery person was professional and fast. The pizza itself was very good and still hot when we received it. I can't speak for the interior of this restaurant...it's decor or ambiance or the supposed lack of people. However, I believe we all go to restaurants mainly for food, especially when it comes to pizza place. The point is, I enjoyed a good pizza at a fair price and have nothing bad to say about it. Okay, so maybe it wasn't the greatest food to ever touch my tongue, but it got the hankering for pizza more than satisfied. I would definitely order from here again, and there's no reason to not try J&J's out.
I love J&J Pizza. I go there all the time and the food is always great . The customer service could be better. Every time I go there the counter person seems as though they don't want to be there. Every time I go there I say hi how are you , but they don't even seem like they want to be bothered. They don't say hi or have a good day they just asked what did you order and give you the total. Otherwise I they would have a five star rating because customer service is everything. Food is good customer interaction not so great.
I'd really avoid this place at all costs.

The food and the experience were both less than enjoyable. First, the woman at the front desk was really rude, and seemed very unhappy to be there. And while we were eating, she went in the back room connected to the kitchen and smoked a cigarette (indoors), which isn't a huge deal but just something I'd rather not see.

Then the food. I got pizza and "spicy" fries. The pizza didn't seem particularly fresh and just did not taste good. The "spicy" fries, which I only ordered because of the $10 minimum on cards, were just shoestring fries that had no apparent seasoning on them or anything to warrant them "spicy."

All in all, I think it's an easy to decision to pick a different place to eat.
I ordered a meal that comes with a salad.  I normally get it to go, and they pour the dressing on the salad so by the time I get home it's always wilted (also speaks to the quality of the lettuce.  Yesterday, I finally ask for dressing on the side (what every other restaurant does) only to find that they charged me 50 cents extra.  That's because on the order next to side salad, the women behind the counter typed in "NO DRESSING".  Then right underneath that, she added "SIDE OF DRESSING" and charged me for it.  I asked her if she made a mistake, said no, and then walked away.  That's one of the stupidest things I've ever seen at a restaurant, since she went out of her way to charge me for it.  The food is not worth going back to a place like that.
Are you freakin kidding me ? 1.5 star ? C'mon people,give them a break
 I went to Pat AND Gino for lunch...blah...i dont understand what is the hype about their cheese steak..mediocre at best. So fed up after spending $10 plus per sandwich there(not because it was 10 bucks,but because 10 bucks for the blah sandwich) ...i walk around the neighborhood and stumble upon this pizza joint...to be honest,i walk in just to see if i can use their bathroom,but bathroom reserved for customers only so i was force to buy a slice of their pizza. Ordered a slice of their white pizza with spinach and omg..their pizza is AMAZINGLY GOOD...the crust was soft and buttery inside but very crusty & crunchy outside...the cheese melted to perfection...not too salty....
DO TRY IT ! ignore the staffs though,not the most happy jolly gang in the world but who cares...Their pizza is awesome
Got delivery on a tuesday night around 6:45. Order 2 lg pizza for 13.95 special. order with toppings and was informed toppings would be "a little extra" but not a problem. pizzas arrived COLD and costing 24.95, each topping costing an extra $2!!! i would not consider that "a little extra" and it arrived cold. so seeing as how i did not have enough cash so i tried to call and use a credit card and was hassled about not having the cash even though the total was not told to me over the phone when the order was made. never ordering from here again......
Glad I was able to find better delivery. JJ's pizza is passable, if the service was better they'd get 3 stars. Approximately 45 minutes for a pizza. Ordered a few times and repeatedly asked for paper plates and napkins (renovating a home/no plates etc.) and they were never brought. When I complained (each time), I was told that I never asked or received no response. Okay. Goodbye.
if you live in the neighborhood chances are you've been here, 
if you don't live in the neighborhood than i suggest going elsewhere.

the salads are bland,
the mozzerella sticks are lukewarm, 
the garlic knots lack garlic, 
the staff is never pleasant,
etc.

i actually like the pizza, 
by the slice it's a rip off, 
it's usually been sitting there for a while, 
or burned, 
ew.

i'm happy with a large cheese pizza to go, 
i've never had a bad experience with that, 
it's also a good price.
Ordered on grub hub, brought the wrong soda. Took a half hour for the driver to return even though they are five minutes away. Cancelled and asked them to take it off the bill, refused, and driver pounded on my door for five minutes asked him to leave. A shame, I loved their food, but never again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm surprised by all of the negative reviews. This place isn't supposed to be gourmet. It's greasy, delicious-ness when you crave it. The staff aren't super friendly but who cares?
Only place I know where you can't get your food how you want it! The night manager sucks!
Horrible serious they don't even deserve one star they gave me the wrong thing they wouldn't deliver me what I ordered the manager had nothing but attitude hung up on me refused to send what I ordered. This place has no concept of customer service
I don't understand the other reviews of this place.  It's a pizza joint where you can buy reheated slices.  Of course a pork sandwich isn't a good choice.  Don't you have to base your reviews at least a little bit on what the place is trying to be?  You can't compare le bec fin and taco bell, is all I'm sayin.
J&J is good for what it is.  Greek style (read: grease-tastic) pizza, cool combinations of toppings, lots of fried go-alongs.  They are open, like, anytime.  They are two blocks from my place.  What's not to like?  Servers that ask if they can help you - who complains about that?  Sounds like a positive to me!  Oh and by the way, workers and residents both deserve to park in South Philly.  How else do you expect them to get to work so they can serve pizza you'll complain about?
I call this place "the lady who looks through my soul". The lady at cashier has this mean look on her face every time I place an order here. It seems to me like she doesn't like working here or she just knows I hate this place. The pizza is very oily. The wings aren't too great. I'm surprised this place has been running this long. Workers here doesn't seem like they have a lot of passion for this place. However, the bathroom is clean. Two stars for clean bathroom!
I find myself kind of laughing at part of the reviews. You have one 2 days away from a tooth extraction complaining about food (no food going to taste very good at that time; and the fact they ask if the can help you? wtf). You have one complaning about menus and paint chips (must have a chip on his or her shoulder).  Someone complaining when it may have been the delivery.com faux pas (you did say you hadn't had a problem before that?). Some complaining about the food like it's supposed to be a gourmet restaurant. Then there are those complaining just because they can. IT'S A PIZZA JOINT! Quick service at a good price. The pizza is good. The Cheesesteaks are good. The salads are fresh. The fries are good. What else to you want? BTW next time go to ACME and buy the ingredients, then spend and hour fixing it. (It will cost you a lot of time and money)!
Overall the pizza was just your average pizza; however, the customer service here was terrible. Right off the bat the woman who took our order looked miserable and had a pretty nasty attitude the whole time. It wasn't just us, but other customers as well. I needed to use the bathroom and so I was given a key to get in. The real problem was when I was trying to give the key back to the lady. There was a family ordering so I didn't want to be rude and ask them to move just so I could give back a key. There wasn't anyone waiting for the bathroom and there wasn't anyone else in the place beside my family and the family who was ordering. As I was waiting to give the key back, the woman yelled at me for not giving it back! What did she think I was going to do with the key?? The family was ordering as she yelled at me with a nasty tone so not only was she rude to me but the other customers. Definitely not coming back here again.
Customer service skills alone I give it a 1 star. I ordered a few things using the online menu and was unaware of the specials when I called. I called back a minute or two later after I found a menu and the person on the phone would not adjust the order to accommodate the special. I have always heard good things about this place and it is very disappointing to have an experience like this.
Didn't expect it but, J&J South Philly Pizza was definitely magnificent. Unique place. Absolutely tasty and wholesome. The crew was very pleasant and service is excellent. I'd say my experience here was perfect.
every time i call for the last 2 days i get hung up on.i wanted to get food for 20 friends but i had to order somewhere else.get your phones fixed or fired employees who are not professional and ghetto acting like little kids.
They don't deserve even 1star!! Ugh... nasty phillycheesesteak  came to Philly to eat their signature food and this place had fake ass meat old bread , lamb gyro sandwich is awful too. Service is negative unfriendly and rude!! I don't give many reviews but I wouldnt recommend except if you eat dog food!!
I tried upon recommendation,but honestly it was a bit subpar. Wife's chicken parm had no sauce and was just chicken and cheese...and my caesar wrap was kind of flimsy and dry also. Better off getting the salad.
This spot used to be good, however, as of late not sure if they changed management or cooks, but the food really went sort of downhill.   The chicken fingers vary in size (of the chicken finger) every time you order.   The Tuna hoagie had barely enough tuna in it....barely.     And no matter how many times we say it, salt pepper, ketchup on the fries they always arrive "bald" (nothing on them) and last time the fries were delivered cold, like they have been sitting out.      They never put anything on the fries; they used to.

The delivery staff is very nice though.
whoever the lady that pickup the phone n take ur order need to go!!! wat a bad attitude.... i read not 1 but 10-15pep have the same problem with this lady!!!! wat a b.....
Best Italian Grinder we've ever had! We'll definitely be back from Michigan for this! :)
The spicy fries with cheese were amazing--- they were well seasoned curly fries. Absolutely would eat again
J&J is great! Lot's of honest and hard working people churning out great food. They are known for their pizza but their menu is massive! I lived within a block of this place for two years. I know what I am talking about.

Here are reasons to love J&J:
1. You can get a cheeseburger and fries for like $6.
2. They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner
3. They serve harder to find dishes like stuffed shells and lasagna.
4. All kinds of pizza
5. Lots of space to hang out
6. GREAT prices!
7. Food is made in plane sight with fresh ingredients

I moved away but I still come back for the great food. I highly recommend this place to people who want some reasonably priced Italian food in the market.
Immediately coming into the place I was very excited to get pizza. The woman who took my order was very rude and outspoken. I felt very uncomfortable when I was just trying to order. I don't believe she should be in front handling happy customers. BUT don't let the bad service deny you, the food is wonderful!
In the heart of the Italian market and Passyunk Ave is J and J's Pizza. Right next to Geno's and Pat's. They've been around a long time. I remember ordering delivery from them back in the 90's and 2000's on party nights and weekends. 

If you like South Philly style pizza, cheese fries, etc. J and J's is standard fare. I like it okay for a lunch sitting. 

If you can look pass the rude lady at the counter, it's an alright dining location.
