We stopped here for breakfast as we waited for our flight to Cancun.  The atmosphere is very pub like but the tables are all high top which is fine, but the chairs that go with them don't sit right and you feel like you're a little kid eating cause the table is at your chest lol.  We're average size so this was comical. 
I ordered a mimosa which was tasty but the biggest rip off.   I know airport bars aren't cheap I get that.  But presentation helps me to not feel like it's as bad.  If I am eating in - It would be nice to have a glass over a plastic cup.  Assuming this was a covid thing but paying $12 for a plastic cup was a little much.  The breakfast (also served on paper) was okay.  I got a cheese omelette with hashbrowns and rye toast.  They only give you one piece of toast and the potatoes and egg were lacking flavor (which ketchup did help). 
The service was quick and friendly and it did the job we needed it to do so it wasn't a horrible experience.  Just OK overall
Cool fun place, great 80's music, relaxing and good environment after a nine hour flight. Service was really good, our server was gracious and efficient and understood how tired we were and waiting for another connection to get home. I ordered a philly sandwich and was very disappointed.
My friend ordered a house burger and said was
Ok. Overall, service was great, atmosphere great as well but food... well it can improve.
With limited food options during our layover time we decided to check this spot out. The service was so slow, do not come here if you are in a rush. The beer selection and prices were decent. We split two appetizers, the Irish nachos and cheesesteak rolls. They were both below average bar food. It wouldn't be my first choice but like I said our options were very limited.
2 pretzels that I ordered were excellent. But if you are hungry they are not enough. I believe I paid $10 or $12 for these. Again while they were amazing they were not enough and a bit too pricey for what you get.  My bill was $20 for that and a water. 

People around me food looked amazing so maybe I just ordered the wrong item as I was hungrier than I thought. Next time I think I will go for the rueben.
Terminal A doesn't have many options. If you want a bar, you go to Jack Duggan's. 

My house merlot for about $7-$8 in a decent size glass did the trick. I didn't feel like pub food so didn't eat, but it did smell good. It did look pretty greasy though. 

The service was quick and the servers knew you didn't have a lot of time. 

I wasn't a fan of the fruit flies I had to keep swatting away. 

Better than nothing, but nothing good.  If you aren't going to eat, I'd recommend sitting in the bar-only area versus the restaurant.
The simple fact that this is in an airport elevates what what normally be a three star rating to a four...

Despite being in an airport, JD's still manages to maintain that cozy and friendly pub feel I have come to love from growing up and being stationed in Europe, where the Irish Pub is as ubiquitous as a taco truck in Austin. 

With a little time (5 hours) to spare, I decided to stop in and grab a bite and a drink. The food was a little below average airport pricing and shockingly good. Fish and chips - whole flounder fillet, not battered, but breaded and lightly fried to golden perfection. Piping hot on a bed of seasoned (delicious) fries. Not traditional, but damned tasty. They have the standard pub beers you'd expect...Guinness, Sam Adams etc..., but also boast a handful of local craft beers. The local beers were solid and of average price for non-airport, around $5 a pint (Guinness pint...around $9). I had a few beers and a rye chaser, which was generously poured and also well below standard airport pricing.

The atmosphere was fun and friendly...patrons were talking to each other and having a good time. For just a short time, it was easy to forget I was in an incredibly busy international airport. This will be my go-to spot anytime I fly through Philly.
The best thing about this airport bar is the ample seating at the bar; many airport bars often have limited seating, but the one has at least 30 seats at the bar. The bartenders are friendly enough and appear to have more skill than you might find in the average drinkslinger . It is strange to find Kathy and Melissa bartending at the airport, for they are certainly good enough to have a strong following out in the real world.
We connected at PHL on our way from Miami to Dublin in January, and my husband was craving a Philly cheese steak enroute, and of course, this outlet at the airport served up a pretty good version.   The portion was very generous, and the meal was tasty.  I had a chopped salad which was good quality, also.  

The service was a bit slow getting the food out, even though there were very few customers dining.  Also, we noticed a number of employees "hanging out" near the bar at which we were seated, and there was lots of chit chat going on about scheduling and other topics of no interest to the customers.  I understand this is not fine dining but expect that employee/internal conversations should be done in the back and out of customer view/earshot.  

All in all, okay, but not great.
I really want to give this place the benefit of the doubt, but they did me dirty when all I wanted was a burger and a beer. 

I had about 2 hours to kill before my flight, so I hopped in the only bar I saw in terminal A. It was pretty packed which gave me some pretty high hopes. Trusting the ease of a burger and a beer, I ordered their standard burger (medium rare) and swapped out the fries with a salad. The meal came out on a plastic plate with some plastic cutlery to match, which I found kind of surprising. I guess it saves time with a high rotations of patrons. I took a bite of the burger and it wasn't very hot and rather undercooked. I continued on thinking it was just rare, which was the worst mistake I could have made. Before finishing the burger, I had a wicked knot in my stomach and made nervous about my age and inevitable inheritance of my fathers heartburn. I realized the pain went from my chest down to my stomach, and knew it had to be the burger. I'll leave out the details, but facilities were used before the issue was corrected.

Good service and a large glass of beer will not redeem this spot for me, but it's the only reason I didn't go with a one star. Tread with caution.
Ein durchaus nettes, Pub. 
Der Cheeseburger mit Pommes  für 12 Euro am Flughafen ist preislich iin Ordnung. Die Portion war zwar nicht allzu groß, für amerikanische Verhältnisse wahrscheinlich klein, aber mir hats absolut gereicht. Das Heineken für 6,25 ist auch ortsüblich teuer.
Die Bedienung ist freundlich, das Ambiente durchaus nett, angenehm und lustig. Gut hörbare Musik im Hintergrund.
Fazit: wenn man am Phil- Flughafen auf einen Anschluss Flug wartet ist dieses Pub mit angenehmen Sitzmöglichkeiten und Bedienung durchaus empfehlenswert.
So this is a short one. Both the review and our visit. 

Walked in, ordered two beers and a nacho grande with chicken (intending to order some entrees later). Nachos came out with stone COLD cheese. Absolutely disgusting. We got our bill, paid and walked out immediately... Nachos uneaten, beers still full. Waste of money, but it's our vacation and not going to suffer through crap food. Moving on!
For an airport bar, no complaints about Jack Duggar's! It was packed and we quickly grabbed 2 seats at the bar. Our bartender was on her 2nd shift and was clearly exhausted but was friendly and attentive. I opted for the turkey burger and hubs had the cheesesteak. We were pleasantly surprised with both - the turkey burger was well seasoned and wasn't dry, and had all the necessary fixings. The cheesesteak was surprisingly tasty and not dry at all (though could've used a little more cheese.) Fries were great too. Will definitely return next time we are in the terminal!
Boy, Terminal A really stinks when it comes to food choices, at least from what I could tell.  

Wound up here by default, and actually it wasn't bad.  They had a turkey burger on special.  Kind of odd because turkey burgers in restaurants are rarely special.  But it wasn't bad.  The fries were actually quite good.  

It's worth the shot if you're stuck in Terminal A.
Early morning flights don't even bother me anymore because it means I get an egg sandwich from Jack Duggan's. I don't know what it is, but their egg sandwich is one of the best I've ever had. I do whole wheat bread, egg whites, American cheese, and turkey bacon. It's HUGE and can keep you full all day! A little pricey, but then again all airport food is. Delish!
Probably the best feature of Jack Duggan's is that it is located directly across from gate A-3 which is usually the gate from which I leave PHL to head home to DFW. Their servers are great - today they were enduring several Guests who were taking their delay frustrations out on them - yeoman's duty in my book but it comes with the territory.

The food is decent and reasonably priced. They have a decent choice of beers on tap, good house wines, and a fully stocked bar if you're so inclined.
I will preface this by saying I'm a lousy vegetarian when I'm travelling in the US. So many places don't have any veggie entrees at all. Sometimes... I actually choose seafood over the crummy-looking veggie wrap or soggy stir-fry. I did that this time.

Atmosphere: crowded, pubby, a little sticky. Wood and brass.

Service: fast and friendly without being smarmy. The bartender was just a generally good guy and the food showed up super quick. I guess it has to, being in an airport restaurant.

Food: tasty, pubby. I got two appetizers instead of an entree -- buffalo shrimp, which were steamed and then tossed/fried in a complex and herb-laden buffalo sauce (the bartender said no, it does not come in bottles) and some ordinary but tasty fries. 

Price: I got out of there for $20 plus tip after having that food and a pint of good draft beer (Flying Fish Summer Ale). Well worth it. 

I'm only giving three stars because I've only been once to one location, and I think there might be a few of them, but it's a generous three and a half. I'd go again if I found myself with time for a meal before one of the rare Canadian flights out of Terminal A (as opposed to the standard, tiny and underserviced Terminal F).
As far as an airport bar goes, this one was quite right by me.  I haven't gotten any food here yet, but I've had consistantly good service when sitting at the bar, and they have a pretty wide selection of liquors (moreso than I'd expect of quick-stop bar), without breaking the bank.  That's pretty much all I'd ask for in an airport bar.

Will have to return to try food if ever I have the time.
2 stars because it's a bar in an airport and that is necessary for any flight delay or layover. Located in terminal A, this spot is good for a drink and a drink only.  If you are hungry I would suggest getting fast food or something else and then coming here for a beer. 

This place is anything but luxurious. They don't even give you real plates or utensils, it is all plastic. I got the chicken fingers and fries after I was told the chicken caesar wrap was served cold and pre-made...and I def made a mistake. It was less then subpar. The others in my party got the fish and chips, a burger, and the corn beef sandwich...none of them had positive things to say, lol. 

In all, it's good for the alcohol and charging outlets, but avoid the subpar airport food and go for the Saladworks next door.
I like Jack Duggan's for one reason alone: They have plugs for chargers.

Since I had time to kill before my recent international flight, I found an open bar stool here and settled in. I later learned that they have drafts on the other side of their pub (the side with food), but since I already had a seat and a plug, I decided to just deal with their horrific domestic water offerings.

I went with their best beer first -- the Sierra Nevada pale ale -- and selected Blue Moon for my second beer. That's the only time you'll ever read that line from me in any review, so savor this moment. In better news, I earned the Blue Moon badge on Untappd, so some good came from the experience.

But seriously, Blue Moon is crap and they'd probably get more business if they'd add something like a Yards or Victory to their bottle list.
I ate here during a lengthy layover in Philadelphia. Jack Duggan's Pub disappointed me and failed to even meet the lowered expectations I usually reserve for airport restaurants and bars. I ordered some chicken fingers and fries with honey mustard sauce; that's a safe, simple meal that even the worst chef couldn't screw up, right? Somehow Jack Duggan and his appointed kitchen safe managed to bread the worst pieces of chicken ever slaughtered and passed them off to me. 

I had a glass of wine with my meal and it was absolutely terrible so I ordered a Stella Artios during the next round. Our disinterested waitress took forever in bringing out the check. How can service be so slow in an airport restaurant and bar when so many of the patrons are in a hurry to meet their connecting flights? These are the waiters and waitresses that should be the most on their game. Sadly, that was not the case. 

I enjoyed the setup and the decor. Jack Duggan's Pub would have been a nice place to relax with friends during a layover if only the food and service were better.
Was looking for a philly cheesesteak place during a layover at the airport. Jack Duggan's was recommended by the information desk workers and the Yelp reviews seems to be slightly better than some others.

So ordered the cheesesteak with peppers and mushrooms and provolone cheese. The peppers and mushrooms costed extra. 

Since the sandwich comes with fries, I asked for ranch dressing to dip my fries in and overheard the waitress and the kitchen staff laughing about my ranch dressing. I thought it was a bit rude and guess it may have been a California thing.

The cheesesteak came with canned mushroom which I don't know if that's the norm there but I generally get fresh sauteed mushroom in the BA. I can hardly detect the green peppers. The lemonade was refreshing nevertheless.

I am sure I can get better cheesesteak outside of the airport but it was worth a try.
I was a bit disappointed with this place as they do not provide Silverware.  I wasn't looking for a 5 star restaurant in the airport, but I also didn't expect to dine with plastics ware.  Once I got over this disappointment, I was surprised with the quality of the Salad that I purchased.  It was plentiful and tasty.  Again, it is all in the presentation....the salad was served on foam plates like you are at a picnic (lol).  

We ordered the Shrimp Salad, side of French Fries & Turkey Burger with Fries.  I must stress, the food itself was good, the presentation left a lot to be desired.  The salad dressing was not adequate as I do not like salad dressing that came from the grocery store.  I can do that myself.  I like restaurant quality salad dressing.

The service was adequate.  In some cases, the staff seemed to be aloof and in other cases, they were attentive.  Which means that service is a hit or miss.

If you are looking for a bite without presentation, this is a place to eat.  They do have plenty of outlets to charge your devices and you can nurse a drink until your flight.
Gets your drinks here, but avoid the food! Got the nachos and it was fake cheese dribbles on over-cooked chicken with party colored heavily salted chips. I know it's airport food, but this is sub par to say the least.
I had a few hours to kill at the airport so I decided to grab a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich and a much needed glass of wine at Jack Duggan's Pub. There aren't a lot of dining options in Terminal A at the Philadelphia Int'l Airport. I could have went to another terminal after I cleared through security, but my feet were sore and I was exhausted so I decided to give JD's a chance. 

The menu was mostly bar food and even the items that should have been healthy (salads) sounded unhealthy. I figured I had to have the Philly Cheesesteak since I was in Philadelphia and was very pleased with my choice. The sandwich came with fries and I added green peppers and provolone cheese to the Philly. Was this the most authentic cheesesteak sandwich? Probably not, but it tasted great to me! The bread was soft and the toppings were generous and delicious so I was happy. My sandwich was so huge that I only could eat half of it. Even better? The meal was only $12; not bad for an airport sitdown dinner!

I wasn't a fan of my cheap tasting, overpriced glass of Cabernet, but my friendly and super attentive waitress made me overlook the bad wine. I can imagine this place is a zoo during the lunch and dinner rush so be sure to give yourself plenty of time to eat if you are in a hurry.
What a joke I'm a flight attendant working so I went to the bar side because it wasn't crowded. I walked in the bartender is the only one there she expected me to sit at the bar so she didn't have to walk to my table... I'm working I can't sit at your bar. I walked over to the tables they were all dirty I sat at the cleanest one. She yells across the bar to me do you want a menu? Obviously I'm here to eat! She brings me one asked what I want to drink I said iced tea, unsweetened well they don't have that. I I asked for water she won't bring me a glass of water she will only sell me a bottle. I got up and left. I've eaten here before and decided the food wasn't worth sitting at a dirty table and getting crappy service.
If you find yourself in the Philadelphia airport for an hour or more, this is a good place to grab a beer and something to eat before taking off. Such was the case for The Hus and myself, so we split the cheese steak sandwich (several cheese options) that came with fries, and had a few pints of the local IPA they had on tap. 

The service was probably the best part of the experience - George the bartender was warm and efficient and genuinely amused when I told him it was my first cheese steak. 

As far as airport bars and food go, this place was pretty decent. Prices were reasonable, service was fast and friendly, and the food was tasty.
Terminal A-East is a sad, sad place to have to kill time before a flight - or find anywhere decent to eat and drink. At first I wanted to try the newly opened Yards "Takeoff Lounge", but it looked like they only had cold to-go sandwiches and salads to eat -- and we were completely ignored after sitting down for about 10 minutes to try to order a beer/see if there were any other offerings. So, off to Jack Duggan's we went, which I remembered from past experience was nothing to write home about.

Memory pretty much served me correctly. On the plus side, there were a few more local/better beers on tap than before (including one or two from Yards, amusingly enough.) And the Old Fashioned I ordered was strong, and well-made. But the food was just, well, really sad. I ordered a hamburger with mushrooms, and the mushrooms were clearly from a can. How hard is it to slice and saute some fresh mushrooms?! Sweetie's cheesesteak looked unremarkable as well.

Overall, hang out here for some stiff drinks pre-flight, but grab your food elsewhere.
Not many seat down restaurants in all terminals at Philadelphia international airport. Jack Duggan's is one of them. Server was pleasant and welcoming. We chose "Shepherd pie" and "Fish and Chips". Both meals were very good. Selection of beers is small, but they had what we wanted. Guinness and Blue moon, yes , we liked it. Selection of desserts, only one choice, is disappointing. We had to pass it.
We had a Saturday evening flight out of Terminal A, and this place was the only spot to grab a pre-vacation Corona and some food. It was packed, but we managed to get a little table for two against the wall.  

Beer: Served cold, not too expensive. Can't complain here.

Food: Eh... we ordered the buffalo shrimp and mozzarella sticks. Expected the shrimp to be fried, but they weren't, just doused in buffalo sauce. Mozzarella sticks tasted like they'd come right from the freezer. 

Service: Quick, but brusque.  They were busy, and probably could have used some additional servers.
Good beer and bad food. Everything seems deep fried and serviced on plastic plates with plastic utensils. 

The staff is pretty nice as is the service. Good place to grab a beer before a flight but save your cash on the food.
Typical over-priced, so-so airport food.  Nothing was horrible, but nothing was very good either.  I had a chicken quesadilla, and the person I was with had a Philadelphia cheesesteak.  Throw in a couple of drinks and you are looking at a fairly sizeable tab.  The worst part about the experience here was how slow the service was.  We had a fairly long layover and it's a good thing because this place only knows two speeds:  slow and slower.  

Sadly, I skipped over the food options in Terminal F (which had a Chipotle, a Smashburger and other decent choices).  The next time I fly through PHL, I will know that Terminal F has the better options.
Eh. The server asked me how I wanted my burger. If it all comes out well done why ask?  Really good service even though the food is average at best.
Horrible food - chicken cheesesteak was like sand. Not even edible. Dirty. AC barely functional.  Just an awful experience
I stopped by this pub while waiting for my flight back to Orlando.  It is located in the A Terminal of the Philadelphia (PHL) Airport.  The lighting was brighter than you'd expect for an Irish Pub (this may be due to the fact that it is IN an airport) but the atmosphere was spot on; there were a number of small groups enjoying their time while waiting awaiting their departures.  The bartender was cordial and offered her recommendation of their Philly Cheese Steak which I enjoyed.  The roll was fresh, the cheese melted to perfection and the beef had a good, not too salty, flavor.   The pour in my Captain & Coke was along the lines of what you'd get at any chain but the pricing for a double was below average.   The bar is set up in such a way to promote chatting with the person next to you and I enjoyed a nice conversation with a woman named Jen who was off to Ft. Lauderdale for a girl's weekend.  

I am adding this establishment as I couldn't find it on Yelp.  I will definitely stop there again the next time I'm in the Philadelphia Airport.
Wow.  Bad cannot describe this place. It needs to be hosed down. The floors and bar need a hazmat team to come in. 

Food .... Skip just start drinking.
So I have been here a few times and never thought to review this place until I got such great service today while sitting at the bar. 

The bartender was so friendly and nice that she kept me talking about where I am from and what I was doing. 

It seemed like a genuine interest, not just for a tip. 

That being said  that has a "local selection of beer" (not great beer just local to philly)c and I got the BIG BREAKFAST.  It was a waffle two eggs and three slices of pork roll. 

It was very editable!  Lol  what can I say. It is breakfast. And a good one.
Probably one of the few gems of a venue inside of an awful airport, Philadelphia International. Jack Duggan's is one of those pubs that stretches across both sides of aisle space within the terminal. I had the pleasure of sitting within the main area on the right side of the aisle.

Upon entering, I was greeted with that usual Philadelphia snarkiness from a brunette server when I asked if there were any available seats. "Take a look around hon, and you'll see" was pretty much the response I got, and then she walked away. Really? I blew it off and sat at the main bar area (can seat up to 30 people, I think) rather than the regular seating area.

I wound up ordering one of the foot long Philadelphia hot dogs, as well as a burger. The fries that came with both orders were outstanding. The IPA brew that was on draft was quite hoppy. So good was the drafts that I must have had 4-5 tall ones over the course of 2.5 hours while I waited for my flight back to DFW, chatting it up with a very attractive 25-some brunette from Delaware that was heading to Vegas for a weekend of debauchery. That part of the evening was fun.

The star of the evening (other than the female eye candy) was the young male bartender. This guy (a student going to Penn) up sold me in a good way with the meals, in addition to having an awareness of his guests despite there being at least 20-some people at the bar + another female bartender further down. I give him kudos for paying attention to his patrons, which was more than what I can say for his fellow servers (a bit clueless).

Overall, the price is what I expected in an airport 20-25% markup on everything. However, the food and drink is quite good. Considering that there are a lot of snack options in this airport such as hot dogs and pretzels, Jack Duggan's is a good spot to stop at to get a good meal in prior to your flight as well as to have good, if not interesting conversation.
I do not really eat at airports but we got stuck at the airport for too long and had to eat something. Our server was very nice and attentive. We ordered philly cheesesteak and buffalo shrimp. They came out quick. My mom liked her sandwich with onion, mushroom and green pepper, with a side of fries. I was too exhausted to realize that actually I do not like buffalo sauce... (-_-) So no comment on the shrimp dish.
Portion and price were fine. Not bad for a meal at an airport.
Put in an order for pretzel sticks and half hour later still waiting.  Waiter said he would check and didnt. I had to go to the bar and get my own glass of wine. Rude and incompetent for simple bar food. Being generous with one star.
Had an hour to pass before my flight and wandered into the Jack Duggan's pub.  I am so glad I did.  Stacey K was our server and one of the best bartenders I have encountered.  Very funny and professional though she was crazy busy.  The chili was delicious and the quesadillas were perfect. The  drinks and ambiance were the icing on the cake.  

Go Stacy stay in the business perfect personality for the business.
I always have a hard time finding a good place to eat in airport restaurants. The food isn't ever great and it to much money for what you get! I went with a cheesesteak, come on where in Philadelphia they can't screw it up. The sandwich hat more meat then I expected. I went with the side salad over French fries, which was a better choice. Not a bad place if you find yourself waiting for a flight in Philadelphia.
Stopped by for the steak and cheese. We had one with provolone and one with cheddar. The service was good and it was a nice place to relax in some comfy chairs during our layover. Our waiter was prompt and kept checking on us. As for the steak and cheese they were ok. Not bad but not great. I did take half of mine to go and was given foil and a plastic bag which was very nice. We may try other places on our next layover.
Okay for drinks not for food. The food came out on paper plates. The mozzarella sticks were good but the nachos were nasty. The cheese was cold. Eat elsewhere if you can.
Is it weird to review an airport restaurant? Who cares! 

I got the turkey sandwich and couldn't believe how delicious it was. Fresh and fast, not your typical airport fare.
I ordered two dirty martinis. As I was waiting for the 2nd one, it was taking a really long time. I glanced at where the server was standing and she yelled at me across the room "It's coming, don't roll your eyes at me". She actually said that. And I had to think for a second "wait...was she actually talking to me?" Then she hostilely put my drink down with the check and walked away before I could ask about her attitude. The bill said one stoli and one greygoose when I had only asked for two vodka dirty martinis. I flagged her down to ask her about it and she snaps "we don't serve cheap drinks here..I mean, we don't just have cheap well alcohol that we serve"...this bish be CRAZY!!! After that, I asked her what her problem was and called her out on her ridiculous attitude, and next thing I know we're yelling back and forth at each other in front of everyone. Her majesty finally stormed away from me and the bartender told me I didn't have to pay for my drinks. I didn't even drink the 2nd one because I was so put off by her. 
I can't imagine she will last very long but the fact that no manager or anyone else stepped up to try to resolve the situation tells me enough about this place to know I'll never go again.
As far as airport food goes, this ranks high. Had the turkey sandwich, it was excellent. Several beers on tap. The soup is always good. If you are in terminal A, this is a can't miss.
The cheesesteak was very nice for an airport terminal bar.  The beer prices are decent and the location is great.

But there is simply not enough space.  Getting around with a bag or two is impossible, the walkways are too narrow.
Wow, what a ripoff. Had three cups of coffee. The bartender, who was not even friendly, didnt tell the refills were $1 a piece. $3.00? Come on.

Go somewhere else and save your money
Incredibly low quality food.  Probably nice if you just want a drink.  I wish I had checked more places before I chose this one.
Hint: there seems to be very little air circulation and warm air from the kitchen blows into the back of the restaurant, so position yourself upfront for a more pleasant experience (and you will smell less like fried food on your flight).

Fries - standard fries, but the best app we tried
Chicken tenders - too well done qualify as "tender"
Nachos - a less-than-mediocre dish smothered in ground meat and cheese whiz and beans, this is probably a poor choice for someone about to get on a plane or even someone in general

I do have to say the wait staff was very pleasant and accommodating, especially for having patrons with awkwardly sized luggage.
Plain and simple-Their Philly Cheesesteak is by far the best in the airport. Sometimes when really busy, it falls a little short, but generally, when flying American Airlines, I will route myself thru Philly and not Charlotte, just so I can grab one of these sammies!
This pub was a great find in the Philly Airport.  We had arrived from Puetro Rico on our way to Pittsburgh.  And it had been so long since we had last eaten that we also forgot that we were hungry!  

We got a high top table.  And even though it was late in the evening, our server was very friendly and even happy to see us!

We followed other Yelper's advice and got a Philly Cheesesteak.  It was excellent!  I got an order of Buffalo Shrimp.  A little hot and spicy!  All in all, a nice surprise!
The place looked very nice and I was able to sit there and work while my flight was delayed 3 hours. But the food ridiculously pricy and when it came it was in little plastic containers and tasted like cafeteria food!!
I was traveling and had a layover in Philly and some time to kill between planes. Hungry and in Philly, I tried unsuccessfully to find a reasonably affordable way to get to the city and back within the allotted time for a cheesesteak & to meet up with a friend.

Disappointed by cab prices, I hopped on my Blackberry and found this an article claiming this place had a good cheesesteak. I was skeptical, but hungry and decided to give this place a try.

The cheesesteak was AWFUL!!! Dry and nasty, bland and boring, and the meat was a light tan color and processed. It had little empty "spots" along the shredded, processed meat (Steak-Um?) where the fat burned off.

The meat was disgustingly dry and just - YUCK.

I had a good cheesesteak at Sonny's Famous Steak Hogies in Hollywood Florida just a few days prior to this disaster. Now THAT was a good, yummy, delicious cheesesteak. This place should stop trying to do something so horribly that the rest of Philadelphia seems to do right.

A total waste of $10. The fries were really good, I just wish I got more of them because I would have gladly ate those instead of that sad joke of a sandwich.

DON'T BE MISLEAD BY THIS ARTICLE! AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!
I agree with yelper below about airport food so ordered with low expectations and had voucher for free food from airline.  Ordered the philly cheesesteak with fried onion and provelone.  It came with fries too.  All fresh and piping hot.  roll was fresh and a good bit of cheese.   This place was really good.    Can't vouch for anything but the steak and fries.  also service was very quick and nice.
This restaurant is located in sleepy Terminal A at PHL. Things are done on the cheap here including plastic silverware and plates. The menu is typical bar food, but there are a couple of daily specials that might catch your eye. 

Overall, the place is nothing special but after three weeks of Army duty at Ft. Dix, some alone time with a couple of beers and classic rock playing on the radio was a welcome respite before heading home.
Are you serious, i had a hot dog, bread was cold and i had to add the condiments from pouch bags this hot-dog is 9$, i returned it bread was to cold. Look like cafeteria food. Food was serve in styrofoam plates. It's says Irish Bar usually Irish Bar good drink and food the 1 star is for the waitress.
I had a few hours to wait for my flight and decided to come in and check this place out since it was right by my gate. I was pleasantly suppressed after reading some of the negative reviews on here. I had a Bloody Mary to start, and then a philly cheese steak since it's Philadelphia after all. My Bloody was smaller than I would like, but mixed perfectly with just enough spice and citrus to it. My cheese steak was HUGE and so good. My waitress/bartender was warm and inviting.
It started off badly when the only entrance states "exit only".  I went in anyway, not knowing exactly what to do, and sat at a "bar seat".  It was really just a seat facing the airport with my back to the bar.  But, there were outlets, so that was a plus.  
I ordered, and requested water (this is in the airport, and travelers are usually thirsty).  I was informed that only bottled water was available.  Great...  charge me for something that could have easily been given by the soda fountain.  
My food came - the Philly with whiz and French fries.  First, there was hardly any whiz on the stale roll, and the meat was super salty.  Thank goodness I had my bottled water.  But the worst was the fries.  Yuck!  Seriously dried out flavorless logs of sadness.  So disappointing!
I would not recommend this establishment to any travelers - it's just not good.
Absolutely do not bother. There is a coffee bar next door amd a few food places down the terminal if you need lunch/dinner. Jack Duggan's seems to think customer service should come with a side of snide remarks and incredibly rude demeanor. 

I had to pay for my order in full before sitting down, which is fine.

I ordered a late breakfast here 45 min before my boarding time and patiently waited at one of the assigned tables. I had ordered a drink and that was served to me the bartender who was pretty prompt so I'll give him that. But nearly 30 minutes went by without so much as an update from the waitress. Everyone who was in line behind me was served before I was, which usually isn't a huge deal, so I waved my hand and asked the waitress if she has an update on my order, to which she replied "look, you need to order at the counter". When I reminded her I had ordered and she was the one who took the order, she said nothing and disappeared for another 5 min. When I saw her again, she was serving someone else. I politely and firmly asked her if I could get my food to go at this point, she actually made a point to flip her palm in my face and say, "Jesus Christ, you'll get it when you get it." 

I picked up and left. Repeated attempts to contact the restaurant has been ignored (hung up when I asked to speak to the manager or supervisor). Only plus side is I got my money back bc of the credit card t&C's, but I caution anyone traveling thru this terminal to NOT stop here.
The GF and I needed to grab some dinner from Philadelphia International before our flight to Paris. So we stopped by Jack Duggan's to grab some standard pub fare. Expectations are always a bit diminished at an airport, but that doesn't mean that consistency and execution need to be sacrificed. Luckily, this doesn't appear to be the case at Jack Duggan's - at least based on this trip. 

Beef Nacho Grande [$11.99]

We shared the beef nachos which was substantial, studded with spicy jalapenos, sweet cinnamon-based chili with beans, olives, and freshly chopped tomatoes. This was all drenched in a nicely sharp cheese sauce.

Chicken Fingers [$10.99]

The chicken fingers were hot, juicy, and crisply fried. The fries were just as good - crispy, creamy, and well-seasoned. 

Overall, Jack Duggan's has got you covered if you need some familiar tastes served with a smile. Service was a bit slow, but it's friendly. Fair warning, tables are hard to come by during prime time so you may be relegated to staring at a wall while sitting on a bar stool.
Chicken wings... 8.
Showed up with out any side sauces... then buffalo showed up.. I had to ask for blue cheese to join us 
Celery is not invited to join the party...
Well, normally I can't stand airport food.  This place hit my expectations.  

We split an order of fish and chips.  That's typically an easy dish.  The chips batter tasted a little old and the fish... apart from being dry, I don't know what they were frying but I thought it was pretty gross.  For the most part, this place is typical pub fare but not at all what the great pubs in Philly have to offer.  

Again, airports aren't known for their cuisine but if I would have had this in town, it would have been a 1 star.
We stopped in at the pub in Philadelphia airport (Term A) and had 35 min to get a cocktail before our flight.    The server was really disorganized, rude and totally clueless.    Another server stepped in when we asked for help and we saw the other server more than our person.   To make matters worse... the Guinness (in an Irish Pub) was HORRIBLE!!!!    The clearly have no clue how to pour one and it tasted like the beer lines have never been cleaned - the Guinness family would be a shamed of this place.

Really one of the worst experiences ever in a bar/pub.
WORST buffalo  chicken fingers ever!!   Let's start with the sauce. Thick as glue and tasted like paint.  If this is the sauce that is used for the wings then stay away. They  shot for  the middle and missed.   Everything here is average average at best. The bar tender was pleasant and nice.
I stopped in and ordered the chicken Marsala. The meal came in a styrofoam plate with plasticware. Ok. Ok except that it was quite a battle to cut into this very tough chicken breast. And the sauce had the same flavor of a Salisbury steak tv dinner. Bleh. I gave up half way through.it, The waitress apologized and gave me my full bill. Skip this place, go on down to the fast food. Take the express ealkwa toward the other terminals- it's three minutes and there are great choices, like vino volo.
Draft beer and good food. I ordered the Philly cheesesteak spring rolls. Figured I had a 50/50 shot of how those would turn out...but they were really good. Great way to spend a layover.
I figured, I'm in Philly - I gotta get me a Philly Cheese Steak! Finely chopped steak on Italian roll with choice of melted American, Swiss, Provolone, or Whiz Cheese, $11.50. I selected Provolone and added mushrooms for an additional 50 cents (taste like canned mushrooms). Super, SUPER oily sandwich, but quite delicious. Lots of meat is stuffed between the bread, but I would prefer a larger piece of bread to balance all the oil. TONS of fries - Pennsylvania sure likes to load up on fries! Small tables with high stools available for seating. For airport food, this place is pretty good!
Staff does not care. You order water with no ice and in comes the ice. 'A medium rare burger please' and out comes an overly cooked burger tasting like pure char at the edge of meat patty all around. Although you ordered water they charge you for a random beer. To top it off they charged for an extra burger too and Philly cheese steak sandwich. The level of careless disregard  almost seems intentional. What restaurant ever has gotten your order this wrong? In the end I explained all the issues and was given a warm and kind shoulder shrug. They did remove the extra burger, sandwich and beer. An extremely poor choice to have lunch or dine here. My plug is on gate A7 again so I decided to give this spot a chance. You don't want to risk being in my shoes. Try going 100feet further to eat or have refreshments.
