I've been driving past this restaurant for years and I never stopped in because the restaurant that was there before them was not very good. It was late, late one Friday night and I was coming from a friends party in Doylestown and please-no of fence but to me suburban parties usually leave me hungry, they don't throw down like we do in Philly. 
I was driving down Wyncote ave heading to Germantown when I past Jamaican D's and there was a guy outside jerking the Hell out of somebody's Chicken, I could smell it a couple of blocks away! 
I parked and went inside and the small takeout place was very clean with the food on display in technicolor right before your eyes in a large food warmer. The foods were so colorful with an over abundance of fresh Veggies. There was Curry Chicken & Goat, Ox Tails, Stew Beef & Stew Chicken, BBQ Ribs and every side order known from Plantains to Steamed Cabbage. This is my second trip here and so far the food has been excellent! The portions are-say it with me "L-E-G-E-N-D-A-R-Y"! 
There's also a Rasta DJ spinning Discs and selling his own mixed Dance hall, Soca, and Reggae Cd's, so you can get your groove on while your getting served and you can even keep the flow going if you buy a disc and continue while chomping on some pretty good grub. Just don't try to eat it all at once, half of it will taste even better tomorrow.
I was in the neighborhood for a volunteer event. Yelp guided me here for lunch. 

One plate of jerk chicken with rice and peas and macaroni later, and I will gladly drive back up here from southern Delco sometime to eat it again. 

It was insanely good. Amazing! 

I love these types of places more than fine dining. The flavors are intense here.
Ok, I would have given them 3 or 4 stars, but this is why I didn't. After reading the awesome reviews, my family and I decided to try some authentic Jamaican food from this place. We live in the upper Northeast area of Philadelphia which depending on traffic, is a 20-30 minute ride to this location. I called them several times to make sure they had oxtails available, and they did not answer their phone. A business that doesn't answer the phone??? Ok, next! But again because of the reviews, my sons took the ride for me and my husband to get the food. And lo and behold.....They had NO OXTAILS!!! Hmmm, could have saved a trip and being disappointed had someone answered the phone before hand. So, I told my sons that my husband and I would just get the barbecue chicken platter. But I also wanted a jamaican beef patty. Guess what??? They didn't have those either. This is an authentic Jamaican restaurant....Right? Fortunately, the place was not crowded and my sons were waited on fairly quickly and my sons said the ladies up front were nice. Now onto the food :

The Portions : Huge!! I got the medium platter and could only eat half of it. I am a woman who is not afraid of food, but I loss this round. Lots of food. Whew!

The Price : Very reasonable. $10 for a medium platter of your choice of meat and 2 or 3 sides.

The Macaroni & Cheese : Not as good as mine, but tasty. The noodles were overcooked though.

The Rice & Peas : Very good with just the right amount of spice.

The Collard Greens : Absolutely delicious! I am used to savory, spicy collards with a touch of vinegar to give it a kick. But these had a sweetness to them, and they were cooked to perfection. Soooo good.

The Barbecue Chicken : I have tasted better, but it was good.

Suggestion(s) to the Owner/Establishment : (1) Please answer your phone for your customes, especially the new customers. There are those of us who are not regulars or from the "hood" and are coming from a distance to support and experience what your business has to offer and need information before making the trip....(2) Invest in a website for your business. They are fairly inexpensive and some are free. That way your customers  can view your menu and know what is available on what days, your specials and your prices.

Will I go back? If they have oxtails and beef patties available, possibly yes.
H U G E portions!

Upon pulling up there was a police car parked outside...so I was a little taken back, but I also noticed the packed interior. There shouldn't be a line if the food is delicious, right? The food was very flavorful, atmosphere was entertaining and staff was welcoming. I ordered a medium Jerk Chicken tray with cabbage and rice with beans. The chicken was extremely tasty, but not as spicy as I would like. I would consider it tasty along with my side dishes. The chicken was placed on top of the rice which added an excellent flavor. Also, the food came in less than five minutes. This was not bad since the food was hot. 

I will return.
I can't stop in Philadelphia and not get a platter from Jamaican D's . My go to is the Jerk platter with gravy over rice, Mac & cheese, sweet potatoes. I would consider paying to see anyone finish a platter in one sitting. The portions are so large that I always have left overs for the next day.
I have been to the food truck on Temple's main campus at Broad and Montgomery. It is by far the best food on campus and the best value!! I have had the jerk chicken, jerk salmon, curry goat and oxtail.  The rice and beans, greens, sweet plantains and mac & cheese are always perfectly done. They close at five so don't wait too late!!
What is going on!? The food has substantially gone downhill. One to two years ago this would be my spot! Now?! It's absolute garbage. I have no idea who is running the kitchen now but they gotta go. It's a slippery slope to business closing. C'mon man, please get it together!
By far the best Jamaican food in the city. I usually refrain from getting jerk chicken due to it always being dry. However the jerk chicken was moist and perfectly seasoned. The portions were very large. My fiance and I ate it for 2 days and still have some left. I ordered the Oxtails while he ordered the Jerk chicken. The large orders came with 3 sizes each. 

We definitely will be back to try more items on the menu.
I have heard about this place for years, I have just never gotten around to eating here.

Going to visit a friend, I was hungry and realized I was in the area.

I pulled up, parked, and stood in line at the truck, as the line inside was ridiculous. I stood for about 20 minutes before the lady told us that we should go inside because she didn't have much food left. 

So inside I went... to stand in the long line. I was in line for over an hour. For the life of me, idk why I stayed... HUNGER.

I did not appreciate all of the flies. 

Once I got my food, it was very good. Coming from a West Indian family, half of which is Jamaican... I am a tough critic. But i enjoyed my bbq jerk chicken. 

I would come back to this place, only if the line wasn't so long!
First time here, and while disappointed that there was no goat, I did the brown stew chicken. It was sooo good, I mean delish. The portion is HUGE and I'm an eater, I have dinner for tonight and maybe the following. The line was legit long, but worth it to me in the end. I will definitely be back....
I tried Jamaican Ds last night.  The greens has sugar in them.  The mac & cheese is missing a lot (the cheesiness). The hot jerk 
Chicken taste like plain old bbq. The curry goat was just okay.
I will not be recommending Jamaican Ds.
I hate this place. I vomited when I ate my food. They use to be a good restaurant but because they became popular and start cooking in bulk for all the trucks the flavor is not there for me and its not authentic anymore. They give you a big amount but I guess that's what people see and think it's good food.
Randomly at a conference in Philly and decided to type Jerk Chicken and this was the first thing to pop up. So I decided to drive there and all I can think about is chicken up until I saw the smoker they had outside releasing smoke.


All I could think about is the Caribbean and when I went to the front of the location, the music was playing, the food truck was park in front, the smoker was blowing fumes and the line was incredible.

As I waited on line for about 25 mins (WAS WELL WORTH IT), I went to the front and didn't know what to get. BTW THE PRICES ARE INCREDIBLE. YOU PAY for what you deserve or maybe more. For 12 dollars I got a LARGE which included three sides MAC n Cheese (AMAZING mmmm), Collard GREENS (So good) and Cabbage with RICE drizzled in oxtail sauce with JERK CHICKEN..

Let me start off by saying that I got like 6 huge pieces of chicken and the portion was huge. It lasted me 2 days! 

All I can say is this place is AMAZINGG!!!! I drove from New York City and I couldn't believe the authentic recipe and taste this had. Being that I am a chef I rank this food being delicious.

Follow me on Instagram   @Chef_Felix7
Oxtail!!!! Awesome!!! Just as good as the place I first had Jamaican food somewhere in West Chester! 
The portion is good! Small for $15, large for $17.
Lots of oxtail and lots of meat on it instead of just bones like the one place on Old York road. 

I came there on Monday around 6pm, the place was full. I came again today around 1pm Thursday and place was full. 
Oxtail and goat curry are only available from Thursday through Sunday.
Delicious food. Professional service. I couldn't ask for more! Food is always on point. Some folks call in their orders prior to pick up which is a good idea because this place gets crowded fast! I hope they are able to invest in a new more spacious location soon. Customers here are from every demographic which is an awesome thing. It means everyone loves some good Jamaican food! Bon appetit!
I don't know why the people are giving this place high ratings, the food is subpar and the staff is EXTREMELY rude. When my friend tried to pay for our food one of the counter ladies rolled her eyes and asked if he had anything smaller. Once he said he didn't but could pay with a card, she snatched the money from his hand, and gave him his change. We shook our heads, asked God to shower their hearts with kindness, we left. I never finished the dry, fake mashed potatoes and I gave the jerk chicken to the stray cats outside. The chicken was dry and with little flavor. I heard of another Jamaican restaurant called Audrey's Caribbean Cafe or Audrey's Kitchen, located in the plaza at 71st & Ogontz Ave. I got an order of jerk chicken and an oxtail platter. The food was GREAT and the staff was so friendly. Forget Jamaica D's subpar food & horrible staff. Go ANYWHERE but there
This place is delicious! The food is so flavorful and you can tell it's made from scratch. The portions are big also. I can get three meals out of a meal and three sides! Definitely a great place to eat.
My first bite slapped me in the mouth! I ordered stew chicken, rice & peas and cabbage. And a side of plantains. My boyfriend ordered the bbq jerk chicken, mac & cheese and greens. He mentioned that he hadn't had food that authentic since he'd been to Jamaica last. 

I'm from West Philly. Yes, it was a bit of a drive and the neighborhood is a bit rough, but the restaurant seemed to be pretty efficient and the employees were nice. The in-store restaurant was for picking up phone/mobile orders. Their truck was right out front accepting walk up orders. There was food galore! The portions were great, and overall, I just don't have any complaints about my food or service. Not sure if I'll drive back up that way, and I've had other Jamaican food that wasn't so memorable. Jamaican D's is for sure memorable
I'm not even going to waste time typing too much. They are the best. The platters are hefty. Everything is done right. Stew chicken. Right. Jerk bbq wings. Right. Snapper. Right. Oxtails. So right. Yams. Right. Cabbage. Right. Mixed veggies. Right. Mac and cheese...only aight (too runny, not seasoned enough).

Line is always long. So. You have somewhere better to be? No. The ladies taking your order assume you got your order together while you were waiting on the long fast moving line so basically you should have your order together. Why wouldn't you have your order together? That's your job. You order. You pay. They make the magic happen so don't get on their nerves cause they are there to feed you not make new friends. Remember this when you get a blank stare when you ask "what sides do you recommend?" or "why don't y'all have plantains?"
This place has never treated me wrong. Food is beyond delicious!!

Came with hubby and got lunch. 

Food was delicious. 
I ordered the BBQ Chicken w/Mac & Cheese, Cabbage, and Sweet Potatoes.
Hubby ordered Stew Beef w/Rice & Peas, Cabbage, and Mac & Cheese.

We both enjoyed our food very much. I ate some of his and he ate some of mine...of what we had different from each other.

I have never gotten any bad meals from this place. I've been coming to here for over 5 yrs. All the food is well seasoned and well prepared. I think the prices have gone up recently, but you will def get enough food fo what you pay for.
I luv their food but their service can sometimes suck! I went there 2 nights in a row and they didn't have white meat ..first night I settled for dark meat but the chicken was good but very small...second night they didn't have white meat again and the lady didn't even apologize she just said "nneeexxxxxxxttttttt" so rude'!!!! But if u go here after work hours expect long lines and call ahead to make sure they have what u want otherwise the lightskin Jamaican lady gonna be rude to u too !!! Oh yea parking is horrible
Tried them for the first time today. I got the jerk chicken, rice and beans, sweet potatoes and sweet plantains. My boyfriend got the salmon platter. First off we only got medium platters and they're huge, so much food.  The menu says rice and peas but it's beans which to me is better. The rice and beans are so flavorful. I usually put hot sauce when I get rice and beans from other places but I didn't need it. I can't wait to go back and try other stuff. Wrote the review before my bf tried his food but the salmon looked really good.
The food was very good as usual. 

I ordered through yelp which was filled by Grubhub. The young man getting food in front of me was a Grubhub delivery man. 

When I got to the window, I told her I ordered through yelp. She said no, I was scammed. I said in ordered through yelp and would show her. She said no. I was scammed. Then took the next person in line. 

I stepped out of line to check my bank statement. Yes I was charged through grubhub. She called me back. They did have the order. The gentleman behind me in line was able to explain to her something she didn't allow me to say. 

Instead of apologizing, she simply kept insisting I preferred through Grubhub. I did not. 

The customer service there was always so so. But if trying to embarrass and overtake customers in front of people is the new model, avoid.
The best in this area. The jerk chicken is all that. It's very well seasoned and juicy, plus they have a jerk BBQ sauce to go on top. Their desserts are good as well. Don't be discouraged by the long lines the women at the counter know how to get you in and out. My only issues are: 1. They ALWAYS run out of plantains. 2. They tend to make EVERYTHING spicy.
If you are looking for comfort food made with love, great quality & quantity eats, down home cooked Jamaican meals, then Jamaican D's is for you! 

My husband would pick up dinner there for us on occasion (it's really a take-out place, but it always makes it home hot).  He describes the staff as amazingly heartwarming & welcoming. He said they always served your food with a smile & prepared your platter like they're feeding their own family (or an army). I mean PLENTY of food - If you're still hungry after a platter, then you must have a bottomless pit of a stomach.  

Basically having eaten through most of the menu, we suggest you try EVERYTHING! From the sides - cheesy goodness of mac & cheese, stewed cabbage, sweet plantains (Love), collards, or rice & beans. To their entrees - ox tail stew (some of the best I've ever had, including my own), jerk chicken (try if you like spicy as it has a nice kick), curried shrimp, and yes try the goat too!

You want something different, a satisfying gastronomic experience, something to transport you to another place when having a meal? Jamaican D's food will do just that. Writing this review is making my mouth water as I'm thinking about the food there. (Does this happen to anyone else here? Trust me that's a good sign because this girl loves her food.) I guess I know what I'll be having for dinner today. Care to join me?
One of my favorite places to visit whenever I'm home. The staff is always friendly. The food has remained consistently good over the years. I just wish they were here in LA.
Not a big place mainly a take out spot!

The ladies behind the counter are "ON POINT"
quick and friendly 

This is my 2nd go 'round here  the food is the best I've tasted in a while ...the Jerk Chicken is cooking on the BBQ GRILL in front of the place  instead of being made in the oven or crock pot......and its seasoned well you can get it dry no sauces needed. The sides are plentiful!
Nice size oxtails too 

Its always crowded which is a testament to how good the food is.

Stop in a grab a platter, one of those lovelies behind the counter, are waiting to service you!

These platters are H E A V Y! LOL
My friend recommended this place to me while in Philadelphia. I ordered the jerk chicken, rice and peas, Mac and cheese with cabbage. The jerk chicken was delicious with the Mac and cheese. It's a take out spot so service is quick and moves pretty quickly.
Very large portions.  Combo platter with 3 sides was $19.00....not bad either.  Sweet potatoes were over seasoned with what tasted of nutmeg and extract.  The greens had a good flavor, however you could tell they hadn't been cleaned at all as each bite was full of sand/dirt and grit....so those got trashed.  Mac and cheese was flavorless, quite the contrast from everything else.  Otherwise, they put out very tasty items and I will return for those selected items...I'll pass on most of the sides.
Good. You get a lot of portions for about $10. My friends and I ordered the jerk chicken, Mac & cheese, whiting, salmon, and rice. The price is right. The meat-fish was well seasoned no complaints there. However I don't recommend the Mac and cheese. At first bite you'll go "wow this is delicious" and then soon after you get a unpleasant taste. I don't know how to describe it, but the Mac and cheese is meh. It tastes like it was purely made with one cheese and no seasoning? So a hard cheese taste that wasn't very good.
I have been eating here off and on for 6 years, my dude loves the shorter lines...I like Ron's better (oxtails are meatier and the brown gravy is tastier). But I thought I would give them another chance... and yesterday (10/7/18) I was extremely disappointed again.  Their platters have gone up $2-$4 and they're smaller in size. The women are rude AF unless your a guy! I'm taking my money back to Ron's!!!
So good! This is my go to location for quality Jamaican food. Not really a sit down location and the line can be serious inside and at the food truck location outside. The smooth sounds or reggae or r&b make the line a little easier to guide through. Go early before peak meal times to navigate through the line easier. Today I walk right up without the wait. The last time a went it was a little wait but not annoying.

Either way, I find the food to be on point and flavorful. I have my staple goto items. Oxtail and /or brown stew chicken. They give you plenty to satisfy your soul. This is my second trip to this location and I always walk away with a couple of options to share with my family. I thought the service was good. Next time I will have to try the jerk chicken since I saw a man cooking it authentic style on the smoking grill. Full flavor and moist meat options. The sides are on point too! Cabbage, rice and peas and macaroni and plantains. Yum!
My favorite Jamaican restaurant in philly. They give you large potions and food is awesome! Only con is the lines be soooooo long and they don't deliver, otherwise this place would've gotten 5 stars.
This review is for the Jamaican D's truck located on Temple campus. The people working here are very friendly, and this is probably the best Jamaican food I've ever had. They come with humongous portions, prices are worth it for the amount of food they give you. I usually order the Jerk Chicken with Collard Greens and Rice & Beans on the side. Next time I think I'll try the Ox Tail!
Love this food truck - they have 3 locations. One at temple, one at CCP, and one store front.  I keep coming back for their oxtail. The way they are seasoned is clutch.  Their Mac and cheese is pretty good, and their collard greens has the bite you want with vinegar. We got to try their jerk salmon and it was seasoned well, but a little dry. Overall they give really big portions so you get more than your money's worth. Their food sells out pretty fast - so get there early! I would definitely come back again and again to this place. 

To get: definitely the oxtail, collard greens, and Mac and cheese.
Great food, great price, really big servings and very friendly service. The staff is nice & the smoker outside let's you know you're in for a real treat.
This was my first time trying their food. I chose the stew chicken with brown rice and peas, with a side of cabbage. The prices were really reasonable paid $7.50 for a small platter that was packed with food, so you get way more then what you pay in price! The store is very clean and the people who work there are very nice and they are even willing to let you sample if you are unsure of what you want. Once I got my food home I think my expectations were so high and after tasting, it was a sort of a disappointment because it lacked flavor, see I'm used to eating the Caribbean food from Stacha's Take Out and their stew chicken has a sweeter flavor. I will definitely be trying Jamican D's again because they have great service and maybe it was just an off day for them.
This is truly one of the best Jamaican food spots in Philly! Not only are the flavors uncharted but the consistency will keep you coming back. Everytime I get a platter I'm not only overly satisfied and left with wanting more but it doesn't break the bank either.

      For all platters less than twelve bucks you can always try something new and exciting. The food turnaround rate is unreal sometimes sold out of menu items so you'll never get anything cold or old or won't have to worry if something has been sitting  under an heat lamp too long. For the flavor, price and consistency I will definitely reccomend Jamaican D's to anyone who's looking for those Caribbean or soul food flavors. Just be willing to wait in line a bit to enjoy the goodness.
The food is excellent. It is ALWAYS crowded but worth the wait. The ladies that take your order are not always pleasant if you're a female ordering, but the food is so good I put up with the attitude anyway. They accept debit/credit cards and the owner is really nice as well. I always get a small and the portions are very generous and last for 2 days.
Very impressed! The service was quick and they packed me up with enough food to last about 2 days and I even shared. The rice had a good kick to it and the sweet potatoes had dash of either almond extract or extra nutmeg. Either way the flavors and spices were delicious! Definitely on my fav list!
I'm so sorry to give a negative review of this place. Initially, I was very excited when I read all of the other reviews. I was counting on this spot to provide me with amazing food. But to me, their food was barely edible. Upon first approaching the restaurant, I noticed the food truck outside. But, I also noticed that the restaurant was open. I went into the restaurant to order, and of course the customer service was AWFUL. Two females were standing at the spot where orders should be taken but of course I was ignored. They were both looking at their phones and talking to each other. They did look up and give me a dirty look. Guess they don't like Indo Caribbeans.  (I cant stand when people are rude when their business is to get my money) Finally, someone acknowledged me and told me there were no plantains. To go out to the food truck and they will have. I went outside only to be greeted by another server who had an attitude problem. And if course NO PLANTAINS in the food truck either! I figured not a big deal. I was still betting on the delicious food. Couldn't wait. I ordered what I wanted and the woman seemed to hide my dish so I couldn't look inside. When I finally got home I noticed she served me a lot of food. In my small jerk chicken order I got three drum sticks (not a fan of drum sticks) and a  thigh. In addition there was rice and cabbage. I did not like the food. The chicken was a bit tough and I didn't love the flavor of the jerk. This chicken tasted more like sweet and sour than jerk. The cabbage and carrots were way overcooked and the texture was lost entirely. I also thought it was flavorless. The rice was okay but I was so turned off by the haphazard appearance of my food, the sweet and sour chicken when I expected Jerk, and the mushy cabbage that I threw the whole dish away after a few bites. I will never be returning. And I would advise as many people as I can to avoid eating here. It's really not worth it.
Not one of my favorites. I would eat here but only if the places I usually go to are closed. They over season their food.
This place is SOOOOOO good. Got here round 2 and it was packed! The line was wrapped around the dining room floor. Which is not big to start with. We waited about 10-15 mins which was not too bad considering we were about 10th in line. 

When we ordered we got curried chicken and shrimp and jerk chicken in mediums and with rice, collards and Mac and cheese. The curry was good, it was my  first time having it but the jerk chicken was crazy good. I'm getting it next time. The Mac and cheese is the best thing I have ever ate. The collards are a little unusual. It tasted a little sour, wasn't bad but I won't get it again. Can't wait to come back for more chicken!
The jerk chicken was Nice:). For 13 dollars I got 5 pieces of chicken and 3 full sides. Lots of leftovers for latter.
Excellent food! Good prices and large portions made this a great experience! I had to wait awhile for my food because they were making more so the woman at the counter through in a free drink! 

The line situation was unorganized and some of the servers a little unprofessional but that was quickly overcome by the apology I got for the wait and free beverage. The BBQ jerk chicken wasn't too spicy and had the right amount of sauce. The cabbage, peas and rice and Max & cheese were all on point and the portions are enough to save for part 2 (especially if you get a medium instead of the small). I'll be coming back!
Delicious food every time and more than enough. It can be a long line at times so bring your patience. I usually get the jerk chicken, salmon, or the oxtails. Always flavorful and meat is tender.
What can I say about this place?!!!! This place is soooooooooo good. The jerk chicken is heavenly in the mouth and it's soo tender I go to community college of Philadelphia and I go to the food truck everyday for their jerk chicken mac n cheese and rice and beans. The chicken is perfectly cooked. The quantity is soo huge, a small jerk chicken platter contains 3 big chicken and 2 side orders. Medium platter you get any meat course and 3 huge side orders . The large platter, it's the same thing as the medium but more bigger. I've once ordered a large jerk chicken platter and I got 14 pieces of chicken!!!!!!!!! And the 3 sides are massive. The price is soo low small $8, medium $10, large &14. I highly recommend this place for anybody who's around these food trucks and who's on a budget.
I don't know what is going on but this place has hit rock bottom , me and my husband came here to get some food and I must say that I ordered the stew beef and it made me sick this is not real meat it must be some other type of animal I was up all night going back and back to the bathroom and even brought up the food it was very spicy big black peppercorn in it , and this is sad because I used to love this place , buyer beware if you want food poisoning come here and if still come after reading this review don't get the stew beef.
I highly recommend this place for authentic Jamaican food. I actually went back a second time
So good. Everyone does take out but it's worth getting right off the heat lamps and eating there.
I am in LOVE with this place. The food is absolutely phenomenal and never EVER disappoints. Jerk Chicken? Amazing. Mac & Cheese? Out of this world. Collard greens, rice, fish... all spectacular and never disappointing heaping portions of food for a good price. If you go in person then there's usually a wait, but that's to be expected because the food is that good. I'd also recommend getting the food as early as you can as they run out of the popular items quickly. 

Always a happy customer :)
Holy Cow!

The food is good. Everything was good. The oxtail, rice and beans, mac and cheese (which I normally don't like), collard greens, even mixed veggies tasted better than any i have had in the past.

5 stars for me. Will definitely be back soon.
I've eaten from jamaican d's over 10 years,  but,  within the last year,  the food taste has changed dramatically.  Just ordered from there yesterday,  and the food was just ok. They stopped taking cards for payment maybe 6 months ago because they said the machine was down,  and here 6 months later,  still the same thing.  I waited as a loyal customer,  when the Health Department shut them down,  along with several other local businesses for violations,  and jamaican d's reopened in about 2 months,  but,  it's been a change of staff,  as well,  the change in the taste of the food.  . Looking for my next jamaican spot. If you have recommendations,  please hit me up with your suggestions.
Delicious Jamaican food, and quick so perfect for a brewery food truck. Kind staff, generous proportions, and jerk salmon which you don't see often. We also had the chicken curry (bones), rice snd beans, Mac and cheese (SO good), collards and plantains.
Never disappointed. The curry-shrimp is my all-time favorite from Jamaican D's. Followed him from Ron' Carribean Cuisine where he was jamm'n the Ox tails like no-other. Check It Out
Always full of ppl and they get orders taken very fast ! I usually have the  curry chicken and rice and peas , cabbage . The fried Bbq chicken is good and the fish is too . Been coming here for years love it
Food used to be good. The female workers aren't that friendly. It just isn't as good as it used to be. If I do go; I keep it safe and order oxtails.
We ordered dinner from here last night and was very disappointed. Portions were very small and the collard greens were vinegary. Last time ordering from here, should've to Royals instead.
I've been here several times, and have pleased each and every time. I've had the jerk, brown stew, and curry chicken dishes. The portions are more than enough and are reasonably priced. There's always a line in the evening to night time. The venue is very basic, there are no frills to it.

I definitely recommend Jamaican D's
The best fried fish and mac and cheese in Philly. I have been eating for two days off one platter! The jerk beef ribs are soooo tender and the greens are the perfect tangy sweet combo. They give your moneys worth with top quality product! I only wish they had a eat in option. Give them a try, I guarantee you wont be disappointed!!!
Very good food ... I got the jerk chicken with rice n peas and plaintain ... they ran out of jerk sauce so I had them put some of the oxtail gravy on the rice and chicken. The food was great ... the lines were long and they constantly had customers in and out so you know it's a good place to eat. Next time I am in philly I will definitely eat there again
No need for some long drawn out post. Here it is cut and dry. Jamaican D's is in a class by their self. Everything at this place is off the charts. I eat there 3 times a week. ALL the staff are kind, funny, friendly and helpful. Dee, appears to be this shy man. He's a nice teddy bear. I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE this place. HANDS DOWN THE BEST!!!!!! They give you hugs, fill your belly, and make your tongue do the tango, hunni!!!!!!
Food is good and plentiful. Once I waited literally an hour to get my platter. I've only had the bbq jerk chicken, mac and cheese, cabbage and rice and beans from here. The mac and cheese I'm not really a fan of. The cheese is very creamy as opposed to thick and cheesy. But if your into that kind of thing than ok.. The chicken is very good and they give you enough food for 3 people on the large platter.
Damn I been sleepin' on this jawn for forever! I shoulda been came here, by far the best Jamaican food spot I've ever been to, first off lemme say R.I.P. Bob Marley. Soon as I walked in I knew Somin was bouta change my fuckin life an it was the JERK SALMON' AWWWW MAN  I had that with a side of Mac & cheese, yams & collard greens. I wish I could give them 6 stars. Someone told me the truck spot wasn't as good as the real spot so thank u bro I love u. Ima just keep this review short cuz I'm still eating it as I write this! This one for Sean Kingston even doe he got his chain snatched!!!
Best Jamaican food I've had since living with my parents. Home is so far away so it's nice coming to the truck or the resturant to taste a little home. I don't have any complaints except know what your ordering before they ask what you want. Lol
I wasn't sure if the Mac n cheese or the greens were going to be any good ....whew! Fucking clutch. It was popping outside with the music and the food truck. #partyatjamaicands
Minus one star because there are times when they are out of things that (i feel) they shouldn't be out of... also the wait... they have been in business far too long to not have figured out a way to make things go faster.

The food never lets me down... i keep tryig other places to give a fair shot but they just don't compare... i recommend the jerk bbq, mac n cheese, cabbage, oxtails, pretty much all the chicken, the yams... that's all first hand.

Basically... don't waste time with the fakes.
Worst Jamaican Food I had in Philly! I have a blog and review food places and did a top jamican spot list so i was trying new places for a new list.  This place was just terrible.  The mac N Cheese is boxed mac! not even real baked! Sauce was more like spicy katchup on the jerk chicken! Don't waste your time with this place.
A small portion feeds me for two days. Get there early if you want some of tails. Good food and it's always a line so prepare to wait but it's worth it. The ox tails fall off the bone and the rice and peas are delicious.
I took from service & attitude.  More Mac & cheese than the main course which was the chicken. No balance in the food, wasteful. I try once & bad attitude & service bad no matter how good the food is I am not returning
This place Is good. Large portions, price is right. All the food I tried tasted good. Order of preference, Jerk Chicken Brown stew chicken,  Ox Tails, Curried Goat, fried fish. Rice & Beans good. Greens  &  cabbage good. Mac & Cheese is just ok. Good  customer service. Parking is horrible. I saw police cars but they were ordering food. LOL. The energy is great. It can get so crowded the line goes out the door. They have some security when it is that crowded and some rules....no hoodies etc. The rules are enforced too. They also have a food truck on Washington Lane & Chew Ave.
Great food, service is fast....the food is always great and the great plus about this brand is they have different locations throughout the city! Always a line to the door, but don't let the line discourage you! The good is worth it
We love this place! My bf and I go every weekend. My favorite is the chicken & shrimp with double sided cabbage. My bf loves the red rice and beans with mixed veggie.  Make sure you go early as some items run out and the lines are long. You will not be disappointed
Well that was outstanding and thats coming from a fat Italian guy from NEW JERSEY. Jerk chick was cook perfect not dry the mild sauce the girl put on it was so good u could put that on a old boot and eat it. The rice and beans were cooked just right and the gravy she put was awesome. I have no idea what the graving was made of but it has a lot of love in it. The only thing I can say about the Mac and cheese is I kind got that feel when u see the dog rolling in some thing that is the best thing they ever smelled. Well call me the dog. Well after that meal I will have to ck to see if I have all my fingers. In closing I will be back there every time I work in philly NAP TIME!!!!!!!
I do not like that the ox tails arent available all week. 
That sucks.
I was so excited to order from here. After hearing so many positive reviews from this place. I decided to order jerk chicken sweet potatoes and rice . Food ended up being very bad. Chicken wasn't cooked thoroughly and there was a high piece of cinnamon stick in the sweet potatoes making them spicy. Mac and cheese was very watery . Never again
Got the Jerk Chicken Platter and the Oxtail Platter.
The Mac n Cheese is delicious, the Oxtail is even better. 
One of my chicken was dry, but the rest was delicious.
They recently raised the prices on all their food. I thought the price was a fair one to begin with, but now, it's in the pricey range.
I love Jamaican D's I come here often. The food is amazing the only reason I give them 4 stars and not 5 is because the last two times I came to this location they didn't have what I wanted, although I did settle for something else very tasty when you got your mind set on one specific thing it sucks when they don't have it. Other than that it's a pretty decent spot. Other reviews I read said some of the ladies in there can be rude but that hasn't been my
experience at all. The lines can be pretty long but service is fairly quick so it's not like your waiting forever. Like others said parking sucks but sometimes you will get lucky and find a spot not to far from the place.
I just ordered from there 2/25 6PM

1.  Salmon, mac & cheese, sweet potatoes
2.  Curry chick, cabbage, sweet potatoes

First of all, the salmon was overcooked and so dry the fork would not go through it. The sweet potatoes were like a casserole or puree and had way too much lemin extract. The cabbage was ling and tough (hard). The curry chicken taste like it was boiled and had absolutely no taste what so ever and the sauce was thin as water.

After i made a post on FB & IG everyone wants to say they go e down hill so long ago. Well i wish had kniwn before wasting my time, gas and money. 

If this post could get a zero thats what it would have been!
Been all over the world to eat curry goat,, this is top of the list curry goat. The lady at the counter showed my plate to ensure I was satisfied... I said its so much food. MUST EAT. Greens was banging!!
The best Jamaican food restaurant in the city. I have had the BBQ jerk chicken and the the stew beef, both had enough food for 2 days of meals and they cost $12. You are definitely going to get your bang for your buck here.
I had a chance to eat here and I  really enjoyed the spicy jerk chicken, rice and cabbage. It's a must necessary stop if  you're in Philly.
The rice, cabbage and meats/ fish are always decent. However, the Mac and cheese taste burnt  the first time it happened I thought it was just a bad batch but I went back and and they replaced it from a brand new pan & it was the same  I tried them again for the first time in months today and I avoided the Mac & cheese and opted for yams and was so disappointed. It's like they dumped a whole bottles of lemon juice in them then I saw 1 noodle from the Mac in my rice so I tried it and guess what ? Still burnt flavored  never again. I don't understand the big hype surrounding them.
the jerk  chicken, rice & peas and cabbage is EVERYTHING!!! wish they offered the jerk chicken in white meat but I must say the thigh was tasty. Nice and tender very flavorful. I asked for spicy sauce and it had a kick to it. Their portions are good. I can eat off of one platter 2 day and the next day it's even better! They didn't have plantains :-( that would have completed my platter.  there is usually a line but it's worth the wait.
The best jerk chicken & fish in the city. The service is fast & you get more than what you pay for.  The lines are long but moves fast.  Tasty food.
A friend and I ordered from uber eats and for one thing they forgot to package part of the order. My friend had to then drive herself to get the other half of our order in which when she got there, the order still wasn't even packaged! They explained that because of what happened they put a little extra food in the platter but we soon found out it really didn't mean much. The fried fish was bland, the greens had a sweet taste to them which was not at all appealing. My friend was not pleased with her order, but I ordered the brown stew chicken with rice and beans and cabbage and I would give it a 2/5. It was not horrible, but wasn't not completely delicious. People really have piped this place up and I honestly did not see the hype..
Definitely not Jamaican food... At least not GOOD Jamaican food... Maybe more like soul food...? I guess I'm spoiled because I used to love the Jamaican jerk hut on 15th and south back in the day I don't know if that place is still open or not but this place... It's not really that good...
The food is DELICIOUS! The staff works very hard. The portion sizes are huge! Can't wait to visit Philly again so I can eat there. The oxtails and jerk chicken are a must try!
Best Jamaican food in philly! I went there for oxtail but sadly they only serve it Thursday-Sunday. They're known for their jerk chicken but I'm really picky with my chicken but I took a risk and order it. Yoooooo this is the best chicken I ever had, no lie. My own mom can't even cook chicken like this and she's a great cook. The chicken was no where near hard and dry like other places. This chicken was so wet, moist, soft and juicy if you know what I mean. I'll be coming back for sure!
Ugh Jamaican D's is so on point. I would always see their truck outside CCP main campus but it was always so crowded or closed so I never got to indulge and have been kicking myself for it, living in an endless haze of regret. Fast forward to them teaming up with Ubereats....my time for redemption has arrived and all I can say is YAAAASSS. For my first platter I ordered the jerk chicken with mac n cheese and plantains. YUM. The chicken was fall off the bone good and seasoned to perfection. The mac n cheese was delicious and the plantain perfectly fried with a subtle sweetness. Today I ordered the beef stew with rice and peas and mac n cheese. I've been thinking about beef stew for the past week, missing my grandmom's. I finally broke down and ordered the platter and it 100% hit the spot. This beef stew definitely has more of a kick to it than the one my grandmom used to make but it was fantastic. Another review summed this place up perfectly; you know it's good food when you don't have to add anything to it, even salt and pepper. I'm the WORST when it comes to salt, I add it to everything....it never even crossed my mind to add it to any of the food I got from Jamaican D's. 

Reasonably prices and portions are HUGE. I always get the medium platters with 2 sides and I get AT LEAST 2 meals out of it. Service is also quick...I know with Ubereats service isn't always on the restaurant but for what it's worth, they seem to prepare the food quickly and it always arrives hot and fresh,
Huge portions at a great price. Got the jerk chicken, Mac and cheese and rice and beans. Rice and beans were OK but the best jerk chicken I've ever had and you can't mess up Mac and cheese.
I've never had a bad meal from this location, the food is delicious, but they keep raising the prices. 

Tell them to stop....

All their food is decent to good, but their Oxtail.......ugh....Heavenly...........
The best Jamaican food I've had since my student days in Kingston!  Love the jerk chicken.  Love the goat. Love the rice & peas.  Collard greens are a little sweeter than I liked my Callaloo, but still pretty darn good.  Good mac & cheese.  I'm not a fan of fish, but if I have to eat the stuff I want it to be from here.

Pretty close to perfection.  In fact, I think that could be reached if they had homemade ginger beer.
Best Caribbean place in philly I would definitely recommend it to anyone who asks 
Their jerk chicken is just right you almost forget you are still in the states
The Best Jamaican joint in W. Oak Ln. Better selections on weekends.. Jerk chicken is the best in town also they have a seafood curry. We go here at least once a month.
I definitely come here for the barbecue chicken! Omg! The sauce and the texture of the chicken is delicious! The macaroni and cheese is the cheesiest macaroni that melts in your mouth. The jerk chicken is also amazing.. That's all I get. I can't comment on anything else but my friend ALWAYS get the oxtails.. No ox for me lol but overall, delicious just delicious.
This place def isn't in the best neighborhood but is worth it. We got a large curry chicken, rice and beans, mac n cheese and sweet potatoes it's fabulous! Large portions, great tasting, and nice staff. Will drive from Delaware again for it!
One of the best jerk chicken places in Philly.  Always packed with people and always a freshly cooked meal.
Hands down the best Jerk Chicken I've had in Philly.  I ordered the small platter of Spicy Jerk Chicken with Collard Greens and mashed sweet potato's.  The total was just under $10 and that included a bottle of soda.  The small platter was so big I had enough left to eat it for lunch the next day.
Curry chicken and shrimp! I've had the the jerk chicken which is really good. But the curry chicken and shrimp is tops.
