Jansen is northwest Philly's most gourmet restaurant.  This Mt. Airy French outpost is located in one of Philadelphia's oldest houses and it offers indoor dining as well as al fresco dining on their terrace in season. The chef owner was previous the executive chef at the Four Seasons Hotel in Philadelphia until moving on to his eponymous restaurant.  A high quality meal is provided here and unlike some other restaurants of its ilk, portions are actually large enough to be seen by the naked eye.The meal starts with an amuse bouche and bread course before heading into the serious dishes.  My friend and I recently enjoyed a crabmeat cocktail and baked oysters for our starters.  Entrees took us away from shellfish to a delicious Wagyu beef special and grilled lollipop lamb chops atop cous cous.  We ended the meal splitting a traditional French Financier (Almond) cake. I enjoyed a pleasant glass of a Cote du Rhone to accompany all this goodness.  

It's nice to have such an outstanding restaurant close by and even though it is def expensive and could never be a regular hangout for me, every so often it could be a treat for a special occasion. 

A couple of wishes - I was hoping to find an Austrian wine or two on the wine carte but to no avail.  And the banquette seats are really low unless you happen to be really tall.  I had to push the man at the table next to me out of his banquette seat as he couldn't get up.  And I felt at least15 centimeters (a half-foot) too low to be totally comfortable while dining.
This restaurant succeeds in so many categories, it is a welcome addition to Mt. Airy.  When you first arrive in this beautiful old stone "cottage" you are transported to a white tablecloth but still casual feeling experience.  Chef Jansen was striving for this and I think he got it right.  There's even a beautiful garden in back where tables will be set up when the weather gets warmer.  

The bartender and hostess engaged with me in friendly banter, I was reminded that it was Cinco de Mayo so of course I had a margarita while I waited for my dining partner.  This restaurant has been open less than a week but it is already clicking on all cylinders.  I think it's possible that they are even overstaffed, which is very intelligent.  You can always cut back on staff but if you don't execute in the beginning, that spells trouble for your reputation.  Service was friendly, warm, some staff in white, some in black, and one in a suit.  One of the waiters was a veteran I could identify from another restaurant in the area.  Good sign.

The cuisine was wonderful, we tried four dishes, and all paired absolutely differently but beautifully with their Sancerre.  We had the pea soup which was not pureed into a big glop, it was very well extracted with great pea flavor, as well as its accompaniments.  I had the scallop appetizer with crispy capers, lemon, a puree of potato underneath, all flavors were refined and well balanced with each other.

On to the mains, the salmon and the halibut.  The sauce on the salmon was a gorgeous, classic seafood cream sauce with lemon, very French, loaded with flavor.  One oyster accompanied the dish, in a pretty shell.  Potato puree, cubed potato and the salmon was perfectly cooked.  Only drawback was that there were probably too many potatoes.  The halibut was an Asian treatment, clearly Chef Jansen is versatile as well as classically trained.  Forbidden rice, a crispy radish, great soy-based sauce, baby bok choy.

We split the root beer float for dessert, which had root beer and ice cream of course, and crispy cookies which gradually softened.  There was chocolate sauce too.  Yum.  A cup of cappuccino to finish.  Go here, before it's booked two months in advance!
Unfortunate experience.  Have read great reviews, spoken to friends who had a great experience, was excited to go.  I'm not going to focus this review on the food at all so if you want to know about the food, read elsewhere.... today I'm going to talk about the service.

On 12/14/2016 had 6:30 reservations.  Arrived, seated in a beautiful room with a fireplace in a building that was built in the 1700's or so and was just a beautiful setting  (traveled from downtown Philadelphia to eat here so you know I'd heard good things to hit the "burbs" for great food and ambiance... but the setting did not disappoint.)

We had a just terrible server.  Was rude throughout the meal.  Maybe he had a bad day or some terrible news that day or whatever but he needed to pull it together or call in sick.  Made the whole experience unpleasant (more details below if you care to read).

THEN we very politely asked to speak to the manager, let the manager know about the issue (including specifics) while also complimenting the food and the ambiance.  The manager was totally polite but did nothing about it (no sincere apology, no "here, have a slice of cake on the house and please do come again", no "we'll talk to that server and make sure it doesn't happen again, thanks for telling us"... nothing).    It wouldn't have taken much to at least have the restaurant merit a 2nd try... a glass of port or  a sincerely apology, or a visit from the chef or an offer to "see me next time and i'll make sure to take great care of you" or ... almost any gesture to say we apologize.  

SO:  We front-of-house totally failed us and we're done.  Oh well.  Food needs to be good or great but service must also be at least acceptable.

IF YOU CARE "how" the waiter was rude:  Talked down to us.  Refused to describe dishes in any detail.  When asked if one of the specials was an appetizer or entree said "i already told you, it's a salad" (which didn't answer the question and what's up with "I already told you?").  Took plates away without asking.  Never checked back on if people wanted another drink.  Honestly, attitude reminded me of a waiter in an old-school deli (rude, fast, acting as if you're luck to be even served..) which can be kinda fun/acceptable in a deli... less so in a fine dining establishment.

And now RANDOM speculation:  Why didn't the manager do something appropriate.  Maybe a friend of the waiter?  Maybe doesn't have the experience to know what to do?  Maybe restaurant policy is that the staff-is-always-right not the customer?  I don't know.  Oh well.
A close dear friend introduced me to the neighborhood of West Mt Airy almost 10 years ago.  This close knit, harmonious diverse community gives you the feeling of a city of brotherly love.  As you enter West Mt Airy on Germantown Ave. from Chestnut Hill, David Jansen provides a exemplary culinary gateway to this section of Philadelphia.

My first of what I plan to be many visits to Jansen was fabulously intoxicating.  The service, thank you Ken, couldn't be any better.  When your server explains in detail the preparation and composition of a dish with such delight and expertise, you know you are on the receiving end of a first rate dining experience.

The amuse bouche this evening was a cod and potato mix with tomato, the flavors bursting from this tiny toast held in your hand.

With our drinks we shared the fresh oysters, from Washington State, so melt in your mouth tender, so delicious, served chilled on a bed of seaweed with a homemade cocktail sauce and the smooth complimenting mignonette, mellow enough not to distract you from the taste of these gifts from the sea.

My very close dear friend and I split the appetizer of Gulf Shrimp with truffle ravioli, sweet peas and shellfish reduction.  My tongue was dancing in my mouth.  I was getting more and more amazed with each forkful.

For entree I chose the Grilled Norwegian Salmon with couscous, toasted chickpeas, cucumber salad, with smoked paprika and lime.  Outrageous.  The salmon was sushi grade, so grilled rare to medium rare was the perfect preparation.  This literally was the best piece of salmon I ever had in this city of ours and with the couscous and chickpeas this was an all around excellent dish.  My friend ordered the Tempura of Soft Shell Crab with spicy curried vegetable stew and coriander and coconut essence.  The combination of flavors of the curry and coconut are indescribable, not enough wonderful adjectives would do it justice.

Also, an excellent job on the atmosphere of the interior of this stone cottage. This is a top ten Philadelphia restaurant easily.  Congratulations.
Jansen succeeds on every level, and your otherwise verbose author is almost at a loss of words.  Outstanding?  Phenomenal? Supercalifrajalisticexpealidocious?  Nope, pretty much every word in the English language falls short.

Diners will be treated to creative and delicious fare, attentive service, and on a nice summer evening an outdoor dining venue that offers a wonderful view of sunset.  We enjoyed what was the best ceviche appetizer we'd ever had, as well as a delicious seared rare tuna with pasta stuffed with crabmeat.  The entrees were equally compelling, with my filet in a brown wine sauce and a soft shell crab presentation that made everyone else seem like amateurs.  My citrus merengue pound cake was artfully prepared by their pastry chef.

With great quality comes price, so be prepared to pay north of $70 per person if you enjoy wine.  However, given the quality of the food, the money is happily spent.  On-street parking is immediate and plentiful.

Jansen has now moved to the top of my list for greater Philadelphia dining, both city and burbs.  Make reservations now because you probably won't be able to get in later.  By all means take that special someone here and book an outdoor table around sunset.  You will surely close the deal.
I really enjoyed the evening at this new restaurant. It has all the makings of a top 100 restaurant in the city. 
First, do not be put off by the lack of a killer webpage at this time. 
The location is in Mt. Airy, which made it close to home and the free parking another bonus comparing to Center City locations. 

So the location is bright and slightly cramped, and a plethora of waiters. The service is outstanding from the moment you walk in the door. Our waiter when I asked where the bathroom was, walked me to it, opened the door and turned the light on. That is going above and beyond to me. 
The food is outstanding in every way possible.
The selection is limited so, if you find the menu online read it over and hopefully you find something you like.
The first star was a small amuse bouche of a date filled with cheese. It was creamy and delicious. 
I had the beef tartar. It was as it should be, slightly spicy and creamy. I loved the artistry of the dish when it came out, very well constructed. It came with a salad and a fried potato circle. 
The flavors all balanced each other out. Each part was good on it's own but together the course just met every expectation.
My wife ordered the beet salad was outstanding. She ate it quickly. It had a fried cheese circle in the middle. 
The main course was good as well. My wife ordered the Halibut and raved how tender and flaky it was. It had several variations on the plate including a dumpling.
I had the duet of pork and found it outstanding. It had pork loin that was tender like butter. It was cooked to perfection. The pork belly was completed with a slightly crunchy skin and salty meat that shredded easily. I enjoyed the sauerkraut spring role as well. Although, it could have been warmed more. It was not overly sour by itself and complemented each portion of meat when put together. I would love more sauce for the plate to be able to drench the pork with each bite. 
Dessert was outstanding as well. 
My wife just raved about her selection of Chocolate and Peanut butter variations. It came with three selections. A frozen bar, chocolate and peanut butter smore and chocolate cake. She adored the smore and said it was the best of the three. 
I had a Jansen float. It was well balanced. The chocolate croutons were the perfect fit. It added crunch to the ice cream and liquid concoction. The caramel panache was flavorful. The malt ice cream probably needed a little more malt flavor and the creme fraiche outstanding. 

Upon leaving for the night, we were rewarded with a chocolate cookie as a parting gift. It was heavenly good. 
I can also note that the head Chef came out to the dinning room once. He knew someone in our section. He did at least acknowledge we were in the room. I've been to other restaurants where that has not occurred. I understand he knew the couple and popped out to greet them. 

Overall, this place is outstanding and should only get better. As it is still only a month old, I expect any errors will be resolved. It is nice that a restaurant of this quality is not in Center City and is slightly more cost friendly because of it.
Can't describe how excited I was to be able to have dinner here the other night as it prepares for a full opening. This will bring great things to Mt Airy.

While this was a special pre-opening meal and special menu prepared for us, each element of the evening was perfect.  Simon greeted us as we came and made sure everything was perfect. 

The setting is magical- walking into the dining room you can feel the calm- the perfect amount of soundproofing to make the room feel elegant.  The colors and materials are beautiful.  A lot of thought went into this.

We were able to enjoy cocktails on the outdoor patio and greet out party in the setting sun overlooking the herb garden and the fields next door.  Perfect start to the meal.

We were seated inside at a long table and the wine was poured.  Each of the six courses was paired with the perfect wine. And David came out to introduce each course.

We opened with Slow cooked Norwegian Salmon with Creme Fraiche and quail egg.
This was a delicious spring feeling dish.

The second course -Jumbo lump crabmeat nebulous with sweet pea soup and truffle essence was the perfect opening to spring.  This is the type of dish you think about for days.  It was perfect in so many ways.  Each element complemented the other and you just wanted more.

Next came a Roasted stuffed chicken leg with prosciutto, fava bean puree, spring ramps and game jus.  The ramps were such a treat- a unique spring item that had been lightly pickled- it added a perfect element to this dish.

Next was a beef filet with morel mushrooms and fiddlehead fern ragout.  The beef melts in your mouth, the mushrooms give it the perfect earthy balance and the fiddleheads are the ultimate harbinger of spring.

A Blood orange sorbet cleansed our palate as we awaited the Banana fruit tart from the pastry chef. It did not disappoint. What a prefect close to the meal.

I can't wait to see what else this fantastic restaurant can do.  Waiting to return soon.
I'm giving it two stars because, though the food was lovely, it was a bad experience on multiple levels. It included roughly 30 seconds that were unlike anything I've ever endured during any meal. 

1. We ate on a Saturday. The place looks fantastic inside. Contrast of old and new. Clean design. 
2. Hostess was nice, told us she'd be right back before seating another couple. One of the mixologists greeted while we waited. 
3. Person who then sat us messed up twice. First he seated us inside on my request (date was in bathroom, and we hadn't seen the lovely outside), but when my date saw the aforementioned loveliness of the aforementioned outside, we asked to sit there. The person who seated us informed her that I had requested to sit inside, but not in a "whoops we all make mistakes who's hungry let's be friends here comes your waiter" kind of way, and more like a "he's an idiot and so are you for being with him" kind of way. Strike 1. He then proceeded to seat us at a westerly table that received the full brunt of the setting sun, the only table exposed to the elements on the patio. Strike 2. We again asked to move and our third table, dear reader, was also underwhelming. Just kidding it was great. More strikes to follow, but I stop counting 
4. It tries to be fine dining, with an amuse  bouche (that was more than a bite, though deliciously so--curried cauliflower soup) and a little desert to go in a see through bag like jewelry. Tasty. But the rest of the experience fell far short of fine dining. 
5. We were not told about any specials. I realized this when the couple that took our place in the sun received scallops. I could see the lovely sear from my perch. Would have ordered them had I known. 
6. west coast oysters and pea soup were delicious. Pea soup really tasted like peas. A hint of truffle, just a hint. Oysters fresh. 
7. the couple that arrived just before us sent their dish back. Beet salad with goat cheese. She was pregnant, not sure if that had anything to do with anything, but shortly thereafter...
8. what I believe is a walk-in cooler/fridge is attached to the kitchen and is adjacent to the patio. After the other couple returned their salad (timing wise, at least) someone starts screaming and cursing and many loud bangs are heard. At first I thought it was multiple people engaged in an altercation at a bus stop on Germantown avenue or some such. But it was one person, and they were in the walk-in. F bombs. Something being slammed repeatedly against a surface. Everyone seated outdoors heard this, as did three waiters and the person who sat us. He later apologized to a couple seated next to us who were pairing glasses of wine with each course (we didn't get any such apology, sweet tea with knob was good though). Another couple asked their waiter what happened and he mentioned a "freak out." I asked one of the young men who bring the food--who had not been outside at the time of the freak out--if people inside had heard, and he seemed genuinely clueless but handled it very professionally and apologized and said it shouldn't happen and he'd let someone know. 
9. our beet and goat cheese salad arrived and was yummy. 
10. hamachi was yummy. I think that's what it was called. I hardly got a bite. The long bread stick-like thing was much better than any breadstick I've ever had, and I've been to little ceasers and Olive Garden before. 
11. they were out of Sapporo big cans. Beer distributor across the street, yo. I wanted it to go with my Asianish halibut
12. halibut was very meaty and nice, perfectly cooked. Not enough salt though, and I am one who does not like much salt on things because I have high blood pressure. So it was good but bland. 

All in all, I probably didn't quite manage to convey just how bizarre the freak out in the walk-in was to experience. It certainly was like nothing else ive been through, and such sounds might only be excused at one of those places where people joust while you eat meat from bones and drink mead from a goblet. It made things uneasy on the patio. The service staff seemed less than happy to be there more generally, with only the self-professed Rastafarian and the man who brought the amazing everything-bagel-esque rolls (can't believe I'm only mentioning these now) seemingly cheerful in their work. And the two young men who brought be main courses were capable and happy as well. Our waiter managed a few smiles and a laugh or two at my jokes, which I always appreciate. It was tense before the F-bombs and loud smacking noises, and those didn't help. 

Maybe chalk it up to having only been open for 6 weeks and having $$$ ground to make up after expansive and exquisite renovations... But, the service needs work and someone (or multiple people) need anger and stress management if this is going to last.  Im sure the rave reviews are well deserved but that should have been a wake up call. If not, maybe this review will be. Memorable food, but also for the wrong reasons
I realize writing one and only one review on Yelp makes people wonder if it's real. Well, trust me please. Jansen is truly a special place. 

Yes, I have known Chef for years. But that's because he's an amazing chef and person and our relationship is one that I value ALOT. Yes, I am busy and have alot of other things going on that take precedence over writing a review, good or bad, of a business. But, I will say that everyone is owed the opportunity to experience the art that is Jansen. 

From the moment you walk into the building the experience begins. The renovated historic building that somehow managed to maintain its identity as a piece of Philadelphia history is accommodating and welcoming. The bar, which is small and underwhelming in size, doesn't lack for a second in personality and class. The food is what you'd expect from a former Four Seasons Pioneer, yet surprising while dining on Germantown Avenue. 

Let's be honest here everyone, Chestnut Hill/ Mt Airy is an awesome awesome area. Complete with good restaurants that come and go.  Some last longer than others but to be honest none really have the ability to withstand the times for any other reason other than they're in Chestnut Hill/Mt. Airy. Jansen is and will be different. 

The staff will make you feel like family. The atmosphere will make you feel like you're sitting in high end restaurant in the city. The food will make you feel like you're paying three times for the meal. And the best part about it is that the experience will remind you why you chose to go out to dinner in the first place. And, these are the reasons why you venture out of your home and dine out. 

I wish you all have the opportunity to build a relationship with Chef Jansen and his talents like we have. I promise you'll feel compelled to write a very similar review like I have. And I assure you, nobody will judge you if it's your 1st or 100th Yelp review.
The pork was delicious and tender! Great service and the friendly staff. Be sure to save room for the Carmel tart with rosemary ice cream.
Absolutely stunning experience! Had two other gentlemen with me for dinner, and we all determined that a steakhouse sounded like a fine option. Jansen had several great reviews so we set the gps and made our way to the restaurant. As we were greeted by the wait staff we realized that reservations were fairly standard in this establishment. Luckily, there were enough open seats at the bar to accommodate our party. The food was absolutely delectable! Steaks, lamb and short ribs with amazing accompaniments dazzled each of us. Everything cooked to perfection! Upon hearing that the three of us were raving, the talented chef came out from the kitchen and introduced himself. The personality of the bartender and other staff, the incredible flavors of the fare and fantastic location make for an amazing and stunning experience. Its the kind of place I'd take my in-laws without hesitation...
I went there with my parents tonight, and it was delicious.  I had a special salad they had, which was amazing (roasted red peppers, buffalo mozzarella, prosciutto, arugula, balsamic, and another sauce.  Delicious!  My mom had the pumpkin soup and said it was amazing.  They did make a basic arugula salad for my father that was not on the menu.

I had the fillet, which I loved (medium-rare).  It was charred perfectly on the outside and medium-rare on the inside.  The potatoes were phenomenal as well and it all meshed together perfectly.  Both of my parents decided on the pork and LOVED it.    

Our server was great - extremely helpful and knowledgeable.  The food came out at the perfect pace.  

The ONLY complaint I have was the music.  It seemed very out of place for the atmosphere (Rihanna, Alicia Keys, some kind of electronic music, etc.).  I really like those artists, but I would prefer something more low-key and mellow at this particular restaurant. 

I will definitely be back soon!
Mt. Airy is truly lovely, reminiscent of the suburbs, with nature calling from Forbidden Drive nearby, but still in the city and able to attract big city talent to take a risk on fine-dining off the beaten path on Germantown Ave.  

Google tells me that Jansen's David Jansen is an alumnus of the Fountain, a wonderful, wonderful restaurant that I miss dearly.  The food at Jansen shared the Fountain's elegance though the mostly-seafood menu is much different.  (Though, the cheese table I passed on the way is similar!).  The decor is definitely going for farmhouse, which is appropriate given the location and the space itself, which looks like an old house from the outside.

There were no specials on the Sunday I visited, so my friend and I both ordered off the regular menu.   

We started with the wild mushroom and gruyere bruschetta.  It was delicious.  The mushrooms were delicate and flavorful, the egg was poached perfectly, there was just enough gruyere, and the flavors all went together very well.  

For entrees, my friend had the salmon (which the chef recommends medium rare), and I had the fennel croquette.  My friend loved the salmon and spent about five minutes after finishing completely cleaning her plate!  The fennel croquette was really flavorful, not too heavy despite being fried, probably helped out by the thick, slightly sweet, tomato sauce surrounding it.  My one critique is that for the price, I thought the serving size was a little small.  No matter, I really enjoyed it.  Chef Jansen himself came to see how we enjoyed our meal, which is always a nice touch that you do not get many places in the city unless you are a "special guest." 

The only mar on our experience was that the service was a bit erratic/"high energy" for the vibe.  Maybe it was just an off night for our server.  Overall, a great destination dining spot--worth the trip from Center City or the suburbs!
My parents and I came here for dinner and were blown away.  The restaurant is fairly new, with chef David Jansen having been at Fountain at the Four Seasons for many years.  The setting is great: historic Cresham Cottage is over 300 years old and was originally purchased from William Penn, but the interior has been simply but elegantly updated. Each of the two rooms is fairly small, and there is also outdoor seating under a large awning overlooking a large green space.

Service was outstanding.  There were a sizable number of wait staff given the small restaurant size, but this meant impeccable service. Everyone at the table was ALWAYS served together -- when another party, seated outside, had ordered 6 appetizers, 3 servers went out together to assure everyone was served at once. There are extra touches like a mushroom consomme that was served at the same time as the bread rolls. The waiters were never intrusive but were attentive, very helpful with their knowledge of the menu, and very professional.

The food is stellar, truly highest of quality. The soft shell crabs that both of my parents had were the best I've tasted, plated over a delicious curried vegetable stew that complemented the crabs beautifully.  My halibut was flavorful and a hearty portion. The dishes are all quite sizable. Desserts are also absolutely worth saving room for, and again, they're quite large -- I was concerned about sharing, but the portion sizes were impressive. All of the desserts are creative and involve thoughtful and delicious combinations of flavors.  The desserts, alone, are worth a visit.

Lastly, the price: for what this restaurant is, the prices are remarkable. It's not a cheap meal, but appetizers were all in the mid teens, and all of the main dishes sat below $30, which is quite impressive for food of this quality and considering the portion sizes, plus the stellar service.

The single downside is lack of designated parking, but one can park either along Germantown Ave heading southbound before you reach the restaurant or on Gowen Ave (where the street is narrow but there's an adequate number of spaces even in the evenings).

I was greatly impressed and highly recommend Jansen.
Still being careful about Covid, we requested an outdoor table. The setting was very open, beautiful and warm (both in ambiance as well as in temperature, with the actual temperature walking from the car in the low 60s.) They have outdoor heaters, and the patio is covered, with the ability to put the sides down in cold or in-climate weather.

Our server Julie was well informed, very enthusiastic and fun to talk to. All the staff we met were very friendly.

We started off with 2 interesting cocktails - a Green Chile Gimlet and a Beefeaters Gin drink called "Bees Knees". Both were delicious and were also a surprise Anniversary gift from our Aunt Renee.

There were many delicious sounding appetizers to chose from. We had the Oysters Rockefeller with chorizo, potato, garlic thyme cream and arugula which was very good.

The other was one you don't see on many menus - Rabbit Pot Pie. This was served in a small ramekin with it's light crust covering a mixture of rabbit, potatoes, root vegetables and a creamy wine-hinted sauce. Although very good, I like the version served at The Dandelion in Center City Philadelphia better.

For entrees we had the Roasted Duck Breast with green lentils, fava beans, English peas and creamed wild mushrooms. For my taste it needed a "punch" of maybe some additional seasoning.  The Monkfish Osso Buco was very good and perfectly cooked and was served with a lobster bread pudding, English peas, and a rich savory sauce.

Our shared desert was a brownie with a layer of chocolate mousse and chocolate ganache over the top. It was served beautifully over a chocolate mosaic design on the plate and it was also a gift for our Anniversary from the Chef.

With its beautiful setting and interesting menu we will be sure to come back again.
Incredibly rude service.  Was a big fan of the fountain but the staff at Jansen is just awful, and I won't be coming back.
Jansen is amazing.  We have been a few times now, mostly in the summer months.  The service is outstanding and sets this place apart for sure.  The servers are knowledgable and they have a great wine list.  Every one of our visits we have walked away talking about how great this place is.  The seasonal specials are incredible.  Did I say enough yet to convince you?  Well, don't take my word for it.  Go soon, you will love it!
This place was great.  The staff was friendly and attentive, and they were all clearly very proud of the restaurant and personally invested in its success.  The restaurant itself was beautifully decorated, modern and clean, and a great melding of old and new.  The food was amazing; nothing too complicated or fussy, just extremely well done and elegant.  I tried the salmon which was out of this world.  The desserts were also delicious.  The strawberry shortcake was so good--fresh, not too sweet, and with a great combination of textures you'd never get from traditional versions.  (Just a warning, if you order the peanut butter bar, you are actually getting three desserts on your plate and may feel obligated to share, but who are you kidding--just eat it all and enjoy!)  My one hope is that they add a vegetarian entree to the menu as time goes on . . . the mushroom tart/galette(?) that came with the crab cake was so good and substantial that it could have stood alone in a separate entree!  Either way, I can't wait to go back!
BEST BRUNCH IN PHILLY! You heard it here first. The Sunday-only Brunch here flies under the radar especially if you do not follow them on Instagram/Facebook and do not venture to the Mt Airy area. Jansen is known for it's white tablecloth dinner experience (which is a more than fair price, in my opinion), but they deliver an incredible, affordable brunch menu that tops the frequently visited/trendy Center City area spots. 

My friend and I came in with a single intention: the Sticky Buns. If you check out their social media or have ever had one of their desserts made by their pastry chef, you'll understand. 

We arrived shortly after opening with a reservation two and were promptly sat next to the fireplace. As a cool historical note, Jansen is housed in Cresheim Cottage which was built in the 1700s and oldest in the area! My friend and I immediately started drooling over the menu options with stomachs ready - we were in the middle of our kick that included a 4-course meals from Twisted Tail and two pizzas plus a sandwich from Angelos (see my reviews) within a 4-day span. Our server promptly tended to us and certainly fed the fire saying everything was delicious. We were undecided.

Our final entree order? Chicken and Waffles, Monte Cristo, Huevos Rancheros, and French Toast. Told you - undecided. Our server laughed and asked if she could interest us in the fresh breakfast bread and pastry spread to start. We caved, of course. 

The breakfast bread and pastry is nothing eye-popping, but, boy, does it deliver. The spread consisted of peppered biscuits, buttered rolls, biscotti, and caramel glazed banana bread with honey butter and peach jam on the side - all homemade. The biscuits were flaky, moist and, when coupled with the rich and light honey butter, some of the best I've ever had. The rolls were fresh and melt in your mouth. Banana bread was moist, not overly sweet from the glaze, but a little light on the banana flavor. We treated the biscotti - which was a bit bland - as a vessel for the perfect peach jam and extra butter. Great starter!

To our amazement with our aggressive entree order, the kitchen offered us a sample of breakfast egg-rolls. My taste buds are still dancing thinking about them. The bite-sized egg-rolls were filled with light, fluffy eggs, breakfast sausage, wrapped by crispy, flaky, lightly fried roll and topped with a dollop of ketchup. Pure bliss and enjoyment!

After devouring the egg-rolls, we were greeted with our first entree: Chicken and Waffles. As a note, it does come with candied pecan, but, since I have an allergy, they gave them to my friend on the side. The dish itself is a masterpiece with thoughtful flavors. In addition to the standard sweet/savory compliment of chicken and waffle, the waffle itself contains bacon and homemade toffee for added compliments. The fried chicken itself is tied for the best I've ever had. Period. Crisp, tender, and rich with flavor. The waffle was sweet and crisp. As mentioned, the toffee and bacon was like a symphony in my mouth. The fresh maple syrup is nothing to bat an eye at either! We agreed this was our favorite dish! 

Next up was the Monte Cristo and Huevos Rancheros. I started with the Huevos Rancheros which was a well executed rendition. The bean and salsa concoction was light and flavorful. Tortillas were crisp and light, so no issue cutting into them with compromise of the crunch. I really enjoyed poached eggs vice the normal sunny side up. The dish was a masterful blend of flavors and textures. Careful with the fresh jalapenos though. After eating my half, I moved onto the Monte Cristo. It's good, but definitely the first one out if we had to reduce our order since it's heavy. The dish is taylor ham (PORK ROLL!!!), turkey, gruyer cheese between two pieces of thick french toast then topped with two sunny side eggs and mornay sauce plus a side of syrup. Although its a heavy dish, the flavors kept me chugging through the dish with the 4th on the horizon. 

By the time the Brioche French Toast came, we were all but ready to tap out. Still had to try and, again, it was well worth it! The french toast was lightly dipped in batter so not overly eggy, but enough to get that perfect crisp outside without compromising the soft, chewy consistency of the inside. The berries and syrup added the perfect additional amount of sweetness. Great for leftovers, too! 

In the end, we did not get what we came for: the Sticky Buns. Don't worry though, I came back for them the next week. Again, phenomenal! 

Jansen is THE BEST BRUNCH IN PHILLY. Hands down. I cannot wait to go again - just need someone available on a Sunday morning. Check it out! If something sounds good, it probably is. Mimosa and Bloody Marys are creative at reasonable prices if you want to make it boozy. Will go again!
I haven't had such good food since a Paris visit last year.  The service was elegant, food spectacular and beautifully presented.  The atmosphere was lovely but got pretty noisy.  That is a deliberate decision by the restaurant and I don't like to shout but will not deter me from going again. 

In general, for 1 glass of wine, 1 soup, 2 entrees, 2 desserts we paid $92 w/ tax.  Added $20 for tip.  And we will do it again in a heart-beat.

I could go into details about the food we ate but I think everything is going to be wonderful, so just go!
We just had a fantastic meal there. They have completely renovated the space with soothing colors and elegant lighting. The staff was extremely professional. The meal was extraordinary. My husband said it was the best salmon he has ever had. I had crab cakes and they were delicious. We will be back many times!
A Center City quality restaurant in Mt.Airy.  Sat at the bar.  Bartender Jeff was top notch.  Hostess Hannah had an adorable personality and was a perfect fit to welcome people.  Fantastic bourbon citrus tea cocktail.  Sweet pea soup, crab cocktail, beet salad, and halibut entree was sampled.  All top notch.  Best meal since Vernick.  Better than Talulahs Garden.  This new restaurant will make Phillys best next year.  When Craig LaBan shows up he will write a great review.  Thanks guys!
Very rude. No interest in hospitality. Walked in, asked to be seated. Outside seating available, no bar seating available. 45 minutes before close. I asked to be seated and they turned me away. I was really excited about giving this new neighborhood haunt a try. Unfortunately, I felt so unwelcome that I'd feel embarrassed to return. Wow.
Can I just say WOW?! Absolutely blown away by the service, experienced and food at the establishment. Cozy and upscale, I booked this restaurant as a celebratory dinner for my sister. The staff went above and beyond to make our experience personal and specialized with complimentary dessert and appetizers from the chef. The food is incredibly innovative and delicious. Would come here over and over! Try the special because the chef creates them daily!
Hands down one of the best meals I have ever eaten. The service was impeccable from the moment I walked in to the  moment I walked out. I felt extremely safe eating outside on the patio outback,  it was very warm and comfortable. And it was beautifully decorated. We were able to take our coats off because it was so comfortably warm. The food was amazing down to every last bite and the drinks were festive and delicious! If you are looking for a delicious meal in a very safe, clean place please visit Jansen!!! Highly recommend!!
Natalie F
Best dining experience of the year. We were seated out on the patio where we watched the sun set - it was like being transported to the countryside.  Food was spectacular: perfect oyster selection, fresh and seasoned tuna poke, heirloom tomatoes and green goddess salad did not disappoint. Our entrees were each excellent halibut, tuna and salmon. Even the vegetarian hot pot was expertly executed.  Can't wait to go back.
You will enjoy Jansen!

We ate here on Nov 23, 2019.  Wow!  I am so bummed we haven't been here sooner.  This is a hidden gem: the food, the service and the ambiance are wonderful.  

The service timing and execution was flawless.  The flavors of my meal were complex and delicious.  

The ambiance and décor really add to the experience as we dined in an old cottage established in 1700.  The recently renovated interior is cozy and the local art hanging on the wall really compliments the charm to Jansen.  I wish I could have taken more photos for this review, but I think there is plenty on Yelp already.  The weather didn't lend itself to eating outside but I was happy to see they have outdoor dining as an option.  

We will be back!
Had an excellent meal at Jansen last night. The service was very good, although the hostess only gave us a wine list when we sat down. Do people really know what they want to drink before they see the food menu? Didn't work for me but as soon as I mentioned it our waiter brought a food menu to the table. I thought the wine and cocktail list had some very good options. Normally I would have had prosecco or chardonnay to go with my starter and then moved on to something else with my entree, but I wasn't feeling well and knew I was only going to have one glass of wine so I chose the Simi cab and it was perfect. 

We started with a shrimp cocktail (for my husband) and black truffle infused eggs (for me) - creamy and delicately scrambled with black truffle shavings on top - served on a piece of toasted brioche. I will probably crave those eggs.

For the second course we both had the beet salad which was excellent and perfectly dressed.

For our entrees my husband had the salmon and I had the short rib. It was recommended that the salmon be cooked medium rare and he said it couldn't have been more perfect. The beef short rib was very good and I loved the other things on the plate (brussels sprouts, pureed parsnip, au jus and crispy onions). The meat was a little stringy but short ribs can be that way. Even though they might be perfectly tender, they can be a bit stringy and hard to chew at times. I wonder if they use local beef. If not, I would recommend that they do. I have found that I get the best quality and most consistent meat when I buy from a local farm. 

We declined dessert because we had a birthday cake waiting at home but our waiter wanted us to see the menu anyway. For me, the dessert menu was probably the weakest part of the food offerings. Nothing really appealed to me. For times like that I always wish that there was a sorbet, gelato, or ice cream on the menu - maybe with a wafer or cookie. Can't go wrong with that! 

Zack, our waiter, was was not hovering but always there just when we needed something.

All around good food and good service. Will be nice when they open their patio for the warmer months. Very romantic little place. I hope they continue to succeed.
Jansen is relatively new and we like to try new places. And after dining there on a crowded Saturday evening, I sincerely hope that Jansen stays put for a long time. The Germantown/Mt. Airy restaurant scene needed an infusion of life and Jansen delivers with pizzazz, panache and elegance. If all goes well, more good restaurants will follow their lead.

I was able to make a last minute reservation on Open Table, but I wouldn't suggest waiting until the last minute, especially on a weekend because they are sure to be full. It's street parking only and while that might be a small challenge on a weekend evening, for God's sakes, don't let that stop you from getting a great meal! The bar and waiting area is tight but the reservations and table turnover time were well managed.  While P and I were at the bar sipping a cocktail, David Jansen appeared and extended us a friendly greeting while answering my questions about the Australian grilled lamb chops.  Once we were seated in the dining room, we started off with shrimp cocktail and house made gravlax. Both appetizers were very fresh and nicely presented. I couldn't resist the lamb chops for my main course and although they were a bit underdone, they were delicious. P had grilled pompano with herbed flat pasta, mushrooms and root vegetables. This dish does not show up on their online menu but was on the restaurant copy. Our server had excellent knowledge of the entire menu and his wine suggestion complemented my meal like hand in glove. Dessert was the chocolate mousse cake. Light with lots of smooth chocolate flavor, I'd get it again.

Jansen has great ambiance and is small enough to feel cozy with space enough to relax. The acoustics are good and the noise level was never too much for casual conversation. They have a larger room upstairs for gatherings and parties. I highly recommend giving them a try while you can because it's going to tough to get a reservation as they get better and better.
Went for a celebratory dinner on a Saturday night. Really cute place in an old stone home.  My husband and I thought the cocktails left a little to be desired (we ordered an old fashioned and the Bee's Knees) but to be fair we often make these at home exactly to our tastes so maybe we're a little biased. The wine list was great, however! 

That being said, the food was amazing. Everything had great flavor and was perfectly cooked. Would highly recommend the crab and avocado toast and the red snapper. The waitstaff was great as well. They didn't hover but didn't ever leave us waiting for long. Will definitely be back!
Very delicious meal. Enjoyed everything. Looking forward to trying happy hour outside on the patio with friends soon during the week. Pricey but worth it for a nice night out.
So happy to have this gem in the neighborhood. Met the chef after dinner. Day #3 of the restaurant's life.
My husband and I dined here for the first time on Friday, Dec. 30th.  We both had an outstanding experience and were very impressed by the quality of food, service, and atmosphere in the restaurant.  The service was terrific and the presentation of the food was easily the best I've had in Philadelphia.  The prices were very reasonable for the quality.  The bill was $100 per person with tip and tax.  That includes two drinks per person, lobster cocktail, two first courses (one of which was the foie gras special), and two main courses.  You could definitely spend less if you wanted, but we splurged since it was our New Year's treat.  

I thought the atmosphere was great-formal but not stuffy.  Overall, this is probably my new favorite special occasion place in Philadelphia.  The best part is the prices are so reasonable that it could be a place to go very month or so.
Ate here last night.  The outside dinning is perfect.  It was freezing cold and raining hard out and they had a perfect set up.  More than enough heaters set up outside.  The 4 of us felt very comfortable.  You wouldn't even know it was raining out, the tent outside is perfect and not one bit of rain came near us.    They must of had 7-8 heaters heating it up last night.

Oh the food, it's ridiculously awesome.  The chef makes some great foods. The flavors are so good in everything we ordered.  Our table was amazed at the food.  Could be one of my favorite restaurants.
Very safe and thoughtful service. Jansen delivers again. There space exceeds expectations from a COVID perspective. Nevertheless, they have not compromised on quality of food and atmosphere.

We were very happy with our choice to dine at Jansen. We highly recommend.
We were disappointed in Jansen and didn't think it represents good value.  The space was very nice.  Noise level was pretty high--we had difficulty hearing each other, even though the dining room wasn't filled late on a Satuday night.  We had looked on the menu on-line, but fewer items were available at the restaurant, and most of them really didn't appeal to us.  We ordered an appetizer special with scallops that sounded yummy--but about 10 minutes later our server told us it was not longer available.  The substituted crab cocktail had high-quality crab, but was boring-.  The pork tenderloin was adequate but unexciting, and my choinoiserie halibut was downright flavorless--including the interesting sounding "forbidden rice."  I left a fair portion over, and the waiter asked whether I wanted to take home the leftovers.  When I told him "no", he just said, "but you liked it, right?" as he walked away.  The waiters got my husband and my main courses mixed so we each had the wrong cutlery....not a big deal, but when paying a decent amount we expect both high-quality tasty food AND excellent service.  On the plus side, all the staff were very nice, the Gimlet cocktails were wonderful, and the dessert of spongecake with lemongrass ice cream was the best part of the meal.  With so many good places to eat in the area, we won't be returning.
This is by far my favorite restaurant in or around Philadelphia. The menu is constantly changing but the staff is very knowledgeable and accommodating to all dietary restrictions/ needs. I can not wait to go back. Our server Eugene was extremely attentive and helpful pairing wines. Seriously don't wait, make a reservation today.
The food, service, the atmosphere, the wines, the craft cocktails!

Jansen is a fine fine and friendly neighborhood restaurant.  The service is impeccable from the moment you walk in to the moment that you leave. The attention to detail on every level is outstanding. And yet, it is a friendly and non-intimidating restaurant. 

The staff is extraordinarily knowledgeable. They can offer recommendations in anyway if you simply ask.  This restaurant isn't simply a special occasion place, it's an all occasion anytime place.
I had a lovely evening here. The food is delicious and beautiful. I had the lobster cocktail and the pork. The portions are good and everything is plated beautifully. We sat outside which is very nice. The staff was attentive but not overbearing.
Awesome!  We had been to this location before when it was Mexican - but you wouldn't recognize the inside now.  We were able to sit outside which is a covered patio.  Perfect on a nice evening.  

For starters we shared the lobster and then the mushroom and Gruyere bruschetta.  Lobster was good - 2 sauces accompany.  The bruschetta might have been my favorite dish of the night.  Fresh mushrooms, Gruyere cheese and topped with an egg.  

Wife had halibut and I went with the filet.  Portion size was just right.  My filet was spot on temp and perfectly seasoned.  My wife loved her halibut as well as the sides on the plate.

Desert - we went with a peanut butter something (can't remember name).  It was actually a trifecta of desert - 3 different deserts on one plate.  Delish.

I can see Jansen easily on the Philly top 50 list next year.
Came here on a Saturday night with another couple. We were looking forward to great food and service based on past reviews. We thought the food was great - apps -bruschetta, beet salad and tomatoe soup. Our entrees- quail, filet, salmon and halibut were good as well. 
The issue was with service. My martini arrived without the requested olives. The amuse bouche, an avocado soup served in demitasse cups was great, but we had all finished it as the bus boy arrived delivering spoons to eat it with. Those plates remained on the table through our appetizers and entrees. 
I thought the food, including desserts, was fabulous, and will return. Hopefully service will be a bit  more attentive.
Have been to Jansen several times but had a very disappointing meal last night. Salad was wilted and over dressed, obviously made in advance and served to us after sitting way too long. Their special for the evening was a Black Sea bass way overly salted. I'm still swollen from it this morning. Not running back!!!
The food was quite good (B+) though certainly not in line with the hype or my expectations. Main beef was with the waiter who relentlessly attempted to up-charge my party to the point where we questioned (after his third attempt) whether or not he might be competing with his colleagues to bring in the most dollars for the evening. Thoroughly off-putting for an aspirational dining establishment.
I can't say enough good things about this place! Every single thing I had was perfect! The shrimp and grits  were so amazing I don't think I can have them anywhere else! We also got every  dessert while we were there and they were all so amazing I would go back just for them! Can't wait to go  back
We just returned from dinner at Jansen and it was superb. From the excellent service to the gourmet entrees (the Salmon and the Turbo)  and desert (Peach with cream sauce). We loved every minute of it. JUST GREAT ! Thank you to the chef David Jansen, our waiter Ken, and Kevin who mixed our cocktails !!!  We'll be back soon.
I don't think I can stress enough how truly amazing this restaurant is! The service, unique food choices, presentation, taste, overall ambience, etc - you name it and this place has it covered! It is a little bit of a hike since it is located in Mount Airy which would be a little north of Philly and 45 min away from where I live in the suburbs, but I would make this drive again happily when I want to be guaranteed to have a nice meal! Online it says that this restaurant is a French / American restaurant. The wine list is extensive, and should cover all palates. As for food, I had the pork tenderloin and my husband had the crispy duck confit. The pork tenderloin was cooked perfectly and my husband's duck was delicious. I don't even care for duck, but I would have cleaned his plate if I ordered it! For an appetizer, we ordered the charcuterie which hands down was the best assortment of meats, cheeses, bread, nuts, fruit, and condiments I have ever had. Everything from the wine, appetizer, and entrees complimented each other so well - superb meal!!
A wonderful restaurant from start to finish. The place is an old house elegantly updated inside. There is an outside area too. The wait staff was unbelievably attentive and thoroughly professional. We were a party of six and when the entrees came out they had extra servers serve us so everything was presented all at once. The owner even came out to say hello. 

I haven't even mentioned the food yet. Easily 5 stars, everything was delicious. I had a spring salad special and it was so fresh and subtly flavored. My entree was a favorite of mine, shrimp and grits and it was flavorful and delicious. The chocolate cake for dessert was a beautiful way to end the meal. I LOVEd it!
We there last night for a party.

Outstanding service 
Outstanding food
Very nice environment 
Cozy 

If you are dying to try this place.  Please do so, you will not regret!  

Really a great place to eat or party!
My daughter and I enjoyed a truly lovely evening at Jansen last week, and it absolutely lives up to all the fabulous reviews. Chef David Jansen has created an outstanding restaurant that hits every note perfectly. 

We ate in the outdoor garden, a covered patio that makes you wonder if you've been transported to the French countryside, rather than just off Germantown Avenue. The staff was attentive and friendly, but not obsequious, and we never felt hurried. The wine pours were generous and the Jansen cocktail (infused with mint and cucumbers) was light, refreshing, and ideal for a summer's evening. 

Chef David came out multiple times to say hello to his guests, which extended the welcoming atmosphere that began as soon as we stepped inside.

Each table began with a complimentary mushroom consomme amuse-bouche- flavorful, fun, and served in a teacup. My daughter's beef filet entree was cooked perfectly, but it was the potatoes that nearly stole the show- buttery, garlicky, and simply delicious. My own grilled salmon was outstanding, with a crispy top and a soft interior, and seasoning light enough to let the true flavor of the fish shine through. The portions, like the pours, are generous.

It was a challenge of the most pleasant variety to select our dessert. The chocolate caramel tart was as delicious as the name implies and ample enough to be shared.

As if this all was not enough, we each received a tasty parting gift in form of a sweet pastry. We would highly recommend, and will certainly be coming back!
Enjoyed everything. Just wish my halibut could have been hotter. So nice to see a place with this ambiance and quality in Mt. Airy. Oh, and the blood orange martini was delicious!
Outstanding experience. Everything we ordered (and we ordered a lot) was expertly prepared, creative in its flavor combinations and textures (without being pretentious), and just darned delicious! Fresh oysters...can get anywhere, right? No. Not like this. Honestly the best I've had in a very long time. The pompano was ridiculously good. He changed my sister's mind about skate! And the desserts...flavors that I heard signing before I even put into my mouth. The chocolate caramel tart...what‽‽ O.M.G. Rounding out the perfect experience: the gentleman who took care of us provided the best recommendations and was super personable. To top it all off, Chef Jansen came out to greet us and - what a nice touch - to compliment us on our menu selections. Class act all the way. Can't wait to go back, again and again.
The atrium is a very attractive room with view of outdoors. Menu is very creative. Foie gras was excellent. My husband's lamb was NOT good. They are stingy with their pours of wine - not wise for an expensive restaurant.
Had the pleasure of eating here at a private party even, with a 7 course prepared menu.  Highlights for me were definitely the foie gras with truffles (2nd course I believe), a quenelle of turbot (3rd course), and strangely enough the filet.  Normally I'm not a filet person at all as it's, at least to me, not a very flavorful cut of steak.  But this was prepared perfectly and the meat was incredibly tender, and had a great flavor.  I definitely want to head back here and try a regular meal sometime soon. 

Also, parking was a breeze - don't let the thought of street parking in Mt. Airy scare you off.
Just tried Jansen, our newest neighborhood restaurant, for the first time.  They've done a nice job with the interior space of this old and charming building.  The food ranged from solid to excellent.  Beet salad was the highlight, and they had beets prepared in different ways, bringing a nice texture to the food.  The gravlax was good, if a little light on the actual gravlax.  Enjoyed the sweet potato pasta.  Delighted this place is in the neighborhood -- priced a bit high perhaps.  Beautifully presented food.
We've been trying to go to Jansen pretty much since it opened, but could never get a reservation.  With an anniversary on the horizon, i planned the event and obtained a reservation over a month in advance.  It was definitely worth the effort!  From the chipper Jackie at the front door, to meeting Chef Jansen himself, to the actual meal everything is top notch.  Ms D had the flatbread first course and the salmon.  I shared the flatbread and it was really good, cheese, onions, bacon, arugula all mixed with balsamic on top of a tasty flatbread.  Ms D wanted her sushi grade salmon well cooked, but it was still delicious both for dinner and for her breakfast this morning.  I had the lobster cocktail with a remoulade and a sauce.  Very yummy with lemon and quite the presentation with a (clean) lobster head on the top.  Spiced nicely and over the top delicious.  My dinner was the pork tenderloin which was perfectly cooked to a tender flavor explosion.  It came with spatzele and tantalizing gravy.  For dessert we had a sponge cake drizzled with caramel and a cream cheese mousse.  Even though we were full by this point we had to finish it.  The coffee and tea were excellent both served in coffee press.  The service was impeccable, with help as soon as you looked in the direction of a waiter. Just truly a superb experience.  It wasn't cheap, but for a special event it was well worth the effort of getting a reservation.  We arrived early and there was parking out front, but I'm sure later on the street parking can be tight. But this is an elegant place that you'll be glad to have checked out. 
All that said they do need to fix the drip at the front door!
Fine cuisine from farm to table, impeccable service from the former executive chef at the Four Seasons as well as several former staff members from the Union League. Expertly executed yet simple, they really have outgunned most of their downtown counterparts (Townsend etc). I've had 3 really excellent meals here and strongly recommend this place. Beautiful space as well. Priced relatively reasonably too (the same thing downtown would be 20% more expensive IMO. A real gem in an area that is somewhat lacking in fine cuisine, check it out!
Wonderful dinner experience at Jansen when I visited on July 25. My friend and I were treated famously by the attentive staff. I was a few minutes late for our reservation (parking is on street only and I should have ubered) but, when I arrived, I found that my friend was seated happily and enjoying a French 75. Very nice. 

We both had the corn vichyssoise which was perfect for a hot summer night. Then branzino for me and steak frites for my friend. I also enjoyed the tempranillo blanco which was outstanding. 

Everything about this visit was top notch and I will definitely return. Thank you Jansen!
This was the first meal my husband I have eaten out since the pandemic in Philadelphia.  We had been to Jansen a handful of times before, and were thrilled with the experience this summer.  Jansen has a wonderful patio with shaded seats and a ceiling fan.  The tables were all spaced more than six ft. apart and the servers/staff all very professional about social distancing and wearing masks.  We felt very comfortable eating there.  Equally as important, the food was as delicious as we remember.  We had the lobster/corn ravioli special, smoked salmon for our first courses and then the halibut and short rib for our main courses.  Everything was delicious and well cooked.  We will be back soon.  This is such a hidden gem in the city and one of our favorite places to eat.
Great food.  Great service.  Drinks were excellent too!  A little pricey but worth it.
It is simply a sublime dining experience. We went on a whim. The food was superb. The space was refreshing & inviting. The service was impeccable (& I am a demanding ass ).
Our thanks to the Chef, his kitchen staff, our server Kelly, and everyone else who made it such a surprisingly lovely dinner. 
Looking forward to our next visit.
We had such an incredible experience last night! It's beautiful inside, the drinks are phenomenal, the service and omgoodness Chef Jansen is a treasure! I am so sorry for not remembering the bartenders name, but I had the best Martini I have EVER had last night.  Our beautiful server Anitra (so sorry if I botched that spelling) was so caring, so sweet, informative, on top of everything. Man took care of us all through the night as well.  If I lived closer I'd be there every weekend, living in south Jersey, Jansens is beyond worth the drive! Looking forward to returning to see what other amazing creations Chef Jansens cooks up! Thank you for making my Uncles 91st birthday so special!
Our go-to for a fancy date night. Expensive but the food, service, and ambience fits the price tag. Quite possibly one of the top best 10 restaurants in Philadelphia.
By far the finest restaurant in NW Philly. Very creative dishes, good portions, and great ambience. The service is superb and makes anyone  feel like they are the most important guest they've had. I have a new favorite dish every time I go. It is also a throwback to another time, where every role (server, bidder, sommelier) is fulfilled and fulfilled with someone passionate about what they do. Additionally, the dessert is always worth saving room for and there are generally always specials worth ordering. 5/5
I absolutely love this quaint neighborhood place. Previously, this was a great Mexican restaurant, and before that a little old man used to live here by himself, yelling at the pedestrians wandering by in a bathrobe. The best incarnation of this space so far is Jansen! Fresh and unexpected takes on classic American food, with unexpectedly amazing raw bar. The cultivated selection of oysters are incomparable in Philadelphia. Whiskey selections here are also impressive-informed staff are highly educated. Specials are always impressive, even for the most snobby foodie.
Jansen is one of my favorite restaurants in the area! I have had a great experience and received great service every time I've gone. They also have a great socially distanced setup outside during Covid. I couldn't recommend this place more!
Get thee to Jansen!  An adorable restaurant with a great outdoor dining area in the ever hip Mt. Airy.  Staff was lovely and the owner even stopped by our table to say hello.  All the cocktails were amazing but I highly recommend the Pineapple Vanilla mojito,delicious!  We chose a few starters but the table agreed that we could all happily live off of the tuna and avocado bruschetta for the remainder of our lives. I'm glad we didn't stop there because the potato and ricotta ravioli was truly the best I have ever had.  I wish I could give this place 10 stars as it deserves every one. I cannot emphasize enough what an outstanding meal this was from beginning to end.  Well done, Jansen.
My first visit at Jansen will not be my last! I had an amazing meal here for my birthday a few days ago. The cocktail list is inventive and fun. I got a gin, prickly pear and aloe liqueur drink that was pink! For starters, we tried the seasonal soup--creamy cauliflower, and the lyonnaise salad, which was frisée with a Dijon vinaigrette, bacon lardons, potatoes crisps and a giant crouton with melted gruyere cheese. For entrees, my husband got the duck breast and I got the short rib. We tried the panna cotta and mocha brownie/cake for dessert. Everything was amazing and I can't wait to go back.
This has become my absolute favorite restaurant in Philadelphia . The chef is a culinary genius, the ambience is unmatched and the service is outstanding
So my wife really wanted to go here for her birthday. We had reservations we made a month ago before the COVID kid came back in full swing. However as we approached the end of December we weren't feeling all that comfortable going out to eat. So we canceled them and my wife texted me "worst birthday ever". 

So I didn't want to plow through the day without celebrating the light of my life. We talked about it and we're like let's just do take out from there rather than go in. Also this is in no way criticizing their COVID policies. No clue what they even are. 

We ordered online the night before. This was a little bit of a pain because it just a box you type into. Nothing to select. So we had one phone on the menu and one phone on the order form. Also I was trying to use the exact wording they used for fear of getting it incorrect. I have a feeling this process leads to misunderstandings between parties. That's really my only criticism. 

So I got the Elk. First time I've ever had Elk and it was really awesome. It came with mushroom risotto that was delicious and vanilla sweetened carrots. I was super happy with my choice. It also came with a bone that I assume I was supposed to eat the marrow out of. I tried it but I've never eaten that before either and that's not my cup of tea. That was pretty gross. In my opinion that's is a matter of taste. Not any slight to how it was prepared. 

My wife had the Norwegian Salmon. Of course she couldn't finish the whole feeeesh and I was able to taste that as well. It was also very very good. 

We got two salads as starters. Didn't even open one of them until next day. It's a little expensive but I do think you get enough food. Id say you get what you pay for here.
The restaurant is located in a renovated building with several rooms and a covered outside area.  Warm atmosphere and very attentive and polite staff. The food was outstanding.  Delicious with a unique presentation,  The beef short ribs were tender and filled with flavor.  The house salad was unique.  Expensive but well worth it.
Our first dinner out since the pandemic and could not have been happier.  Was a bit nervous to eat at a restaurant but remembering how great the food was, decided to take a chance. The table were spaced more than 6 feet apart (and under cover, which was important as it was raining), disposable menus and the staff was all (including chef) wearing face coverings.  The food was even better than we remembered. 

We had the Vidalia onion  soup (velvety and so flavorful with the pieces of shrimp), the oysters Rockefeller (great) for starters. The duck may have been the best preparation we've had and the halibut but the seafood emulsion with large pieces of shrimp, mussels, and lobster was outstanding.  Our serve Julia was great - her description of the specials made it difficult to decide what to order.  Chatting with Chef was great, amazed at how fantastic the food can be from the small kitchen). Can't wait until our next visit to Jansen's.
The food is creative and delicious. The wait staff is superbly trained. I was surprised to find such an upscale restaurant in Mount Airy. I love going there for our celebrations.
The best upscale dining experience in the Chestnut Hill area. Never disappoints. Great chef, great service, great atmosphere.
After reading these reviews I will have to agree and disagree.  My disagree: The menu changes monthly. If you loved your Salmon on your first visit, it probably won't be prepared the same on the following visits. My Salmon side this time was not my taste or style. For those with allergies or an aversion to certain spices etc. you will need to read and question each app and entre.  We ordered and shared the Caesar salad again on our second visit. It's priced at $17.00. Much more than same caliber competing restaurants. We were assured it was enough to share. First time YES, second time NO. Only enough for one and at $17.00 that's too much. Most of our party were very happy with their food and service, barring the usual quibbles about any restaurant. I won't be back because when I like a meal I want to know I can get it again. For foodies and the adventurous this is your place.
I had a fantastic meal at Jansen for dinner tonight. I've been wanting to try it since it opened, finally got there and it definitely didn't disappoint. The wait staff and manager were attentive and had great menu recommendations for my friend and me. I'm a sucker for an amuse bouche and we got tiny squares of brioche topped with salmon to start which were delicious. They also brought us freshly baked bread. We  started with the Prosciutto Wrapped Romaine Heart which had delicious croutons and a balsamic drizzle. We also had the Hamachi Crudo which was so fresh and delicious (especially with the champagne mango and pineapple salad that was serviced with it!) it was the perfect appetizer to eat on a hot day. For our main meals my friend had the salmon and I had the lamb which was a special. His salmon was cooked in a curry that had just the right amount of spice. My lamb came with spinach orzo which was one of the best pastas I have ever tasted. The lamb was cooked perfectly as well. I would have loved to have tried a dessert but was so full after eating the appetizers and my entree that I couldn't. I will definitely be back soon.
