This would be a one star, but when you're airport bound you have to make concessions.

Service was basically terrible. The drink menus don't have any prices. At all. So I asked how much things cost and was told, by my extraordinarily disinterested waitress, that it was anywhere from $6 - $11 for a beer.

Keep in mind, they have a very nice selection of beers on their menu. So I resorted to asking how much each one was (call me a cheapskate if you will, but I was on the company dime!). It was during this asking that I found out they were out of almost everything I would have been interested in. So, you'd be wise to look at what's actually on tap and then, still, keep your fingers crossed that it's available.

The food was substandard. With limited vegetarian options, I ordered the appetizing sounding parmesan tater tots. Lo and behold, they were your run of the mill frozen and reheated tater tots with a couple of shakes of your generic brand of powdered parmesan. Rough.

Ultimately, it was a place with booze and food in the airport and that's what I needed, but if you can find something, ANYTHING else, I would go for that. Judging by the amount of people waiting for a table, I'm guessing you (and everyone else) is just shit out of luck in the Philadelphia airport.
Sure, I will have some beer while I wait for a flight. Woah, you have some good beer... I love 60 min ipa. How much could it be?? I'm sure I will enjoy it. Oh shit, $11.44?  

Yeah. Stay away.

They have 48 TVs and I had to ask twice to have ABC family turned off in favor of playoff hockey.  

Stay away 2x.
I saw the ratings on Yelp prior to eating here but I had limited time between flights so I needed to make a quick stop.  This place looked appealing to me because it had a bunch of beers on tap.  I seated myself and was greeted and was asked what I wanted to drink.  I asked for a Diet Coke and asked me if Diet Pepsi was ok.  I said "no" and asked for a beer menu.  I got the beer menu and made my first selection which was out; I made my second selection which was also out;  I got my third choice called "The Kragle IPA" and I'm really glad that I got that one because I never had it before and it was pretty good! 

For my meal I ordered the Black and Bleu burger with fries.  I love the taste of Blue Cheese, Bacon, Cajun Seasoning and steak sauce so I asked for A1 and the server said that they did not carry steak sauce.  My burger was fine but I added some mustard because it was a tad dry with no sauce.  

The place was overpriced but I knew that it would be since it is at an airport.  I was content with my meal and the service was good and the beer was great on the 3rd attempt.  A-OK, 3 stars!
Color me surprised.  My expectations are low for airport restaurants, although we've been finding an increasing number of pretty good ones over the past few years.  This was adjacent to our departure gate.  We had a 6AM fight out of SFO and had been up since 2:15.  We had a light breakfast on the plane and by the time we got to Philadelphia we were a bit hungry.  Alan walked over, looked at their menu and suggested splitting a Philly Cheese Steak.  I couldn't face that and, truth be told, he couldn't have eaten it either because of the sodium.  His next suggestion was a hamburger.  We agreed to have it medium rare.  Rather than going over and eating in the restaurant itself, he ordered it and brought it back to where I was sitting at the gate.  

The hamburger was accompanied by hand cut, crispy fries and were just a bit on the salty side.  Maybe the oil they were fried in was salted.  The hamburger was cut in half and it was pretty close to medium rare.  It came w/ a fresh piece of romaine and a slice of tomato and Alan brought packets of mustard and catsup.  The hamburger patty itself was very tasty and half was just what w needed to stave off the hunger pangs.  We were both impressed.  Not fine dining but good quality.
For an airport bar, I was pleasantly surprised with the craft beer selection. I mean, this was my first time patronizing an airport bar so I'm no authority on the matter, but any bar with a Belgian tripel on the menu can't be all bad. That said, it can certainly be *mostly* bad.

We were already dreading getting into Denver at 9:30pm MST. We knew baggage claim and a two-hour drive to Vail in poor conditions awaited us post-touch-down (how's that for a triple hyphen?). But still, we accepted our fate as we drove along to the airport. Until...a 1.5 hour delay greeted us--more like slapped us across the face--as soon as we prepared to check our bags. So what do you do in that situation? My dad, the avid beer drinker, saw only one course of action: drink. 

I've never liked the idea of airport bars and restaurants. Sure, I'll buy a sandwich or a salad at some CIBO express and bring it on the plane, but actually sitting down at a psuedo-establishment just gives me the willies, for whatever reason (yes, apparently people do still use that expression). So I already felt a little wary when we made the decision to plop down at Jet Rock. Was this a self-fulfilling prophecy? Perhaps. But two stars is two stars.

Something about the, er, "ambiance" here is off. The lighting is downright awful--dark and creepy--which made the primary color "accents" seem faintly sinister. So right off the bat, not the best first impression. Then, we met our waitress.

Let me preface this by saying I really try not to judge people. It's superficial and empty. But when someone appears that they have escaped from a dystopian film, I'm going to feel a bit skeezed out. I'm not going to make any sort of assumptions about her character, but the fact remains that her service prompted us to leave quite a bit sooner than we had anticipated. She bugged us constantly for orders and she made a point of touching my shoulder as she passed our table. She shot my dad a few dirty looks for no discernible reason. But enough gossip--at least we had good beer.

This experience wasn't 100% bad. After all, as we know from inside out, most memories are colored by more than one core feeling (sorry, just had to). We did, at least, get some good beer here. Or, as my dad puts it, "I was not unhappy with my beer in any way". I got a "Merry Monks", which is far from the best beer I've ever had, but still quite good considering the location. And just a note: I didn't have any issues with the prices here. Airports jack up their prices because they can. Accessibility/convenience is economics 101. So in that regard, no complaints. And only in that regard.
We arrived at the airport a bit early so we decided to enjoy a sit down meal, rather than eating at a generic food court. Jet Rock was the one table service restaurant on the concourse so here we were! 

I sensed trouble when we sat down in the empty dining room and waited quite a few minutes with no employees in sight. I went to the counter and asked if they had table service and was assured, a waiter or waitress would be over soon. Sure enough, a waitress materialized and took our drink order without a hitch. Things were looking up!

Then, I ordered Parmesan tater tots. I was informed they didn't have any tater tots but don't worry, the fries are crinkle cut so they are plenty crispy. When my sandwich and fries came, they were standard fries, soggy and under cooked. I asked the waitress if these were crinkle cut fries and then came the attitude complete with well-rehearsed eye-rolling and a huge sigh. "Oh. Did you want a new set of fries then?" I was like, "Yea, I do."

Well, the crinkle cut fries sucked also when they were delivered by the clearly exasperated waitress. I mean, I'm not expecting Michelin star service here but I didn't need the whole attitude production.

I ate half my sucky sandwich that came bone dry, without any condiments, and we left.

At least the drink had alcohol in it!
My waitress never told me her name, my iced tea took about 15 minutes and was never refilled, my salad came out at the same time as my burger, and there was paper on my burger. I know that its in an airport but still COME ON. Worst place I have ever eaten, hands down. 

There were a few good things about it. TONS of televisions and pretty hot bartenders and a huge selection of beer. Next time, if there is a next time, I will sit at the bar.
Keeping in mind that it's an airport restaurant, it's actually pretty good. I got the cheesesteak wrap and fries. Service was a little slow but I had really low expectations to begin with. I'd probably go to this place again in the future if I'm in the airport. But "airport good" and "non airport good" are very different.
Sat down and waited about ten min for a waitress.  The place was less than half full.  Finally gave up & left. As I walked out, I passed a gaggle of staff standing around at the bar, one was texting on her cell phone.
Find somewhere else! Service was awful and try were out of vodka and items on menu. It was awful! You are better off with water and m&m's from the airport store!
Really 2 and 1/2 stars but not an option here.  The Classic Philadelphia cheesesteak with cheese whiz, onions and pepper while good was not $12.75 good.  And here's an airport shocker, you get about a dozen fries too!!  The sandwich could have had more meat and onions, the cheese whiz was fine.  Somehow, I really expected a different cheese.  But for $8 this is a 3 star place.  Ok, i'm at an airport, but why have a decent size beer menu and not have half the beer available?

The service was slow, but again at airport, not McDonald's.  I had time to kill before flight got cancelled.  The service got very interesting when lots of people showed up, their hostess got off her ass to yell at people seating themselves.  But I'm on east coast, so this could be normal.

If you have an extra hour and a half you maybe good.  Bring $80 if two people eat and have two drinks here.
Good flavors? limited
Quality for price? yes
Competent service? yes
Clean joint? yes but crowded in the extreme
Real beers? oh yes!


For an airport bar, this was fantastic. The necessarily crowded tight fit and necessarily limited menu (it's an airport) are all that keep it from being truly oerfect. Great beer list for an airport, better than most non-Philly bars, airport or not! Good fries, decent enough service (if a tad slow). The prices were nowhere near as high as you'd think for a captive audience...barely over Philly market numbers. Thank you!!!
What a disaster! We had very little time to make our connecting flight so we went to the place closest to the gate hoping that we could get in and out quickly. 

We ordered the Philly Cheese Steak, hoping for the best and asking the waitress if we could be out in 15-20 minutes. She said that wouldn't be a problem. We did ask for onion rings in place of French fries, again, no problem but with an up charge of $2.50. A bit steep considering that the Cheese Steak was $11.00!!! But, time was short so we went for it.

The good news.... The Cheese Steak came out quickly.

The bad news.... Where do I start? 
1) It was the skimpiest steak sandwich we had ever seen - no hyperbole in use! Maybe a 1/8 lb. of meat and a dollop of cheese-like yellow stuff on top. I wouldn't insult Cheez Wiz saying that's what it was, but maybe it was. 

2) Remember the $2.50 up charge for the onion rings? Well, we got semi-warm French fries. By the time we tracked down our server it was way too late to get the rings!

Complained briefly to the manager while running out to catch our plane. She did give us two bottles of water to try to make it right. Appreciated that, but it wasn't enough.

Don't go here or at least don't order the Philly Cheese Steak! I should've known better!
Eh. Its just... meh. 
Went in to nurse a hangover after attending an engagement party outside of Philly. My friend and I bellied up to the bar and ordered two vodka drinks. They werent very strong at all for 11 bucks a pop. I ordered a cheesesteak cuz there was a stand that shares space with this place and I hadnt had a chance to stop in Philly to hit up Pats like I usually do so I had to settle. Settling indeed. I asked for a cheesesteak with wiz. It cam out with two slices of cheese ... how is this wiz?! Dont you people appreciate the importance of wiz?! I am in Philly right? Ugh. Moving on...
My friend asked for sauteed mushrooms on her burger. The burger itself was good but they just threw cold canned mushrooms on the burger. What a ruiner. 
Next time I fly down I'll stick to draft beer and a plain cheesburger. 
One plus... cool space, big windows.
The wait staff was great how ever I got robbed on my beer. They charged me $14.95 for  ONE 22oz dogfish head 60 min. DO NOT Buy a beer from them. Please see my pic if you do not believe me. I talked to the manager before I left. He would not adjust the price stating it was a fair market price.
This place lured us in at the airport, appearing to be a sort of gastropub where we could obtain reasonable food and drinks.  You know that saying about not judging a book by its cover?  Yeah....

One of the first problems that is pretty common with places like this is that you can just walk in and sit down which usually means your service is going to be crap.  We had to retrieve our own menus, and then after seeing staff who were clearly not waiting our area pass by over and over, we flagged someone down and asked them if we could order.

I ordered the chicken fingers and my bf ordered a wrap.  The chicken fingers were pretty standard.  Crispy, and fried, what more can you really ask for.  My bf was extremely displeased with his wrap and I sampled it just to see what he was talking about and it was honestly gross.  There is no way it was prepared fresh.  I've had better wraps at gas stations where they sit in the fridge for days.  The wrap was soggy and the turkey inside had no taste at all.  The lettuce was soft and wilted and the whole wrap was just inedible.

It also took forever to get our food and check, which is never what you want when you're at an airport on a tight schedule.  Next time I'll just grab some food from Joe's down the hallway...
Awesome beer selection marred by crappy service. Not worth a stop. Even if you see Pliny on draft. Not worth it. Trust me!
their located in Terminal D location at PHX. A little costy but worth a stop for a sandwhich or drink before a flight or during a lay over.
Bad food, way overpriced. If I am ever in the Philly airport again, I will choose another restaurant.
Jet Rock is awful.

I was flying United back to Denver. My flight left very early in the morning so I did not have time to grab breakfast along the way.

I stopped here for an omelette before my flight left. It was awful. The eggs were runny and the ham inside tasted like rubber. This was a bad experience.

Plus, it was close to $12 for this omellete, plus tip. That is insane. You can get better food at Dunkin Donuts for the price.
Horrible beyond words.  It's what you would expect if the DMV cooked your food. The cooks didn't clean the grill. The meat in the cheese steaks tasted burned and was cooked to beyond dry.  

I went to look at the grill area since it was visible from the concourse. The grill was coated with burned food. The cooks were in the process of scraping a cardboard thickness of burned food off the grill. I tried to talk to the cooks and let them know about my concerns. They could not have cared less and actually taunted me.

Update1 :  I go through this airport as often as 5 times a week on occasion.  As I'd walk by the open cooking area I've noticed the cooks still don't clean the grill.  It's always covered with burned food.  Once I saw a piece of cheese sitting directly on the grill burning.  WTF?

Update2: It bothers me that I paid over $50 for 4 horrible burned tasting dry cheesesteaks the first time.  Walking by the grill and noticing all the burned food on it I asked to speak to the manager.  I told her about my experience.  To be fair she listened to my issues.  I asked her to look at the grill and see the burned food.  She saw it.  I told her how when I walked by on nearly daily trip through the airport I call out when the grill is covered with burned food, "clean the grill."  The cook acknowledged that I do this.  We'll see if anything changes.
I sat here for close to an hour and was completly ignored by the wait staff. Even made eye contact and had an empty beer glass in front of me. I couldn't help but get angry as others were served and left before I was served. STAY AWAY!!!
I would recommend the philly cheesesteak.  It's nice that they have the touch screen to order food, but it takes forever. Service is slow even when they aren't busy.  They charge $5 for a fountain drink (that is flat/diluted).
My Airport star rating for this restaurant is 4 stars, however if it were in a city I probably would never make a point to go here and give it a much lower rating.

That being said this is actually a decent airport restaurant. The prices on the food are on par for what you would expect at an airport and they have a selection that is sure to please anyone in your party. Also, its worth noting that they have quite the selection of adult beverages! 

Since my usual flight leaves out of B terminal I find myself here wasting time more often than Id like. My usual is a cobb salad and a martini which are done pretty well here ( I know its very boring but I tend not to be adventurous when on the road). I can't comment on the other things offered here, but when the waitress walks by with food it looks pretty good.

Overall I would recommend this place to a friend passing through the airport looking for time to kill in B terminal. If you think about it, the meal itself isn't much more than a pre-boxed item you can pick up in a rush. Of course, the martini throws the budget aspect of this establishment out the window, but sometimes you just need some booze to deal with traveling.
Beer selection was a bit lacking, but I was still able to find a couple of beers that I liked. It was pretty busy, yet I received decent service. I went with their Bacon & Cheese Burger which came with fries and two beers to go with it.

*Yards Love Stout on nitro*
I asked my waitress what was the current rotating nitro selection. I'm glad that I asked, because with the appropriate name, I did love this stout by Yards especially on nitro.

*Bacon & Cheese Burger*
A bit pricey at $13.95. Even though it came with fries, it just didn't feel like I had gotten my money's worth. It was a decent burger, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat it the next time that I'm at this airport.

*Lancaster Milk Stout*
I love a good milk stout. This was also a good local brew.

This was a decent spot to have lunch or dinner while waiting for a flight at PHL airport. There were plenty of TV screens and the food was average. I wouldn't mind coming back here for a drink or two, but I wouldn't go out of my to come here.
Overpriced and they put Cheese-Wiz in their Philly Steak Sandwiches...OMFG!  In Philly!!!
My $10 caesar salad was nothing more than a plastic plate of pre-cut romain lettuce on a plate with croutons.  
Side order of fries was a small handful tossed onto another plate.
Overall the VALUE was not here.
1 Samuel Adams beer, a salad & fries totaled $20.
Everything would have been okay, had the VOLUME OF FOOD been twice what I received.

Beer menu was extensive.  
Lots of beers on tap.
For an airport restaurant, Jet Rock isn't bad. They have sandwich and salad options in addition to burgers, fires, etc., so if you're in the mood for something light pre-flight, you can find a suitable option here. 

While I didn't partake, their beer selection seems to be their crown jewel, as several of the travelers I was sitting with at the bar were enjoying round after round of brews. 

I've now been here twice, and on both occasions opted for the green salad topped with Buffalo chicken. The thing is far from organic and fresh, but it was fine for a quick lunch before hopping on another plane.

Jusk know that those bottles of water they offer you for your flight when you ask for the bill aren't free!
Ok so now the two stars make sense... food was hot but bland. My margurita...first one I had to ask for another flaver cause apple cider flavor was non existant. Ordered a classic and it was just at void of flavor as the first... waitress if she spent more than 15 seconds with you then your doing good. Maybe best to steer clear.
Come here for a drink and be happy.  The food causes you to contemplate fasting.
terrible food; overcooked fries; hot "roast beef sandwich dipper" was dry and tasteless

enough said
The Jet Rock in terminal B is probably one of my most favorite airport bars. I would even go to the Jet Rock if it was not in an airport. The all glass location allows you to watch the weather, planes arriving and departing, your gate, and all kinds of action at the bar. The bartenders and waitresses have always been efficient, fun, and make great drinks even if the place is jammed packed with travelers. There are tons of beers on tap (I think 48) and they know how to make a spicy Bloody Mary. Jet Rock, you rock!!!
If you are looking for a place to watch Sunday football while waiting for a flight... THIS IS IT!  I grabbed a seat by the windows where 6 TV's were ready to tell me exactly what every single one of my fantasy team players were doing.   

Food is awful. Worst chicken sandwich ever.  Cheap bun. limited lettuce, old tomatoes, tiny chicken breast. Fries were "ehhh." It made me beg for airplane food.  

Craft beers are ridiculously over-priced. $10 a pop for my IPAs.
This place is awful. Worse, they have a monopoly on table service meals in the Terminal D. I have eaten breakfast here twice. The first time, I asked for the fruit cup ($4.50) with my meal. After about 10 minutes, the waitress informed me that the fruit seemed to have turned, and the cook was hesitent to serve it. Not wanting to eat rotten produce, I was perfectly happy to forfeit that part of my order. However, when my meal arrived, the waitress still brought the fruit cup, saying that she had tried it and it seemed fine. I told her I really didn't want it, and left it untouched. I was still charged. Today, I had breakfast here again. After being told that they don't do poached eggs (come on), I again ordered the fruit cup, this time in place of breakfast meat. Ten minutes later, my meal came out, sans fruit. The waitress put down the plate, and said, "We're out of fruit. Do you want the meat?" I didn't want the meat. To me, being out of a menu item is 1) something you, as a server, should know ahead of time, and 2) something you should share with the guest prior to bringing out their meal. She certainly wasn't unpleasant, just didn't go above and beyond in the least.

Beyond the service issues, the food here is really sub-par. But I guess when you're part of such a disappointing culinary scene as that of PHL, there is no great motivation to transend the old fruit and pre-made eggs that plague these terminals.
Before a recent flight, my husband and I needed to grab dinner. Knowing how much we like the beer selection at Jet Rock, we figured we'd give it a try.

Our sever, Michelle, was extremely kind and friendly. I was almost a little shocked considering she probably gets a lot of one time customers and doesn't have to be that nice.

I went with the Victory Dirtwolf and the California club sandwich. My husband went with the same beer and a buffalo chicken wrap, asking for no cheese. His sandwich came out with cheese and it had to go back. The next try also had cheese. After a long wait, the correct sandwich finally came out.

Luckily we built in some time for airport issues, but this could have been a real problem. The manager was very accommodating with the situation and we still made our flight. The food was just ok so we'll probably just be sticking to drinks moving forward.
I always stop in to Jet Rock before a flight if I have time. Most times I'm traveling for pleasure so having a few beers is on my schedule.  You can sit at the bar or the small restaurant area.  They have a few high top tables along the outside of the bar.  The food is what you would expect at the airport.  Don't go looking for a great meal.
The Jet Rock Bar & Grill isn't a bad place to stop, refuel, and booze up if you have a couple of hours to spare at the Philly airport. 

I had a 3 hour layover and was starving since my crazy messed up day of travel meant I didn't get a chance eat breakfast. The many beers on tap drew me in and I gladly pulled up a bar stool and ordered me a Yuengling and a Philly cheesesteak with cheese whiz plus grilled onions and sweet peppers as extra add-ons. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OeAGgOgcBKu_2y2eXipMFQ?select=y-l1zl3jbaSraLnG08aSkQ Hey, when in Philly right. 

While the cheesesteak wasn't Pat's or Geno's, it still hit the right places for this starving traveler. I mean I've had better cheesesteaks, but for airport food, it was satisfying and filled me up nicely before my flight cross-country. 

Jet Rock was a good place to kill time during my layover - food, drink, and work on my laptop kept me busy during the 3 hours. Now if only they had electrical plugs at the bar. That would've been awesome!
I squeezed into the Jet Rock in Terminal F for a beer and a sandwich during my 3 hour layover and regretted it all night.  The service is inattentive and aloof and the food is terrible.  If you want a beer they have a pretty good selection though. 
 I ordered the chips and salsa - a 16oz amstel - and the chicken cordon bleu sandwich dipper = $24 w/out tip.  All of the food was terrible.  I eat in a lot of airports and this was definitely the worst food I have ever been served.....anywhere.  The sandwich was cold round doughy flatbread with a square slice of unmelted processed swiss cheese, a cut up chicken tender, and two slices of highly processed bar shaped ham.  This came with a side of cold limp overcooked fries that were sweet for some reason??  I had time to kill which is why I ordered the salsa with my beer.  The salsa was even bad....like thin tomato sauce with some chunks of onion and tomato in it.
My regret manifested itself in the form of indigestion that I suffered with the rest of the night!
When in Terminal F at Philly get a plate from Asian Chao or some of the a la carte selections at Au Bon Pain if you are hungry.  The Jet Rock is only good for beer.
This will be my first review and I have waited almost 3 week before writing this.   Thought I would get over the rude service I received at the airport.in Terminal B.    It was Oct 7th 2011 @3:24pm .   The service people at the register were short and unpleasant.   Only one person answered a question I had about the sandwich I was ordering The automated machine  for placing an order was not working and that was probably the big problem for them.   They were not use to dealing with customers.   The food was just ok..   I asked one of the waiter in the restaurant part  for mustard and he slammed his hand against the wall and  got me some mustard . Wow I am glad I did not have him wait on me in the restaurant.   Will never have a sandwich at the Jet Rock Bar again.
There are just a few airport bars I really like, and this is (close to being) one of them.

Jet Rock has many positives - chief among them being the draft beer selection: 48 quality pulls, skewing heavily towards the ales.  Whiskey (or whisky, depending upon your potable preference) lovers will appreciate choosing from among 19 single malts and blends.

Don't like draft?  Fear not, they have two bottled beers as well, 

The bar itself, a grand sweeping behemoth studded with fluorescing ceramic and brass draft-towers, is the central eyepiece in this concourse.  The wall is lined with a few high-tops, and a mawing cavern awaits those to be seated at a traditional 4-top.  This area, while truly an image of purgatory for any agoraphobics out there, at least offers a view of the tarmac.  wow.

Their food is, in general, not bad, but please stay away from the Philly Cheese Steak sammich with Cheese Wiz.  I warned you.

Other than that, I have ordered several satisfying dishes, but my favorite so far has simply been their burgers, which are excellent!  They also have decent salads, which you might want to get instead of the fries, which are waayyy too salty.  Horrible.  They exist only to coerce you into drinking more beer.  Come on, peeps!  You do not have to do much to get me to drink more beer.  Simply having beer to sell is sufficient.

Now, I am a huge Guinness fan, but their Guinness here is occasionally off-tasting.  The last time I was here it was not drinkable.  The strange thing about that is that the staff knew it was bad, and served it to me anyway, without warning, and apparently in some vain attempt to get me to take the shite off their hands.

This brings me squarely to the staff - by far the biggest weakness in the establishment.

Generally I am very staff friendly, but this place simply has consistently bad staff, with a pervasive poor attitude, low attentiveness, and a nonchalant incivility.  This is exacerbated during any rush when they just seem to be put out.  ("Customers are really very annoying, aren't they?  Always wanting us to do shit for them!"

Too bad.  Would have gotten a four.
Burgers are solid, plenty of TVs and bar seats with large window views of the tarmac. A nice refuge in the Philly airport before a flight. They have some awesome beers on tap, such as the Mango Habanero. The bartender was extremely helpful in recommending a beer from the High Water Brewing company in Chico, CA. Overall, great variety of beers and relaxed setting that doesn't feel like you're at the airport.
This place is terrible. Even for airport food. French fries are raw and Order was incorrect. Food on plane would have been better
Had a 2 hour wait before my flight back to Vegas, so my business partner & I stopped here for a few drinks and to get some work done.  We found a table with outlets nearby for our laptops.

They have a pretty large selection of beer, which is impressive.  I ordered a tall Shock Top.  The waitress was very friendly and fast with her service.  Since we ate a whole pizza in Atlantic City, we weren't hungry, so I can't comment on the food.

Will I return?  If I'm in this airport, you bet I will.
Longest wait in history.  Glad I'm not in a hurry...oh wait...IM AT THE F@&!%*# AIRPORT!
Overrated and overpriced. I got a wrap paid $9 and thought it would be a whole wrap and it was only a 1/2 of wrap. I was upset because it was beyond spicy! Don't waste your money here!
Went here while on a layover from NYC to Vegas and decided that I was starving after being up hours waiting for this flight. Saw that they had hot breakfast so I stopped in.

First, they had one waitress who was running around like crazy. She was nice, but really overloaded and the service was a little slow. Not a deal breaker. That was saved for the food.

Ordered the skillet that came with home fries, two eggs, onions and cheese. I don't eat meat so I asked for a substitute of mushrooms. 

First, when you get it, you realize you are about to eat the fattest food ever. The eggs are laid on top of this cheesy mess that looks like a train wreck. Avoid this if possible.

The home fries were way salty, but crispy. The mushrooms were the limp, out-of-the-jar variety and the onions weren't cooked. I asked for over hard eggs, but they brought over easy. The cheese that was covering this mess was the thing that broke me. I took a few bites of this in some tortillas (which were surprisingly good) and gave up. 

Don't eat here, I can't imagine it's at all good for your heart. Blech.
WORST DINING EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE!!

...and I do not say that lightly. My family attempted to grab a bite before our delayed flight home which turned into the longest wait of our lives. 

75 MINUTES!!! ....and still NO FOOD!

At that point we finally walked out. Our flight was delayed 2 hours or else we certainly would not have waited that long.

We were warned for a potential 30 minute wait upon sitting down but with the delay thought it would be reasonable. At 45 min we were assured our food was coming. At 60 min we were told the ticket got lost but would be out soon. By 75 we gave up and headed to the cheaper burrito place at the other end of the terminal where we were served in under 5 min.

Oh and we only ordered 2 sandwiches and a cheesesteak, nothing fancy.

Plus the drink menu has no prices listed so you don't know you're getting screwed.

Still fuming. Would give 0 stars if possible.
The trifecta - bad food, service, and prices. Places wasnt' busy, but server acted like it was a bother to wait on me. Ordered a so-so wine listed at fine wine prices. Got a very small pour. Saw several glasses of wine pass by me, all at differing levels. Seems like there is no set standard - for wine or for food. Guy sitting next to me ordered chicken wings, said he'd had them several times before. This order contained only 7 wings while the others he'd had contained 8. When he asked about it, the server shrugged him off and said something like "he got lucky" before. So, walk a little. There are many far-better places at the PHL.
Wow that quesadilla was the second worst thing I ever ate. It was probably the worst thing but I just want to leave some room for argument. Seriously who puts raw onion on a buffalo quesadilla. That shit was gross. Oh and your service sucks.
Jet Rock offers an above-average airport food/drink experience. Their prices are fairly high, which should generally be expected when flying. But for one last meal of local comfort food before leaving the country for a long while? I'll take it.

I ordered a couple fancy craft beers and a fried chicken sandwich. The sandwich needed mayo to taste better but overall wasn't bad. I also enjoyed the beers, but the pricetag makes me sad.

It's unlikely I'll return any time soon, but I do recommend this spot to other travelers passing through. Service is fast and friendly, which is always appreciated while on a deadline to reach the gate.
Yuck. In terminal D. Could be better. About the worst Philly 
Cheesteak I've had and very chemical tasting...not worth it before a flight unless you want indigestion.
Great spot to get a quick bite to eat and a beer before your flight.  Burgers are really good, as are the onion rings.  The horseradish cream sauce is more horseradish than cream so it'll definitely add a kick to your onion rings or at least clear your sinuses.  I would assume they have the largest beer selection in the airport.  Bartenders are really friendly and efficient.  Prices weren't through the roof either.  Would stop by here again if I find myself in that terminal again.
........ did not impress at all :-/

- Small portions - like really small
- Don't know what's Gluten Free, the server had no idea what I was talking about - scared
- Expensive - WHOA
- Food was so/so - came out luke warm - meh

So all in all, if you want to be over charged for small so/so food and drinks - this is your place.
United sucks and your flight is late.  Seriously, it's the only reason you're here. The food - and wait staff - is cold, greasy and super salty.  Welcome to Philly.  Good news is the beer - like the wait staff and those awful fries - is cold, and there's a good selection of beers.  Good luck catching your flight back home; hope the rest of your day/night is better for you.
So any place is better than no place. The bartender was pretty fly. She offered  the best red apple cidre ever made by "Stella Artois" 
The philly cheesteak was good. However I did not know that the classic original Cheesteak was made with... Are you ready??? Cheez Whiz! Dammit! I really can't expound on this inconvenience- but I am not one to complain. But cheez whiz is like poison in a can. Its distance cousin in Raid. Oh, you think I'm playin- read the contents! Anything that you devour under canister pressure will blow out your "O" ring or your kidney. I politely asked for a chicken philly with provolone cheese and watched them prepare the dish. Don't get me sided, I am not a strict health nut, I like the taste of a French dry potato and a chicken wing- but don't insult the health standard with this type of concoction!
Terrible. Just terrible.....just don't.  Chicken dry, fries cold, drink watered down. Oh and this was my third time because it's so close to my terminal.
Hardly could say it's worth the star I had to give to write a review.  Worst dining experience of my life.  I would rather eat a tuna sandwich from a gas station vending machine than eat here again. First we sat ourself, ten min later we were greeted after basically doing jumping jacks to get the attention of the wait staff.  We what ever her name was comes over to the table to do us a huge favor and take our order.  We were told that they were out of the first 3 things we looked at on the menu. So we ordered a turkey club and a roast beef dipper. 30 min later our food comes out cold and wrong.  So I informed our waitress that I had asked for a roast beef and not the Ruben I had received she looked at me as if I had inconvenienced her.  And said that she had messed up and would be right back out with the order.  Which she was. It was quick and hot!?   Why that couldn't have been the case with the food the first time right or wrong I don't know. But I digress. My roast beef dipper was literally two pieces of pita bread with a sliver of roast beef in between.   I'm not expecting a whole cow or anything but for just under $10 I expect a little more than an Arby's dollar menu serving.  And I like Arby's! The turkey club we ordered was plain, bacon was gross, tomato sucked. It was basically survival food.   All the fries were smashed and cold like they were on the bottom of the barrel or someone needs to loosen up the grip when slinging fries on my paper plate.  After the meal we asked for the check which we were informed that 10% had been taken off.  To which I pretty much could not have cared less.   Paying for all the shit or 90% of a horrible meal doesn't really take the sting out of having to go to aunte Anne's to feel some sort of culinary satisfaction.  Needless to say if you want to drink beer and watch football stay.  If you want a meal and relax before a flight. Save your money. You'll just be pissed off and hungry standing In line someplace else trying not to miss your flight.
We were here yesterday. We had an Italiano chicken sandwich, a local IPA beer - yard. Great sandwich and enjoyed the beer. Good hangout place, my flight was delayed, I sat there for couple of hours.
Our gate was right next to this place so we tried it for lunch.  The food was alright, nothing spectacular.  The beer selection was pretty deep.  Tons to choose from on the tap.  

The wait staff was pretty substandard.  They seemed more into talking with each other rather than doing there jobs.  We were right next to the register so we got to hear all the goods and gossip about the other customers and wait staff.  

Anyways, it's probably better if you just go to drink and don't mind waiting.  If you are looking for food, it would be better to go elsewhere.
$26 will get you two very bland sandwiches and unevenly-cooked fries. For those looking for good cheesesteaks from its namesake city, you will need to look elsewhere.
Jet Rock is the place to be in terminal B. With their extensive draft list, you almost want your flight to be delayed.

The beer selection was deep and seasonal. We ended up going with a Mad Elf and a Victory IPA (a double I believe?). There was a great list of local brews as well as some popular ones from across the country like Goose Island.

So my beef was with the service. It took a long time to flag down the bartender. It wasn't overly crowded so I'm not sure why it took so long, especially if they are used to their customers with limited time before flights. The bar was also dirty as people were eating food there as well. It wouldn't hurt to wipe it down.

With that being said, the beer list is better than many non-airport bars and a great way for travelers to get a sense of local brews.
Service is absolutely TERRIBLE.  Its a shame because they have an awesome selection of beer.  The food was decent but was surprisingly served on paper plates with plastic forks, knives, etc. Bad idea, Jet Rock, bad idea.

Only go here if you have a long layover and can handle bad service.
I was stuck in the airport due to a delayed flight. Everyone on my flight was there, as it was Christmas Eve and getting late, and all other places were closed. They stayed open to accommodate us, which was very nice. I didn't try the food, but they have a great beer selection, mostly local craft brews. They have about 20 on tap, so you're sure to find something you like. Not so cool, was the price of $12.12 for ONE 16 oz beer. Yes, it was high gravity, but daaaaaaamn.
The service here is so spectacularly bad,  I question why I'm here.  As an airport bar/restaurant, I expect the food to be expensive and mediocre. The food measures up by being both expensive and meh.  But, OMG, it shouldn't take that long to get a beer!  It's in an airport, EVERYONE has some place to be.  You'll have to stand up and wave to get a refill or check.  I suggest asking for your check as soon as you order, so you won't risk missing your flight.
Very average and over-priced.
I would not come back here...but Green Leaf is right across from them, and their food looks delicious.

Edit: Sick 30 minutes after eating here.
This place is awful! It was bad enough that I took the time in my busy schedule to write a review. My first impression was of the cook complaining loudly about how he was on his 9th hour and over it, which should've turned me around to the Green Leaf Cafe next door. I got a subpar bloody Mary, and the lemon and lime wedges looked like they fell on the floor. They had hair and dirt on them. I ordered the ranch burger, the burger was burnt and dry, the onions weren't grilled, and there was no ranch...on the ranch burger. The fries were soggy. The waitress could care less about her job. She checked in as she walked by so you didn't have a second to answer. She spent the entire time inappropriately socializing with the rest of the staff. I don't write reviews often, I'm pretty easy to please but this place really ticked me off.
I got the sampler appetizer, which was a mistake. The mozzarella sticks were hard and not oozing with cheese, the wings seem to be double or triple fried, they looked like emaciated beef jerkey on bones, and the chicken tenders and onion rings were ok (but how can you really mess that up, right?) overall, bleh.  I sampled the sampler and moved on.

I had the Turkey BLT, which tasted fine. I mean, it's a turkey BLT, it's not that hard.  The fries were hot and crispy, right out of the fryer, so I was definitely happy about that.

The waitress was nice, but she definitely had too many tables. It took some time for me to get my beer and then when I followed up with a soda request, I didn't get that until i was halfway done with my meal.

Overall, you're overpaying for your meal and service, but I guess that's what you come to expect since you're at the airport?
DIRTY and it smells like old beer.  Bartenders have terrible attitudes and bickered with each other about shifts.  I watched a waitress carry 3 breakfasts to a table,  all 3 plates were piles on one another after the plates had been on a dirty counter. Someone is going to get sick.  I don't even think  I would have bottled beer at this place.  Whomever is the manager he/she needs a new job and profession.  Oh, flies everywhere- we are in an airport?
You know what? It was about what I expected.  

Not a mind blowing five star experience, but solid for an airport meal. 

I ordered a Cobb salad, fries and a cider. 
Everything came out quickly.

The greens in my salad were fresh, as were all of the other ingredients. 
French fries were crisp and hot. 
The cider, gave me a perfect refreshing buzz and I was on my way.

Additionally the server was attentive (not obnoxiously so...), and on point.

There are other options on this terminal and obviously if you want to hike across the airport there are even more- but if you're into being in the here and now, you can't go wrong here. 

Cheers!
"Greeter" greeted me by snapping at me. If you want me to wait to be seated put up a sign. They were out of chicken wings and a beer came to almost $12. Trust me. Go somewhere else.
Eleven dollars for a very small cheesesteak with very little meat. The other reviews aren't exaggerating. Fries were undercooked and soggy. Employee at the take-out counter was rude, as seems to be the norm in this airport.
Worst breakfast ever. The waitress was running around like a chicken with her head cut off. It wasn't even busy when we got there and she threw our
Silverware on the table. We were holding back laughing because she looked so ridiculous that it was like a comedy skit. Food was subpar and my husbands breakfast was missing home fries.  We never got a chance to say anything because the waitress never checked in on us. When it got busy her head nearly spin off her body.  For godsake hire someone else to help her out!
If you want to be ignored and get what you didn't order, then by all means this is the place. We were seated at 1:30 pm ( not very busy at all) waitress came by at 2:05 pm for our drink order. I ordered a 22 ounce bass ale and it came in a pint glass! I may not be very smart but I know my beer glasses! Do yourself a favor and do not even bother coming here!
I was surprised to see this place had such low reviews. My boyfriend and I frequent airports often, and found this place to be great! We both got salads (buffalo chicken and oriental chicken- loved!) and some beers. Yes, it's not cheap, but would love to find any airport restaurant that isn't expensive. Best craft beer selection I've seen for an airport bar.
Beer selection is good. Food and service are an absolute disgrace, even by airport standards. Philadelphia visitors, please, for the love of all that is holy, do not leave this city thinking that "this" is what a Cheesesteak is.
Horrendously bad food. I had a hamburger which without a doubt has to be the worst hamburger I've ever had in a restaurant ever. Worst ever. Period. Tasted like an overcooked rubber sponge that I cleaned my shower with. In reality it was some horrible microwaved bagged burger with a flavorless bun and tiny portion of tasteless fries. The beer menu was redeeming, but I felt miserable and regretful when I spent over $40 on the worst burger ever and 3 beers. Bad. Very, very bad.
I ordered a bagel sandwich and nearly missed my flight waiting for the cooks to make it. I counted four people at the grill but it appeared one was doing all the work. There were only three to-go orders (unknown how many we getting table service) but all three of us waited well over 25 mins for orders. I eventually gave up so I didn't miss my flight which was in the process of boarding. Be forewarned, they are slow to process orders. I can only imagine what it must be like on a really busy day. Not a good experience. I lost $12 and  left with an empty stomach.
Stopped by here the other day on my layover between Charlottesville and Boston.  Had about 90 mins to kill and was starving.  The Philly airport (Terminal B area) has limited veggie options and I just wanted to sit down somewhere near my gate and get a drink.  I was being picky walking through the food court and not seeing anything that appealing.  I finally got to my gate and was really happy to see this bar right across from it.  I immediately sat down at the bar (the tables were packed) and ordered a veggie burger and a cider on draft.  Heaven!  I forgot the name of the cider but it was a brand I hadn't heard of before so I was happy to try a new one and to get it on draft which was really awesome.  The glass was frozen so there were all these ice crystals floating around which was weird for me but I guess that's a typical way to serve a beer (I'm not not much of a beer drinking so I'm naive!)  The veggie burger I think is homemade there because I didn't recognize it (not your typical Morningstar frozen pattie).  It fell apart which makes me definitely thing it's homemade. It was yummy though, very flavorful.  I was starving and traveling so I didn't ask them the usual 101 about vegan ingredients so check if you want to because I'm not sure (it came on a potato bun).  There wasn't much else on the menu for vegetarians except a portobello panini dipping thing.  My veg burger came with fries that were good. The bartender who served me was friendly and the customers all around me seemed nice.  

My only complaints were that it was a) tight squeeze and hard to sit at the bar when you have luggage with you.  I left mine on the chair next to me so I could keep an eye out on it but felt like a jerk taking up another chair.  Not sure what I could have done?  There was no room in front of me to put them.  b)  The prices in the to-go  menu seemed to be a little cheaper than the restaurant menu.  I kind of understand that but it's still weird. I think my veggie burger was $1 more than it was on the to-go menu when I first looked at it.  c)  the place is expensive.  My meal was around $23 for just a veggie burger/fries + 1 cider.  The British guys next to me ordered a beer each and the bill was $20!! (that's $10/beer for only a 16 ounce drink).

Anyway the place was great for what I needed. I got a decent meal, good drink, and got to keep an eye on my gate.  So thanks!
Like many said, above average prices, middling average food, and horrific service defines this establishment.

Beer selection was decent, food selection is typical "bar" food with a so-so Philly cheese steak (Mine tasted more steak then cheese), prices are on the high side ($12-$15), but service was just downright slow and bad.  They honestly don't care, there were 15-20 minute instances where we never saw our server (not only did she not stop by, we actually never saw her).

All in all, a decent way to kill a few hours at the airport but do your culinary taste buds and wallet a favor, come here as a last resort.
Geez this place is gross. The floor so sticky. Nasty nachos. Like the rock music but so loud you couldn't have a simple conversation.  

It's also got that stale spilled beer smell that reminded me of my college days in dive bars. 

So the tito's vodka on the rocks was well made BUT BEWARE 13.95 for a very small cocktail. 

NEVER AGAIN
What a way to start vacation worst waitress I've ever had everything is a hassle refused to take our order until our whole group got here, while I'm writing this review we received a new waitress thank god very friendly who will get a good tip unfortunately I will leave a 1 star review based off the first encounter with the first waitress, you know what they say about first impressions.....
Great service and nice location, but the food was small and not very appetizing.
Good place for a beer between flights though!
Watch out with prices and sneaky servers at this place. We went to this bar and grill on our way back to SFO on July 6th. Our server, Aja (server #252), was so fake. She was all smiles and nice and recommended an alternate beer when they were out of one on their top-notch beer menu. That other beer, she forgot to mention, was a pint of Stoudt's American at $10.40! I almost fell out of my chair when I received the bill. Since that beer was not listed I'm guessing she recommended this one because it was almost double the price of the other beers on the menu!. She tried to push waters on us,  as well as add chicken to our measly salads. Such a bad way to be a server - just trying to pull some fast moves to jack up the bill. When I questioned her about the price of the beer being over $4 more than the others that were listed, she said "some beers cost more". I said you should have told me, but she did not care and walked away. No apologies, nothing. Great service Aja !

The whole place could have been better to serve the pre-flight crowd. Won't be going back to this place.
I took the advice of a flight attendant FB friend and grabbed breakfast here on a layover from San Francisco.  I ordered a bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast bagel sandwich...simple enough, right?  Not so much.  The bagel was cold and chewy, the eggs were....just weird, the cheese hidden so well I never found it, and the bacon slimy, despite my request for "super crispy".  I took one bite.  Then, I ate the two slices of bacon.  I grabbed some ketchup and attempted to eat the eggs.  I made it one bite.  I'll stick to Dunkin Donuts next time.
This was a very good cheesesteak for an airport restaurant!  The place also has a very open feel with lots of windows -- and is close to a lot of gates.  Definitely worth a stop for lunch or a  quick beer while waiting for your flight.
This is more for the jet city express which makes the food for the grill. Worst $12 salad ever. Try Au Bon Pain across the way with a much friendlier staff, better prices and more healthy options.
Super average fried, fast bar food. The menu had very limited healthy choices, and our entrees tasted like lunch room food. =(
Terrible, inattentive, slow service. Not only should you not dine here if you're in a hurry, you just shouldn't dine here at all. Unapologetic about their slowness. Took 40 minutes to get a burger. Inexcusable. To add insult to injury, all their TVs are still in SD. In 2016. Avoid this place. Also, I think yelp lists this in terminal B, but I was at the one in terminal D.
Great meal! I had bacon egg and cheese on bagel for breakfast and it came with a side of home fries. It's a 5 star for airport food, 4 stars for restaurants in general!
Overpriced? Yes. At an airport?  What the hell isnt overpriced.  My steak came with cheez wiz unlike the other reviews.  It tasted very good, but don't expect the best.  I mean you are in philly, of course there are a hundred places ( or 3) that are better. It was perfect to fill up and get my buzz on, though not the cheapeast airport food I had. $30 for a steak sandwich and 2 beers.
Dirty. Abysmal service- I sat at the bar for 10 min watching two staff members chitchat right in front of me without acknowledging me- got up and left without anyone taking my order. Back bar area stinks of rancid dish rags- seems the aroma wafts from the kitchen. Buyer beware.
This seemed to be the best choice place to eat while in the Philly airport for a lay over. Besides having the largest restaurant space in the terminal and the most extensive menu compared to the fast food joints, there was nothing else to write home about. 

Almost every option has a fried component, so forget about trying to eat something healthy. If you're not ordering a drink-drink at the bar, be prepared for the slightly annoyed look and hair flip as the bar tender trots off to fetch your water. I'm going to guess that the vending machines have more personality and tasty food choices than this place.
Should be zero stars.  Food is cold and horrible service was arrogant, slow, and incompetent.
I had a layover here on my way to Syracuse and I had plenty of time so I figured I might as well have a Philly while in Philly. It was 10 bucks but it is what i expect from an airport. 

I got a philly with cheese wiz, onions, and peppers. It also comes with a small side of fries so I felt like I had myself a pretty good deal. The fries were okay nothing special. I just used them as a flavored utensil to pick up the meat that fell off. They made it fairly quickly, but the guys making them were unprofessional to the customer in front of me. They mocked him because he was really picky about his order. Other than that the sight and smell of that philly cheesesteak put an instant smile on my face! The philly was delicious and I was craving another the next day. Luckily I will have another layover here on my way back to LAX so I will definitely be having another philly!! For a small joint in an airport this philly did it for me. I'm not sure about their other menu items but why try anything else when you can have a delicious philly. Next time I think I will order two! :)
This place has been awesome to me had a great time here while traveling. If I'm ever in Philadelphia again without a doubt I'll be stopping here at Jet Rock bar. Bartenders and servers are really nice and helpful. Thank you guys for great service
I've eaten at 2 different locations, but most often at terminal B.  Same deal at both places, slow service, OK food, and WOW expensive beer.  Seriously WOW.  This time I ordered an Angry Orchard Cider which is typically around 4$ a glass, here it was 10.50$!  Geez people.  And they don't list beer prices on the menu for just that reason.  I had the standard issue cheesesteak which was fairly decent, although charging me extra for a teaspoon of diced onion and maybe 5 sliced, canned mushrooms is out of line.  I've had the buffalo chicken salad in the past and it was OK, mostly old lettuce.  I've also had the roast beef dipper, which was ok and came with good horsey sauce.  

Service has always been weak.  Sometimes there is only one waitress who is doing her best to handle the whole place, other times they're just grouchy.  Yesterday we waited forever for a hostess to appear before we just sat ourselves since the place was mostly empty.  The waitress told us we needed to wait for the hostess.  I went to look for her and it turns out she was standing 3 feet from us the entire time we waited, she was just too busy watching TV to seat us.  Attitudes everywhere around that place!
Service is wicked slow. It has mattered the time or day, in all three individual stops the service leaves us hanging. The cocktails are usually good, but of course overpriced. Note to self and other travelers: go somewhere else instead.
Elite Yelpers will not approve of this review....... the only reason i wanted to review this place was to comment on the fact that the accent of the patrons and bartendars is unbearable.  However, service good, food is airport food and airport prices. I wasn't bothered very much , which is important for me in an airport bar, and the beers were large.  So it's ok, but man the accents, Finger Nails on a chalk board.
$11 for a pint of Victory Golden Monkey. Cheese was good, though, and only $13. Plenty of TVs but they are old boob tubes, bar has standing water. This place is in desperate need of an update, but seems to always be busy.
Worst burger I've ever had!  They did offer me something else but I was scared to order something else especially when the guy at the bar stool next to me was complaining about his chicken quesadillas.  They did take the burger off my bill, I only took one bite so they should have.
