It's 5pm on a Friday. The work week is over and I am ready to get out of my house. So, we hit up Jet Wine Bar. The outside setup was perfect -- for a romantic or a casual friend date. The whole place was beautifully lit.

As we looked through the menus, we see a variety of drinks to choose from. The Spiked Mexican Hot Chocolate caught our eye, but in the end, we opted for a bottle of the Macedon pinot noir. We were at a wine bar after all. We also ordered the smoked BBQ wings to munch on, as it seemed like it would pair well with the pinot noir. 

My husband and I spent a good two hours sitting back, enjoying our wine and wings under the night sky. It wasn't a super cold night, but each table had its own heat lamp and the option of adjusting the heat to their preference. 

I see us coming back alot to hang out in the wine garden and also to try other wines.
I returned to Jet to meet a friend for happy hour in the Jet Wine Garden. The garden is super cute and quite big - even with all of the tables very appropriately spaced. Masks are required any time you aren't in your seat, and there is hand sanitizer provided at each table. 

Wines by the glass (a small plastic cup) are a little pricey but considering I'm not going out much these days, it's a worthy splurge. I enjoyed the Grüner Veltliner and Müller Thurgau on my recent visit. Food comes from the Rex 1516 kitchen and I really enjoyed the farmer's basket biscuits and pimento cheese. They were out of my first choice for dinner, the crab cake sandwich, so I opted for a caesar with grilled shrimp which was very tasty. Plus a side of fries, because fries. 

The staff is friendly and helpful and I felt like Jet handled all of the new health guidelines very well. Looking forward to my next visit!
Covid-19 Review
When restaurants first re-opened for outdoor dining, we headed to Jet Wine Bar.  Their outdoor dining space is inviting considering its South Street location.  The restaurant was very well prepared and staffed to handle dining during the "Covid-Era".  

We were asked to keep masks on until we were seated, once at our table we could remove our masks.  The tables were situated well beyond the 6 feet social distance practice. All tables had hand sanitizer and bug spray on them. All the staff wore masks and they were very professional and friendly.  

They have a menu specifically for outdoor dining, which can be located on their website.  No hard copy menus were provided, another thoughtful precaution.

We ordered the Veggie Burger and the Spicy chicken sandwich.  Both of us really enjoyed our food and the entire experience.  

Kudos to Jet Wine bar for handling an otherwise unprecedented situation in a very professional, safe, and cautious manner.
Props to Jet Wine Bar for offering a bespoke wine shopping experience during the pandemic. I'm a bit of a wine snob and wanted to make sure that I had some good bottles in my cabinet for weekend imbibing. I reached out to Jet's GM, Nick, via email to discuss options. 

Nick sent over the current list of wines by the bottle, and he made some recommendations based on my feedback. So far, we've had two of the four bottles I purchased. The Stellenbosch Vineyards Pinotage was particularly awesome and went really well with some Indian takeout. 

Wine is probably the alcohol option that's hardest to come by right now, so keep Jet in mind if you're looking for something a bit more elevated than what you can find in the grocery stores. Not to mention, there's way less contact with others so that's obviously a win right now!
A friend and I hit up Jet Wine Bar for happy hour on a Wednesday. We were actively avoiding the Center City Sips establishments in hopes of bar seating and a quieter atmosphere. With only a few other people besides ourselves, we got just that. 

House wines are $5 during happy hour but I'd recommend navigating to other selections for bolder flavors. Still, the house white was crisp and refreshing. 

Complimentary breadsticks (baked by local coffee bar/bakery Nook, as indicated on the menu) were crunchy, slightly salty and totally satisfying. We shared a cheese and charcuterie plate which we ordered with truffled goat cheese, mimolette (on special), speck and sopressata. The plate also came with spicy cashews, apple slivers, olives, grapes, quince paste, and a few thin slices of bread. I've been spoiled after working at Sycamore so I'd love to see a spicy mustard and some honey in addition. Otherwise, the plate was lovely and we enjoyed it a lot. 

After chatting with the owner and checking out the loungey area downstairs, I could easily see myself returning to hang out in either area.
Stopped by for a pop-up chef event on a Friday around 5 PM with a friend. The person working the door was so polite and helpful, quickly checked our IDs and brought us to a table. From there, the service declined a bit. We were not greeted by a server for about 15 minutes. I noticed the person that was working the entrance walk by and asked him if he knew who our server was, he was very apologetic about the delay and sent our server over.

It was another 5 minutes before our server actually arrived. He grabbed us water and took our drink orders. We got a pitcher of the white wine sangria. It took a bit to get to our table, but it was delicious when it arrived. Another friend joined us and was unsure of what to get, so he told our server what kinds of wine he likes and the waiter brought over his recommendation. 

The food items from the pop-up event were interesting, but a bit expensive. A friend ordered a dessert item that she loved (some kind of play on a cheesecake) and she ate that and we left. 

Overall, this experience was pretty lame. However, we've come in the past and had way better service and enjoyed the food and drink specials. I'd recommend coming for happy hour and hoping you get one of the more attentive servers.
I selfishly held off reviewing this place because I don't want it to get too popular! This is my favorite wine bar in the city. The concept of serving excellent wines from all over the world and doing it right is so nice. This place takes wine seriously but doesn't over price or try to do too much. Small menu, good wines, excellent service. 

This spot is TINY upstairs but apparently has a bigger basement seating (never been.) Its charm includes playing Netflix on their TV and having super knowledgeable bar tenders. Happy Hour is also every day (including weekends.) The HH is my favorite because instead of charging $5 for some gross 2 liter bottle pour of wine, they actually serve unique wines that they would serve any way for their specials. They also constantly do special events. What could be better?
Came here to grab a few glasses of wine with a friend the other day. The atmosphere was very modern and the service was quick and friendly. We got edamame as an appetizer, which was delicious, but there was a whole variety of yummy looking items on the menu. I ordered the house Pinot Grigio ($7) and my friend ordered Chardonnay ($9). The wine tasted great and it wasn't too over-priced. Overall would definitely recommend checking out!
A wine bar with class, but not the attitude.  It's a cozy bar with room just enough for the long bar.  There are many regulars at this spot and the environment is extremely relaxed.  This is heavily driven by the bartenders who are chill and easy going.  

I had the house red and we shared a meat and cheese plate which had fruit, bread and mustard as well served on a wooden board.  The combination was perfect.  Next time I'm in, I'm eager to try the fresh guacamole and maybe even grab a sandwich.  

This place proves even if your beverage came from grapes instead of hops you can still be the everyday man or woman and enjoy a night out at a wine bar.  Cheers.
Why did we wait all summer to escape into this minimalist piece of Heaven.......... well I guess the crowds kept us away. So we were glad to stumble upon it on Black Friday. We were explained about the Covid rules and seated in the little garden with multiple heat lamps. I truly appreciate a bar/restaurant that goes above and beyond to keep their patrons and employees safe and healthy. Each table has an individual hand sanitizer bottle. The servers try to minimally touch the plates or cups, most of which is recycled. 
We decided to share a pitcher of Sangria, and ordered the fried chicken sandwich and fries. I am so glad I asked for the pimento cheese because it was just perfect. 
As long as Jet wine bar is open, I will be frequenting and supporting this local business.
Popped in for happy hour (5-7) on my recent trip to Philly for a few glasses of sangria. The place itself is pretty small but cute with a posh atmosphere. The wine list is just ok, but the sangria was tasty - pretty cinnamon-y/spicy in a good way! 

Overall, a chill spot to relax and have a few glasses!
what can i say other than this place is awesome!!! we went  after cafel'aube ( another review) . arrived around 3 to a pretty empty bar. This to me is a great thing. it gives you a opportunity to talk shop and find out the best deals and dish about the place. Our barkeep was very friendly and he admitted that his wine knowledge was limited but offered us some options and tastes to fit our budget. We even got a chance to speak with the proprietor briefly (very friendly) . We chatted with our bartender . and manager and had a really great time. 
we chose a bottle of rose reasonably priced. In addition to the bubbles we did the snack platter( came with fruit and nut bread, our chose of cheeses and meats.) the cheese list is limited but offers good options for everyones tastes. I think that jet has alot of great qualities and the staff, as well as the menu makes me want to return ASAP
Not bad, but so many places have rockin knowledgeable bartenders for about the same price.  Maybe I'm spoiled, but...

Also, it's pretty unacceptable to order 3 drinks and have one come out over 20 minutes later, when the other 2 drinks are about finished.  Especially with only ~6 other people in the entire bar (some of whom ordered and were served in the intervening time).
Came here on a Friday night with a friend for a glass (or a few glasses) of wine. It's definitely a cute little spot - very intimate, might be good for a date. That being said, there are only like 9 seats, so don't come with too big of a group - there's only bar seating. 

The wine itself is varied and unique - they have wine from places like Croatia, Bulgaria, and other places that weren't necessarily on my radar. They also had a $10 flight when I went, and I got to try three relatively large glasses of wine for $10, which was great. I recommend doing that if you come here. 

Overall, if you're in the area, this is a nice spot to check out for a good glass of wine.
Good place to stop if :

you love wine

you are on budget

you don't have a good knowledge about wine (their friendly staffs will help you out)    

you want to try wine from different places

and don't forget to ask for their daily flight.
Nice wine bar! Cute little spot. Very cozy and intimate. Colin was there and it felt like we were stopping by a friend's place -- everyone was very friendly and the drinks were awesome. We ordered a cheese plate and were skeptical about the vegan salami, but Colin added some to our plate anyway for us to try. We'll definitely be back next time we're in the area!
My husband and I moved to Philly about a year and a half ago, and we have grown to love craft beer, but I often miss the wine culture that we enjoyed in Florida.  So, this weekend we were walking down south street and passed Jet Wine bar and decided to go in, and I'm so glad we did!

We had a chardonnay wine flight (the flight options change daily), bruschetta with Gorgonzola cheese, pears and caramelized onion, chips, and a cheese plate (including an aged gouda and a Gorgonzola).  The cheese plate is served with a large portion of bread, fruit, and spiced nuts.  We ordered smaller plates, but their menu also offers larger plates and sandwiches.  The gentleman sitting next to us was eating one of their sandwiches, and it looked delightful...  I will definitely try one next time.  

Their wine menu is eclectic and included a wide variety of wines from across the world along with many that were made in our region.  The bar tender was knowledgeable, friendly and provided great service!  

All of the food and wine we had were delicious. fresh and modern.  And there is seating outside, so you can bring your pup!  What more can you ask for?!  

Well done Jet Wine Bar!  Thank you :)
Cool little spot on South Street. I love the decor here and service is on point. They have plenty of options for everyone. Definitely will be back.
Came here (on 3/7) based on my sister in law's suggestion for an after dinner drink (around 11 ish) with friends and family.   The guys didn't want to join us and preferred to go get the car since it was a hike.  The rest of us were cool with it.  Heck, who doesn't like door service.

Jet Bar is cute and cozy with bar and stools, however, I understand they have a lounge area downstairs.  Our goal was just to get a quick cocktail to end the night so we didn't get to experience it.
  
We ordered the Smokey Orchard (tequila, mezcal, apple cider, lemon and ginger) and the Honey & Sage Bourbon (bourbon, sage, honey, lemon) cocktails.  Drinks were cold, strong and delish.   The barmaid was friendly and attentive.

We come into the city often and am always looking for a place for a quick drink.  We'll keep Jet Wine bar on the radar.  Thanks for a great night cap.
I loved the contemporary coziness of Jet Wine Bar.  The staff was super awesome, helpful, friendly and engaging. Our bottle of Steinbeck Syrah was delicious and affordable.  Our meals (meatloaf sandwich / squash soup) were surprisingly good in fact.  

Great wine, spirits and food, intelligent and excited staff, informative and interactive website and monthly events.  I'd say Jet is working with a recipe for success.  You could never tell they've only been open for two months. 

You'll want to go to Jet for a pre-game cocktail before a show or a meet up spot for a second date.  Or like us, drink a bottle and have a bite before seeing the drag show at Bob & Barbara's.
Nice spot to chill our have a date. Everytime I passed by it's always empty and basically like having your own bartender. Not just an extensive wine list here, they also have an OK selection of bottled beer.
I love wine bars.  Jet is a great little place - but it's just that.. little. I have been there twice. I found it through a Living Social deal and really enjoyed myself.  It is tough to get a seat at the bar, because the place is tiny... did I mention it's small?
i have been told that there is more seating downstairs, however no one has informed me of that when I have been there.
Love the selection of awesome wines.  Great tasting plates.  I loved sitting with a glass of wine & watching the Phillies play.  It is definitely a place I will frequent.  I may even try to find this secret downstairs seating area!
I recently moved into this neighborhood and was thrilled to find Jet Wine Bar a couple of blocks away. They offer a small but very well-curated wine selection. The bartenders are knowledgeable and very helpful in guiding customers to wines that fit ones taste. They also have a nice selection of liquor but I haven't gotten around to trying any cocktails there because the wine in so enticing.

The food has been exceptional and very appropriate for a wine bar. The olives, cheeses, tarts all pair well with the wines available. It's the perfect neighborhood bar!
Jet is a great neighborhood wine bar!  The bar tenders are awesome, and they always have really great recommendations.  The great thing about Jet is that you can try really unique wines that are hard to find elsewhere.  Flight night is really fun, and you can also sign up to go to one of their wine classes downstairs, which they offer monthly.  Jet is a cool place to come with friends.  I've been going here for years and have always had a really great experience.
Went there on saturday 3/12, around 4PM.  The place was not crowded at all, in fact the downstairs hadn't even had the lights turned on yet, so my date and I decided to grab a couple seats around the bar.  The Wine list was nice and short, the descriptions were very helpful and colorful.  The food menu was varied and eclectic, and best of all, everything was moderately priced.  The owner(i think was sitting at the bar with a couple patrons and she was very attentive to the surroundings and made sure she spoke with us a couple times to make sure everything was fine.  The bartender was very pleasant and helpful and even offered alternatives to get the most 'bang for your buck' on the food menu.  They let you sample the wine before you commit to a full glass, for this wine rookie, that is a very nice touch. 
Don't be intimidated by this being on South Street, this place is no where near the hustle and bustle of  other places in the area, it is one block up from broad, and is an easy walk from the city hall area.  The place is very comfortable and relaxing.  It is easy to engage in conversation without feeling like everyone was listening in.  The decor is very understated and there is absolutely zero pretense in this place, they don't try to impress you with the arrogance that sometimes is associated with trendy wine places.  This place lets the wine, food and service speak for itself, and we were not disappointed at all.  
I will recommend this place to anyone that wants to listen, and will make it a point to go back.
Jet is a terrific addition to the Phila wine bar options. The wine selection is excellent. Many very good wines you won't find elsewhere. If you want to enjoy a local place which offers tasty snacks and a great selection of wines to pair with the food, try Jet. You'll be back.
Jet is really the only alternative to Tria. Check it out.
Following the 2014 Yelpies I was walking home on a perfect summer night when I thought to myself, "hey man you work hard, you deserve a night cap" so I decided I'd check out the ever popular PHS beer garden. Unfortuantely it was beyond capacity and I just didn't have it in me to fight a crowd. So I turned around and found the same going on at my new favorite spot the Cambridge, so I turned around again and I locked in on Jet. 

I walked in and it seemed perfect, quiet, low lights, ease of drink purchase at an all time high and as a bonus my favorite movie from 1992 was on, Wayne's World. The bartender walks over to me and I ask if they had anything on tap, she responds "ummm no this is a wine. bar. and we're closing in a half an hour". While not appreciated I can at least understand this treatment if I was coming from an Eagle's game decked out in gear and crosseyed but I was in a suit and totally fine. 

I said hmmm ok well do you have any beer and if so may I have one. Despite being a wine. bar. they did carry PBC in bottles which I ordered and settled in to spend the next 30 minutes watching Wayne's World. I ended up striking up conversation with a dude that lived on the block and forgot all about the bartender. Now I'm not saying it was party time excellent but I enjoyed the company and went home after the lights went on promptly 30 mins from the time I got there. 

Now I always give people the benefit of the doubt, who knows what this bartender had to deal with before I'd entered and I'll certainly give them another try simply based on proximity to my crib but this particular experience wasn't the best.
I have never been here. I am writing this review after I called in for more information on group arrangements / private parties. I called on a weekday in the afternoon. The person on the phone immediately said he had a full bar. Ok... I told him I wanted more information regarding private parties. Because he had a full bar he asked for my details so that he could send me the information and give me a call back. I gave him all my details which he said he was writing down. All the time he was very rushed, didn't sound friendly at all (too stressed?) and I never heard from them again. I am not surprised after the type of conversation I had, but still I think it was pretty disappointing. Even though he was busy, I would think he must've seen my details at some point. Did he just ignore it? The private party is now held elsewhere obviously...
I came here with my wine-loving mom when she was in town for an afternoon drink before we had dinner reservations somewheres. I was drawn by the fact that his place was open all afternoon with a full menu.

We came and had the $10 build your own flight (all day Tuesday, and they have a pre-made flight for every other day). I thought this was a really cool option since their wine selection is pretty eclectic and varied. Wine from Armenia? Not something I'm familiar with. 

The place was empty, but the server was cool and casual and held good conversation with us and was very attentive (pretty easy when we were the only two people there). He was not as knowledgeable about the wines are I would have expected, but did warn me when he thought something wasn't what I was going to expect (aka it was bad).

We ordered a cheese plate (which was also build your own) and it came with a cool variety of extras (breads, fruits, nuts, etc) which was awesome. I've been here a number of times after this and have yet to order any other food but I'm definitely looking forward to it as the food looked awesome and the food selection was almost as eclectic as the wine selection.

This place has great happy hour specials, great rotating daily specials, and a great intimate atmosphere. I love drinking wine, I love eating cheese, and I love doing this with friends at this bar. So happy this is in my neighborhood!
I've been doing to Jet for almost a year now and it's my favorite wine bar in the city. The drinks are reasonably priced and the bartenders are friendly and attentive. The food is great and also well priced. My favorite part about Jet is the movies they play in the background with subtitles. I love watching a quirky movie or documentary while sipping on their house wine and chatting with friends.
Ooh, another wine bar that has wine-knowledgeable staff and menus with vivid descriptions of the wines.  Jet is a great place to go if you are looking to try a new wine and you will have plenty of assistance in finding one that suits your palate.  Also, the bartender gave us little samples of everything we ordered before committing to a full glass, which I appreciated.  Jet also offers interesting flight options.  The one that they offered the night that I was there combined wine and liquor, which I thought was interesting.  I will definitely stop back into Jet if I am in the neighborhood.
This is just the kind of wine bar I wish every city had: a great selection of wines by the glass, interesting wine varietals, very reasonable prices, excellent wine by the glass pours, tasty bites, sandwiches, and snacks, and a well-procured selection of cheese and charcuterie.

 Jet's ever changing wine list will entice you to come back and try something new. The guacamole is one of the best in the city. This place is very vegetarian friendly with many options for non-meat lovers, yet the kitchen also rocks a killer hanger steak salad. It's my favorite!

 It has a real neighborhood vibe that makes you feel at home. The staff - Amanda, Norman, Bill, they are all great with service and are quick to learn your name. 

The music makes the place feel sleek and cool especially on DJ nights. The owners are warm and friendly. A great addition to this constantly changing and expanding area of Philly. I only wish there was more room at the bar.

Tip: check out their monthly wine classes downstairs. 
The downstairs is also great for groups!
Tiny place packing in a lot of style.  Flight for $10? I'm all over that.  Big, bright windows, cool music, oldies on the tube.  Knowledgeable bar keep completes the picture.  Love it!
I had a group happy hour here and the ladies not only accommodated us but let us have the downstairs bar area! All the staff was super nice and even came up with a tailored happy hour cocktail just for us! I definitely plan to come back and have more outings here.
Went in support of Beirut dinner night which I thought was an awesome idea the restaurant had. 
They great options on the menu. Looked spectacular online. 
Place didn't look as quaint as it did online. 
Went with 4 other gfs we each ordered an entree, waitress was not very attentive and when food was brought to the table she said "seems like they put the food all together in one plate is that ok?" We were five people there was rice and meat in one and rice and eggplant in another. No it was not ok- she was bothered by that. First off we did not say we were sharing our food second it's COVID how/why would we be ok with it even if we are friends that's like sharing one cup for drinks. Every time we would order anything and finish it the waitress would just stack it on the table instead of clearing the table as if it wasn't her job to clean it up. 

Other than that- it was a cute backyard type of place. Nothing fancy nothing special. Got to chat with the bartender inside when I went to the restroom while was so sweet - she explained a lot about the history of the restaurant and owner which was helpful to know. Outside crew should try and get some tips on how to be a little more friendly towards patrons and maybe a little attentive.
What an awesome find!  I have walked by this bar a number of times and it always looks lively, so we stopped in for some mid-day drinks on 4th of July.  They bartender and the owner were both there, and were very friendly.  The bar is small, but feels welcoming and clean.  Their house wines are just $5, and feature a number of other interesting wines from around the world for $6-10.  The complimentary bread sticks are a nice touch too.  I will definitely come back.
I've stopped by a few times over the last few months and have noted a marked improvement in both the quality of wines  and friendliness of service. Glad to have Jet in the neighborhood.
Went to Jet with a group of 5 for a friend's birthday. I really liked the atmosphere, but the upstairs bar was quite small for our group. When we spoke to a bartender, she set us up in the downstairs room. She was extremely attentive and accommodating. We ordered a cheese and meat platter, which was nice. I drank a few glasses of their white sangria, which was pretty good! Not too sweet, as some sangrias are. 

My only complaint was that everything was very expensive for what it was. Much of that was made up for with the level of service received.
I tried to go here for a date with a pretty lady but the food and drinks left something to be desired.  The Sangria was bitter and there was a bug on the plate for our hummus. Portions were a lot smaller than pictured and the "lounge" area was non existent. Although the wait staff was nice and there was a decent selection of wines, I would not come back here.
A great, relaxed atmosphere to enjoy a glass of wine from an intelligent and ever-changing list that represents a healthy alternative from Tria and the like.  Great snack options as well, but it's the people - both neighborhood customers and warm staff - that gives Jet its value.
I just bought a house in the area and my boyfriend and I frequent this bar regularly. We love the casual atmosphere, wonderful staff and awesome drinks. My only qualm would be the lack of space, but what can they do? Love this place!
Jet steps it up notch with lunch! We were looking for a quick bite... something that would sooth the soul on this cold winter day. Squash Soup, a plate of bread pudding with mushrooms & spinach, a small salad and a glass of bubbly set the mood for a PERFECT day.... THIS IS NOT TO BE MISSED!!!
Went in here for a a drink and some happy hour specials with my fiance. Ended up ordering one of each of the bruschetta and had a nice light cocktail perfect for the hot summer day that it was  followed by a nice glass of white. The bruschetta was very good and we checked out the downstairs lounge which was a nice surprise. The bartender was Jessica (I think?) and she was fantastic. We will be back sooner rather than later.
I have been up and down south street and I really have never found a place like this. 

First I ordered the food that was absolutely amazing. The service was incredible. I really need to to compliment the bartender Amanda for her amazing service. If you see a cute red head in there at any point. Please show her a smile. This place is awesome!!!!
this place is nice - especially when the weather is cool and they open the windows and doors. the interior is sleek...i guess you could compare it to an airport bar as per a previous review but it is devoid of the icky married businessman who is flirting with you whilst awaiting boarding call for your delayed flight. i just think the bar is clean and modern.

there's a nice variety of wines (and some hard liquor as well for those who don't drink wine. ) it appears as if their menu changes regularly to allow customers to enjoy a variety of seasonal wines. because of the late spring/summer weather, i stuck with whites. the girl who was behind the bar was very helpful in pointing out wines she thought my companion and i would like, and neither of us were disappointed. 6 glasses of wine between the two of us cost 70 bucks or so which seems pretty standard. i don't know what happy hour costs but it be worth checking out.

bonus: there's a small plates menu if you don't want to just booze it up.
The atmosphere is like an airplane but the wine is terrible.  If you're gonna to call yourself a wine bar you should serve good wine.  Just keep waking on south st.
Small little cozy bar that me and my friends discovered after our Sunday brunch date. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the different wines and she helped us differentiate between the full body and light body red wines. We probably sat here for 2 hours, watching the baking show Nailed it on Netflix while we tried different wines. This is certainly a bar we will come back to if we are in the area.
3.5 stars but still subscribing to my "round up" philosophy.


Jill, the owner is very nice and hands-on--which I think is the best part of small businesses! I like places where you feel connected to people like that. 

I had the sparkling wine and my date had a glass of red that was described as "juicy" and it really was freakin' tasty! I didn't order anything from the food menu but it definitely had nice options for a wine bar. I had to google what type of meat "speck" was since it's on their menu and I kept thinking it was the jelly meat aspic. :) Speck is a "juniper flavored ham" in case you were wondering. 

I also give this place a thumbs up for having a good website that's up and running. I appreciate that, man.

The only bad thing really is the size of this place-- if it really becomes popular it would be hard to pack too many people in here comfortably and I can see people being irritated. I didn't go downstairs, so I can't review it- but the upstairs seating at the bar is limited to maybe 15-20 people. But I thought the ambiance although very blue was appropriately fancy for a wine bar. 

I wish it well.
This place is pretty sweet.

I'm not sure if it's supposed to look like an airport bar but it feels that way.  It's really funky and the design just makes you feel like you're in a cool futuristic place.  I dig.

I ordered their Sonara which was a really nice, albeit spicy cocktail involving tequila and a fresh jalapeno.  I was really impressed with the flavor this drink had in it.  Certainly a designer cocktail.

I finished my stay at Jet with a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon.  I looked over their menu and saw their lite offerings and I made a mental note about returning.

The staff was nice and the service was on point.  This place is a keeper.
This review is based solely off of the newly opened Jet Wine Bar garden. 

I saw on the chalkboard out front that they had a few things on special for their happy hour - I walked in excited for a $5 sangria (as the chalkboard suggested) on a nice day. What I ended up getting was a $10 watered down sangria and an attitude from the bartender. I know they just opened the garden, but truly the garden felt thrown together. Can't really speak for much else, but I left with a bad taste in my mouth and it wasn't just the watered down sangria. Skip this place and go to any of the other fantastic outdoor "beer" gardens in Philly. 

Out of fairness I'll throw this positive out there - they had sunscreen on the tables which was a nice touch. However, considering how buggy this space is, they may want to consider swapping with (or adding) bug spray to the tables.
Went there last night with a friend for some lite bites - trying to watch calories!!!

The 2 glasses of wine I had were delicious and refreshing and only $5 each.  The shared plate of cheese and charcuterie along with olives (my fave) and cashews hit the spot!  

Will definitely be back for more!
We came here after my GF spotted a promo for this place's RAINBOW WINE FLIGHT in honor of pride month! Given the fact that this is pretty dope and the instagram possibilities, this was put on our bucket list immediately.

We made it over last Friday evening, classically just after happy hour. Classically (again) right when we walked in this place was packed. Two kind patrons managed to scoot over to allow us to have the only 2 seats left at the bar next to each other. 

There were 2 flights on special that evening. This place also has a bunch of cocktails and beers and stuff. The rainbow flight was a cool, novel experience especially whatever that allegedly natural light blue one is but tasted like wine usually does. We also ordered their spicy margarita afterwards which was amazing.

Thankfully they also have snackies. We were famished at that point and debated between many good options. We ultimately went with the cheese plate which was really impressive for a bar. There were 3 cheeses, strawberries, grapes, extraordinary fan thing of apples, CHOCOLATE CHIPS!, an orangeish marmelade like substance which I didn't like that much and nuts. One of the best cheese plates I've had actually.

The ambiance is really cool if you like bright neon lights and dark lighting. There is loud music, they played a strange remix of spice girls I will not forget anytime soon. The bartender was also AMAZING. He was super nice and friendly and very helpful suggestions-wise.

I will definitely be back next time I'm on south street.
Returned to Jet on Saturday for their 3 hour Kentucky Derby party, and enjoyed a $4 mint julep (they did NOT go weak on the bourbon, let me tell you!).

I really do love Jet, with all the great events they run and positive effect they have on the block. If you're ever walking by I highly recommend stopping in for a drink or two (or three!).
I've never based a review solely on drinks, and I'm not about to start now.

The wines at Jet are lovely, and priced similarly to any other wine bar in the area ($6-13/glass). The bartender will give you a taste and let you decide which one you like, which I always appreciate.

To me, no glass of wine purchased is complete without a nosh or two. My boyfriend and I ordered a cheese plate, a salad, and a tart to share. Most meal options contained meat. The side note at the bottom of the menu (which kept slipping out of it's rubberbanded clipboard) noted that all meats on the menu contained pork. 

The cheese plate was tasty, but there just wasn't enough of it. Two 2 x 1 pieces of a semisoft salty cheese came with three small pieces of cinnamon raisin bread, six grapes, two strawberry halves, four cashews, some sliced apple and one teaspoon of jam. "Must be really expensive jam," my boyfriend quipped. The accouterments were nice and all, but by the end I was just eating apple slices by themselves.

The arugula salad has a delicious shaved cheese on top, with cherry tomatoes and fried pieces of pancetta that were literally drowning in balsamic vinaigrette. I wasn't expecting the entire salad to taste so salty.

Finally, the tart. It was "fig and fennel," and so I was expecting to see both ingredients arranged lovingly on top of a quiche crust. But no- instead I got pile of figs plopped into a stale tart crust and them presumably microwaved. I could not cut the crust with a fork, let alone a knife. It was rubbery and tasteless. I sent it back, no questions asked.
As prior reviewers have mentioned this place is very blue!

My friend and I met for a drink, lovely wine--priced right. We didn't eat much, just shared a cheese plate--and that was delicious.
AWESOME! Great drinks! Great cheese selection! Tons of wine! Cool design. Bartender was attentive! It is such a good find!!  We will def be back!
On our way back to the city from brunch at Green Eggs on Monday (aka the worst day of the year. windwise) my friend and I decided we could walk no further without seeking solace in a cup of coffee or glass of wine, whichever came first...

Thankfully, we noticed that Jet was finally open...and at noon on a Monday as well?!?! Well hello, welcome to my life new neighborhood wine bar.

We walked in and were not surprised to be the only ones there...but Bill (I think) was great to us even though we disturbed his afternoon paper reading time. 

I ordered a glass of the tinto joven and my friend ordered a glass of something else which was fairly peppery. We both very much enjoyed our wine and our conversation with our bartender! The menu looks awesome and I cannot wait to come back for some dinner and/or lunch.
Was all excited for Jet to open because I live like a block away and, let's face it, despite the inevitable charms of Bob & Barbara's, this street needed at least one "nice" option.

Having been once so far, I will say my wine (as well as the boyf's) was very good. The cheeseplate was okay -- think they might want to tweak the presentation/serving ware. Seemed like it was tough for the (very nice) bartender to put down without dumping cheese all over me, but he managed. 

But I digress -- my major issue, and I CAN'T believe no one has commented on this, is that Jet has the cheesiest brand identity I've seen in a long time. From the logo to the lighting. The cartoon people? The blue lights? I just can't. It's a little try-too-hardy and a little awkward.

So, as excited as I am by the idea of this place in the neighborhood, as sure as I am that I'll go back, and as cool as I think the concept is, I doubt this will become a go-to. If I wanna sip wine and eat fancy cheese, I wanna feel cool doing so (stupid as it sounds) and it didn't happen for me at Jet.
Cute place that has a happy hour on the weekend (unique and a major plus in my books)! Came here during Bloktoberfest to escape the frenzy on the streets. They have a lot of options on happy hour special - both drink wise and for food. You can put together your own cheese board which was great. 

In general, it's a great option for a weekend outing without breaking the bank. It's all bar seating and relatively small so plan ahead.
My friend and I decided to check this place out after we had crepes at Cafe Laube. It is small and cozy. I really like that is not one of those fancy pretentious wine places in Philly. Is a place where you won't feel intimidated if you have no clue about wine and the friendly bartender will help you with the process till you find your perfect wine match. I love that!! 

They offer a special wine pairing. You can select a white or red and it comes with delicious cheese with fruits or spiced nuts to go with your wine. It was the cost of the glass of wine we select. Yay...we saved money and have tasty cheese. 

It was a perfect lazy Sunday to hang with a good friend to taste and learned about wine.
I love this place! I come here for tasting flight Tuesdays or just a casual glass of wine. Great atmosphere and great selection of wine
Of course you can get great wines and cheese at a place called a wine bar.  Great wines at a great price and they do flights if you want to try a few without getting sloshed.  Jet also has a nice cheese selection.  But as I said, you'd expect this at a wine bar so I'm not going to talk about that anymore.  

What am I going to talk about then?  The rest of the food.  Once they put my buffalo chicken sandwich in front of me, I don't think more than two words passed my lips until my plate was empty.  I got it with their spicy potato chips which I was hoping were spicier but were just flavorful spicy and not heat spicy.  Still good, nonetheless.  And even though I didn't get to try my friend's sliders, he seemed very happy with them.

I also love the window seating that they have.  It's the seats we always try to grab when we go.
A big thumbs down for this place.  First the menu is boring with very few choices.  The wine selection is okay but nothing special.  Tria does the wine and cheese bar concept so much better.  I had an arugula salad which was supposed to have pancetta but it was nonexistent.  I brought this to the attention of the server after I had to wave him down to get his attention (one of my pet peeves - come over to ask how everything is), he did not say word, looked at menu (did he think I was making this up?) and then went back to the kitchen for more.  Unfortunately this did not improve the salad because the pancetta was completely drowned in the dressing and had no flavor at all.  The bartender did ask what I thought of it when I was done and didn't seem to what to say when I gave it a big thumbs down.  A simple "I am really sorry about that, I will let the chef now" would have been fine.  
I bumped up my review from 1 to 2 stars because the bartender did redeem himself after that experience by offering me the most delicious strawberry bread pudding.  Also, he became a bit friendlier...but I wonder if it was because he noticed I was writing a negative review about Jet.  Who knows?
I hesitate writing this review and giving away what I think is one of the best kept wine secrets in Philly, but I will take my chances. To start, the decor and vibe of this little nook appeals to a younger crowd than what most Philly wine bars have tried to cater to. I think this is wise, as many young people are developing an appreciation and education for good wine. The music was fun and funky, and the open air seating by the window enriched the experience with people watching (we were approached by a real-life bubble fairy!) and fresh air.
Service was handled solely by one sweet, fresh -faced bartender who was on the shy side, but attentive nonetheless. I can't speak for his wine knowledge however, because I didn't ask questions, but he hooked us up with 2 free pours after alerting him to the close-call of the owner getting a parking ticket. That gesture alone would make me return.
As for the wine, by far, the most eclectic and interesting list I've seen in Philly. Some folks complained that it was short, but I disagree. I tried the Tjokali Spanish white exhibiting toasted, smoky orange favors that was totally exotic. I'm an educated oenophile and have never even heard of this grape, whic I found refreshing and exciting.
They have daily wine flights, which is scribbled at the bottom of the menu and I didn't notice in time...woulda done it had I seen it.
I also like that they have daily activities planned, like a viewing of Spirited Away in the evening. The fact that they even know that movie made me realize these were my kinda peeps....
And finally, they have daily happy hour which a few wine bars think they're too good for. We tried one, the montepulciano, which is a standard house wine, and it was good enough. But to be honest, I was so intrigued by some of the selections (sparkling rose Pinot grigio....WHAAAT?) that I passed on the happy hour deals and enjoyed what the list had to offer. Even the app HH selections were great...a truffled tremor cheese plate with plentiful baguette, grapes, blueberries, and Cajun-spiced cashews, for $4.50? Incredible.
Kudos, well-done in every respect, I found my new favorite South Street hang out, just in time for summer. Look out...I plan to be there at 4:30 to get the good seat at the window.
I'm not really a wine drinker, but this place is right around the corner so I decided to give it a shot. They have a great selection of wine, and surprisingly a couple of beers and a pretty stocked bar. The thing about Jet that I like the most is that neither the owner nor the bartenders are very pretentious about wine. I don't really know anything about wine and there was no judgement about that. They seemed like they wanted me to try new stuff and enjoy wine more than they wanted to just take my money.

Extremely friendly staff, I love going to this place. I don't go as often as I would like but that is mainly due to the fact that wine is pretty expensive. I enjoy that Jet offers some decent food options too. Nothing like sitting down with a nice glass of white wine and a cheese plate. I've even been here for brunch, and while the selection was pretty small, they made up for that by serving great food. The bar is never packed with loud, obnoxious, drunk people; It's very chill, a great place to have a couple glasses of wine, relax and have a conversation.
Stopped in for a quick night-cap after a huge dinner.  The place is small and was packed on a Saturday night, but luckily, we snagged some bar seats.  The wine menu is extensive and most glasses will cost you around $10 or above.  However, there is a $6 house red and white, which is nice for those of us on a budget.

Even though the place can feel cramped, they do put some stools outdoors when it's warm.  

Definitely going back soon to try their food and other wine options.  A great spot in an area of the city that's really getting built up.
I enjoy Jet.  They have an awesome happy hour.  I think it's from 4-7 every day including weekends I believe.  The happy hour special is decent with sangria and house wines for $5 and some beers for $3 I think.  My favorite thing on the menu by far is the cheese board which is not on happy hour.  The cheeses are excellent and the accompaniments only enhance the flavor...and fill you up.  You get 4 large baguette slices, a bunch of grapes, apple slices, and spicy nuts which they should bottle up and sell.  A ton of food for an obscenely inexpensive price.  Don't go jacking up the cheese boards because I said that Jet.  I see you!  I would highly recommend this place.
Linoleum floor in the bar upstairs? The wine was okay but nothing special. My friend ordered mac & cheese that was pretty delicious, however, and the bartender was very nice, so it could be worth giving this place another shot at some point (maybe just for HH?). 

In addition to the floor, I found it a bit odd that the place was practically empty on a Sat night at 8 p.m. Note that there is no beer whatsoever, so be wary if you roll in with any non-wine-loving friends. All in all, I'm not really sure why someone would choose to go here rather than Tria.
I would equate this place to the platform from the mortal world to hog warts. It's very much a middle ground between start to where you want to be. Very good drinks and the French fries were good too! Would recommend as somewhere to sit outside and hang out before you get to where you want to be. Would definitely recommend a stop in!
Lovely South Street bar.... Colin is a gem. He will tailor any cocktail to your specifications. You need to be here!
Holy cute, Batman. 

Besides going in the middle of a heatwave and being eternally grateful for the air conditioning within, Jet Wine Bar just scooted its way to the top of my list. 

I went with a friend this past Friday to utilize one of many Living Social vouchers I have procured (along with shoes, their purchase has become a problem). 

Upon entrance, around 7pm, the bar was empty save one couple. Soon the bar began to fill up. The music, while trending a little loud, was fun and 80's inspired.  The lighting was interesting and modern, and certainly a conversation starter.  

The very friendly bartender and server were a pleasure to talk to, and quick with suggestions.  Due to the excessive heat, they recommended their house wine, Chardonnay/Viognier, Santa Isabel, Argentina, or a sparkling white whose name eludes me now. 

We chose sparkling, and it did have the refreshing effect.  We then ordered meat and cheese plates, featuring three of each:

Three cheeses: Provolone Auricchio, Pecorino Pepato, Ossau Iraty. 
Three meats: Prosciutto di Parma, Saucisson, Soppressata

The presentation was lovely and included calamata olives, bread, grapes, two kinds of jams to try with the cheeses, mini pickles and mustard for the meats, and spiced cashews. 

We were very pleased with the appetizers, and with 3 glasses of wine, it was more than enough to count as dinner!

Bonus: Jet has a large flat-screen right in the middle of the bar, and they have a movie night paired with a specialty drink once a week (Thursdays) for the past 4 weeks. I could definitely see myself showing up there one of these nights... I am not sure if that was a summer thing or if it will continue into fall.   

Jet also offers "Tasting Tuesdays" for newbies like me! :)
Really nice spot on a main drag in dt Philly.  Sit in the side patio and and enjoy great service with great drinks and prices,  esp at happy hour.
Such a chilled out spot for wine or beer. Great choices for tapas. Nice, attentive service.  Amanda rocks!
Great outdoor space for covid times!
The tables are very generously distanced. The drinks are good and food as well.
If you're looking for a cute little spot to have drinks and appetizers, this is your place. 

The upstairs bar can get kind of crowded, especially in the winter when the windows aren't open, but don't fret, there's a downstairs area. My bf and I were lucky enough to have the whole downstairs to ourselves on a Saturday night and it was really cool. There was a big tv and comfy couch-style seating. You could certainly use this space for a private party of about ten friends. The jet theme is weaves throughout the bar with area plane pictures everywhere. The bathrooms are even jet themed--they are small and white just like on a plane. 

The food was really a mixture of Mediterranean and Italian. Also, to my surprise, the wine selection was quite extensive.  

I definitely recommend this place for a date or a group. If you want to "fly" solo, the upstairs bar is cozy and the bartender and waitstaff are friendly and talkative.
**WARNING! DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS ESTABLISHMENT IF YOU'RE A PERSON OF COLOR!!!!** My rating comes because of the staff & experience that my husband and I had not because of the space itself.  The good news: The space is rather tranquil for it to be located smack dab in the middle of South Street & we got lucky that they ran out of the bread they normally use for the chicken sandwiches so we got brioche bread instead ( one of my favorite breads). Now for the bad news (get comfortable because this will take a while):
1) The frose tasted like nothing. I even had my husband try it because I thought maybe it was just me and even he agreed that his drink ( Watermelon Moscow Mule) had more flavor. I wish I could say that it just tasted like a regular non-alcoholic slushie but it LITERALLY tasted like nothing.
2) My husband (an brown man) and I (a black woman) were invited by a group of friends; all of us are industry; and were looking forward to having an excellent night out for the first time since COVID. When we arrived at the door and let them know that our party was already seated (they were already a 5 top) we were told by a woman with dark hair, tattoos & piercings and braids {I really wish we caught her name} that due to CDC regulations that we couldn't join the table since the maximum seating of a table was 6 and at the time there were no open tables near out friends however if something opens up closer then they would be more than happy to move our party of 3. We understood that and happily took a seat at the 4 top close to the bar/serving area. We had a few rounds and an appetizer and strangely enough we had to bus our own table between courses; as did our friends.  Definitely not a good start. But here's where things get bad. So a 2 top left  that was directly adjacent from our friends and then we asked the "waitress", and I use that term VERY loosely, if we could be move. We were then told that we couldn't be seated at that 2 top because "they couldn't have that many (3) chairs in that space due to regulations". We were extremely bummed, confused and disappointed because we had already been promised the space but we bit the bullet. Then no more than 3 minutes later we see that the staff rapidly busts the table, seats two white men and then ADDS A THIRD CHAIR!!!! Myself along with our friend noticed it before my husband did and we were outraged! Here, this woman just told our predominately people of color table that we could not have this space but these white men can?! Even more of a slap in the face was that we looked at that table periodically throughout the rest of our dining experience and that 3rd chair sat EMPTY for approximately 38 MINUTES before another Caucasian man joined them!!!! We were shocked, appalled and down right pissed off at this point and we were just ready to leave. I went to say goodbye to our friends while my husband and our friend settled the tab. We're all restaurant workers so we understand the culture so even though the service was abysmal we still left gratuity. As we were leave the "waitress" ( who literally did nothing but had an attitude all night long; whether she was bussing a table that left or even with her continuing to mutter about people not wearing masks quite loudly to the point where I could hear her from the deck all the way by the shed--which was EXTREMELY UNPROFESSIONAL on all accords!!!!) had the audacity to approach my husband and friend while they were outside of the restaurant grounds and question the amount that was left for gratuity!!!! Never in my life as a server or a patron have I ever seen such inappropriate behavior! We understand that servers make most of their wages from tips but also you have to actually EARN YOUR TIPS BY WORKING YOUR TABLE! Check on them, bus them, water them, etc. Honestly we would've had no problem tipping more if we actually received something we could even vaguely call service. All 8 of us in the split party come from fine dining and we know how the industry works. We know that sometimes there are nightmare tables and sometimes people are just assholes from the moment they check in with the host stand, but neither of those things occurred. We were embarrassed, disrespected and the treatment we received was every bit of less than hospitable. If this is the treatment that they give people of color then they can happily keep it to themselves! There's plenty of places in this city where we wont be ostracized because of the beautiful color of our skin! Jet Wine Bar if you choose to employ people with hearts full of prejudice then I sincerely suggest that you take a deep look at yourselves and either re-evaluate yourselves and your staff or you cease operations.
We had a wine tasting event at Jet's garden yesterday afternoon, and we could not have asked for more!! The food, and the wine were all delicious!! Nick was a fabulous host  and we highly recommend booking your next event there!! Cheers to you, all!!
Our food (while it took a little bit to come out) was so worth the wait. there were so many people! Which is a great sign. It's dog friendly, and the drinks were balling. My table had a stream of spicy margaritas coming in
Randomly discovered this place after a friend invited us to bar-hop. While the wine is great and the outdoor patio is perfect for summer hangout, the food is what inspired my review. I had their pimento burger and it was phenomenal. I had been craving a good burger for a while, and this certainly hit the spot. Cooked medium rare, topped with fried onions and pimento cheese and stuffed between a brioche bun toasted to perfection! I don't eat meat as often anymore but if I get the chance to visit Jet again, I will certainly be ordering the burger again!
I was a fan of Jet Wine Bar. It has a great atmosphere and some fun seats by a window that opens and faces outside. It's a little small, but it has a nice intimate vibe that's needed for a wine bar. My friend and I went for some wine, cheese and meats on a random afternoon. It was empty but still a great spot to chill for a bit. 

We each ordered a sparkling flight, and I really liked two of the wines in our 3-wine flight. We also ordered a cheese plate with 2 cheeses and 2 meats.  It's a great place to try all types of wine since you can order smaller ounce glasses.
Wow. I've never given a bad review. wanted to like this place really. Honestly, horrible service. Asked twice for the heat to be turned on and it took 25 mins for anyone to adjust the heater. Server was extremely rude when I asked for a beer because I said it was on tap ( I read the menu wrong, SUE ME) and the server was like THATS NOT ON TAP like chill I'm just trying to have a beer relaxxxxx

Anyway. The beer in a can was fine as were the fries. Vibes...way off. Won't be back.
