My man went out to run some errands on Friday and came home with a box of empanadas from a Jezabel's pop-up. We received two each of four different kinds and the box came with three side sauces/pickled veggies. 

We heated up half the box for lunch on Saturday, but everything was so delicious that we decided to heat the rest and go all in! My favorites were the chicken with olives and beef with raisins, but the empanada with leeks was great, too. I especially loved the chimichurri sauce - I could eat that with everything! Looking forward to more empanadas in my future!
I really wanted to to like this place during Covid there are mental adjustments that should be made when dining. This establishment and area is busy with foot traffic, neighbors and regulars. This restaurant was spotlighted on Fox 29. With that being said it may be why it's a little lax when it comes to customer service you know.  when you have a 'following'. It's probably me because I came out on a nice spring day looking to dine outside then move on with the rest of my day. Not so smooth, not so simple. I was a line of three people for about 20 minutes before I got inside the store. The person before me took less than 5 minutes. This issue may be?? How about post the specific empanadas for the day somewhere? During these times most restaurants have the QR code where you can access the menu and be prepared to place an order. Not here but, they did have a QR code if you wanted  to pay by Venmo. Navigating the website to place an order suggests you make your request four hours in advance. I'm sure there are other options but the website wasn't exactly clear on that. I would like to have placed the order, arrive whenever they reasonably suggest to sit outside and eat my meal. Something, a plan.

When ordering NONE of the empanadas were labeled behind the case so bless his little heart (I'm saying this VERY sarcastically) the one counter person had to point and explain to each customer. I inquired into coffee and tea prices again NOT labeled and he was unsure, he had to go to the pictures on the register. (Enter old jokes about McDonald's cashiers pushing the picture) 

Instead of offering me a bag with a handle he put my eight empanadas & side items in a paper bag, my soup in a to go container with a container of hibiscus lemonade he proceeded to hand those THREE  things to me in my  TWO hands. Oh you may want to bag, (giggle). Yeah I do and again bless his little heart, watching him pack was such a chore a single empanada placed at the bottom soup wobbling on top of that etc.  Little did I know the side items that had liquid were sitting on top of the empanadas in the paper bag and spilled out.  Changing the taste and texture. The service is not rude or unpleasant just slow and lacking experience. who knows?

The issue for me, I had to work too hard to spend my money. As far as the food, the empanadas and service were OK worth having not worth the trouble. I'll leave that to the Gentrifitarions!
I was excited when I saw action stirring in the wondow of the little corner property that sat vacant for ages at the corner of 26th and Pine. Nestled brilliantly on the edge of the park that is home to a playground, tennis and b-ball courts, a dog park, community gardens, and a baseball field on the side, it was meant for success. Unfortunately, it isn't the homey neighborhood haunt that I was hoping it might become. 
         The concept of quality products (One Village coffee, Baker Street bread, and Boar's Head deli meats) and a dedication to purity (beans roasted, delivered and ground within days) isn't enough to keep me as a customer. The decor is beautifully done - but I didn't feel comfortable there. 
        For a spot where there are a lot of kids and dog people, and high foot traffic not only from foot commuters AND the future prospect of the pedestrian bridge that will be there in a couple years, the idea of $10 sandwiches and salads seems ludicrous to me. If I want a cup of coffee, and possibly something for lunch, and I spot a "cafe", I'm not really expecting a $15 tab when all is said and done - I don't care HOW good the quality is. I had wanted this to be a laid back, fun, happy hangout - but instead it was made into a gourmet stop who would rival regular restaurants in cost. 
           Will I get coffee there sometimes? Sure. It's convenient to my home and One Village coffee is good stuff. But a $9-$10 sandwich? Or salad? No. And as far as vegetarian-friendly? The farthest Gavin's goes is a cheese plate and a couple selections that include goat cheese. Which is all well and good, but with the focus on "Boar's Head", it's clear that veg-heads won't be hanging around. 
        Ho hum. I walked in hopeful and more than impressed with the space, where they had restored the original bar that existed and a beautiful floor with lovely hanging light fixtures. But I would have done things differently. And many of my business-minded pals had mouth watering ideas for the spot, too - So we shall see what the future holds for this business. By default, based on location alone, she (the owner) is bound to make bank. But not on my dime. Because really, I don't have that many to spare.
This place is wonderful. Cozy cafe and restaurant offering Argentinean fare, light and airy, lots of plants, calm and peace. It has a cafe side for orders of pastries, tea and coffee and a separate dining space for table service. They specialize in empanadas and they are delicious. The pastry is fresh and flaky and the fillings are so very tasty. Try the spinach. They run lunch specials with salads and fresh soups and their desserts are creative and delightful. They also offer cooking classes. This is a great spot to grab an afternoon bite. The ambiance is perfect. This is a special place. So glad it's in the neighborhood.
I've been excited for Gavin's to open ever since I saw the new coat of paint on the outside of that old building.  I am ecstatic that there is a little spot to get a bite to eat and great beverages in this area.  The only downfall is that they are cash only.  With the higher prices of the sandwiches and salads, it could get a little tough to have enough cash on-hand.  

The frozen mint lemonade is extremely refreshing, and the staff are very friendly.  I will be watching this little place hopefully blossom into a Fitler Square / Schuykill Park Staple
Jezabel's is in a great location next to the park! The interior is small but cute and clean. However, the food did not deliver. We grabbed spinach and mushroom empanadas and they were amazingly bland! As if they had not added any spices or salt. 

I wanted to like this place but sadly will not be back!
I am optimistic about Gavin's - an Argentine-owned Euro-style cafe, right near Taney Park and sorely needed.

The original Irish Bar (from years ago now serves as the coffee bar.

We had some cold drinks here yesterday and I got a home-made beef empanada that was so delicious.  The salad menu sounds great, too.

This is sorely needed in this area and I hope they will be successful.

Go, Gavin's!
Hey have you ever ducked into a place for the first time and there's no other customer in front of you at the counter where you order and the lady working there expects you to know what you want right away and looks a little annoyed when you need to look at the menu and check out the cases containing the food.  That was Gavin's.  When I asked a couple of questions about a couple of Argentinian items I saw on the menu and didn't know what they were, she seemed annoyed to have to answer.  I have no idea why - I just walked in on a nice sunny afternoon with almost no one else in the entire cafe.  Anyway, she said they were out of the Argentinian pastries that I wanted to try so I got an empanada - it was decent but not earth-shattering - and a soup which was totally ordinary and not worth it.  But food aside what I'll most def remember is walking into a place for the first time...eager to try it out and being met within seconds by a bad attitude.
I pass this place almost every day and despite the friendly chalkboard, it's a little bit hard to see what's inside.

Finally came here with 8 friends after a cold and windy bike ride. Incredible pastries and empanadas. Delicious coffee. Warm and friendly service -- the cafe wasn't too full at the time but they handled the chaos of a large group very well. Will definitely be back!
I come here after my runs and indulge in their baked goods. Amazing croissants, probably the best I've had since I moved down to Philly. The second time I went, they had Argentinian croissant, which were smaller and dryer croissants and had caramel inside. So good. Yesterday, they didn't have croissants so I settled for a blueberry scone, also amazing.

I think they do light lunches as well, but I haven't had it so can't comment. I'll probably continue my tradition Gavin's baked goods following my runs. #motivation
Great seating to hang outside in the morning on a pretty day. They have a small menu but the the pastries and sandwiches are all made fresh and to your requests. Place is Argentinian themed, and those who have been will feel like they are back in Buenos Aires. They serve up La colombe  coffee like most places do nothing special there but it's a great spot next to the park that does it's job well. It's been here since 2010 and still is clean and friendly and I suspect will be here for many years to come.
Found this place today and decided to give it a try, BIG mistake. My husband and I love empanada so we were excited to see the sign that advertised them. I should have known when I walked in and saw a line of dirty tables that we made a bad choice. We ordered beef and chicken empanadas. They were cold inside and I had to ask for them to be reheated, then as we actually tasted them we realize the dough is super bland and the meat was just not good. This place was on a top ten list for empanadas ....who the heck voted for this place? The worst? How about a filthy bathroom with no soap and nothing to dry your hands with! Nasty!
Something about the energy of this place is off. For starters, I asked for a to-go cup for my tea and the barista asked if she could bring me a to-go cup when I was leaving. Which means ... what, exactly? I find kind of cheapness to be really annoying. Even worse, the empanada was basic. The crust was good but the filling was tough and chewy. The passive-aggressive barista vibe plus sub-par empanada makes it a solid pass for me. There are too many other coffee shop options in Philly that do better.
I came in for a quick afternoon pick me up and felt the immediate effects of the delicious coffee and small bites. I ordered the ham and cheese empanada which was an excellent first experience to the empanada world. The coffee was perfect temperature, consistent, and expertly crafted. The inside interior is small and intimate, and this little spot will impress any date for a snack. This is a perfect place to come on a cold winter day, and I will definitely be back to try the rest of the options!
Words cannot describe the disappointment that is Gavin's, a cute place with so much potential. We ordered two iced coffees and two pieces of quiche. We waited for nearly thirty minutes on a Sunday. WHY? I suppose it was busy, but the coffee was made, and the quiche was made, right? We could see it on the counter. When we again approached to ask what was taking so long, the cashier tried to ring us up again. That's how long it had been. He could not have looked more unhappy to be working. The quiche was then served cold on a soggy napkin. My iced coffee was served in a dirty glass. Obviously we will not be returning.
After hearing about their mint lemonade from a friend, I was super pumped to try Gavin's cafe lunch. I am so disappointed...

I should have been suspicious when there were only 2 tables of patrons during lunch hour, but I figured it may have just been an off day. I started to ask about the menu and was quickly told that there were like no substitutions, no way to not have it "as is"...which was fine by me until I realized that the salads weren't premade! I don't understand if I don't want tomatoes...why I can't get a salad WITHOUT tomatoes or what have you?! My final salad had a nonexistent lemon dressing and was super overpriced at just under $9. To make it worse? It took the woman behind the counter over 15 minutes to *start* assembling my 4-ingredient salad. 

Even the mint lemonade was pretty bad (at least when they made it for me) as it was just ice + mint leave for the first 2/3 and then lemonade at the bottom. I saw their advertisement behind the counter of a nicely mixed mint lemonade, but mine was pretty gross. I finished most of it purely because it was late July and I was thirsty, but ugh. 

The ambience is really cute, I could definitely see getting coffee here, but never when I was in a rush and/or wanted food.
Gavin's Cafe, quietly tucked among the cute townhouses of Fitler Square, is a small, cute neighborhood joint that serves light Argentinian fare along with coffee and pastries.  Upon coming here this morning for solo brunch, everything about Gavin's screamed "local neighborhood joint": the copy of the Sunday New York Times available for anyone to peruse, the patrons sipping coffee while working away on laptops or tablets, families with small children running amuck, and the sense of familiarity between the staff and the customers.  Gavin's is known for empanadas, so I opted for the lunch special (salad with two empanadas, $7.50).  I was told there would be a 15 minute wait.  No problem, I had the Times Magazine to keep me busy.

When my food arrived, it looked gorgeous.  Similar in style and price to nearby Cafe Lutecia, the salad tasted great.  The empanadas were good, but not as good as I thought they were going to be.  My beef empanada was really hot (temperature, not spice), but after the heat subsided, tasted really good.  The spinach empanada was also tasty, but just warm (not nearly as hot as the beef).  My coffee also tasted a bit off: maybe it was flavored without my knowing, but no worries.  I spent less than $10 here for a meal, and was pretty satisfied.

I was a little confused about if Gavin's is sit down or order at the bar, but I think it's order at the bar, and then they serve your table.  Also, I felt very out of place that I wasn't good friends with the owners/staff, and definitely felt like an outsider.  On the whole, the space is really pretty and a good fit for the neighborhood, but the food is just ok and I wasn't a "regular".  It's up in the air if I would come back, but it's great for getting coffee to go before venturing out to Schuylkill Banks.
Really cute little shop with only a few specials (empanadas, quiche, sandwiches, and dessert items). We had the beef empanada, spinach and mushroom empanada, and a corn quiche. The empanadas were baked fresh and quite tasty, though I felt the crust was a bit too thick. I preferred the beef -- much more flavorful! The quiche was sweet and relatively light, especially when paired with the house salad. 

All in all, quaint location and solid food. I will probably be back again.
Gavin's is immaculate and the coffee is great.  The muffins are nothing to write home about, but try the pasta frola (an Argentinean quince tart, baked by the Argentinean co-owner).  I hope more Argentinean specialties are added to the menu!
Cozy little cafe with friendly staff, good tasting pastries, and an excellent coffee and tea selection.  Honestly, I cannot say much more about the place.  I'd recommend it on a quite afternoon or someone to meet someone to start off your day.  They have Argentinian teas (mate) which is pretty good in both the bag and free tea form.  With outdoor seating and AC inside, I'd say it is worth stopping by!
Great customer service, lovely atmosphere, simple menu yet tasty food. Wish there was a drink menu for coffee & teas ..but they can make just about anything. Had the chicken & beef empanadas & they were quite filling. Not too spicy either.
My family is from Argentina and we came here for the empanadas. The empanadas were bland and not something I would want to eat again. The owner was also at this shop while we were eating, we tried to give her some suggestions and she ignored us and seemed unapproachable. However the media luna's were good. I would not come again.
Absolutely gorgeous place, clean lines, modern, open kitchen.  We arrived, promptly greeted and seated, got to watch Jezabel do her magic in the kitchen. 

Ordered Empanadas, fresh out of the oven. The quiche was fluffy, light and delicious. The leche chocolate dessert, I like more than the blue berry scones

Will return!
Came here today with my husband. We moved to Philly from Argentina about six months ago so we went out of our way for authentic Argie food. It was ok, but the service was lackluster as our server completely forgot one of the items we ordered. Pleasant ambiance and cute neighborhood. We had a nice time but certain things could definitely be improved.  The food was ok, the alfajor de maizena was good as well as the coffee!
It's great to find a cafe that both makes really good coffee--AND has its own personality, with empanadas, and special desserts and so on.  It's not overwhelmed with laptop-staring Pennsters, which is a plus. Sometimes, in fact, it may have book-reading Pennsters, which is commendable, ha.

The location just off the park is a bonus, as are the tables outside in nice weather. Their service is great and friendly, and since it's a small place, sometimes there can be a wait--but contrary to some of the more self-centered Yelpers--that shouldn't be a problem when you're in a nice corner cafe.

Prices are great for handmade food, certainly cheaper than Starbucks or other prefab coffee chains.

I come here as often as I can, and am never disappointed. I love bringing people who live not far away, who say, "Wow, when did this open?"
Great empanadas!  Great fresh baked muffins with a Latin flair.  Friendly staff and a nice vibe inside their Fitler Square location.   So why is Jezabel's only a 3 star?  It is pretty simple, the service is ponderous and could use a major dose of Ritalin.  I finally walked out after watching the barista serve everyone except me after I paid.  How tough is it to make my latte and serve me after 10 minutes?  Would have thought this was a physics problem!  They had 4 customers and two staff and couldn't produce a latte after a 10 minute wait.  No sorry either!  Sorry but you get a big fail for service.  Not sure you get another chance.  Love your baked goods...
Pro: good music, good interior decoration
Cons: - generally overpriced drink and food items: drinks are all more expensive than the Green Line Cafe next door, empanadas are $2.75 each for a tiny piece, not even tasty.
- very very cold in the winter in the cafe area
- no internet on the weekends
- $10 minimum for card payments

Overall I don't recommend this place
it's a cute spot pushing a new thing so i really badly wanted to like them...i've gone there at least a dozen times but tbh almost every time was pretty bad. first off: they are dough pockets stuffed with various stuffings. they are not empanadas. don't go expecting empanadas. secondly, they all taste the same...kinda bland. the dough is super not flaky and it's definitely dry. also, the prices are outrageous. i got a soda and two "empanadas" for $12. they are super small too. customer service is reasonable although it feels like they're playing store bc there aren't clear markings and pricing. also, don't get the leek ones. there's almost always grit in them  overall, more artisanal snobbery with little flavor and lame service to back up the prices
Just moved to Philadelphia about a yr ago. I was born and raised in Mendoza, Argentina. I found this place online and was so excited to support. 

Unfortunately I was so disappointed. It's not the food isn't good it's the lack of selection on the food. There is just not too many options. They can upgrade the menu just a bit more.
I was craving alfajores and found Jezabel's Café online. The food was definitely worth the long walk in the snow. I had several alfajores and beef empanadas and they were delicious. I'm Argentine from NY and I've found it to be difficult to find good Argentine food in Philly, but I'll be coming here from now on! The overall experience was pleasant. The staff is very friendly and the café is small, but super cute. Can't wait to go back!
I thought this place was ok. 
The service seemed indifferent. 
The beef empanada was just ok.
Well, as a 'veg head', I happen to disagree with the previous reviewer. Perhaps South Street or Starbucks is more her style - not mine.
Gavin's Cafe, in my considered opinion, is a pleasant oasis in a rather barren neighborhood. The food offered is a good beginning - the place is not yet 2 months old!  The smart owners are doing just what ought to be done - be flexible - offer some of this - some of that - test drive unil they discover who their clientele is and what they want. Very smart. Regarding children - I've seen such a broad group of customers in - from the skateboard youngsters to older peeps like me and my friends. Salads are good with fresh ingredients. My fav is the freshly made Frozen Mint Lemonade.
Gavin's Cafe is a rather European style cafe offering a diverse menu in an upscale neighborhood. Perhaps it will become a 'neighborhood haunt' - I believe it is well on its way.
Good luck and I'll certainly be back and so will my friends.
DD@Phila
What a quaint little mystery bakery this is. I don't know how much of a "mystery" it is in the traditional sense, but to me it is.
Number one, It is tucked on the farthest end of Pine street before you cross the South Street Bridge. I imagine that if you don't live somewhere near here, you'd never find it or even hear about it. Number two, It is an Argentinian bakery-I did not really know what that meant before exploring the menu. So these two facts alone makes it mysterious to me.

I love the atmosphere-a long bar takes up most of the bright, light room, with the small kitchen at the far end of the main entrance. There are a few small tables that line the wall adjacent from the bar and in the back, my personal favorite are the tables lining 26th street overlooking the tennis courts. There are traditional Argentinian style pastries-both sweet and savory-on glass domed pedestals lining the bar. 

The empanadas are their specialty-they have varying flavors, with one mushroom/spinach vegetarian option, one beef and one ham. I have only had vegetarian, which is filled with a flavorful spicy filling and has a great crispy crust. They have a nice breakfast sandwich selection as well, which I enjoyed quite a bit. I usually get a nice iced coffee with one of the above and sit outside and just relax. 

This is a little mystery I am glad I uncovered. I will be back more frequently.
These were some of the saddest empanadas I've ever had. I gave it a 2 stars because the service was nice. However, the empanadas are so tiny for the cost of $3.75. We got 4, totaling around $15.75. They were bland, with barely any seasoning. The spicy chicken empanadas spice was actually adding salt. I've had larger, tastier, and more seasoned empanadas for $2 each. Also if you plan to do work here, don't come on the weekends as there is no wifi then.
Was really excited to hear about an "authentic" Argentine cafe in Philly. I went out of my way to that neighborhood and couldn't have been more disappointed. I ordered the veggie sandwich and was handed some dry bread, fresh-ish mozzarella and avocado. No chimichurri on my or my partner's sandwiches, which is one of the things I personally went there for. I asked about it and was told "sometimes the boss just doesn't feel like making it." The Mate came in a teabag similar to (but worse) than what can be found at a Trader Joes or Whole Foods. I was really expecting some top-notch loose leaf Mate from an Argentine cafe but was completely disappointed. The alfajores were nothing special and didn't seem fresh at all.  The people at the counter weren't particularly friendly and bordered on flat-out rude. I won't be returning, clearly.
Yummy alfajores and empanadas! Really nice for a coffee stop and a snack in the afternoon after a walk in the Schuylkill River. The service is very good as well! Staff is very friendly!
Really cute place with lots of potential.
Got some espresso and alfajores- coffee was bad, alfajores was great!
Overpriced for sure.

Any business has only one chance to make a good first impression. This place is no exception. Service was bad! It is like they are doing you a favor for serving you.
Stopped by to grab a quick sip and a quick bite. The home-made hot chocolate was the perfect balance of sweet, creamy, and hot. I paired my beverage with a ham and cheese empanada which to my surprise was warmed up to a perfect temperature and consistency. Lots of love radiates throughout the cafe and a sense of community welcomes you the moment you step foot in the door. Staff is friendly and they all put lots of care into whatever they are crafting for their customers. Would highly recommend Jezabel's. One of Philly's best kept secrets!
The only thing wrong with Gavin's Cafe is that it isn't closer to my house.  I went on a beautiful fall morning and had a perfect cup of coffee with one spinach and one ham and cheese empanada.  The sunny interior is a gem, with the old oak bar from its former incarnation lovingly restored.  It's hard to imagine that such a serene spot was once probably filled with noise and smoke, but if the space had to sit empty for 20 years before Chef Careaga found and transformed it, we've all won.  I left with a half dozen empanadas to share for lunch, a copy of the menu, and the firm intention of returning very, very soon.
I finally got the chance to stop in here on an insanely hot day after playing some tennis across the street.  The frozen mint lemonade is amazing, definitely get it.  It was super fresh, and not too sweet or sour.  It was too early for empanadas, so I had the ham and cheese croissant.  I guess there wasn't really anything special about it, but the ingredients were fresh, and I thought the ham was really high quality.  Have to go back to try the empanadas.
SO this has been one of my favorite places in the city since I first found out 2 years ago, The building is just adorable, an old Irish pub from 1801. The neighborhood feel, outdoor seats, always avail newspaper, warm staff, and amazing owner are perfection. Super kid friendly and dog friendly. Now for the food--awesome! I love the empanadas, love the salads, sandwiches, quiche, coffee is la columbe so great & ice cream is yummy too. I have not really had a lot of their pastries but folks rave about them. It is such a great spot to dine alone, have a quiet meeting go for brunch, whatever it is byob so that is cool too! Additionally, they are so nice to the community and very involved so I think it is nice to support such places.
I am from Argentina and was delighted to find a taste from home.  I was disappointed to read other reviews criticizing the size of the medialunas (croissants), which are the exact size texture and taste as they are in Argentina- and the alfajores.  Someone wrote that the cookie part of the maicena cookie was "dry," that's the way it's meant to be like a scone or biscotti.  The point is to eat them with tea or coffee which helps bring out the taste of the dulce de leche in the middle.  Don't miss the empanadas (also the size and taste as those you would find in Bs. As.).
The prosciutto crudo sandwich was  simply perfect, with a heap of ham and a tasty salad on the side.  The brownie I bought was so-so, but because I concluded it was actually cake (light and leavened). They displayed a delicious looking corn quiche on the counter. By-and-by I'm bound to be back to buy it.

They were sold out of soup when I went, but so what: it's a petit place and they were close to closing.  In response to reviewers whining about what wasn't: maybe McDonald's would have you happier?
I love Gavin's for its location, its interior design, and its menu. I haven't sampled much yet, but I've been very pleased with what I have had--a muffin, a chai latte, and breakfast tea. (The muffin was especially outstanding.) The owner even knows the names of her regular customers.
Stumbled into Gavin's on a lazy Saturday afternoon.... At first glance, I was in love.  The place LOOKED adorable but it was completely empty...as in...no customers OR servers.  It felt like a ghost town and took a few minutes for someone to seemingly materialize out of no where and finally take my order.  I think the concept is wonderful and has great potential, but this place is missing the IT factor.  

I really wanted to try an empanada, but on this muggy hot day, the empanadas were piled onto a huge uncovered platter and exposed to a few lazy flies... so I had to pass.

Maybe in a small town Gavin's would be the shiz, but it has stiff competition in Philly.
Stopped here on the Segway tour of Philly--touristy, I know, but the operator of the tour company seems to have a relationship with them. 

The bar is amazing--such a cool integration of the former life of the space. The coffee was good, and my friend and I split a pastry, which was quite tasty.

The bathroom might just be the single-smallest bathroom I have ever used indoors, however.
Great drinks, but the unique and ethnic spin on baked goods is the biggest draw for me to come if I'm in the area. The empanadas are tasty, but by far the best of what I've had here have to be the alfajores, a shortbread cookie enveloping some sticky dulce de leche inside. The cookie is ultra buttery and really melts in your mouth - definitely a must try.
Every time I have gone here they are out of whatever it is I order. This past Saturday this meant no bagels or beef empanadas. When bagels options occupy the first 25% of your menu, and empanadas are your claim to fame, running out of both at 9am on a Saturday was a quick way to make that visit my last. My feelings toward this spot simply put are, 'That food I didn't want wasn't bad'.
from an Argentinian -- empanadas were OK. A bit dry

alfajores de maisena were also fairly dry

the quiches were very good!!! 

servers were very friendly. cute small place
Bleh. My initial enthusiasm---which was based pretty much on the local availability of empanadas---has been tempered by some lousy product. Bland, soggy, half-heated-half-cold, and no chimichurri. A lunch not worth eating. Did I say Bleh yet?

The alfajores, sadly, are sometimes overbaked to the point of burnt. Still kinda tasty, but not heavenly delectable as they should be.

Smarmy staff.
Very cozy. I liked it. Good food, good coffee. I had a Aves con Queso--they make their own bread--and a huge cappuccino. A bit pricey though.
Went here a couple of months ago with a friend. They ordered salad and I had empanadas. Both were subpar.
The empanadas are TINY and are sitting out in the front with a couple of flies. Probably my fault for ordering them. They came a little cold and were dry; They charge almost $3 for something worth no more than $1.50; When I taste empanadas I expect something warm, packed with deliciousness in a tasty dough but I was very let down. 
The "chef's special side salad" is essentially just mixed greens. The greens had very little taste, as if they had been frozen or stored for a long time.
My friend's tuna salad was big. Nothing special at all, probably something I could have made at home for less. 
The restaurant seemed dirty and desolate. The owner and employees did not seem too happy to be alive. 
However the space/bar are beautiful. It would be better if it was cleaner, friendlier and cheaper.

Don't think we'll be back.
The beef empanadas are the only thing they have going for them. I lived in Argentina for a number of years. The medialunas are not good at all. And they didn't have any chimichurri sauce. I wish they had choripan and empanadas Arabes.
I finally got to eat at Gavin's Cafe after running past it one summer day. My best friend was born in Argentina so I could not wait to check it out. The spinach Empanadas were delightful. I also tried some of Ruthie's veggie sandwich and the salad. Everything was very fresh and tasty. I look forward to going back to sample their medialunas with dulce de leche!
The bar at 26th and Pine had closed and gone dark. The old "Ladies Entrance" sign was finally consigned to storage. The lights came back on -can it be--four years ago now? Jezabel brought Gavin's Café (the name refers to a neighbor family who had links to the old establishment) to life with a gorgeous renovation. So my feelings for Gavin's start with gratitude for the transformation. The old bar is still there, magnificent with its original maker's plaque still on it. But now the light-filled, rejuvenated room welcomes all comers. The icy mint lemonade is a signature treat. You can order ice cream at the side window. I love the Argentine specialties--empanandas and maecenitas. Salads and sandwiches, assembled while you wait, are superb. Try the quiche! I enjoy how Jezabel keeps up with the latest technology, too. So the cafe has a lively online presence and I can keep track of doings there with Facebook, and even a Youtube video
Attended a private event at Gavin's this weekend. Amazing empanadas, great catering, perfect for a 20-30 person party. Now I just need an excuse to throw a party...
***
Now that I am finally logging in to release this review, I must say that I eat breakfast/lunch at Gavin's at least a few times per week now. I am hooked on Jezebel's homemade empanadas (my favorite is the spinach) and tarta's (quiche - my favorite is the tomato basil). Fantastic food, every time.
This cute little restaurant is right next to the park and convenient to the river walk. I've passed it many times before and looked forward to eating there. Unfortunately, the empanadas were dry and bland. I have had empanadas in Buenos Aires and the surrounding area. Other than in appearance, these were nothing like them and a huge disappointment. I got then to go and, after one bite of each, they met the first garbage can I could find. 

Sad to say, I will not be returning.
Stopped by Jezabel's when I passed it by chance on my walk home, and really glad that I did! It's a really cute cafe that sells empanadas, cakes, muffins, and various drinks (other things too I imagine, I was just browsing the display case since I wanted a snack). The inside is a bit small, but the space is bright and seems like it would be a great place to sit and read or do a bit of work. 

I had the beef empanada which was quite good but not incredible. I was recommended the ham and cheese so maybe next time I'll try that, or a cake. Will definitely be back on another sunny weekend morning/afternoon!
Located on a quiet street, Jezabel is a lovely, quaint little neighborhood cafe serving up homemade Argentinian snacks.

We stopped by for a small mid afternoon snack. Their kitchen had just closed, so we chose one of each empanada: beef, spinach-mushroom, and sweet corn. The fillings were rather simple but tasty, encased in slightly sweet pastry dough. We also split a frozen mint lemonade, which was super minty and refreshing. 

Next time I'm in the area, I'd love to stop by and try out their breakfast or lunch options.
I came here at 6:15pm on a Thursday night and they were already closed despite their posted close time being 7pm. Very upset because I was looking forward to their empanadas. This is unprofessional.
This is a nice cafe close to work, and that's how I found it. We went for lunch and enjoyed the lunch special which includes a salad and two empanadas. I chose the two vegetarian options, one with lentils and one with spinach. The salad was very nice and well dressed. I also enjoyed the empanadas; the dough was just a little too bready for me, but tasty. It's hard for me to criticize anything wrapped in a nice pastry!! I also shared a Spanish tortilla which was very nicely layers with potatoes; with some extra seasoning and flavor, this could be REALLY good; otherwise, it was good. 

This is a nice place with good food, and I would definitely return during lunch because it's close to work. I enjoyed my lunch, but it wouldn't be a destination location for me.
Found this place by accident! Very cute inside. Byob too. I'll definitely be bringing friends back :)
The empanadas were really good. They had great flavors, and the wrapping tasted homemade. Also, it's hard to be homemade alfajores.
This place is picturesque! With its long bar and large mirrors, it looks like it should be in Europe, rather than Philly. 

The food is delicious! They have a few different vegetarian items. The Ruthie's veggie was my favorite though. They also serve ice cream and coffees. 

The only thing that hurts this cute space is that the bathroom always seems unclean and it is very cramped.... not a good combination. It puts a quick end to the fairytale experience. 

Tip: it's a BYO!
I take it all back about the muffins.  I stopped by this morning and bought a cranberry muffin--it was freshly baked, moist, with a rich vanilla flavor.  

Also, empanadas are available at lunchtime and, if they aren't sold out, sometimes in the evening.  They have both spinach and beef.  They only had the beef left when I was there.  I was expecting the filling to be more elaborate, but I have no prior experience with empanadas so what do I know?  It was still good -- buttery pastry filled with mildly spiced beef and raisins.  The raisins were an unexpectedly delicious addition.  Perhaps I just don't usually eat such heavy things for dinner, but the verdict was very good, but not fantastic. 

Also, sometimes Gavin's has what they call "bread pudding."  It is not the American bread pudding I am used to, but rather a sort of bready flan. It is baked in a tart pan and served in slices which are soaked in the sweet syrup that lies beneath the 'pudding.'    If were making it myself, I would try adding fruit or something.   But I am also someone who, if given the choice between flan and a raspberry clafoutis or something, would definitely order the clafoutis.  If you would go for the flan, definitely try the 'bread pudding.'  If the clafoutis is more up your alley, you might still want to try an unusual Argentinian dessert, but it's not going to blow your mind.

Lastly, if you get there between 7 and 9, weekdays or weekends, you can get a small coffee for $1 and a latte for $2.
It was okay - I went here for their empanadas thinking that they were $1 on dollar empanada day (they were listed as participants), but they ended up being $2.50. I prefer Colombian empanadas (corn meal outside versus the pastry dough? that was outside of these empanadas). I tried the beef, the chicken, and the vegetarian option they had. They weren't great and needed much seasoning/hot sauce to make them taste better.
Cute little Argentine corner just like the beloved cafes in Buenos Aires. The desayuno with mafaldas and medialunas is delicious and small sized as it should be. Loved the empanadas too.
This cafe is absolutely precious & clean! I have been to Jezabel's three times and the service has been excellent every visit. I went tonight for the first time since the spring to pick up a couple empanadas and 3 alfajores. I was shocked when the counter girl told me the price. I then remembered why I didn't frequent the cafe-- it's sooooo expensive for what it is. These empanadas &alfajores, although pretty good, are really overpriced. I gave my boyfriend (who is from Argentina) an empanada as soon as I arrived home & he was shocked when I told him how much I paid for everything. They're good but I don't think they're worth the cost. I would go back there if I ever need to buy some of their jarred dulce de leche but I'll stick to making empanadas at home.
A beautifully setup cafe with plenty of space for getting work done and hanging out in the West Philly area. I was so looking forward to enjoying the empanadas and pastries but unfortunately, I was disappointed not only with the quality of them but also the price point for each item. Like others have said, none of the empanadas had labels, were served cold and even after asking for them to be heated up, were disappointing to taste. The facturas were good but did not make up for the disappointing empanadas. Perhaps, this was a one-off experience, but we're not planning any return trips any time soon.
I came here recently for a snack and coffee on my way to the O'Connor pool (see review). The cafe is very small and cute, but it was totally empty in the middle of the day. They have a small menu, which consists of empanadas, salads, some breakfast/brunch items, and ice cream. 

I opted to try three different empanadas- corn with feta, spinach and mushroom, and spicy chicken and also got an iced coffee. The empanadas get cheaper if you get 3 of them so why not get a variety? The employee behind the counter offered to heat them up, so I waited a few minutes but overall was in and out of there pretty fast. The iced coffee was standard, nothing special. The empanadas were just mediocre. They were luke warm and not crispy and hot, which is what I expected. The spicy chicken was the best one, but would have been better warmer and also could have been a little spicier. The spinach and mushroom was decent, but again could have been a little more flavorful. The corn one was my least favorite and honestly, was pretty gross- it was just mushy kernels of corn that had no flavor or texture really at all. I ended up throwing half of it out. 

I guess I'm confused how a place known for their empanadas doesn't seem to have the best empanadas? Overall, their other menu items looked interesting and it seems to get good reviews. Maybe I just had an off day. I would consider trying it again if I'm in the area, but wouldn't rush back.
After passing by this tiny cafe several times my friend and I decided to try it for coffee and a snack. There are a couple of tables and I was glad we were able to sit while we were there. I tried a spinach empanada, which was delicious and my friend and I shared a dessert which was a thick cookie filled with a dulce de leche center. I enjoyed everything; however I must give a special mention to the empanadas. A couple of things I noted which prevent me from giving this place 5 stars: 
- The tablecloths on the empty tables looked dirty, as though no one had wiped them down after being vacated.
- I ordered coffee which was brought to the table; however I had to request milk as I didn't see any out.
- When our food was brought to the table, we weren't given any silverware or napkins and I had to ask for them after a couple of minutes.
- The quiche was sitting out in the open as opposed to being refrigerated at 3pm. I'm pretty sure the quiche should be kept cold and not room temperature. Food-borne illness is no fun for anyone.
All in all I would go back to try different menu items. It's also refreshing to hear the staff speaking in Spanish!
Review template for easy use

First Impression: Quick order for Take Out due to COVID!  Customer Service;  Woman/Women Owned.‍

Munch: (CARNE) Beef Empanada; Great tender beef. Flaky Light Empanada pocket. There were raisins ( I  think...) ;loved that. (POLLO) Chicken Empanada- ummm delicious; but I am not a fan of olives. I would suggest mincing them so they aren't as pungent ( that's an
Opinion based on personal preference...) 
They both had a spicy sauce but just enough spice! No water or milk or any other sip to cool your mouth off.

Sips: N/A
Munchie Scale:       
MUNCHLESS             
MUNCHIOCRE     
MUNCHTASTIC 

- MUNCHIE (I)vy

Nooo pics! Totally forgot. The empanadas were a surprise and I started chomping right away! 

Thank you for great food! Will return!
The meal was great but the service got tense when I ordered "off the menu". I have dietary restrictions which aren't fun for me. Trust me, I would love to order off the beautiful menu filled with pastries, dairy, and gluten but I can't. It causes stomach pains all day. I've learned to modify my meals as a result.

The chef, who I think was also the owner, didn't seem to like that. 

I ordered a beautiful salad with spinach, tomato with corn salsa, and feta cheese to which I had an over easy egg added for breakfast. I'm not sure why but the owner didn't seem to want to make an egg.
Visited Jezabel's on Monday 6/25/18 around 6:30 we were not greeted by staff.  We gave our order she asked if we wanted them heated, we said yes.  I gave her my order and then my friend gave her the 2nd order and I was paying for all.  ordered 4 empanadas and a corn quiche and a zucchini quiche and 2 drinks.  We waited 20 minutes while she decided to clean the windows.  I asked the girl in the back kitchen area, if our food was ready and she said, she did not know.  In comes the girl cleaning the windows and she said she forgot.  Took her gloves off, never washed her hands and got the food. problem was it was one order and not the 2nd.  We gave her the 2nd order again and waited and waited.  She then was emptying trash cans and spraying counters.  Once again we asked for our food, her response sorry forgot.  The 2 waitstaff proceeded to put all food away in a box, I guess to take home for personal use.  She finally took our food out which was burnt and her response was, sorry not used to serving this late.  We close at 7.  If she would have taken our order when we walked in and served it accordingly, we would have been finished by 7.  This is not way to run a business.  Cleaning while on the clock and with customers in café.  Unacceptable.  I can go anywhere and spend $30.00 and be satisfied with my meal.  This was not what I expected.  I was looking for great tasting food.   It was bland and nothing to write home about.  Would not go again.  Need to train staff on customer service.
This cute cafe is located in a building with a long history. I first visited it a couple weeks ago with friends. We were happy with the drinks we ordered, including the yerba mate. We weren't there for food, but it looks good. The tablecloths were rather stained and had food dried on them. If not for that, I'd have given this cafe 4 stars.
