Poor service.  Food was sub par. Never once had my water refilled and took forever to get drinks.  Bill was all put on one tab for 8 people, and when asked to split she could only do 4.  Will not be coming back again.
Since I was in Philly, I knew I had to try moonshine, and JJ Bootleggers specialize in it, so I made sure I found my way here. 

I enjoyed the lemonade moonshine with raspberry and peach flavoring. The moonshine was fantastic, and I enjoyed it.

I was here during the Eagles game last week (very late September), and they were in overtime. As a Boston fan, I felt a little out of place, so I kept to myself and watched the game trying to stick in. They have more than enough screens to watch the game, and you couldn't miss a play from any seat at the bar. 

I didn't eat here and only stayed through the end of the game, and I walked out with most of the others once the game was over around 5 pm on a Sunday. I wish I could have stopped back to try a different moonshine drink and the food as well.
JJ Bootleggers is a bar in Old City. To me, it doesn't stand out among Old City bars, or Philly bars in general. 

I haven't been there much, and admittedly had a good time when there. That may have been more of a result of the company. 

I was recently there for a happy hour Yelper Alexandra K. won. On Thanksgiving Eve, the first four people to order got free drinks, everyone got some fried snacks and we all got happy hour specials through 8pm. It was a little odd that only four free drinks came with it, but I won't look a gift horse in the mouth. 

It was also oddly empty for the biggest bar night of the year. Maybe happy hour isn't their scene and they cater more to the night-scene. The small crowds still didn't help the bartenders move efficiently. The beer list was small and unimpressive, but the cocktail list had merit- especially at $5/$6 a pop. I don't see moonshine cocktails a ton. 

As I mentioned, we received appetizers. The food was all just fried bites like spring rolls and wings. Standard bar fare. 

My other visit was for a craft beer crawl event. It was overcrowded in that instance. Ironically, it was a craft beer event. This really isn't a craft beer bar. 

Generally, I wasn't impressed by anything other than the cocktails and cocktail happy hour prices. Not bad for a pop- in when not crowded or surrounded by friends, but it won't be my regular hangout.
My wife and i went last night for a night out together.   We both got moonshine drinks which we really enjoyed. I had "sex on the moon" and hers was mixed with a peach wine.  Both were very good. She had the ribs which were amazing, i had the bacon cheeseburger which was probably in my top five of all time burgers.  Very good service, cool atmosphere.  We will definitely be back!!
This is a great new addition to the Old City scene!  We have been here a few times over the past month and have had a great experience every time.  The decor is rustic and fun-- the moonshine theme is carried through very well and there is plenty of space for large groups.  They play loud, upbeat and fun music all night long.  The service was great every time as well-- very responsive, friendly and knowledgeable.  

Food:
The food here is excellent!  Savory, delicious and tasty.  Highlights include the Old City fries, the Porketta sandwich, and the meatloaf.  Our group tried numerous things and everyone really enjoyed their food!  You must try the cookie dough dessert as well!  

Drinks: 
A variety of moonshine flavors add to the unique-ness of this place.  The drinks are all creatively named and delicious.  They also have a great draft beer selection, and prices are very reasonable. 

Definitely worth a visit if you are in the Philly area.  We will be making this one of our regular hang out spots for sure!
cool place. great environment. TERRIBLE DRINKS. I ordered a "shine specialty" drink called the electric lemonade. I watched my bartender make it and it was 1 shot of alcohol and all soda. I was at bootleggers with a group of friends and everyone who ordered a cocktail or moonshine was disappointed. If you come here.. get a beer . w
We went here last night on the recommendation from a friend.  This place is brand new and a really cool moonshine themed place with oak barrels lining the walls.

Had the braised short ribs which were some of the best I've ever had.  The Olde City fries were good too and they had truffle salt on them (I did not even know truffle salt existed).  My wife had a burger that was so huge I had to help her eat and that was really good too.  The prices were very reasonable for an Olde City spot.

My wife had 2 of the moonshine drinks and I tasted them and they were good.  Not weak or watered down either.  They have Troeg's Perpetual IPA on tap and happened to be running a $3 draft special on a Saturday night!  Yes, you read that right Troeg's full pints for $3!!!  Now you understand why I didn't want to leave.

We split a bread pudding which was awesome.  It had a little mint thing going on with it...  We almost ordered a second one.

I will definitely be back at this place again soon.
Bootleggers is so fun to sing along to songs late night! I have been here for apps and drinks as well and it's alright. Late night this gets more like a going out spot, so just beware of that!
I like this place in theory but in actuality I think it falls a bit flat as a watering hole. The idea of a bar centered around moonshine is a cute idea, but I feel like it isn't implemented in a great way.

Let's not kid ourselves; moonshine just does not taste good. And it's not supposed to, which is great! That said, cocktails made from moonshine just are not that tasty. Of all the cocktails I tried here, not one would I consider great, and I would not order any of them again. The moonshine overpowers every other flavor in the drinks, so either they need to find better ingredients to mix it with to create more complex flavors, or some other liquor needs to be substituted. You can get flavored shots of moonshine as well, probably the better option, or some of the beer and wine on tap. Prices here are average for the neighborhood.

On top of this it is extremely hot inside during the summer, and lack of air conditioning or even ventilation means you will sweat profusely. Ultimately that's what caused me to leave this locale, but I ended up not missing this place too much at the end of the night. I think this place could be great with some tweaking, but it's just not there yet. At least they're putting forth some effort to be unique.
The worst service and disrespectful staff. We (african american's) walked in last night asked if they were closing and serving food. Bartender said no but the lady who was then locking up the windows said yes and we aren't serving food. I said well why would you say yes the lady just looked angry. When we walked out upset I calmly expressed my frustration and she said she didn't care if we came back ever. I replied, "Not an issue we won't be back." We are three business owners who understand that one person represents thousands. I hope they close down and an appreciative restaurant opens. We highly recommend Nick's across the street. We had their crushed bacon burger and curly cheese fries and then left there and went to Infusion Lounge. Nice spot and has the best hookahs we have ever had in the city.
JJ Bootleggers appears to still be finding itself. It's not like it opened last week, but I don't think it's been on 2nd Street all too long, either.

Nonetheless, the idea of a bar that focuses on moonshine intrigued me, and I chose it as one of the stops for my birthday weekend friends outing. They were all generally disappointed with the experience, which is a huge bummer to me.

For one, JJs absolutely needs to change the music -- STAT. If you want to be moonshiney, go all out. Don't play Blink 182 club-style on a Saturday night. Get some Country sounds in there to go with the rest of the place.

For two, perhaps take another look at the drink recipes. My moonshine margarita was perfectly adequate, but I will say that it reminded me of a margarita I could've purchased at a Chili's -- just less potent.

My food was okay. I had the chicken sandwich and I have no outright complaints there. My friends weren't so happy with their dishes, though.

Our server was nice and accommodating. I also really liked the bathroom set up in the back. I think this place just needs a few tweaks and I would go back in the future to give it another try.
Just happened to stumble upon this place on its opening night.  Instantly fell in love with the decor.  It's really cool vibe, southern feel.  Blues music, moonshine, really old wood throughout.

The moonshine drinks are tasty.  I had one and then moved on to beer.  Tried a Porketta sandwich and the wings which were both very good.  

This place is definitely a welcome sight for sore eyes in Olde City.  Very cool.
The place lost its charm or may be was having a bad evening. We were here on a Saturday evening and it was empty. The DJ was playing nice music but all hip hop and was not mixing any. We ordered food and their special moonshine. Alcohol was fine. A bit watered down for the price. Service was slow although not many people were there.
We really used to like this place and hopefully this was just one off experience.
We had dined in your restaurant yesterday afternoon from about 2-5pm. When we arrived there was only about 6 tables and a handful of people at the bar. My group had about 6 adults and 4 children. Our server Devon was not very helpful from the time we sat down. We ordered fries and cheesesteaks (the 4$ cheese steak which did not specify it was a half) and the order came out wrong with two people not getting their food bc of the lack of detail on ordering. She was not very attentive to our table at all, we were seated at the two larger tables in the back. We realized she was under staffed and tried to take that into consideration while eating and drinking, however she never once asked our table if we were ok or needed anything else. Instead I felt like I was bothering her every time I had to stop her to ask for food or drinks. When the two new people had arrived to our table (about 3pm) she never once asked them if they wanted food or drink. One of my friends had to stop her at another table and give her their order. The last time I ordered food and drinks from Devon I ordered 4 drinks and 1 more order fries, which after another 35 minutes I simply asked Devon where the fries were and she proceeded to give me an attitude and tell me I never ordered them. Yet my whole table heard me order them and she even repeated the order back to us. My table was very dissatisfied with The whole experience, and I am probably not going to return to this establishment any time in the near future. 
We were only coming to the city for fries (which I talked about bootlegger fries so much) and a few drinks before we took the kids to the light shows. 

It's honestly a shame that our time here was not enjoyable because I really enjoyed the past 3 times I've been here. 
I did not tip well nor did any of my table, two people asked for separate checks before they even ordered any food or drinks, she didn't split the check for them or anyone else. 
I tip 20/25% on every bill I pay, yet when I was given an attitude about her forgetting my order of fries, that was the last straw. 
Sorry again for bothering her and this company for some food and drinks. 
I'm not asking for any response nor a handout, I don't want or need free food or anything, just  wanted to give you my honest opinion on how my taste for JJ Bootleggers went from very sweet to extremely sour
Kris B

Since I cannot contact you bc I don't have simple captcha or whatever that is I have to review you here and on fb
Went in to experience their Sunday brunch. It was all downhill from there.

When we arrived, we were told to sit anywhere we pleased. Nobody ever came to ask for our order. I had to go over to the bar to put it in. That person said I should let someone else know. When I spoke to the second person, she passed the information back to the first (same person at bar I had just spoken to). Supposedly, the first person did not notice when I entered the establishment. However, the beverages requested in my ordered were served in a reasonable timeframe.

When we got to the buffet, there were plastic utensils, along with normal plates. This eventually changed to plastic plates over the course of the visit.

One key item was missing from the buffet: scrambled eggs. Everything indicated it was there, even at the buffet itself. However, no scrambled eggs were to be found. My dining mate asked the person who brought out the food for scrambled eggs, and they were never brought out. The rest of the buffet food was eggs benedict, shrimp grits, bacon, sausage, French toast, pancakes, breakfast potatoes (home fries), yogurt, cheesesteak, two kinds of mac and cheese, and soft pretzels.

The best part of my meal was the orange juice.

When we got the check, it turned out that Bootleggers adds in a gratuity for the buffet in the neighborhood of 25 percent, no matter what the size of your party is.

The people at the table beside us asked for the manager, who defended the lack of eggs by saying people had to ask for them. One of the people cited asking the cook who said that there were no eggs for the day. (Remember my earlier comment about their never coming out when my dining mate inquired?) The manager then mentioned that the people should have complained earlier, saying that they had waited until they had finished eating to complain. However, she then offered a round of drinks to the table, which the people refused. There was no offer whatsoever to lower the bill. Rude manager and poor customer service.

I could never recommend anyone visit this establishment.
So I think I may be a bit bias because I do not like Old City.  However, I was heading to meet friends and needed a drink first. So seeing all of my options (and not loving them), I ducked in here.  

First, the place is really nice inside-very cool set up. Second, the crowd was not as "Old City" as some of the crowds.  That with the set up made the vibe cool. With that my drink...I had a Peach Moonshine drink made with fresh peaches and it was amazing.  Really good. It was a warmish winter night and it tasted like spring.  We all really enjoyed our drinks and wish we had time for another.  The food smelled good but we were off to the movies.  So four stars because I did not try enough but when in Old City...I think it needs another look!
Okay okay before I say anything i wanna say S/O Benjamin Franklin cuz he was a real one! So yeah I always wanted to come here since forever but never got the chance so me & my gf went here for lunch today cuz it's Thursday an it's all u can eat tacos today, make a long story short we came too early cuz the unlimited tacos started at 5. But I got the honey bbq wings with the carrots on the side which was cooler than I expected, idk what kinda hipster shit that carrot symbolized but watever the wings made up for them. My gf got the cheesesteak with French fries cuz it was 4 dollar cheesesteaks today too. But the service was PERFECT cuz we were literally the only 2 people in there. I felt like a celebrity renting out a restaurant for my wife lmaoooo but watever everything was great!!! I wish I had something to fuckin complain about lowkey.
Love this spot! My fiancé and I frequent this spot when we head out for a night on the town. Love the different moonshine options and the vibe is super chill and relaxed. Food is great especially for a bar and I love during weekday nights it's nice and quiet but on weekends it's bustling and busy! We love this place so much we're hosting our wedding reception here for a nice old Philly feel!!!
Was taken here during a haunted Philadelphia beer tour on a Saturday night and while I thought the guide was perfectly competent, this stop turned out to be a complete disaster.

JJ's had arranged to take us in and so they expected a large group, which ended up being about 20 people. We were seated at five or six tables near the back of the restaurant. The rest of the seating areas and bar were fairly busy, so I knew service wouldn't be as speedy as say a weeknight... but I didn't expect an hour wait for our table's order, which was basically a few sides and a couple burgers split between six people.

During that hour we had two rounds of drinks and were served complimentary shots of Ole Smoky Moonshine, the brand seemingly responsible for the bar's existence. Every drink on the menu with exception of the beer was marked Ole Smoky. I believe we had the peach or the punch moonshine, but honestly I couldn't tell which one because it was awful--overly sweet and full of artificial flavor to cover the low-quality liquor. It is the "shine" equivalent of Burnett's flavored vodka (see novelties such as sweet tea and pumpkin), packaged in jars with trendy labeling. I avoided the moonshine list and had a seasonal draft beer.

My friend and I ordered sides of macaroni and cheese, Brussels sprouts and fries of the McDonald's shoestring variety. Again--this took an hour. The fries actually came out last. Our server had not thought to dole out silverware, so even after we got our food we waited a few minutes for clean table settings. The mac and cheese was nothing special, the Brussels sprouts were cooked right but too sweet, and the fries were just normal frozen fries. Looking back, I'm glad I didn't order any of the $14 burgers... just overpriced for the quality of the food. It's the same as what you would get at an Applebee's or TGI Friday's or whatever.

I've gotta say it: there is not a single authentic thing about this establishment. It's a loud, 20-television bar with a fake Nashville saloon feel that plays top 40 country (pop) and serves pricey and mediocre food. I can see college chicks in their Daisy Dukes pounding sugar liquor here with their braindead boyfriends who actually think this is what moonshine tastes like.

The only redeeming aspect of our visit was the experience with the manager, who overheard my conversation with our waitress and intervened. I had requested to have one item on our check comped on account of the wait, and even though I did not intend to make a big deal out of it--I've worked in the service industry, I understand every restaurant has their bad nights--the manager insisted that everyone at our table forego payment and please come back another night, when he assured the service would be better. So we left a nice tip for our waitress, who I believe was inexperienced but was of course unable to make the cooks cook faster.

All things considered, we were grateful to have the manager jump in and take responsibility for the service. The place just ain't my style, so I won't be back, but the genuine apology was appreciated.
This place was great! Awesome drinks and our bartender was super cool.

Two of us got cocktails and they were delicious. I got the Apple Pie shot and it was very smooth.
I stopped in here on Saturday night to grab a bite to eat and drink or two. I tried two of their moonshine drinks--the Hillbilly Peach Tea and the Corn and Coke and was actually very impressed with both of them. Delicious, but definitely strong drinks. $10 each is a tad much, though. 

I'm trying not to eat meat again, so I found the menu a little hard to choose from. I split an order of the pierogies, and found myself liking the sauces (sour cream and another one that was some sort of cherry-based) more than the pierogi itself. I had the veggie sandwich, which was also fine, but I wish it came with a more substantial bread. It was on the same bun as my friend's porketta sandwich, but found my sandwich falling apart. Some real hearty, nutty slices would've been delicious instead. 

I wasn't too keen on the rest of the clientele there. We left around 10 and it was started to get a little crowded, but I guess that's to be expected in old city.
What a great addition to the Olde City scene. Unlike other bars/restaurants, this place has a more upscale feel. The decor is well done and the atmosphere is cozy. The hubby and I had drinks at the bar and were served by Sam. She was very friendly and helpful and even offered information for local businesses to hold a happy hour. Its refreshing to have a staff member actually seem to enjoy working, and was so attentive to making sure we came back. You could tell she wanted to make the restaurant a success. I ordered a "watermelon hooch" martini and it was absolutely amazing. My husband had the beer and moonshine shot special. He enjoyed it. My only reservation is that the prices are a little hefty ($12 martini and $10 beer/shot) If we had gone for the happy hour, they are half price (which is a deal). 
Overall, we definitely plan on going back and will be sure to bring others!
Rude bartenders are fun, limited tap list even better, and a bunch of drunk bros is the icing on the cake! I rather not come back here and waste my time.
I enjoy the Friday night karaoke, but the service in this place is in need of support. The place was packed last night, 1/15, with only TWO bartenders. It took 45 minutes to get one drink. I and many others were visibly frustrated. Definitely ruined my night.

Please staff more bartenders. The two ladies working last night were wonderful and I admire how quick they worked throughout the night, but management needs to provide them with more support. Two people simply cannot handle the customer demand.
Very disappointed in this place.

First off let me say that this was the ending location of a tour I went on. We were super excited because the decor was great. The food was great. The drinks were great. Customer service was horrible.

It took a very long time for our waitress to even notice us to order food. We had to flag her down several times and there really wasn't a lot of people in during the early evening. 

I checked in on yelp, of course, and so did another girl at our group and we were super excited to get the $10 off of 30 i think it was? Unfortunately, the waitress said the manager told her we couldn't use it and it had to be used next time. I do not live in PA, I have no idea when I will be back; this was the first time a yelp coupon wasn't accepted the first time I checked in. When another person at our table asked to speak with the manager that said we couldn't use it, we were informed the manager wasn't even there. So who was she talking to then? 

Just a very disappointing experience because of how rudely she told us we weren't allowed to use the $10 dollars off. With a $60 dollar bill, every little bit counts. 

The coupon on here should really have specified on there if it is for the second entry to this location.
I don't know how I keep ending up at this place.

I went to lunch there on a Sunday a few months ago with three friends. There was only one server for the whole restaurant and she was rude, inattentive, and unapologetic. We all ordered food and drinks at the same time and after about 35 minutes all of us got our food except for one. He kept waiting as we ended up finishing our meals without him. When we were finally able to flag down our server we told her that she had never brought our friend his drink OR his food. She stared at us like she didn't understand why this was a problem and then rolled her eyes and asked him what he wanted. She then charged us full price for the meal after not even apologizing.

The second time I went for lunch was also on a Sunday this past weekend. Assuming that we had just experienced an off day, I gave it another try. Our food eventually arrived but the service was terrible. Again there was only one server for the whole place and she somehow seemed bored and frazzled at the same time. Our food and drinks took such a long time and she forgot part of the order but still charged us for it. We all asked for water and she brought us a pitcher with a few cups but not enough for everyone. When we told her there weren't enough cups she looked at us and said "well, I didn't know" which doesn't even make sense.

The food is not worth the horrible service. 

I am giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 because it's in a really good location and the nightlife scene there is pretty good. They have decent drinks and board games/giant Jenga.
Worst service I've ever had in the city. We went here after the old city festival on Oct. 11th,  just to have a bite to eat before heading back home. We were the 3rd table to be seated, and the place was pretty empty. It took about 20 minutes for a waitress to even notice we were there, and at that time, I had grabbed our own menus from the hostess stand, which no one was standing at. 

After another 15 minutes, our waitress came to take drink orders. The specials were pretty great including $2 bud lights, however, another 20 min later we actually received them. We were at this restaurant for 1 hour and 30 min and still had received no food nor explanation, when finally I flagged down a manager. 

To cut to the chase, he did nothing but give us a few bud lights and apologize....not to mention when we did receive our food it was horrible. If you're looking for a decent meal in old city, I would NOT recommend eating here.
In Philadelphia for a short stay, but stopped into this bar for a couple drinks. The AC was nice and cold and Taylor was an amazing woman behind the bar. We had a blast and loved the variety of IPAs and moonshine mixes offered. This place definitely takes me back to my Kentucky roots. I'll be back next week!!! Keep it going!
Taylor the bartender is super sweet but also suggested a great moonshine. Apple pie. Not too sweet!  I went during happy hour and you get a beer (any craft of your choice and a shot of moonshine for $5)  This is a pretty sweet deal that will attract some people who are skeptical of this spot as the last place was way lame.  

There's a cool vibe in here and we were told the moonshine is actually made in Tennessee and shipped up so it's the real deal.  I didn't eat here so I will come back to review when I have.  

Good vibe, great for old city, and something DIFFERENT!
Let me start this off by saying I came here on a Saturday night for a pub crawl for Halloween.  That being said, my girlfriend and I expected this bar to be the highlight--nay, the crowning jewel-- in our 20+ bars to crawl to. We were unpleasantly, dreadfully, appallingly disappointed.

I didn't mind the long wait for drinks or ridiculously jampacked masses of people, I didn't even mind all the stickiness from the liquor on the floor as if Princess Lolly just got plowed out by Mr. Mint from Candyland. In fact, I welcomed it, I expected it like I expect hot sauce on my chicken. What I also expect after paying to be part of a bar crawl in which your fine establishment was listed as being part of a bar crawl is, reduced drink prices. Since this is the whole point of paying to be part of a bar crawl. On our trusty pamphlets, it stated that some beer, Kraken Rum and some vodka(might of been 3olives. Idk) are reduced priced cocktails. Well, the lovely bartender who was dressed as Beetlejuice was not having it. Apparently, the pamphlet in my back pocket and florescent green wristbands was not enough empirical evidence to structure an argument towards cheaper cocktails. She just argued and looked at me with an empty expression. It was at this point I realized that she was a special kind of stupid. The kind you find on a corner pandering for an extra chromosome. Instead of giving her the chance to sink me any further to her level of stupidity and beat me to death with it, we left.

For future reference, if you want to have your establishment listed on a bar crawl and reap the benefit of that publicity, you have to partake in the rules of that crawl. If you ran out of liquor,  you state that. If you make up your own list of reduced beers or cocktails, you state that to your patrons. Commonwealth, which was right down the road, printed out their own list of drinks and handed it out to everyone as they came in. They communicated, why can't you? It is your job to communicate to the people who keep you in business. Or is this just a problem with one employee?  Either way, it's a hallmark sign of terrible management.

I'm sorry for a lengthy underqualified opinion. I may just want some closure to a very tiny traumatic experience.
Food wasn't very warm. There was dust and dirt in my water and the staff attempted to blame it on me. Not a fun night for my friends and I. Not to mention the drink prices are very overpriced. Would not visit again.
The atmosphere was cool and the crowd was mixed. I was digging the mini bars they had set up throughout the place with different beers and pouch drinks in ice. We was too late to get food, but next time will be a different story! The drinks weren't strong, but they sure as hell were priced like they should've been! The music was ok, and I was told that there was usually a better DJ on deck. There was a nice amount of room to dance and people were doing just that! This DJ just wasn't doing it for me. The music started getting better closer to the time we were getting ready to leave but we kept it moving. We'll be back though!
I went here for dinner on a Friday night and was pleasantly surprised, we'll almost. The staff was cordial and the atmosphere was laid back. I enjoyed the actual barrels that lined the walls, as if they were actually barrels of moonshine. 

For an appetizer, the cheesesteak eggroll was pretty good. It was served with a spicy ketchup & cheese sauce. Enjoyed the ketchup, but the cheese sauce was too bland. For my entree I had the ribs. The ribs melted in my mouth. The portion sizes was huge.  The menu said the ribs came with coleslaw buy it had to ask the server to bring my coleslaw out as it wasn't served on the plate.

The coleslaw tasted like cabbage mixed straight with mayonnaise & nothing else. The coleslaw was disappointing to say the least. The fries were good and served plentiful. This was a cool place to try, yet I don't see myself returning here.
Was there for 30 mins and the bartender didn't even take my order/serve me. There was hardly anyone else at the bar. I tried several times, but she just ignored me and sweved everyone else it seemed. So I left. I've been here several times and this wasn't the first time.
Since I originally tried moonshine at JJ Bootleggers in Nashville, I had this place on my list of restaurants to try. Well, I finally visited it a few weeks ago and I'm glad I did. We went on a Wednesday and it was pretty empty unlike other evenings when it appears packed. We started off with Watermelon moonshine which was priced as a triple shot deal. It was the most reasonable way to get your money's worth. I had a Raspberry Margarita which was also reasonably priced. For food, I ordered the Shrimp tacos and we shared chips and queso with a side of guacamole. 

Our waitress was attentive and had everything brought out within a timely manner. The food also exceeded my expectations and tasted fresh and delicious. 

So you're probably wondering why I gave 3 stars. Well, since we happened to be the only ones in the restaurant, everything was more noticeable and looking far off into the distance towards the kitchen, I saw a mouse scurry across the floor. 

Considering we hadn't received our food yet, I started to feel a little uncomfortable at this point and I think the waitress noticed the shocked look on my face because she came right over. I didn't want to cause a scene and just left the situation alone. 

Having worked in the restaurant industry for years, I understand that rodents can be a common issue, but if it hasn't been looked into, it should be looked into right away!! 

Aside from this one uncomfortable aspect, my restaurant experience was good. I plan to return in a few months for food and drinks and hope the issue has been resolved by then!
Went in on a dead Wednesday night. It took an hour to make a couple of burgers and a salad. They gave me the wrong order. The salad came out 15 minutes after the rest of the food. The waitress was unfriendly and unapologetic the entire time. I will not go here again.
this bar thinks it's a new york city night club. $60 for four green tea shots? are you actually kidding? i work at a bar around the corner where we charge $5 for a green tea shot. furthermore, we only autograt (add an automatic 20% tip) to parties of 6 or more. when i closed out for 4 green tea shots for me and my friends, i was appalled at our $60 tab. i noticed it was autogratted, even though there were four of us, and we only got 4 shots total. female bartender with glasses was incredibly cold and told us to "leave if we didn't like it". amazed their staff is allowed to speak to customers that way. as someone who works in the service industry, it's rare i write a negative review. hope they figure this out and i cannot un-recommend this place enough.
Popped in here for a nightcap while in the area. The one bartender was having a hard time keeping up with the demand, but she managed.

The music was great and it was starting to get going about the time we left. Would have stayed longer if we weren't tailgating the next morning.
JJ Bootleggers has been one of my favorite places to go on a Friday night, for an Eagles game, and even a Sunday Brunch. The staff is friendly and helpful. I have never had a bad experience. Try the Rootbeer Moonshine - it is a must!

My first visit to JJ Bootleggers was pre-pandemic for an Eagles Game viewing buffet situation. Friends and I bought tickets for $25 and it included food and drinks for the entirety of the game. The turnout was low for this, so the owner Mark explained that instead of setting up the whole buffet and wasting food, we could order anything we wanted off the menu. No limit on quantity or selection. We were very pleased with that alternative. Some food highlights include the wings and the mac and cheese. 

After this great first visit, I started to frequent JJ Bootleggers for their Friday Night Karaoke. So much fun! Their bottomless brunch is always a highlight. 

I know that right now they are working on re-opening. Some friends and I got a table outside their first Saturday open after their long closure during the pandemic. We were so happy to see so many of the familiar faces back serving. The service was exactly as we remembered. We were sad that the kitchen was not open yet, but we were able to get food through our waitress from a neighboring restaurant and it was delicious.
Phenomenal! Day drinks with my best friend! The Bartender Daria, blends moonshine into a smooth and rich concoction that lifts you off your feet and gets you ready for the evening!
As much as I'd love to say I enjoy this place, I can't. Our waitress messed up our whole order - for three of us. We ordered a wings appetizer, and three entrees. All of the entrees were wrong. Our server was apathetic, and the manager didn't seem to care either. He literally made a joke about sleeping in his office, and offered us some free shots as compensation for a 40 minute wait for our appetizers. I'm a server, and so is the person I dined with. We expressed that we're more understanding than most, but we still didn't get the service we desired. I probably won't come here again.
Slow service, weak drinks,
And no air conditioning.
I vote you skip it
The food and drinks we're awesome, and I love the vibe of the place, but the service was subpar at best. Took us forever to get our food and drinks, but when my burger and our apps came out it really was good. Not sure if they're understaffed or have a completely incompetent waitstaff, though. Also extremely expensive. Probably won't go back.

If you do go, though, grab a moonshine milkshake. Might take forever, but when it comes, it's worth it.
$4 phillys, $2 beer, awesome drinks, and an amazing bartender named Susie who will kick your a$$ in connect 4 (I let her win)
Stopped here with my girlfriend and her cousin before going to a concert.  We didn't eat anything just had some drinks.  My girlfriend had a moonshine margarita.  It was good, and because it was happy hour it was only $5.  Her cousin and I took advantage of the $2 bud light special.  Not a fan of bud light but it was a good deal and knew I'd be paying $12 for beers at the concert.  We will stop in again next time we are in the area.
Nice spot to get a drink especially during the calm nights of the week (not Friday Saturday and Sunday). Taylor is a super cool server and there is great service here. Definitely coming back too see how the weekends are.
Tried this place two days in a row... In Philly for the sweet sixteen tournament and a concert... Drinks are ridiculously overpriced, $23 for two HOUSE vodka red bull... Zero vodka.... will not be back, which is a shame. Great place to watch ball.
Simply put: stay away, many better options. It's a shame because the food was good but the place was WAY UNDERSTAFFED! there weren't any papertowles in the bathroom. The place sorta scared me- the cleanliness. Go else where. They tried.
It's ok. I've only been here on st paddy's day so maybe I need to come back when it's not packed.
Went in because it is in my neighborhood and had a Monday special.

The mac and cheese was pretty delicious and creamy but the wait staff (particularly the bartender) was rude and unaccommodating. She also charged us for two specials rather than one (glad my friend noticed on the bill) and was rude when we brought it up trying to defend the double charge.

Also, it is never busy when I walk past in peak dinner or lunch hours so that is a clear indication that they aren't really keeping customers or bringing in new ones, I assume because of the customer service. I wouldn't recommend and probably will not be going back anytime soon.
Awesome Carmel Apple moonshine! The pricing is typical for philly. We ordered wings and fries as appetizers too. It wasn't bad for bar food. Would recommend to stop in for a drink!
JJ Bootleggers - Score: 11

Burger Quality: 2
Bun: 2
Fries: 3
Extras:  2
Value: 2

2 Sentence Review: Great décor, location and atmosphere.  The burger however, was mangled and uneventful...my bourbon on the rocks was served in a large shot glass, which made me sad.
 
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)
I don't typically give out one star, ever, but this place was awful. Ordered an old fashioned and it was made wrong. Ordered 6 shots and watched the bartender pour straight from the bottle (with no pourer and didn't use a jigger) into the shaker which was full of ice. I didn't order them chilled. I told my friend she wasn't going to have enough, because I'm a bartender and could see she didn't put enough tequila in. She came up half a shot short. Instead of putting more tequila in I watched her try to shake the rest of the ice into water to fill it. It wouldn't work so she went to get the bottle. I told her when she came back, "listen, I didn't order them chilled so for the next round don't chill them, it's much less alcohol when you shake it with ice", she replies "I measured 6 shots with this (shows me a jigger)". I smiled at her lie and said "ok, well I'm a bartender and I know it waters it down so just don't chill them next time". She tells me it's $60 for 6 shots of 1800, which is expensive for mediocre tequila, and we drink our half water shots. The place was pretty dead for a Saturday night. As soon as it hits 2am everyone is practically thrown out and the bartender refused to serve anything else. As my friend is trying to order one last drink, a man that was sitting alone at the bar punches her in the arm in a "hey buddy" sort of way. A man punched my friend in the arm....wtf. I tell a guy behind the bar what happened and he tells the guy he has to leave but then let's him stay, without so much as an apology. Pretty sure that place is on it's last leg. What kind of bad hires bartenders that can't even serve shots correctly?
Awesome old time style bar with great moonshine style drinks! I had the lightning burger and the corn n' coke drink. Both awesome. Service could have been better, but can't complain for a Wednesday.  Will return!

I had the yelp $10 discount so the owner had to see it.  He asked how the drinks were, and I said that the corn' coke could be stronger. He came back with a jar of whiskey and gave me a free shot! 105 proof!  

He had the bartender make me extra strong drinks for the rest of the night. Overall awesome place !
Food and drinks were fine but the service left a lot to be desired. I can understand if a place is busy but we waited long periods of time while our server sat in the back of the restaurant staring at her phone.  I tried several times in vain to get her attention. When she finally came over when we were nearly done eating and we alerted her my husband was missing a side from his meal she just said "ok" with nothing resembling an apology. Seemed like she did not care about her job at all. 

Also, the appetizer took a long time to arrive, there was no toilet paper in the restroom and the giant jenga games make a deafening noise when people repeatedly lose the game. If you're looking for mediocre food, bad service and an annoying atmosphere, definitely check this place out.
WAAAAAAH! They don't sell the cool little mason jars with the bars name on em! Real bummer! 

Besides that, this place was spacious, and nice. The bartenders were aware and attentive! Not a single complaint.... Except for the fact that they didn't sell those cool little mason jars!!!! Dangit!
Not impressed. Our group of 6 went to the back bar on Saturday night. We ordered a few beers and all of them were skunked. That on top of our bartender's sour demeanor made us all want to leave.
Cool sports bar. Good drink specials. Great Yelp check in special. ($10 of $30 purchase) lots of moonshine to choose from. Lots of TVs not to loud even when crowded. Looking forward to going back.
In Philly Friday night for a convention and dropped by with our group after dinner for some Karaoke.  Place has very nice decor and "connect four" table games along with jenga for you to pass the time while getting your drink on.  Karaoke did not start until like 10:30pm which I think is a bit late especially if you only have karaoke 1 night a week... but it had a good crowd and the sound was good.  Drinks were a bit pricey but we had a good time.  They had a Yelp $10 off for spending $30 check-in which I showed the waitress when we first sat down.  She conveniently forgot about it later and we spent WAY more than $30... ($200+ at least for the table) After I got the check, I asked about the $10 off and her response was "I'm sorry, I already rang you up" and I already added the 20% auto gratuity to your bill so, I have no incentive to honor the Yelp check-in. The karaoke is 4 stars by itself for inquiring karaoke fans PLUS it is non smoking.
Nice. We came here and watched part of an NFL playoff game, had wings and fries (my hub's favorite combination) and shrimp tacos. I wasn't sure about the tacos at first but the mixture of flavors surprisingly worked! The fries had a touch of sweetness and they give you this tangy sauce with them that makes them really good; plus the bread pudding was great. I thought it was going to be dry but it was moist inside. We will give this a try if for some reason we're in the area again. Also, they honored the $10 discount for our Yelp check-in and our waitress was super sweet.
My review is solely based off of drinks here as I did not eat at this restaurant because we had already eaten somewhere else. 

Came here one night while in town for work and all in all, I like this place. The staff was extremely pleasant when we came in and was very attentive all night. The place specializes in moonshine so they have a lot of moonshine drink options. I have no experience with moonshine but after trying it, the drinks were pretty good. 

If back in this area, I would certainly come back simply based on the hospitality on the staff.
Tried the cheese steak & fries special very solid & yummy only $5 bucks too 
Pretty lady bartender on 4/20 afternoon shift was most engagingly pleasant  & professional.
Place is huge and very nice ..a real bar counter on steroids ..
Thank u so much !
first time in Philadelphia. They have a good selection of moonshine drinks, and a great happy hour. Nicole, was friendly, helpful, and extremely attentive...even when the bar was busy. Would definitely come back next time I am in town.
The food here was amazing and they dont skimp on the quantity. Delicious and ill be back to try their old city fries. 

Appetizers are about $10.
Entrees are between $12 - $15 with some $20+ outliers

Moonshine milkshakes exist but we didnt try them.

The only reason this gets 4 instead of 5 stars is because the music was so loud. We had a party of 12 people and we couldnt talk to each other. 

The wait staff did turn it down when we asked, but we had to ask 3 times in 3.5 hours. 

It put a real damper on the night... since this was a goodbye party for a service member going overseas. We wanted to talk!
I bought a groupon for the purpose of getting some food to take home.  The fine print DID NOT say it couldn't be used for takeout.  The blond woman at the bar said she would get in trouble if she allowed me to use it for takeout, so I said I could eat in and just take the rest home.  She said "I can't just let you take 2 bites and then have to box up whole meals to go."  I said my only other option was to get a refund and she just shrugged her shoulders and repeated that she'd get in trouble.  Horrible customer service and they lost not only that order but a potential future customer. I ordered a refund.
So let me say I went last night for a "moonshine" tasting.  Well let's say the moonshine tasting was one shot of moonshine and unlimited bud lite I think it was.  Let's just say glad I didn't have to pay for this event. My question to this establishment is why not hire more staff for special events. If you get the same exact review about sucky service when events are going on? We got 2 beers and ordered the 10.00 all you can eat Tacos. ..yeah we waited about 30 minutes for our refill of tacos and 30 mins for our refill of beer. It's like they don't know how to handle large crowds... on and to top it off my waitress gives us one  bill which I go to pay but come back to see my card was charged an extra 53.00 due to the waitress I guess not paying attention. She fixed the problem  it shouldn't have been an issue to begin with.  I will give it another chance when it's not so crowded to see how it is. 

Oh also we ordered wings they weren't cooked to our liking our waitress came out and said she can take them back..needless to say THEY NEVER CAME BACK out once they were dropped or reordered..
It started out just fine. We sat at the bar and were immediately greeted by a friendly lady who made our drinks and gave us menus.  However, when the regular bartender returned from wherever she was,  we didn't receive any more service as she spent the next 30 minutes talking or flirting with the one other customer at the bar.  I can't comment on the food since we couldn't order. We flagged her down,  paid $19.00 for two drinks and left to eat elsewhere. We won't be back next time we're in town as service doesn't seem to be a priority here.
I would give no stars if that was an option. This is a review for lunch. They advertise a "lightning lunch". Not sure why it's called that, since it took an hour for it to come out. I'm not even certain the burger was real meat, and if it was it was an insult to the cow. Underdone fries. Now we know why there were only two tables there for lunch. Something was obviously very wrong in the kitchen that day, but even so the quality of the food was terrible.
Stopped in for drinks and snacks.  Good service and beautiful decor.  The music was good too.  The moonshine is smooth and packs a punch.  The honey wings were good but the blue cheese was way too thick.  Stop in for at least one drink and you might stay for more.
I stopped by JJ Bootleggers yesterday and overall the experience was horrible.  Service was horrendous and food was very sub par.  Being that the bar is a sports bar and it was football sunday, the atmosphere was also dead.  The table next to us was even told that the kitchen was closed and they were allowed to bring outside pizza into the restaurant.  I never plan on going back and I would never suggest this bar/restaurant to anyone.
I really feel sorry for these ladies, the manager has a serious Napoleon complex and is beyond rude in the things he says. His humor made me uncomfortable so I can only imagine how he is with employees.
I went here a while ago for the All You Can Eat crab legs on a Wednesday night. The place was VERY empty, no more than one other table seated the whole time I was there. The old bay fries were very good and the bartender was very nice. However, the crab legs were just ehhhh. Not terrible, but definitely weird. They were definitely boiled, and not steamed as liquid flew out of them with each crack and flowed on to the plate. And that liquid appeared to be mostly beer, and onions too??? lol Even the butter wasn't just butter, but tasted as if it had beer or moonshine in it, and was  really salty as well. It was all just too overwhelming for crab legs. 

It's a moonshine bar so I get the specialty drinks all have moonshine in them.  But even gin bars and rum bars I've visited have had a couple drinks made with other liquors on their cocktail menu, JJ Bootleggers did not. I sampled the "margarita" which the menu said they use fresh lime juice, however it did not taste like such at all. Wasn't bad overall, just tasted like a mix was used. 

Overall, I'd say it was ok. I'd probably go back as it wasn't terrible, but I'm certainly in no rush.
Well we came in here after the Phillies debacle of being on the bad end of a no hitter. Damn you Dodgers , so you figure you want something that has some octane to it to cure the no hitter blues. Moonshine shots, moonshine concoctions, and more shots was the cure to this ailment. 

So as we were getting our necessary shots, we happen to peruse the menu to fill a void. I feel in my opinion ordering from the appetizer section is a great way to go at it.  This gives you an option to order more than one item where you can pick at things see what works and what doesn't.   

Our appetizers dishes we had selected were:

Stuffed squash~ This was stuffed  with shredded brisket , which was pretty damn good. I suggest giving this a try, you'll be impressed by it. 

Wings~ There were a few versions to go with , we chose to go with "White Lightning" as our flavor. The wings were good in size , it was suppose to be somewhat spicy but never had that kick we were looking for.  

Tater Tots~ At first when you they come out they are not your average sized tator tot. It is a deep fried mashed potato ball  with cheese and bacon (not enough bacon) with a house dipping sauce. These were pretty good, I'd most likely order these again.  

Bootleggers still being somewhat new has some kinks it needs to iron out. The staff is on point  though, making sure you're fully accommodated. The decor of this establishment has a southern Tennessean type of swagger to it.  Little odd I thought that  there wasn't a whole lot of country music being played, being a "Good Ole Boy " types of places. 

Our waitress Gina was there, very attentive, making sure we were comfortable. We also met the manager Patty who came to our table seeing we were a lively bunch, harping about the woes of the Phillies.  Then there was Bruce, the kitchen chef, the "Don Juan" of the grill, who was wheeling and dealing great meals in that kitchen. He too came out to see if we were enjoying ourselves, if we had any questions or comments. 

Myself I think that makes or breaks an establishment when the staff comes and interacts with the patrons. They enjoyed our company they brought us out a complimentary Upside Pinapple Cake. Which by the way is a must order, rich in flavor, and sweet enough to make you do a shimmy. 

In all I, or we I should say enjoyed our time in here. I'd come back in again, now go in for yourself and get you a shot of Apple Pie moonshine!
This is a nice bar in a prime Old City location. The decor looks much better than it did back when it was a Red Zone. The decor matches the bootlegger theme. There are nice Happy Hour drink discounts. I started off with a good cocktail called a Corn & Coke. The food is good, but left room for improvement. Started off with the cheesesteak eggrolls, which are served with a spicy ketchup and a cheese sauce. It's a good take on one of my favorite appetizers, but they were overcooked. For entrees, my girlfriend had the full rack of ribs with fries. The ribs were tasty and it's enough for a 2nd meal at home the next day. I had the meatloaf and mashed potatoes. The meatloaf was a good, seemingly homemade meatloaf, but it was overcooked. The place wasn't crowded, so I don't know what the chef's excuse could be for overcooking two items of our meal. 

I might give JJ Bootleggers another try during happy hour, since it's possible the chef simply had a bad day and my food would be cooked perfectly next time. And the service is very good. The potential is there for a very successful bar addition to my Old City neighborhood.
First time in Philadelphia and stumbled across JJ Bootleggers and was not disappointed in the last!! Staff are super friendly and the food was totally on point!! Kitchen was a little slow but there was "Connect Four" at our table to keep us occupied.  Not sure why this place isn't rated higher, but I'll be back if I return to Philly.  Definitely recommend.
Saw a groupon and came here for lunch around noon on a Monday, was totally empty, just a patron sitting at the bar. My review is based mainly on food because we only ordered beer and food, not the moonshine cocktails. I ordered the mashed tots appetizer and it wasn't what I expected at all, it's fried balls of mashed potatoes with bacon bits inside. They were eh. We also ordered the fish tacos which were very tasty, and the cheesesteak wonton bites were good. The mac and cheese was excellent, very creamy with a nice spice. The waitress was alone but she wasn't overly warm and friendly, just ok. Someone I was with accidentally spilled her water and we told the waitress and she just smiled and said ok. 10 min later a man comes to clean it up, and she didn't bring another water until way after that. The beer was fine, nothing wrong with the Yards pale and the Victory Golden Monkey on tap. The bathroom didn't seem that clean and the garbage was full (weird for just opening at noon.) There's also a few games scattered around like jenga and connect 4, which is pretty neat to pass time when waiting. I don't think I'd return here to eat.
As soon as you come in, you feel you are transported to another time and place. You are transported to the oldin days. The hostess was very nice, friendly and knowledgable. The decor is awesome. What a great find. Moonshine is the main component in mostly everything. How intriguing. I came in during happy hour. Great specials: drinks were $5 wings $6 and pierogies $8. The food was amazing. I had two drinks, the Moonshine margarita and the Smokey mountain sunrise. They were both great. I ordered the asian chicken wings, the fried mashed tots, and the pierogies. Omg deliciousness. 5 stars for food, hospitality and decor. Amazing place. If you are in Philly and in the Old City area definitely stop in.
Alex is the best :) mac and cheese is really good. Karaoke on Friday nights is fun. Super long cocktail list. Bottomless mimosas for brunch, $20 :) love it
A group of 10+ went here for one of our many stops on a Halloween Pub Crawl and our experience was horrible! Yes, I understand that it is Halloween and the bars get packed, but that is no excuse for the poor service and attitude problems from the bar staff.  We waited way over 30+ minutes for our drinks to be refilled.  Other customers around us also complained about the wait.  A gentleman in my group asked for a Kamakiza shot and the bartender dressed as a Cheetah came back and said she didn't know how to make it.  I over heard this and as a bartender myself I quickly gave her the ingredients.  The drinks still came back wrong. Finally when we got the attention of "Super Woman" bartender to order food, she rang us up and made me pay for our food before we even received it.  What kind of service is that? Why pay for a product you haven't even received yet? I could understand taking a credit card to have to keep a running check, but instead I was cashed out.  She then came back with a smart remark and said "Where do you bartend?".  I replied with no where around here, I live hours away and she replied by saying "Oh well that's why we do things differently here.". By differently did she mean that they will hire anyone with no experience necessary? I still tipped well because I know the industry very well, but I think this bar needs to train there bar staff and some of them need to take a etiquette/manners course. 

The two things I have to say good about the place is, that the gentleman occassionally behind the bar (he may have been a manager) was really friendly and got us to try a yummy flight of moonshine.  I recommend trying the pumpkin moonshine if you MUST go there for some reason.
This was the worst dinner experience I have ever had.  Our waiter would constantly ignore my friends and I as he was busy with other tables.   The food took a very long time to come out and it was only so-so.   They failed to split our check correctly and charged me more than they should have.  I will not be returning.
I always try to give places two chances in case it's an off night and I can say this place sucks. The first time I went here my friend and I waited an HOUR for two salads.(it wasn't busy either) The manager did apologize. Then once we got our salads my friends salad had a bunch of egg shells in it. The manger did come apologize again. 
The second time I came here the service was awful. The bartender was more concerned with talking to her boyfriend. When I was ready to pay I waited 15 mins for the bartender and her boyfriend to come back to the bar.
Food was great! The low review was due to the fact this restaurant is a Yelp participant of the coupon advertised. However, the bar maid stated that I could only use the $10 off $30 the next time I dined in. The coupon is advertised if you check in you receive the discount. Any other restaurant who had this advertisement applied it to my current bull. Poor service on their end.
Drinks are pricey and not that strong... Food could be better also. However the free karaoke was the best!! The set up in non-intimidating and theirs plenty of room in the venue. As long as you stick to $2 draft beer special on Fridays you can have a good time without breaking the bank. No blended drinks either (my preference). I'm sure I'll go back for the karaoke though.
Going to this bar was a bit of a last resort. We went in and found a table and sat down. It was a really busy Saturday night so I was happy to find a table. After about 7 minutes of waiting and checking on the menu, I believe a head waiter came by and asked if we were being helped. We told him no and he went to go get a server for us. 10 minutes passed and nobody came.

We then went to a bar and got 2 Moonshine Mojitos which were good. Afterwards we sat at a different table and a server came to us and took care of us. The service was overall ok but it was a packed night so I understand they had a lot going on. After we got a server to help us, the rest of the night went ok.

AMBIANCE: The theme of the bar is pretty cool, moonshine themed. I liked that they had an extensive drink menu featuring moonshine in all the drinks. I also like the different games they had available at certain tables. That was a fun thing to add to the bar. The DJ was playing decent music for me. He was playing to the crowd but it really wasn't my kind of crowd to begin with.

FOOD: I had the sweet BBQ wings (I forgot the actual name) but they were ok. The meat wasn't really seasoned , it was just plain wings tossed in a sauce. The sauce was good but I wish the chicken itself was seasoned too.

DRINKS: The Moomshine Mojitos were ok. I had 2 total, I would like to try their other drinks.
I would leave a less than one star if at all possible.....awful on several levels!!! We stopped at Bootleggers after the Old City festival...looking for an outside seating restaurant for a quick bite. We ordered a flight of moonshine and the waitress brought the shot glasses stacked in each other. Not the cleanest way to serve a drink as I'm sure the shots were poured in a bar being touched by a hundred people. Out waitress brought the rest of our drinks in plastic cups...also small thing but...We ordered their fries listed smothered in. 4 cheeses and gravy, we received a tray of fries with a sprinkle of cheese and some gloppy Brown gravy. My cheesteak was pretty good but my daughter ordered the buffalo chicken egg rolls which were inedible. The saving grace was wonderful Doreen. She was awesome, assessed all our concerns and thanked us for letting her know about our dismal experience. Dorren, you set a high bar for customer service and hopefully the cooks and our original server learn from your example! I will NEVER eat here again. We were still hungry and ate at the Continental down the street.
This is one of the more talked-about newer venues in the city so I was excited to try it out a few weeks ago with friends. After some initial navigational issues (the Yelp star is on the wrong block, although the address is correct), we made it over to the bar and eagerly awaited our moonshine. 

The moonshine drinks were served in Mason jars (typical), but they seemed like excuses to be called moonshine cocktails instead of drinks built around the stuff (margaritas don't call moonshine to mind). The rest of the drinks list was all right, and the bar food was also okay. The chicken sandwich looked a bit bland, and I was initially excited by the tater tots until I discovered that they were fried mashed potatoes with some bacon bits included (I was expecting true tots here).

I was expecting a country type bar, with maybe a little bit of a modern twist (given the vibe), but I was a little confused by the end of the night because this place was contradictory. Case in point: at first, the music being played was perfect-- all 70s country rock and a little bit of Bon Jovi-type stuff thrown in. As the night went on, the music became more and more EDM and much faster-paced than you would expect or want at a country-type bar. Maybe they were catering to the younger crowd, but it really did their image no favors. 

But as it doesn't seem to have found its true identity yet, I would be willing to return in a few months to see if some of the kinks have worked themselves out.
JJ Bootleggers is my favorite bar until I experienced karaoke night. The DJ in quote said "your karaoke songs aren't worth our time"
Only stopped in for a drink. Service was terrible- how that's possible when you sit at the bar is beyond me. The bartenders were very uninterested in serving. They were talking to each other and looking at their phones. Zero smile or personality. We planned on staying but left after one drink. Prices were pretty good considering downtown. Doubt I'd stop back in to this place when there's many choices.
The bar is actually kinda cool as far as the layout and being a good place to hang out. The service was a bit of a hit and miss. Quick with service, not so accommodating. I ordered a drink before happy hour and paid full price, which is normal. I ordered the same drink after happy hour started and did not get the happy hour price. Not sure if I misunderstood or was given bad information. When our party wanted to pay separately, we were told we couldn't and got a little bit of attitude from the waitress for asking and even when when we did pay. Their drinks were good.
This was our first time here, we had just missed the unlimited mimosa ad bloody Mary's but we came in anyway. Bartenders were very attentive, food came out promptly and was very good. Although we did send the fries back the other ppl that ordered them around us weren't satisfied but the crab Mac and cheese surely made up for that. It was super cheesy and the crab was seasoned perfectly! We definitely will come back to try the brunch in the future!
This place is just super weird. 

We stopped in here on a Saturday night. I had a little bit of a buzz going already, so it's surprising at how aware I was of how crappy it was. First of all, it's decorated as an old-timey bar, which it should be, considering their focus here is moonshine. Despite the ambiance the decor was providing, they were BLASTING EDM. All remixes of 80s/90s tunes. I mean, we had to yell to each other over the music. We all just kept saying, "I DON'T GET IT!" I found myself wishing that they would switch to country/bluegrass and redeem themselves.

I ordered the peach tea (moonshine, peach schnapps, iced tea). It was okay, but pretty sweet. Like sickeningly sweet. I'm pretty sure the moonshine was lacking, as well. I got the tater tots as an app, which were supposed to come loaded with bacon and cheese and chives. What got plopped down in front of me was.. tiny potatoes with a dipping sauce. Turns out their tots are mashed potatoes (with bacon few and far between) rolled in panko and fried. Never have I been so sad.

I got the fried chicken sandwich as my entree and the chicken was tasteless. I did like the horseradish sauce that came on the sandwich, but wasn't it supposed to come with a mustard sauce? It was also served with shoestring fries (like the ones you get at McD's). Please, PLEASE start cutting your own fries. Potato cutters are not expensive and it makes a world of difference. 

I had high hopes for this place but they all went out the window.
This was one of the stops on a Grim Philly Pub tour!
If you are into Moonshine you MUST check this place out.
I have never seen such a selection of moonshine before.
This bar is very large with ample seating and TV's just about everywhere!

They served us complimentary wings (they have different varieties) and some fried mashed potato things  both of which were good!  I also sampled the apple moonshine!  It is way too strong for me but if you're into moonshine you're bound to like this stuff.
My favorite neighborhood bar! Great food & moonshine !
The bartenders are friendly and always remember me when I come in . One day me and my husband went for brunch , sat at the bar and I had my service dog with me .  Sometimes places always have some snarky comment about a service dog. Not one employee said a thing except how cute my dog is and then the one bartender asked if she could pet her. She came around and said hi to my service dog and gave her a few pets on the head then I watched her go wash her hands right away ! That was a relieving feeling just to know that she remembered to wash her hand right away like that. Whenever we bring our service dog into a bar/restaurant we keep her in a dog stroller ! Cheesesteak egg rolls are my favorite, buffalo chicken egg rolls are great too !
Just walked in the unlocked door to have lunch. VERY unfriendly face behind the bar just stared at us. We asked if they were open. No. We asked when they open. 12. (It was 11:45) Felt like an interrogation with a hostile witness masquerading as a hostess. This is the SECOND time we had this sort of greeting. Too many good restaurants on this block to bother returning. Management, take note!!
We went in for the Eagles game last Sunday, it wasn't very busy which was nice and we got a table. The service was very slow throughout the entire time we were there. We had to order two buckets of beer at a time just so we wouldn't run out because we barely saw our waitress. 

The food was also very slow coming out. We only ordered the old city fries and chips and salsa. 

The food was fine, but the fries did not come out as they were described and as I'd seen in the picture. 
There was no topping they were pretty much just plain fries and we were charged. 

There were several Tables of people who were over drinking and did not appear they were stopped being served or asked to leave. There were girls in and out of the bathroom throwing up the entire time we were there. No one appeared to be doing anything about it.
Giving four stars mainly for the diverse drink menu and large jenga sets for people to play with while waiting. The food is very typical bar food. My friend and I shared the cheesesteak, mac and cheese, and Brussels sprouts. All were good but nothing special. The restaurant is large so it wasn't crowded. The Jenga sets and lack of a line to play the game really made the experience, compared to your typical beer garden experience.
I really wanted to like this place. It has a cute cowboy concept and is really nice inside. The 4.00 cheese steak lunch special drew me in. I ordered fries with it because the server didn't tell me they already came with them. Then I waited 45 minutes for a cheese steak and mind you it wasn't crowded. Finally I told her just box it up to go and when I got back to work I have a cheese steak with onions in it, after I specially told her no onions and 8.00 gravy fries that were totally disgusting. I couldn't even eat any of it. Definitely do not recommend it.
If you want the nostalgia of iTunes' 30 second previews this is your place. DJs want you drinking so they'll convince you to get drunk and feel that 2014 energy, and if not, WASHED OUT FRAT BROS ARE THERE TO SLIP YOU WITH ROOFIES. They won't even make a move on you, just leave you with your friends puking the rest of the night while they either fight the bouncers or themselves. See picture for reference, Make sure you watch your drink, never know what may happen when listening to the constant voiceover from the owners son aka the DJ. What a fantastic way to spend a night and show off the spirit of Philadelphia. Please play Dreams and Nightmares a 5th time tonight.
I came in for lunch. The bartender, Carly, has the perfect recommendation for a drink. If you like moonshine, there is plenty of options. Beer on tap but definitely good choice for a variety of cocktails. 
For lunch, I had the chicken breast sandwich   It's made with corn flakes which brings great texture and crunch. The chicken was moist and not dry at all. It's was advertised  with horseradish mayo. Order extra on the side for dipping or more flavor.  The lunch menu  is really a great value. 
The wings are really nice. Moist and flavorful.  Cooked well. 
Really a nice place to stop by.
Stopped here on a whim as their $5 cheesesteak sign caught my attention. Loving Philly cheesesteaks like I do made me want to try theirs. The cheesesteak special is for a half cheesesteak not a whole as they lead you to believe and they charge $2 more for fries. Not a huge deal ... but the sign is a bit misleading. The cheesesteak was actually pretty good and the fries were amazing even though it was only half a sandwich, it was a large portion. 2 people could have shared the fries ... huge portion. The place specializes in moonshine drinks but also has a full bar so you can order whatever you'd like. The waitress was very attentive and friendly and the service was decent. The food was made quickly and taste was very good. It's loud as they played a lot of rock n roll music. I enjoyed it. I would definitely return again for at least the special.  Definitely worth it.
