Worst management and ownership I have ever encountered in my life!!

I wish I could give this establishment negative stars. My husband and I went to Santucci's with a restaurant.com voucher, which management refused to honor. The manager then said she was going in the back, and then the owner came out and literally screamed at us in the middle of the restaurant. Apparently they do not have a good relationship with restaurant.com, but I don't see how that should have anything to do with me, the customer. She then asked if we ordered anything yet, to which we replied, "no". We were then asked to leave. Seriously, I don't care if they serve the most amazing food in the world, I will never ever spend my money in a restaurant that treats their customers this way. 

As I was leaving, I told the owner that I was going to write a negative review about her restaurant due to this, and she told me that I'd better "watch my back". Classy. 

Stay away from Santucci's!!
Horrible owner ruined what would have been a positive experience.
Had a voucher for a deal from restaurant.com. On the voucher it said the info didn't need to be printed out. Manager told us that they needed to have in on paper. Offered to email it to the manager instantly so they could print out. Should have ended any issue with that, but manager refused to even entertain the idea. Manager offered to have the owner come over. Owner (female) not only refused to listen, but promptly embarrassed us in the bar. She yelled and told the bar tender loudly that we were running out on our tab ($4 from waiting for a table). At this point we were asked if we had ordered food yet, and asked to leave the restaurant.  No owner should ever treat a customer like that. When we said we were gonna give a bad review, the owner actually said to "watch our back."
Outstanding pizza!  They do it a little different here - cheese on first, then toppings, then sauce.   Really makes the flavor of the sauce stand out. 

Carry out service was very friendly and quick.   There are good coupons online so be sure to google before ordering.

I didnt get to dine in but got a quick glance of it.  Looks like a decent sports oriented pub with 24 beers on tap.  Owner has rules in place posted at door in order to keep rift raft out (see picture)

Definitely add the pizza to your bookmarks,
I usually pick up a few boxes of assorted pizzas before going into work. They are thin crust and good. The pizzas are not normally what I order but sometimes its a nice change to have pizza made a different way
Well last week I ordered 4 assorted pies and had them delivered for all the co-workers to eat for lunch. I don't know what happened but they were not the usual pies that we have been ordering for the past year!! I called and asked to speak to a manager and he said he would forward the message to the owner. I have called since and I have yet to receive a phone call!! That's the last $95 I will ever spend here.
If there was a way to give 0 stars, I would. Let me tell you about Santucci's at Woodhaven. We ordered a pizza, chicken cheesesteak, chicken wings sauce on the side, fries & breadsticks at 4:55. At 6:20, we got a call that veteran driver Sean apparently gave all the food to another house - who knows where - but he was on the way with the pizza and they'd send the rest of the food. A half hour goes by & we get a knock on the door with delivery of an ice cold pizza. Now I'm getting annoyed. I call and they promise to resend all the food at no charge - ok, appreciate the attempt at making it right. More than another half hour goes by and finally food shows up. Guess what? Now there's no chicken cheesesteak, a gallon of sauce on wings when it was supposed to be on the side, and burnt, rock-like breadsticks (see picture!). We're going to Wawa now. Thanks for nothing. Will never order from here again & you shouldn't either.
Never liked this place but now I have a legitimate reason, my $5piece of cheesecake had MOLD on it!!!! How long was it sitting is that to-go container for to literally grow fuzzy, green mold? This is absolutely disgusting.
Decided to try this place after reading all the wonderful Yelp reviews for this establishment, but I'm sad to say that I was disappointed. I must have a different palate or something. Maybe because I'm not a Philly native.

For one, the pizza is a bit overpriced. A small cheese pizza (4 slices) is about ten dollars. I ordered a small cheese, a small buffalo chicken, a soda, and a kids size milk and apple juice. My total came out to about 30.00. 35 with tip.

The pizza was a bit thicker than I would have liked it to be. The crust was also too crispy. The kids (ages 2 and 3) couldn't chew it. 

I'm sorry but I won't be returning.
I feel like a pizza snob because I think Jersey and New York are the top places to go for pizza, but people in the area love this place so we checked it out. Overall it's going to just get a 3 stars from me, but that's based on service, good and overall experience. Service was very very slow! For nearly 10 mins, our table wondered where our server was because we were waiting on refills. When she finally showed, we opted to just ask for the check. The pizza was okay, we got a large of the pepperoni and the chicken parmesan. The pepperoni wasn't what I expected, too much sauce, not enough cheese. The chicken parmesan was the best of the two, but still could've used more cheese. Overall it'll be a 3 from me, service was poor and the pizza was just okay, some takeout pizza I've had has been better.
The worst pizza I've ever had in my life!!! Why are they famous for pizza, I have no idea! Tasteless, doughy blocks of pizza...even the sausage was horrible! 
NEVER again, Pizza Hut has been pizza!
So I gave this place one last shot tonight. I should have just thrown $25.00 out the window. I'm beyond frustrated! Order a burger, fries and poppers. 1.5 hour delivery! On a Tuesday night, are you kidding me? Burger came and was just okay, very dry, roll was not toasted as requested. Poppers came with no sauce, fries had barely any cheese on them.  I'm officially done! Your ridiculous prices and slow service. Counter girls are quick and rude as well. Never again!
Came here recently with the family for a school fundraiser.  Overall, we were happy but we should have went with the pizza.

The Santucci pizza is square, crispy, and has adequate toppings.  When we went to Pizzapalooza, Santucci's was our #1 rated pizza out of the dozen or so that were featured.  For this fundraising dinner, I went with mussels red which was awesome except for the few mussels (at least four) that never opened and were not noticed by the chef before coming out?  Still, the sauce/gravy was really tasty and I liked it.  One kid had gnocchi which was undercooked, the other had a Stromboli with meatball and pepperoni which he did not care for, and wife had a sandwich which she, too did not enjoy as it tasted as if it was rushed out.  The restaurant was full this non-weekend night for the fundraiser, but there were some tables not being used so I'm not certain why food could not come out as slow as it did. And then to have the problems on top of that were just a nail on the head. The salads received were nothing special; pretty much a bag mixed salad, the soup was over-salted, and mozzarella sticks we felt were just blah. Probably frozen food microwaved. The food was not inedible, but did not seem to be thoughtfully cared for by the chef who probably was inexperienced or not ready for a heavy night on a non-Friday or Saturday.  

Again, if you want pizza, I highly recommend Santucci's.  But not for anything else.
I read several stellar reviews on this place, but I didn't see the food quality some of them touted.  The draft beer selection is good, but I wasn't impressed with the pizza.  My slice had obviously been reheated and the crust was hard.  There is no ambience, it's strictly "sports bar basic."  Not bad, just nothing to write home about.
Regrettably, I am unable to put negative stars on this establishment.  What was once a nice place to get a pie or hang out has just completely gone downhill.  Maybe it is because Joe Jr, the owner has decided to spend less time there or because he allows immature fools like his son have a say in how it operates now.  On one of my last visits with a friend of mine, we requested a couple of slices as we sat at the bar.  We were told by the younger Joe that they stop serving slices at 3:00.  When we said it was only 2:40, he rudely ofered to pick the few out of the trash that he had just thrown away and seve them to us.  Additionally on a previous visit, I tried to use a Restaurant.com certificate and was yelled at that they would not honor - why you ask - because it was not valid for pizza or alcohol!!!  Really??  Santuccis set up a coupon deal for a pizza bar that DOESN'T honor purchases of pizza and beer!?!?  And lastly it is was a sad display when the owner had to come out and yell at his wait staff in front of customers for items beyond their control.  They are teenage/ early 20's girls - try being a professional owner/ manager and not a tyrant (hopefully that is not too advanced of a word for them).
I dunno maybe it is because I'm not a Philly region native, maybe it is because I've had better in the burbs, or maybe it is because there is nothing really remarkable about their pizza. I will say this up front that I hate cheese under the sauce. (and yes it sauce which 99% of the country agrees on the name - not sure what happen here to where it is referred to as gravy but I digress). So Santucci's was fighting an uphill battle for my approval from the jump. With that said if the sauce had been something special or extra flavorful then I would have give them more credit but it's not. If the crust had been something special or extra flavorful I would give them more credit but it's not, but I will say it was better when dining in versus getting it delivered. So I just can't recommend them on food. The dine in experience was lack luster. The place looks like the haven't invested a penny back into it in about 30 years. It was sad, the service was sad, it all made my tummy sad. So I'll pass thanks.
Delicious square/Sicilian pizza. I always enjoy my experience at any Santucci restraunt.
Santucci's is my favorite pizza spot in the NE!

The staff is always warm and friendly. It's definitely a family/neighborhood bar which is always pleasant. -- Food is great. Awesome wings and their personal classic pizza is the best! Slices come in a square shape and sauce is on top rather then bottom. Different, but it works. There is also a ton of beers on tap to choose from. 

Dining in is always a hit. However, delivery waits are always crazy even during the day. Food is worth the wait though.
So my family mostly orders here because my mom loves the pizza for some reason.  A lot of people I know rave about this place but I just don't get it.  I finally had it with them because we placed an order with them (not for pizza) and me and my brother went to pick it up because it is cheaper to go out of your way to get it than it is for them to deliver it.  Which I think is nuts.  My dad ordered a cheesesteak but because he wanted extra toppings the sandwich became SO expensive.  With all of there food if you don't order extra toppings they send you a basic plain thing of whatever you ordered.  
I ordered a hot sausage sandwich once from them and it was literally a sausage on a roll.  Nothing else.  Like you need to tell them EXACTLY what you want on it.  And when you do they charge you an arm and a leg.  So remembering this i ordered a Grilled Chicken Sandwich.  I made sure to ask for lettuce, tomato, cheese, some onion, mayo.  And i got it on a long roll.  All of this bumped up the price of the sandwich.   But the lady on the phone said that the lettuce and tomato came with it.  That's a flat out lie.  Because when i got it it was literally just chicken covered in mayo with a few grilled onions and barely any cheese.  I'm pretty sure because the woman thought the lettuce and tomato were included she didn't list it in the order so when they made the damn thing they didn't include it.  
But anyway, this place is way too expensive, and they go out of there way to charge you extra for things.  You can get way better pizza at other places.  And I find that the santuccis in the city might be a bit better.
Unfortunately there aren't many good pizza spots in the FNE.  This pizza is slightly above average for this area. 

Long wait time for pickup and it's a little disorganized

The biggest issue I have with this place is the way the owner treats the staff.  One occasion several employees were gathered in front of the cash register and had a rare moment of boredom and the owner started yelling at them to get back to work right in front of me.   It was awkward and degrading.  I try and limit my spending there since that incident
Ok, so I've been eating at Santuccis since I was a kid on O street, my entire family grew up on it. I've even worked for Rob, Joes brother and his brother in law Mike. The pizza is really good! But the prices! The prices are ridiculous! Joe, come on, why is it so expensive? Why do you charged for every little thing? $1.50, for a topping on a sandwich, seriously. I was literally charge for tomato and lettuce on a sandwich.  $11.75 for a fried chicken sandwich on a long roll? You charge $4.00 to go from a Kaiser to a long roll??? If you're going to charge for cheese wiz, please use the real thing, not the immatation stuff you use now. I knew your Dad, his prices were never this high, prices aren't this high at any other store. I know as you always say, you're not affiliated with any other store but I've compared menus from South Philly to Roxborogh, you even took away the $2.00 coupon for delivery that you have in northeast times, now it can only be used for pick up. Look like I said your food is good, but you seem to be taking advantage of the hard working people up here. I know you have a good business and I'm sure you'll just turn a blind eye to this review. I will continue to pick up from the "other" closest store, and it's because of your greedy prices. Please understand, I am far from cheap, it's the principle...
Used to love this place. The past couple times I ordered take-out, the food was sub-par at best. It's usually a Friday night, so I'm sure they're super busy but the last time, the food was inedible.
Livid right now. Ordered from here before and it was decent enough. Nothing to rave about but a solid pie indeed. Extra points for trying to add flare with switching things up and doing sauce on top. My issue you ask?? I called today (after salivating for 15 minutes looking at yelp pictures, debating if I should say screw my diet today) and they said they won't deliver to my apartment complex anymore (literally 3-4min drive) When I asked why, I was told too many people in my complex have ordered and then not answered their door when the delivery driver showed up. I said I would pay with my credit card and they still refused. Now I'm sitting here like should I just call back and order take out or is this divine intervention telling me to stick to my diet??  idk if I should be more irritated at this pizza joint, or my neighbors....smh
We ordered wings and they put this in there counting it as a wing. We asked TWICE to make sure we got ranch instead of blue cheese and received blue cheese. The Hawaiian pizza was a soggy mess. The cheesesteak we ordered had all the cheese on the bottom and was very dry. The receipt has the correct order but apparently people can't follow directions. AND IT TOOK AN HOUR AND 15 MINUTES TO ARRIVE. For such ridiculously high prices, everything should at least be correct. Won't be ordering from here ever again.
First time having this pizza and they do sauce on top cheese on the bottom I was unsure about this but got one anyway and to my surprise it was great it's different but good I was impressed
music extremely loud ,literally couldn't hear anyone talking so we decided to do take out . like being at a bad pub. no where to stand or sit while waiting for take out. and if you go out side you can't hear them call your name so don't leave the loudest Pizza joint. not worth it for sub par santuccis.
I mean who doesn't love santuccis. The only odd thing I could mention is that we asked for half white broccoli n half red plain and it mostly came out 1/3 white broccoli n 2/3 plain. Sorta strange how they worked that one on the pizza. Also we asked to have the pizza cut in smaller slices to share easier and that was done in a weird fashion too. Just minor mishaps. I love santuccis!
I love santuccis! I used to come here frequently for quizzo which was always fun. Good food and amazing fries. Never had problems with servers. Can't wait to return.
+The pizza tasted great
-The stromboli, at a much steeper price, did not
+Receieved a 20% discount...
-because my pickup order took 55 minutes to cook
+The staff were otherwise professional and nice

Ultimately, paying $30+ and 55+ min for only 1 large pizza and 1 large stromboli is too much to ask.
Pizza wasn't that great at all. Very bland in flavor. Not enough pizza sauce or cheese. They overloaded the pizza with toppings so there wasn't any taste in the pizza. The bartender was very pretty and kind, but was talking to her friends who just got married the whole time. If you want the best square pizza, head to Brooklyn's L&B Spumoni's pizza.
I really love their food. Their pizza is amazing. It's square & the cheese is on the bottom and sauce is on top. The crust is nice and crispy. I remember having pizza day in grade school and this was always what we had. 

The only negative is delivery it's always well over an hour but the food is delicious and worth the wait. There is a $1.00 delivery charge, added to your order. If you decide to pick up its only about 20 minutes. 

This time we ordered a plain pizza, poppers & a cheesesteak. The poppers were done perfectly. Nice and crispy on the outside and plenty of cream cheese inside. The cheesesteak was honestly one of the best I ever had. 

If you never had their pizza you won't be disappointed.
I've had pizza from New York through California and hands down this is the best pizza I've EVER had! I stumbled upon this place on a dark hungry night and that was the best decision ever! I always order Large white pizza- half pepperoni and pineapple and other half shrimp with pineapples! It is the best, No one makes it better. I've been to other Santucci's pizza throughout the city and they can not compared to 4050 Woodhaven Rd. My shrimps are full in size and abundant along with the pineapples. The cheese is so cheesy and the dough is always crunchy! I love it. I'm a loyal customer and will come back!!! When I move from Pennsylvania, I'm not sure what I am going to do!!! BTW, the fries are crispy and perfect as well! Visit if you can, I drive over 30mins just for this pizza!
Santuccis is one of my favorite pizza joints on the East Coast. Jess and I dined here last night around 5:30pm. Knowing it would be busy we had a 20 minute wait. Take out was popping. Pushing out pies like you wouldn't believe.

Being regulars, we knew exactly what we wanted. Loaded boardwalk fries with a side of ranch, large plain pie and two Allagash Whites. Boardwalk fries and a little thicker cut fry, but not a steak fry, loaded with cheez wiz, mozzarella cheese, baked in the oven and garnished with bacon. They're unbelievable. The pie was perfect. Saucy and sizzling hot. We topped ours with shakey parm cheese, red chili flakes and garlic powder.

A must try if you are in the area.
Santucci's pizza is one of my favorites. I love their sausage pizza along with the white. I've tried other items from their menu and have not been disappointed.
Always a great environment 
Love the food service is always good
Love to bring the family 
Atmosphere is nice not to loud so we can enjoy family gathering
I LOVE SANTUCCI'S.  Their pizza is the best thing I have ever eaten.  I think I could eat it everyday and never get sick of it.  The bar and grill is fab!  Besides the pizza being out of this world, they have an amazing selection of beer, great prices, awesome atmosphere (games are always on, DJ at night).  I go here at least twice a month for beer and pizza on a Friday night.  Always crowded but if you wait it out you will get a seat.  Not a bad seat in the place weather you are sitting at the bar or at a table or booth.
There's not many pizza places in this part of Northeast Philadelphia that had many Yelp! reviews and so I ventured out here when I was in the area because it had more than 10 reviews, and most of them were favorable.

I would say if you're local it's not a bad place to park your keister and grab some drafts and decent pizza. But I would not go out of my way to try this place in particular. 

I had your very basic pepperoni stromboli and it wasn't great. In fact it was pretty flavorless, and I blame that on the dough. It's pretty hard to pull of a tasty stromboli that doesn't have more than just cheese in it because I would say the dough ends up being the thing you taste the most. Mine was burnt, but the waitress gave it to me, apologized and said the chef could cook another one for me if I wanted. I declined since it wasn't extremely burned, just really over cooked, but thought it was nice of them to offer. I tasted my love's stomboli which was cooked correctly and the dough was still very bland.
The price is certainly right at Joe's and that's where I'd probably leave it. The pizza and the garlic bread were both a classic definition of fine. They weren't worth writing home about, but they were worth eating again for the budget concerned patron. The sauce on top doesn't do much positively or negatively for the taste, for whatever that is worth. Service was very friendly but not particularly fast. I can't say I would point someone in the direction of this place in the future
The pizza is good most of the time, you have to call ahead and pick it up if you want it warm otherwise it's delivered almost cold and the delivery time is too long. Pizzas have gotten much smaller and more expensive, I've been going elsewhere!
Pizza is always on point, plain original square pie. The service is good but the wait time is always a minimum of 30mins. If you've got time, it's worth it.
The pizza is great but the bathrooms almost ruin the meal, they are consistently not clean, smelly and generally unkempt. I can't recommend dining in.
It's been a very long time since I've been here. I was pleasantly surprised the pizza is as good as I remembered. The service was good and the place was clean. Pretty decent selection of beer and lots of menu options not just pizza. I would definitely be back for the pizza nothing else really stood out. Not a bad a place for a good quick bite.
We went for lunch. The service was very good, the staff was friendly, and the food was excellent. The cheese steak sandwich is really good, the roll was the winning factor for me, very fresh. 
 The booths are cozy but what I didn't like was the that they are in need of some new upholstery.
This is the best pizza in the Northeast! It's more expensive than other places in the area but it's worth it. I love how unique and delicious the pizza is. The sauce is on top of the cheese and the slices are square shaped! Definitely recommend!
As a frequent customer I must say tonight was mediocre at best.  The past few visits have been the same   Waitress not great. And everything from the appetizer to pizza was cold.   Cold pizza. Cold apps. Very disappointed!!!
Great place! Pizza is amazing! The atmosphere is awesome, especially if you're a sports fan. They have quite a few t.v's. Would definitely come again when I'm in town.
We love Santucci's!! They have the best pizza in the neighborhood, and great drink prices during sports games. The owner is the nicest guy, and donates so much to the neighborhood. Try the buffalo chicken pizza....you won't be disappointed.
A little more pricey for a pie but well worth the extra few dollars. Square slices with sauce on top of the cheese, the best in Northeast Philly for sure. I drive into the city just to get this pizza on weekends, just cant beat it.
Great food. Best cheesesteaks in the area if you ask me. Love the pizza too. I ordered a small pizza with extra cheese and it was so good.
I grew up on Santucci's pizza from the original O street store.  The food has always been very good and very consistent.  Delivery takes fooooreeeeever, which is why we rarely get delivery.  The food is a little pricey, but we still enjoy it.  The biggest complaint for me is that they have posted hours (close at 11:00pm). Twice I've walked in at 10:00pm to get a take-out order for work and have been told they're closed.  So 11:00 means 1-:00?  Or earlier since I can't actually tell when the kitchen closes. And on days that they are open later, after a certain time we cannot call an order in and go pick it up.  You must order inside the restaurant and wait at the bar.
I love the pizza here. It honestly the best pizza I've had in years. I love eating here, I don't get to go there a lot but if I to go there I would. I like all the food they have there. I also think they should expand it a little bit but it's really good right now.
Ordered dinner from here tonight and we were totally surprised by how much the quality of the food declined. The pizza crust was thinner and tough like stale bread, there was no cheese on some slices and an extremely thin layer on others, and the mozzarella sticks were so undercooked that they were inedible. I hope that this was a one time thing. I would hate to think that one of our favorite restaurants becomes one of our least.
My grandmom loves Santuccis and when this location is out of the way, she'll seek out another. Im split on whether i like it here, as i find, yes, the food is still that santuccis signature flavor, but it doesnt hit the mark with me like it use to. It always gives me and my mom an upset stomach. So you really have to be craving santuccis to get it. Ive yet to try the rest of their menu, so in the future i can review everything else.
