Five pizzas+ten project team members = a lot of leftover pizza but delicious it was for sure...

So once/year our team orders pizza for a work Christmas/holiday party/weekly staff meeting with food. This year we made the excellent selection of Joe's on 16th n Samson.

Ordering/delivery  6/5
This place is very busy but they treat everyone like they are the only customer. I spoke with Vito on the Monday before we placed our order and then called in the final order on Wednesday (for Thursday). We ordered five large - 18" pizzas for delivery to our office - way too much pizza for 10 people but it was delivered hot, fresh and delicious by a very sweet lady. And to add to our riches, Vito sent along a panettone just because he's so sweet! My boss was charmed by the beautiful delivery lady which didn't hurt especially when the she told him the total - oops...oh and by the way she was exceedingly prompt and patient too. 

Pizza 6/5
We'd two plain w/a little extra sauce, 2 pepperoni and one white pizza with spinach and tomatoes all were delish and everyone was very happy. The crust is thin the sauce is delicious and that white pizza was my new favorite! But next year we may not need the extra plain pizza - those pizzas are huge!
I'm shocked to see such "OK" reviews...this places is yummy! Seriously the BEST pizza we've had so far in Philly! It's consistently good which I can't say for other places we've had, but I won't name names:)

The prices are awesome, grab a slice or a pie. Lunch is pretty busy but you can usually find a spot to sit. I go with the margarita or cheese...nothing fancy. Had it again tonight, my waist isn't happy but that's ok:) lovin it!
I am a fan of Joe's. It's a hot lunch spot that is, fortunately, less than a block from my office. The slices are big enough and reasonably priced. $2.50 for a decent sized chopped tomato slice. My absolute favorite. And if you're in the mood, you can drop an extra dollar for mozzarella. I also like the garlic powder sitting out on the tables. I like to get a slice, turn on the Adam Carolla Podcast, and eat in peace by myself. This is one of my favorite lunch activities. Joe's is also great in the few days leading up to pay day when you're really scraping the bottom of your checking account. Take out $15 in cash and you're set on lunch for the week, my friend.
This has become my favorite place for a quick easy and relatively cheap lunch. You can come early or late to avoid the lunch rush, but sometimes it's worth the wait in line to get a fresh slice right out of the oven. Their toppings choices are plentiful, and all look pretty tasty. My favorite is the spinach and tomato. Even when there is a line, the counter staff have it pretty much down to a science; order first, pay, then step out of the way to wait, and no one gets hurt =P And listen for "bella, your pizza!"

There's a lot more seating than meets the eye, they often have Italian pop music playing; sit back, people watch from the giant windows, and listen to them yelling at each other in Italian. Good times. =)
Go ahead. Grab a slice. Grab two. It's okay. It's cheap. There is a line that comes out the front door for a reason. Not sure if its because this is the closest thing to a decent slice down town or if its because people actually like it. Meh, its good. For Philly pizza that is.
My favorite pizza in the city! If requested, try put truffle oil on your pizza... So good! They have so many different option too! Buff chick and BBQ are two of my favorites!

They have TVs too!!
I just witnessed one of there employees blow his nose, never washed his hands, then grab a large spoon and stir whatever is cooking in the silver pot on the burner.  Bald guy with glasses, and today he has on a black baseball cap.  Then a guy walks in and purchased a roll, he grabs it from a lower draw using his bare hands.  1. He never washed from blowing his nose.  2. He's the cashier, before the man who brought the roll came him.  This will definitely be last time here.
Consistently good (the 3 cheese is my favorite, though I'll get the spinach and tomato if I want to feel healthier), fast (the hoagies take a lot longer than throwing a slice or two into the oven), and cheap. Not particularly friendly, but they let my friends use a card even though they hadn't reached the minimum limit. The fries are mediocre at best, so just get another slice instead. Their bottled drink selection is decent, and they have fountain sodas as well.

One tip: go before noon on a weekday. Around 12:05, the line starts getting crazy, but if you can slip in before then, you should be OK. I always go around 11:15 (early lunch and planning period) and there's never a line. It starts getting calm again around 1PM.
Ultra long lines, slightly expensive, decent pizza, quick (if rude) service at the counter.  All hallmarks of this consistent, if overrated, pizza joint.  

They have a relatively large seating area, lots of different pizza-by-the-slice options, and it's convenient to many downtown businesses.  

Check it out if you don't mind waiting in a long line.
Joe's has a meatball parm sandwich that I revere.  They do accept credit card but make sure to present it far in advance because there's usually some flak about it that I can't understand because of a language barrier. I think it has to do with there being two registers and only one of them being capable of accepting the card. 

It's nice to get that flak out of the way early because even though you feel like you're about to get kicked out, they can't really kick you out because they don't have your money yet. And I have presented my credit card at the end of the transaction, thinking that would make the process less painful. However, I don't like leaving Joe's on a sour note because it is really a great food establishment.  

As an eat in restaurant Joe's is quick and clean. They also have a wide selection of soda and juice beverages. 

The delivery service at Joe's is 100% reliable even though there is some difficulty giving directions the first time, I have found that as a repeat customer of Joe's, the bikers/runners really get to know where you are and will show they appreciate your business by being really quick. 

One time Joe's was so busy that they flat out requested I try calling the other location (which is further away for me).  That rejection experience was a little harsh but I suppose it's better than the alternative which could have been a long wait, as most delivery locations would expect customers to endure quietly and with no warning whatsoever about the delay.
It's round, it's cheesy and a huge point of contention among New Yorkers (or expats).  It's all about the flavor when it comes to a good slice the cheese, sauce, crust, appearance, smell and overall taste.  Overall the flavor was better than I have had in Philly and size was decent, compared to a Manhattan slice but still dwarf in comparison to a Brooklyn slice.  The crust was crispy, the sauce not sweet and the crust was the only thing I thought it needed room for improvement on.  Overall a well-balanced slice.
This was stop #1 on my city food tour. We tried the tomato pie, which is just a thick chewy crust and the sauce. No cheese, no herbs, no toppings. The point of this pie is to show off the San Marzano tomato sauce and let me tell you, it's a pretty incredible sauce. It's light red in color, very simply made, but packed with flavor. I emphasize that the simplest recipes sometimes require the most detail and care. And clearly they know what they're doing with that sauce. When a second slice was offered to me, I happily obliged and wiped it out quickly. Granted though, I added healthy amounts of grated cheese and black pepper. 

They do keep a lot of slices in the window, I guess to draw pedestrians inside. But to be honest, they did not look good. The spinach looked like it had been sitting in the window for two days. And sorry to do this, but points lost for serving Pepsi products and charging a dollar for refills on fountain drinks. And the bathroom... will it needs to be maintained just a little bit better.
The pizza here is pretty good, but I will never go back because of how rude the service was once.  Nothing angers me more than when a business does not those who pay its bills...the customer.  It is brick oven pizza and the place does get crazy around lunch.  Personally, I find somewhere else for my pizza, but as long as they aren't rude to you there is no reason not to go.
Next door to Joe's Pizza is a store that is for rent.    Apparently, the store had only been in business for about three months before it met its demise.  

Perhaps the owners were experiencing problems bringing people into their store due to the extremely long lines - no matter what day or time it is - that pour out of Joe's.  It can be lunchtime on a Tuesday on the coldest day of the year, or a Saturday in the sweltering heat of summer, and you'll find the same swarms of hungry pizza mongers inching slowly towards the inside of the restaurant, waiting for their overpriced and undersized slice of Philly.

On the other hand, maybe the owners realized that as far as that end of the block was concerned, Joe's had it cornered, albeit undeservedly.  As far as Philadelphia goes, it's great pizza.  But in Philadelphia, there's little to compare it to.  You go a little less than a mile away, and you're in a college town, where standards for pizza revolve around what tastes good when hungover or how much you can get for cheap.  You go a few blocks in the other direction, and you're not really looking for slices as you're in fancyville.   So where else do you turn?  The only other direction is New Jersey.

For the long wait, the tongue-in-cheek but obnoxious staff, the disorganized lines once inside, and the large price tag, it's not really worth it.   But many have been fooled, and perhaps they just have never been fortunate enough to have tried and tasted real amazing pizza.    

All in all, I don't see Joe's going anywhere anytime soon.  They're a staple in Philadelphia, and if there weren't people impatiently tapping their feet outside for a half hour waiting for a slice, I think the world might suffer a disruption in its chi.   

As for the store that closed?  I do feel terrible for them.   All that hard work in opening a store, only to see it fail so shortly after its inception.  But perhaps they should have done their research first.      Had they done so, they may have been able to save themselves the trouble.  Then again, I would not have the opportunity to snicker two times every time I pass Joe's Pizza these days:  the first because I don't have to wait in those long, dreary lines... and the second because the store that closed was a Weight Loss Center.   

Let's face it:  they had *no* shot.
I stopped in yesterday afternoon I just got a slice of broccoli pizza and a drink. The pizza seemed like it had been reheated multiple times and was burnt on the bottom. Literally no favor at all. For an almost five dollar slice of pizza I expected better. Very clean place though with ample seating.
This place is such an anomaly to me...they have to outsource their delivery pizza.

When I go in, it's like a treasure chest of glorious pizza staring at me through the glass...I want to order, four, five...NO SIX pieces of their various slices offered...

I can only eat one slice but I really wanted you to feel my intensity about the pizza - it's freaking good.

But when you get their pizza delivered, it's thick dough, heavy heavy sauce, a solid one inch thick layer of cholesterol, and a pound of whatever topping you ordered.  Maybe it's because I was always outnumbered when it comes to pizza toppings (we're getting three different variations of veggie pizza?  are you mad???!  WHY???) and simply didn't enjoy it but the overall quality just seems off for delivery.

So yeah, go in...there's usually a line, don't be that guy using your debit card and getting in everyone's way while it's being processed - just bring cash. I initially gave this three stars but if you ignore their delivery (which takes FOREVER too, this is a four star-er).
The best word to describe this establishment is "consistency".  I live fairly close and this is my goto place for a quick slice of pizza when I'm on the go.  It might be considered a little small for a $2 slice of cheese, but the taste is well worth it in my opinion.  It does get a bit packed around lunch, but it's worth the wait in my opinion.  I don't expect extremely friendly service here...It is very straightforward...they want you in and out, but I can live with that.
I've passed Joe's hundreds, maybe thousands, of times and always wondered how the pizza tasted. This time, I stopped in to finally find out. 

Firstly, the pizza is really good...not amazing, but solid. I ordered a slice of the pizza pie (top crust) with pepperoni, sausage, sauce and cheese inside. It was hot, the cheese was gooey, and 1 slice filled me up for hours. 

HOWEVER, the service here was lacking. The man behind the counter scowled at me for not knowing what I wanted to order (there was NO ONE behind me in line). That was off-putting, but I was hungry so I let it slide. Once I ordered, people came from outta nowhere and made the once comfortable standing space quite cramped and awkward. They have a nice sized dining area, but the area where you order needs a complete overhaul. (Side note: the average American woman is a size 8-10, not a 2-4...especially not if they're eating pizza on a regular. Make room!!)

Lastly, I paid with a card. I was told it was a $5 min, so I "needed" to add a drink, to which I obliged. Then he just stares at me, as if (by telepathy, I suppose) I know what fountain drinks they have (fountain was not labeled!)...He makes the drink then hands my card to the guy next to him and he says to me "move over"...smh...I paid and got the heck out of there before I changed my entire mind or gave them a piece of said mind. 

2nd star only for the pizza, because the service is beyond terrible!
Two words:  mall pizza.  

If you enjoy canned mushrooms and olives, and don't feel like walking the extra block to Liberty Place to get Sbarro's, then by all means go to Joe's Pizza.  If you want something that actually tastes good and has fresh toppings, try Pietro's.
I've been living in Philly since September of this past year and for 7 months I have scoured the city looking for any/all pizza places near me or within delivery distance. As a long time pizza eater and lover, I was very excited to sample what Philly had to offer.

To say I've been disappointed would be an understatement; that is until I discovered Joe's. I've tried other places before and after but nothing has even come close. The pizza tastes exactly how pizza should taste; like the favorite food that I love so dearly. Joe's is far from the poor excuses for pizza that taste like cardboard I've experienced elsewhere. 

I won't say it's the best pizza I've ever had but it is the best pizza I've had so far in Philly. If you like to eat good quality pizza with a variety of toppings to choose from, a sauce that's not too sweet, a crust that's the perfect balance between crunchy and doughy, and with just the right amount of cheese, I would highly recommend going to Joe's. If you have non-existent taste buds and/or prefer pizza that tastes like an empty toilet paper roll, Joe's is not for you. 

P.S.: The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because when I go they don't always have my favorite slice, the buffalo chicken, available.
Good east coast style pizza. It gets kind of crazy and hectic in there around lunch time. I reccommend spinach and ricotta slices or the tomato and fresh mozzarella slices.
I live near this pizza shop, I have come here with a friend a few times.  I enjoy the tomato pie and she likes the veggie slices which have cheese.  The size of the slices is definitely rather generous!  They have fountain soda available and also a nice selection of bottled beverages, my favorite is the Diet Snapple.  The seating area is nice and the prices are affordable.  Having been on a diet, I have tended to favor the thin crust pizza places but sometimes I really want a slice of real good Italian pizza!  When I do, I come to Joe's!  I'll definitely be back to have a treat!
Grabbed a quick slice here when I was in the area recently. 

There's not much to say. This place defines the term "nothing special". I had a decent slice of eggplant parm pizza, but I wouldn't exactly drive into town to eat here.  

Nice selection of toppings though. They have that going for them.
Staff is not friendly, nor accommodating. They talk to u in a condensending tone and barely say thank u. It's almost like you're a bother to them. NEVER, NEVER , NEVER order from their webiste. Tried twice and both times there were major issues on their end. Pizza is ok, but there are definitely better options in the area. Only good thing is that there are no debit card minimum amounts, so I can get a quick bottle of tea and still use my card.
This is my go to pizza place when I am in the Rittenhouse area. It's just consistently good pizza. I wouldn't say the best pizza in the world by any means, but if you are craving a slice this is the place to go. Lunchtime can get pretty hectic. I went in yesterday and some old man tried to school me and say I was in the wrong line. Hey buddy, why don't you worry about your own order, eh? I'm a regular. I know how the place works.
Jerks run this place! Screamed at customer for not having cash. Small sign at register for their illegal $10 purchase credit card limit.
C+

I was in here for a quick lunch bite and I was not fan of their pizza. The service was pretty quick, but was pretty much it.

I had the pepperoni and pineapple pizza and barbecue chicken pizza.

Pepperoni and pineapple pizza was really good, so I was very excited for my next pizza. The barbecue chicken pizza was very dry. The chicken was so dry that I did not even finish the slice. If I had to go back I would get the pepperoni and pineapple pizza.

Also they give refill for $1.
BARE HANDS!! NO GLOVES!!!!!! NO SANITATION!!!!
I have been to this place several times with co-workers during lunch hour. Each time the men behind the counter are bare handed. No gloves, no washing of hands! Seeing this, I did not eat any food and quietly sat sipping a bottled iced tea. I thought this might have been a one time thing but it has happened every time I went over the past 4 months.

Example - I watched a guy pick his pimples then handle pizza slices from counter to oven to customer without any sterile procedures. The other guys at the grill are scratching their body, beard, handling garbage and even money at the register if the older woman is not there to do it. 

One guy literally - BARE HANDED -  handled money, then closed up a garbage bag then proceeded to carve out a large roll to make room for the steak meat, then shoved his filthy, dirty fingers into the shredded cheese bin, grabbing a fistful to sprinkle onto the meat. He did all of this without gloves, without stopping to wash in between. 

ABSOLUTELY FOWL! I will never go there again. This is literally a massive food poison event waiting to happen.
I have passed by Joe's (often noting the long lunchtime lines) and NEVER gone in - until today.  And, boy am I glad I did.  I had a delicious slice of tomtato pie topped with spinach (no cheese).  

It was very good and $2.75 for the slice.

My friend had a tomato, cheese & spinach slice which also looked good - but she got the EGGPLANT (which I had not noticed) and that looked Awesome!  Next time I'm gonna try the eggplant.

Nice decor for a pizza joint, too.  I will be back (but not often - as I am not a pizza-lover).
Count the stars for Joe's
1. the line of "who's a next?"  "nobody next?"
2. the friendly register lady (she's totally my new best secret pizza shop friend)
3.They must put crack in the slices cause I'm totally addicted.
4. Never mind the rumored brothel that used to be in the upstairs apartment (not affiliated by them whatsoever) that caught on fire and almost destroyed my favorite pizza joint.  That was a sad 6 months while they fixed the place up and reopened!(the pizza shop that is)

I'm not even going to get into Joe himself.  Ask some older folks in the neighborhood if you want a good story.
Pros: Really Tasty. Fast, pleasant service that came up to my high-rise apartment instead of calling me when they were downstairs- the reason for the 4th star.

Cons: Way more bready than I like for a "thin" crust pizza. I couldn't eat the crusts and I am not one of *those* girls. The ratio of bread to cheese and sauce was just off.

In fairness I like my thin crust really thin, this place has a solid pizza. I'm sure that on the run, by the slice, is the way to go.
Ordered two large pies and a two liter bottle of Pepsi to share comfortably with a family of 7. The service was not the friendliest so I went in with low expectations for the pizza. But man was I wrong! I still can't get over how delicious the pizza was, especially the white pie with ricotta. It may be too cheesy for most people but it was definitely the best I've had in philly so far. It's a very causal place with plenty of seating so good for med/large groups. $5 credit card minimum.
I will never order from this place again. We needed a pizza at a specific time for an important meeting, and they promised they'd have the pizza here. This was an hour before the meeting. 

Well, the meeting came, no pizza. I called again about 5 minutes after it was due, and they said it'd be there in 10 minutes. This was unacceptable, but I didn't have a choice, so I said fine. 10 minutes passed. No pizza. I called again, they said sorry again, but they were too busy to have it there by noon in the first place.

If you can't fulfill a promise, don't make it.
I knew this place was special when I was walking by one day and one of the employees smiled at me and gave me a head nod when I was looking at the slices through the windows. These slices are large, cheap, and have a great cheese to sauce ratio. Probably my favorite next to Towne Pizza on 19th and Pine. Cheap, no thrills, and delicious. 

Ample seating inside, with two rooms and tvs on each wall. Great place to grab a quick slice.
Good pizza. Extremely fast lunch service. No debit card minimum. 

The crust is crispy and the pizza is surprisingly thick. There are also tons of topping choices.

Great spot to go for lunch if you're in a hurry! There's also a lot of seating for such a small location.
Joe's is a Philly institution (at least for the Center City office crowd).   The pizza, conveniently sold by the slice, is reliably decent.   Because they rewarm the slices in the pizza oven, you are unlikely to end up with a soggy mess (and who wants pizza sauce on their office duds).

Joe's pizza is relatively thin-crusted and the sauce-cheese-crust ratio is o.k.   I prefer a more flavorful sauce and less cheese.   Indeed, the generous quantity of cheese produces the dreaded "oil slick" on the top of a slice (which must be sopped up with napkins).    For decent, quick, cheap eats, Joe's is a fine choice.
I'm back by popular demand fwm yah, we pulled up to this jawn cuz I wanted some pizza, I rocked with the ambience an the real Italian feel, it really made me feel like I was out there in Italy koolin! I really didn't get shit but 2 slices of cheese pizza (CAUSE YALL DIDNT HAVE ANYMORE BUFFALO CHICKEN PIZZA) & some cheese fries. The only reason I'm giving yall a 4 is because we seen JOE!!! THE LEGENDARY JOE OF JOES PIZZA OMFG THE GODFATHER HIMSELF! (I'm pretty sure it was him)
UPDATE:

They recently introduced their whole wheat, fresh mozzarella and arugula pizza topped with optional white truffle oil. I have eaten whole wheat pizza all over the entire tri-state area and they have honestly perfected it. The crust is nirvana-- not heavy, dense and off-tasting like most whole wheat pizza. It's light and fluffy with just the right amount of crunch.. LOTS of greens that add a slight texture, but are otherwise mild and add that touch of healthiness that one might need to justify two slices. I can honestly say it's the best pizza I have ever eaten in my life. And I eat a ton of pizza. Probably too much.

Get the triangle shape if available. I don't find the Sicilian (although it looks identical) nearly as tasty. 

NOT cheap, (7 bucks for two slices) but truly worth it.
This place sucks. The pizza is actually better cold. It's like $5.50 for 2 slices of really crappy pizza. The sign says it's open late, which it never ever is. Kind of stupid for a place to shut down that early around all the bars, they should call it closed pizza. Too expensive for bad quality,
Full disclosure: I've probably spent too much time living in Jersey and NYC to be an unbiased reviewer here. I may be overly critical.

I came here the other night looking for a quick dinner. I got a slice of plain and a slice of pepperoni and pineapple (total cost: $6.50). The plain was really just not good. A plain slice is the litmus test of a good pizzeria. The sauce wasn't flavorful and the cheese tasted like mass product out of the bag. I also found it greasy (and not in a good kind of way). Fortunately, the pepperoni and pineapple was slightly better, but likely due to the addition of toppings (aka makeup for a messed up pizza face).

The good: definitely a wide array of slices out (more than just plain, pepperoni, sausage, etc.). 

The bad: said wide array seems as though they have been sitting out for quite some time. Service is also not overly warm.

Summary: if you go, get a slice with toppings.
The slice was okay but the employees working there the night I went in would not put down their phones for anything.  There were literally people waiting to order and the girl has her phone in her hands and is sending something to the guy who is standing two feet from her saying "you have to see this!".  

No, you have to be taking orders and making pizzas.  Show him your stupid phone later.   It's just not great customer service to have people waiting to place an order while you're standing there with your eyes glued to your phone, laughing at whatever you're seeing while you ignore the customers.

If they could put down their phones, this would be at least three stars.
Great pizza - I love the spinach and tomato.  The problem with this place is that the staff is rude, especially if you are not sure what to order (they've earned their nickname of the Pizza Nazis) and at lunch the line is outside.
Nothing too special here.  Just simple downtown pizza.  

The problem lies with line management and as a result, you get lines out the door and onto the sidewalk.  After you order, you just awkwardly get in the way until your slice comes out of the oven.  This also leads to confusion.  

Considering this, I have no idea why people stand outside waiting when there's a half a dozen places just as good within a block or two.
We wanted to try a tomato pie and this place was recommended by two different Philadelphians. We tried it plain as suggested and while tasty was nothing orgasmic about it. We tried it, ate it and probably would not order it again, just stick to regular pizza.

Crust was not the best and I think there might have been better places to try in philly.
Ran in for a quick plain slice. After the first bite, I was in a time machine traveling back 20 years. It tasted just like the legendary pizza served at Palace Roller Skating. If you are from Northeast Philly you know what I am talking about. Thats one of the highest compliments a pizza shop can receive.
who doesnt like brick oven pizza??
this place is close and convenient for me in center city. they have an upstairs dining room area which is much quieter than the downstairs. slices are cheap and ready fast, the people are nice, and there is always a ton of variety in what kind of slices are out and available. i recommend buffalo chicken slices. MMMM
I FEEL LIKE IM TAKING CRAZY PILLS! 

yes, I do not get it! I walked by during lunch time, and there was a line out the door. OUT THE DOOR PEOPLE! do I need to say that one more time? out the door!  

I don't get it. I have had their pizza about twice, i believe. if its been more than I dont remember. its not that great therefore im sure my memory has been trying to erase all memories of this place. I know people who love this place and swear upon it but it just makes me wonder what kind of pizza they usually if this is what is SO amazing!

I have never tried anything else like cheesesteaks or hoagies just because I am never drawn to walk in here. it doesnt help that as soon as i walk and start to look at what i want the staff is breathing down my throat asking me every 2 seconds if i know what i want and i feel pressured and either make a quick decision or leave... i rather leave because if i take my time, they make me feel like im wasting their time by looking at the menu.
Good pizza at the cost of the nasty and abrasive staff. Seriously. If you take more than 2-3 seconds to place your order they'll let you know that you're pissing them off. I hated to give them my money, even if it's only $5. Sorry that they are still in business. The red headed guy has been there for years and still treats patrons like $hit.
I was unsure where to grab something fast but I noticed there were a lot of customers there so I figured it may be a great place to check out.  This pizza was really good  and the employees were nice.  The slices are huge and even though there were a lot of customers, the service was prompt.  My first time having pizza in Philly and I would say this was a great experience
Joe's Pizza is quite honestly pretty decent.  The first time I stopped in was at the request from a homeless woman on the street who begged me for spare change so she could get something to eat, but I offered to feed her instead, so she very specifically asked me to get her 2 slices of pizza.  I brought it to her, and she was grateful. 

Since I had never tried Joe's Pizza myself, I figured that if I couldn't get pie on Pi Day, I'd have pizza instead (which is what usually happens).  I was closest to Joe's amidst my travels throughout the city, so I stopped in for a piece of pizza.  I settled on the BBQ Chicken, which was light on the BBQ sauce, but other than that, it hit the spot.  As much as Joe's isn't as worth raving about as some of the other pizza I've had, I'd stop in again if I were on the run and needed a quick bite.
Unsanitary. The guy working the checkout and handling money and credit cards is the same guy that made my salad with his bare hands. I'm disgusted.
"Bar none, the most consistent slice of pizza in the city - hence, the long lines during lunch. Personally, I'm rather dedicated to one, specific slice, the unparalleled splendor of four cheese."
I have been to Joes over quite a lot a few years ago before our office moved. Went there recently and pizza is highest priced in the city for the size of the slice. Worse yet is that it has no flavor. Im pretty sure they reheated a very old pizza to boot. NEVER going back here as there are so many great pizzerias in center city.
Went in here for a bite Sunday afternoon- we had the spinach and tomato slice and the barbecue slice. The pizza was strictly okay. I liked the crust. It was well made. I've heard a lot from people that is the one of the oldest and best places to get a slice in center-city. At $4 a slice, I wasn't too impressed. What i did really like about them was the service and the people there. Nice, friendly always with a smile.
I had a slice of sausage and a slice of pepperoni and even with... parmesan, oregano, garlic salt, and chili peppers sprinkled on it was still BLAND! Crispy, powdery on the bottom and bland. It was recreational pizza. You'd eat it if you were bored, but didn't really have a taste for pizza. Looks can be deceiving. It looked good. I should've known something was up when I couldn't smell it. (I'm not sick)

I do like the location and the painted on ambiance is better than some of the other painted on ambiance pizza stores in the area. I also found it strange that there's no visible menu on the wall or glass. I had to ask for one. Maybe they have good steaks?
Four stars based on plain pizza only (I've never ordered anything else). This is a solid, traditional slice, nothing more. The crust is made fresh, not frozen. It is thin and chewey. The sauce and cheese are unassuming...neither devine nor disgusting. The ratio of the three components is perfectly balanced. The dining area is always clean and there are condiments on every table. There is some really bad pizza out there, folks. You're safe at Joe's.
This has long been a favorite of mine, but the pizza world is tough, highly competitive, and expanding all the time here in Pizzadelphia, and I'm afraid they've dropped to 4 stars - meaning that I would rank them in 4th or possibly 5th place in my mental list of pizzerias in town. I think their crust used to be better, thinner, with a better texture, but perhaps I imagine that. I do think that there's a risk of getting a slice that has been sitting on the counter for too long (although they do do a very brisk business). Some of their pizzas seem "over-topped" although they do hold back on topping some of them - there's a tastefully done spinach pizza. But as my Deputy Yelper proclaimed on our most recent visit (this Deputy Yelper likes her pizza by the slice COLD): "The cold pizza is excellent, the cheese and tomato mix together, when you bite in, the juice comes out, it tastes like heaven."
Clean, convenient, fast, tasty, and reasonably priced.  What else do you want from a pizza joint.  I stumbled across this place walking down 16th and saw a flood of people going in.  Let's face it, Philly is not strong in the pizza by the slice department.  Most of them are horrible.  But this place had a throng of folks going in so I followed.  It is one of the better slice places I have eaten at in Philly.  They also serve grinders and fries and maybe even pasta though I didn't see it. 

The ordering is super efficient.  The place is busy at lunch but no one is waiting for long.  I was there for a total of 20 minutes from 12:10 to 12:20 (from ordering to finishing my meal) and counted 28 customers being served during that time.  I didn't see anyone waiting for a table or waiting long for their food.

The only reason I don't give it five stars is that though it's the best pizza by the slice I've had in Philly, it's not world class.  Something to strive for.
Joe's is by far the best pizza slice restaurant in the city for lunch.  Awesome selection of toppings - but also has a great plain slice.  My only complaint is depending on when you get there the pizza may have been sitting around for a while.
As far as casual pizza goes in the Rittenhouse area I would say this is the best. We don't have many options here with the few being Joe's, Tower Pizza (avoid at all costs), and Alice Pizza (which I gave a 1-star review to on Yelp that you can find). Others are gourmet style like Pizzaria Vetri. 

At Joe's the ambiance is more than a counter service, casual, run of the mill shop. The walls are decorated with Italian fixtures, an Italian desert menu, and a seating area slightly disconnected from the cashier making for an experience that can transport you away from the busy Center City streets literally outside their door. During the current World Cup they constantly have soccer playing.

As for the pizza, it's $4 a slice which runs average, there's a good selection, and it actually tastes quite delicious. I always get a free cup of water and unlike most places they give a very large cup filled with ice. Ask for a loyalty card where you buy a certain number of items and get a free pizza.

Extra pros:
~Very friendly staff
~Ricotta and Spinach and Pineapple and Pepperoni slices.
~I've never really seen it crowded which adds to the ability to escape the city
~The crowd that comes here isn't obnoxious.

Cons:
~Everything is done on a 4 star level and they have room for improvement in all aspects.
Granted, I haven't ever been here during lunchtime on a weekday, so I've never dealt with a line longer than two or three people. 

The best pizza I had in all of college (though, versus Allegro's and College Pizza, that's not saying much). Crust is crispy but not burned or too crunchy or thin. Sauce is sweet and tangy, pepperoni is spicy and generally awesome. Just greasy enough. I love this place. And the guys behind the counter have been nothing but friendly (sometimes, um, overly so, but what's pizza without a little leering).
Come on Monday for the $1.88 slices! The slices are huge and heavy on the ingredients..the best (and really only acceptable) way to enjoy a slice. 

We came in as Joe's was about to close and the guy behind the counter gave us FOUR pieces to go! We sat in their rather large dining area to enjoy our first few slices amongst plenty of people who seemed like regulars coming in after a later night at work. 

With those freebies we enjoyed and all were DELICIOUS:

Ricotta, spinach and tomato sauce
Fresh mozzerella, basil and tomato sauce (square pizza)
Chicken, onion, broccoli and cheddar (white)
Sweet sauteed peppers with mozzerella and tomato sauce
Zucchini with tomato sauce
Some of the best pizza in Philly, yum! basic and gourmet, at the prices of basic pizza
I have been to Joes over quite a lot a few years ago before oir office moved. Went there recently and pizza is highest priced in the city for the size of the slice. Worse yet is that it has no flavor. Im pretty sure they reheated a very old pizza to boot. NEVER going back here as there are so many great pizzerias in center city.
I work at 1600 Market, so having this place so close by is one of the perks of working here. I sometimes have to adjust my lunch according to how crazy this place gets, which is around the average lunchtime, but I don't mind because the BBQ chicken pizza is like a soft-handed reach around.  Another great part is that your toppings aren't limited to meat and/or cheese. Service is fast and simple. Order, pay, grab your slice(s), and enjoy. No confusion at all.
I've had pizza from here twice, and both times it was pretty good but nothing special. The veggie pie was probably my favorite because it was packed with fresh mushrooms and pepper. I liked the ricotta, too, but I think it could use some sauce because the flavor was slightly lacking. Also, it's a little pricey for pizza.
Meh on both pizza and service.

I've definitely had better, but not the worst slice I've ever had. If you're desperate and hungry, good spot to get your pizza fix.
There's an old expression that pizza is like sex. Meaning, there's no such thing as "bad" pizza. While I'd beg to differ, RATING pizza is like rating sex. Unless your partner is just laying there at you wide-eyed, everything else is a matter of preference. I personally am a fan of sweet sauce, uber-thin yeasty crusts and loads of gooey, salty cheese blends. The best pizza in the city for that is definitely THAT place on 2nd and South. Being that I work in Rittenhouse, THAT place is not an option. And it's a rather good thing too, because Joe's is actually nothing like that. The pizza is what pizza in Italy actually tastes like (not that I'd know too much, I had to spit mine out as I was on an insane vegan stint while I was there). But the pizza is made with good olive oil and flour, FRESH herbs and traditional tomatoes definitely imported from Italy. I couldn't even comment on the cheese because it's not the star of the show. Joe's is a rustic, savory and flavorful pizza. I get the fresh mozzarella tomato pie and it CANNOT be beat for what it is-- crunchy, low-fat and full of flavor.
Ordered take out pepperoni pie from here and it was definitely a good size pizza, enough for 3-4 people to eat and get satisfied. If you order after 7PM from Eat24, the offer a free 2-Liter soda of your choice, which adds to the value of the pizza you're paying for, which is just about average here...roughly $16 for a large pie. One thing I wish was that they had a better selection of 2-liters to select from...they had orange soda, iced tea, Sierra Mist and Diet Pepsi. Only took about 15 min to make so I was able to pick it up pretty quickly. Overall I'd recommend this place if you need a quick pizza enough to feed a small sized group. Don't forget to order after 7PM for the free drink too.
Really good thin, crispy slices! They're about $4 I believe. They don't list the prices nor do they itemize on the receipt but whatever. I've always been able to find a free booth and they're all stocked with garlic, parmesan, pepper. 

Was looking at my credit card statement a few days later and saw a charge from Savas and got really confused because I knew I hadn't been there. I disputed it and 15 min later realized that Joe's Pizza must have the same owner as Savas and cancelled the dispute. Not a big deal but interesting to note.
The pizza here is pretty good; however, be prepared to spend close to $3 a slice. You're better off ordering a whole pizza than paying for an personal portion. Although you show up and there is usually a line it moves fairly quickly and you can get your food equally as fast. 

For a pizza place it has a pretty decent amount of square footage. They've done everything possible to make it feel like you're in Italy. I believe this is due to the fact that's it's owned by an Italian family which is what I surmised from the heavy accents when ordering my pizza.
I think I went at the wrong time.  The slice was too hot, cheese sliding everywhere, and there wasn't enough sauce.  Still it was better than most pizza I've had in the city.  I'll have to try it again sometime when it's not so crazy to give it a fair review.
Pizza shops in Center City tend to be hit or miss, and Joe's is no exception. But when they are on their game they will serve you the best thin slice NYC style pizza in the area. When they aren't on their game you get the same greasy mediocre slices you get at most places. Since I know what they are capable of I continue to stop by every once in a while, cross my fingers, and hope for for the best. Half the time I get what I'm hoping for.
I returned twice to this pizza place this week after finding it closed on Sunday. (Being closed on Sundays and sometimes Mondays too is common among Italian catholic businesses). 

On Monday, I enjoyed a couple of slices with anchovy, onion and green pepper. The pizza was as good as in my beloved Brooklyn, NY. 

I learned from the Manager that the founder of Joe's Pizza came from Brooklyn to Philadelphia (like many others here), started the business. Now his son owns it, managed by the family. 

The business is well run, busy and clean, with the full of energy female manager keeping on top of everything including making sure the place and its tables are clean after a customer leaves the table.

The pizza and slices are offered in every type imaginable from tomato pie, cheese, regular and sicilian (square) to a variety of toppings available and even the NY "Grandma Pie" on Wednesdays, the second day I visited just to try it. 

The Grandma Pie slices I had were great. Nice and crispy, as pizza should be. 

The sauce is very good and the seating area is very comfortable, clean and includes Italian music throughout as well as a TV showing one of the local sports teams when they are playing or another sports team when locals are not.

While eating I had a great view of the street. I even saw an elderly (approximately 60) Philadelphia beat cop (on foot patrol and of obvious Irish decent) walk from a nearby street at a fast pace with a woman who approached him, to a problem in a business across the street. It reminded me of the old days in NYC, when Italians, Irish and other ethnic groups lived peacefully and harmoniously together. I was happy to see that here in this part of Philadelphia at least.

I HIGHLY recommend this place.
Near my office in Philly - quick service, quality product, great place for a slice ! - you won't be disappointed with Joe's
