Once upon a time in Rome, a few of my more adventurous friends dragged me to an Ethiopian restaurant.  The heaps of undifferentiated glop and bony bits we received angered me greatly, because I was a student and could not afford to eat out and hate it. Feeling the loss of 15 euros, I vowed never to eat Ethiopian again. 

Now that I'm older and wiser, I realize the foods I've hated have just been terrible versions of those certain cuisines. Kaffa Crossing is the perfect restaurant to convert those new to Ethiopian, or those like myself who had a traumatizing experience. 

Tender collards diced in a mathematical brunoise, lightly spiced red lentils, chewy, flavorful lamb tibs and a kitfo touched with cinnamon (?) decorated the giant's plate of food we ordered.  Scooping it all up with the best-textured, fresh injera I've ever encountered was gloriously messy and rewarding.  

Plenty of options here for vegans and vegetarians, but carnivores should definitely check out the kitfo.  You order up to your preferred temp (I'd say rare or mid-rare) and it arrives looking for all the world like a bowl of raw hamburger.  Don't be put off -- it's delicious.
You know that old adage about never going grocery shopping while you're hungry?  The same reasoning applies to putting me in charge of ordering for a group at a restaurant when I'm famished.  Bad things happen.  And by "bad things" I mean "obscenely excessive quantities of delightful edibles."  That pretty much sums up our experience at Kaffa Crossing.  We went from hungry to stuffing-our-faces to explosively-full.  At least it was on good food.  

For future reference, do -not- order two meat dishes and two veggie combos for four people.  You will not finish it all.  Three dishes between four people (who eat a lot) is way more reasonable.  Don't miss out on the Yebeg tibs - tender, savory, and kicked up with some jalapeños, you can't go wrong.  As others have mentioned, the injera here is stellar; it's just the right consistency of sponginess, and no portion of the huge rounds were dry or tough.

Don't be deterred when you first walk into the space.  Chances are, folks will be sipping java and working on their Macbooks, but you're in the right place.  Apparently, Ethiopian café/restaurant hybrids are a thing in Philly.  Who knew?  Kinda dangerous - it'd be easy enough to drop in to grab a coffee, working through the morning from the cute, homey ambiance and end up never leaving because the dinner's just that compelling.

NB: Plastic's accepted, but AmEx is not.
This place had a cute coffeehouse format, very different than most of the other Ethiopian restaurants, but was still quite spacious. It had wonderful hardwood floors that would have been perfect for a salsa night with the tables removed. Ok, I digress. The menu was not extremely extensive. On the other hand, the price was a bit more than other Ethiopian places. 

When the food came out, I barely contained myself long enough to say grace before pouncing on the HUMONGOUS plate. I would say that the portions are about 30% - 50% larger than at Abyssinia's and maybe 200% larger than at Dahlak's. No, I am not being hyperbolic. 

The food generally was quite delicious; the lamb and other ingredients seemed very fresh. Kaffa Crossing's Gomen (collard greens) is probably the best of any Ethiopian restaurant in the city. 

The only really disappointment I had at Kaffa was the injera (spongy sourdough pancake that you eat everything). Although the injera that came on the separate plate was okay, the injera that lined the plate underneath the food was dry. My knowledgeable companion, who comes to Kaffa quite often, stated that the injera is not always consistent - sometimes dry, but usually okay in her opinion. 

All in all, a great dining experience. It's a bit more expensive (read a dollar or two), but you are getting more also. Thanks to this post, now I have a horrible almost uncontrollable craving for Ethiopian food. Good thing I'm not even close to being in Philly.
This is my second time having Ethiopian food, the first time being back in Columbus, OH. I was a bit wary, as my first Ethiopian food experience was not so great, but this was truly a great experience!

For people not familiar with Ethiopian food, it is served in a "family style" with the platters of meats and veggies served on a large plate on top of injera, the namesake Ethiopian flatbread. No utensils--you use your hands to eat everything, and extra injera is provided to scoop up the platter portions.

From a personal standpoint, I like my injera to be mild (slightly spongy, only slightly sour, and not too sticky). Kaffa Crossing's injera fit this description perfectly. Ethiopian food can occasionally have the reputation of being extremely spicy, but the spice level here was completely manageable (and mild options are available for those who are concerned). The atmosphere on a Friday night was clean, quiet, and low-key. It was truly relaxing. As a group of 4, we ordered about 5 platters, which was more than enough food (we were all stuffed!). The bill came out to be about $18/person pre-tax/tip. 

Overall, if you are looking for a new food experience, definitely check this place out! Highly recommended.
Ok My father is from Ethiopia and I know proper ethiopian food when I smell it.  This place is not it.  The injera is more than a few days old ( it gets sour as it ages).  The Ethiopian spices have been watered down to what they should be so the food has lost its touch. Your supposed to eat Ethiopian food and have the smell on your fingers of the the  Mitmita even if you wash your hands with lye.  The so called Ethiopian eggs I ordered were more like tex mex because they came with jalapeño and bell peppers. 

Bottom Line - come here for coffee/tea not your dinner the owner is present and the interior decor is that of the "new west philly".
For the first time ever Yelp has truly let me down with this place. I couldn't care less about ambiance if the food is good. Unfortunately, that was not the case at Kaffa Crossing. The collard greens are surely canned or maybe just bad for other, unknown reasons. The yellow lentils are also particularly unappetizing. I left hungry with a plate full of greens and lentils. 

The beef tibs was tasty and the cabbage was also quite good. The menu said string beans, potatoes, cabbage and carrots. I had, literally, one small piece of a string bean and one, equally small, piece of carrot. I don't feel like I should pay upwards of $8 for a plate full of cabbage (which easily costs 30 cents a head). NO FAIR!

I also ordered a smoothie hoping for something to fill me up the rest of the way. It was actually just juice. Admittedly, the juice was tasty but I could pick up mixed fruit juice from the grocery store and get a gallon of it for $4.95.

I could potentially see myself returning to study over a cup of coffee but I'll make sure to go elsewhere once hunger strikes.
With a plethora of African food options in West Philly, everyone's got their recommendation of which place is best, what you should get, what you should expect and how it'll come out. Among the hubbub, we found our way to this quaint restaurant that masquerades as a simple coffee shop.

We love the smoothies. Boyfriend opts for chocolate peanut butter, whereas I usually go for a more tropical flavor.

I'm a huge of fan of pretty much every vegetarian dish I've tried...lentils and chickpeas and eggplant, oh my! For meat, we love lamb. Spicy, if you like it. Beef is also good, but not as tender.

Honestly, I just love getting a platter of veggie options and gorging myself on soft injera.

Service is attentive, bordering on a bit slow. But they're pretty good at filling up water glasses and that's my go to for the final star!

Another bonus? Parking is usually relatively plentiful around here - if not on Chestnut, on the surrounding streets. Or you can hop off the trolley or subway just a few blocks away.

Go get some Ethiopian! And maybe some delicious coffee while you're at it.
Never had Ethiopian for breakfast before so this was a first time experience. Early Sunday morning and barely anyone inside. No one was at the counter so we waited until someone came out of the kitchen. Was asked to sit down, then proceeded to wait around 8-9 minutes before the only waitress finally showed.

On the bright side, the waitress is really nice. Got the menu and ordered scrambled eggs with beef ($7) and a regular coffee ($2.50) The eggs are cooked well with ground beef mixed in, good with some hot sauce and the tangy injera bread provided. Coffee is your standard fare - wish I had ordered their more specialty versions.

Solid spot for breakfast, especially in the area. Probably better for lunch or dinner.
The times I go, I'm a creature of habit. Coffee and shiro wot. Their wot is absolutely amazing. I like the atmosphere as well. I can get work done, and it's a pretty spacious place - especially compared to West Philly's other closet sized cafes.
Kaffa Crossing is a true gem in West Philly, and one I've unfortunately neglected far too often - but most certainly will not do anymore. Nestled on the 4400 block of Chestnut, its big front windows are warm and inviting.  The interior of the cafe is gorgeous - beautiful wooden floors, contrasting red and yellow walls with modern art, and Ethiopian arts and crafts.  There is a great mix of comfy chairs and couches.  

The menu is unparalleled - with a wide variety of espresso drinks (standard and specialty) to delicious smoothies.  The coffee is amazing - Ethiopia is the birthplace of coffee, after all. The food?  Absolutely the best Ethiopian in the city, handily beating out the much more popular spots Abyssinia and Dahlak.  The spongey bread, injera, used to dip in all sorts of spicy combinations of lentils, beans, meat, and veggies is made fresh daily.  I'm fairly sure Kaffa sees less traffic than A & D due to the fact that they don't serve alcohol.  Best of all, prices on the coffee, tea, and food are much lower than other area spots.

I think what really completes the Kaffa experience is the diverse mix of folks that come through the door, from local Ethiopian families to students and punk rock kids.  It's a perfect representation of the neighborhood.  

I can't wait for more of your misir wot and ful, Kaffa Crossing.
I got to go on a date with Blake F., Erin F., and Felicia D. this week.

I'm new to Ethiopian food, but my compatriots are not. We got the veggie sample platter with a few extras, and Felicia and I split the lamb tibs. I was stuffed halfway through the meal, and we had left overs.

The food was good, though the lamb was a little gristly. I really don't know if this is how it usually is or not, though. 

Guess how much our bill was. GUESS! Really, really inexpensive. That's how much. 

It's a shame I don't live near by anymore.
Oh, fellow Yelpers, you've let me down. I had a hankering for good Ethiopian and the reviews of this place made me expect, apparently, too much.

First off, there's the location. It's hard to get over. I'm street savvy and not overly scared of watching my own back, but there's no getting over just how unpleasant this part of West Philly's ghetto really is. At 3pm on a weekday, it was already full of bums, crackheads, shady guys making comments, and more trash than I could wade through.

Seriously, the location is a dump. I wouldn't go here alone, even during the day, and I sure as hell wouldn't come here at night, even with company. So that's par for the course. (Also, I digress: if you're the grungy or dreadlocked type of hipster, or just down with a more street crowd, you might not get the sort of looks I did. It's not like I walked out here decked out like a prepster, but I definitely got extra flack for being a whitey-white girl being where she shouldn't be.)

The cafe itself is also very, very dingy. Paint peeling, rickety furniture, cracks in the flooring, more than a handful of free-roaming flies, etc. It was, I suppose, a little more "earthy" and a little less "homey" than I expected, in that regard. A glance behind the coffee bar at least told me that hygiene was definitely being maintained back there--can't speak for back in the kitchen, which is behind a solid door in the back.

The lady behind the counter was very nice and spoke very limited English, which is usually, to me, a sign of good things to come. I have a good bit of travel under my belt and language barriers don't phase me. My beau and I got iced coffee, which was ok (I still like Almaz's better) and ordered a hummus platter to start, as well as yebeg tibs (spicy) and kitfo (medium rare).

The hummus platter was generous, with decent hummus (probably not home-made), tons of extremely tasty green olives, and store-bought thick multigrain pita. Not exhilirating, but alright.

The meat dishes came served together on a large platter, on top of injera, with a tiny portion of collard greens, a mild crumbled white cheese (think Feta in looks but cottage cheese in terms of taste), and yellow lentils--these added sides were no more than maybe 3 Tbsp each, though the tibs and kitfo portions were almost too generous. There was also an extra plate of injera on the side--definitely more than plenty, so don't even think about ordering extra. ;)

All the sides were delicious, so I was sad the portions were so small. I did enjoy my partner's tibs, though I found it a little underwhelming and very greasy. My kitfo was floating in chili oil and, while tasty, had come raw rather than medium rare. (I loves me some still-mooing cow, but I also like to trust a place and don't generally get raw red meat items on a first visit, unless highly recommended.) That was fine, but how they managed to make raw ground beef heavy rather than light/refreshing, I don't know.

My favorite part was the injera. I found it a little less sourdough-y/tangy than Almaz's (not better or worse, just different) but the texture was perfect.

We dropped just under $50 with tip for those two iced coffees (which neither of us finished: rare for two ex-baristas), the appetizer, and two mains. It was too much, in my opinion, for the quality of food.

Worst part, I had to stop by the pharmacy on the way home for a bunch of antacids because the kitfo just started riling my stomach up. I don't know if it was a freshness issue (it tasted fine--but was very highly spiced, so I might have been off on that count) or just all the chili oil everything was floating in. It took a half pack of extra-strength Rolaids before I felt alright, and it took me out of commission for the rest of the day.

The service was friendly and not pushy; the atmosphere was laid-back. But the location was extremely iffy, and nothing about the experience makes me want to make another trip back to see if it was the kitfo's fault or my stomach's. Sorry Kaffa; I'll be sticking to Almaz from now on.
Continuing on my journey to try all the Ethiopian spots in Philly, Kaffa Crossing was a decent attempt. I originally gave this a 4 but after consideration of the food portion and quality of service, I have to give it a 3. My boyfriend and I shared the vegetarian combo as well as Doro Wot, and while the food was relatively good, the injera was cold and we didn't get that much food when compared to other places in the city. It was also kind of hard to get the staff's attention when we needed water or something.

I mean, for the price, it's worth it, and I guess you can easily get another serving if your party is feeling particularly peckish, but I can't say this would be my go-to Ethiopian spot if I had other options.
My free caramel flavored crack caffeine from Dunkin Donuts didn't quite do it for me so I was in the mood for a little something more. Since I remembered Sara's awesome review for here I decided to give it a try. and I have to say I'm glad that I did because this place is pure coffeehouse nirvana.

In a way it's very much a secret because it's the only thing on it's block that I can think of that's worth going too. I thought that I've had Iced Chai Latte before, but apparently I haven't because the stuff I've picked up before had nothing on what here dished out for me. and the menu is nothing short of exciting. There was plenty of veggie sandwiches, decadent looking chocolate cake, all kinds of caffeinated treats, and addicting sounding smoothies.

Great layout for a coffeehouse too. Every table had a power adapter close by for your laptop. there was plenty of cool Ethiopian decor, comfy couches, and a fully loaded bookshelf with scrabble too. I think I'm hooked!
Came here by recommendation for the Ethiopian food. I had the Yebeg Tibs Wot or something to that name.. which is the lamb in barbere sauce. I tried the mild at first but since it was lacking in flavor and mostly salty i asked for the hot sauce; hoping for more flavor but to my chagrin there was only fire with the spicy sauce. The atmosphere was a coffee shop for poets and school kids. The bathroom was quite big and pretty nice; although they had a South Philly plumber install the faucet. you know the old hot for cold and cold for hot.
So there's free Wifi here and I was able to check my email from my Ipod.
I always wondered how peeps trade up on privacy for public display of inter-netting. So out of curiosity I asked the girl sitting next to me on her laptop; (she had earplugs in so she could listen to her music while publicly displaying her saavy sense of googling) why she chose to do her work in a coffee shop rather than in the privacy of her home? She removed her plugs and said, "I don't have internet." 

I never even thought of that one. Wow, not paying for internet!
So you have to drudge all your work over to a coffee shop everyday. What a hassle. Hey but that's my opinion.

I watched the West Philly view through the huge window from inside the coffee shop and viewed a few crack whores stumbling by, heroine addicts, kids fighting with leftover building materials  and bums mumbling to themselves and less not forget the ravaged dilapidated homes. 

And for the first time in my many years of Philly living I got to see a Police Crimes Unit Truck ride past! wow, so that's what they look like!

As I walked down to catch the bus (since I'm on a mission to avoid parking tickets since they're now $36) the numerous damaged personage that walked around me like zombies made me realize West Philly can raise the rents and the property values but its still (to quote Sharon PInkerson at a meeting where she was speaking about the "Old PHilthy") The 3 D's... "Dirty, Dangerous & Disgusting"
Part cafe, part restaurant, and local hangout; this describes Kaffa Crossing.

I stopped by the other day for some din din and was really surprised at what I found when I walked in.

The location led me to believe that this place might not be as inviting as it actually was.  It's a couple stores up from 44th and Chestnut, slightly hidden by trees if you are driving by.  

Upon entering you find a very inviting space, with lots of tables spread around, couches, and books.  There were lots of local artwork on the walls, some of which it seem were for sale.  That was cool.  

The vibe of the place was very chill.  The night I went, there was live music.  It caught me slightly off guard since you walk right past the stage area when you enter the cafe.  But it's all good.  I like to make a big entrance anyway!

Everyone was really nice there.  I ordered the Yebeg tibs  (lamb dish with onions, tomato and jalapenos) from a very decent menu.  There were lots of vegetarian offerings, meat dishes and soups and salads and a few appetizers.  Not as extensive as other places, but rather solid menu. 

Service was great, it was sort of busy since there were a good number of people there for the music it seemed.

My dish was rather good.  The lamb was well seasoned, however not as spicy as I would have liked, but very exotic tasting.  It comes as little bits of lamb, not chunks or big pieces, so don't expect that.   I had this on top of a bed of very fluffy couscous.    I enjoyed the meal, along with the price, which was very inexpensive.

Apart from the eats, this place has great coffee.  So if you are looking for a good cup, good eats and some free Wi-Fi.  This place might be for you!
My neighbor brought me here for lunch. And I'm so happy he did. 

I was mildly familiar with Ethiopian food before this. I've been learning through our neighbors. After this meal I want to learn so much more. 

I went with the special beef tibs on the mild side. The flavor and tenderness were extraordinary. Paired perfectly with the injera 

And I love the iced coffee. Ethiopian coffee is special. 

Highly, highly recommend this place!
I like Kaffa. It's been around for years in a couple different iterations. When it first opened, it was exciting...Ethiopian food, sweet atmosphere and they held discussions, poetry readings and performances. That ended and it was strictly a cafe. Since then, they instated a full bar and offer good food. Service can be slow and at times, "figure it out yourself" but this isn't a place that is competing for a recognized spot in the Philadelphia food scene. It's a comforting place to eat good Ethiopian food. Try the spicy ful medames and order a beer. Make it a sweet lunch with a good friend and you have yourself an afternoon.
I hesitate to write about Kaffa Crossing simply because I don't want it to be over flowing with people on a Sunday.  Let them flock to Green Line...I'm off to Kaffa Crossing.  The coffee is great (all fair trade), they have vegan desserts, they have ready-to-go food in the display case and they have a full menu.  The food takes a long time to come out but it is delicious and usually I am there with my laptop, set up for the entire day so I'm never upset.  Their ful is great and cheap but they have some really good lentil dishes too.  They have juices and teas, all sorts of coffee drinks and the staff is friendly.  There is lot's of literature on a local activities and books for those who come without a good read.  You can sit outside or inside.  Also, every time I go there the crowd is racially mixed which I think is a sign of a good West Philadelphia business.  And I'm more comfortable there.  Just sayin.

The only reason Kaffa Crossing doesn't get five stars is because of the super long wait for food and the fact that they use a microwave to heat some of their dishes (but don't let that impact your understanding that the food is great!!!!).
I just moved up from DC, which supposedly (I've never verified this, but I've heard it repeated so many times that, gosh, it MUST be true!) has the largest Ethiopian population outside of Ethiopia.  So, when my friend here in Philly suggested we go to an Ethiopian place, I was, well, cautiously optimistic.  And I wasn't disappointed!

We split a giant vegetarian combo among the 5 of us.  It was good.  Not quite spicy enough, the injera was a little bland, but we were all full and happy by the time we left.  The cabbage, okra, and eggplant were the standouts.  Two people in the group got smoothies and the one I tried--some kind of fruit combo--was awesome.  Service was ok, I don't think the waitress was too happy with us for rolling in at 8 because they do want you to be done with your meal and out the door by 9.  Kind of odd for a restaurant.  Regardless, I'm glad this place is here and I'm glad that I can get decent Ethiopian food in Philly.
I would like to give this place more stars, because the food I was finally able to order was delicious, but when I went the last time, I tried ordering four different things before they finally had something available! This was a little frustrating because I was really looking forward to trying the doro tibs, but they were out. Then I tried to order the shiro wat, and they were out. Then I tried to order the tofu wat, but... you get the idea.

The misir wat that I actually did end up trying was perfectly spiced and very filling, the injera light and spongy and delicious, but it's still not really what I had wanted to get. The service was also VERY slow, although the cafe itself is pretty cute and they had some delicious looking pastries in the case.
Update:  Ok, there was handsoap the last time I went.  Every time I go and there is actually handsoap in the bathroom, I'll increase my rating by one star.
What a sweet little place. I haven't even tried the food yet but my roommates have said great things.. This is just a few blocks from our place so its conveniently located and a good place to do work or study. Its also much less crowded than the other cafes in the area so you can actually get a seat and an outlet.  =)

 I'm not sure if they usually play music but I came early on a weekend so it was pretty quiet. Only a few other tables were occupied with lap tops and coffee mugs. The interior is warmly decorated with Ethiopian art, dark wood with cherry red and light yellow paint schemes. (and I love a place with details like art glass transoms and tin coffered ceilings!) 

The best part of my experience was the woman behind the counter. I was short a dollar in paying for my coffee and ginger cherry biscotti but when I told her just to take the biscotti off, she insisted I take it. "I buy" she said. I wanted to hug her. What a wonderful gesture on a rainy Sunday morning!

I'll definitely be back soon.
Great food and sweet service. I had the Sambusa for my appetizer, and Special Tibs (beef) and Yebeg Tibs (lamb) for my entree. The Sambusa were a bit small, but still delicious. The entrees were both really tasty, and complimented injera served with it perfectly. 

I rarely have Ethiopian food, so take this with a grain of salt, but I had a good time, and would come back.
Since first reading the reviews on Yelp for this restaurant, I've been itching to go... I've been foiled a few times by their "we close at 9 so you have to be finished with you meal by then" policy.  Finally, this weekend, I got my chance!   We were definitely NOT disappointed!  The food was amazing; far better than the other West Philly options.  The dishes were cheap ($11 for the lamb, less that $10 for the veggies) and came with a ton of food.  We opted for the lamb dish (which came with a ton of lamb) and the veggie combination plus two other sides, which three of us gorged ourselves on.  Our total bill was less than $25 and we were stuffed!  The service was nice and certainly faster than most of the Ethiopian places (where I've waited over an hour for food).  A friend of mine (who just joined us for coffee) loved the coffee and the biscotti she ordered.  All in all, this is just what West Philly needs; a great coffee shop with fair trade coffee alongside an amazing, inexpensive restaurant.  Yay!
This review is strictly for the coffee, as I have not tried the food yet.

Dear fellow yelpers, 

It is such a joyous occasion for me to write to you today. After months of searching and searching, I have finally found the best coffee in the University city, Rittenhouse, Penn Center area. Kaffa coffee is one of those rare things in life where mere words can not articulate the experience. If you want the perfect blend of smooth delicate notes, with the perfect nutty accent, this is your cup of coffee. At under $2 for a "bucket"of coffee this is my new go to spot. The owner is super chill, but loves to talk about coffee. After a long day, or before; you owe it to yourself to try this coffee.
First thing I craved when I arrived in this "big city" was Ethiopian! Understand that I come from Norfolk, Virginia where their idea of exotic is take out Chinese food (which is on every corner btw). Did a quick search and tried to find something easy to get to by foot and public transport. This one popped up and I wasn't sure at first whether they would meet expectations. I mean... they're a cafe. Even when you walk in you're not very reassured because it's like you're walking into a Starbucks... and they don't serve meals!

Anyways, when I was handed a menu I was reassured and I saw the familiar items of tibs and wot! I have been here several times now and I do like their lamb and beef a lot. Chicken is ok, but I like the others better! The okra wot was slightly tangy which made it fun to eat. All the vegetables from chickpeas to lentils were fantastic. They also had a decent list of smoothies that seemed delicious as well. Bring your friend who have never tried Ethiopian food before! Remember... no utensils!
First time having Ethiopian food! Disclaimer: I am not a fan of injera - the spongy flatbread that's actually sourdough-risen and made out of teff flour (thanks Wikipedia). The texture is a little too soft and spongy for me; that and the sourness is not really my thang...HOWEVER, anything tastes good when you have super delicious lamb (doro wot). Far and beyond the best part of my meal. For a table of 4 girls, we ordered the hummus platter (feta cheese, olives, hummus, olive oil, $7), yebeg tib (chicken, $12.25), doro wot (lamb, $15), shiro wat (chickpeas, $9). Final came out to ~$12ish per person after tax and tip. Service was great but you had to ask for them to come over (but when they did, they took care of everything). Wash your hands before you start, ask for lots of napkins, refill your water, and don't forget to go up to the cashier to pay - they won't bring out the check. Kaffa Crossing is past 44th and Chestnut which is a little farther than I usually like to wander but I came here for a 6 PM dinner and finished by 7:30 when it was still light out and walked back as a group. It was fine, but definitely not in Kansas anymore.
Place was busy on a weeknight with a huge cross section of different folks. Food was intense and truly a treat for my tastebuds. They have a bar of you would like a drink and the service was fine. Only downside was a huge package of Injera sitting on the next table so you automatically know they buy it. But I'd definitely still do back!!
Man, we had one baddddddd experience here a couple weeks ago. 

Came here on a Friday night and there was only one person working the front of the house. Started off fine, as he took our orders and filled up our water glasses. Unfortunately, we wouldn't hear anything from him again for nearly an hour. No refills, no 'sorry, we're shorthanded and your food will be a little while longer', no 'can I get you some bread while you wait', or anything like that. Just straight ignored us or was in the back of the restaurant (probably cooking since we wouldn't see him for stretches of time). Finally someone in our party asked if our food would be ready soon, to which he assured us it would... and it didn't come out for about another twenty minutes.

With half of our table enduring headaches and ready to keel over from lack of sustenance, the food was quickly inhaled with a flurry of injera flying in all directions. We got the lamb, beef tibs, hummus platter, and ful to share. Both of the meat dishes were very chewy (I think I worked off more calories trying to digest them than were actually in the food), but well seasoned and sauced. The ful was good, the hummus was very good, and the injera was exactly what it should be. 

Our waiter never came back to check on us or to see if our food was all hot and what we ordered, and we basically had to chase him down later to pay for our meal. Amidst our endless wait, we saw other tables full of famished people hoping their food would arrive before midnight.

Thank goodness the food was (mostly) good, or this would have been my first 1 star review. That said, I sure as hell won't be back to find out if this experience was a fluke.
Beautiful restaurant and amazing food. Great place to meet friends, share a plate, and have long deep discussions. Support the restaurant and buy lots of food. It's worth it!
Hubby and I have been going to Kaffa Crossing for years.  We love their food.  That being said, I need to write this review, because it felt on deaf ears.

We were there several months ago, and the restroom had no handsoap.  So, I let someone know that there wasn't any handsoap, thinking it would be resolved.  

When I went to leave, there was still no handsoap, and I very tersely said to the woman who works there, "You need to have handsoap.  It's a health hazard not to" or something to that effect.

Fast forward to yesterday.  We hadn't been there in a while, and I had a hankering.  

You can see where this is going.  NO HAND SOAP.

I get it.  Things happen in restaurants behind the scenes we don't know about, but if they can't manage to keep handsoap in the bathroom, I can't imagine what else they can't manage to do.
It's been a while since I had Ethiopian food, but for what it's worth, get the vegetarian platter and include sides, that's the most price efficient way to go!

Must get: vegetarian platter, layered tofu wot, injera wraps
Meh: n/a
Missed: meat dishes

I gotta say, $40 for 4 people and stuffed to the brim is my kind of dinner spot. We came here on a weekday for dinner and were suprised to see only a few patrons dining at a prime dining period. However, that does not reflect the quality of the food.

My favorite was the layered tofu wot, which surprised all of us with its potent spice and appealing presentation. While all of us ordered the vegetarian platters, I decided to get the okra as a side, and instead of a tiny dollop, they served it on a huge basin, as if I ordered a whole dish of okra. My wife got the eggplant, which was also quite delicious. The only downside is the service can be a bit brisk and slow, but id doesn't matter when the food is so amazing!

Food: 5 stars
Service: 3 stars
Price: 5 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
The West Philly neighborhood I lived is culturally diverse. With an Ethiopian immigrant community nearby, I was very lucky to enjoy some authentic Ethiopian cuisine. Kaffa Crossing is my favorite, in that it offers both delicious Ethiopian food and high-quality ethically-traded African coffee.

I can't remember the names, but most platters I have ordered were tasty. Most dishes come with injera, a special type of spongy flatbread made from some type of grain. If you like adventuring exotic food, I highly recommend you to try some Ethiopian deliciousness at Kaffa Crossing.

[This review is part of my West Philly memories]
Started with a mango, banana Smoothie. Very tasty. Next up was the Sambusa. A deep-fried triangular pastry filled with potatoes, peas, carrots and spices. A little over cooked but still very good. Good flavor and just the right amount of spice. Yum. 
Next up to bat, The Kitfo. It's beef, spiced butter and spices. I opted for medium rare. It comes with injera. The bread indigenous to Ethiopia. Also comes with collard greens and a carrot/squash combo. 
I gotta say I wasn't crazy about my meal. I mean, when they say tiny pieces of meat they weren't kidding. Minuscule might better describe it. Meat flavor was indistinguishable. The taste of butter was far too powerful. Not enough spice cooked in either. 
The greens were on the bitter side. The carrots/squash was very good. 
I'm not an Ethiopian expert by any means. Matter of fact my only recent experience was at Era not long ago to contrast too. 
The meal at Era was memorable. It had my nose running a bit but in a good way. It was very spicy but soooooo good. And the flavors were excellent. To me the injera was better at Era, less cold and spongy. 
The waitress who seemed to be part of the family was very sweet. though
this place sells the famous four worlds bakery challah, which is THE best in the city.  i went on friday just to pick up the bread, and after seeing and smelling the amazing ethiopian platters, i was sad that i had other dinner plans.  will definitely be coming back here.
This place is really amazing.  They have really good cafe-type fare, and really good food, too.  Why don't I go here more?  For vegetarians like myself i strongly recommend the fake tuna salad, especially in summer.  I wish they sold it in huge containers because it is so delicious I would eat it every day.
Wow, I'm surprised to see so many good reviews for this place. I've been to quite a few ethiopian restaurants and this was probably my least favorite. We started with the super greasy overly fried Sambusa that was clearly cooked in grease that hasn't been changed in some time. The vegetarian sampler was better than the Sambusa, but like I said, mediocre is the best way to describe it. The misir wat and the kik aletcha wat were ok, but the tikel gomen and the collard greens were not so ok, especially the collards, which are usually my favorite. Lack of ambiance and subpar service can be overlooked if the food is good, this was not the case.
My first time eating Ethiopian!! I was a little nervous because I've heard the food can be a little on the sour side. I went with a couple of friends and we ate family style. 

We got their veggie platter and the chicken, lamb, and beef tibs. It was very flavorful and delicious! I loved all the little side vegetables that came with the meat. You eat with your hands, so make sure you wash your hands before your eat! The sour dough is soft and not too sour tasting. It also serves as a delicious edible delivery device. :) :)

The people were friendly and the restaurant was relatively clean. It wasn't too noisy either. I saw a few people casually studying here too. I will definitely be coming back again!!
Kaffa is a bit deeper west than I usually travel, but glad I did. Unlike most cafes which are kind of informal and hipster, Kaffa has got a very nostalgic coffee house feel to it. The coffee is served with a saucer and spoon rather than just a mug, and the people visiting give it a sort of small-town meeting-house feel.

As for the food itself, it's hard to be a fair critic because I don't eat Ethiopian much, but I found it enjoyable. The appetizer I ordered was basically shreds of injera soaked in spice and was very tasty. As for the main meal, I found it slightly less enjoyable than the appetizer, but still tasty. I forget exactly what I ordered, but it came out on a big plate covered in injera, with a large spread of sauce in the middle. (To be honest I didn't think the presentation was very good, almost reminding me of an unpainted canvas-- something felt missing.) The sauce was only mildly spicy and flavorful, which was disappointing, but it was spicy enough to pass and the injera itself had a slightly acidic flavor that was very tasty. And as for the coffee, it pleased as expected, with a signature acidic aftertaste.
I came here for lunch with some friends and we were all quite pleased with both the food and service.  We split the tibs (very nicely flavored and tender), kitfo (fresh and tender; we got it rare), and veggie platter.  The standout veggie dishes were the eggplant and collard greens.   They were nicely sauteed and flavored with garlic.  They went well with the injera, which was soft and spongy.  I love the coffeehouse vibe and the fact that they have an awesome raspberry swirl latte.  This is the place for good Ethiopian food in the city - plus, you can get a latte or smoothie to go.  One of these days, I will drag myself up and here to get the breakfast.
We went there yesterday and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The restaurant is not in the nicest of Philly neighborhoods, but don't let that deter you.  Kaffa is a vibrant yellow inside and very clean and open.  The service, while not quick, was attentive.  The food took a little while, but it was piping hot and fresh when it came out, so I cannot complain.   My boys, both age 12, were adopted from Ethiopia in 2009 and they are the ultimate critics.  We got the sambusa, vegetarian combo, shiro wat (a must have), yebeg tibs (lamb), and doro wat (chicken).  Everything was excellent.  We always like shiro wat and theirs was very good.  The yebeg tibs were a favorite and even enough to tempt me (a vegetarian) for a bite.  Sometimes Ethiopian food can feel like a staple (lentils, meat, etc.) all with the same spice...not the case here.  Every dish had great unique flavor, but complimentary so you could scoop up a parts of different dishes.  We got our food traditional family style and was surprised most of the other customers did not do the same.  I make a few Ethiopian dishes at home and they were kind enough to sell me a few bags of injera to take home!  We will definitely return.
I had a hankering for Ethiopian food, and I heard West Philly is the place to go for authentic fare of that cuisine. I came here recently with a few girls I was in a Wharton group project with last semester - our collective grievances with that class were indeed a unifying force, and partially explains why we continued meeting up long after our last assignment was turned in...

Anyway, Kaffa Crossing is on Chestnut between 44th and 45th, but it feels quite a ways away from even the westernmost tip of Penn's campus. I like the name; it is whimsical and romantic. The interior is modest and clean, though fairly spartan; softer lighting and light music would do wonders to create a more café-esque mood, but alas! As they seem to have wi-fi, I could totally see myself grabbing lunch and a coffee here to do some work away, physically and spiritually, from the overly commercial eateries offered on campus (Au Bon Pain, anyone?).

We ordered sambusas to start - and if you think it sounds like "samosa," points for you! It is indeed like a samosa, but with a lighter, flakier outer shell. I called it a "curry-filled wonton," which I'd say is a pretty good description! These were heavenly pillows of fried goodness :)

For my entrée, I got an individual portion of the vegetarian combo. (I would have shared with the rest of the table, but I felt like I was coming down with something, so I culinarily quarantined myself for the evening.) The food itself was a little underwhelming. I've never had a fully vegetarian Ethiopian meal, so it's probably unfair to compare with my past experiences, but I thought there could be more spice and, well, energy, if that makes sense. Still, I was full and satisfied, and the coffee I got was excellent! Apparently, they are fair trade, too.

If you are craving something off the beaten path, and you maintain your enthusiasm for hipstery things even when no one is looking, this might be the place for you :)
This is easily one of my favorite places in the city. Despite not being the biggest fan of Ethiopian food, I love their kitfo. They also brew a great cup of coffee, and the people that work there are some of the nicest you'll ever meet.  I normally come alone for the kitfo or to have a cup of joe and get some writing done, but it's also a good place for groups, meetings, dates and the like. 

It's really just a wonderful, warm and inviting place.
Slightly longer wait than I preferred, but the doro tibs was delicious and they were very accommodating for my friend's dietary needs.  Huge portions, kind service.  I can't wait to go back.
Space:
Clean, neat, fresh, colorful, enjoyable

Food:
Tasty, came out fast, good for Gluten Free & Vegetarians 

Service:
Attentive, pleasant, helpful
If you want a laid-back peaceful haven in West Philadelphia, this is the place to go. A high ceiling and large fans give the small location an airy atmosphere, and the Ethiopian art scattered here and there with joyful African music playing quietly in the background gives the customer a home-like, out-of-Philadelphia experience . Free WiFi enables patrons to get work done, all while feasting on delicious, healthy, and filling food. And if you need a caffienated pick-up, the coffee and cappucino are out this world!
I enjoyed both a delicious coffee and a delicious smoothie here and got a bunch of work done at this lively and cozy cafe/restaurant.
Delicious and inexpensive. I just had the best tibs for lunch. I can't believe I've driven past this restaurant so many times without trying it. It is now my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in the city. So incredibly delicious!
Kaffa is still far and away the best place to get a coffee in ucity.  

I've finally tried their ethiopian food, and it's delicious.

The whole atmosphere here is relaxed, fabulous, and moves at a "no rush" pace.  People from all walks of life come in here- ethiopian american families, students, spanish tutors and study groups, and old leftists book circles all stop by.  

Don't expect this to be like a starbucks.
My first time at an Ethiopian restaurant and I enjoyed it very much! Friends of ours who have had many meals here were excited to bring us since we're usually up for any type of food. We love food!  We had a really good time with great food  and great customer service.  

My favorite was the spiced lentils and collard greens. Truly, everything was tasty. I could eat their injira at every meal. The coconut chai smoothie was DEElicious.

The place was clean and our server left us wanting for nothing. We had a very positive experience and the food was super yummy! 

I will definitely be going back!
I've only had Ethiopian food a handful of times before, but I didn't find Kaffa Crossing to be particularly good. I wasn't feeling hungry enough for lamb or beef, so I ended up ordering the tofu wot. The injera was good, but I wasn't impressed with the tofu. The sauce had a hint of spice but was otherwise bland and kind of tomato-y. The service was mediocre and nothing special as well.

I don't know if I'd return for the food, but their coffee and drinks menu looked amazing (Peppermint patty hot chocolate? Raspberry swirl latte? Totally my kinda stuff) - I'd go back to try those!
Not sure why this has 4 stars. I'd hate to try out an Ethiopian restaurant in Philly with anything less than 4 because this place was shoddy. The service was crap because the cook was the host and server and the food lacked the level of spice you'd expect from a quality Ethiopian joint. I wish this place was better because by yelp, it's tops in the Philly area. I probably won't be back. 

And don't get the hummus.
My girlfriend and I wanted to camp out at a coffee shop for a few hours to do work and stumbled across Kaffa Crossing. As lovers of Ethiopian cuisine, and haters of crowded midtown Starbuck(s), the quaint West-Philly cafe seemed like a perfect option.

Not only does Kaffa Crossing make great coffee, but they serve perhaps the best Ethiopian food we've had in Philly. The spicy beef tibs and veggie combo were on point, and I can't say that I've had better injera outside of D.C. Plus Kaffa is a great place to do work!

For a quick coffee or a full-on Ethiopian feast, this place gets the job done, and does it well.
Kaffa has great smoothies, mini-snacks, authentic Ethiopian coffee. Their food is pretty good.
Walked in on a whim on a rainy evening because one of my friends had recommended it pretty highly. It was relatively quiet because of the storm I am guessing. I ordered their injera wrap (requested for it to be spicy) and boy it was wonderful! So much so that I ordered another one even though I was full. 

The place has a nice ambience, very clean, quiet space, brightly lit and free wi-fi. They have helpful staff and it is not very far from Penn's campus. So it is perfect to spend a day writing a paper or doing assignments. Their coffee is ok too.
Great Ethiopian eatery! If you have not tried injera bread before then try it because it can not be explained in words. Is it a pancake? Is it a crepe? Is it flat bread? No, it's injera! That is probably best way to describe it. However, it was pretty late and the bread probably was not freshly made to our order. So they were not as fluffy as I have tasted elsewhere. Nonetheless, staff were friendly and gave us a few extra things on the side just because we wanted to taste them. Moreover, although it is said to close at 9 pm but they kept it open past 10 pm because we walked in and in fact more customers came even when we were leaving. So I assume remaining open past their usual closing time is a norm here and the regulars know that too.

While you are here try the bread with tibs which has two versions - dry or gravy. I prefer the gravy one because you can soak the bread in the gravy. Again it also felt some what pre-cooked but still tasted good. Portion size is good and I think two person can easily share if they wanted. The bread itself is pretty filling and extra costs only a doller.

And don't forget the smoothies. They have a great number of mixes. I tried ecstasy, strawberry chocolate etc,  which went fantastic after the meal.

I will probably come back for their veggie dishes and coffee another time.
I love Ethiopian food. And so far this is the best tasting (and cheapest) Ethiopian place that I have gone to in Philadelphia. At around $9 for the plate, the vegetarian combination platter is a steal. It's entirely vegan. They are good at labeling their vegan items (and the entire vegetarian menu is vegan). 

The coffee is great and I love how during the day it acts as a coffee shop. 

4 stars for inattentive service.
By far The best Ethiopian place I've been to in Philly!
better than Dahlak, Ethio Cafe, and Abyssnia, 

- Had the fastest service I've experienced in a Philadelphian Ethiopian restaurant. Waitress was very sweet and quick with refilling water and bringing more injera. 
- We had kitfo, collard greens, and some other beef entree (I forget) for 2 people. Honestly I dont think we needed to order the collard greens because we were stuffed to capacity without finishing everything. Portions are huge and super cheap. Our total for 3 things was about $26.
- gave plenty of little sides, and the entrees were so mouth-watering/heaven
- free wifi, clean restaurant

will definitely be back again.
the only downside is they're not open on Sundays.
Kaffa Crossing is a very special place. A gem, even. They serve incredible Ethiopian coffee, nutty and satisfying. Which is a great start to a lunch here, though be warned - come hungry!!

My boyfriend and I always go for a double vegetarian platter. There is nothing in the world quite like the split lentils (misir wot). 

The cabbage and carrots (tikel gomen) are perfectly soft and a sweet contrast from the  spicy blend used on the lentils; berbere is the name of this divine Ethiopian staple.  The split yellow peas (kik aletcha wot) are comforting and simple. This platter is served with a light vinegar salad of romaine, tomato, cucumber and jalapeños!

The injera is always fresh, spongy and generously provided. This teff based "bread" will change your life. 

Wash your hands well prior to eating! There's something very invigorating about sharing a plate of food (with someone you like a lot, as it is an intimate experience) and using your hands. If you're feeling adventurous and love your tastebuds, this place will please you!


Service is excellent. Very friendly and attentive without interrupting. They seem to show up only when you need them. It does take a good while to receive your food, so don't try to squeeze this into your day if you're busy. The food itself will keep your belly happy for hours! I'm happier every time I make it back here. Simple food done well.
Kaffa Crossing is my favorite cafe in the city. The coffee is cheap and delicious while the Ethio-Jazz sets a laid-back, welcoming atmosphere. During the Premier League season, folks are always around watching the weekend's games. It's definitely a great place to step in for coffee.
Went here for a meal recently with two friends.  While I like the ambience...a pretty environment, cozy and bright--the food was not up to par.  We got the sambusa appetizers (good), the beef tebs (good but not great) and the veggie combination (meh).  The veggie combo in particular was not as savory and well-spiced as at other Philly Ethiopian places.  And our food came out lukewarm.

Service was very, very slow; there seemed to be only one fellow working the place...running the coffee spot and serving as waiter.

My friends liked the coffee.  My hot chocolate was not at all chocolatey.  So my advice is, if you are looking for  a place to grab a coffee and chat, this will do.  If you want tasty Ethiopian grub, go elsewhere.  If you don't have two hours to dine, go elsewhere.
I like Kaffa because it's close to home.  If I want to step out and have a cup of coffee and change my scenery, it's the place to go. The coffee is decent; I've yet to try any food there beyond the biscotti, which has been fine. It's also nice that they have wi-fi.
It has been a while since I came here. When it first opened many years ago I tried their coffee and meet up with friends. I have tried their food with few friends in the past and I thought if matched other Ethiopian restaurants in West Philly. 
This time I came here my daughter and her friend. The waitress was really friendly, the place looked more open and lighter than other Ethiopian places. The service was surprisingly fast considering there was this one waitress who took orders, served tables, and manned the bar. I think we all enjoyed the food; the food tasted fresh, and they give you lots of injera (we actually couldn't finish them all so had lots of left over injera). The flavour some how didn't taste as flavourful as I remembered from years ago. I guess nothing to complain, but it felt like it was missing something. I did enjoy the veggies that came with the platter, that was perfectly cooked I think I could have just eaten that. Definitely a nice place to eat.
The coffee here is great. The vibe is great. The fact that most of their products are fair trade is great. 

What is not great is what the service turns into when the place is crowded. I guess that's typical of a lot of similar places, but if you're going to serve food at a coffee house, you need to be prepared for customers to eat and drink. 

Still, I think the mission of Kaffa is fantastic, and everyone is always super nice. It's a little out of the way for me, but you can also park in the lot if you have a car. I don't have a car. Boo.
Kaffa Crossing, your coffee is bomb. There's plenty of other great things about you but let's just compliment your coffee for right now. I wouldn't want you to get a big head or anything!
YUM!  

1. AMAZZZZZZZZZING food
2. Good service and the management cares about what the customers think. They're super nice to talk to. 
3. Cute, authentic atmosphere with a coffee-shop kick. 
4. Get the okra dish. I am in love with it. 


PS. When I made a reservation there once they made me call back the day of, because they didn't do advance reservations or something. It was kind of weird.
Great food for a great price! The portions are really big so expect to be food comma-ing for a few hours afterwards. My friend and I came for dinner and both got the vegetarian combo platter, which we both found to be delicious. It was also super refreshing to eat with our hands!
Just a heads up that it gets really hot in the summer due to the lack of ventilation.
My first ever Ethiopian food experience. I thought the spongy injera was very sour (it's probably supposed to taste like that, but I thought it tasted like a spongy thin pancake going bad). Lamb was ruberry, but had very nice flavor and seasoning though. Tofu wot was sour too, so when eaten with the injera...uuhmm it wasnt dynamic flavor. The two stars were for the flavor of lamb and for the service. The lady was really nice.
I love this place! It's my spot, especially when I'm ravenous. I mean the portion sizes are enough to share for two, but I can devour my own meal in a few minutes. I love the lamb and the beef portions (kaffa tibs). It's small and service is slow so expect a wait or expect to sit. I always come in and plan on spending time here for at least an hour or so. I love to sit and drink some tea. Either way don't think you're just coming in and walking out. Sometime during the day I just crave food from this place. It's just that good - puts you in a dream like state.
I was so looking forward to eat Ethiopian for about a year. It was a pleasure to have my first Ethiopian food experience at Kaffa. I got Misir Wot which was very very good! The spices were just enough, nothing too crazy and the texture was just as perfect as i imagined. i can't wait to try more of the menu.
Easily my favorite restaurant West of the Schuylkill...and beats most of those to the East as well. I love this place, and the owners are super-friendly! They have vegan options on their menu which is great, and everything is delicious.
Best Ethiopian food I've had in Philly! Kaffa's got lots of awesome veg options (like their raw mock-tuna salad and the only existing "tofu wat" in the city, if not the whole U.S.), plus lots if stuff for egg-and-meat-eaters. They're also a full service coffee/tea/smoothie bar--all fair trade! And the food is cheap: $8.50 for a 5-dish veg combo with extra injera!
I'm rating this as an Ethiopian restaurant, not a coffee shop. 

The ambiance of this place is great. Funky, comfortable, and welcoming. Service was friendly and attentive. 

Had chicken tibbs for dinner tonight. The flavors were strong (in a good way), but the food didn't seem to come together in the way that I'm used to good Ethiopian food. The food was apparently made from scratch, because it took about 40 minutes to arrive. I asked in advance how long it would take (20 minutes) and was prepared to wait. I pulled out my laptop to do some work. I was shocked to find out that the connection speed was 19Mbs upload AND download. http://www.speedtest.net/result/2162074612.png

Overall a good experience. I'd come back.
As a coffee shop junkie, I've got to say that Kaffa Crossing is the best place I've found in West Philly for when you want something more than your standard coffee and espresso. In addition to the usual fair trade coffees, Kaffa Crossing has a pretty unique menu of specialty drinks that cover any craving you might have. They also have a great selection of smoothies that are a tasty alternative when you don't need that caffeine fix (or when you want to at least pretend that you've had something healthier than the peppermint patty hot chocolate you had your eye on). The biggest perk might be that it's one of the few places in West Philly that takes credit cards. With free Wi-Fi and a cozy interior, Kaffa Crossing is a great addition to Chestnut St. that brings something different while still feeling like a part of the neighborhood.
It has been a while and we visited kaffa crossing after 2 years...we went there before maybe 3 times...but this last time was a bit odd, the food did not taste very Ethiopian as we know it...the chicken was seasoned with something that tasted like grilling seasons and same with the lamb, which did not differ much at all. For once I did not enjoy anything but the lentils...too sad, because I always travel 2 hrs to go to this place.
The food was good. Good quantity. The Injera is something very close to Indian Dosa. The only reason they get 4 starts is because the food was cold. Will surely visit again!
Ive been trying out different Ethiopian restaurants in the area and this was horrible. Disgusting. Not sure how its highly rated. The doro wat was dry tough and seems old or something. It was theeee worst doro wat I have ever tasted in nj or Philadelphia. The tofu tibs were just tofu in seasoning not really marinated or textured. The only thing edible was the vegetable combo but even that was mediocre. I would never go here again. O! The egg was yummy.
The sevice was terrible. The server(lady) was very rude she keep talking to us in her native language even though she knew we spoke English not her language I guess Amhara? How rude to assume ever one should know your native tongue.
No greeting no smile sad !!!!She never came back to our table. Awful. 2 star because food wasn't too bad as service was. I hope the owners of this place read this post and take corrective action for their business interests.
Food was great, cook to the perfection. Will be back for more. The server is friendly just wish they have enough hands to make it faster.
I love the injera bread which is not extra sour or mushy in texture. The veggie selection is excellent and I am a meat eater. The Ethiopian coffee has a wonderful flavor and made fresh. To me the coffee is equal to Starbucks in terms of texture. I love the new decor. I will make this place my staple.
Bad. Bad. Hella bad. I am spoiled when it comes to amazing Ethiopian in Cleveland with Empress Taytu. Admittedly the bar has been set really high. With that being said, the atmosphere here was bad...it was dead silence most of the time, none of the amazing Ethiopian music I've enjoyed at the hometown restaurant. There was no option for traditional seating which i enjoy. The servers were not very friendly or hospitable. We ordered the Sambusa and vegetarian combo plate. My wife's Sambusa was cold on the inside it was served with no delicious sauce...as I am again used to. The veggie platter was very bland, the lentils were a bit runny. Reminded me of dog food for consistency. All of the food was lacking the amazing spices and flavor profile that makes Ethiopian so Damn delicious. We were not half way through our meal before we were asking for the check and ordering our uber to get the hell out of there. We paid the bill as we discussed where we would go to get real food because we were both hungry. We eat Ethiopian regularly and this was by far the worst experience I've ever had. We took a loss on this one. Wish I could give negative stars.
Great food.  Had dinner there last night with my wife and back again tonight.  Visiting Philly from VA...Date weekend and chose Kaffa for our meal.  Derek Tibs are fabulous...
First time trying Ethiopian food. Very interesting texture. Cute little environment with a very chill vibe. The food is pretty good but the coffee is amazing. Just get the regular black coffee with milk and sugar on the side. It is hands-down one of the best coffee I had in town!
Very very slow service. I had to wait for over an hour to get my food to be served on a non busy day. There were only 2 other occupied tables on a saturday night. I almost thought that the food was coming from Ethiopia. Although the food was good but the service was pathetic
One of the, if not the best coffee I've had in Philadelphia. 1$80 for a very large organic, fairtrade Ethiopian coffee. Unbeatable. Fast wifi and friendly service. You might want to bring headphones however, the music is like an ethiopian Kenny G.
I have been to a good amount of Ethiopian restaurants because of my love for the food, especially the injera (fermented bread) that it is served upon. I decided to come here for my birthday awhile back and was absolutely amazed by the deliciousness of the food here. It was all so flavorful and captivated my palate. I will surely be returning any chance that I get.
I had injera for the first time and it was exactly the taste and texture I imagined--a pleasant sour and spongy bread.  The cafe is quiet and cozy, especially for their block of West Philadelphia, but the service was impersonal and unaccommodating (no egg whites).
My Queen suggested this place and I got it say. I'm VERY glad she did. I find it to be very genuine. It had a very subtle style of scenery. The lady at the front was kind and very nice to me and my queen. All in all if you want authentic food from Ethiopia... come here.
Kaffa's Crossing is a real gem in West Philly.  I wish I lived closer! First of all, there is always parking on the block, so accessing it is easy.  Second of all, it's got GREAT prices.  Third, and most importantly, the food is great.  I personally love Ethiopian food, as it is pretty similar to Indian food, which as a brown fool is near and dear to my heart.   The red spicy lentils were the best version of that I have probably ever had.  Additionally, the injera was perfect - spongy and soft and tasty.  The portions are huge for the price you pay.  And I think I enjoyed this Ethiopian food experience the best so far in Philly.  Almaz and Dhalak are good - but this is way better. I totally think it's worth the trek into West Philly.  GO HERE.  Tons of vegi options to :)
I did love this place however the quality has gone to zero.  They do not speak English.  There is no one there when you get there to pick up your order you called in for at 1pm which you finally got at 1:45pm.  The person who answered the phone to take the order and does the cooking is Hispanic and doesn't speak English.  The owner showed up finally to have me pay for the food and had the nerve to get upset with me for letting him know the last time I was there the Shiro (a traditional Ethiopian food) which is a brown gravy made from chick peas was super watered down and literally looked and tasted like chicken gravy.  It was see through.  Shiro is not see through. It also came slopped all over the plastic container with an open lid not encased in injera like it normally does and got all over the place.  I'm sorry I didn't take a photo of what came to me last time because the owner acted like I was crazy.  The owner also got mad at me for suggesting that no one speaks English here and that perhaps there should be an Ethiopian cook.  I wouldn't go to Ethiopia and expect for them to speak English when I am ordering my food.  This is an English speaking country and a business.  I have to be able to call and easily place my order and as stated the last time I went there the food was disgusting and not right.  Maybe they should have an Ethiopian cook and not a Hispanic one.  I don't know.  It's just a thought since it is an Ethiopian restaurant.  I mean I can't make Ethiopian food and wouldn't dare try.  This is a restaurant and a business but they sure don't run it like one and are incredibly rude while giving you poor service and food.  Never again.  Need to find a new and better Ethiopian restaurant here in Philly because this one is awful.
An Ethiopian Restaurant with a bar. The food wasn't bad but the service could had been better. The bartender was also our server. Service was quite slow. Unsure if it was just when we went but our drinks came out when our food did and there were only 4 people at the bar. In other countries the steps of service differ and that is something that I also considered when writing this review.
