Good enough yet overpriced for what it is. They also have a juice bar. 

My lamb gyro plate came with fries and a drink at $11+. The lamb was dry. I like that the shawarma had a lot of veggies but the shawarma itself is small. If it wasn't for the fries I wouldn't be satisfied. 
Side note** There are middle eastern places in Los Angeles that serve a gyro shawarma plate with higher quality and more quantity of food (a lot of tender meat overfilling the pita with 90% meat to veggies ratio that there's a toothpick to hold it all together and you'd need both of your hands to eat it, with sides of homestyle potatoes with cilantro lemon garlic sauce, and pickled vegetables) for $10+.

I get that it's a touristy place but I wouldn't come back for their lamb gyro shawarma. It was lacking compared to gyros from other middle eastern places.
Kamal's is located inside the Reading Terminal Market in downtown Philadelphia.  They offer middle eastern food.  They have a great choice of vegetarian options as well.  They also offer healthy smoothies and desserts.  Seating is limited, so get there early.  Also don't forget to get your parking stub validated to save a ton on parking.  The falafel sandwich is outstanding!  Priced at under $9.  Try it with hot sauce, you won't regret it!  My go to place whenever I'm downtown!!! Highly recommend!
I had a tasty and fresh fruit smoothie here! I was craving something refreshing because of the nice, hot weather today and they delivered! I got a medium pineapple, mango, and banana smoothie and added coconut milk to it for $0.50. It wasn't too sweet and was well worth the price to me. My sister said she loved hers too. I felt so compelled to write this review because of the super friendly and fast service here!! The man that took our order was so nice, even though it was late in the day.
We stopped here to grab some lunch from the infamous Reading Terminal Market and decided on Kamal's Middle Eastern. I tried #3 the chicken kebab platter. It was good and very filling! I was disappointed that I couldn't take my leftovers with me since I had to attend a meeting. 

They have a few barstools for seating, which was a huge relief because not all of the places inside had that option. The owners were friendly and took great care of us while we dined. 

I will definitely come back here when I'm back in town.
- As a Middle Easterner, and as a lover of Shawarma sandwiches and platters, Hummus, Tabouli, Baba Ghanoush "eggplant dip", and pita bread,I find this spot to be convenient (ideal location in Reading Terminal Market) and reasonably delicious. 
- if you are into pies, this spot is for you. I would suggest the Lahm Bajeen Pie (i.e: ground lamb/beef pie), Spinach pie or Zaatar pie.
 - Looking for healthy options? try the Tabouli, or my favorite the Grape Leaves.
Seriously, the menu is has a lot of options for both Veg/Non-Veg dinners.
 Bonus: Kamal's is famous for its cold-pressed juices and smoothies. 
Now, I gave it three stars because I wouldn't go out of my way to get my Shawarma, if I was carving one. It wasn't the best in the city. Sorry Kamal! 

P.S: The restaurant staff has verbally confirmed halal status.
Three Yelps.
Solid middle eastern food.

The place is in the Reading Terminal, and definitely has a presence. A curated menu that packs a lot of food per item. The main draws are the platter options - either the preplanned ones or they have a make your own option. 

I ordered half grape leaf/half hummus platter and felt it did the job to satiate my craving. The grape leaves were well packed and you get a good amount of them. The platter also comes with a salad and pita bread that I used for the tabouleh and hummus. The food was good, but a bit foodcourt-y. 

They also have a nice list of smoothies that can be ordered, which I found very refreshing for a middle eastern place. I ordered their banana, strawberry, and blueberry option! There's a host of add ons that you can throw in (protein, peanut butter, etc.) but I kept it simple.

The workers were friendly and were able to explain the menu options well. There was hardly any wait to order when we went, and once adding in our order, it was quick and fresh when it came out. 

Overall - would likely go for just a smoothie if I came back here, I thought the food was alright enough, but nothing stood out that was crave inducing.
This review is based on the fruit smoothies I have quite frequently stopped here for. Yes, they are that good!

Although I've tried a few different kinds, my recent favorite has been the mango, pineapple, and kale smoothie. It is so refreshing! A small will cost you roughly $6.50 and a medium is $a7.25. I kind of go back and forth with the sizes, depending on my level of hunger/thirst. =P

Service is good, and staff is friendly and patient. I usually get stuck in a line when I go, but it moves pretty quickly. 

I've made it kind of a "tradition" that I stop here for a smoothie before I head to Four Seasons next door for a mani and pedi. Pretty sure I'll be sticking to it!
grumble...I'm eating the three-choice-combo (falafel, hummus, & eggplant stew) as we speak.  I should have consulted with Yelp before stopping here during my lunch hour shopping extravaganza...what was I thinking?

Since I'm cooking pork tenderloin tonight from the Fair Food Farmstand, I decided to go veg. at lunch.   I think falafel is the feather in the cap of veg/vegan food, so I stopped by Kamal's for the first time.

Hmmm...I'm still eating it as I type, but that's only b/c I'm hungry.  The falafel is cold and way too salty.  It's sitting atop a bed of cilantro, or is that salad?  I can't really tell.  Eggplant stew is sour, with mushy red and green peppers.  They were kind enough to include a "pita," but it's so stale I could frisbee it to my co-worker down the hall.  Hummus, because it's edible, is decent by comparison to everything else.

C'mon...I should have known better; the shawarma meat looked like an old, leather shoe.  I'm smarter than this!

Ah well, it's a sad day for Middle Eastern food...but I'll be sure to stop by Maoz on the way home to erase this bad memory.
More like Meeeehhhhk than Meh. This place will draw any stupid, starving twinkled eyes tourist in who can't make up their mind and needs to eat now before all hell breaks loose (me). It looks like it will totally be awesome. Yes, they've got the fam there making shakes and shaving off meat. There's an amazing spread of phyllo spiraled treats you could almost touch with your own hands if that plexi-glass case wasn't in the way. There are always seats taken at the bar giving the appearance of popularity (note: they are totally cool if you sit on their stools and not buy).

But at first bite... there is cheap Italian dressing mixed into the tahini? The falafel is mush. The veggies taste like they come from some Sam's Club mix. The fries are soaked in oil. Let's go back to that cheap Italian dressing. It was in my mom's chicken shwarma as well. That's no way to welcome a guest!

Final word, when passing by Kamal's, keep moving!
Located close to convention center. This is the place to eat if you prefer to have halal food. I tasted The platter with chicken and lamb . The amount is good enough to fill you up. Great taste. Sitting is limited. Lot of variety to choose from. Come and bring your appetite. You will not be disappointed.
Though I never had any of their dishes they make I am giving them 3 stars on their beverages.  Smoothies, to fruit concotions, down to the Mint Lemonade. Kamal' s has some great  options to quench anyones thirst.  The food part of it does look interesting, along with some of their desserts.  I will eventually give it a try, but being I'm inside a foodies paradise it's hard to fully commit to one spot. 
 
Located right in front as you walk in from 12th St. side of Reading Terminal you can't miss this corner location . Go with the Mint Lemonade, you'll enjoy it and your taste buds will too.
One of the first restaurants you see when you enter from the 12th street entrance closer to Arch St. I couldn't decide between a lamb vs chicken schwarma, but the person behind the counter said he can do a mix of both! He subsequently asked whether I wanted it with hummus vs tzatziki sauce, which I didn't expect to be given the option (I got the tzatziki). I also had a side order of falafel since it was given good reviews. The shwarma was actually pretty big, almost a size of a full hoagie. The entire dish was delicious, and the lamb was especially tasty. I definitely would recommend it. The falafel was a little dry for me, but it was still tasty. Finally, it seems they sell a variety of juices as well, but I didn't try them.

Rating: 7/10
Pros: Fastly made, decently priced, large shwarma, tasty lamb
Cons: Falafel slightly dry
Their smoothies were the only reason why I came here. The quality has decreased and I have no intention of coming back to try another one. Went for the Razzle Dazzle smoothie. The smoothie was so watery that I had to take it back. Instead of making a whole new  one, they just poured the contents back into the blender and added ice to thicken it up. Somehow the same amount ended up right back in the 20 oz cup I had ordered. It still tasted awful, lacked flavor or sweetness, and was just overall disappointing. For how pricy this drink was, you'd think it would taste way better. Bleh. 

They still microwave some of their dishes and I've seen better dessert elsewhere at a cheaper price. Skip this place.
We didn't try too much at Kamal's during a recent visit to the RTM. We ordered the Tabouil, Baklava and two smoothies.

The smoothies were very good. I had this mint lemomade smoothie with rose water. This was unique and refreshing and I would order this again. The Tabouli was just average, nothing special. We were a little disappointed with the Baklava and would not recommend this.

I would go back to Kamal's but I would pay strict attention to Sari A's review and recommendations. I'll try one of the pies.

3 Yelp stars.
Their smoothies are so good. And if you buy a smoothies from their you receives a punch card and after 10 punches you receives one FREE.....So if you are in the are go check them up. They sale other things but We just get  the smoothies. Make sure that it taste fruity before you walk away the first time it was real good and the next We was down their shopping and be for we left went their and walked away and it tasted like water. So we had to take them back and the second time around was so good and we said we should've brought a larger one next time. Sorry
Another favorite smoothie place of mine is Kamal's. This family owned business in Reading Terminal has been serving my family delicious smoothies for years. Today I ordered the Summer Breeze with a Tablespoon of Soy Protein, Sea Moss and Vitamin B shot. I am off to a great start with this tasty beverage. They also have smoothie reward cards.
I was looking for a healthier option at Reading Terminal Market, and Kamal's was a solid choice for a light meal. 

I ordered and shared the #8 baba ganoush plate, lentil soup, and spinach cheese pie. The baba ganoush plate was disappointing in appearance (it looked nothing like the photo) but came with a nice variety of sides, including tabouleh, hummus, baba ganoush, a simple side salad, and a few slices of pita. Although fresh, everything tasted pretty average. The lentil soup was also just okay, but the spinach cheese pie was unexpectedly delicious! Warm, flaky, and tasted sooo good with a little bit of their tzatziki sauce.

I'll have to come back to try their shwarma. Two different customers (who saw me struggling with what to order) reassured me that the food here is amazing, and both agreed that this was their favorite spot in the market. Unfortunately I wasn't that impressed, but maybe I'll have to try their popular meat options next time.
***VEGAN/PLANT BASED EATER*** This place is excellent at accommodating vegans! I customized my own smoothie with spinach, banana, mango, pineapple, 3x the chia seeds, and dates with no ice, just water. The smoothie was delicious, but their vegan falafel was even BETTER. Their vegan yogurt-like sauce tied it all together nicely. The young man helping me was so patient and kind and was attentive to my every need. Thanks for giving me such a positive experience! If I ever return, I'd definitely come back here.
Because I am unimpressed with the level of cleanliness here, I have confined my purchases to items made off-site:   Pita bread and spinach pies.  Those items have been adequate.   I truly want to love this place, but I just can't until they clean up their act.  Literally.    

For good Middle Eastern food at about the same price point, try Mama's (Vegetarian), Bitar's or Cedars.  For a more upscale experience go to Zahav. 

Do not buy the baklava here.  It is swimming in syrup, which is wrong, wrong, wrong.  For the real deal, and if you can postpone joy for a few days, then order baklava from Shatila (www.shatila.com), whose phyllo-dough-based pastries are world class.  Truly worth the wait.
There's a good chance that the individual items on my grape leaves platter may well have been good, tasty Middle Eastern food but it was hard to tell.

The salad had a big dollop of humus on it, the tabbouleh and the grape leaves had been liberally squirted with hot and tahini sauces and the whole thing had just become a big pile of food instead of individual fresh-tasting items that each had their own personality as mezze. It was a mess!

The Middle East is a big place with many varied recipes for the common dishes. It was impossible to say which style of cooking this was but, either way, nowhere in the Middle East do any of those items have any affinity with tahini and hot sauces, as much as I love both.

Time for my usual Middle Eastern bread moan. It's a artisan market and at the very least I would expect fresh, home-made bread. It's so easy to do and always wows diners. Given the way the platter was served and the rock hard commercial flatbread this place just smacks of laziness and a lack of love for food. It has no place in the market.
I'm only giving this place 2 stars because, sadly, I have had worse.

I recently ordered a falafel from Kamal's. I love falafels... LOVE them, but this one = TERRIBLE. My hopes were so high because like many of you I didn't consult yelp before stopping here, and man were they shattered. The flavor was strong in all of the wrong ways and something about it just seemed... old, as though the falafel balls had been made weeks ago and were left out at room temperature the entire time. I also disliked the lack of whole wheat pita option and the generic lettuce, tomato, onion (maybe?) toppings. I suppose there was tahini on it too... also not great. I can't find anything nice to say. Stay away.
Amazing! I'm not big on doing reviews but I loved the platter I got from here. The shawarma was delicious not over cooked, the rice was just perfect, salad was light and the hummus just made it. The portion was enough for two meals and it included a pita which was delish to pile everything on the next day. I actually called back to ask what was in their rice because I enjoyed it that much lol. Staff was super friendly! Will be back if I'm in the area again
OMG. Your walnut baklava is the best!!! The. Best. Not too sweet, crunchy, buttery goddess! I regret I didn't try it sooner!

Oh, and can you please stop it with your ridiculous shwarma?! It is so so good!

I am very happy you made it through COVID. If not, (besides being in a shwarma and baklava drought) I would have had to find another place to get my smoothies EVERY time I go to RTM.
Located in Reading Terminal Market. I didn't order any food, but went to try their Lemonana which I had read and heard about. The drink is a mixture of lemonade, mint leaves, and rose water with blended ice. It was minty, refreshing, and lightly sweetened. I really liked it, but I also tend to like flower/plant tasting foods. My friend, on the other hand, doesn't and didn't enjoy it as much. We also ordered a ginger shot which was very strong and concentrated, as it should be.

$7 card minimum. Service was fast!
Probably one of the healthier options at Reading Terminal and also a good option if you have a vegetarian in your group. The falafel and grape leaves platters tasted as I would expect and portion sizes were good. 

Tried a cold beet shot in an attempt to inject some quick nutrients into my system. Does that beet shot balance out the massive steak I had yesterday? Anyway, it's basically served in a small condiment container so to avoid a possible beet-stained bumping catastrophe, we immediately took the "shots" at the counter. After all, there's always a ton of people at Reading Terminal - especially during lunch! There was no surprise there either as the shot basically tasted like a liquified beet. I hope my body thanks me for all those vitamins
I went to RTM near the end of the day a few weeks ago, my only goal being a hot meal. I wandered aimlessly around for several minutes before Tony Stark started whispering "shawarma.. shawarma.. shawarmashawarma" in my head. And so I went to Kamal's. 

After I ordered my shawarma, the owner struck up a conversation with me. We had a really nice, long talk! He was super nice, and genuine, and it made me super excited to try his food. I knew I was going to love it. 

But.. I didn't. Not really. I'msosorry. I didn't love it. I didn't really enjoy the chicken, or the side of rice. I didn't really enjoy that the shawarma was put on top of a cold salad, making them both near room temperature instead of separately warm and cold. The pita was also very dry, but that could be easily chalked up to the fact that I got there before closing. Lastly, I didn't enjoy the $12 price tag. 

I liked the tabbouleh salad that it came with? 

Sorry, Kamal.
I walked around the whole Reading Terminal Market after 5 pm on a Sunday, and since a lot of places were closed, I ended up deciding to come here. I got the chicken schwarma pita, which was pretty good. But it was a bit too salty/sour for my taste. It was strictly a 4/5 meal.
Good customer service, quick delivery but the food wasn't tasty. It's a shame cos they have a prime spot in the market too.
First of all, don't be an idiot and sit on the counter if you didn't buy anything from their restaurant.

We were eating our way through the market and the teenaged boy in our gang was craving a shwarma, so here we were. I got a side order of the hummus and pita and shared dessert, some kind of nutty sweet bar that was aaaaaamaaaaaaaazing and of course, baklava.  Overall, thoroughly hit the spot and priced appropriately.

Staff was quite friendly, if not brisk - understandable as they had a long line of hungry folks to serve, not to mention people like us at the counter.
I come here for the delicious Razzle Dazzle (bannana, strawberry, and blueberry) Smoothies. $4.49 for a 20oz medium. A bit pricey, but delicious and very filling. They use fresh fruit which is a plus. 

I don't get the food here since they seem to microwave half of it which is a turn off. The sweets look delicious though. I may try a baklava or kataifi one day soon when I'm willing to risk getting a cavity.
Walked around the Reading Terminal in search of a salad with chicken on it but couldn't find anywhere else other than the salad bar and Kamal's. I decided to get it from Kamal's so I could also get a smoothie. They were able to make a smoothie like one I absolutely love from a different state so I was very happy about that (peanut butter, cacoa nibs, chai protein, dates and something else) but the salad wasn't very good sadly... had a strange taste to it so I tried to eat the chicken but couldn't really even eat it. I'd go back though for the smoothie for sure! Plus their staff is really nice and they move very quickly!
I have never sat down and had lunch here, and based on the comments of others, I never will.
However, if you putter over to the other side of the stand where the desserts are, the staff is friendly and helpful. I always grab a smoothie from here with coconut milk, honey, and banana. Yum. The dessert options are really delicious also, and pretty fairly priced.
It's sad that is like night and day between the two sides of this place, but don't write them off until experiencing the non-lunch side!
I would rather go home hungry than eat here again. It was like eating fried and then microwaved sawdust balls. I am on a mission to eat at every place in RTM once (except the weird salad bar place, I mean seriously, who would go THERE in this culinary wonderland?). Well this place  fell WAY below the standards of decent/amazing food expected at the RTM.
This review is solely for the smoothie that I got here and the customer service that I received.

I was really craving a smoothie and was in the middle of Reading Terminal, so I decided to wander towards the first smoothie sign that I saw. The smoothies at Kamal's are made in a corner, so customers can't see clearly what ingredients are going into their drinks - a little disturbing for me, but not uncommon nonetheless. 

Here's the unusual and funny thing. I saw one of the employees (let's call him "Employee #1) making a green smoothie, and I asked the other employee ("Employee #2") what ingredients were in it. Employee #2 began answering my question, saying "Oh there's spinach... and kale..." and then, mid-sentence, he just turned his attention to another customer, asking for her credit card to pay! When Employee #2 got the credit card from the other customer, I caught his attention and asked him again what was in the green smoothie that was being made earlier. He said, "It has all the greens, kale and spinach..." and then he turned around mid-sentence and left again! I honestly don't even know what to make of the situation - I felt so disrespected that I was basically completely ignored....twice.

I finally got the attention of Employee #1 who actually fully answered my question and recommended that I get a mango-pineapple-kale smoothie if I wanted something green. The smoothie itself... was alright, especially since it cost me $5. The smoothie could have been smoother and sweeter, but it wasn't a bad smoothie.

I guess I'm just severely turned off by the rude customer service that I received.
Kamal's certainly occupies the low-end of the quality spectrum at Reading Terminal Market, and as we all know, nothing here (good, bad, or otherwise) is cheap. I had remembered eating there several years ago and thought that it was just alright. Nowadays I work very close to the market and have eaten at almost every food stand there. I gave them a couple of more chances, but I have since vowed not to go back to Kamal's. One of the things that really, really bothers me about this place is that they heat up your food in a microwave. Fried foods like falafel and kibi just go to hell when you do this, even if they were once tasty. If you get the salad option to go with your falafel (or whatever option you choose) watch out, because the drench it in something that resembles a tahini dressing. I don't know how this place keeps holding on, because the quality of the food just isn't there.
I set out to Reading Terminal today on my meager half hour lunch break for a cheap and quick bowl of ham and bean soup from the Dutch Eating Place. I failed to realize, however, that the Amish section is closed Monday and Tuesday. Upon making this discovery, I was getting desperate to find something fast and reasonably priced. Every place either had a line, or was outside my budget for lunch. There was no line at Kamal's. I should have known something was amiss. The gentleman at Kamal's said a falafel sandwich would be done in less than five minutes. Sold! After all, how bad could a falafel in the terminal be, right? Yeah, OK. 

I will give it this--it WAS done lickety split. That is where the good ends. As a previous reviewer said, they microwaved their pre-fried falafel balls. When I saw the woman pop them in the microwave, my heart sank. I felt the wave of impending doom wash over me. She then drizzled the small, not toasty-looking pita with a couple sauces, added lettuce, tomato, cabbage, and the falafel, and, then...I think she microwaved the whole sandwich. You know what that means, folks. More warm lettuce than a McChicken sandwich in a glove box. The soggy falafel was more like warm grape nuts formed into a haphazard ball. All I have to say about this sandwich at this point is...ewwww. Seriously, not just the worst falafel sandwich ever, but one of the worst sandwiches, period. The rest of the food might be decent, but after this falafel litmus test, I don't care to find out.
Mango strawberry smoothie here was pretty good. It tasted a bit artificial compared to the fresh squeezed
Juices I've become accustomed to but it tasted good and quenched my thirst for something cold and fruity.
I was on jury duty the other day, which entitled me to 10% off at any of the Reading Terminal eateries, so I jumped at the chance to get a $10 combo platter at Kamal's for $9. Unfortunately, it wasn't even worth $5. Even if the sides of hummus, rice, beans, and salad were sub-par, I expected the shawarma meat to be salty and delicious. It was flavorless. With all of the wonderful options in Reading Teminal, I will not be returning to Kamal's.
After a day at the flower show, my girlfriend and I were absolutely starving so we headed over to the market place for some grub.

Wow..

Biggest rip off I've experienced in a very long time. Their portions are downright ridiculously small. I couldn't believe what I received after ordering the 5 item platter. I received one...1...uno...falafel ball, one(!) stuffed grape leaf, a total of 5 pieces of tired and tasteless chicken chunks, a mound of garbage lettuce and, I kid you not, two tablespoons of rice. All of that cost me close to $13 with no beverage. The worst part, their pita was the thinnest flat bread I've ever eaten.

If you ever make into the Reading Terminal Market stay away from this place. Ugh!
If you have to go here get a smoothie that is the only thing I recommend. I came in today (5/4) for lunch around (12.20) in the mood for lamb. I would like to preface this as I have been here before only for smoothies and I enjoyed them as they do not add sugar. Today I ordered a lamb sharwma platter($12) and what I received was appalling. The lamb was rubbery and looked half cooked. The rice was hard, I didn't try the salad or baba ganoush as I was already feeling my stomach turn. I returned the meal to the employee who got defensive I'm not sure if he was the owner or not but I think so. He said that "he has been cooking here for 36 years and I never had proper lamb." Well as someone who has worked in many restaurants I didn't want to deal with a hostile worker. I got my money back and left I wouldn't recommend. Baklava is also $2.50 for a small square that was probably made last week.
I had the chicken kebab plate. The kebabs were tasty and came with some tasty red peppers. The sides were good as well. The woman at Kamal's has friendliness issues, and it was a bit pricey for what you get, but it was good.
Built my own smoothie. All I really wanted was ginger in mine... but owner was so kind to let me order my 3 ingredients and he just threw in the ginger for free. It was exactly what I wanted. And it's sooooo fresh. I did the guava strawberry kale and ginger combo.how is this my first time?!
They have a good honest falafel sandwich. I have no opinion on their other menu items, since I only go for falafel. Always fresh, and today with a nice minty flavor. Of course, these things are a mess to eat, but that's not their fault. Counter staff is always friendly and very pleasant. I'll be back. Special note: whole wheat pita for no extra charge. They take LevelUp.
I will never go here again. I got a large greek salad with chicken. Also a side of tahini sauce. The chicken is the kind that you would get on any roach coach.  Disgusting. The salad was a soggy mess. Lettuce was brown in  places. There were no red onions.  I dipped the pita in the  tahini and that was my lunch because I couldn't stomach it. Also $12. Are you serious??? Do yourself a favor. If you want a greek salad go the greek place at the Bellvue. Top notch and only $10. I just was in the area and had to go here. Never again!!
I have only gotten juice here - not any food - but for juice (if 4 seasons is closed - which is was) in a pinch this place is fine. (Smoothies and fruit juices, a few vegetable choices).

Nice selection of middle eastern parties, too.

With so many choices in the RTM - this one is not up too high on the list - but seems OK.
Been here for years!
Absolutley hands down the best Gyro i have ever had... the falafal plate was serious, i devoured the whole thing, served over a green salad with tabuli (a earthy parsley and herb salad with some type of grains whick reminded me of a light pasta) salad grilled pita and hummus... the smoothies are fresh and delicious. Definitely worth the visit and the drive from cape may county.
Like most places at the Reading Terminal Market, this place had a big crowd waiting for lunch.  Unlike others though, it had no line...instead the staff has everyone clustered around, shouting out orders, then waiting in a big group until their food is ready.  Mine came through with not too bad of a wait, but my companion was fairly certain that they forgot his altogether.  I've never before had a Greek salad with more cheese than vegetables, and the result was rather salty and soggy.  The pita was hard and not very flavorful.  However the coconut-pineapple-mango juice was fabulous and made up for the flaws of the salad.
I ordered the veggie combo platter and chose hummus, baba ghanoush, and labne (it wasn't listed as an option but I asked for it). The platter was delicious and healthy. The hummus and baba ghanoush tasted flavorful and authentic. It also came with pita bread, which was thin and not my fave since I didn't find it great for dipping. I also ordered watermelon juice but it tasted watered down (could've been the watermelon itself that wasn't flavorful). The platter was about $10 and the juice was $3. I think it's a bit pricey but overall it's good, and I recommend it.
Hummus is ok, not too flavorful. Baba ganoush is a little bit salty but you can taste the smokiness. There are a lot of varieties of baklava. They sell pita bread too, regular and whole wheat. 

They have juice and middle eastern food to such as schwarma
Falafel wrap! It really hit the spot. Only complaint: when I ate my way to the bottom of the wrap, there was too much sauce, which probably dripped down from the top. 

FYI - they also have whole wheat pitas for no extra charge.
I wasn't the biggest middle eastern food person but I started coming here for their smoothies. They're made fresh and customizable so whatever you're feeling that day, you got it. I always get either kale, mango, apple or strawberry, mango, banana. I even get the ginger shots in the winter when I feel a little under the weather. Their homemade hummus is great, very smooth and I buy that along with some tabouli for a salad at home. If I feel like getting a meal, i go for the Moroccan chicken salad or lamb shawarma wrap with fries added inside. The staff are super friendly and accommodating. It's always nice going there!
Lots of options for vegetarians.  My personal favorite is the falafel platter.  It's so good!  It tasted warm & fresh when I had it.  The tabouleh was also delicious & I normally don't care for it but I did like theirs.  The service was quick too, even on a Saturday!
They don't sell juice it's a slushy aka has lots of ice.. good flavors like guava and mango but doesn't taste like freshly squeezed fruit juice if that's what you're looking for .. disappointed
Ok so all I had here was the Lemonana. I actually just found out the name of it. Beats calling it the rose water mint lemonade. Actually as I was scarfing down food at the Reading Terminal Market I heard somebody talking about it. It sounded interesting so I hunted it up. So happy I did. This stuff is Magic in your mouth. It truly is absolutely delicious and refreshing. It's lemonade and it's not too sweet and it has a nice mint background and at the very end the rose comes up to take  you to a far away land. Or something like that. You get it. I only wished that I had a little vodka in my pocket to pour in there that was the only thing that could make it better. Like really kind of like a mojito with Secret Garden inside. Just get it. Don't forget to thank me.
My daughter had a medical school interview and decided to wander around the center of Philly and I came upon Reading Terminal Marketplace.  My husband is Middle Eastern and my daughter is a vegetarian and eats at middle eastern restaurants in Boston on a regular basis and family members cook these dishes.  I bright back 3 spinich pies, 1 chicken pie, baba ganoush and grape leaves. My husband was so happy and said these were the real deal and tasted like his family made them.  We ate the grape leaves on the road back to Massachusetts.  Will return again when in Philly.  The man taking the order was also very nice.
Fair prices, you can get a large lunch platter with a cucumber tomato salad, falafel, hummus and pita for around $7. I like the pastry that looks like shredded wheat that they sell, I cannot think of what it's called. I do not love their hummus, I think they use too much tahini for my taste.

This place also has a smoothie/juice bar and takes credit cards.
We loved Kamal's.  I got a plate where I choose what I wanted on it and it was great.  I got hummus, falafel and grape leaves.  The platter as a whole was very big and it also included a greek salad and tabouleh.  Between my boyfriend and I, we finished it all and were very satisfied.  A great deal for the $10 that we paid.  We sat at the counter and the guy behind it was hustling the whole time.  I also feel like I have to mention that they have the largest and best juice bar in the whole terminal.  I got a smoothie and added ginger, kale and spinach and it was just the pick me up that I needed.  This place is easy to walk by since it doesn't look special but I really think it may be one of my favorite places in here.
I had a decent falafel here, it was not cheap or a bargain. Fine for lunch in a pinch.
I had the chicken shawarma platter that had hummus, rice and a little Med salad.
While the service was friendly and prompt, I was very underwhelmed with the value and the quality of the meal.  The shawarma was seasoned well but very dry. The salad I found to be soggy and the hummus was ok.  Although not bad, it was very unforgetable for the money.
First time customer and it won't be my last.  Has to be one of the best Lamb Gyros I've ever had. The lamb meat was so tasty and tender.  The Tzatziki sauce had a nice consistency and flavor.  Their pita bread was thin which wraps nicely around the meal.
I had a terrible experience coming here, and I thoroughly regret that my money went towards supporting such a rude, poorly run business. I should have gone to Mezze.

I ended up at Kamal's as many reviewers here, wandering the aisles of Reading Terminal in search of a quick bite to eat. I was drawn in by the row of empty seats at Kamal's, which is ironically their best selling point. I ordered a chicken special gyro, which was priced at $6.95 -- a little steep, but I was looking for a quick meal. 

Imagine my surprise when the lady at the counter returned my credit card receipt charged with $9.95. Apparently she had thought I ordered the chicken special *combo*, which included french fries and a drink. I don't usually eat french fries so I was a little annoyed, but I was with a friend, so I thought, what the heck, we'll just share them. The fountain drink was served in a comically small child-sized cup, without refills. Off to a great start!

The sandwich came pretty quickly, along with the drink. I finished my drink pretty fast because well, there wasn't much there, but also because my sandwich turned out to be incredibly salty! I love Mediterranean food in general, but this cook definitely had heavy hand with the salt shaker. I had to do a double-take of the menu to make sure I hadn't ordered the "Dead Sea" chicken combo.

At this point, I was rather "meh" about the place, but the real kicker was when I asked the lady at the counter for a cup of water (to quench the sodium bomb I just ate.) The first two times she ignored me completely. She was filling up sodas for another customer's order (the *only other customer), but she wouldn't even give me a "I'll be right with you." The stall is pretty small, so I couldn't imagine that she hadn't heard me. 

When she finally finished with the other customer's order, I patiently asked her again for a cup of water. She wasn't doing anything else, so she finally gave me an exasperated look, and said, "Okay, that'll be five-cents please." My friend was kind enough to lend me a nickel. She filled up one of the child-sized cups halfway with water, and gave it to me. Astounded, I told her, "I'm sorry, but if I'm going to pay for this water, could I get it filled up all the way please?" I took the water, and we ran for our lives. 

It was awful! I am never going here again.
This Reading Terminal Market smoothie stand leaves much to be desired.

My friend and I stopped by for a couple of smoothies. It's pretty difficult to screw up a blend of fruit and juice, but Kamal's smoothies were mediocre at best. Our Strawberry-Kiwi-Mango smoothie had tartness with a "kick" from the kiwi. The Orange-Guava-Mango didn't taste much like fresh orange or guava. Both smoothies were too thin, but had chunks that got stuck in the straw. Neither drink was sweet enough. Maybe the fruit wasn't ripe?

If I were withering away in a scorched desert, I would gladly drink another. But there are just so many amazing possibilities at RTM, I just don't see the appeal. Stay away.
I have been here a few times for the smoothies.  Each time the smoothies have always been OK but this last time, something was VERY off.   I had an allergic reaction right after I started to drink my smoothie.  I remember once before I had asked the worker if it is all fresh fruit and they confirmed that is was but now in hind sight I should have known better.  When you can see them ladling in your liquid"fruit" on the other side of the counter, you know something is up.  They must use some "fruit" concoction and whatever is in it is made my throat swell up.  Luckily I did not have a sever reaction. In all my 30 years I have never had an allergy to food so this is very disconcerting.  Who knows what was in there!  Don't advertise your food as fresh when it's not.  Not cool, people!
I wish I had read all the reviews before I ate here. I only ate here because they took credit and Carmen's nearby only takes cash, which I didn't have.
Maybe it was because I came at the end of a work day but the gyro meat was reheated in a microwave (I watched the person do it). I wouldn't have minded this but the meat was under-seasoned. The gyro was just so-so and the hummus side dish was not anything to shout about, although it was a good portion for the price. Plus they barely give you enough pita. I was pulling off some of my gyro to eat my hummus! I think this place seems more popular for their smoothies.
One-liner: Pricey, uninspiring Middle Eastern food at the Reading Terminal.

I ordered the chicken schwarma plate, which came to a whopping $12. OK, it must be huge I thought. Nuh-uh. It's modestly sized and some of the strangest schwarma I've ever had. It was like someone ripped up a chicken sausage and threw it on some rice. Most of the plate was taken up by salad + tabouli, which tasted fine but wasn't exactly filling. Rice was overcooked and drippy.

I guess if you're at the Terminal and jonesing for falafel this place would be OK, but I don't think I'll be coming back here.
Well Well Well! 

1. I have been coming Here for years, Ordering There Fresh Juice before jamba and the smoothie fad became the fav of most. "The secret  is love" Thats the ingredient that most are missing in there lovely little dishes. 

2. Lets just say that this is middle Eastern Food in the Heart of the lovely Reading terminal Located at 12th and Arch Street in my lovely Philadelphia Pa.

3. I Enjoyed the GYRO Platter and the Orange Mango & Guava Plus Carrot Juice and MAN what a way to start your day..fast friendly service and Healthy portions low cost is the total food for the soul.
Apparently their tabouleh and falafel are craveworthy. I was driving home from church, and boom, it hit me, "you must go to Kamal's" sang my taste buds.  When your taste buds sing to you, how can you deny them? Grabbed a seat at the counter right away, received service right away, ordered me that falafel platter, and a few minutes later the food was served. Always fast and friendly service, always enjoy a satisfying meal. They also have fresh and delicious made to order juices and smoothies.
I have been to reading terminal so many times and have tried almost every place there but this is the best !! I always get their lamb shawarma platter and a juice!! Love their assortment of fresh juices and their lamb shawarma is to die for !! That's as tender as the meat gets !
I only get a cup of healthy juice. The juice taste fresh and good. What really impressed me about this place is the customer service. This week is really hectic in his place as there were over 40,000 people in town for the world biggest educational technology conference. Many food service staff are already burned out and stressed. This guy, our server, was different. He was happy and takes care of every customer. It really ended my trip well to see such exceptional customer service.
Every time we come to Philly, we always stop inside this peripheral stall in Reading Terminal Market for the mint lemonade.  It's so herbaceous and divine.  I would recommend it to anyone who happens to be in the area, because it's like the nectar from the Gods.
I was craving falafel so this looked like the spot but I should have just went to a naf naf and Trader Joe's has better pita. 
Menu is a little confusing 
After reading reviews I should have tried the spinach pie.... maybe that would have been better.

I'm giving two stars just because the guy working was very nice.
One of the best middle eastern spots to get a taste of middle eastern culture. Staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Their smoothies are delicious and I highly recommend the Lemonada. Perfect blend of sour and sweet. Their assortment of sweets is tough to beat, and their wraps are made fresh and are very filling. I stop by here every time I get a chance to.
Great Place every time i go the food is always fresh the smoothies are highly recommended the staff and owner are Courteous and polite...I forgot my new debit card one day and the owner trusted to come right back and pay and i did just that...
So, my lunch buddy for the day just couldn't shut up about some kind of a mint lemonade. I think I heard her story like 4 times on our walk over from Club Quarters. So, we got to asking around where we could possible find such a concoction and viola! This is definitely the spot.

It's called the Lemonana,, it has lemonade, mint leaves and rose water. Sounds interesting right? So we order a large each. I mean, this must be some destruction lemonade if this chic could shut her mouth about it the whole entire time.

The Lemonana is actually an interesting drink. It's not too too sweet, specially for my taste buds. The combination of all the flavors were a definitely a pleasant experience. I would definitely order the Lemonana here again.

The service was nice, the place was well kept and very tidy.

Thank you so much for reading my review. I hope all of this helps. Enjoy your awesome yelptastic day!
I was in Philly this past weekend and decided to check out RTM. I love Middle Eastern food so I decided to give this place a go. I ordered a veggie platter with two sides (falafel and rice/veggies).

The falafels were good. Not too flavorful but they weren't dry like most falafels I've had in my lifetime. The rice and veggies were extremely underwhelming because it was just literally rice and some string beans. The falafels were put on a bed of generic iceberg lettuce salad, so that was disappointing. For the price I paid, it wasn't worth it. 

I was rather impresed with their harissa hot sauce. It was $0.50 for an ounce container, and it contained a decent amount of heat with some awesome flavor.

If I visit again, it will only be to get their smoothies.
I took my fiancé here for the first time and we were both very impressed. The food was incredible and the service was warm and inviting. 
I will always come here when visiting the Reading Terminal. Loved it!!!!
Kudos to the management and ownership team for creating such an authentic experience.
Not sure what the others are complaining about, I had the best falafel wrap of my life here. Of. My. Life.

Got it with fries. Their fries are not awesome, but I wasn't really expecting a side, so, it was still a bonus.
Had the Rose water mint lemonade and it was super refreshing. Defiantly Recommend. They have other fresh juices and  food as well. Staff could be friendlier but it was very busy at the market when we visited.
This place has been in the Terminal Market for as long as I can remember coming there. At least 40 years. The man in the picture (who I must assume is Kamal?) is an awesome person, and his food is very, very good. Falafels, shawarmas, etc., and if you have not tried it but like eggplant stew, theirs is to die for. Soft, tender eggplant, chick peas, green peppers and a yummy sauce for dipping with pita. I highly recommend Kamal's!!!
Just had their #9 fruit smoothie with guava, orange and mango. It tasted very thin, light and genuine. Not overly sweet. Doesn't taste artificial. Very easy going smoothie!
Reviewing just the Lemonana which consists of rose water, mint and lemonade. IT WAS FREAKING DELICIOUS. I could probably drink one everyday. Costs $5 and honestly worth it but also makes you feel very refreshed which is a good thing. I've said in the other reviews but we had a lot of other foods we wanted to try out at the Reading Terminal Market so we could not have possibly tried everything. We made sure we grabbed this drink while devouring the other deliciousness around the market. I think this is a must stop for this drink!
So much to love about this place!! It's one of the first places you'll bump into at the Reading Terminal Market. I ordered the meal and it came with falafel in a warm tender pita, fries, and a drink. The price for a meal was crazy good for the quality and amount of food we received. The falafel had all types of flavors that were just melting in our mouths. There was a mint sauce that came with it and is one of the best sauces I've ever had. Everything was cooked and made to perfection. Loved everything about this place! They also sell freshly squeezed juices and smoothies and have a variety of flavors. The workers were also super sweet and hilarious! Overall, we had an amazing experience here and would recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for a refreshing bite to eat or drink! 10/10 in my books. 

-because this place is so loved, there are huge lines...but they're so worth it!!
Came here twice in one day. Breakfast for a smoothie. Asked the gentleman behind the bar for recommendations and told him what I liked. He had awesome recommendations. Great smoothie. So many fruits, veggies, etc.

For lunch we ended up here again by accident. Had a gyro. Pretty good. Huge! Meat was tasty. Some of the other meals I saw the other diners eat looked great. Plenty of vegetarian options.
Only tried the smoothie from this restaurant at Reading Terminal Market. At over $6 for a smoothie, it was unfortunately overpriced and disappointing. The cashier was also very inattentive which was a little off-putting. I hope to try the food available sometime to reassess this location and hopefully give it some more positive reviews!
