So happy to see the former Kanella space back in action as Kanella Grill. This iteration is casual and has a short menu with kebab and shawarma pitas and platters, plus a few side items. 

My friend brought a bottle of rosé, which was promptly put on ice, and we received a cup of flavorful olives. We started with the chips and tzanziki - a huge bowl of seasoned, hot and crispy fries that is an absolute steal at four bucks. 

My entree was the chicken kebab platter with rice and extra tomato salad in place of pita. It was great, and I loved the little cup of tahini that was served with the dish.

We were too full for dessert but I will be partaking in the baklava at some point in the future!
Yum! We are big fans of Greek/Mediterranean cuisine and the newly reopened Kanella did not disappoint. 

The decor is clean and simple, the offerings are traditional, the portions are on the larger side, and the employees were all so kind and helpful. 

I just have to say the hummus was absolutely delicious and very different. It was filled with herbs and had a lemon note. The kiddos and I ate it it two seconds flat, wanting more! 

Hubs was a fan of his kabob platter served with a variety of fresh seasoned veggies, and more of that insane hummus and warmed pita, with a side of tahini. 

The Greek salad is large and tasty. It's oil based and can easily be ordered without feta for dairy free patrons. 

We adored dining outside on a gorgeous day and look forward to many more visits this summer. 

Prices were reasonable! 
BYO! 
It's not cash only anymore!
Always one of my fav. places when I'm in Philly - I'm slightly sad that their bigger establishment didn't make it. But this location at 10th/Spruce is primarily my fav. -

1) Make reservations on Yelp when in Route
2) Always get the dips of the day
3) BYOB 
4) Loved anything lamb
5) Brunch is a must

It's a small space/casa - so I don't know about rolling up with a party more than 6, but hey this is Philly and they will accomodate, you just might have to wait.
I came to Kanella Grill with a few friends for dinner and had an amazing meal! I had a friend visiting from out of town who wanted to check out a Philly BYO, and we settled on this place. 

We ordered a bunch of stuff to split. We started out with the trio of dips of the day - one was a potato and garlic, one was a red pepper and hazelnut, and a yogurt-based one with zucchini and walnuts.

We also got Spanakopita and 3 platters - the falafel with extra salad, halloumi with fries, and lamb kofta with rice. My favorite was the halloumi - it was grilled to perfection! Everything we ordered was a great portion size and super delicious.

I can't wait to come back and try some of the other things on the menu (my eye is on the Vegetarian Mousaka!)
Old Kanella is back! I was so excited to check Kanella 3.0 out and it did not disappoint. The menu is more casual (and limited) than New Kanella (2.0), but the place is still byob(!!), and cash only (like 1.0). 

The lamb shawarma was unlike any shawarma I've ever had- super tender flavorful meat...the platter was great and almost too much food (but I reached that point where it's embarrassing to pack it up, so I manned up and ate the whole thing). Everything was so fresh and flavorful and I loved the variety: Rice, tomato salad, hummus, pita, pickled veggies, meat, and tahini dressing!

We sat outside for some great people watching (including the chef on a moped asking us how everything was). Service was attentive even outside. My friend loved the complimentary olives and our "chips" (fries) and tzanziki came out quickly. (Wish there was a bit more dip in there though). We got out of there for about $20 each with tax and tip so not bad!

I feel like I've been eating a lot of kebabs lately (Sansom Kebab, Apricot Stone) and this was definitely the best. Welcome back Kanella! Now if you could just bring that brunch back...
Kanella Grill's recent opening made me anxious to give it a try, particularly after seeing some of the pictures that the management from Kanella Grill posted on Yelp. The shawarma and sardines looked so good I had to give it a try. 

Once you enter the restaurant you see that some things have changed and some things have stayed the same since big brother headed south. The interior is basically the same but now the tables are covered in blue and white checked tablecloths in a nod to informality. White paper napkins with a blue checked pattern along one edge replace the cloth ones. If there was art on the walls (ok so I can't remember) in Kanella 1.0 it's all gone. Exposed brick walls as far as the eye can see grace Kanella Grill so my advice to you is to get a table with a view outside so you are literally not staring at a blank wall. It is also very white and light blue toned and with the Greek music in the background it's got a great Greek vibe going on. 

Your meal begins with a presentation of water in a jug (think Percy Street BBQ) and the new menu coated in plastic.  An amuse bouche of several olives arrives a short time later in a plastic cup.

The menu itself is pretty simple and straightforward but as wiser, more literate reviewers before me noted, if you order lost of stuff a la carte the shit's gonna add up price-wise. My advice to you is to go for the platters since there's plenty of food on them to fill you up.

I was planning on ordering the lamb shawarma platter but through a stroke of luck, my fabulous server, Karen, and an eager to please chef (thank you Dom!) I wound up getting the grilled sardine platter. Seriously, these were the best sardines I have ever eaten. They were nicely sized, plump, juicy, and redolent of a trip to Greece. Not that I have ever been there but they were really that good. On the platter was a half of a pita, some tasty hummus (don't worry Dizengoff, not nearly as good as yours), some vegetables, and some finely chopped tomatoes with onions and cilantro. The platters come with either rice or chips (aka French fries) so to balance out the health benefits of the sardines, I chose the latter. The fries, err chips were very good, crunchy but not overlooked and were dusted lightly with cheese. No not feta. I was also given a small ramekin (China, not plastic) filled with water and a slice of lemon to clean my hands in after messing around with the sardines. At least I hope that's what it was for. The platter was so good that hopefully all the stars will align again so I can order it every time I go back (which could be seriously often) and never get to see how good the lamb shawarma really is. Oh and by the way I took a picture of the platter and posted it to show how much it resembles the one posted by Kanella Grill. Their photo has skewers but other than that they were totally identical. 

After finishing every morsel of my lunch (well except for the fish remnants and that green pepper looking thing) my wonderful server asked if I was interested in dessert. Part of me did not want to possibly ruin the perfect meal but I figured sure why not? The two choices were baklava and a gala thing. Baklava is always good but my server confided that her favorite is the gala thing. It's hard to describe what it is but it's basically a square pastry consisting of about a hundred (slight exaggeration) layers of phyllo dough infused with an almost vanilla-y flavored filling that had the consistency of flan. And it's soaked in clear syrup with pieces of candied orange rind on the top. While my description may be lacking the pastry was not.  It was delicious and a perfect ending to my meal. 

As hinted previously, my server was great,  the management was attentive and helpful to guests coming in with questions, and the kitchen went out of their way to deliver a perfect meal. To quote Arnold, "I'll be back!"
I always have a soft spot for Greek food, and when I heard the return of Kanella as Kanella Grill, I was overjoyed- and of course I had to give it a try. I couldn't have picked a better place, and once you enjoy it, you'll wholeheartedly agree with me. 
I've tried a platter of chicken kabob, with home-made pita, incredible hummus, fresh salad and rice on the side. My kebab platter was a platter of perfection, and it maybe the best kebab I've ever had in Philly.

What you need to know about Kanella Grill:
- Everything on the simple menu is simply delicious.
- Try the cucumber juice with mint and Tanella; it's more of a smoothie. 
- Casual BYOB.
- Cash only.
- 11am-9pm ( Sundays till 4pm) and close on Mondays.

Welcome back Kanella 
Five Yelps.
tl;dr this cozy Greek BYOB delivers up generous portions of tasty food for reasonable prices

As my partner and I walked up to the corner of 10th and Spruce, we looked around, confused. There were no obvious signs or logos drawing our attention to this unassuming corner shop in Washington Square West. But once inside, we immediately felt at home. White stone walls and wooden tables transported me to back to the family-run cafes from my last trip to Greece. The walls are modestly decorated with cookware and olive branches, and the accent lighting is warm and comfortable. Numerous two-person tables are lined along the walls, while a few larger tables lie in the middle for larger parties. For a BYOB restaurant, Kanella surprisigly didn't get overwhelmingly loud throughout our night. Our server was knowledgeable and helpful when we asked her for recommendations.

We ordered the Dips of the Day, the Grilled Halloumi, a Squash Pomegranate Salad Special, and the Mixed Kabab Platter. Dishes came out slowly but not sluggishly, allowing my partner and to enjoy each course while it still was warm. The dip sampler came with three different options (red pepper, pistachio, and eggplant), along with a ton of nice warm pita. My favorite was the pistachio, which had a pesto-like flavor. The halloumi meanwhile was crispy on the outside and soft and flavorful on the inside. My only gripe was that this dish was a bit small, but maybe that's just a testament to how much I enjoyed it and wanted more. The squash was complemented well by the acidity of the pomegranate and felt much lighter than the other dishes we ordered. But the kebab platter was fit for two-- It came with even more pita, along with a plateful of fries, salad, hummus, and, of course, kebobs. The sheftalia was well-cooked and perfectly seasoned, but the pork loin was a bit dry. The hummus had a robust flavor, so I quickly ate it up with my pita, pork loin, and fries. By the end of our meal, my partner and I were completely stuffed and reluctant to waddle back home in the cold.

Overall, Kanella Grill was a reliable and affordable BYOB with unique cuisine, and I'm excited to come back to try more of their dishes.
I am Greek and have been to Greece six times. This food is exactly like you would get in a taverna in Greece and consequently is fabulous. We had their trio of dips (all homemade and great flavors), dolmades (some of the best I've ever had), spanakopita (very flavorful but a lot of phyllo), halomi- my favorite Greek cheese, gyros which were well spiced, greek salad and two desserts. The galaktobourkio was some of the best I've ever had. 

The waitstaff was friendly and attentive. 
The food was reasonably priced, sizably portioned, and really well seasoned. 
AND it's byob.... 

Overall a great dining experience. :) we'll be back.
Yikes, what happened Kanella.  I really liked the food in the past and figured I'd give it a shot again by ordering a chicken kebab platter to go.  For $14, it simply was not worth it.  There was hardly any chicken, and it was overcooked.  The fries tasted well seasoned, but were soggy.  Seriously Kanella, what happened?

Update: by the way, I received a message indicating that Kanella had changed at this location and gone more casual - that's obvious.  But it's still the same owner and you would expect the quality level to at least be worthy of the Kanella name. I'm not expecting fancy food, but for $14 you should at least have more than three, dried pieces of chicken.
I really enjoy Mediterranean and Mid Eastern food and I was pleased when Kanella Grill opened back up near my daughter's apartment. The new, smaller menu looked really great and the place is always packed whenever we walk or drive by. People also love Kanella Grill on Yelp.

The space is very nice, simple and with Mediterranean old world charm. Our server was friendly and attentive and sold us on a couple of items. We ordered fairly basic dishes with a grilled goat cheese appetizer, an eggplant salad, the lamb kebab platter, chicken shawarma platter and pork sausage and chicken kebab platter.

The cheese was very good and also the eggplant salad. The eggplant had a nice garlic flavoring but I wish it also had that grilled taste I was looking for. The lamb kebab was probably the best entrée and the lamb was grilled nicely and it was also very tender. The chicken shawarma was not bad but not memorable, a bit bland. The hummus also good but not great. The pita bread was hot and fresh and excellent but a small portion. The vegetables and salad seemed a little heavy handed on the vinegar and acid content. We were all a little disappointed as we were expecting more, especially with all the great reviews. 

Kanella Grill, at least for us was only an average to good experience but not a great one. 3 Yelp stars. Kanella Grill is also cash only and on the pricey side.
Kanella Grill has nasty, rude, biased and unprofessional service. It does not deserve your business, given so many other options with basic respect for customers and competency in the city.

1. A hostess arguably with a bias against minority customers.

I made a last-minute 8:00pm dinner reservation, the earliest available for the evening. We arrived at approximately 7pm, and politely asked if there were any available tables for us to be seated early. Despite several empty tables, the hostess told us there would be a ~20min wait. We checked back after ~15min, waiting at the entrance for the hostess to return. A non-minority couple then walked in, passing us, were greeted by the returning hostess, and were seated immediately, right in front of us. I asked how much longer it would take for a table to become available, and the hostess said that another 10-15min, though, strikingly, the table facing the entrance had been available for the entire time. When questioned whether the non-minority couple who arrived after us but got seated instantly had a reservation, the hostess admitted that they were just walk-in. I politely pointed out that we had a reservation, arrived when there were tables available, yet were still made to wait and only to see the preference given to a non-minority couple who came later. The hostess, when challenged, seemed disgruntled and then unwillingly led us to the table that had been empty for the entire time since we first checked in. She did not offer any apologies. As a minority, I feel how the hostess treated us lacked basic fairness and respect. In fact, to me, her behaviors showed a clear bias against minority customers.

2. Our server with rude, condescending and unprofessional service who pretended to be the manager upon complaints.

We ordered a drink and an appetizer, which came fairly quickly. During the subsequent ~45min wait for our entrees, the server did not check on us, did not refill our water, despite doing so for other tables near us. After waiting for almost an hour, the server finally came over and informed us that while one of our entrée was about to be ready, the other entrée was mistakenly sent to another table and was no longer available for the night. He did not even said the word "sorry." Unwilling to wait longer, I told him that we decided to just get the check instead. Visibly unhappy, he still did not make an apology. It also took him more than 10min to get our check and to run our credit card.
In the end, I requested our server to bring the manager over. Our server claimed that he himself was the manager for the night. I explained our entire horrendous experience to him. He only reluctantly and nonchalantly apologized, yet without any other gestures to make it right. To me, it was questionable that our server was actually the manager. Instead, it seemed to me that he just did not want to relay our complaints to the management.

With a hostess who is possibly too racially biased to host fairly, a server who is too rude and condescending to serve professionally, a crew who are too incompetent to bring the right entrée to the right table (there were only 12-15 tables), Kanella Grill was simply the most unpleasant dining experience in my life! Kŷdos, I guess?
I don't know why so many people gives too many stars
I m French, I know very well Mediterranean food, and this is just ultra basic food! Good but doesn't deserve at all more than 2 stars!
Mediterranean and Greek food as so many tasty meals... please avoid this place if you want real tasty Mediterranean food, go if you want a good basic meat place
Came here for brunch, and got the platter. The chicken was incredible. My boyfriend got the lamb and veal sausage, which I didn't think was as good as the chicken. The cucumber and tomato salad was excellent, as was the hummus. They should have given more than 1 pita. The bean salad was ok. I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could. The service was good. However, it was apparent that there was only one waiter. He was very good though even thought it was very busy for him.
Best Greek place in center city! I love their platters, a combination of all the good stuff and heavenly tastes!
I came her for lunch with a local friend, at her recommendation. Kanella Grill is a cozy neighborhood restaurant that feels like a little piece of Greece. 

We were quickly brought water and told, in quick but great detail, about the day's specials. While the watermelon salad sounded interesting, the waiter won us both over with the description of the rabbit salad, which we each ordered. I added a kafta sandwich to this and finished with baclava. 

First, the salad. I haven't had rabbit in a while and generally find it to be overly gamey unless prepared just right. Well, Kanella did it just right and accentuated it with a pleasantly sharp dressing and fresh veggies. The salad was quite a nice size as well, so I was preparing myself to make room for the lamb kofta sandwich that would soon arrive. 

The flaky pita was piled with lamb, tomatoes, and peppers. It was huge! At one point, I just cut it in half to make it easier to eat. I also had the limonada, which was a nice, spicier lemonade that had hints of ginger (and maybe turmeric but maybe I made that up).

The one ding was the baklava, which was strangely hard. I mean...like, really, truly hard--almost as if it had been frozen. I was pressing into it with my fork and am not exaggerating when I say that it took a lot of force to cut through it. That said, it was good baklava and wasn't overly pistachioey. 

The service was very friendly and efficient. I'm glad my friend introduced me to this place!
I went to Kanella Grill on a Saturday morning. The ambiance was like that of a regular brunch place but with simple greek-type decor. It was not too crowded. I thought that they would be serving some lunch items but be warned - there's only a limited brunch menu at the time. There are only 7 or 8 items you can order at that time.

My friend and I sat down and ordered at the wobbly table. The server seemed confused when I asked if there was a more extensive menu - she made a weird comment about people making 'fake websites' for Kanella Grill which was a problem. I found that really weird and think she must have been confused. When I left the restaurant I had to look up that they actually had lunch menus aside from brunch, but those are weekdays only.

The food came in an average amount of time and I thought the service was just average in attentiveness. I loved the food itself though. I got the Kanella Platter and liked all of it. I thought the rice was very flavorful with the small bits of carrot (I think) inside of it. I was more used to cheaper plain rice but this rice was actually a great part of the dish. The tahini was good with the pita (a little chewy). The lamb skewers were very well done - with crispy grill marks, but still very juicy. The olives and side salad also added a light and vinegary complement. My favorite part of the dish was probably the stuffed grape leaf (Dolmathakia). It was unexpectedly sweet and I really liked the texture of the rice inside of the leaves.

Overall I would come here again but really wish our particular server were more knowledgeable about the menu. Also, the temperature of the food could be slightly hotter but that is a minor complaint.
This is such a cute plate in the city, and a must try if you are looking for Greek cuisine. The restaurant is a tight, cozy space - full of vibrant colors and earthy accents. The staff is so friendly, and helpful with the menu. We felt very lucky to have Bobby as our serve - he went into details about the history of some of the traditional food. We really enjoyed learning about the food and culture. 

Their food is fantastic! I had the gyro, and it was a huge serving & packed with so much good/fresh flavors. Their falafel was amazing, and I highly recommend getting the baklava for dessert. 

This is a type of restaurant where you should arrive hungry. In all seriousness, you are going to want to order multiple dishes, and they will fill you up. 

Even better, they have an old school greek music soundtrack playing in the background.
The food is amazing!
I got the chicken platter & my boyfriend got the shwarma platter. I chose Fries as my side & he chose rice. Everything was amazing! The fries were perfectly seasoned, the chicken was juicy, the hummus was fresh, the pita was warm. My boyfriend loved his as well & even asked for more pita- which was no problem at all. I ordered the side of "hot sauce" which was great to dip everything in, especially if you like your food with a kick. 

I was absolutely full, but we still decided to order a desert. I cannot remember the name of what we got (it wasn't the baklava, it had oranges on top) but it was AMAZING. I literally had to force myself to eat more because there was no way we weren't going to finish it.
I recommend Kanella Grill for a delicious, casual, Mediterranean meal you won't regret.
Remember its BYOB, so grab some drinks & bring them with you!
I ordered the falafel here are Kanella Grill. It was soooo good. The topping they put on it with the tomatoes really makes the pita sandwich. They season it like pico de gallo. The place overall is so homey and feel very authentic. It was packed in there with tight same so that got a little uncomfortable but it goes to show people love it!
I want to love Kanella Grill so much because I loved the original Kanella.
This is a casual place to grab an easy dinner. 
I've had the kabobs and the gyros. Everything is good, but nothing is mind-blowing. I do think their chips (fries) are excellent though. The menu is limited and cost is bordering high.
Service is always helpful.  BYO.
Overall, a good place if you don't know where to go and want something easy. However, I'm not dying to return.
After the closing of Hummus Grill Center City, I was looking for new restaurants to get my shawarma and falafel fix. Before Kanella Grill, I enjoyed Effie's and Greek Lady (over in West Philly), as well as Hummus West Philly. Although we didn't bring anything this time, we were happy to see that Kanella was a cozy BYO with a lively atmosphere. We elected to sit outside given the beautiful fall weather.

We got the lamb shawarma platter and the falafel platter; both were delicious with a variety of sides (hummus, cauliflower, pita bread, rice or potato wedges, tomatoes). I got a nice helping of shawarma, which was tender and juicy. 

We also received excellent service, our waiter was friendly and relaxed.

Consider Kanella for Greek/Mediterranean cuisine in a relaxed atmosphere when you are in the mood! Cash only.
Kanella grill was exactly what I wanted on a nice, warm, spring night with some cold white wine in tow. I was told that they don't reservations, but my husband and I were in luck and were seated quickly at cozy table. (I did notice, however, there were a number of large parties and some reserved tables, so they must take some reservations in special circumstances.) A few minutes after we seated we were given the specials and placed our orders. We decided on the sardines appetizer, the chips and tzatziki (i was thinking these would be pita chips, but much to my delight they were actually fries!), a Kofta Kabob platter and a mixed grilled platter with a variety of kabobs. Both platters came with rice, a cucumber and tomato salad, delicious, fresh hummus, and pita. Finally we ordered some baklava, which was by FAR the best I've ever eaten. Overall, the food was great. However, the reason I am giving them a low star count is because of the service. We brought a half opened bottle of wine and a full bottle with a cork. Trying to hunt down wine glasses took at least 20 mins. Our appetizers were half eaten by the time we finally got some glasses to pour our wine in. Then we had to hunt someone down for an ice bucket and to open the second bottle which didn't occur until we were finishing our desert. Which would have been fine if we weren't completely rushed. The whole meal I described above took about 45 mins, MAYBE an hour, tops, to be delivered and eaten, so they are really churning out the food here. I was hungry so i wasn't phased by this fast turnaround, but by the time we got to the desert and finally got our second bottle of wine opened and poured, our waitress came over and told us that she needed the table. They had an 8 PM group that was coming in. First of all, i thought there weren't reservations? And second we ordered a fair share of food to be able to have a seat for longer than 45 mins. I explained that we had JUST finished our desert and wanted to finish our wine and she suggested that we move to an open table. This of course was after we paid the check and tipped her. I just think that was handled really unprofessionally and if it were me, i would move the empty tables next to me over so as not to ruin the experience for paying customers. We live 2 blocks away and really enjoyed the food, but there are plenty of other BYOB Mediterranean restaurants nearby that we could enjoy some wine and a meal without feeling like we were inconveniencing the restaurant by taking up a table. Maybe we will try  them for takeout, but its not worth it to me to come here for a sit down dinner.
This place is simply insane. BYO and they do a prefix dinner for $30 a person that is a feast of epic proportions. For 3 people we didn't have enough room on the table for all of the food. Delicious food with amazing service. Can't wait to check out their "South" location. A goldmine that you MUST try.
Love the atmosphere here - with the blue/white checkered tablecloth and Greek music playing in the background, it really transports you to Greece. 

We ordered the grilled halloumi as a side to start off (yes, you can order it as an appetizer even though it's not on the menu! you're welcome). Just two thick slices of halloumi with perfect grill marks served with a wedge of lemon - super decadent, creamy, and a perfect start to the meal. 

I really wanted to try the sardine platter mentioned by many Yelpers, but their fish supplier guy doesn't come until later in the afternoon, so I ordered the pork kebab platter instead. The platter was so beautifully presented, with sides that complemented it perfectly - the slight acidity of the tomato salad, the creamy hummus, fluffy rice, and the crunch of the pickled vegetables. 

For dessert, we had the other thing on the menu that wasn't the baklava (the name of that dessert was kinda long) - it was basically a milk custard with a filo pastry topping served warm, and it was pretty delicious. 

All in all, a great meal in a cheerfully-set up place. I'd say prices are a tad on the steep side, with the platters setting you back $14-16, but the atmosphere and good service makes up for it if you're looking for a nice but casual sit-down place.
They accept credit card now. Wonderful restaurant. Distinctive blue and white checkered tablecloths and stone floors. Overall, it's really cozy and feels like you're dining in a small cafe. Solid service, and the food flies out of the kitchen. Menu items can either be served in a pita or on a platter. We tried their barramundi special and mixed kebab platters. Protein came on a skewer; served with pita, hummus, pickled vegetables, cucumber tomato salad, and choice of rice or potato wedges. Try the soumada (almond milk drink) for dessert, it's super sweet and delicious. Will be back whenever craving a fresh meal with lots of variety.
This restaurant recently opened. We tried it out for lunch. We each ordered the gyro which was pretty good and of decent size. I think it is a great place to enjoy lunch with friends. The servers were attentive and friendly. However, I think they need to rethink their pricing. It was somewhat expensive. Other than that, I would go back again for lunch.
Kanella is located on the corner of 10th and Spruce, so it's hard finding parking there. We usually just park at the Hospital's parking lot on 8th and Delancey and walk over. The food there is delicious! The pita bread, hummus and oils given in the beginning are great starters. Their lamb and was perfectly cooked and did not taste gamey at all! The restaurant has such a nice rustic ambiance that would make a romantic dinner date for couples. The crowd was very diverse in age, so that tells you people of all ages loves the food!
I love Greek food so I was excited to check out Kanella Grill but overall I wasn't impressed. The food and service was mediocre which made this my least favorite Greek place in Philly. 

As an appetizer, I got the trio dip with pita. To be honest, I didn't really like any of the dips. None of them seemed to be authentic. They also charge for extra pita. 

For my entree, I ordered the Falafel Sandwich which I enjoyed more than the appetizer. The pita was stuffed with falafel, tomato salad and hummus. It was messy and fell apart as I was eating it. It was good but not the best. 

The prices are very reasonable and it's BYO. The interior is small and cozy. It seems to be a popular takeout spot. Overall, between the slow service and average food, I wouldn't go back here.
Kanella Grill has been on my list for a while to try. I'm so happy I finally went because everything was so freakin' good. It's really cute on the inside with a calm atmosphere and smells amazing as soon as you walk in. Service was quick. 

We ordered the grilled shrimp, falafel platter, and spanakopita. Lovedddd the flavor of the shrimp, although a bit pricey for 3 (but then again shrimp is always expensive). I'm not a fan of falafel but this one took me away - I really liked it and they give so much rice, salad, pita with the meal. The spanakopita was my favorite, I loved every single bite with the flaky pastry. 

I'll definitely be coming back and bringing my friends to try it out!
I had been eager to try this restaurant because I loved the old Kanella at this location. I called ahead and picked up a late lunch on my way home.

Everything started off well. The person who answered the phone was very helpful and knowledgeable about their menu.

When I picked up the food they said they didn't have enough change to give me back the 60 cents that they owed me, so they decided to short-change me 60 cents! It's 60 cents, but the principle of the matter is that you should have correct change for your customers and you should never give them back less change than they are owed.

The food was very good and well-prepared, but I found the portions small. Without the extra pita that I ordered I would have still been hungry. 

The worst part was that after I finished my meal I noticed that the grilled sardines had melted and burned holes through the plastic container!  This means I probably ate some melted plastic which I'm sure was not great for my health. I really expected that they would have containers that can hold their hot grilled food safely - a paper or aluminum takeout box would have been fine.

I would come back once more only because I loved the old Kanella and believe that they will work out the kinks, but if this keeps happening then I will no longer be returning.
Simple. Light. BYOB.

The menu is very straightforward and I wasn't overwhelmed with options. We decided to share the grill platter, which was two kebabs of grilled chicken, rice, pickled vegetables, three falafels, hummus, pita, and a cucumber-tomato salad. It was great experience and a very full, but light lunch/dinner. It was surprisingly a lot for two people - I was really full after the meal but felt healthy and satisfied. 

I do wish they offered seafood options, but I enjoyed the simplicity of their menu and their establishment. All the tables and chairs are white and lined with blue gingham tablecloths - the decor is simple and I enjoyed the dining experience! I can see this as a good place to go for groups - just order a few platters to share as a table. It's BYOB which makes it even better.
1. We think the food here is great.  2.  We had a really terrible experience with the staff.  I had a group of 8 that we were trying to find a place for on a Saturday night.  I called around a few places and no one had seating.  When I called Kanella Grill, the person said they could seat us.  I left my name and number.  When we arrived, we were seated at a table.  Then we were told in no uncertain terms that we had to leave. The staff had mistakenly given our table to a different group of 8, and the table we were seated at had a different reservation. The staff was obviously disorganized and the manager never came out to apologize or attempt to explain.  Very unprofessional!!!
Please note that this review reflects only on the food and cost, not the ambiance or the service.

In my opinion, I think that the caliber of a culinary establishment depends on a multiple of criteria, from each dish's design, taste, as well as the overall ambiance of the restaurant, and the justifiable cost for this experience. When it comes to Kanella Grill, I think the taste is definitely decent, but the cost does not reflect the quality nor the quantity of the food. I came here during lunch for takeout and was intrigued by the daily special, the Asian Sea Bass platter. I realized that it was a bit pricier than its land-animal counterparts, about $20, but I figured that since they don't have the picturesque sardines at this place, maybe I could try the sea bass instead. Since I was also hungry, I decided to add an extra skewer of the lamb kebob. With a total (lunch) price of $33, I was hoping to enjoy a meal fit for a king, however that was definitely not the case. The sea bass, don't get me wrong, was very tender and juicy and placed artfully against a grilled lemon slice (even in takeout mode), but there were only two pieces, smaller than the area of a credit card. The lamb, which was an additional $11, came in 4-5 bite size pieces... The other components of the platter included a small portion of hummus, raw carrots and celery (non-flavored) and some tahini sauce and a thick, lukewarm pita.

I was very disappointed by my experience here and I had hoped to try some of the other dishes to give this place a shot, but with how much everything costs, I don't think I'll stop by anytime soon.

Food: 3-4 stars
Price: 1 star
I was surprised and happy to see that the old Kanella space is still in the family. 

Partner and I hit this place up around opening time on a Saturday. It was a little unclear to us whether the place was actually open - there were no lights on and we didn't spot anyone working inside, so we lingered outside for a while before approaching and entering the restaurant. 

Mint tea, soumada, special almond appetizer thing, gyro, sardine platter. All delicious, all reasonably priced. 

I would love to come back again sometime soon to try more of the delicious things they have there!
Delicious, outdoor seating, Cypriot food (similar to Greek), did I say delicious? Oh also great price points and a BYOB. This incredible restaurant is waiting for your reservation. The Desserts are also always incredible.
Omg this is my new favorite. My girlfriends and I came here for dinner one night.. awesome waiter who explained the menu to us. Loveeeeeed the food, literally everything was delicious. BYOB which is awesome. Best part: the price! The quality of food here is amazing for the low price you pay, I'm coming back the next chance I get!!!!
Every time I go I wonder why I do not go even more frequently.  The food is always amazing and the price is rather reasonable.  I love Kanella!
I've been wanting to try this place. It's always crowded for sure but I wish they have more than one person on the floor serving. 

For the price of almost $13, it's not really worth the sandwich.. I had the mix kebab- lots of meat but most of mine is burnt so I had to cut half out..
Kanella Grill definitely has datey vibes but it's also a nice place to get dinner with a group of friends. FYI this place is BYOB, and you can make a reservation so that you don't have to wait for a table.

I read reviews saying otherwise, but we found the portion sizes decent. My friends and I shared the dips of the day, which comes with pita and 3 dips. It was good and I liked all three dips but you should probably get this for a larger group to share so that you have room for the entree. My friend also got a watermelon salad.

Three of us got the kebabs platter (which you can get with rice or chips on the side) and one got the homemade gyro. I got chips on the side but I think I'll get rice next time. Everything we got was good but the entrees took a really long time to come out, so it was a good thing we had gotten an appetizer.

I docked a star because the service wasn't great. It wasn't horrendous, but we had a hard time flagging down our server, and at one point he took away our empty water bottle but didn't bring back a refilled one until we asked him.

Overall I would come back here but was underwhelmed because of the very inattentive service.
I am a fan and I love going here. I usually make a reservation and always try to bring a bottle of wine (byob). The service and staff are amazing and super helpful. Food tastes delicious with all its flavors and does not disappoint. Portions are fairly big and I'm satisfied! I would highly recommend it!
Well, they were out of gyros (or rather, the gyros weren't ready at noon), but they accomodated us with free dessert (which was glorious!).

I went with the spinach pie.  A perfect portion for lunch. Ethereal phyllo dough, rich filling, dense and smooth Greek yogurt (topped with sumac?), and great tomato and olive salad.

My friend's grilled meat (believe pork and chicken) wrap was lovely too. Meat was slightly overcooked, but not a deal breaker. Great charred taste.

One of my new favorite lunch spots.
A quaint spot with a menu thats a hidden gem. Service is very slow but excusable. The proces are so cheap and the food is unforgettable. The baba ghanoush is AMAZING with the perfect amount of seasoning, olive oil and pomegranate seeds. The tzaziki and chicken kebab are good as well. It's a byob so bring yoyr favorite wine and indulge.
My husband and I went here today for the lamb sandwich, dips, French fries, beet salad and the whitefish special. First, we were served the three dips and pita pieces.  The only one that was excellent was the sweet potato dip.  The waiter brought out the fries, too. We thought this was an odd time to bring us the fries. They were just barely warm and we had to send them back to the kitchen to be reheated. The fries were pretty good, not excellent. We shared the beet salad, and it was delicious. 

The lamb sandwich was quite tasty. It was served with a side salad that contained cucumbers, tomatoes and others things. The side salad was fair to me, and my husband who doesn't like cucumbers did not eat it. 

The whitefish was excellent. They served hummus with it that was pretty good. It also came with a cucumber salad, and olives. 

The waiter was the only server there. He had lots of tables, and he did a marvelous job handling so much work,  along with the help of the hostess at times. 

The restaurant's tables are close together. I don't like to be squeezed in with other people. But this business is in a nice area of the city. 

I would come here again for the lamb sandwich and beet salad.
Wandered and came across Kanella Grill and was lucky enough to get a table outside. Beautiful Philly summer evenings should be spent dining out side!

The waiter was very attentive and great at recommendations. We started with olives, grape leaves, and grilled octopus. All were filled with so much flavor and were a great way to start the night.

We all got a kebab platter and chicken as my protein. It's such a great deal - you're getting and trying so much. Highly recommended. And again, everything was seasoned so well, bursting with flavor.

And please get the rice pudding! delicious.

Also, it's a tiny place. We were fortunate with the last minute walk in, but make reservations. If you want to drink, they're BYOB.
We had such anticipation when we arrived and left very disappointed. The entire experience was underwhelming. The best part was the Server who was outstanding and saved the place from getting one star. The octopus was rubbery. My rice was cold and my lamb kofta was overcooked with one part being burnt. The food came out in rapid succession as if it was sitting in the kitchen. 

I am not sure what all the hype is with Kanella. Again, We went expecting a great dinner but that did not happen. I cannot recommend this place to anyone.
I very much enjoy the hallowed big sister Kanella restaurant, so I hope this new venture become more consistent with their menu and service.  Although the prices are more than steep for the target lunch crowds, I was wowed by the grilled halloumi and house rice.  The owner is a charmer, so I am looking forward to grabbing another bite again in the future.
Came back with my parents and boyfriend last weekend for dinner before Hamilton -- we were seated right away which was nice. Only thing I noticed when I entered was that it was a tad bit hot and steamy inside.. we had to all take off our layers of clothing to adjust.

We ordered the 3 dips and the grilled octopus to start -- the octopus was done perfectly and my parents wouldn't stop raving about it. We all ordered a platter of some sort for our meals.. I had the falafel (good, but a tad dry), my dad had the gyro (loved it), and my mom and bf had the swordfish (they really liked it). I was so glad that my family loved the food as they live out of town and I felt responsible for showing them a good time in the city. Our service was super friendly and quick and we had plenty of time before the show which was nice to not feel rushed.

Once again, I love Kanella and will definitely be back. The quality of the food for the price is almost unbeatable and I kindof want to keep it a secret :)
We had Easter brunch here and it was delicious. The selection had all the elements of a Mediterranean meal. I had the (lamb) kebab, which came in a hefty portion. It came with some very tasty hummus, a bean salad, roasted eggplant salads, olives and pita. The entire meal cost $15 and there was not a single open spot on the plate because the plate was packed to the brim with food. We also had the frappe, which is a whipped coffee that I highly recommend everyone try. 

I would love to try their dinner. I could
only imagine how good their dinner is if run had was so incredible. I would happily come back and highly recommend trying this place out for any meal.
Kanella opened back up and is better than ever!  For starters we tried the muhammara, tzatziki, hummus, crispy brussel sprouts and kibbeh. It was served with warm grilled pita. Each bite was tastier than the next. For main course, we ordered the chicken shish and the beef kebab. Both were perfectly charred on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside. When I tell you it's the best grilled chicken I've ever had, I mean I woke up thinking about going back again tonight. The entrees were accompanied with rice or bulgar pilav and a grilled long hot pepper with some dipping paste that complimented the meats. We were perfectly full, but of course I had to try the desserts. If you like pumpkin, get the caramelized pumpkin. It was special. For me, the kunefe was everything I want in a dessert. It was warm, crispy, filled with stretchy cheese and perfect amount of sweetness. All the ingredients were clean and fresh yet full of flavor at the same time! Our server diligent and well informed of the menu. 10 out of 10, would recommend.
I'd do 4.5 stars if I could. The service was good and the food was excellent. The chicken was very well seasoned and grilled just right. The fries were hot, the salad was refreshing, and the hummus was fresh, smooth, and delicious.
Had the gyro.   It was pretty good.  Wasn't amazing but really good.   Excited to check this out for dinner.  I came for lunch.
Continues to be my all time favorite restaurant in Philly. Every single dish is an absolute KNOCK OUT. I feel like a grew up here because my dad and I would come every single Sunday for lunch, order everything on the menu, and we were never disappointed.
I came for the first time since they rebranded the place and left happy and satisfied as ever. Staff was so friendly and helpful in making this a fantastic revisit to my favorite restaurant in Philly. MUCH LOVE!!!
This is a great spot. It's a more casual and affordable version of the previous Kanella (which is now in Queen Village). Prices, vibe, and service were all great on a recent Friday night. And it's BYOB! Definitely worth checking out.
We went on the first night they opened and the two of us were very pleased with the menu and the food, particularly the Mako, but I think it has since come off the menu. 

We were disappointed that they were out of lamb shawarma though. The spanokopita was great, we enjoyed the potato salad, and the hummus was delicious.  The mixed gyro was really good. 

The interior was quaint and charming except it was too quiet and could have done wth some music. It was not particularly busy and without music we felt a little uncomfortable to speak in normal tones. Not sure how different that would be on a very busy night. Regardless, will be back again.
I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at Kanella Grill. After a long night out the night before my friend and I were feeling a little fresh and light food. I had found Kanella Grill on yelp and it was close so we wandered over around 11am on a Saturday. Wow! The food was so fresh! We both ordered the falafel platter. It included three falafels, rice, hummus and pita, fresh tomato salad and olives. The falafel was definitely homemade and it was evident in the taste. The place was quiet when we arrived and we weren't sure if they were opened. The staff was incredibly friendly and walked us through the menu. They had a special that day that included shark as well. I was tempted... but curing a hangover with shark seemed silly. If I lived around this area I would make this a regular stop. Prices are reasonable for the quantity of food as well. The platters were quite large!
One of our most favorite Philadelphia restaurants, for the money I doubt you can get fresher or more flavorful food than at this kanella . My husband and I shared baba ganoush (a standout item, so delicious and remarkable- a bit small for two but that just made us all the more excited for the rest of the meal!) we shared a Greek salad, fresh with all the right flavors but a bit overdressed. Then we shared a lamb kofta plate...holy yum, these lamb meatballs with apricots and pistachios are a revelation! One of the yummiest things I've ever eaten, the kind of thing that tasted but richer than the $15-$17ish dollars the plate cost. A real chef made these and the crunch of pistachio and hint of apricot really send it over the top. The plate was covered in many things. Beautiful fresh hummus, pickled veggies, pita, and a little more Greek salad- the whole plate topped with crumbled feta and pomegranate seeds. This meal felt extremely fancy to me as someone who rarely eats out these days. A real treat. We ended with baklava and a semolina custard. The baklava was sitting in a pool of syrup and not my favorite. To my surprise the semolina pudding was incredible. I've never had it before but it tastes similar to rice pudding but with a finer texture from the semolina. This was slightly less sweet than a typical restaurant dessert, letting the flavors shine through. I went home instantly to google a recipe for it myself, then decided I can't make something I like that much in a large batch!
Came here for dinner and left wanting second dinner. I have to preface this by saying that the food is very, very good. The kebabs were perfectly seasoned and juicy, and the diced tomatoes/cilantro that were sprinkled in with the meat were fresh and tangy. 

BUT - the portions were tiny. 

Maybe it was our fault for coming a little later on a Sunday night, but when we arrived around 7:30, we were informed by the waiter that they were out of all things lamb, hummus, and baklava (what Mediterranean place runs out of hummus??). No big deal, we just decided to get kebabs instead of platters since we were going to miss out on the hummus anyways. Our food arrives, and there's a whole lot of white space staring up from our plates. The mixed kebabs ($12) turned out to be half a pita stuffed with a few delicious chunks of meat, and some pickled vegetables on the side. And some sauce, I guess. But $15 (after tax and tip) can easily get you further than half a pita in Philly - I may look elsewhere for Mediterranean food next time.
Due to some of my mom's health restrictions we wanted to find a place that was on the healthier side, and Kanella Grill turned out to be a delicious detour!

We were pretty hungry but decided to go with the hummus instead of the dip platter, which was the right decision. The hummus was super filling! The hummus had roasted chickpeas which was a nice crispy touch. It wasn't the creamiest hummus ever but it was still very good. I kind of wish the pita came out hot but that's just me.

My indecisive self went with the halloumi pita per the waiter's suggestion, who said the chicken goes better with the salad. It was my first time trying halloumi cheese and it was AMAZING. Halloumi has this slightly chewy, almost kind of flaky texture, and has a somewhat salty flavor. I was nervous about it being too rich but it's honestly a great replacement for meat. The pita was also filled with cucumbers, tomatoes, and onions. I put some hummus on it and it was the cherry on top.

My mom loved her Greek salad with chicken, which came with tahini dressing on the side. My dad thought his gyro was ok (he's used to having lamb gyros while this was a beef/pork mixture).

Side note, I was also so impressed with the service. There were about 7 tables, and two waiters. Still, our waiter was so attentive and engaging, and the teamwork was awesome. Keep it up y'all!
The worst experience ever using Caviar to order from this restaurant.

I order quite a bit, or should I say if I'm not going out, I will order from a restaurant everyday.  When there is something you can't follow through with on a request, I usually get a call from either caviar or the restaurant.  This time I requested no onions or scallions in my food. What showed up? Filled with what I didn't want.  Called the restaurant, the guy says they have a disclaimer on their caviar page.  I use my phone dude and there isn't any disclaimer about no substitutions.  But you would think an honest restaurant would call me and say look before you waste your money, we can't do what you want.  Noooo.... they collected my cash and didn't accommodate me. 

Thanks!
Food is light and fresh, with the added bonus of being BYOB. My boyfriend and I split a roasted eggplant salad and a small plate of falafel for apps, then got two platters -- one with the pork loin kebab and one with a filet of spanish mackerel. The fish was perfectly seasoned and the kebab was flavorful. Our severs were friendly and attentive, and the restaurant was bright, homey, and fairly spacious. Made for an all-around excellent dining experience at a reasonable price. Will definitely be returning.
Amazing service and atmosphere. Small menu but great options for everyone. Love the outdoor seating. Inexpensive and high quality food. Just a fun place to eat!
Have been there twice. Great both times. The baba ghanouj special appetizer was the stuff dreams are made of. One of us can't eat onions and on both occasions the waitstaff helped identify good options and the chef created a special onion-free salad for the platters. Generous portions of halloumi and shawarma for platters with delicious veges and good rice. An additional sardine would have been welcome on the grilled sardine platter. The galaktoboureko makes you wonder why you would ever want anything else for dessert. BYOB. Cash only. No rez.
Ordered from Kanella Grill because I was craving something healthy (greek salad) and hearty (chicken kebab) that could last me a couple of nights while my partner is out of town. Although you have the option of getting chicken ON the salad, I opted for the kebab platter so I could try the hummus, pita, and chips (fries) - and I also assumed the portion of chicken would be larger on the platter. 

First, the food - all was very good. The salad had clearly NOT been sitting around, but was freshly composed & lightly dressed, with a large piece of delicious feta on top. The kebab was good, but nothing to write home about. Chips were (as others have said) really well seasoned & delicious. 

Delivery (through Caviar) was quick! Another plus. 

The 3 stars is mostly for the portion sizes - I do not have a huge appetite, this order was essentially 2 meals (kebab & salad), and will barely stretch to feed me twice. Half a pita came with the platter, and only a couple of tablespoons of hummus, along with ~6 pieces of chicken. For the price, I would have expected more, and there are plenty of places in Philly to get large(r) portions of decent mediterranean food at a reasonable price.
Kanella Grill was amazing from start to finish- from the ambiance, to the staff, and of course, the food. The dining room was filled with Greek music, smiling faces and satisfied customers. We ordered the chicken kebab, sardine platter, apricot juice, cucumber mint and kanella drink, a side of halloumi and a side of hot sauce. Every single dish was incredible. The dishes were fresh, flavorful, authentic, and clearly cooked with love. While it is always great to have a delicious meal, even a delicious meal can be tainted by bad service. This is not the case here. Our server, LA, was so helpful. She was friendly and chatty, but not too chatty, and helped guide us through the whole experience. To end the meal, we got the baklava, which is hands down the best baklava I have ever had. Our lunch would not have been as memorable had it not been for all the help of our server, LA. So, thank you LA, Kanella Grill, chef Dom and chef-owner Konstantinos for making my Saturday afternoon one to remember!
This is a great place. The food is standard Greek - Mediterranean but the quality and taste is way better than most other local places at this price point. It is remarkably inexpensive, and the small cozy crowded interior makes it feel like having a meal in a small restaurant in Greece. It's BYOB which is another added benefit. Where else can you have a meal for two people for 40 bucks including tax and tip? For us it is a perfect everyday or weeknight out, but nice enough for a weekend evening also.
A group of us ordered take out from work.  The food was delicious, but over priced.  For a 'big' greek salad with chicken kabob ($14) , there was two pieces of chicken, no side pita and very little to be called 'big.'  Also, for a take out salad the dressing was already applied and some pieces of lettuce became soggy.  As a hospital employee that orders out a lot with co-workers the prices aren't competitive with other options in the area. The greek food we usually get from the greek festival on 8th street is larger portions and less expensive with the same great taste. I understand as a BYOB you feel you can upcharge due to allowing customers to bring their own alcohol.  But has hospital employees that are just picking up I feel it should be discounted.
Lovely simple Mediterranean option for a light lunch.

I opted for the $12 falafel sandwich platter, which was really flavorful and just the right size. I asked for extra tahini sauce coz that's how I roll. Loved the tomato/feta salad.  My sis asked for a gyro and don't even even even ask to not get fries, it comes on top of a gyro as per the chef's preference. Don't like fries? You won't get a refund and I recommend just picking them off instead of complaining to the server.

I asked for an iced tea, which came with thyme.  I liked it but it was a bit strong for my sister, who said it was like falling down and getting a mouthful of herbs. Yah OK, sis.

Conveniently located near the PATCO station on 9th & 10th and Locust.
Menu is uncomplicated and the food is simply prepared, good food without being fussy. We got the daily selection of dips, which was delicious and almost a meal in itself. Very reasonably priced, especially for the location in center city, Philadelphia. Our meal there was a much better value than the one we had for twice the price the night before at a well-known, high-end restaurant. Busy place and popular with large groups, so you may want a reservation. Service was a bit funky, but not enough to be a serious issue -- plus the proprietor was attentive to us and other guests. And, yes, it is bring your own wine and beer.
Such a great BYOB spot! The food is super fresh and authentic. The owner/manager is also very friendly and makes sure you have a great experience!
I'm delighted to find such excellent fresh food with really fine quality olive oil. The service was as good as the food. 
My Lebanese traditional heart was delight to enjoy such outstanding Greek cuisine.
This place is never a disappointment. Highly recommend the fish specials ! Dining in is always great, but take out is also amazing. Also, there tasting menu for $35 a person is tons of food and a great way to sample the menu!
Food was good but the service was so much better. I appreciate the attentiveness and BYO at this location. The pita was so flavorful and the white fluffy dessert is a MUST "Greek flan."
Not impressed at all. I was expecting more authentic Greek food and it definitely wasn't. I ordered the spanakopita and still baffled as to why I had a giant scoop of sour cream on the plate with it. We wanted to order the dips but none of them were Mediterranean in thought or flavor. Tastes were ok but definitely not impressive.
My partner and I recently had dinner here. We were SO excited for its return to 10th and Spruce. We live in the neighborhood, so having this corner empty was upsetting. Now that it's back we couldn't wait to try! For starters, we had the hummus and pita - basic, but delicious. For our entrees we both had the chicken kabob platter. I got a side of chips, while my partner had the rice. Both were good sized portions and came with hummus and pita. The service was quick and attentive and the vibe on a Friday night was upbeat and casual. We will certainly be back!
I was really looking forward to trying out Kanella Grill. However, I will never try to come here again due to issues with our reservation and the poor handling of the situation. We had planned to come here with a big group to celebrate a friends birthday. We made the reservation a few weeks in advance and had until the day before to make the deposit. When we called to confirm and make the deposit, the staff person told us that they called the number listed and a man answered saying that he had no idea what they were talking about. The then cancelled the reservation. They had our correct phone number on file and did not bother to reach out to us after calling the incorrect number. They offered no alternative to our cancelled reservation and were unapologetic. Won't be going here or recommending it to anyone due to the poor customer service that we experienced.
While Greek cuisine doesn't make my heart pitter-patter, I was very pleased with my experience at Kanella Grill. I met a friend on a Wednesday evening at 5:30. I recommend reservations because the place filled up fast. It's BYOB and the staff was friendly and attentive. I had the chicken kebab platter which came with a skewer of chicken, pita, hummus, rice, and cucumber salad. The chicken was grilled to perfection but still juicy. The cucumber salad and hummus was fresh and delicious. My friend had the grilled octopus (I had a bite it was incredible) and a side of falafel. We left feeling full and happy. I highly recommend Kanella for it's healthy, flavorful, and very reasonably priced food.
Always a great meal and nice, clean, cozy ambience. I love their lamb sandwiches. Equally good for lunch or dinner.
The falafel was amazing! My husband who is Jordanian has been struggling to find falafel that was legit and he found it at Kanella! He also complimented the Tahini, saying it was the real deal! I order the gyro which was packed with flavor and juicy meat. My husband ordered the lamb kofta platter and said the meat was perfectly cooked and the hummus was delicious! We rarely have dessert, but after such a delicious main course we couldn't pass it up. We ordered the chocolate mousse and it was perfectly rich and light. The environment and ambience was very cozy. Safe to say we will be coming back again!
OH MY!  This was such a delicious treat! we ordered takeout tonight and had it delivered by Uber eats. We are not comfortable during Covid with going out and picking up ourselves and wish there was a way we could've given the restaurant a tip but that app doesn't allow.

Platters are excellent and an outstanding value.  I had veal meatballs with mint  and DH had grilled quail which was out of this world. Both came with yummy rice Greek type salads and hummus. All super delicious. Platters are very large and we had to save half which will be for another night. We also shared the octopus salad appetizer... Perfectly seasoned and absolutely delicious. We ordered two desserts but are too full to eat them. Will try them later. Thank you Kanella grill!
Amazingly fresh mediterranean food!! What a Hospitable chef and owner! He came put a few times to check on everyone in the restaurant. The restaurant is so cozy as if you are in someone's  dining room. We had the hummus and the dips platter both were Devine and literally melted in your mouth. Excuse the pictures as we had already started to eat when I took them We also had the grilled haloumi and olives as an appetizer they were all amazing! I had the beet salad and falafel for my main course.  The salad was so fresh and the falafel was one of the best I have ever had, so flavorful and did not at all come out oily. My husband had the Greek salad with chicken and he loved it. We spilt the galitikobutko sp? And it was so delicate it wasn't too sweet it was the perfect end to an amazing meal! Well done Kanella!
We went for date night and it was amazing. The service was so fast and friendly. We had the mixed dip platter as an appetizer, mixed kebab platter for me and beef for hubby and there wasn't anything that wasn't fresh, flavorful and just really good. I always get chicken but was  was glad I tried something  new because it was worth it. Although I'm sure the chicken would have been delicious as well. The platter comes with a salad, we got rice, a hummus and pita. We finished with baklava and the custard dish that neither of us could pronounce. Amazing meal, thanke
I've been to Kanella Grill for regular dinner and also their tasting menu. The server said that you get about 90% of their menu with the tasting, and it indeed was a lot of dishes! For $35, you get tzatziki, hummus, pita black eyed beans, olives and pickles, a greek salad, falafel over rice, stuffed grape leaves, 5 types of meat skewers, and both desserts, baklava and galatapelakour. 

They scale it to the number of people you have so sharing is easy (we had 5). Everyone was very impressed. The hits seemed to be the tzatziki, hummus, grape leaves, sausage skewer, and the warm galatapelakour. The other thing I really like is their halloumi which wasn't on the tasting menu but I've ordered separately. BYOB too. Lots of fun!
Came here for dinner with a reservation and we were seated right away. It's a small restaurant with about 15 tables so reservations are definitely encouraged.

We started with the trio of dips (varies daily) which was good . The eggplant salad appetizer was absolutely amazing, definitely my favorite dish of the night. The flavors blend so well together and I would come back just for this dish!

For entrees we all ordered platters, which were a very sizable portion. My lamb was moist and well seasoned, and my friend enjoyed her chicken and pork platter as well. 

We decided to get the rice pudding and the galaktobureko. I was disappointed with the rice pudding, which was supposed to have a stronger cardamom flavor, but the galaktobureko was fairly good.

Overall, it's a very solid restaurant that I would recommend and return to. They seem to do the savory better than the sweets, but no matter what, don't miss the eggplant.
The gyros here are delicious. The meat is flavorful, and the tzatziki is perfectly creamy. The gyros come with fries in them, which is how they usually are served in Greece. The pita was super fluffy and tasty. My good friends brought me and my wife some takeout dinner this week. They chose Kanella, which we've meaning to try. In addition to the gyros, they brought fried halloumi cheese, olives, tzatziki and pita, as well as ureka pie. Everything was so good. The halloumi was super delicious, and cooked perfectly. The fries were a bit thinner than my preference but super delicious. They were seasoned just right. This place was very delicious and I cant wait to dine in. It's byo!
An essential, do not miss experience in Philadelphia! The location is central (no parking) and small, so make a reservation if your time is limited. The Cypriot Greek food is fresh and the menu seasonal, using local and sustainable options. My kids adore the Halloumi Platter! The server was very knowledgeable and helpful. The space is light and open with traditional colors.
This restaurant is small so I recommend making a reservation. The menu is not extensive, but the main items all sound delicious. The food is fresh and tasty and the service staff were friendly.
It had been several years since I dined here and in the interim things have gone downhill though one wouldn't notice given the boisterous mostly young crowd that filled the place.  This could be explained as much by the low costs and BYOB status as anything else.  Surely the food cannot be the main attraction any longer because it's mediocre.  A Greek salad was very dull, the dressing so nondescript I wondered whether or not they forgot it altogether.  Now, a Greek salad is not necessarily the best way to judge a Cypriot restaurant, but like French onion soup in a bistro, it's a good place to start.  If they cannot get that right the signs aren't good.  A gyro was even worse.  I don't know who thought of placing french fries in the gyro but doing so does not qualify as gilding the lily only overdoing it.  The lamb was so overcooked and stringy I thought it was gristle at first.  The sauce, served on the side, was flat and boring.  A rice pudding was also dull and boring.  Indeed, the entire meal was so uninteresting and flat I was shocked given my memories of previous visits.  To top things off, the noise was deafening.
I went here on a Sunday night around 6pm and was seated immediately.  However, around 7pm the tables started to fill up quickly.  The menu is quite small, but the service is good and the restaurant is BYOB which is great!  Most of all, the food was tasty.  The babaganoush dip was flavorful and smoky and their hummus is also good.  One thing I would say though is that their entree portions are a bit on the small side.  The falafel platter only came with 3 falafel and the rest was rice and greens.  

All in all, I would come back again.  It felt like a tasty, light, fresh, and healthy dinner.
This is one of my favorite places to go for a casual dinner. Plus, its BYOB! Great cypriot style Greek food. I usually get the platters with whichever meats I'm feeling that night. The trio of dips is a great shareable item in the beginning and I tell everyone who is going that they must try the baklava!!! I do not have a sweet tooth at all but I think about their baklava from time to time.
If you're looking for fresh Greek/Mediterranean food then this is the perfect spot, and it's BYOB! 

I love their simple menu, no frills. Just quality and delicious food. Everyone was friendly and helpful.

We started w the special eggplant salad, grilled octopus and trio dips w pita. All were super tasty and perfect amount to share for four. 

Then we each ordered a kebab platter- I ordered the chicken which was moist and juicy. You can't eat Greek without the salad and hummus, so the platter is the perfect combo. You also have the option of rice or chips (fries). Everything is house made and you can definitely taste the difference.

Just a side note, they are listed on this year's Philadelphia top 50, so def check it out!
Konstantinos knows intimately and cooks all the great Cypriot fine food he serves with vigor and joy, fun handsome man too!  His wife and kids are talents that I've met at his restaurants and one can see why a great family man understands the practicality of family dining and the joy of social dining, eating healthy and not just inhaling food, and yet I've had many great intimate dates here too.  And I entertain my elderly parents too so not feeling aged out of a Millenial-ville scene.  Bring an extra bottle and leave it behind to offer to a couple who didn't know to bring one--it's a great neighborhood clean crisp interior BYOB--thank God we need more of these in Rittenhouse Fitler.  Many flavors in each bite, Tried it all, brunch is a blessing and makes weekends seem special-er, usually a stunning special and always fresh fish. The cypress breakfast is so healthy and flavorful with veggies ham and magic mozzarella like squeaky cheese--halloumi!  There's a breakfast stew good and hearty for winters.
We went for date night and it was amazing. The service was so fast and friendly. We had the mixed dip platter as an appetizer, mixed kebab platter for me and beef for hubby and there wasn't anything that wasn't fresh, flavorful and just really good. I always get chicken but was glad I tried something  new because it was worth it. Although I'm sure the chicken would have been delicious as well. The platter comes with a salad, we got rice, a hummus and pita. We finished with baklava and the custard dish that neither of us could pronounce. Amazing meal! 
P.s no pic of entree as couldn't wait to start eating it.
Came here on a Tuesday night-was very glad to have reservations as it was very busy. It was a bit loud, but still felt relaxing. The service was very slow, especially at the end of the meal. The dips were very good, the sirloin kebab was ok. It was not overcooked, but had a burnt taste to it.
This place deserves an updated review because I've been there so many times now...and not only is it consistently my favorite food in Philly; last time I brought fam here and we all ordered Greek coffee and when they saw I didn't drink it (I didn't complain, it just wasn't my cuppa), they said "we noticed you didn't drink your coffee, so dessert is on us." Now that is excellent service!
What a disappointment. I was so hyped that I was finally able to make it out here. There was about a 45 min wait for walk ins on a Tuesday evening - what!? 

Ordered the chicken kebob platter with rice and hummus w/ pita. The chicken was under cooked and still pink in the center. The rice pilaf was ok- some of the rice pieces were not completely cooked. The hummus was average - not as creamy or flavorful as some of the other neighborhood hummus establishments. The pita too was tough and hardened quickly. 

I don't want to be too quick to judge since everyone seems to have had great food here. Although I didn't love the food, the ambience and the service was excellent.
Love this place! Had dinner here on a return trip to Philadelphia (used to live here). Simple menu, food is ultra fresh and well prepared and seasoned. Very affordable and a BYO to boot! Excellent service. We are vegan and there were ample delicious options. Also had our seven year old daughter and she loved the food too. Also many BYOs are cash only, but Kanella takes cards - nice.
So happy Kanella is back on 10th and Spruce! The chicken kebab is just as flavorful yet light as I remember. The hummus was great and the pita is served hot off the grill. Some new drink additions but still BYO. Beware the cilantro that is generously sprinkled all over your food. For some where cilantro tastes like soap this is a bit of a problem (don't order the rice it is pre-mixed). Get the galaktoboureko for dessert a custard based treat! You won't regret it! Cash only.
Best Greek food I have ever had! I love this place and the owner is very nice and extremely passionate about food.
I went here again for my birthday and again, the food was amazing! I tried the watermelon salad this time, and it was so fresh and refreshing! The halloumi platter was great as usual! 

The only thing that's a bummer is that for groups larger than 8, its $37/person and you can only do the chef's platter since a large group can overwhelm the kitchen. I'm not sure if this is only for reservations or for walk-ins as well though
