Came here for lunch on a weekday. Not much to say besides it'll remind you of every sushi restaurant that offers lunch specials and the sushi is meh. That's really all I can say. The server was friendly and attentive. But there's nothing that would make me come back.
Kansai is a solid Japanese and sushi option with reasonable pricing for the Philadelphia.  We grabbed an early dinner here on a recent Sunday.  We were the only patrons.  However, there were several Uber Eats and pick up orders going on while we were dining. A good sign.

We ordered a Salmon Dinner Bento Box, Kansai Roll, and a Tuna Roll.  The Salmon Benton box was huge, super filing and a great value for the price.  It came with soup, salad, rice, shumai, tempura, and california rolls. The Tuna Roll was also great. However, the Kansai roll was just ok; we expected more since it was the restaurant namesake roll.
Review is for delivery! This isn't a fancy sushi place, but it is great to get your fill yummy sushi. 
I've ordered from Kansai twice so far and it seems that it's my new go-to. The rolls are very generous and the rice is cooked well. Fish is fresh and pricing is standard for the quality. I've had the salmon, salmon avocado cream cheese, white tuna avocado, spicy tuna, spicy yellowtail, spicy salmon (trio special), salmon entree, and the sashimi appetizer. All soooo good with above average portions!!
Oh man Oh man Oh man. 

Now it usually takes me a good 2+ weeks to even get a semblance of a review together for a place I've gone to. But this place is special. 

Now I came here today to celebrate my 90 days and to study. I was successful in one of the two. 

Since I had completed my 90 day probation and was officially hired at my first (over the table) job since graduation (CLAP FOR EM), I had decided that I was going to celebrate. And since I need to do some homework for my grad school classes (Oh she fancy), and can never do it while at work on my breaks, I figured going to a sit in lunch would be the perfect solution for the two. Well I was definitely able to celebrate but found myself unable to get past a paragraph of work since I was basically dying from the deliciousness of the food.

Oh my sushi heaven. This place sure knows how to do it and do it well. No. Better than that. This place is 5 star superb. 

Okay, lets first start with what I got today. I went for the Tempura lunch box special for an extremely reasonable $9.95. It comes with a delicious miso soup, large and filling green salad (my only complaint is that there was a bit too much dressing, but I easily worked around that), and a bento full of duh.li.ciousness. 

The bento came with a california roll (which I ordered without avocado- gasp the horror!), gyoza which had this banging sauce, rice, and the tempura (2 shrimp and veggies). It was rolling-in-my-grave-if-i-was-dead delicious. 

The service was also fantastic and everyone is very friendly. I suggest getting extra gyoza sauce, because it was a perfect dip for the tempura and the rice. I couldn't finish it all and had to wrap it up, but I'm extremely happy to have an afternoon snack that is so good. I've also had the shrimp tempura maki ($6.75) here before and it is definitely the best tempura roll I've had in Philly. 

I can't really say much else other than this is going to be my go to lunch treat on payweek and that I will be bringing my friends here since its byob. So far so duh.li.cious!
Review for Delivery only: One of the best sushi delivery places in Philly. Never been to the actual restaurant but the delivery is always quick and correct. One of the freshest and largest rolls I've seen in the city with very reasonable prices.
After my irrational rant about a substitution policy (hey, I was a young Yelper), I decided to give Kansai another try. My go-to, Cho Cho San, recently closed.

Kansai earned this review out of their own merit. The "salad" looked like it was plucked straight off the head of iceberg. My three sushi rolls (spicy tuna, spicy salmon and spicy yellowtail) were filled with spicy mayo and tasted overly fishy. Obviously, it's fish, but this was off. The saving grace was the miso soup. It was a decent size and delicious.

Ironically, I ordered what I didn't want years ago. The item I wanted (maki combo with multi-kinds of rolls) is now on the menu.

Too little, too late. On the hunt for a go-to again.
I've been struggling to find a go-to sushi spot in my area, so I tried Kansai for the first time last night (delivery via Eat24). Since Kansai is only about half a mile (5 min drive) away from me, I had hoped delivery would be on the faster side, but unfortunately I was wrong, and I had to wait 1 hour for two rolls. Perhaps they were particularly busy on a Wednesday, or just had other orders... or maybe I was just impatient and hangry. Either way, I was surprised that it took as long as it did.

After my wait, I wasn't especially blown away with my sushi - although that might be my fault and due to my choice of rolls and my special instructions. I ordered a simple salmon roll, which tasted just fine, and then tried the King roll, because it has basically everything I wanted rolled up into one (no pun intended). I specifically requested no caviar (roe) and no eel sauce, which I assumed came with the roll since it had eel/avocado on the inside. The King roll was made to my specifications, which I greatly appreciated, but it didn't turn out to be what I had hoped for. 

I will definitely give Kansai another shot, and forego any special instructions (they're the experts, after all, right?). I might also try pickup next time if I'm able.
Stopped by for a quick lunch. Tried triple spicy sushi ($13.50) - 8 pieces. Inside crabmeat and outside half tuna and half salmon. It was the best thing of all the rolls i tried.

Also tried spicy yellowtail (~$5.50) which was good and tofu skin roll (~$3.50) was not great. It was on a sweet side and felt too much rice. 
Clean place and nice service.
This is probably my favorite sushi place in philly. I also love fat salmon, both great sushi places. I order from kansai probably once a week. The food is even good when it's delivered!! The spicy tuna is out of this world- it's actually spicy!!! Obsessed with this place. Couldn't recommend it more!!
After reading the reviews I was hopeful and excited to try this place that's in close proximity to my residence. I ordered the sweet potato roll and the cucumber avocado roll. The rolls were nothing special. I was actually pretty disappointed with the sweet potato roll as it consisted mainly of fried breaded batter with just a sliver of sweet potato. Expected more potato less fluff. Probably wouldn't try again, as there are way too many better options in the area.
Ordered lunch from here for the first time and enjoyed my meal. They do not have a lunch special so I thought lunch was a bit pricey, but I'd come back for dinner. My bf and I ordered gyoza, ebi avocado roll, spicy tuna roll, futomaki roll and crabmeat shrimp roll. Only roll we disliked was the ebi avocado. It was a temaki (cone shaped) roll and something we weren't expecting at all because it never listed that on the menu. Shrimp was fresh but nothing special about the roll so I wouldn't order it again. Miso soup costs $2.75 and salad costs $3.50, which is insane since it's usually complimentary.
All the rolls were fresh which is why I would come back.
We picked up the sushi and sashimi special here with the miso soup and it was perfect.  It was ready fast and it was an easy pickup.  There is a loading zone right in front of the door too so it couldn't be easier to pick up.  

Everything was so fresh and so delicious.  It was a perfect meal for 2.  I will def order again.
We've ordered from Kansai over 20 times.  It has been our go-to sushi take-out place.  Today .... WORM!!!!!!! That's right, a (expletive deleted) worm in our food.  Only to be discovered while chewing!  Please note a reviewer from 4 months ago also had the same complaint.  Buyer beware. They lost a customer today.


Still grossed out Philly!
As a newcomer to Philadelphia, I need to figure out how to get my hands on one of my favorite things: sushi! After having frequented a place further up Spring Garden for work, I decided to try Kansai since it was closer to home. I've yet to find a poor quality sushi restaurant in Philadelphia! 

Whenever I place my order, the staff is very cordial and extremely pleasant. The food is always ready when I pick it up, and it's fairly reasonably priced for what you get. I've had the California roll, Philadelphia roll and tuna avocado roll. Flavorful with good texture. Nicely done! Also generous with ginger and wasabi - silly, but it goes a long way when you don't run out and have enough wasabi to make you cry! 

Definitely worth a shot to try on Spring Garden - there are plenty of sushi spots in the area. This is another worth checking out.
Cute little place, attentive service, and good sushi. Over all my boyfriend an I had a nice time and a good meal without feeling overwhelmed or pushed. I will be going back and will most definitely recommend them to others.
Perfectly decent neighborhood sushi and noodles joint.  Everything is always fresh. Broth is well considered. Noodles firm and comforting. 
We always BYOB.
Paid a lot of money for junk 
1. Crispy shrimp was soggy and no taste of shrimp
2. Hand roll been ordered by mistake
Called them right after placing order guy said ok he will change but apparently he did not
3 no wasabi no ginger with 5 orders of sushi
But got three soy sauces
4 ordered beef terriaki dinner with miso soup requested medium rare beef ! Got overcooked rubbery beef and way undercooked broccoli
Half of soup been spilled at the delivery bag the rest of it was tasteless water
5. Avocado on rolls been old with dark dots 
6 gyoza soup had 2 gyoza and tasteless water
7 cani salad was descent in compare to whole order but no taste or spice 
Also had tempura crunch which makes salad looks nasty like someone put dandruff in it
Would not order from it again and don't recommend it to anyone. It's not cheap so don't waste your money on crap!
This sushi was 100% acceptable.

I started with the Philly roll. They make theirs with cucumber instead of avocado, and even though I prefer the avocado, it was a good roll. I was a little sad that it only came with 6 pieces insted of 8 (which is what I'm used to getting), but for just under $5.00, you can't go wrong.

I also got the Spicy Girl roll, which was basically spicy salmon and avocado tempura that came with spicy sauce, eel sauce & chunks of peanut on top. The roll was definitely good, but it fell apart so, so, SO easily. I had to eat it with my hands and it was still making a mess.

A friend of mine got the spicy tuna roll, and it was made just the way I like my spicy tuna. The fish was mashed up and mixed with the spicy sauce (versus it being sliced and the sauce put on top), and it also had what I believe were Japanese breadcrumbs in it. I really like when places stick the breadcrumbs in with the spicy tuna because it gives it a nice crunch.

Anyway, when all was said and done, I wasn't disappointed. It took a while for our food to come out, which surprised me because there were only 2 other tables in the restaurant at the time, but I didn't mind that much. The overall look and feel of the place is really nice - it's clean and well-maintained.

This is definitely an option when getting some quick sushi!
I haven't been to the actual restaurant but I've ordered take-out from here at least 4 times. My main choices are the sweet potato roll and the Salmon Avocado Roll. For the price, the size of the sushi was more than I expected and the salmon as well as the avocado tasted so fresh!! I felt like being fancy last week and got the Godzilla Roll and it was literally out of this world! Even writing about it makes me want it again, if they were open right now I'd definitely order right now! This is definitely my go-to place from now on, whether I'm ordering online or dining in because its also BYO! When ordering online, I order through Grub Hub and when I place my order they ask for my phone number. After the order is processed, a couple minutes later you'll receive a text message of the estimated arrival time, and though sometimes it estimates and hour, they're always within the time frame, if not earlier! They definitely fulfill all of my sushi needs and more!
My husband and I were looking forward to a low key, sushi date night so decided we'd head to Kansai. We've eaten there once before and had delivery on several occasions and had pleasant experiences each time. The restaurant itself is small but well decorated, and on our last visit were really trying impress us by letting us sample new dishes on the menu.

Expecting a nice evening, we arrived at Kansai around 6 and were the only customers in the restaurant. We were greeted somewhat promptly and had our choice of tables so selected the spot in the front by the window. Unfortunately a little flying bug also decided to join us and couldn't be swatted down. The hostess, who was also our waitress, and informed us of the special roll of the day. 

I was looking for a maki combo option that wasn't just tuna or just Cali rolls and wasn't spicy. I love spice but I wanted to avoid the excess calories of the mayo. I decided to ask if I could have the spicy combo rolls (tuna, yellowtail and salmon) but as the regular, non-spicy rolls. I've done this before at other sushi places and possibly even there for delivery. I honestly don't remember the exact restaurants but it's never been a big deal before. Our waitress came back and asked if I wanted the special roll and continued to show us where it was on the menu. Uh, thanks...you already told us the special. I asked if she'd be able to accommodate and she said they couldn't do that. I said I needed a few more minutes. She tried to ask my husband for his order at that point, however he also asked for a few more minutes on my behalf. At one point I think she pointed out the special roll of the day again.

I honestly wasn't loving the other ala carte options, I really wanted a maki dinner combo. Out of principal I wasn't ordering the combo with just tuna or just Cali rooms...boring! So I decided to see if they could go light on the mayo spicy roll combo. Apparently they couldn't, which I didn't understand why they couldn't do that at first. My husband informed me that they were probably pre-made. The waitress told me I could order the rolls I wanted ala carte, but that would come without my choice of soup and salad and cost more than I wanted to spend.

I couldn't believe how unaccommodating they were being to the only customers in the restaurant. Maybe I was being a bit stubborn, as I was asking for a menu modification, however based on having this theoretically small menu tweak honored in the past, I really didn't think it was a big deal on their end. Non-spicy rolls are cheaper on the ala carte menu anyways!  I have trouble paying for something I'm not thrilled about to start with, so we ended up leaving. Sushi places are a dime a dozen in Philly and I'd rather go someplace with better customer service.
The sushi rice was horrible. I ordered 3 rolls for take out and walked over to pick it up. It took about 7 minutes to get home. 

The rice on all the rolls were moist and squishy. Not a good texture on the sushi rice for the rolls.
This is a review for a delivery I ordered on Grubhub.

My partner and I got a lunch box special of tempura (included gyoza, califronia roll, rice, and miso), the spicy salmon roll, and the eel and avocado roll. The tempura was a little soggy and didn't have crunch you usually want, but it could be due to the delivery. The spicy salmon roll wasn't spicy at all, but the eel and avocado was delicious. The gyoza was really good. 

Great for a quick, satisfying meal.
Kansai is a local sushi restaurant that is literally half a block from our apartment. So it's pretty sad that it's taken so long to check it out. Either way, it's good to know if I want some decent nigiri or rolls, they're just a few steps away.

First thing's first - Kansai is a Philly-friendly BYO! So the GF and I brought over a Junmai Nigori sake to start off our night right before seeing Aziz Ansari at Wells Fargo. This was a lusciously floral libation - easy drinking to be sure. So be warned, you'll find yourself knocking them back and stumble out the door. 

Salad
Ginger dressing

This came as part of the sushi regular appetizer and offered a fresh and crisp mix of lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumber with that ubiquitous, yet addictive ginger dressing. 

Spicy Tuna Tartare [$7.95]

I appreciated that the tartare wasn't obliterated beyond belief and that there were distinct pieces of tuna interspersed throughout this chili and ponzu-spiced melange. Accents of tobiko were a nice textural pop to each bite. Pretty standard, but well executed. 

Vegetable Tempura [$7.50]

The tempura were expertly fried - eggplant, sweet potatoes, broccoli, and squash were offered - each with a crisp, crunchy exterior that lent itself to tenderness within. 

Sushi Regular [$17.25]

The regular sushi appetizer brought forth a classic quartet of nigiri including 2 each of salmon, tuna, yellowtail, and striped bass. Decent - the sushi was fresh and the quality was on par with a non-omakase sushi experience. A California roll was included as well.

Sweet Potato Roll [$3.95]
Spicy Salmon Roll [$5.25]
Yellowtail Scallion Roll [$4.95]

The yellowtail scallion wasn't exactly revelatory, but I appreciated that the spicy salmon roll offered substantial pieces of salmon, instead of a pureed blend of spice and salmon leftovers. The sweet potato roll was also one of the better iterations I've had - huge chunks housed in a crisp shell. 

So if you're in the Fairmount area, you've certainly got a few options including the venerated Umai Umai and Doma Sushi. But if you're looking for a relaxed BYO environment with fresh, decent quality sushi, Kansai has got you covered. Better yet - while they take credit cards, cash is king and they offer discounts for those who bite.
With classy high priced sushi place like Umai and Doma near by I think Kansai is a hidden gem that most people over look.  Its completely reasonably priced compared to its near by competition.  The sushi is always fresh and displayed fabulously.  They have great lunch specials and weekly specials as well.  BYOB, you can't go wrong eating in or taking out at Kansai.
My go-to place for delivery sushi! It's not the most amazing sushi I've ever had, but it's dependable, affordable and deliverable! I don't know if I would seek out this place for a sit down meal, but every Sunday I order sushi and seaweed salad. They have a good variety of specialty rolls that are filling and flavorful. It arrives quickly (under 40 minutes) and costs less than a dollar for delivery.
It was something to eat and that's about it. Nothing special. We were really hungry so I didn't complain much but I wouldn't go back. We had an order of chicken teriyaki and another of the steak teriyaki. It came with steam veggies and white rice. The steak had no flavor and was too tough. 

You can't dine in still btw.
Pretty good sushi and large portions of non sushi entrees. Good find around the Art Museum area.
I'm giving it 4 stars because this is the most reasonable, decent sushi place that delivers to Temple University! I've never set foot in the actual restaurant, but delivery is always prompt, and they always follow my extra orders (cucumbers instead of crunch, handroll, etc.). I can tell that they try hard to get my order right. I ordered a special roll once and they called immediately after I placed my order to let me know that they were out of salmon but would be happy to substitute it for something else. 

Godzilla roll is a little too greasy/fatty feeling because of all the crunch, but they can hold it if you ask for it. Spicy roll combo is a great deal! The sushi quality here is pretty average imo (better than grocery store, but it ain't no JIRO!), but I am always satisfied after ordering from here.

Recommendations:
- yellowtail! salmon, tuna
- godzilla
- any of the special rolls, really depending on your preferences
- spicy maki combo
- lunch time combos
- dinner boxes (stay away from the tonkatsu though, it's pretty skimpy and you can get a better deal somewhere else)
- shumai

Stay away from the the salmon skin (was really weird and not the right texture or taste).
Kansai has become my regular, neighborhood sushi place for a few reasons:

1. It is BYOB with no cork fee.
2. They have a huge variety of exciting rolls
3. The fish is FRESH and plentiful
4. The service is quick and they offer discounts daily, especially if you pay in cash.

I have dined here approximately 8-10 times. My favorite rolls are the simple ones (like salmon avocado and spicy yellowtail) because they FILL them with fish.  But really any of them are delicious. The flying fish roe and salmon roe are also always delicious.

Unfortunately, Kansai is now closed on Mondays because I think business has been very slow for them. They even had to raise all of their prices a bit, but I still think it is worth the money. I hope that they are able to attract some new customers, because I want to see them around for a while. It's important to have a solid, sushi place you can count on, am I right?!
I love this place. The staff is super friendly, the food is brilliantly presented, and I think it's very fairly priced. It's a small place, just a little cozy, and pretty quiet. When it comes to sushi in this area of the city people generally love Doma, but I say skip the hype and come here. You'll be happy
This place is a cute little sushi joint that offers great dine in service as well as take out service. I have had the chicken teriyaki lunch box (great deal for the money), yaki udon, yaki soba, and the spicy girl roll. The spicy girl roll is seriously amazing -- just get it. The udon and soba are also delicious. Also, recommend the gyoza. Come to think of it, I've yet to have anything bad here. 

The place is always very clean and the people always so nice!
Super decent sushi, quick service. They're my go-to takeout spot for their quick delivery too. Lunch specials two or three rolls so cheap with miso soup or ginger salad. Check them out.
I'm so glad good sushi has moved into the neighborhood!  The service is excellent, the food was wonderful, and the ambiance is great.

Quick tip: I've only eaten in, but I've noticed a few people waiting a bit for their take-out... you should definitely call ahead if you want to take your meal to go.
Ordered from here through Grubhub and yelp. Both times the delivery was extremely quick! Much faster than the estimated time. Got two of the speciality rolls and salmon sashimi. The Godzilla roll was delicious - spicy tuna and avo deep fried with some sauces, and the new island spicy roll without eel - lots of raw tuna, salmon and yellowtail. Most of the fish was good quality and fresh except for the yellowtail was not the best. The salmon sashimi was great and generous portions. Overall good pricing, quality rolls and service, would definitely order from here again!
Great place for reasonably priced takeout sushi. I've never dined in here, so I can't speak on the atmosphere but delivery is always prompt and the fish is always fresh. 

My favorite is definitely the sweet potato roll, delicious!!!
Amazing sushi, not sure how I was so lucky to stumble on this place. Someone else called it a "hidden gem", and that I agree it is. Never had a bad experience here, honestly...go here a couple times a month (can't help myself). Hands down, besssttttt sushi I've had!!! Love the triple spicy roll, eel avocado, spicy salmon and tuna, and of course the California roll.  Have been sorely disappointed with other places since eating here.
I absolutely love this place!!!
as soon as i found out about it it's the only place I go to.
Never had a chance to say thank you.
SO guys, THANKS!
You are great!
delivery is quick, prices are amazing, rolls and salads are always fresh and yummy!
If you are looking for a nice quiet place to spend your night with couple of friends, definitely go there!
It's BYOB also! even better for the pocket.
I love the food at Kensai, but they charge you for the little cups of sauce and they don't even fill them a quarter of the way up. I have asked them in the past to please fill them all the way and they told me they can't because "they are pre packaged."
I'll have to go back to provide a more meaningful review, but I went and checked out Kansai on Saturday and found it to be on the up and up. A dark space - it's below street level - with nice flooring and a step up from run of the mill furniture. 

When I went for lunch I was the only customer and service was great. They have a no-frills lunch menu that includes a 2- or 3- roll meal with soup or salad. And Bento boxes, which come with soup and salad. Their tea was quite good after the cold walk. 

I went with the sushi bento box, which included the option of either shumai or gyoza, one set of california rolls, and four pieces of fish. And extra rice. Everything was good. Not mind blowingly amazing, but not sketchy either. I also asked if they had ikura, since the menu didn't include a full list of their offerings. They did, and I enjoyed the presentation that included a sliced lemon. 

I don't know for how much longer, but right now the place is offering 20% off your check for their grand opening.

Here's a link to photos: http://mealsihaveeaten.blogspot.com/2011/04/sushi-bento-box-co-kansai.html
Excellent sushi again on second time here BUT!!!!!
waitress took multiple phone calls (probably for takeout as the place was empty ) and delayed putting our order in. Then she and the sushi chefs started yelling to each other across the restaurant above our heads!  
It was NOT a pleasant meal despite the good sushi.
If you want this food, which I won't do again, do takeout.
Kensai is a tiny, humble spot that continues to warm my heart.  They have really great sushi (I love me the Godzilla roll and the Halloween roll), really affordable prices, and are always willing to shift around their few tables to accommodate larger parties.  They give you free edamame if you order (or take out) over $30 of food.  Free.99 is my most favoritest prices of all.

In short, this is a great place for a casual night out or a cozy night in.  Keep it up, Kensai.
The sushi isn't that great here. The only things I liked were the fried rice and the green salad. I felt disappointed I spent money on that meal.
I really loved my meal here. The food was absolutely fantastic--delicious sushi and a very varied and affordable menu. They are BYOB, which is always a plus for me. The service was very good as well and the ambiance was great. If you're looking for some delicious sushi without breaking the bank, I would highly recommend!
About average- the beef in the Yaki Udon could have used more seasoning as it was a bit bland. Also the decor and music could use some more inspiration. Having the TV on also doesn't make for a nice dining experience. Although this was when the place first opened so I'll give it another shot once they've worked out the kinks.
Just "meh" on my visit.  The sushi comes out "pretty" but it's not backed up by as much substance.
I ordered the sashimi platter (I thought) but received the sushi platter.  I was tired, and not confident that I ordered correctly, so I went with it.  I almost always order chirashi my first time at a place, but alas, they don't have it.  This is the hallmark of a not-even-trying-to-be-authentic sushi place.
The rice-to-fish ratio was correct, but only because the rice portion was very small, like size of a quarter small.  The tane was pretty meager.  Everything had good flavor, and as Amanda said, "100% acceptable."  

I think they're focused mainly on their "fancy" rolls, which judging by the pics are good.  If you're more of the "rolls are yummy!" type (and there's nothing wrong with that) then you'll like it here.  
Lastly, I was here at 8pm on a Monday evening, and it was dead.  As in, I'm the only person in here dead.  Looks like a decent takeout joint.  Will I be back?  Probably not, but mainly because I'm looking for something a bit more authentic, and less roll-centric.
Easy on the wallet, delightful in the stomach.

This small, chic sushi joint is nested on the corner of 19th and Spring Garden. I missed it the first time I passed by, so keep on the lookout! If you want to eat and run you probably shouldn't come here. But if you have a night on your hands and good company, grab a bottle of wine or sake (it's BYO) and step down into Kansai.

My friend and I both had the avocado salad to start; excellent choice! The ginger dressing is phenomenal and the avocado was of perfect ripeness. I ordered the tuna avocado roll and the spicy crab roll. Both were flavorful and satisfying. My friend got the spicy crab, California, and spider rolls, and although she was stuffed, they were too scrumptious to save for later!

-The rolls are inexpensive (about $4.50 for a regular fish roll and under $4 for vegetarian rolls).

-The service is not very fast but is very friendly.

-We both left feeling satisfied (and tipsy) and my bill was about $15. What more can a young and broke sushi-addict ask for?

TIP: There is a liquor store at 20th and Fairmount. Use it wisely my friends.
They should have tell me that the beef appetizers don't actually contain any beef (only couple of microns) but except for that it was good and delivered on time as well
Today I ordered my first takeout order

$11.07 including tax for their Salmon bento box (Salmon, broccoli, gyoza OR shumai, salad, miso soup, 6 pieces california roll and white rice)

Salad and dressing was good
Miso soup was really bland, wah! :( 
California roll, I've had better. This had more Cucumbers than anything, almost no imitation crab meat, double WAH
Broccoli and veggies were super bland, small piece of salmon -- pretty good

All in all, they do give you a lot of bang for your buck. But nothing I got today was delicious, so therefore I am sad.

I will give them 1 more try next week with the 2 roll lunch special

But right now, Kabuki still wins in my book.
Not awful, however, I don't think I will be a returning customer. 

I ordered the three roll lunch special and the "tod" specialty roll for take out. Here is a breakdown of why I can only give kansai three stars. 

The three roll special was mediocre. Three standard maki rolls, cut into six pieces each. Pretty standard deal. The quantity of fish to rice left me feeling cheated. Not as bad as Vic sushi bar in center city (which fills every roll with an insane amount of cucumber), however, no where near as good as Momiji which in my opinion serves up the best three roll combo in the city. 

Kansai's problems, 

1) Bad avocado, two of my rolls contained it and I couldn't even finish my meal. First of all there was way too much of it and secondly it tasted way too ripe. The texture was total mush and it made the unagi and ebi taste of nothing but old guacamole. (and it takes a seriously bad piece of fruit to overwhelm eel sauce). 

2) The spicy tuna was bland. This has been a problem at almost every mid range sushi bar I've visited in philly. With the exception of Izumi on east Passyunk (the best is my opinion) and momiji which at least has some flavor. This spicy tuna had nothing going for it. No flavor, not the freshest taste or texture and to make matters worse it was served with a crunchy filling component. I've had spicy tuna crunch rolls which are delicious when eaten immediately. I made the mistake of ordering this take out and ended up with greasy mush in my roll. If they stated that the 'crunch" was included on the menu I would have avoided it as a take out option. 

3) My specialty roll was a "hot mess". Literally the tempura needed to cool before it was rolled because I ended up with a sad, messy, warm roll where all the other components where pre
This is a very welcome addition to the Spring Garden St. area. The fish for the sushi and the sashimi is always fresh and tastes pretty good. The service is good, but sometimes takes a little while. But when it does arrive, the presentation is interesting and the taste is great. It's BYO and takes all sorts of credit cards. 

It's a small space, but has never been crowded. I've been there for lunch on a weekday and dinner on a weekend and have never had trouble being seated. There are also seats at the sushi bar. 

I recommend going for lunch as their lunch sushi specials are a steal. The place is cheaper than Doma or Umai Umai, and I prefer it over those two.
We ordered from Kansai last night for delivery and were happy with the delivery. The sushi was good and 2 of the rolls were very different and very good. Its soft-shell crab season and I love them so I ordered one. What I received was 2 pieces of way too much breading crab legs I guess. Not a whole soft shelled crab. The pieces were so small and did not taste like anything but deep fried breadcrumbs. And it cost $8.95.
Great quality sushi at a great price! Wonderful staff and service. Their lunch specials and party platters are awesome.
Delicious and affordable food, and fast delivery! The lunch special boxes are very filling, and the tempura was delicious! My only complaint would be the sushi, which didn't have as much rice as I would've liked in each roll. Other than that, a great restaurant!
Small little sushi place tucked near 19th street. Came here because it was the closest joint nearby. Food was excellent. We ordered chicken teriyaki and sushi/sashimi. Quality of food was excellent and the fish was fresh and cut well. Highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good sushi place.
My favorite place to get sushi from in the area. It's fast take out, well priced, and always delicious. BYO friendly as well. 

My go to order is the spicy tuna roll and shrimp tempura (no crab). For some reason they add the fake crab to their shrimp tempura.
The service was casual but very attentive (gave us a complimentary carafe of sake). The sushi was solid and cheap. I would recommend if you want a weekday sushi fix or casual weekend date.
This BYOB is awesome.

The customer service was fantastic. 

The sashimi roll was delicious, but a little difficult to eat (my fingers were not cooperating).

All in all a good experience and I will try it again.
I've been to this place before I had Yelp, so this is my long awaited review. And it's short. The food here is top notch for the price and the service is pretty good. Not sure what to expect when this place is packed, but between 2 full tables, the waitress did well, and she kept her composure through all the confusion and the goofiness of my folks. 

Real quick: The sushi was like butter. The chef is seriously talented. My folks told me that their Teriyaki was on point, and the portion size was decent. 

My only criticism is the portions. You won't leave hungry unless your appetite is a little larger than standard. And if so, you won't be busting at the seams unless you purchased a few things from the menu, or a larger dinner specific meal.
I found this place after a recommendation from my girlfriend and tried it out on GrubHub.  I get the same order when I order from there, it's my favorite go-to.  I know it will be delicious everytime!  Their kani salad is my favorite!!  The only frustrating thing is how long it takes to get delivered.  More often than not it's at least an hour, although I do know that up front.  This is my place to go to for delivery sushi!!  Can't wait for more.
My friend and I ordered shrimp udon soup, and teriyaki chicken. If you can't make these two dishes right, you cannot call yourself a decent Japanese restaurant. Unfortunately, both dishes failed. The udon soup tastes like those packages you can buy from Asian grocery stores, and the terikaya chicken's taste is way off. Maybe this place has decent sushi, but I definitely will not go back.
Service was good, but food was mediocre at best. I came in at 6 PM on a weeknight, and there was only one other person eating there which probably should've been my first clue. Because there was no one there, service was at least speedy. I had a 'spicy' maki combo, which came with a salad, and green tea mochi ice cream. The spicy maki was anything but spicy. At first I thought maybe the waitress heard me wrong, but when I got the check, it was listed as spicy maki. Overall the tuna was pretty good and the other two were meh. The salad dressing and Mochi ice cream were at least good, but for a place that specializes in sushi...it wasn't anything to write home about.
Came in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised. Lunch specials made a very inexpensive lunch and the rolls were stuffed full. Fish tasted really fresh. I look forward to ordering take out from here in the future.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE x 100000000000

Since writing my last review, I have been back to this place at least ten times. It is FANTASTIC!

Everything I raved about prior to this still is in place, but the service is much quicker! These rolls are the best I've had in Philly. Godzilla roll... yes please. The spicy crab roll is the best roll I have ever eaten (in my life!). It is so simple yet so flavorful. Top it off with your wasabi and bang- full on orgasmic explosions. I get it every time.

The presentation is better than some of the more expensive places in the area.. ::cough, cough.. Umai::

If going on the weekend, make a reservation. You're in a big city, and it's a small place.

SAKI RECOMMENDATION: Apple flavored saki carried by the liquor store on 20th and Fairmount is to die for! Your server will warm it up for you, no corking fee. Be sure to hit that place up beforehand no matter what. The waitress who is normally there is simply darling; attentive and considerate. Tip her well, she is there all day, 6 days a week.
Good local consistent sushi place in the neighborhood. Lunch specials are a steal. Always easy to walk right in and grab a table. Friendly Service.

Recommendations 
- Ginger Dressing on the Green Salad
- Gyoza
- Triple Spicy Roll
- Udon 

Pros 
- Quick & Fast Service
- Fresh Fish 
- Affordable Sushi Rolls
-BYOB
-Cash Discount 
- Caviar Delivery Option
The sushi here was really good! It was fresh and good portion sizes. 

My friends and I tried this place and the spot was a little tricky to find, but we found it! When we entered there were no other customers in the restaurant and it was like that the entire time; only a few people in and out for pick up. Our waitress was very nice! The water refills were consistent and the food was presented well and was very fresh! 

I got the Green Jade roll, which consisted of salmon, tuna, and avocado, I believe, wrapped in green tofu skin, and the Halloween roll, which had shrimp tempura and fried pumpkin. Sounds crazy but it was very delicious! My friends got the dinner boxes, which average about $18. It came with a good size salad, soup, california roll, tempura shrimp and vegetables, dumplings (shrimp shumai or fried pork gyoza), AND the entree! The dinner boxes are so worth it! 

If you pay in cash, they give you a 5% discount, which was great because I had cash!

I will definitely be returning :)
I ordered the California roll and it was more like an avacado roll with a MINISCULE amount of crab. I honestly couldn't find crab in a couple of the sushi pieces. The chicken teriyaki was also super average at best. Incredibly bland. Oh and the miso soup? More like "miso" disappointed. I rarely review but this was really not a good meal. With that being said order was correct and prompt.
I decided to order take-out from there.

Pros: Quick service. Sushi has a good amount of fish to rice ratio and tasted fresh.

Cons: I also ordered the Tako Su appetizer. I was expecting an octopus salad, but all I got was four slices of freezer burnt octopus over a little bit of cut cucumber. Lost two stars for that.
We've gotten take out twice during this pandemic. 

We got an order of spider roll, spicy tuna roll, yellow tail roll, and the sushi and sashimi special for two. All of this fed 5. 

We like the rice to fish ratio. It's not too much rice in the sushi or rolls.
One of the BEST sushi places in Philly, they have great combinations of platters, also really fast service, food it's fresh and delicious... totally recommended. & restrooms are always very clean!
Takeout was fresh and delicious. No complaints. Huge pieces of sashimi. Our order was ready when we arrived.
Was craving sushi and decided to try delivery from here.

We ordered the sushi & sashimi for 2, spicy maki combo, and a spider roll. The fish cuts were generously large and the rolls had just the right amount of rice. The spicy maki combo will be a skip for me next time as you can not really differentiate between the fish due to the spicy mayo sauce. The spider roll was still nice and crispy when it arrived to our house and each order came with a large amount of ginger and wasabi. Although the sushi & sashimi for 2 is a bit more expensive than other sushi restaurants in the area this is off set by the extra large fish cuts and 2 additional rolls that are included in the combo.

If I am craving deliver sushi again during the quarantine this will be my go to place.
It's a very solid takeout option. Get the dinner box or lunch box special if you're indecisive and enjoy a little bit of everything. Their sushi/sashimi platters also look delectable.
I've been ordering from Kansai for years now and they are without a doubt, the freshest sushi in Philadelphia. Their sushi is simple and delicious. Their rice is always on point. I used to order from a different sushi place every week to see what the restaurants had to offer and after 30+ places I discovered Kansai and I've never gone back. Not only is their presentation clean, but the delivery is QUICK. Seriously, always within 30-40 minutes. I've gone through their menu throughout the years and nothing is bad. Again, it goes back to their food being simple and delicious. They're not overcomplicated with their food, especially their basic rolls and sushi. I've gotten several friends obsessed with them as well and as my time in Philadelphia comes to an end after all these years I will sorely miss my sushi spot. This was our "last meal" so to speak in our apartment and it's the biggest platter they offer and they even edited it for us (my husband doesn't like sashimi so we asked for California rolls instead) and it was probably the best sushi we've had from them yet. Fantastic. You will not be disappointed.
What a delightful little hidden gem in the heart of Fairmount. 

Two of my friends had been here a number of times, but it was my first time. The three of us had a fantastic and fun meal, sharing rolls, laughs, and a bottle of wine.

The service was fantastic - our server was incredibly friendly, attentive, and had a huge smile on her face the whole time. She put up with us as we took forever to decide on our meal and even humored us when we wanted to take just one piece of sushi home. She was great :)

We ordered a ton of food and shared some and kept some for ourselves, including: edamame, salads, sweet potato roll, spicy tuna roll, salmon avocado roll, yellowtail scallion, and more. Everything was super fresh and light. Even though I myself cleared 3.5 rolls but somehow left feeling satisfied and not bloated.

The BYO aspect is a huge draw, and the prices are very fair for the terrific quality of food and service.
Love this place! The lunch specials are generous and the prices are reasonable. I've been coming here for 5 years and have yet to be disappointed. Also, they never overdo it on the rice, which is a real pet peeve of mine when it comes to ordering rolls.
I love this place for takeout!! Their fish is always so fresh especially their salmon. Some of my fave rolls are the sweet potato, salmon avo and tuna avo. Recommend this to everyone in Fairmount.
Pretty good food, but terrible service. It takes forever to get food, or even a refill on your water. 
I went with a a few friends and ordered some rolls, which were decent. 
The Shrimp tempura - I unfortunately could still see the vein (actually the digestive tract) inside, and it completely ruined that entire roll. I wish they would just de-vein the shrimp!
The Spicy crab roll was delicious. Probably the simplest roll, and one of my favorites. 
The white fish tempura - the better of the two tempura rolls we ordered. 

We ordered a few other rolls. They were presents nicely, but tasted okay. This place is definitely something you go to if you're in the area because its pretty cheap for sushi! But its not worth making a trip down to the Art Museum area for.
ordered sushi here last week through uber eats. the food was soooo good. sushi was fresh & everything was well packaged. my new fav sushi spot in the area! 

my boyfriend and my fav roll was the Beauty & the Beast which was deep fried soft shell crab with cucumber inside and topped with spicy tuna and eel sauce on top. YUM!! 

the other rolls we had were the kansai, rainbow, and yuki roll. all were great! the tempura appetizer was deliciously crunchy as well. looking forward to ordering from this restaurant again!
Wow, great sushi and they deliver! Wifey and I wanted sushi, but didn't want to walk in the cold to get it. I had been driving by Kansai for months since we moved to the area, but never got the opportunity to stop in. They have a well rounded menu of rolls, entrees, dinner boxes and appetizers. the prices are spot on with any other sushi place you'd go. We ordered the gyoza ($6), a Philly roll ($6), and two Godzilla rolls. ($11 each). The Godzilla roll was very good, it was filled with fresh tasting tuna, crab, avocado, deep fried, then covered in roe and spicy mayo. It came with 8 large pieces, very good rool. The Philly roll was done right, they didn't skimp on the fish which is nice. the gyoza were also good, albeit cold by the time they arrived. Next time, I may give one of tghe dinner boxes or an entree a try. Overall, solid spot for japanese/sushi in the area, and bonus they deliver!
At the very beginning of the COVID-19 crisis in Philadelphia, we ordered a sushi platter for two that we picked up from Kansai on an unusually warm Saturday evening -- and it remains one of the best takeout meals we've had over the past 6+ weeks of quarantine.  Our neighborhood sushi go-to is normally Engimono on Fairmount Ave, but we had to find a backup spot now that Engimono is closed until further notice, and Kansai turned out to be a surprisingly good find.  The fish tastes fresh, the platter for two featured a colorful variety of sashimi, sushi, and rolls, and the price was totally fair for the amount of food included in our order.

We made the mistake of trying a different sushi spot for delivery this past weekend (incentivized in large part by no delivery fee + speedy delivery times) and that won't happen again.  At least until Engimono comes back, we'll stick to Kansai for good neighborhood sushi.
Solid sushi in the 'ol hood.  Good miso soup.  Reasonable prices.  Chicken teriyaki isn't great but who would order that crap from any Japanese place, order SUSHI, you weirdos.  Oh wait, I mean my boyfriend is the weirdo.  He has no taste.  Ya know what, 5 stars.  It's good for what it is.
Kansia is still a decent spot but its not as great as it was when I first started going there.  Service is fine, its BYOB which is a plus but sometime I find the rolls not rolled tight enough and they fall apart when trying to eat them.  Prices have gone up a little but is still very reasonable.  If I am in the area I'd stop by but not sure I'd go out of my way to stop by.
