Pastries, pork buns, and bubble tea, oh my!

This Chinatown bakery gets a lot of foot traffic, and it's no wonder. When you walk in, all you can smell are the scents of Chinese cakes and cream tarts. Their hot dog buns are tasty, as are their BBQ pork buns. I'm not the biggest fan of bubble tea, but their mango tea is sweet and does the trick on a hot day. Try their lychee bubble tea, too: it's even more refreshing and quite possibly my new favorite non-alcoholic drink.
KC's Pastries does one thing right: the custard filled pineapple buns. I'll forgive the employee's incompetence at correctly wrapping the buns in the bags. Heck, I'll even forgive the same employee for grabbing the buns on display with her bare hands after forking over the change. Why? Because those custard filled pineapple buns are THAT stinkin' delicious.

End of story.
This is my go-to place when I need a sweet bun fix.

Every time I've been there I've had something great, but the pineapple buns are my favorite. First of all, they're the size of my face. Secondly, they are friggin' awesome! Large and tasty - that's what I'm talkin' about.

It can get a bit frenetic in there and since all the goods are in cases, you'll have to wait for an employee to open them up and scoop stuff out for you. But it's worth it. Once bite of their morsels and you'll find yourself with eyes closed, moaning out loud about how delish whatever it is you're eating is. At least, I did. 

That's not strange, is it?
I like it for obvious reasons. If you don't know what I mean it's okay you don't need to know.
Hank likes it and he gives almost everyone 2 or 3 stars, He gave them 4 stars! http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=nnwBdqGHIAJQ5QX9lHOtrQ
Hank has over 1600 reviews! So out of all of those mostly 2 and 3 star  reviews he gives KC's a 4. We have many pictures for obvious reasons but we are in them so  I am not posting them.
Super yum!!!

There used to be 2 KC's but I think the one on 11th Street has closed.
Thank goodness the 10th Street location still purveys oodles of freshly baked breads, cakes and sugar-y confections.

The fried donuts and buns are so good - and when you get them while they're hot - Oh what a treat.

I vote each election at the nearby Chinatown fire department - so I pass buy KC's on my way to work after I vote.  I always get a croissant (Chinese style) or a sponge cake "cone" wrapped in paper.

It is decadent to munch away on such a treat while riding the SEPTA bus west on Market.

And all for under $1.50!!!!

Sign me up!
For the past 10+ years, my husband and I have been coming here for their scrumptious pastries and cheap bubble teas for breakfast. The bubble teas aren't only cheap at $2.50, their also very tasty, super sweet and their the only bakery that uses crushed ice instead of cubed ice, which we really like. This place carries a large selection of Chinese pastries as well at the lowest prices possible with good tasty flavors.

We usually get the pineapple, roast pork and curry beef buns, egg tarts, coffee Swiss roll and my favorite, sweetheart cake with winter melon paste filling but all the other pastries are also very good. Please be warned again that parking is a pain because it is in the heart of Chinatown so metered spaces are limited. Service is typically good and everything is made fresh daily so your stomach will be satisfied. :p
Hands down my favorite bakery in Philly so far. My favorite ones are the pineapple buns, the custard cream buns, chicken curry buns, and everything with red bean(read bean buns and wife buns(老婆饼)). I'll always make sure I stop by KC's Pastries when I'm in Philly.  

Really decent prices and really tasty/not that sweet pastries here. Sometimes demands are higher than supply, and you can see empty trays in the display cases. Also, min $20 for credit card and hard to locate a parking spot in Chinatown.
So a screw up on my part. The tiramisu & cheesecake, and mousse type cakes aren't in the $1.50 range that I initially stated; I was in there again yesterday, and they're $2.00 - $2.50. A dollar more in cost, but still incredibly amazing. The ladies in there are so nice. That is all.
Yum! Of the bakeries I've tried in Chinatown, this one is my favorite. The buns taste very fresh and soft. They offer all the typical buns you find including roasted pork, custard, pineapple, red bean, etc. They also serve various cakes and egg tarts. My favorite here was the custard bun and the egg tart ( I still want to try the french style tart). I'll definitely be coming back here for more buns.

Each bun is about 80 cents and the slices of cakes are about $2.50.
I like KC's for a quick cone-shaped sponge cake snack (I love peeling the paper off) and a bubble tea. They use cute bubble tea cups with happy fish and crabs printed on them. The fruit they use is seasonal, but they usually have some kind of melon or mango. I haven't enjoyed their other pastries as much as the sponge cake, so that is what I always stick with.

The servers are always nice. It is pretty cheap, but cash only.
Bought the sponge cake and egg tarts. The cake was so fluffy and light my family devoured them. The egg tarts are one of the best I've had in the area. Make sure to bring cash ! The people who work there are so lovely and helpful if you have any questions. 
Also bought the pork rolls but don't think I'll get them again. They were just all right.
Oh man.. mmm.

----------

FOOD: Theyve got crazy good pastries here. When I brought some to work they called them 10,000 calorie pastries. My girl bought me like 3 boxes. i think shes trying to get me fat..

DECOR: Its a small little shop where you walk around picking out items or go to the counter and tell them what you want.

SERVICE: They seemed friendly enough. CASH ONLY, they dont take cards.

----------

WOULD I GO BACK? Darn right! I needs me some awesome pastries and were not talking donuts!
BEST sesame balls. It's no secret that I love sesame balls.... KC's pastries has single-handedly perfected the art of making a mouthwatering buttery gooey sesame ball with the most perfect red bean paste in the creamy center. I visited this bakery every single week for the three years I lived in Philly. I've since moved, but would make the trip in a heartbeat JUST to taste these sesame balls again.
This is the first Asian bakery I've been to and it's still my favorite.  Everything is baked fresh daily. I typically go for the sweet pastries even though I've had the savory.  My favorite will always be the coconut cream bun. The bun is so soft and the cream is a a beautiful, buttery and fluffy filling that's perfectly sweet.  They use this filling is some of their other pastries. My fiance usually goes for the taro bun which has this excellent sugary layer on the outside of the bun that I wish covered the whole thing.  

KC is cash only which falls in line with most places in Chinatown.  Everything is so reasonably priced here I usually never have to take money out.  Even pocket change could cover the cost of one pastry.
Like many other Asian bakeries, KC's Pastries offers both Asian-style, in this case Chinese, and European-style bread and pastries. You can also get boba here. The prices are affordable compared to European-style bakeries like Au Bon Pain, but in Philly Chinatown specifically I know at least one other bakery with slightly cheaper prices. Nevertheless, I'm not going to complain about getting a huge loaf of sliced raisin bread for only $2.50. A slice of European-style cake (two of which were literally labeled "FRENCH PASTRY" to my amusement) goes for less than $3. Sadly, KC's doesn't sell my favorite black forest cake.

After feasting my eyes on all KC's had to offer, I decided to get a cream custard bun, sesame ball, raisin bread mentioned above, and a box of nine pork steamed buns. The pork steamed buns were supposed to last for a week according to the cashier, but I saw they already had mold after only two days. From the one bun that I managed to eat before I had to throw the rest away, the filling tasted pretty bland unfortunately. The bread of the cream custard bun was pretty fluffy, but the filling was too sweet in my opinion. My favorite was the sesame ball, which is red bean paste inside a fried sticky rice ball covered with white sesame seeds.
So after a somewhat early lunch at the nearby Penang restaurant, my friend and I began to have cravings for something sweet while we walked around Chinatown (really, it should be called Asiantown, because unlike other Chinatowns, they've kind of crammed all the countries together, but that's besides the point).

The people are fairly friendly; somewhere between the average waiter from a college town Denny's, and one of those uber-peppy baristas from Starbucks. Anyway, we're talking about pastries on the cheap. The cake thingie that I got (Rainbow... something or other) was if I remember correctly, 75 cents? Certainly no more than $1. I paid with cash; I can't remember if they take anything else. And the portion sizes aren't like those sissy little afterthought desserts that you find in the corner next to the ice-cream machine at a Chinese buffet. There was a wide selection of pastries ranging from the mundane looking buns to the yummy looking tiramisu. Was it delicious? Absolutely. Was it mind-blowingly amazing? Neh. I can't wait to walk by there again on a random day so that I have an excuse to use my loose change on something other than laundry.

I should have gotten a couple more of the cakes the last time I went, but instead I opted to share the pastry with my friend so that we could feel less bad about eating badly, especially after eating a pretty filling meal at Penang (but that review is for another time).

On a side note, this place also has mochi, for all of you who are fans of eating fruit flavored phlegm. I personally like all of my fruit flavored delicacies to not have the consistency of mucus, but to each their own. You can't say that I'm not accommodating of others since I told you where you can get your flavored mucus.
Decided to compare both KC's and saint honor's egg tarts and the winner is saint honor! KC's isn't bad but it's the crust where they lost. It was more like a pie crust rather than a flaky tart crust. The egg custard was okay though, not as sweet as saint honor's.
Pineapple buns and egg tarts are my vice and I knew I had to get a plethora of baked goods to bring home. Everything seemed baked fresh Sunday morning, we were in awe of how huge everything was and how cheap! 
We got so much bread for under 10 bucks. 
We got a couple of pineapple buns, egg tarts, coconut tarts, and fried sesame balls. My boyfriend loves the sesame balls and we were surprised to see them being sold at a bakery because we only saw them at Chinese restaurants. 
Everything was very delicious. The pineapple bun had the perfect pillowy bite with the crumbly top.
I had the egg tart and coconut tart a day later but both were also great. I enjoyed the shortbread kind of crust. 
This definitely won't be my last time here!
When i started hanging out in Chinatown, this was the bakery i frequented a lot.  I always got pork buns, corn buns, almond danish roll thing (lol), and fried dumpling.  I also love their fruit tart & chocolate mousse ! And my dad likes the bubble tea here.

However, I stopped going here because I don't know if it's just me but stuff like the pork bun has gotten really salty for my taste.. but still at under $1 for one, it's still a deal.
Whenever my Mom takes me out for chinese to David's Mai Lai Wah ofcourse she likes to buy pastries. We stopped in KC's tonight. I just finished a delish tiramisu mousse cake. The mousse was delicate and terribly delicious. It was not too sweet not too coffee-flavored. Perfectly flavored!

Our bill for two beautiful cakes topped with a fresh strawberry was 3.25. My mother always asks me why are cakes so cheap in chinatown?
Yum!  We came here to get bubble drinks.  MF got the watermelon and I got the cantaloupe.  They both were great.  Large sizes and reasonably priced.  My office actually gets stuff from here every Tuesday morning.  They have these pork buns that are pretty good and these buns (I don't now what it's called, but its really fluffy with a hint of sweetness).  I am not a fan of pastries and crumpets, but what I did see were egg custards.  i haven't tried them yet, but I'd like to go back.  Regardless, try the fruit bubble freezes!
Your average, everyday Chinese bakery...with a selection of Chinese baked goods for all around a dollar or less, you CAN'T go wrong :)

There is more space in here than some other bakeries, so if you do want to sit down and enjoy your yummy snack, you are able to do so here.
$5 and starving to death? Better run to Chinatown NOW.

KCs has things that I ate growing up in Bangladesh. The beef and chicken buns, well looks more like a pastry and not a bun, is exactly what I crave for most of the times and KCs never fails to satisfy my cravings! I don't know where else in philadelphia will you find things for 1 to 2 bucks each. Unheard of. Everything is so delicious. I also bought a Banana Bread from there one time. It was amazing! 

My recommendations would be to get the Green Tea Bubble tea and the meat buns. I have tried Bubble tea at gazillion places, but they really do it the best! Heaven on earth. I never paid more than $5 at this place. 

Btw, this is more of a get your things and go, don't expect someone to give you all their time and attention.
Overall, I was happy with this place. A pretty good selection of buns and everything I got tasted fresh, including the pineapple bun, pineapple with cream, sponge cake with shredded pork, and pork bun.  The sponge cake was incredible! Super moist and soft, one of the best I've tasted. Everything was about $1 each, which seemed average.
I ordered the Cha shu buns here and really enjoyed them. I did get a little fatty pieces in my buns but they were easy to pick out.
Your one-stop shopping for Chinese sweet and savory pastries in Chinatown.  Large selection of pastries that are barely $1/piece.  Be prepared to go to town to get your fill, and don't forget to bring cash.
They used to be a 4 star in my book. Then they almost worked their way down to a 1 star. Read to see what almost saved & ruined them.

Birthday cake ordering for my boyfriend. I called on a Monday asking for a pick up NEXT Monday for a Hello Kitty Birthday cake (joke cake) with Happy Birthday "insert name" on the cake. The cake was $22.00 which is a little over standard pricing, but that's ok. KC pastries is pretty delicious. 
Plans changed, and I decided I would pick up the cake on Sunday instead of Monday. I called Friday night to verify I can pick it up SUNDAY instead. The lady on the phone said " ok ok no problem you come Sunday". I had an inkling she didn't understand my English. So 5 minutes later i called back and said. " Sorry to bother you again. This is Tiffany. So you understand, that my cake was ordered for MONDAY but i will be there SUNDAY, you are telling me it will 100% be ready for me on SUNDAY at 5:30 pm??"  lady said " yes, ok ok come in". I asked her if she spoke mandarin. She said yes.
So in mandarin I told her the same thing. I said I AM COMING IN SUNDAY NOT MONDAY HAVE THE BIRTHDAY CAKE READY PLEASE. you know where this is going...

I come Sunday at 5:30 as I promised her. Guess what? NO FUCKING CAKE IS READY. This makes me very upset. It's a fucking birthday cake. You know that can't be replaced in time. So they gave me at $20 fruit cake out of the shelf. Wrote " happy birthday insert name". No hello kitty. Nothing. They gave me a $2 credit though... but in my book that's not enough. Because I paid $22.00 for a PROMISED HELLO KITTY BIRTHDAY CAKE WITH NAME. You gave me a fruit cake that was $20 with a 2 dollar credit. NOT EQUAL. That is what makes them 1 star

+ 1 star because I had been frequenting this place for the past SEVEN YEARS. They were my bakery of choice. 7 years ago their egg tarts, sponge cakes were 50 cents. Now, 90cents. Still just as delicious. And for that, I give them + 1 star. Also, because the owner or lady, apologized perfusely because she wasn't there Friday. I know it wasn't her fault. The other lady kept trying to blame her bc it was her handwriting. But she wrote down the ORIGINAL order. Not the order I placed TWICE on friday. FAIL FAIL FAIL never ordering there again.
Stopped in here while walking around and smelled the sweet aroma of baked goods...

I was looking to satisfy my craving for dan ta (egg custard) since I had those a lot when I spent my summer in Shanghai.  They had a bunch here for less than a buck.  We got 2 egg custards, 1 French style egg custard, 1 coconut bun, 1 sesame bun, 1 peanut butter bun, and a mango tapioca shake.

So far out of the pastries, I've only tried 1 of the egg custards and the French style one.  The French style one was pretty good, but nothing to write home about.  The egg custard however was amazing!  Since I had amazing egg custard along the streets of Shanghai a few years ago, I've been search for a good place for egg custard here in the US.  Even in NYC's Chinatown, the egg custard I got was way subpar to this one.  The egg custard here was just FRESH.  I savored every bite into this small custard.  Had I known it was gunna be this good, I woulda cleared out the tray!

As for the mango tapioca shake....wowwww!  This also is exactly like something I got back in Shanghai.  My girlfriend and I had another tapioca shake earlier today and it wasn't bad.  This however blew it out of the water.  This wasn't milk tea however (not sure if they have it); this was more of a icey/smoothie shake with the tapioca pearls.  The mango was sweet, not tart and sour.  The pearls were just right too, not too mushy, not too stiff.

Coconut bun for breakfast tomorrow along with the sesame bun (w/ mystery filling)....

I strongly recommend this place to anyone!

Ahh, I wanna go back now....
Checked out KC's w/JJ for a few fruit bubble freezes.  Portion size, price, and quality easily earn them four-stars.  I mean, 3 bucks for a real fruit smoothie with bubbles. On my next trip, I decided I'd give their pastries a chance too.  There are a ton to choose from, so your bound to find something you like.  I know I managed to come across quite a few reasonably prices, fresh and nice sized pastries to enjoy following one of our meals in Chinatown.

Not much else to say. Its a small shop that I think is family run.  I haven't seen more than 1 person working the counter and it is usually quite busy.  They are friendly, but usually appear to be running around too much to help with suggestions.  Given the prices, my advice is to roll the dice with anything you think looks good... it probably is!
This is my wife's go to place for bubble tea in Chinatown.  We've been going here since we started dating waay back in '07 and it's still standing all these years.  Grab your custard tarts, pork buns, pinneaple buns, etc.  Nothing much has changed, still has the quality pastries that you get a tray, grab what you want and pay at the counter.  

It's just a great, dependable, cheap pastry place.
I like Asian buns and I can not lie. Since I can't deny a freshly baked bun, I often frequent the bakeries of Chinatown. KC's is hands down my favorite place to go. They have a pretty nice selection of buns, but I don't think you can go wrong with your choice. Their base bun is soft with just the right amount of spring with each bite. I personally like any of their pineapple bun variations (plain, red bean, taro, coconut, especially). The sugary topping of the pineapple bun is crispy and flaky. The filling of the buns are very generous, so it can make a hearty breakfast. However, these are usually best the day of. The bread can get a little dry if kept too long. If you like savory, I recently tried the shredded pork roll. This was roll had the perfect combination of sweet and savory. It's quite oily, but totally worth it! I also like their dim sum desserts like the egg tarts and the fried sesame balls. The egg tarts have a shortbread cookie crust under the eggy and soft custard. The crust is crumbly and firm and actually doesn't get soggy overnight! Always wanted to take them home and re-warm them, but I've never had the patience to get that far. I've had the fried sesame balls (freshly out of the fryer, I suppose). These gigantic morsels have a light and crispy shell over a red bean mochi. So good when hot and steamy!

Basically, come in the morning when everything is warm... but they aren't bad later in the day either. Only minor thing is that they, as with almost every place in Chinatown, requires cash.
KC's Pastries reminds me of childhood.  My mom would pick up pastries from KC's and come home with a white box full of pork buns, sponge cakes (chocolate and coffee flavored), coconut custard buns. and lemon curd rolls.  

We used to pick the pastries behind the counter, but now it's more self-service.  You'll find many of the buns in glass bins around the store.  Take a tray and use the tongs to pick what you want, then head to the counter to ask for some additional pastries behind the counter before paying for your goodies.
My go to place to get pastries in Chinatown.  Really enjoy the pineapple buns here. The crust is delicious and flaky. The bun is pretty big too.  Gotta get them early before they sell out for the day!
I work in Old City so this is an easy stop for me.  I sometimes stop by to grab a bunch of pastries for my coworkers.  The prices are shockingly good.  Many items are under a dollar.  The tastes are also shockingly good.  As many have said the pineapple buns are to die for.  

There are many bakeries in Chinatown and I'm sure you could find a specific type of bun that is better at another place.  However overall this this place has a super variety and nice people.
The pastries here are self serve, which is unique to other Chinese bakeries in the area.  I think it allows even the most indecisive (me) customer to take their time without  feeling the burning stares of the people waiting in line. 

The pastries themselves are rightly priced and worth every penny.  They're pastries look more aesthetically pleasing compared to the others that I've seen.  I don't know whether or not this is a testament to their taste because I end up swallowing the whole pastry.  I would say that they are about the same as the others in the area. 

I just like the convenience of serving myself and being able to inspect and smell my food before buying it.
I absolutely love this bakery! I come to this bakery each time I'm in Philly. It located right behind the Chinatown gates, so it's very easy to find.

The pastries here are quite affordable - between $1-$1.50  

My favorite pastries are as follows:
-Snow Mountain Bun 
-Pineapple Bun 
-Almond Twist
So many bakeries in Chinatown, all with similar offerings...Choose KC's!

This is the one that I prefer out of the many other ones with flashy lights and signs. They just have a simple red awning with their name. The pastries here are light and fluffy and the bread itself has the best amount of subtle sweet flavor. 

This place also has my favorite bubble milk tea in all of Chinatown, even out of the bubble tea houses. I love that they put crushed ice in your cup, which actually comes up when you drink through the jumbo straw. Crushed ice goes a long way on a hot day.
I got a tiramisu cake ( a little pricey for Chinatown at $20) for my dad's birthday but the mousse went rancid and acidic after 1 day in the refrigerator.  Yes, it was good, but the mousse could have been creamier and I don't think it's in any 3-member household's best interest to polish off an entire cake in 1 day in order to prevent it from going bad, unless, of course, the members wanted simultaneous heart attacks.  Maybe we just got the cake on an off day?  I want to give it 2.5 stars but I'll round up to 3, because they have been decent in the past.
For some reason, I prefer this KC to the one on 11th, but I don't really remember why.  Same simple bubble teas & same vast array of mysterious pastries that I'm too scared to try without the guidance of a veteran.  Hooray for cheap sweets!
Good place for pastries! We got the taro bun to take back home and it was so delicious. The bun had ample taro filling that was a natural purple taro color. The bread was soft and chewy. The center had a slightly salty(?) taste as well; I know it sounds weird but it combined well with the rest of the bun. 

This place is cash only so just keep that in mind. I would highly recommend this shop for all your buns/pastries needs. These buns don't disappoint!!
KC's might be the most prominent bakery in Philly Chinatown.  With an excellent spot, wide variety of goods, and clean storefront, they do seem to attract a lot of people.

While they're not my favorite bakery in Philly Chinatown, I can't help but to give them five stars for the following reasons:

Firstly, their wide variety of goods are very tasty.  I've probably in my three or four times here bought at least a third to a half of everything they have sold.  The main thing I have not tried there is their bubble tea, but there are better places for such things since you're already in Chinatown.

Secondly, they're cheap.  I'm not sure what it is, but Philly Chinatown has probably the cheapest and best tasting Chinese baked goods on the East Coast that I've ever had.  I"ve been to multiple Chinatowns, including Little Taipei and NYC, and this neighborhood is definitely superior to both of them.  KC's is no exception.

KC's is just a solid bakery that stands out pretty prominently on the street it's on.  I'd also recommend you go check out some of the other ones, but definitely don't pass this one up!
My favorite bakery in Chinatown, and I've been to every one. 

One thing I like about this bakery is that you can have your own set of tongs, parchment paper, and tray then select what you want and package it yourself, instead of relying on someone. What's nice is that the messier pastries are already wrapped, so you just pop them on your tray and you can be on your merry way.

The staff's nice, and if you get to know someone there, you can always expect a nice little banter.
Their smoothies are DELICIOUS, a personal favorite of mine is the mango flavored one, blended to the right consistency.
And my favorite pastry has got to be their eggtart. Creme brulee much?
Something else I really like is their raisin bun, too.
the only thing i Love ordering in here are their bubble tea.
My fave flavor is watermelon and lychee.
fast service as well!! although it's always busy!!!!
Pastries & Sweets aren't my forte, I don't understand them, nor do I appreciate them as opposed to my wife. Majority of the time, I generally push them away with a shriek and fold my arms in protest. 

However, KC's pastries is definitely a change in my view. So while I'm still never going to crave this place, and clamor for it. I will also not say no either. Their tea milk is amazing, where most places tend to stuff their drink with a ton of ice, KC is able to keep it cool without any ICE. Amazing, and I feel like I can suck without worry of  a rogue piece of ice wreaking havoc in my mouth and throat. Their Egg Tart is sweet, but doesn't leave you with a heavy aftertaste, and weighed down stomach. 

The place is fast, clean, and friendly. High recommended for any Asian sweet lovers.
This review is ONLY for the bubble tea.  It was very good, not the absolute best, but a good close competition.  The tea was on the sweeter side for these things (yeah!!!! in my opinion).  It seemed like it was made from real tea and was very milky.  Yum!  Great bubble tea!
I like the milk tea there the best and the best custard bun in chinatown. Gotta be careful though, make sure you get them when they are fresh.

So in my dozens of visits there I got ONE smile from the lady that takes my order and I like to play a little game with myself and try to be super nice and make her smile again. It never works. (Yes I have tried tipping and that didn't work either)
One of the many bakeries in Chinatown, this offers a quick, sweet bubble tea, and many pastries. Come after 2p, though, and they're typically out of the hot steamed buns of many sorts (other than the vegetarian ones) and you'll be looking for egg tarts elsewhere.

They also make custom cakes (which are much less sweet than the average American cake), too, usually topped with glazed fruit. 

Cash only.  A couple small tables, but I'd expect to dine and dash here.
I came here a good number of time when I was staying here in Philly in the summer. I don't know what''s special about this pastry, but because I came so many times with my family, this deserves a good review. I love their service here because the ladies at the counter are very attentive and will listen to what you're saying.

I always come in here for their drinks. I've had the mango slush boba and it's pretty good. There's a very strong mango taste and you'll get what you paid for. I have also tried the coffee and the green milk tea as well. All of which were very very good. I highly recommend that you guys try the drinks here!

The baos.. I haven't tried that many times :( but I would say that their taro baos are very good. They're really warm and soft.. and was a great snack/breakfast meal for a ride up to NYC!

Although this bakery might be one of the 9832402384 in the Chinatown, I think what puts this one aside and above all is their good drinks that come with the pastries sold :)
Egg tarts were delicious - especially when they are hot out of the oven! They make them fresh throughout the day so hopefully you'll be lucky enough to get them warm

As for their savory buns...I would stick to the sweet buns.
This place has the best egg tarts with the buttery pie crust instead of the usually flake crust all other bakeries have. And they are self serve which is a plus. The down side to this place is the staff. Terrible terrible cashier that are super duper rude. Never ever breaks a smile even when your smiling. That's why they only deserve a 3 star.
I've had almost everything here. The pastries, cake, bread, and bubble tea. It's all great! I've tried almost every other bakery in Chinatown but I think KC's is the best overall.
And for my landmark 100th review, I give you: KC's Pastries, a hidden gem in China Town tucked just behind the arch. KC's is a small, square space ringed in delicious pastries of all kinds. Grab a tray, put a sheet of wax paper on top, and then take a pair of metal tongs and use them to select your pastries in a sanitary way. 

If you need a cheap, quick bite in China Town, KC's is great. The hot dogs nestled in sweet buns really steal the show, and are excellent when paired with bubble tea. They have a variety of flavors, and I can personally recommend the strawberry, lychee, and cantaloupe.
Bakery with nice atmosphere and wide range of selection! Staff however is rude and unfriendly. Snickering and laughing at customers when we do not understand them. I tried ordering a birthday cake and they wanted to charge me $55 for a 10" cake. I said no and wanted something else and went with the $35 cake. The two ladies behind the counter just stood there hovering over me as I look in the catalog and started laughing and clearing talking about me. I let this go, but  the next time I picked it up the same two ladies are there smirking at me. 

Anyways - again, good selection of food but rude staff.
I haven't been to that many Asian bakeries in Philadelphia Chinatown, but KC's Pastries is one of my favorite bakeries. Like any other bakeries in Chinatown, it has the most common pastries, such as Hot Dog Bun, Egg Custard, Coconut Bun, Croissant, Pork Bun, and etc. However, this is one of the decent ones, where both the prices are cheap and the staff is pretty friendly. Besides the quality and variety (bread, pastries, cakes, sweets), KC's Pastries doesn't have anything that really distinguish itself from others. 

Still KC's Pastries is one of the better ones in Chinatown.
I love the crust of their egg custard tarts and they have one of the most amazing cocktail buns ive ever tasted
Not overly fancy pastries, but very humble prices, which is what makes this my go to Chinatown pastry shop.  Ordering process can be a little awkward to new patrons.  Grab a tray, some wax paper to line it, and tongs, and help yourself.  Replace your tongs and wait in line to hand your tray to the staff person (they have small cakes behind the case you have to ask for help for, but I usually stick to the buns and tarts that are self serve).  If you know the drill, it's a great quick pastry stop.
This Chinese bakery has a lot of variety, but I wasn't too impressed with the coconut pastries.  I tried the coconut bun, coconut roll and coconut tart - they were just okay for me, as I found the coconut filling not that sweet compared to other Chinese coconut pastries I have had from several other bakeries (perhaps I have an extra sweet tooth?).

I was disappointed that they did not have fresh fruit smoothies with lychee coconut jelly.  I think for a place that carries bubble tea and a variety of items, it would be good to make fresh fruit smoothies, too!

Oh well, still on a quest to find a place with really good fresh fruit smoothie with lychee coconut jelly and coconut pastries in Philly...
This shop is my guilty pleasure when I am downtown. They have amazing sweet pastries of various flavors (custard, red bean, pineapple, almond) and also some with chicken, beef, etc. They are usually all under a dollar. They also have bubble tea. 
Only catch is they sometimes sell out of certain flavors by afternoon.
One of the things I enjoy doing while in Chinatown is visiting different bakeries in the area. Most bakeries in Chinatown offer the same things: boba (bubble tea), smoothies, small, medium and large buns and cakes, and bottled/boxed drinks. One of my favorites, though, is KC's Pastries on 10th St. by the gate. My friends and I usually come here to get a couple of buns to snack on in between classes (when we were in college) or just to have for later.

They have a nice serve-yourself atmosphere for the variety of buns they sell. Each bun is between $.70 and $.90 (prices have gone up since the last time I was there), which is fairly decent compared to the prices you would pay at an American bakery. For the people who love sweet, this may not be the bakery for you. Chinese pastries and cakes tend to not be overly sweet like American-made pastries and cakes. However, the tastes of the Chinese pastries and cakes are still satisfying and just sweet enough to not give you a tooth- or stomachache.

Some of their bun selections include pineapple bun (bun with a coating of pineapple-flavored crumble), snow mountain bun (bun with a baked-in white top, semi-sweet), meat buns, cream buns, bean buns, ham and cheese buns, and hot dog bun (think pigs in a blanket, but rather than a blanket, it's inside of a pillow).

On the side, when you first walk in to this small bakery is a help-yourself soft drink cooler filled with an assortment of Asian-inspired and "regular" American drinks. I love that they sell juice boxes with amazing flavors like chrysanthemum tea and lychee. The prices of the drinks vary, with the juice boxes being the cheapest at $.90 each. (Again, these prices went up.)

For someone more adventurous, there's the selection of bubble tea. From what I remember, they have about five flavors: taro, green tea, coffee, watermelon, and...mango? They might even have honeydew. Don't quote me on that, but they are quick with turnaround after you order one, so you won't have to wait long. Unfortunately, I think unless you have a really big order, they are strictly cash-only.

Regardless of what negative things happen (price increase, shortage of delicious buns), this will still be my favorite bakery in town. :)
I've lived in Chinatown for over 5 years and this bakery has been my consistent favorite. You can't beat the freshly baked pineapple bread (only $0.90!!) and sponge cake. I've tried the pineapple bread from most bakeries in Chinatown and in my opinion, KC's is the best. Stop in for a quick treat! You won't regret it.
When I think Chinese, I never think dessert.  Until now.  The sweet buns I've gotten here are so delicious and the taste of the bread is similer to danish.  I really enjoy the cocktail bun which has a sweet filling of what I'm assuming is a coconut / pineapple mix as well as the pineapple bun which is all bread with a sweet crumb topping.  Everything in here is super inexpensive, I paid $3.00 for 4 buns.   

This place is also very big on self service.  The buns are all in bins and you take a tray and tongs and grab what you want and the cashier will bag them for you.   The only thing is the staff here never smiles or says hi.  So the first time I wasn't sure if I was following procedure and had to watch other customers to figure how how it works.  

They also sell more traditional looking cakes and pasteries but I come here for the buns all the way.  

Pretty sure its cash only.
After Dim Sum lunch, we explored much of Chinatown in search of a bakery that looked like they had fresh pastries. While I was taking pictures of the archway, my honey surprised us with three egg tarts and his favorite sesame balls!!! I loved the sesame balls, but the egg tarts crust was not flakey like what I'm usually familiar with.

I highly recommend this place! Its clean and pastries are fresh!
OMG.. love this place! I love Asian bakeries in general and I'm so in love with this one. 

You get anything from pineapple bun to egg tart to swiss rolls to char siu bao. Everything is so darn cheap. We are talking about $1 or 90 cents.. maybe a little more for fancier cakes. Holy cats. It's a total heaven for someone like me from the Midwest where it's lacking Asian bakeries. 

They also sell bubble tea and regular milk tea. I had the hot milk tea and it was soo good for the cold weather! My friend had the bubble tea and she said the tea is strong which she liked but the bubbles were little mush.
What KC's Pastries lacks in variety, it makes up for in environment. There isn't much variety to its pastries, such as lotus cakes and stuff, but it's perfectly all right.

This has to be THE cleanest, and most well organized bakery in Chinatown. I think looks has to do with much of how one receives an establishment, and KC's pastries has it nailed. It is not cramped, the walls not littered with faded posters and hand-written advertisements. When you walk in, to your right is a self-serve station - tongs hanging, a platter, and wax sheets. On the left and right walls are displays and shelves of pastries, each organized into their own section. This leaves much room in the middle to walk around, and is very conducive for crowds. Unlike other bakeries, there IS room to walk around and browse the pastries without competing with someone. 

The pastries, I've only tried 1: the pineapple bun with coconut filling. It was pretty good - above average. Sweet and the crust not too flaky. Haven't tried anything else, but I'm definitely coming back!
I literally hadn't been to KC's in 10 years but I visited this summer and it still felt so familiar. I used to be a regular at KC's because the buns cannot be beat. The pastries are always so fresh and well priced. You can get breakfast (or lunch or dinner) with a delicious bubble tea all for $5!
I didn't really like the bun, so they should've gotten a lower rating.

BUT, their boba drinks were surprisingly decent. My sister got a watermelon slush and my uncle got a strawberry one. Both were better than expected and even the boba was pretty okay.

It was definitely a pleasant surprise.
Here is the thing about this place if you love sweet pastries, this is not your place, Chinese pastries aren't  sweet, but they have great flavor and texture.  Personally I love the cream and custard buns and my husband loves the croissants and the red bean paste cookies. The cakes in the front counter, look better than they taste, they were disappointing because they lacked any flavor. I did not like the bubble teas, some had nice flavor, but bubble tea just wasn't enjoyable for us, perhaps it was the texture. The girls at the counter aren't the most pleasant, but the buns are really good so we keep returning.
MILK TEA REVIEW ONLY:

So I don't know if you all know this already, but I LOVE milk tea and I'm pretty much on a little quest for the best HK-style milk tea in Philly.  Zhong Gang is still #1 with Mong Kok following closely at #2 at the moment.

Decided to try KC's milk tea after enjoying some of its pastries (yummm) on the first visit.  Milk tea came in the usual boba cups with the sealed tops and big straws.  Sealed is good so it won't spill, but it tends to be difficult to get to the very last sip. The first sip was pretty good and refreshing UNTIL it left me with an unpleasant dry aftertaste the rest of the drink.  As I kept drinking, my mouth got more disgustingly dry and thirsty.  C'est mal.  I think the cream or tea they use didn't suit my taste.  I was super jealous of my boyfriend who had my beloved Zhong Gang milk tea as I was on my HK-style milk tea journey.  Le sigh.

Expensive compared to other milk teas ($2) and made me an unhappy milk tea lover.  Not like it's that big of a deal to them, but I will not get milk tea here anymore.  Will strictly stick to the pastries from now on.
Definitely one of the worst pastries I've gone to in Chinatown . I got the bbq pork bun , creme brulee custard , and a sponge cake . All tasted bland . I've had better elsewhere . My boyfriend got the fried pork dumplings , bbq pork bun , and a ham and cheese bun . He said it all tasted bland . To top that off , after given our total we handed the lady the money and she literally threw the change back at my boyfriend . Very nice lady that's why you deserve a 40 cents tip back in your tip jar . Never ever returning back .
My wife and I recently went on a crazy tour of four different Chinatown bakeries to figure out which place had the best pineapple buns.

The clear winner is KC's Pastries.  It blows other bakeries out of the water when it comes to pineapple buns (which don't actually have pineapple inside them - they just call them that because of the stuff on top of the bread).  The bread has a nice sweetness and great soft, chewy texture.  The fillings (we had red bean and custard) also are terrific.

The only downside is that they're often sold out of breads in the afternoon, so you're left with a limited selection if you get there too late.
Pineapple buns are delicious! And so are the egg tarts. Definitely inexpensive but expected in good ol Chinatown. When we are in a city that has a Chinatown, we always have to stop by! Win!
I love baked goods.  I love asian food.  Now that I have eaten here I can die a happy woman.
Good pastries, bad service! I was impressed by the prices at this place. $2.50 for a slice of cake! I'll take it. My fiancee got the Sesame Roll and I got the Corn and Cheese Bread and the Red Bean Cake. The Sesame Roll and the Corn and Cheese Bread are must haves here. The Red Bean Cake, however, was not very tasty. I've had better elsewhere, and would not order it here again!
Service here is terrible, first while I was looking in the cold case, I was not asked if I wanted anything. This didn't bother me so much cause I wasn't sure what I wanted. I did get bothered, however, when we were ready to check out, and I had to wait for five minutes. Even after I flagged down a worker to assist me, she flew by me three times to put new pastries out. THEN she had the audacity to take other customer a head of me even though I had been waiting longer. If it wasn't for the nice man who said something, I'd probably still be waiting.
5/5 for taste and quick service

The location is small and they've scaled down to just move all the pastries up to the front of the store. They now take credit card, but prefer cash only. They have a variety of breakfast/lunch pastries such as egg tarts, pork floss buns, hot dog buns, vanilla cream buns, taro/red-bean buns, sponge cakes and more. 

They're quick, the breads are mostly $1-2 in price. They are delicious, filling and individually wrapped for you.

Tips/Takeaways:
-Definitely highly recommend 
-I come here weekly for breakfast and lunch foods, no regrets!
MY FAVORITE SPOT EVER. Best sesame balls I've had in Philadelphia. I come here at least once a week and stock up for the rest of the week.
I've been here once and never again! We stopped by and bought a rolled pastry to come home and found MOLD IN THEM! Granted we didn't eat them that day but we put it in the fridge to eat the next day and when we opened the package, there was green fuzzy mold growing on them already...No wonder the store is always empty when we pass by...
Best pastry place in Chinatown if you ask me. Probably have been coming here for about four years. They really upgraded their business. 
You grab a tray, wax paper, some tongs and go for it. They have a wide selection- usually more things in the morning but there's still the favorites in the afternoon. And they keep the fresh pastries coming. 
Everything is $1 and it's cash only! They also have a bakery in the back where you can get whole cakes, pies, and tiramisu.
They haven't offered as much of a selection since COVID, but this bakery is still one of the better ones in Chinatown. 

They have a really good roast port bun, but their egg tarts are too sweet and not flakey, imo. 

I also suggest their loaf breads- the raisin is my favorite!
Came here to escape the newly cold days - there's no seating and they have a minimum for card, just FYI! 

We got the pineapple bun and an egg tart. The pineapple bun was disappointing - the crust was good but the bun felt too big, and as a result, too dry for me. The tart had a great flaky crust but the custard was too sweet and I found the egg flavor lacking. 

I will say it is good pricing for the pastries though and perhaps we just needed to try some of the other pastries.
First of all, the smell coming from this place is what drew me in. It smelled like pastries cooked to perfection. When you walk in there is a small table to order at and the pastries are individually wrapped and ready to go. 
I had:
BBQ pork bun: 
5/5 
It was so warm with the perfect meat to bread ratio. The bread was also incredibly soft. 
Coconut Cream Bun:
5/5
Light and fluffy, cream inside tasted like real butter. I felt like there was a little to much bread for how much cream there is, but the flavors are definitely there.
