I popped into Kei for lunch yesterday and it was solid. Everyone working was super nice and I loved that our server was on top of refilling water glasses through the entire meal. 

To start, I had the yellowtail and jalapeño. I was expecting thin slivers of fish like I've had in other restaurants, but I received a small plate with two very large slices of fish. In all honesty, I would have preferred smaller slivers because these were a huge pieces of fish that were difficult to eat in one bite. I typically like this starter a lot but might not order it again at Kei for that reason. My dining partner had shrimp shumai which looked really tasty. 

The lunch special comes with two rolls and soup or salad. I opted for soup which was nice but the salad across from me looked delicious - Kei went above and beyond a simple bowl of iceberg and offered what appeared to be a beautiful starter salad. 

The avocado tuna and crunchy spicy tuna rolls I ordered were massive! Two was more than enough after the soup and yellowtail starter. Next time, I'll skip the starter and go straight to the lunch special. I'll definitely return for lunch, hopefully soon!
This is a definitely hidden gem in the Rittenhouse area.  You would just walk by if you didn't know about it.

TL;DR: Fresh sushi at a cozy and clean place you wouldn't even notice.

Miso soup: Very tasty with a lot of tofu chunks.  Definitely not watery like some other places

Yakitori: The chicken is very juicy, not dry or burned.  Perfect with the teriyaki sauce.

Kei Sashimi: Good variety and very fresh.  Not sure why they have a cooked shrimp in, but I don't mind.  I would absolutely order that again once I've tried other items.
It's great that there's been more sushi options in the area, and the staff here are really nice...but Kei serves pretty average sushi. The rolls were decent, but the sashimi wasn't particularly fresh.

Like most standard sushi places in Philly, Kei is not run by actual Japanese. This is very obvious if you try their appetizers. Their braised eggplant and spicy tofu and mushrooms are similar to the sweet garlic sauce dishes you find at takeout Chinese restaurants.
Soooo good. Inventive sushi rolls and high quality ingredients. Even our dining companion who doesn't love sushi liked this place. My favorite was the Nihon roll, with the United roll coming in a close (sweet) second place. My husband preferred the Kei 2 roll, which were the three we ordered, so really no one could complain. And the desserts were great too! Strong recommendation for a cute go-to sushi spot where you don't need recommendations, at least on the early side of a Saturday night.
Lovely sushi, nice atmosphere (especially the wooden-carved ship and bridge!), and polite and attentive staff: we welcome Kei to the neighborhood!

Beautifully presented sushi with abundant and fresh fish, and subtle flavors and textures. Especially enjoyed the Kei 2 and Fiery Dragon rolls. The Fantastic and the Spider rolls were great, too.

Pork gyoza is steamed, and quite delicate: filling was terrific.

Tempura vegetables were nicely cooked (not over or under) and batter generally crispy.

Overall, happy to have tasty sushi so nearby!
This is a nice cozy neighborhood byo sushi spot. My and I came here for dinner on a Saturday. We made reservations for two. It was right next to Pumpkin on South Street. It is a tiny spot with about 15 tables (and some counter seats), so expect NYC style seating. The tables are very close to one another. We were literally 3-4 inches from the next table (practically a table for four with two randos). But one you get used to that, and their conversation becomes white noise, it's a really cool dining experience with great service and delicious fresh sushi. 

The server brought us water and opened our bottle of wine immediately. She also took our order within minutes, which was nice. For appetizers, we ordered the spicy edamame and fried oysters, both from their specials menu. We also ordered the following rolls: Kei 2, Sahara, Rainbow, Spicy Tuna, Spicy Salmon, and Eel Avocado. Because of the number of rolls, they were served on a boat. I'm a sucker for sushi boats! Who doesn't like to eat off of a little wooden boat? More things should be served on a little wooden boat. Food for thought. 

The appetizers were tasty. The spicy sauce on the edamame was awesome. All edamame should be served like that! The fried oysters were essentially fine panko breaded fried dough balls stuffed with lightly cooked oysters. It was a unique texture and flavor. It had a thick outer shell with a gooey center. It was served over the sauce similar to the one served on an eel roll. It was good, but probably wouldn't order it again.  

The rolls were delicious. My favorite was the Sahara. The scallops were the winner. Very tasty. All the rolls were a good size and reasonably priced. We were super stuffed after dinner. The service was great. We will definitely be back.
Great addition to South Street. Staff was very attentive. Fairly extensive sushi menu, and the fish tasted very fresh. Byob. Will definitely be back.
While driving around, I found one new Japanese restaurant around South Street area. First time step in really give me deep impression. The decoration, the sushi and kitchen food, their service are really great. I love their Kei Special Shumay appetizer. Lobster Special Roll, Yasai Dragon, Kei 1 and Kei 2, Nabeyaki Udon and Salmon teriyaki are also really amazing. As for the dessert, their Coffee Pudding is the best. FYI, this place is also BYOB  which is suit me well. Absolutely will come back again
Great local sushi place! Ambience is clean and cozy. BYOB is a huge plus as well! I went on a Sunday night around 7:30 pm, and it was busy but not packed. My friend and I shared everything. We got the Nasuyaki eggplant appetizer, the lobster special roll, and the fantastic roll, which were all delicious! The nasuyaki was probably the highlight for me - very flavorful and for only $5.50 you got a large portion size! The presentation of the sushis on a sushiboat was also beautiful. Both the rolls we got were great, though I will say a little on the pricier side for the size of the rolls. Overall, a satisfying meal, and I will definitely be back!
A friend I met here for dinner last night (a Friday). We were sat right away. The staff is very friendly, the fish was very fresh and the rolls were big for the city (which is awesome)! The place was clean and the prices were as expected for being in the city. I would definitely recommend and I will be back for another visit.

Btw, I am a huge sushi fan and very picky! I get sushi at least once a week and I am always skeptical about new places. I'd say this place worked out very well!
We were having an intense sushi craving tonight and my friend recommended her favorite neighborhood place - Kei Sushi. Checked out the menu online, it looked great, so we ordered over the phone. Payment was taken over the phone as well, so we didn't have to worry about paying once we got there. We were quoted 15-20min. and it was ready in just the right amount of time! Due to COVID-19, the restaurant was only doing take-out orders. They had the restaurant blocked off except a table in the front where you could hand sanitize, sign your check, and grab your food. Very sanitary! Loved their concern for customers and maintaining a safe/clean environment. The staff were chatty and thanked me up and down for coming in. Got home, dug into our food, and WOW - unbelievable. I may even say the best sushi I have had in the city, no joke. We started off with the spicy edamame, seaweed salad, Kei special shrimp shumai, United roll and Nihon roll. Everything was fresh and delicious. The flavor combinations were spot on and we crushed it all before I could snap a pic. $60 total including a 20% tip (support your local businesses during this crazy difficult time!) so not bad at all for a nice dinner for two. Loved everything about Kei and will definitely be back. Thank you!
Went to this restaurant as I was visiting Philadelphia for the night with a friend of mine who has a health condition that requires a service dog.  When we got to the restaurant, it was 1030 and they were open until 11...they said kitchen was open and as soon as my friend walked over with her service dog...they said sorry, we can't let you in because of the dog.  I showed him the service dog credentials and they said it don't matter, no service animals....I then proceeded to try and video tape him saying service animals ARE NOT ALLOWED.....but he then said I could come in but kitchen is closed....these people are not friendly to people with disabilities and I'm going to file a report against them for this horrible display of prejudice toward the handicapped.  DO NOT GO HERE ANYMORE AS THESE PEOPLE DO NOT WELCOME HANDICAP PATRONS!
Popped in here for a quick lunch before the super bowl parade! The staff was friendly and efficient. The lunch specials have a killer selection and were a great value. I will definitely be making this my new sushi spot. Chirashi bowl was piled high with fresh, delicious fish for $15. The bento box was a flavorful variety with a large enough portion to be 2 meals for $13.
I discovered this place accidentally during the pandemic and I'm so happy I did. My usual place was closed and this was close to my house. We had takeout (not sure if they're open yet for in-person dining) but the food was ready at the stated time and the sushi was so fresh! I will definitely be ordering again soon!
Had takeout during Covid tome and it was great.  Glad they were open for take out, had eaten in before but now finding good sushi is a challenged.  Kei (honor) passed with flying colors. BC
Kei was underwhelming. Though flavorful, the specialty rolls cost over $15 and are miniature. You can get specialty rolls double the size across the street at Nori. 

The octopus dumplings were not dumplings at all. They were little balls with a mashed potato like texture surrounding one small chunk of octopus.

I had the worst mochi of my life here. Until now, I didn't even realize your could mess mochi up. The outside texture was so far off- it was crumbly instead of sticky. Hard to describe but disgusting to consume. 

The service was no better. They couldn't accommodate the spicy sauce on the side for the edamame and instead tried to get us to buy two orders of it- one spicy and one non. They knew we were in a hurry but took their sweet time taking our order.
Came to Kei Sushi on a holiday weekend looking to try a new sushi spot on a night nice enough to walk out of our neighborhood. I was pleasantly surprised to find this newly opened South Street restaurant churning out sushi fresher than most places in Rittenhouse. The tuna was a fresh as can be with great fish to rice ratio. Huge chunks of avocado in each roll. Even tried the chicken tempura roll and it was delicious! The chicken was cooked perfectly and the ponzu sauce was the perfect consistency. 

Service was decent. They did forget our gyoza but they took if off our bill and apologized so there's no harm no foul. Will definitely be back!
Great new neighborhood sushi spot. Very reasonable prices and good service. Gotta love the byob.
Takoyaki are crispy

Nihon and Fantastic are good. Not too much rice around sushi

Chirashi rice is so good. Huge portion

Friendly service
Good music
This place is relatively new to the neighborhood and close to where I live so I decided to try it. We had the chicken teriyaki and a few sushi rolls. Unfortunately the chicken teriyaki was just average and the sushi quality was not great...you know how want to sink you teeth into a bite of smooth sashimi? Theirs was a bit chewy. The service was very nice. Overall i would try somewhere new before returning here!
Came for quick lunch with my sister.. she got an entire sashimi platter with soup/salad choice. Tasted great! Wasn't the super early morning freshest, however, great enough for a good lunch! Great variety on her dish! Even had octopus which I loved. I had two simple rolls and they were perfect. Very filling. Total bill including tip was only $24! I love it here. Quick and friendly service with delicious food. Definitely try it out!
Great food, nice atmosfere and ambiance, also excellent service! Definitely gonna be my favorite place in philly! Four thumbs up for you guys!
Best sushi ever...I try lobster special roll & kei 1 both of them so delish... will definitely come back
This place has friendly service, and delicious sushi, all for a reasonable price. Very happy this place is close by. Keep it going, Kei!
Kei is a lovely little sushi spot on South Street that is byob. The service is so nice and the sushi is good. Nothing that blew my mind but I left very happy and full. 

The restaurant itself is very small, fitting maybe 25 (guess) at tables and four or so at the bar. I recommend a reservation during more popular times or groups larger than two. 

They accept credit cards which is a nice convenience though I believe they will only split up to two cards. 

Would definitely return to this spot for dinner.
BEST. Authentic Japanese-run sushi place. They actually have sweet shrimp in the lunch special chirashi. No gross fake "imitation" crab to be found. Everything is super fresh and super legit. Really nice salmon, yellowtail, and tuna. I was SO PLEASED.

If you are looking for random americanized rolls here like crunchy-creamy-crunch-spicy-mayonnaise-cream rolls (which are tasty too, just not real sushi) go elsewhere. If you've been to Japan and love real sushi and are looking for REAL SUSHI. This is it!!! The real deal!!!
Wow what an amazing night I had here. BYOB, great. Fresh fish, even better. We sat at the sushi bar and watched the magic happen. The fish here is so FRESH i love it! I hate hate hate all the other BYOB places in the city right now; when I ask for a spicy salmon roll they almost make a pre-made spicy salmon salad of mushed fish and what not in my roll. GROSS! I want fresh cut salmon freshly rolled on my plate and that's exactly what I got here. I will definitely be back here again.
I absolutely love sushi, yet it took me years to finally try Kei. I really don't know why I've ignored this place for so long, but it was obviously a huge mistake. Kei is a BYO sushi restaurant that serves high quality sushi rolls at a good price, along with great, friendly service. 

I came with 2 other people and we ordered a sashimi boat, which came out with a plethora of various fish. That may have been enough for some people, but my group actually ordered several other specialty and regular tuna/salmon rolls. The whole thing came on a miniature boat, which is always a nice touch! I forget what we each paid, but I remember being pretty satisfied with the price. 

I love that it's a BYO as it helps keep the price down and allows you to order an extra roll or two.
love this little sushi BYOB near my house! The sushi is delicious, the service is fast, and the prices are reasonable (made even more so by the BYOB factor). I've been here a couple times, but most recently I got the Samurai roll which is probably my favorite I've had.

The restaurant is fairly small, so id recommend calling ahead especially if you're a group of more than 2. Also it's a very casual place, no need to dress up!

I've never sat at it, but there's a little sushi counter you can sit at if you like watching them make the food!
Shout out during this covid take out time- the sushi was fresh and delicious. Thank you for your attention in your take out orders  kei sushi! We will be back!
Pretty solid average sushi/sashimi place. I suggest getting the takoyaki as an appetizer. You won't be displeased. 

Although very small, it gives a warm feeling. I wouldn't suggest having parties more than 4 and bringing kids here since all the tables are very tight. 

The service was nice and efficient. Had 0 issues. A plus is that it's a BYOB!
Description: This place is a hidden gem in Philly with unexpectedly fresh fish.
 
Service: Great. They are super kind and quick to attend.

Atmosphere: Small, cozy, and clean. Great for dates.

Items Tasted:
- Kei Shashimi: Good variety and fresh
- Nabeyaki Udon: The broth was rich. It doesn't come in the pot with the lid, but it's still pretty good. Presentation doesn't take away from the taste.
- Bake Lobster Roll: This was AMAZING. 
- Jumbo Shrimp Tempura: Simple; just two shrimp tempuras wrapped into a roll, but tasted great.
so glad this sushi restaurant opened up! I had dinner here for the first time recently. I was able to walk in on a Thursday night with no trouble getting a table around 7 pm. However, as the night progressed it got crowded! 

Byob. Sushi was extremely fresh and delicious. They had some inventive rolls. Brown rice as an option for the rolls. 

Overall great place! I highly recommend it.
We were first brought to Kei ~1 year ago by some close friends and it has since become our go to staple for Sushi in Philly. Its location at 17th and South make it a decent walk from the most high volume public transit routes, but it is certainly worth the trip. 

Classic cozy sushi restaurant with seating for maybe 20 people inside. We try to sit at the sushi bar whenever possible. We've never had a bad roll, but we have definitely honed in on a few favorites:

Sakura - a slight splurge at ~$13 per roll, but the multiple cuts of fresh fish make it absolutely worth it, NEARLY A MUST HAVE. 
South 1 and South 2 - these rolls are an absolute bargain. Located on the "simple roll" side, these rolls aren't as complex as the intricate "special rolls" but pack just as much of a punch

The staff couldn't be more pleasant and attentive. The service is prompt and dinner can easily be had in 30-45 minutes if they aren't swamped.

BONUS: its a BYO, and there is a wine shop within walking distance if you don't mind a nice 7 block stroll West.

All in all. Kei is second to none when it comes to Sushi in Philadelphia. Strongly recommend.
We just finished our meal and I had to write a review in support of our New South Street Neighbor. Walked in and greeted immediately. The place is small maybe 30-40 seats max. Decor is Clean & Simple. 
We had Oshinko Salad it was Clean, Light and Delicious. Pork Gyoza was very fresh and the filling was gingerly sumptuous. Sushi Regular reminded me of the days when I used to Chef. Fresh fish on small mounds of sushi rice very nicely proportioned. Unagi Roll was prepared inside out with a not too sweet eel sauce. We will definitely be back. We Wish them much success.
I was really excited to see that a BYO sushi place was opening up in my neighborhood and was even more excited when I discovered that the sushi is phenomenal! This place is great for both take out (no delivery yet!) and sit down. 

The restaurant itself is on the smaller side (maybe 10-15 tables) and does get packed on weekend evenings. The atmosphere is pleasant and much more conducive to a nice night out then Vics (with equally great food!). I find the prices to be very reasonable given quality of the sushi. 

I have tried a variety of the rolls on the menu and they have all been exceptionally fresh and tasty. They do not have a 3 roll special (except for weekday lunch), but that's okay because the rolls are very large so 2 rolls is plenty. 

This is my new go-to sushi spot in philly!
Friendly and quick service is what you'll get at this cute little BYOB on South St. The miso soup and pork dumplings were delish! However, the sushi was forgettable. We tried a variety of rolls and nothing really stood out as exceptional. The spicy tuna was not very spicy, which was disappointing. 

Overall, the flavors were lacking at Kei sushi.
tl;dr - great staff, BYOB, vegan-friendly options, excellent quality ingredients, fresh fish (the best salmon I've had in Philly!!)...all for an excellent price. Inexpensive but classy, 100% recommend! Officially my new go-to sushi spot!

STAFF/VENUE:
This little BYOB sushi restaurant on South St is small, but fits a surprising number of people. The light inside isn't too dark or too blue (like Fat Salmon), which I always appreciate.  The staff was EXCELLENT - we were seated immediately, they offered to chill the white wine we brought, and they were prompt in taking our orders without being pushy. One of the sushi chefs served us complimentary seared salmon nigiri while we enjoyed our appetizers - I'd like to think it was because he was moved by how in love we are haha.

MENU: Large variety of appetizers, specialty rolls, basic rolls, and warm dishes (rice-based or noodle-based). 

APPETIZERS:
-Tempura: pretty standard, but enjoyable. Came with a lovely variety of shrimp, eggplant, carrot, sweet potato, broccoli, and green beans - most places don't offer so many different veggies!
-Gyoza (veggie): we ordered the steamed ones, but I wish we'd gone for fried because it was a bit soggy from the steaming process. But the filling inside was light but tasty, not bland. The vegetables were very fresh, you can tell they were hand-made on the premises and not pre-made/packaged.
-Seared Salmon Nigiri: so grateful for the complimentary dish, THANK YOU KEI!!! Salmon was tender, thinly-cut, with just the right amount of sear. Loved the little caviar egg and parsley topping, added a fresh element!

ROLLS:
-Yasai Dragon: my first VEGAN sushi roll! I was a bit nervous to order it, but the description on the menu sounded great...and it did NOT disappoint! This was probably my favorite roll of the night. So unique!! The mango and fruity sauce give it a sweet edge (not overly sweet), but it's balanced by the cooling, milder flavors of the avocado, cucumber, and carrot.
-Nihon Roll: I love raw tuna and unagi, so I just had to go for this roll! It's basically a standard unagi roll (eel, avocado in rice) with a slice of tuna + some caviar on top. The quality of the tuna was top notch! You can tell the fish is very fresh and prepared well.
-Alaska Roll: my favorite basic roll - salmon and avocado in rice. I was SO IMPRESSED by the raw salmon in this roll! It was so tender and fresh, I think the thicker white stripes gave it a smoother texture.

Hands down will be coming here again. I've been loyal to Bleu Sushi for a long time, but Kei Sushi definitely blows Bleu out of the water! The quality of the raw fish and their prices are just unbeatable.
One of the better average sushi restaurants in the area. I came on a Monday night and there were about six other tables occupied. Service was quick and the staff members were friendly. I ordered the spicy tuna crunch roll (8 pieces) and the spider roll (6 pieces). I really liked that the crunch was placed next to the spicy tuna inside the roll. My soft shell crab was fried well and had a nice crisp. My partner ordered takoyaki as an app, which was interesting bec they drizzled wasabi aioli on top. He also ordered a sushi platter which included 8 different pieces of fish and an 8 piece roll. My partner said that each sushi piece had too much rice therefore he cut off half the rice in each piece. He said each piece had a big slices of fish. Everything tasted fresh. Our meal came out to $49.
I was expecting a lot more from this restaurant because of the prior reviews. It was all just so mediocre. The service was great but the food was not that fresh or tasty. Their rolls crumbled easily and the textures of some of their rolls were just bizarre. Maybe I am just a traditionalist but it was a disappointing experience.
Kei was a great spot for sushi.  We didn't try the other foods they offer, but I knew they would use these awesome boats/bridges to hold their sushi, so I was excited to see this come out when I ordered my sushi. 

The sushi boat we got did not disappoint, and it was huge! We ordered the sashimi and sushi special, the Kei 1, Kei 2, and the Flyers roll.  It was a good amount of food, but all of it was delicious. I loved the Flyers roll because it was fried, so I'd highly suggest that one!
My two older kids and I were able to grab the lunch special and got Miso soup and two rolls. We got South #2 which was super tasty and the Tuna avocado and were sighing between every bite! So tasty, and a great quick share between all 3 of us. Very pleased.
We went on a rainy Wednesday night and the place was pretty full, which we took as a good sign. The restaurant is small but nicely decorated and clean. I ordered spicy edamame, salmon sashimi, tuna sashimi, and crunchy spicy tuna roll. The spicy edamame was very good and very soft with just the right amount of spice. My boyfriend ordered an Alaskan roll and a sweet potato roll. He said the sweet potato roll was done particularly well. The fish was soft and flavorful. Our only complaint is that my boyfriend never had his water refilled and had to ask twice for water. The prices here are great - we paid $20 each (that's including tip). Overall, the sushi was very good, but there was nothing *WOW* about it - it didn't really go above and beyond. We would eat here again but wouldn't go out of our way to do so.
We were told they now offer lunch special on weekends!

Quality is amazing for the price you pay, especially the sushi rice. it was chewy, smooth and sticky.

Bento was a surprise. HUGE portion with high-quality dim sum on the side. 

Definitely a go-to BYOB sushi place in the neighborhood.
Nom nom nom. The chicken teriyaki sauce here is sooooo good. It's the MVP. Attentive service. Sushi is okay. Noodles are yummy.
First off, having a good sushi restaurant so close to where I live is wonderful! This restaurant is quite small, maybe 6 tables, but it doesn't feel cramped. The waitstaff were friendly and considerate as I waited for my friend to arrive. We both ordered two simple sushi rolls that were priced between $4-7 each which I thought was a very acceptable price. The sushi tasted fresh and delicious! Definitely will be back.
Visiting my friends in philadelphia and brought in one japanese restaurant in the neighbourhood.. friendly and great service, homely and warm ambiance, also excellent food.. i order a few special rolls, but i LOVE the lobster special roll the most!!!
Also I got miso chilean seabass for the appetizer, and its also taste amazing!!! will definitely comeback here when visiting this town!
This place is a very very welcomed addition to the neighborhood! Wonderful, high quality sushi with friendly staff! We went for our first time tonight with friends and Mila and the the sushi chefs were phenomenal with our order and customer service ensuring we knew exactly what we had and that we ordered the perfect amount. We will definitely be back and this is absolutely our neighborhood sushi place! Thank you!!
Amazing sushi! We love this cozy little restaurant. The staff is also friendly and welcoming, we have been here a few times and all great experiences! My favorite is the salmon don over sushi rice, fish is very fresh. Their rice is also amazing. BYOB! Would highly recommend this place.
A small,  fresh sushi restaurant that had the whole family taking four days. We asked for recommendations and the pork gyoza were fabulous, with a delicate skin and deliciously tender filling. The sushi was creative and fresh. The fantastic roll was my favorite! We also enjoyed the ocean su, Phillies and fire dragon. Service was excellent. I recommend reservations. All tables had reserved signs on them - for good reason!
This is our go to sushi place both for dine in and take out. The food is fresh and the restaurant is clean and comfortable. All the staff are friendly even when they are busy. Highly recommend.
Tried many different regular and special rolls as well as miso soup. All were great, decently priced, and BYOB. All around great.
This place was a surprise gem that we found on south street even though street parking was pain on a thursday night. We were seated quickly at the sushi bar when greeted. I love the blue neon light that shines on your legs as you are seated at the sushi bar. The servers and sushi chef was so nice and attentive asking us how's our day. We order the following speciality rolls: Nihon, United, Yonsai Dragon and Yasai sampler. The sushi chef warned us that the Yonsai sampler was "huge" and we told her that we were hungry haha. Our sushi rolls came in boats instead of plates which shows the amount of creativity and attention placed on the art of making sushi. I was moved by the freshness when I placed a bite of sushi in my mouth. The fish (tuna, salmon, eel, and yellowtail) melted into my taste buds. The yasai looked colorful (you can see your ingredients) and you taste all the vegetables when you chew. Great to hang out for date night.
I had a taste for sushi was not sure exactly what I wanted but decided on the Teriyaki Salmon on the lunch special. It was delicious and I will definitely eat there again in the near future! 5
Portion and taste of the sushi was great. However, shortly after our meal, my stomach started to hurt. I didn't think anything of it. Next day, my friend's stomach started to hurt and she ended up getting food poisoning. The taste of sushi was great but not worth the upset stomach.
Kei sushi is a great little addition to the south street restaurant scene. It is a higher end sushi joint than places like Vics and you will find some more interesting pieces of fish and rolls.

The service is great and the staff are very attentive.

I would have liked to see the miso soup or salad come with the sushi entrees like it does at most sushi places but this did not take away from the experience.

Will definitely be back. Also byob!
Disappointing.  The sashimi entree is not truly sashimi unless you order, and pay more for, the "kosher" sashimi.  I specifically requested no shrimp or octopus.  It came with the octopus which was replaced with imitation crab.  I was told it was authentic on sashimi plates, but I can say I've ordered many a sashimi entree and never seen imitation crab or herring in vinegar on my plate.  My friend ordered Chirashi that also should be served with raw fish and was served with shrimp and octopus.  Would love to see them succeed because it is great for the neighborhood, but can't say I will return for cooked sashimi.
I had the Oshingko Salad.  One of the best salads I've tasted.  The blend of flavors and textures were interesting, well balanced, and the salad was filling.  A must try for those on a salad stretch.
Service is amazing!!! Food is spectacular!! First it was raining/pouring out and the Uber let us off here and we found out they were closed but the still let us in and served us cause they understood the circumstances, which was so that it was almost flooding out! I asked for no sesame seeds and I appreciate that they had a concern and asked to see if I was allergic to sesame! We would've had pics but we were so hungry!
A much needed addition to the graduate hospital area, nothing beats having a solid local sushi joint within walking distance of your house.  Kei sushi is clean but is not the most ideal for large parties as the place seats about 20 people total at one time.  This is your standard sushi joint menu with their interpretation of special rolls, we went with their rainbow roll and it was delicious.  They have a decent fish to rice balance and service was actually really quick even though it was packed so that was a pleasant surprise.  Overall, if the prices came down a little bit (closer to VIc's range) I would be here way more regularly, but am still glad that this is a great option when I don't want to travel far to fill my sushi craving.
Love this place! Fresh fish and yummy good size sushi. Fair prices and attentive service. 
My favorite thing is Chirashi bowl. It is my way to check if restaurant uses fresh fish.
I came there 5 times already:)
A great addition to the neighborhood. The staff was so polite to everyone who walked in. I was in a hurry and stopped in for lunch. I had 2 rolls - the California roll and kampyo both tasted very fresh. I also had the miso soup which was delicious and perfect for a cold day. I wish I had more time so I could try different things on the menu. Though I am not worried, since I live so close I know  I will be back !
Just got done eating here and I feel AMAZING!!! I came by myself, but didn't feel weird about it once I arrived. From the moment I walked in, the waitstaff greeted me with warm, beautiful smiles, kept my water glass full and made me feel at home. You definitely can tell the sushi chefs love what they do because it translates into the food they carefully prepare. For $20 I got a miso soup, seaweed salad and 2 regular hand rolls (yellowtail and eel - delicious). Now that I know this is a BYOB, I would definitely call this the perfect go-to spot for a first date. I will definitely return and wish them many years of good fortune.
A welcome addition to the neighborhood. The sushi is well portioned, tender and delicious. The "sushi regular" has eight different kinds of fish, unlike the doubles of tuna and salmon you get at other places. Gyoza was excellent. The wrappers were almost translucent and looked home-made. Oshinko salad is my new favorite--crunchy and tangy. The place is cute and the staff is friendly. Oh yeah, and good prices. My wife and I left full for under $40. My new goto place.
This is our famIly favorite spot. The staff is super accommodating, kind, and friendly which makes coming with two young kids tolerable. My kids LOVE it here, especially when their sushi arrives on a special boat! The menu also includes a lot of delicious vegetarian sushi options for kids & adults. Cannot recommend this more!
Amazing value! $9 lunch special includes 2 sushi rolls and a soup or salad. But don't be fooled into thinking that isn't enough food because the rolls are large - thick and cut into 8 pieces. Ordered three lunch specials to share with a friend because we were starving and we could not finish at all. Fish was also fresh and generous and rice was warm and well-seasoned. Service was also incredibly gracious with non-stop green tea refills and a smiley, pleasant server. Recommend this spot for a casual, well priced sushi meal.
We just had the best meal at Kei. The owner gave us tea and a delicious bite with ama ebi and little rice crunchies. I had the tofu and mushroom appetizer which is a keeper. I think I need to eat this every day. Eric had the chirashi which was huge and filled with well cut, glistening fresh fish. I had uni, tobiko, a hamachi negi hand roll and they added shiso leaf for me. I also had the yasai roll with mango and a soybean wrapper. Then, they gave us this gossamer coffee jelly with vanilla ice-cream for dessert that was incredible. They'll be delivering on grub hub starting next week. You should go. We'll be returning.
Truly fantastic sushi. Kind servers and reasonable prices. Limited seating so best to get there early. I can't say enough kind words about this establishment. Do yourself a favor.
I really liked this restaurant.  It's quaint inside, but the sushi is awesome.  I had 3 of their regular rolls and they were so fresh.  Also tried a bunch of their appetizers, but the stand out was their shumai.  It was deep fried with a wasabi sauce on top, which was unique and delicious, but the filling inside was flavorful too.  Make sure you try the sesame ice cream for dessert- what a pleasant surprise.  It's BYOB too, which is always an added bonus.  I look forward to going here again soon!
Went in to try out the new sushi place in the neighborhood. Wow. Blown away. I've been back since, everything I've had has been perfect. So fresh. Uni, Toro, spicy scallop hand roll, yellow tail sashimi. The spicy tuna roll is not the standard chopped tuna swamped in sauce, it's nice pieces of tuna with just a hint of sauce as it should be. The only miss for me were the special dumplings, but if you are into fried, you will like them. I'm actually in an uber headed there right now. Prices are extremely reasonable as well.
A really great BYOB sushi spot on South Street. It's small and cozy - definitely make a ressy...honestly, I should have to stop saying this, ALWAYS make a ressy no matter what. But, the food here is so good and fresh! They have a big selection and everything I have had was very tasty. Everything is also so reasonably priced. You get a bang for your buck.

The service was amazing, as well. They were very attentive and friendly which I appreciate.

An overall amazing experience. I wish I lived closer, but I will make the trip to come back because it was just that good.
So good! Great neighborhood place and amazing sushi! We got a massive boat of sushi for 4 of us and it was only $80. All of the rolls were delicious! Also it's byo! Definitely will be back
Obsessed with every order we place. Really miss eating here pre-covid but the takeout has been really great quality.
I ordered the Chirashi lunch bowl with a side salad. I like that there are lunch specials even on Saturdays. Considering how much fish they give for $18, it was a good deal. The fish is high quality and the sushi rice was seasoned well. Right now they are doing pick up only and no dine in options. I would recommend calling in ahead of time during lunch to reduce your waiting time. Otherwise it was really nice that they allowed us to sit inside to wait while our order was getting prepared. I thought that service was pretty fast considering how many incoming orders they had and that the staff was very polite and friendly.
Super friendly staff. We ordered takeout on a Saturday and saw that they have a lunch special. Yes, even on the weekend! $15 for 15 pieces of sashimi or chirashi is a great price! We got a Fantastic roll, Philadelphia roll, the 2 regular rolls lunch special (spicy tuna and south 1), chirashi lunch, and seaweed salad. The 2 regular rolls and chirashi lunch specials came with your choice of soup or salad. 

There was plenty of fish in all the rolls and in the chirashi bowl. They didn't cut small pieces for the chirashi just because it was a special. The Philadelphia roll included masago so that is a nice addition. Most of the rolls included crunchy flakes, which is great if you love crunchy flakes but may be a con if you don't. The food we ordered was just for my husband and me, but the amount we got could have easily fed 3 people (incidentally, the staff probably thought the food was for 3 people based on the number of chopsticks they gave us).

Docking one star because my husband found a small bone in one of his sushi pieces, BUT despite that, we would still try Kei sushi again!
