WARNING: DO NOT EAT HERE IF YOU DON'T LIKE GOOD FOOD.

Kilimandjaro is my new favourite place.  I want to eat there every day, every meal.  Never had Senegalese food before, but if this is what it's like, I love it.

DO NOT COME HERE & ORDER THE YASSA FISH unless you want a delish dish!  A whole grilled fish, with a hearty sauce piled on top, made of onion-garlic-lemon-pepper-mustard-carrot, according to the menu.  The fish is still moist, but crispy on the outside.  Savoury and scrumptious and very very satisfying. 

Dibi Lamb is good -- it's grilled lamb with sort of an onion salsa on top.  Tasty.  Lots of lamb.

Poulet (Chicken) Senegal is a crispy fried half chicken, with an onion-based sauce, similar to Yassa, but different.  The dark meat is juicier than the white meat.

Homemade Ginger juice is sweet & very gingery, with a nice kick.  yum!

Service is charming and friendly.  It's quietly attentive, not in-your-face.  One person in particular seemed to anticipate our every need.

YOU SHOULD NOT GO TO KILIMANDJARO unless you want large portions of delicious food at great prices, great service.  Please don't go there and fill up all the seats!  I can't wait until the next time I'm back.
The food here is delicious and the service is also great as well.

We came to Kilimanjaro as a group and decided to share the entrees so that we can sample a variety of the items. I tried their red snapper fish, dibi chicken, crevette- sauteed shrimp, fried plaintains, red rice and green beans. All of the items were uniquely flavorful. My fav was the red snapper fish. The dishes all had a spicy kick to it and the meat dishes had an onion mixture which took the dishes to another level of goodness! 

I also had their mango ginger juice which probably speed up the healing process of my sinus infection lol. Boy that drink was strong, gingery and spicy.

Overall eating at Kilimanjaro's was definitely an explosion of flavors and I look forward to returning.
I really wanted to love this place but my experience here was very so-so. The most frustrating part was being repeatedly told that whatever we had wanted to try was out for the day - this was before dinner hours, too! Why even have a menu? After a few futile attempts, we finally gave up and just asked what was actually still available. Ended up with a chicken dish and a lamb dish. To be fair, they both tasted fine but were nothing spectacular and just not what we'd wanted. 

I'm still looking forward to returning for the other dishes, but probably won't try again for dinner.
First encounter with non-Ethiopian African food = great success.

Since moving to West Philly, I had been dying to try Le Bercail or Kilimandjaro and see what this type of food had to offer. Ended up trying Kilimandjaro first thanks to easy parking and ginger juice.

As promised by Yelp reviews, the ginger juice is essentially pureed ginger and water. And by that, I mean it is essentially crack for people like me who LOVE ginger. So good.

I tried the Yassa fish, which is an entire tilapia 'sauteed' (pretty sure it's pan-fried based on how crispy the outside gets) topped with delicious caramelized onions. While it is a bit of an adventure to debone this bad boy, the tender and flavorful meat of the fish is worth working for. This is undoubtedly one of the best fish preparations I've ever eaten.

My mom tried the dibi lamb chops, which were surprisingly juicy without being fatty, but I can't say I'd order anything but the Yassa fish after this experience.

Gonna get to Le Bercail soon and see how their food compares, but Kilimandjaro definitely knocked this one out of the park. Get there!
Talk about disappointment. 
I guess I should start with the fact that my family is west african so when we saw the menu items we were familiar with most and knew what they were supposed to taste like.

To start, the service is s l o w. The ladies working the floor were very friendly but took forever to come by whether it was to take our orders, check on us, being drinks...OMG 

We finally got our food which looked and smelled delicious... And then we ate it and nothing happened. It was not bad... It just wasn't good. It just was. The only thing we all enjoyed was the ginger juice.

The restaurant is very small and very popular which has lead to extremely tight quarters. Moving around the restaurant is a bit cumbersome.

My mother told me she had actually been to the restaurant a few years back and the food was phenomenal. She said it had new owners hence why the food did not live up to the reviews. 

Obviously, I won't be returning but if you decide to go bring cash, they don't accept cards.
Kilimandjaro strikes again!

We hosted a guest this weekend from California and we took them here [as we do all friends/guests now] and the food was just knock-out good! Portions are huge but above all the food is just GOOD!

Gracious staff makes it worth while too.
I don't know what they put in those onions, but it's amazing.  This little BYOB is making some terrific food.
We started with an order of plantains, and when I looked at it, I was worried that they weren't caramelized enough.  I shouldn't have been.  The sweetness of the plantain mixed with the spice on the onions perfectly.  I could have eaten plates of this.

My dinner date ordered the Yassa Shrimp which also had some spice to it.  It was sauteed with onions, garlic, habanero, and a bunch of other stuff.  Great taste, she also reported enjoying it.

I had the lamb shank.  Served with the same onion that came with the plantains and some red (brown?) rice.  The lamb was excellently cooked, pulled off the bone cleanly, and was paired with the spiced onions to make a terrific dish.  The red rice had am earthly taste that I enjoyed, better than a lot of fried rice that I've had.  

The service was terrific.  I could not believe when the server brought out my lamb and told me that the shank was too small, so they were going to bring me out a second one (the lamb didn't look small to me).  I have never had that happen ever before, I am very impressed with the level of customer service.  

Private lot for parking, always a plus.  A liquor store right next door.  Go grab a bottle and have a delicious dinner.
This meal was the highlight of my trip to Philly. 

I can't speak for everything on their menu, but I highly highly highly recommend the marinated and grilled tilapia.  For $12 during dinner, you can a whole tilapia and a generous portion of whatever side you want.  The tilapia was cooked perfectly with some caramelization on the skin, and the steamed vegetables as well as the plantains had the right amount of bite to them.  Absolutely delicious.

I wish we knew it was BYOB before we came.  Can this place get any better?  Sweet staff, cozy place, amazing food, happy food baby.
So I was very excited to try this place out as it came highly recommended by a friend. I tried to order several items on the menu which I was told were not available.... I kind of had a blank stare because it was around 5 p.m in the afternoon and I began to wonder what the dinner service would look like..... 

After being unsuccessful at picking items directly off the menu I started to use Pictures from Yelp to point out what I wanted to try.... Turns out they didn't have it. I ended up settling on a chicken dish with brown fried rice apparently they did not have the red rice...

I found the food to be rather salty! While I liked the flavor of the rice it was too salty to enjoy. The chicken was a little on the tough side and tasted as though it had been pre-made. The portion size was also off as it was not even the side of a quarter chicken. The meal was not balanced as there were bit no vegetables, a slice of tomato and a slice of cucumber. Also I would have appreciated some gravy.

Well the question is, will I return? I think not. I would not drive from New York City for this, I would rather opt for a local option. I really had wanted to try the red rice but alas something are not meant to be. Also I didn't like that they only had tilapia fish.

A shout out to the lady who took the order, she was very patient and helpful as I navigated through a menu which did not reflect what was truly available. She is the reason for two stars instead of one.
Our meal was incredible. We both commented that the flavors were unlike anything we have had before. Truly phenomenal. I enjoyed the lassa fish and my fiance enjoyed the Senegal chicken. We are self-proclaimed "foodies" and my fiance said this was one of the best meals he's ever had. The fish and chicken were both cooked perfectly, and the flavors were just spot-on. The plaintains were delicious. The ginger juice was also really interesting - I'm glad I tried it, and I'm also glad we shared a glass because I couldn't drink that much of it. Definitely give it a try when (not if) you go.
I love this palace since the first time I ate there I have been wanting the Dibi chicken every week now, I love the onion sauce all on top of my dish now, I always ask for extra never loved the taste of onions so much it has a tangy but sweet flavor to it, I always recommend this dish to everyone.

and the Jolof (Pronounced) rice has a spicy taste to it with very little mixed  vegetables, and my preferred drink is the ginger juice, My husband has ordered fish from there and liked it but when he ordered the Dibi chicken he's never ordered anything else after that 

Over all its a very small restaurant and the negative is they do not have high chairs for children so definitely keep that in mind, if they have a crowd your best bet is to order out.

Prices varies depending on what your ordering, and they do not take credit cards another reminder (CASH ONLY)
Tucked away right outside the Penn campus,, Kilimandjaro is a place to get yummy, filling Senegalese food. I'd never tried it before so I came with a friend who frequented the place and was very pleased I.

I ordered the poisson (tilapia) which is grilled or fried, and following our servers recommendation got it grilled. It came out as a whopping whole fish topped with a delicious slightly spicy and tangy chopped onion sauce (ok that might sound a bit nasty but it makes the dish, trust me!). For being grilled it was still really crispy on the outside with the meat still juicy, and such a great deal at only $12! Every entree comes with one large side so I got the Senegal fried rice, which was pretty good, not flavorful enough to be a main dish but a nice complement to the fish.

My friend's poulet Senegal (Senegalese chicken) was a giant portion of well spiced, tender chicken topped with a fantastic caramelized onion sauce (honestly it was even better than the chicken!). I don't like fried plantains but objectively they looked good and crispy. 

While the menu is small and there are distinct lunch or dinner only options, the food is unique and filling.   Just a head up though, I'm pretty sure it's cash only and service was quite slow.
I had been hearing about a nice African restaurant in West Philly, and I finally made it there to give it a try. Kilimanjaro restaurant is located in West Philly in the University area.  
 Killamanjaro is located in a strip mall with free parking,  however the lot was full and I had to park around the corner.  Even though I parked down the street and around the corner, immediately upon leaving my car I could smell the unmistakable spices of African food! On my way to the restaurant, I went into what the army calls a quick step.
 The aroma was intensified inside and I sat down in a quaint little dining room with high hopes. The server was a very nice young lady who brought me the menu. After looking over the menu it became clear to me that this was food from the country of Senegal, which is puzzling to me because Kilimanjaro is in East Africa.
 I had already tried many of the items before at other spots,  and one dish called Yassa Philly caught my eye. First I want to tell you that I never order anything that seems out of place and not authentic on a menu. To me its like ordering a Philly cheesesteak in Cheyenne Wyoming- You are rolling the dice!
 However I did not listen to that voice, and I sure wish I would've! 
 I ordered the Yassa Philly with beef, the presentation of the dish was beautiful. The plating of the meal was excellent, the rice, the vegetables and the Beef smothered in a spicy savory Yassa sauce. The rice was unmistakably African and the vegetables were cooked to perfection. But when I try to taste the beef, I couldn't cut it even with a steak knife. The cut of beef was so tough, with so much tended and gristle, my American teeth were no match for it.
 Just about then the server walked over to my table and asked how the food was. I told her that the beef is very very tough, she just nodded and walked away.  I really wanted to like this place, but how can you ignore a complaint like that and walk away? 
 Even though the beef came out caveman style, I would like to give it another try and stick to my old conventional criteria for ordering food.
Awesome, awesome restaurant. A friend of mine brought us here last weekend after raving about her experiences, and now I can't wait to return. The restaurant is pretty tiny with maybe a maximum of 8-10 tables throughout, so get there early if you can, The fried plantains are a must, so flavorful and the onions provide a unique texture and flavor. The menu is pretty simple: chicken, lamb, fish. The chicken was enough to last me 2 meals, but the fried rice didn't make it home with me. As a warning: the service is pretty slow, but you're on African time. As long as you bring a bottle of wine and enjoy the company you're with, you won't mind!
Kilimandjaro delivers great Senegalese food consistently.  I try and come here once a week and usually have the Peanut Butter Sauce, Rice and a glass of cold Sorrel to drink.  
If the food wasn't well worth the trip to 43rd and Chestnut then perhaps the homely feel of this place made possible by the staff should be enough to trek here even in the cold depth of winter.  For someone new to this city it is a most welcomed compliment to a great meal.

I also recommend the flavorful grilled fish, and the Ginger Juice (sweet).

The television is almost always on in the evenings and I appreciate it most when it's looping Senegalese music videos with artist in traditional Senegalese attire.  Other times it's tuned to a station displaying International football.  

I have come here with parties of 4 and have been comfortable.  I have also witnessed parties of 12 on a Saturday be accommodated by combining tables.  I have come here alone as well and have had fun staring at people on their dates or families trying Senegalese food for the first time.

The Artwork and colors on the wall provide a warm feel to the place and the customers range from White, Asian, African American, to African.

They do not take credit or debit, but the have 3 ATM's on the same block as the restaurant.  The one in the fast food Chinese take out has the lowest Service Fee.  GKE
This is my first time eating at an African restaurant, and the flavors of the incredibly cheap meal I got really blew me away. I should note that this was lunch, so dinner may be pricier (and the menu looked very different). 

+ Chicken and rice dish - $9 -  combination of seasonings and caramelized onions were the dominant flavors and were an incredible complement to the perfectly cooked bone-on chicken and bed of short grain rice. Savory, a tad bit of sweet from the onions, and the scent wafting from the restaurant pretty much said it all. I would really like to know how they achieved that level of flavor and how the onions were cooked, because that really made the dish. 

+ Ginger and mango juice - Also incredible. Probably one of the most ginger-y drinks I've had.

For me, the $9 entree alone was enough for 2 meals. Definitely worth the walk from university area, and I will be back to try their other dishes (including the fish I've read so much about).

Cash only!
I think that the saying "don't judge a book by it's cover" would apply to this establishment. On the outside, Kilimandjaro doesn't offer much for a grand impression, with an unpretentious sign that marks its location next to the giant liquor store. However, as soon as you step in, you'll find a small but truly charming cozy interior with African furnishing (including background music videos) and comfortable seating. 

We weren't too familiar with the menu, but we ordered a tilapia and a chicken. They both came with sides, so we asked for steamed vegetables and cous cous. The food took some time to come out, but while we were waiting, we got the ginger juice, which was amazing! It has a really strong unique flavor of tangy/spicy/sweet that I'm not sure if everyone else would appreciate as much as I did, but I would still recommend giving it a try, especially if your throat is sore because it can feel like a remedy. 

When the food came out, we were amazed at how the entire tilapia was on the plate - the ENTIRE thing with head and whatnot. Similarly, a full half of a chicken came out, in addition to the large sides of steamed veggies and cous cous (which make for great combinations). Everything we had was phenomenal - succulent and flavorful! Not to mention, the portion sizes were very generous - definitely great bang for the buck!

To top it off, the hostess/waitress was very friendly and approachable, applauding us at the end of the meal for being able to finish the large quantities food. Overall, 'twas a surprising delight and I'm looking forward to coming again!
First can you say amazing? No you can't because the food is in your mouth and feel like this is heaven I've finally made it. The seasoning is on point or pot much not to little. It's juicy and rarest and all a round great. The fiber drink has now become my favorite and I'll be on a search in Cali for it. Its not too sweet and not too spicy. The couscous reminds me of achake (hope o spelled it right) but I think I like this better. Oh and don't get me started on the prices! They're seriously the best I've seen for African food. 

Seriously though the food is THE BEST African food over tasted. This is going to become a staple when I come back to Philly definitely glad I came here during my little trip from Cali. If you're in Philly or just visiting go to this place!!!
This is my favorite place to eat hands down. I live in New York but I can travel 2 hours to get to Philly just for this. If there is one place I recommend for the best food it is this one. I wish I can give it more stars. The best tasting food I ever had is here.

The ginger yaye is like no other. I have never had anything so refreshing and with so much gingery flavor to it. The Yassa chicken was phenomenal and the fish I had is probably what I will always get for the rest of my life.

Very very delicious food.
First time trying Senegalese food, and I *would* try this again.

We ordered the Poisson (tilapia) and Poulet Senegal (chicken) with sides of couscous and steamed vegetables. Would've opted for a side of Fried Plaintains but they were sadly out. 

The portion sizes are incredibly generous -- the Poisson was an entire fish, head and all,   and the Poulet Senegal was half of a slightly overcooked chicken. The sides themselves were the size of an entree at any other restaurant. Everything was impeccably seasoned, my favorite being the caramelized onions that accompanied the Poulet and the couscous. The food should be paired with something blander (e.g. rice) to balance out all the flavor, but certainly not a bad problem to have.

Important thing to note: pay in cash!
If you're craving food that is a little different, but still delicious, look no further. Kilimandjaro Restaurant serves homemade, African food in generous portions at very reasonable prices. 

The restaurant is pretty cozy, and its ambiance is a step above your Chinese take out place, but perhaps a little below your normal sit-down restaurant. However, the seats and booths are comfortable, and there is some colorful scattered African decor. Having read so much about the poisson (fish, $14), I knew that I had to try it. I ordered the poulet senegal (Senegalese chicken, $13) and my dining partner ordered the grilled poisson (tilapia), which we shared. The poulet senegal was nice and juicy and smothered with savory, sweet onions. The poisson was charred and grilled to perfection. Like the chicken, the fish was also served covered in onions, however these onions were cooked in a different style, and were zesty and spicy, almost like a slaw. The two distinct dishes and their different styles of preparation really balanced each other out. As another reviewer commented, the fried rice that accompanied the protein could have been more flavorful. However, it may be that the grain is traditionally served that way. The rice and the proteins complemented each other well. Next time though, I may opt for the plaintains (yum).

A few caveats about the restaurant: it's cash only and service is pretty slow. After taking your food and drink orders, you probably won't be seeing much of the waitress/hostess again. However, the waitress/hostess is hospitable, if not attentive. Come prepared to have a nice long conversation with your dining partner while waiting for your food. You'll certainly leave happy and with a full stomach, if that's what you're after.
Amazing food! I love their food! 
Crappy people! Service is terrible!  
I been going their for almost 6-7 years. They stop excepting card after a while. However, they don't tell customer that it's "cash only". They just say that their card machine is broken. It's been broken for 5 years.
I was in Philly to visit a friend. He, having been to Philly a bunch of times, was always raving about this place since the one Senegalese restaurant I go to sadly shut down. I had to get my fix so we came here for lunch. Man do I miss this kind of food.

We split a few things on the menu and I had gotten in NY before: Red Fried Rice, Fried Plantains, and Dibi - Grilled Chicken. The rice is unique compared to what you get at an Asian restaurant and had a hint of spice to it. The fried plantains is what you would typically expect. The Dibi Chicken isn't spicy as I was used to, but it's something I'd still recommend. Definitely would love to come back again and try the snapper.

FYI: This is a cash only establishment
PROS: Consistently really delicious, generous portions, cozy atmosphere
CONS:  Slow 
SUGGESTIONS: For the winter, order the ginger juice warm! 

It takes a rather long time for you to get your dishes (since they are super busy and lots of people order takeout), but once they bring the food, the party's on! To beat the cold, we ordered the ginger juice warm --- and it was delightful and definitely heated us right up. The storefront looks unappealing from the outside, but it's actually quite well maintained and comfortable inside.
One of my favorite restaurants in Philly and a definite must if you're looking for West African cuisine. I've been to Kilimanjaro a handful of times and have never been disappointed. Portions are big, fresh, and incredibly savory. Last I went, I ordered the fish  (whole - head, bones, and all) and rice. The fish was fried (but can also be grilled) with a delicious sauce and marinated onions. The bf ordered Senegalese chicken and couscous which came with stewed veggies. We were stuffed beyond belief! Two orders is probably enough to feed 3. 

Seriously, do yourselves a favor and try this place out.
Kilimandjaro serves Senegalese cuisine and is in the shopping center at 43rd and Chestnut Street. There's a parking lot available and Kilimandjaro is currently open for takeout and delivery. I called ahead and the wait was around 30 minutes. Note that they're cash only!

We ordered the Poison (tilapia) ($15) and the Poulet Senegal (chicken) ($14). Each dinner comes with a side and I picked Steamed Vegetables and Couscous. I thought the couscous was a bit bland, but unfortunately they ran out of fried plantains which I would've picked as my side instead. These portion sizes are huge! The Poison was an entire fish and the other dish was half of a chicken. The tilapia was very well seasoned and since it's grilled, the texture is very crispy. The chicken was flavorful but it was on the drier side. Two dinner dishes can definitely feed three people. 

TLDR: Tasty senegalese dishes and a bang for your buck-- and on that note, make sure you have cash!
This place is almost too good to be true. Fair pricing, large portions, friendly staff, 
I couldn't  believe it. In this day and age where a lot of restaurants objectives are to cut corners and get over I usually expect to either pay a years salary to get a good meal or pay little and HATE the experience. This place is a Tripple threat I wish I could live in their kitchen.
Had an excellent meal here. Expect the service to be pretty slow, but they were gracious and friendly.

I got the chicken brochettes (French for kebabs) along with the Senagalese rice. Both dishes were good. The chicken was outstanding. It was clearly thoughtfully marinated and grilled to give just the right amount of char. This is some of the best chicken I've ever had. Delicious.

The rice was great as well. It was a short grain served tossed with peas and carrots. Cooked in a fermented bean. It tasted like soy a little but that could simply be due to my palette being unaccustomed to African cuisine.

Having been dissatisfied with Ethiopian food in the past, it was a pleasant surprise that this west African fare was quite appealing and not too foreign for my admittedly westernized taste.
I came in here with pretty high expectations because of the Yelp reviews. Sat down, ordered the yassa fish and the Sengalese rice off of other Yelp recommendations. 20 minutes later, I get my glass of water. Whatever, not a deal breaker. But waiting another 30 minutes to get my food absolutely is. I don't care if this is Momofuku on Christmas, you don't make a customer wait 50 minutes to get their food on a weekday night with one other table ahead of them. 

So my food gets here and at this point I'm starving enough that I'd considered running to a foodtruck and just eating there. As low as my standards were at that point, they somehow still managed to make my food mediocre. The Sengalese rice was a plate of salty, small-grained rice with literal pieces of vegetables thrown in. I'm talking an individual kernel of corn. i don't even know how you manage to get one kernel of corn, did they literally take a can of corn and say, "welp, would be a shame if we didn't use this last kernel of corn, might as well give it to this rice"? The fish was grilled and just overwhelmingly blasted with pepper. It might have had some other flavor to it, but none was tasted past the sensation of being punched in the face by the cumulative pepper import of the last 500 years. I'm assuming they burned my fish on that grill for the last 40 minutes and the pepper was a last ditch attempt to hide that, because it hid absolutely everything. There might have been some vegetables in the gravy, but frankly it all tasted like pepper and I'm not willing to go on the record saying that that they were vegetables just from the texture. 

Other people have had really good things to say about this place, so maybe I was just an absolutely extreme aberration, but I'm not willing to go back in there and find out. Try at your own risk.
Ok so here it goes! Last week my fiancé surprised me with a weekend trip to Philadelphia! He made sure to include an African restaurant to honor my culture . 
When we walked into Kilimandjaro it was a casual restaurant but a great scene. The diversity of the people that patronize the restaurant was great to see as there were people of all different races there. The food was sooooooo good. I got my favorite DiBi lamb and my fiancé got a chicken dish. I will say this is by far the best Senegalese DiBi lamb I've had in ages. The customer service was cordial but so so especially since they were so busy. Honestly though most African restaurants aren't known for customer service but I can easily overlook that due to how good the food was. I gave it four stars because the food is great, however I think the customer service can improve with proper staffing and also having a better seating system.
Friendly staff and a great meal. We came with a large group and they offered us a "buffet" for 15 a person. It was amazing... whole platters came out to our table with chicken, lamb, whole talapia. They had a ginger drink included which was spicy and a little too sweet but it was tummy to try. Note: no alcohol allowed, but it was ok because we enjoyed the food so much.
The menu is full of delicious seeming options, for meat eaters. If you are vegetarian, there are not a lot of options; you will need to make a meal of sides. The food I had was ok, the portions are generous, I wish they had more to offer vegetarians.

Otherwise, the place is a dive, but the staff is friendly, nice seeming people.
I live in Kilamandjaro. I've been eating there since 2008 and I haven't stopped. I go there so much the owners can recognize my voice over the phone. I even had my graduation dinner there! 

My favorite dish is the Fish Yassa. It's so good I could eat the seasoned onions by itself. If you want appetizers definitely get the beef patties or plantain. The grilled chicken and Dibi chicken is good too. Great spot for a date night or just hanging out with friends. It's also a BYOB. People of all races enjoy their food & if you try it I can guarantee you'll find something you like.
Kilamandjaro is often labeled as the most accessible of all the west Philly African restaurants.  That's mainly because of its location very near to the University of Pennsylvania campus and rapid transit.  It is also colorfully and attractively decorated on the inside....although they could use some new seating as a couple of the seats and banquettes were torn.  The food here is very reliable....although not spectacular.  I recently enjoyed a maafe lamb and rice dish here.  The peanut sauce was excellent ... and made even better when I requested hot sauce.  The lamb in the Maafe, however was not of the best quality in my opinion - a little too much fat and bone at the same time.  Service was competent but my water glass was never refilled after I pretty early on finished the water.  All in all a solid University City African restaurant that has a little room for improvement.
They don't accept restaurant.com certificates even though it's advertised on the website.  The manager pointed to a pencilled-sign at the front door that was barely readable.  

We really enjoyed the food there though, great value for the huge portion and taste. We ordered the beef patties (4 pieces for $5) and it was delicious, very similar to empanadas except for better shells (crispy but not hard). 
The fried tilapia is my second favorite fried tilapia in the city. We got fried plaintains and fried rice as side dishes for our entrees and were very happy with them.  The ginger juice was definitely interesting and worth trying.  
The service was a bit lacking, but overall, recommended for the food!
I had no idea what Senegalese food was, but I love to try new ethnic cuisines and we went on the rave Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed! 

The menu is not helpful (Chicken Senegal is described as "Chicken with Senegalese sauce"), but our waitress made wonderful recommendations. We had the Grilled Tilapia and the Yassa Chicken.

Every bite of the Tilapia was perfectly spiced, tender, and moist. I was poking the last bits of meat from those fish cheeks. The accompanying plantains were delicious as well.

The Yassa Chicken came with a spiced brown rice (definitely worth the $2 up charge over plain white rice) which was worthy of being eaten plain, with a spoon. But paired with the chicken and the wonderful concoction of cooked onions and peppers in a savory sauce? Magic.

If you like spicy foods, ask for hot sauce to be brought to the table. They will bring a Senegalese hot sauce that appears homemade and is nothing like tabasco or habanero sauce. I asked for seconds and slathered it on everything.

For our second visit, the waitress recommended the Dibi and Senegalese Chicken, and I can't wait to come back!

One final note: this is not for the picky diner. You can't be squeamish about fish skin or chicken bones, or bits of fat and gristle, but if you love good food that sticks to your fingers and bones, you will be in heaven!
This restaurant is one of my favorite places, but you have to love some spicy food. I've tried several things on the menu and still have a way to go. I'm a big fan of the fried rice, Dibi chicken and lamb chops. They also cook plantains to perfection. The waitress will  let you know if they are not ripe, so you won't have any sad surprises. If you love onions, you'll love the Yassa fish.  We've taken out of town guests to this neighborhood who have been to West Africa and Senegal and they absolutely adore it. One of the fun experiences is watching the Senegalese music videos playing in the background. Don't forget to try the ultra spicy ginger juice or the super sweet Kilimandjaro ice tea. The prices are really reasonable. You always have leftovers enough for an entire meal. I've never been to Senegal, but I'm dying to go. The staff is always friendly and they give us a warm welcome whenever we come. If you are weak of stomach, then come prepared for tums or something of that sort, because the food is worth it!!
I went here with a large group in search of West African food and was pleasantly surprised. Granted, there's not much in the way of veg friendly fare, but I left full and happy.

I ordered 3 sides and ended up with a ton of food. The plaintains with an onion sauce were very nice. The steamed vegetables also had a nice flavor. But my favorites of the night were the fried rice and the ginger drink. The rice was nicely spicy and the ginger drink was sweet, with just the right amount of ginger. My fellow diners also enjoyed the chicken yassa and lamb dibbi. 

The restaurant is not very big and can get crowded, but the service was very pleasant, albeit not speedy. There's lots of take out traffic of the West African variety, which I took as a good sign. Also, the meat is halal. I got that straight from the owner's sister. I'm adding this to my list of great, cheap places to eat in the cut.
I think I ate here like a million time! One of my favorite places to eat while in Philly. The sever is always happy and it shows in her service. The food is always top notch. Definitely would recommend.:)
The food here is straight up delicious. My sister and I split a plate of roasted chicken with fried plantains, and a chicken chwarma sandwich, and it was more than enough food for the both of us. The chicken was quite juicy and the outside was blackened and full of flavor. Also, make sure you get the fried plantains. I took the advice of the other reviewers on this, and they were not wrong. 

My sister and I thought the chwarma sandwich was the best part of the meal. The only problem was that it took 30 min to come out, so we had already filled up on sweet plantains ... luckily, the sandwich next still delicious the next day. This "sandwich" is really more of a burrito, because it's wrapped in a thin pita. It also is stuffed with FRIES, as well as juicy chicken and cucumbers, and other delicious things. It's not the healthiest thing on the menu, but I'm still thinking about it. 

Even though the food was good, the restaurant did not have a/c, which was kind of annoying. There also seemed to only be one waitress, and she was constantly busy with take out orders, so we had to go up to the register and ask her for things like water on occasion. Maybe I wouldn't make it a priority to dine in here, but this is a super solid take out place at least.
Wow, I started this review over a year and half ago and never finished writing it. Good thing I remember how good the food was. 

Kilimandjaro is by far one of the most unique and great tasting restaurants in the Philly area. I've never been to Africa but having traveled all over the world, I can imaging this is pretty authentic dishes. The portions are generous and the drinks they had were interesting (to say the least). I went with two other people and we all ordered something different so that we can have a taste of each other's plates. They were all really good. Only my friend's drink was weird but I guess it's a matter of opinion because she really liked it.

Service was good though rather slower paced. Most of the people who worked here at very limited English proficiency so I'm going to chalk it up to cultural differences that I'm sensing here.

Make sure to call in advance, the time of when they open varies and Yelp nor their website is correct and they're both different.

Parking: Small shared lot or metered street
Price: $12+ per person
Wait: 20 mins
This place is full on authentic - and delicious! In a little strip mall. Very friendly. Slow because everything is cooked to order. 

Loved the hibiscus drink (non-alcoholic: it's a BYOB place).

Very pretty and relaxing with reasonable prices. Everything was fresh. 

My friend had grilled fish and it was the first time he had ever eaten non-filleted fish. He did a champion job and we both ignored the head lol. 

We shared a delicious appetizer of these triangular pastries filled with ground beef. Could have eaten a whole order myself!

Also shared some plantains. They were delicious though I can't eat many because they are so filling!

My main course was the "Gombo" which was a lamb and fish gumbo with a smoky taste. Loved everything, especially the authenticness of it all. 

They were out of a few items I would have liked to try: a drink made with fresh ginger and the Fish Balls appetizer. 

Loved that I was able to avoid garlic as it gives me a headache. 

The cuisine is Cameroonian.
PROS: Tasty African food, generous portions, yummy sides, warm ambience
CONS: Small space (but they deliver)
SUGGESTIONS: Get the fried plantains! 

I ordered the tilipia entree --- and what came in front of me was an ENTIRE yummy grilled fish! It seems that the chawarma was really good too,
I had dinner here with 3 friends last night. This place seems to be very busy on the weekends, but when we went on Monday evening there was no wait. The restaurant is BYOB, so I picked up a bottle of wine next door --- also there is a small parking lot available within the plaza. Between us we ordered the Chicken Yassa, Chicken Senegal, and Vero Shrimp with plantains, brown rice, salad and ginger juice on the side.  Everything was very delicious, but we all agreed that Chicken Yassa was the best dish.  This is one of my new favorite restaurants in the area, and I recommend it to everyone!
The food here was great but the bad service, dirty tables, close seating, and extremely loud crowds (both dine-in guests and folks getting take out) makes for a bad restaurant experience.
tl;dr - food is AMAZING. Good portion sizes and fantastic flavors. A definite must try. Service is subpar and makes eating here a painful experience, and expect to spend over an hour and a half here to order and eat. BYOB, Cash only. 

The food here is excellent. The half chicken is really delicious, and the fish is awesome (though hard to eat with the scales). I would choose these over the lamb or the shrimp. I personally think the fried rice is great, and the sweet potato fries are the best ones I've ever had. A lot of flavors I'm not used to, and I really love them! The onions are AMAZING. Prices have risen since my last visit, but still reasonable for the amount of food, which is a lot. 

However, service is where Kilimandjaro loses. The woman who works at the front kinda waves you off, and it takes a long time for her to fill up your drinks (or really even bring you drinks) - you have to go up every time you need something; don't expect her to come over and check in on you. The food also takes really, really long. Like 30-50 minutes for your food to arrive after ordering, but it also takes like 20 minutes to even get your order down. So be aggressive about ordering. 

One time, the restaurant got sooo smoky that my eyes couldn't stop watering. It was literal hell. 

However, it's hard to come prepared to order fast. It seems like, at any given time, 75% of their menu isn't available. Really disappointing, especially since it's really an investment of time for me to come over here. It's also cash only, so be prepared.
Food is good, have been twice but go only when you have nothing planned afterwards.  Service is sloooooow and often can't accommodate even a dinner for two if they already have a semi-large party.  People are really nice though.
After reading some great reviews, I finally made it here tonight!  Food was amazing, definitely reminded me of my mother's cooking.  Love that our waitress was so helpful in recommending anything she thought we would love and spoke French with other patrons coming into the restaurant for dinner!  The spicy sauce served with the beef patties is definitely tasty but super spicy!!!!  The patties were delish!  I highly recomend it...definitely expected different, wait was not long at all - we were in and out within an hour and some.
One of my absolute favorite places in University City, and one of the only few places that serve whole fish (at an amazing price too!) yes, the service may be slow sometimes but they're really nice about it, and the food just keeps drawing me back here. 

It is a BYO and conveniently located next to a liquor store, so do take advantage of that! The half a dozen times I've been here, I almost exclusively order the grilled tilapia, which comes with a side (I'd recommend the plantains or the vegetables for a lighter touch). The portions are HUGE (even for the sides), and the fish comes delightfully crisped up with a fresh spicy salsa-like topping. 

A definite gem in University City and so far, I haven't found anywhere else that surpasses it's grilled tilapia.
I love you Kilimanjaro. You are so chill and unassuming. That's what I admire most about you... And your awesome food too. 

I haven't been to Kilimandjaro in a while. I've been going for a few years now and it never gets old. I've only had their fish dishes. Plantains are perfection and the red sauce over my rice--- mm mm good. It's as good as the Ghanaian food I ate while I was there. Writing this review is making me want some now. Good God Kilimanjaro!!
Hands down one of the best deals in town for the money. Food was really on point and the decour was cozy. I didn't even mind the music videos playing in the background.

The food was just the best: dibi lamb [broiled lamb chops] and the poulet Senegalese [chicken] was but well marinated and juicy. The tea [don't know what's in it] was sweet and delicious as well. Above all, the staff was very welcoming and I can't recommend it enough!
This is probably the best African food I have ever had. I love the lamb and fried plantains combination. Any of the lamb dishes are game. I just love how well its all flavored and how tender the lamb is. The food is so fresh and hot whenever I've gotten it for takeout that its still hot an hour later (sometimes parallel parking in Philly just takes that long). The best part is the onion sauce that they put on the lamb.... its just mouth-watering even when I think about it. The taste of this food lives in your mouth for like two days its that good. Best part- the portion sizes are amazing so its usually great for someone like me as I get to eat it for two meals in a row. Of course I would probably eat it 3 days in a row if I could. I would highly recommend this place!
There is a special place in my heart for BYOB. I'm so serious. This is a cute little restaurant. I don't think more than 20 people can be seated here at a time. They also don't take credit cards. 

I had the lamb chops and tasted the fish. My lamb was a bit tough, but great flavors. I also ordered a ginger infused drink. I enjoyed and had enough food in my plate to take home leftovers. 

It's casual, laid back and enjoyable. I will certainly come back.
Absolutely amazing! I had the Yassa Fish and fried rice and wasn't ready for the yumminess that graced the plate. It was savory and spicy, hitting all the right notes, especially the caramelized onions.
One word Delicious everything we ordered  I had grilled lamb& couscous  with a side of steamed vegetables the service was very good our server recommended dishes we ordered them and weren't disappointed had ginger juice As a beverage quite good I like this place so much I plan on visiting it at least once a week. I went there this past Monday I had the grilled talapia it was Reeaallly Good never had any so good if you like fish order it you wont be disappointed
The food never disappoints and the servers are attentive. The atmosphere is also very inviting and it's BYOB so you can save a buck.
If I could inject the fresh ginger juice directly into bloodstream, I would.

The shopping plaza this place exists in is unassuming. The ambiance inside this place is fairly straight forward, with not a lot of polarizing vibes either way. The food is excellent. The service is, too. Everything was cooked to perfection and at a very agreeable price. Fair warning on the pork chops: H U G E. Best way to eat them is to just pick em up and dive in. You're hands will smell like deliciousness for a day or two afterward.

My first time meal equation was as follows:

Fresh ginger juice + fried plantains + whole Yassa fish + grilled pork chops = 1 happy couple on date night.

 Give it a whirl! It's really close by Local 44 as well, which is definitely not a bad after-dinner move.
This place should be on Diners, Dives and Drive-ins. 

Its a dive.  Bring friends. Get the poisson grilled. Try the coktail. Thats how they spell it. AND its ginger juice and hibiscus tea.  Huge portions.

Also, because it is what it is, you should know that when you order the beef patties even though it says ... #4     $1.50 for a beef pattie, they will bring you 4 and charge you $6. Your friends can eat the others.
They have the Best plantains I've ever eaten ! I found love in a hopeless place. I honestly didn't know what to expect for the location but I was totally satisfied .
I have been here thrice before, but this review will cover my most recent trip.

Based on the presentation, taste and quality of the food alone, this restaurant is amazing. However, there are some other logistical details that unfortunately keep my mouse hovering at the four star mark online. First, the venue is small and so beware of trying to find a table during peak dinner hours. Additionally, I didn't see any table that would seat more than 6 people, so unfortunately not a place to bring your entire extended family. At the same time, the waitstaff were very accommodating in allowing our group of three to pull up another chair at a clearly two person table. The menu is outdated and in fact, the waitress apologized to say that about 3-4 items aren't even made anymore. As a result, there are a sparse number of offerings made at dinner. This time I ordered Sauce Feuille with lamb and it was probably the second most delicious item I've had there, although I was a little nonplussed to find fish bones in the sauce. Ranked number one, in case you're wondering, is the rich peanut butter curry or Mafe. My companions ordered the Yassa fish and the whole fish. They were blown out of the water (pun intended). I'm also a fan of the presentation of their side orders such as their rice which comes as a beautiful compact sphere on your plate. Other sides are served in long, undulating, horizontal bowls. Another plus is how hot the food is when it is brought out and that for a small-medium sized person like myself, your entree is easily 2.5 meals.

This is a great affordable restaurant for a small group of people that offers unique and wholly satisfying dishes. A final note is that they don't accept credit cards! Don't say we didn't warn you.
Mmmmmmm.... Seriously, yum! I've been holding off on this review for quite sometime simply because I could never really tear myself away from having my go to... the fried fish... it's so delicious every-time definitely not a fluke, but I wanted to have something else to review as well. I'm actually not a huge fan of tilapia but often times that's what they have, I will eat it and enjoy it... the onions topped on the fish make the meal... the onions are spicy, I love spicy, but cant handle it like I used to... on rare instances I make the choice to just deal with the after effects to satisfy my tastebuds, but it has to be totally worth it, for me a meal from here is totally worth it lol.  So what else have o had aside rom the fish that Has contributed to the 5 star review... the lamb! So tender, so well seasoned and extremely delicious! I usually call and order ahead since it takes a bit to prepare, but again it's worth the wait... cant wait to be back soon!
The food is AMAZING, but their service is garbage. I will always credit Kilimandjaro for beginning what is sure to be a lifelong love affair with Senegalese cuisine. The flavors were amazing and addictive, and I've already started scouring Yelp reviews in search of something similar that's closer to home. 

Kilimandjaro has nothing to offer in the way of ambiance or service. There is not decor to speak of, and their table layout seems very inefficient. The waitress was very scatterbrained. We waited for everything: for our table to be cleaned, for menus, for our beverages. Everything takes a while because they are very busy and short staffed. We ordered the fataya to start. It took an eternity, and when it did arrive, we were not provided with plates or utensils. They provided a stingy, half short glass' worth of hot sauce. I would have been annoyed had these beef patties not been some of the most delicious I've had in my life. I held my tongue and waited for my entree.

It took approximately 45 minutes for our main dishes to come out of the kitchen. That may be the longest I've waited ... ever. I had the fish yassa and my boyfriend had the senegalese chicken. I requested the cous cous, while he requested the brown rice. She absolutely refused to make any amendments, which was weird, because my cous cous dame in a separate bowl and we ended up trading once the food arrived at the table anyway. But, the food was mind blowing. The spices were very strong, in the best way possible. I'm not sure who had the better dish, it may have been a toss up. Either way, I walked out of their with a new respect and obsession for Senegalese cuisine.

Tips for dining here: Come here when you have a good amount of time to kill, and are in no rush to be anywhere. Order take-out if possible, or call ahead if it's not possible to place your order and alleviate wait time. Get ready to enjoy a culinary trip to Senegal, and an incredible meal.
Cash only. Plenty of parking. Small restaurant and cozy restaurant. Good prices for the amount of food. 

Everyone on Yelp was raving about the fish, I went ahead and got grilled tilapia with jollof rice. Fish was amazing. 

Boyfriend got chicken kabobs which was also very flavorful. 

Service is what you'd expect from a mom and pop shop. Food took a little longer than usual but it may be because of the fish. 

This is also a great take out place - really worth to for take out!

Overall, my belly is happy and so am I!
Great Senegalese food. Love the fried fish, extra onions for sure, and couscous. Sometimes lamb is tough but food is always tasty. I enjoy the juices when they have them as well.
This was our second visit to this small, family owned restaurant located in West Philadelphia near the U. of P. campus and we have enjoyed the diverse, unpretentious atmosphere of this  establishment on both occasions. As we did on our last visit, we started off our meal with the Fataya which are triangles of flaky pastry filled with a nicely spiced ground beef mixture and served with a fiery hot dipping sauce ( we had asked our server if we could have the sauce kicked up a notch, and she delivered!)) It was so good, we were tempted to order another plate! We also sampled the Vero Shrimp which was a bit of a disappointment. The sauce of onion, garlic, and peppers was very tasty, but the shrimp were tiny and lacking in flavor.

For my entree, I had the fried whole snapper with caramelized onions. While good, I think I'll  stick with the grilled version which I had on my prior visit as it had just the right amount of char and was more moist and succulent. Unfortunately, the fried version was slightly overcooked. Well flavored brown rice with diced mixed vegetables was a delicious complement to the fish. My husband loved his Yassa Chicken, and our son enjoyed the Lamb Dibi and we all enjoyed a side order of sweet, fried plantains.

There is nothing fancy about the food served here, it's just honest stick to the ribs home cooking, Senegalese style.

Like the fact that this is a BYOB and we can uncork a lovely zinfandel which pairs nicely with the dishes, but don't like the fact that they do not take reservations as there may be a long wait for a table on a Saturday evening. Overall an excellent value with customer friendly service.
Coming from Chicago, I appreciate the hole in the wall, family owned feel of restaurants.  As a group, we decided to try Senegalese food for the first time and the food in my opinion was tasty.  We ordered a shrimp, beef, lamb, and chicken dish along with sautéed greens, plantains, red fried rice, and a salad.  Out of all, my favorite was the shrimp, red fried rice, and plantains.  

The shrimp and some of the dishes seemed to have the same spices and a chopped up spicy onion mixture on top.  The spice was a little to spicy for some, but for me it truly hit the spot.  I would say; however, don't plan on giving anyone a kiss on the night of dining here. Just sayin' 

The floor plan was a bit odd but all in all we loved the quaint, cozy vibe.  I would definitely recommend Kilimandjaro a try.
Came here for the first time a few years ago and had a rice dish that I couldn't care less for. But I was craving some African food a few days ago and I decided to give it another shot. This time I was sold!

I tried the grilled fish with vegetables and plantains. It was so good I came back the very next day for another. The fish was crispy outside, flaky inside, and seasoned to the bone! The fish is covered with sautéed onions in a tasty sauce that I could not get enough of. The plantains were sweet morsels that complimented the fish. 

The service is friendly enough but they seem preoccupied with personal conversations. Like others have noted, the wait can be rather long but is definitely worth it.
I had a hard time deciding between 4 or 5 stars for Kilimandjaro. The food absolutely deserves 5 stars. Everything I've had here has been great. The flavors are amazing and everything is seasoned just right. I especially enjoyed the plantains starter and the shrimp crevettes. The spice on the crevettes builds to a nice heat that pairs nicely with the sweetness of the plantains. The red snapper was also very, very good.

The four star rating comes from atmosphere. The place definitely has a relaxed, neighborhood vibe, which I like. But the service can be slow and the bathrooms aren't the tidiest. I'm big on ambiance though, if that doesn't matter to you then consider this a five star rating.

But then your food comes and all is forgiven. I definitely recommend checking it out. Grab a bottle of wine next door since it's BYO and enjoy what I'm sure will be a fantastic meal.
This place was great! Definitely had no idea what to expect as I'd never eaten Senegalese food before, but my friend and I are adventurous eaters and thought we would give it a shot because of the crazy good Yelp reviews. 

If you don't like onions, you may not like this place because there are lots of onions involved...but I love onions so it was right up my alley!

I got the Chicken Senegal (?) and it was really moist, well cooked, and covered in a delicious blend of onions and some peppers. I got it with a side of spicy brown rice which I'd say is a must get. My friend got the tilapia and it came out as the whole fish, but she really enjoyed it. We shared the fried plantains and that was a great appetizer.

Overall, if you are looking for something fun and different go check out this place. Portions are HUGE and will definitely produce leftovers. Also, take cash because they don't take card!
I would give the food five stars however the service wasn't well. I got the lamb chops and fried rice it was amazing. Yet me and my be waited about 3 hrs for our food I understand they were busy and it was only one woman serving, I just think I would be beneficial if they had more staff.
Just visited for the first time last night, and they have amazing food, atmosphere,  service, and you can't beat the prices! If you're looking for authentic African flavors and dishes, this is definitely a must! The fish is absolutely perfect, the chicken is delicious, and the owner's Senegalese rice is out of this world. the owner also makes her own ginger juice which is absolutely outstanding. I've never had African food before Kilimandjaro and simply put, it was an excellent experience. We'll definitely be back soon!
The food is incredible. Had the grilled Tilapia (given whole) which had these wonderful spices. The meat was moist and tender. Tried to pick every piece I could off the bone. The sautéed green beans (side) were really good. The service was fine and not as bad as I've heard in some reviews. My wife had the lamb chops which she said were a little tough, but still good. We both had the ginger juice and mango which was excellent. Just they right amount of ginger spice and sweetness. The price can't be beat. Excellent meal for the price. Would recommend to anyone.
Dear foodies,

Kilimandjaro Restaurant will blow your mind with it's unique flavors, textures, and spices.  It is an amazing restaurant that specializes in West African food.  I have been twice thus far, once during the summer before I moved to Arizona, and just two weeks ago when I visited family on the East Coast for the New Year.  

The peanut sauce is delectable, the Yassa Fish is out of this world and even the rice is filled with flavor and vegetables.  Their homemade hot sauce is spicy and flavorful.


I love this place. It is absolutely amazing.
We were looking for a BYO in West Philly and saw this place with great reviews on Yelp. We're not very experienced with West African food but were excited to try some new fare. This place did not disappoint. The food was delicious!

We started with the fried plantains. I highly recommend. The dish is a wonderful balance of sweet and spicy, with the sautéed onions complimenting the plantains perfectly. I had the chicken yassa with an upgraded side of fried rice ($2 more). Hubby had the lamb shank gigot and our son had the beef brochette (kabobs). Everyone was very happy with their choice. One note on the beef- it was prepared medium-well which was fine with my son, but if you prefer your beef less cooked, I suggest you ask the server or skip the beef altogether. Son had the ginger drink with strawberries which was very good as well!

The restaurant is small and it was very busy on a Sunday night but the service was good. I read reviews that it's a bit slow, but we don't like to rush through our meal anyway so it was spot on for us. The only hiccup was that they staggered bringing out the main courses with quite a bit of time between the first and last course served. But our server was apologetic and we just used the opportunity to sample the dishes one at a time.

I would highly recommend this place. We will certainly be back!
Food is AMAZING!!!  Perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The service on the other hand?  Well, when you ask for a glass of water three times and never receive it and thirty minutes later you're still waiting for an appetizer that'a been ordered but then they suddenly don't have it, it's s a bit disappointing to say the least.
I have never been to Senegal. but have eaten homemade Senegalese meals. This place makes stuff like your mom would if she were an EXCELLENT home cook. Spices and sauces are exotic, but not unfamiliar. A must try app is the meat patties (still shining with oil from the deep fryer, HOT and spicy. The Grilled Tilapia I had appeared whole (including the head) and was quite succulent, but not particularly filling. Fortunately, my wife's half Senegalese chicken was more than she could eat, so with the help of my huge order of red fried rice, I went home full. Daughter was not so adventuresome, so beef Brochette suited her just fine (along with a huge order of plantains.) 

Service was very friendly and English is spoken well (though French is appreciated.) When we went the TV was on to a soccer game, and lots of local French-speaking Africans were cheering on their respective teams.

This is no doubt the kind of experience you would have a continent away, right in a convenient West-Phila strip shopping center (with free parking.) It's small, so try a slightly off-hour, Service takes the amount of time cooked to order takes, so order a delicious Ginger Juice and be patient. You will be rewarded.
I found out about Kilimandjaro online a few months ago. Last week I was thinking of places for my 21st birthday dinner; I wanted it to be relatively close to Penn's campus and nice but not expensive to the point of inconveniencing people. I remembered Kilimandjaro and decided to go with them because of all the great reviews. 

The morning before the dinner I went to the restaurant to make sure they could accomodate my party at the time I had planned. When I saw how small it was I got a little nervous, but they were fine with my party of 12 (it actually turned out to be only 10).

The dinner was last night, and it was unforgettably amazing!! After pondering the menu for a while, we decided to go with the buffet (fish, lamb, chicken, salad, rice, plantains and drinks for $15 per person). They only take cash, so 3 of us ended up walking to the CVS on Locust. When we got back, everything was on the table. All the food was delicious. None of us was particularly skilled at cutting a fish but we managed and it was quite tasty. I could only try one of the drinks though, the bissap, because the other two had pineapple and I'm allergic. Our server was very careful to make sure I knew the bissap from the iced tea (they look very much alike).

Overall, we had a wonderful time. Everyone kept asking how I found this place; only one person in our group had been before. The food and ambiance were perfect, and the servers were extremely helpful and efficient.
Loveeeeeee. I have had the chicken and it is delicious, I have had the meat pie and it is delicious; but nothing to me is better than the lamb with the onions and sauce on the rice. It's is delicious. (When i get the name of it ill update my review) I am Nigerian and I am a lot of times dissatisfied with the African cuisine in Philly.

This Senegalese place is a stable for me and my friend and me and my boyfriend. We sometimes come for take out and sometimes just to have nice loud talks about politics. 

Someday il try the fish I heard it's actually better than the lamb. But for right now I'm sticking to my favorite.

4 small but important things CASH ONLY and the furniture needs updating, the place is tight and customer service depends on the day and customers.
Good food. We got the buffet for 10 people (it's a minimum of 10 people, for $15 per person, and well worth it for the variety, quantity and quality of food), which is actually not on the menu as an option, and she was surprised that I knew about the option, but was very sweet in allowing us to partake (that was the whole reason we had come!). 

Buffet comes with salad (good dressing, I want to say a ginger-based dressing, and with hard-boiled eggs is a plus for me), fried rice (not like Chinese fried rice at all...it's just the rice w/ no veggies), plantains with some sort of sauce (good sauce, although I was annoyed at myself that I couldn't place the flavor...wonder what it was...I prefer my plantains a little bit sweeter but they were good), chicken (wish there was a higher chicken to onions ratio, but it was tasty, if not a tad spicy), lamb (good if not a bit fatty), and fish (two whole fish...my first time filleting a fish...very delicious!). Also comes with a pitcher of each drink (I forget the names, but I believe one was a ginger drink and one was a sweet tea), very very veryyyyy interesting/delicious/unique drinks!

*note: "Buffet" might not be the best way to describe it...It is NOT all-you-can-eat. It is just one big platter/pitcher of each item that is enough for everyone to have a decent portion of everything.

Also ordered the "beef patties" (like little beef empanadas) for appetizer. They were delicious, but a bit pricey in my opinion.

Service was lacking, and though it was pretty packed with people coming in and out for take-out, they easily could have checked on our table more. There's the star off for me. There's only maybe 5 or 6 tables total (we took up a whole side of the restaurant with our party of 10).

I'll definitely be coming back.
I came here for the first time for a lunch date with my husband. Everything was delicious! Super impressed by the quality and value! We got the grilled tilapia from dinner menu with sweet potatoe fries on the side, chicken yassa from lunch menu and fried rice. Soooo good! Will definitely come back for more!
I honestly have no idea what kind of cuisine this place falls under but it is good.  I had the Chicken Senegal (I think) and had some of the Tilapia.  Note both dishes are huge in portion.  It's a good size chicken and the whole tilapia.  The sides it came with were pretty good as well.

Definitely worth trying if you're in the mood for something different.  This will hit the spot.
Fish, fish, fish! Wish I knew the secret to how they cook it. Good sized portion enough to share between 2 people, comes with a side of salad. Didn't try the lamb but one of our friends had it and it was just Ok. The fried plantains were pretty good as well as the bissap.
Friendly, authentic, hot and spicy. We have started with the roasted plantain as an apetizer (YAY), ginger juice, and we had a Yassa fish/chicken as a main dish. Meals are delicious, geneorous, priced reasonably. Wish we could have tasted the whole menu!!!
Amazing food! The grilled chicken was tender and tasty.  The fish was good, as well.  I would stay away from the lamb, it was fatty and not a lot of meat.  Well priced, too! 

Service was slow, so be prepared.
This place is for real. The food and  service are over the top. The price can't be beat and the portions are large.This is one of my stand byes.
I am not very familiar with African food and was not sure what to expect, but this was fantastic! Delicious!  The tilapia was a whole fish perfectly cooked, tasty and crispy. The chicken Senegalese was half a chicken with a great sauce and was just FAB.  The Yassa chicken was cut up chicken in a delicious stew with a slightly spicy onion sauce and was equally great, the swarma was delicious with great filling (although it was a bit strange being in a tortilla shell).

As other reviewer's have stated, the exterior of this place belies what is inside. It doesn't look like much from the outside but inside it is homey and comfortable in rich colors comfortable seats although small. Service was fine, no complaints in contrast to some commenters here - very friendly pleasant and prompt (this isn't fast food!). 

Just to be clear, five stars does not mean this is a five-star restaurant, only that it perfectly delivers on what it promises.  We will definitely be back, and already looking forward!
Kilimandjaro is a bit of a hole in the wall, but the decor is very nice inside.

I believe it is Senegalese cuisine, and the flavors are awesome.

Start with ginger juice or the other fruit juice - very addicting.

Must try the meat patty appetizer, whole fish, and the lamb chops. Plantains are delicious as a side.

Don't be afraid to try this place! A true hidden gem in University City.
This review is long over due! I am welcomed like family anytime I walk in! My favorite Senegalese Restaurant! Well ran, delicious food, and friendly, warm service. My favorite dish is the grilled tilapia with sweet plantains, jolof rice, and sweet potato fries. Sorel or ginger juice also delicious! This family ran restaurant will always have a special place in my heart. One of the first places I ate when I moved to Philly in 2005! I will always return!
Love this place!! So Delicious! Came with four friends so I was able to try multiple dishes. The fish was my favorite, followed by the lamb. The service is a little slow but the food is worth the wait.
Awesome food, awesome service, tilapia fish is the best and loved the kitchen made ginger juice....best place for first time African food
Fair price and good food. Fresh water fish is not tasted good, but I love lamb and chicken, sweet potato fries is the best. But they don't like credit card, they like cash.
What Shereen C said.

This place is so good and so much fun.
On a quick breakaway to philly - man brought me to this gem from when he used to live in Philly years ago. You could miss it because its stuck in a little shopping mall. Dont miss it.  

Everything was fresh, delicious and amazing.  Fresh ginger juice, Bissap (amazing),
nice salad with egg, rice spiced perfectly fried (literally the best Ive ever eaten to date),  fresh grilled tilapia (he ate half of mine and his), sauteed vegs, and bomb spiced plantains - should've also gotten the dibi but was stuffed as is. 

We even went back again on our way up to NY the next day to grab some plantains and rice for the road, would've gotten a jug of the juice if we could!  

People were friendly, warm and attentive, very comfortable vibe like home. 
Prices are great. 
Will definitely stop there anytime we are down by Philly.
Had a pretty nice dinner here with a friend the other night. The atmosphere was friendly & welcoming, and service was quick. We sampled the Poulet Senegal with couscous & cotelette d'agneau with rice. Next time, we should definitely order some vegetables since there's not much else besides onions on the platters. That being said, the onions were delicious and well spiced. The chicken was moist and excellent, but the lamb was somewhat dry and more fatty than I would have hoped. Overall, we had a nice meal and would definitely go back. Plenty of parking, too!
My boyfriend and I love this place!! The yassa fish is my fav. Juices are great too, hibiscus and ginger mmm mmm mmm.
The plantain was so dry and the fact that they only take cash was very inconveniencing. The Poisson fish was really good and the chicken tastes good. Overall an Ok place
I have yet to be truly impressed by any of the African restaurants I've been to.  While my meal here was fine, overall, I can't imagine returning.

For appetizers, we split beef patties and plantains, which were both quite good.  The entrees, though, were not as great.  My whole fish sautéed with onions and peppers and served with a side of rice was decent.  My girlfriend's dish, however - stewed lamb with okra - was completely inedible.  The server was very nice, however, and took it off the bill without us asking.  My friend got the roasted chicken, which he said was quite good.  The ginger juice had a decent flavor, but was incredibly sweet.

The restaurant itself was fairly unremarkable, although the service was fairly good.
I'm pretty sure they cast some kind of spell on the grilled fish because it is nothing short of magical. And the prices are unbeatable for sit-down service.

A word of advice though,  I'm not sure if this is a style of the cuisine, but they are sometimes a little heavy on the raw onions. I like onions myself, but if you are used to we'll cooked onions only you might want to ask them to only use a little (the server is always really nice!)

I have tried almost everything on the menu and I am seriously impressed by everything they serve. Bring a bottle of wine and enjoy yourself. Despite the outside, the atmosphere is pleasant. And don't worry, this isn't the type of food that's "for the adventurous only". Even the pickiest will find something they like.
FRICKIN DELICIOUS!!! The restaurant is really small, but the food is fantastic and cheap. We (party of 8) called the day of to reserve seats and had to change our reservation around last minute, and the staff was pleasant and accommodating. I'd highly recommend this restaurant!
Totally fun.  Great food.  Friendly service.  As authentic as can be ( I think).   Yassa fish and ginger juice are my new fav food combo

Don't forget to ask for the house hot sauce!!!

( it's a strip mall ethnic restaurant so don't think white tablecloth but think finger licking good and family friendly.  )
