Kim's is a long-time favorite of mine and a stable in the Korean food community. This is an old style spot where you cook your own BBQ just like you like it. 
I went there recently with a friend named John who is Korean just to prove a theory. And I was right. If you are lucky enough to eat there with a Korean person you will get more side dishes and the best choice of cuisine than if you where non-korean. 
This doesn't bother me at all and I was glad John came along!  We ordered a hot, steamy bowl of Yuk Gae Jung and a double order of Kalbi ribs. The server took our order and then set up the grill for us to cook the Kalbi ribs to our liking. 
While we were cooking and drinking Soju, a Korean adult beverage that was refreshing and potent, the server set out enough of the side bowls of rice, veggies and bits of seafood to feed a family. There was kimchee, rice, turnips,raddishes, small sardine fish and much more. Most of the dishes were unidentifiable to me, but I tried them all. We cooked and ate, cooked and ate and ate! We wrap some of the Kalbi ribs in a leafy greens and lettuce and added a sweet steak sauce and I even put kimchee inside the lettuce wrap. I love kimchee and could eat it with every meal. 
While I was grilling, the heat from the grill and the heat from the spicy food was making me sweat, but no problem here, the server came over and gently wiped my brow when necessary. The food and service were excellent, I was stuffed and satisfied and I can't wait to return to this fun, family oriented restaurant for more Korean love.
Far up north 5th street, far past Temple, past a handful of dicey neighborhoods are a few blocks of pure, unadulterated Koreatown.  It seems that all the good Korean in this city must be reached via car or a very long subway ride. Last week, Mark S. organized a Korean BBQ dinner pilgrimage to Kim's Restaurant that was all I ever dreamed of and more.

One of my favorite parts about Korean BBQ is the everything's meant to be shared style of eating that seems to be catching on everywhere these days. As soon as we walked in, I knew this place was gonna rule. We ordered two enourmous plates of meat to share: the Kalbil (short ribs) and the Doeji Bulkoki (pork in hot and spicy sauce) and two orders of Bipbimbap.The plentiful banchan (side dishes in the little white plates) overflowed onto our table immediately after ordering.

There was a good mix of kimchi style veggies, veggies with a light marinade that had sesame oil, garlic, vinegar and chili, and a cooked fish pancake-like thing. It was the best banchan I've ever had, much better than any place I've tried in Philly. The seaweed was my favorite thing. Unlike any seaweed preparation I've had, a little vinegary, garlicy and sweet using seaweed of the perfect texture.

We were digging into the banchan when a guy arrived at our table with a heavy iron grill top and hot charcols to fill the center of the table. No electric here people! You just can't get the same BBQ flavor. We salivated like a pack of hyenas stalking defenseless baby impala in anticipation of the arrival of the meats.The meat plates came with a joyous cheer from the table. Everyone looked like they were first in line at Walmart on Black Friday for the cheap 60 inch TV.

We dug in, placing the meats carefully on the grill and adorning them with the extra garlic. I also think that half the fun of Korean BBQ is cooking the food yourself! The short rib was a religious experience, the most tender, fresh cuts of meat, perfectly marinaded to a beautiful sweet-savory equilibrium in a mixture definitely containing soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil and garlic. The pork was equally delicious, having more of a spicy, savory marinade; it contrasted nicely with the short ribs that had a little sweetness to them.

The meats came with generous helpings of rice, lettuce for wrapping and the ssamjang, a delicious dipping sauce made of fermented bean and chili paste, sesame oil, onion and garlic. All we could talk about was how delicious the food was while we ate.

The bibimbap was also excellent but took second place to the meats. The bowl could have been hotter because no crispy rice was attained! But the veggies and meats inside were top notch.

The simplicity of a Korean BBQ meal doesn't really need much more explanation than that. We couldn't say enough about how delicious Kim's was. It also has a really nice atmosphere for eating, talking and bullshittin' with a large group of friends. End the night with the FREE ice cream from the serve yourself ice cream bar! If you love Korean BBQ and you have a friend with a car you must find yourself Kim's in the very near future. I am already looking forward to my next meal here.

PICS HERE:
http://www.iloveporkbun.com/post/2375019072/kims-restaurant-a-korean-bbq-paradise
I was looking for a good korean BBQ restaurant and got so angry because Philly proper doesn't have anything to really offer. In my fit of rage I googled Best Korean BBQ in Philly, all that popped up was Kim's BBQ in the north east. I convinced my friend (Who was equally craving Korean BBQ) to drive up to Kim's. Best food decision of 2013 thus far (the year is still young). 

First off, we got Bulgogi and Kalbi that was marinated in a wonderful sauce. The meat was grilled on the table utilizing charcoals! I'm used to the regular electric grill, but now after eating off the charcoals I don't think I can go back. Oh and it also helped that the meat was perfectly spiced and delicious! I really don't know how to express how happy I am to write this review so if it seems very broken I apologize, my grammar is negatively affected when I'm feeling super excited.
Kim's is an ordinary, full-of-smoke restaurant, yet one of the most authentic Korean BBQ places I've ever been to. Starting from eating Japanese BBQ (Yakiniku) back in the old days, I've transitioned to eating Korean BBQ because there isn't really a Japanese BBQ restaurant here in Philly. 

Starting with the banchans, the Korean-accented servers will bring out some rice and lettuce to go with your choice of meat. After the "real charcoal grill" comes out, you're ready to grill. Grill your meat, dip it in Gireumjang (The salt and sesame oil dip) when it's done, put it on the lettuce with rice and Kimchi, simply the best coordination. 

We usually end up paying $20~$30 per person for all the meat, and it's fairly reasonable since the quality of the meat were very good, and you're getting a "real charcoal grill" instead of a gas grill. One thing I didn't really like about the restaurant is that the server constantly grills for you. It's a good service but sometimes they kind of force you to eat...

Recommendations:
1. All the banchan (Side dishes, plenty of them, and free refills)
2. Galbi (Marinated beef short ribs, awesome and the flavor is simply AWESOME)
3. Samgyeopsal (Fat pork belly, not marinated, grill it until crispy and it's super delicious)
4. Beef Tongue (Thin slices of beef tongue, has a chewy texture)
 
Above-Pars:
1. Seafood Pancake (Tasted more like Chinese scallion pancake LOL)

Sub-Pars:
1. Self-serve Ice Cream (Not bad, but simply cheap compared to the BBQ restaurants in Asia where you get Häagen-Dazs, Mövenpick, and Meiji for FREE as well. Amazing isn't it?)

Kim's is all about authenticity, despite its inconvenient location at Olney, it's definitely worth the travelling! (BTW, it also has several free parking spots outside)
I would literally salivate from the parking lot... The scent of delicious barbecued meat can be picked up from half a block away. They claim to be one of very few Korean BBQ restaurants, if not only, to actually use a charcoal grill instead of a gas grill. There is definitely a difference in taste with the charcoal grill - its much smokier and livelier

This place has excellent service! The servers are very friendly and attentive. The servers would even grill the meat for me.. maybe because I look like I'm about to burn myself :( But there are plentiful side dishes - the pickled cucumber and thin fish patties are among my favorites. For dessert, you are offered complimentary cinnamon tea and/or icecream.

Word of advice - leave your jacket in the car if you don't want it to smell like food.
This review is for those who have never been to a korean restaurant, i'm as far from a purist as it gets.

Came here for lunch, it's in an area of philly that I wouldn't want my mom walking around at night by herself, but...walk in packs i guess.

Upon entering, the smell of charcoal and wood is robust, you feel like this place get some serious usage.

Generous seating area, decor is nice enough without being stuffy.  The tables are all for 6 people, with a rectangle curout in the center for the grill.  After ordering, shortly after your table is delivered a super hot charcoal grill. 

What I ate: Kallbil (short ribs) and Samgyupsal (pork belly).  The short ribs were served in a way that the meat was removed from the bones and cooked, and then the  bones were cooked.  Tender, flavorful, with great char flavor, pairs really well with the seemingly 100s of accompaniments.  The pork belly was fatty as expected, however, upon cooking, much of the fat rendered off leaving bacon-like strips of meat that were life affirming.  We also shared a onion and pepper korean pancake, savory, cripsy, spicy, a filling appetizer that easily serves 6.  Just when we were about to tap out, we find out they serve free ice cream!  For clarification on how the meat is cooked, the server cooked the food for us, not sure if this was the case because it was our first time, or if this is the norm.  It was nice to have him around.

Overall the food was great, plus, if you just eat the bbq with the lettuce wraps, its a relatively healthy, low carb meal as well.
Good food. Service could improve. Best thing...self serve ice cream.
This place might not have the coziest ambience.

This place might not be in the hippest neighborhood.

This place might not be what you want to smell like afterward.

BUT.

None of that matters because this is THE best Korean food in Philly.  Skip any Center City joint immediately and most of the spots in North Philly.  Kim's has an excellent authentic menu boasting huge portions of BBQ at a fantastic price.  Definitely go with at least 4-6 other people, so you have enough folks to sample the menu.  My family and I usually order two orders of bulgogi, jab chae, scallion pancakes (vegetarian), and spicy seafood soup.  Wash it all down with a cold beer...and perhaps some free ice cream, too.
My family and I would come here regularly all the time when I was younger and we randomly stopped by on a weekday. The place hasn't changed much which isn't a bad thing. 

We got the regular galbi and the spicy galbi. The food overall was clean and good, but the gwen jang jigae was really delicious! It wasn't made out of beef stock and so it was very refreshing and just amazing. They also have self serve icecream which I enjoyed at the end. There wasn't anything bad to say about the food or the restaurant. 

All the staff were very friendly and attentive, which made our time there very pleasing. 

I had a very satisfying meal and service! And I'll definitely be back again.
I know nothing about authentic Korean food, so i won't even front. What I do know, however, is some tasty ass bbq when I see it. Kim's is most def off the beaten path, but most def worth the trip out to it (Coming from Bella Vista, we drove. But I think the 47 stops right there). The wait staff was awesome, and the food was just delicious. 

Heres the deal: at your table there is room for a small charcoal grill in the table with a vent over it. They bring out the small grill, charcoals loaded and lit, and place it on your table. Then you can order large plates of raw meat that has been marinading in bbq mixtures for lord knows how long. They also supply with with all manners of "condiments," such as kimchi, tofu, small scallion pancakes, pickled veggies, and some great dipping sauces (not sure what they were to be honest). You cook up your meat, throw it in these giant lettuce leaves they hook you up with, add all the condiments you want, and rock it out like a giant bbq lettuce taco (I know - awesome.) Sooooooo freakin good. I went with a largish group (8 people). We called ahead and they stuck us at a really long table that could seat about 16 in a room semi-removed from the main floor. We got plates of bbq pork, chicken and beef (they have pork ribs too, but that will have to wait for next time). It was all really tasty. They have a full Korean menu too, but honestly why would you come here and not grill and chill?

Probably more appealing though than the awesome food is just how much fun this place is. Its a great place to go with a group, and just take turns working the grill, adding garlic cloves and sliced jalepenos to your grilling strategy as you go. They have a decent selection of Asian beers and the staff was pretty attentive. It's not terribly expensive either for what your getting. We all stuffed ourselves and it ran each of us about 30 dollars. Highly recommended for groups, dates, grill masters, and bbq freaks.
Kim's is good for Northeast Philly. Came for a friend's birthday with a group of 6. Two of them are frequenters of Kim's so we followed their lead. We got seafood pancake, soondubu, two orders of kalbi, cow tongue, and pork belly. I've had better seafood pancake and soondubu elsewhere, so my recommendation is stick with the BBQ meat! For 2 orders of kalbi, it ran about $56. It isn't the typical thick meat I was use to, but rather more like bulgogi thin slices (unless they got our order messed up, not sure). The flavor was good though. The pork belly was eh, I had better elsewhere. I do however highly recommend the cow tongue! It doesn't sound very good, but if you don't think about what you are eating, it is actually surprisingly VERY GOOD!! I don't think it is a very popular option, so if you are ever at Kim's.. order it!! 

They give you free ice cream which you scoop yourself. That was an interesting concept. Be prepared to smell like smoke because the second you walk in, you will get a whiff of it. They have a small parking lot, but more likely than not, it will be full, but there is plenty of nearby street parking. If you are in the mood for soondubu, go to the other tofu place nearby (forgot the name, sorry!)
I ventured out from center city to try Kim's, which seems hyped to be one of the best in the Philly area. There were 4 of us, which was a good number to try and share different dishes.

We ordered the short rib and pork belly (C1 and C9), seafood pancake (or "Saefood Pan Cake" ha), and buckwheat noodles (G9). The banchan came out quickly, and there were approximately 12 of them, which was impressive. They were all tasty, and included a variety of pickled or sweetened vegetables like green bean, cucumbers, seaweed, mushroom, soy beans, potatoes, and fish cakes.

Next the server cooked our pork belly and short ribs. The service was much appreciated, they lay the meat, flip it, cut it, and serve it to you. The pork belly is not marinated, you dip it in a salt and pepper sesame oil. The short ribs are marinated and you dip it in another sauce and eat it with lettuce or rice.

The seafood pancake was good, more doughy than seafood, but that was ok with us. And the cold buckwheat noodles are a good contrast to the savory hot meat. We ended with free self serve ice cream.

Overall, I liked everything: the banchan, meat, service, other dishes. The only thing is that the meat is very expensive (a little over $100 for the two we ordered) and I don't think it's better than ones I've had in NY and LA for less $. But it's a nice place to indulge yourself!
Just had dinner here tonight.  Ordered the kalbi and dolsot bim bim bap.
The kalbi order for 2 is cooked on hot wood coals.  Our waiter was very attentive and actually cooked our entire meal for us at the table.  The kalbi was good.  It wasn't as sweet as I normally like it, but the wood coals gave the meat a nice smoky flavor.
The dolsot bim bim bap (mixed rice with veggies in a hot pot) was very good.  
At the end of dinner, they let you scoop ice cream for your dessert.
Although ownership has changed in the past 2 years, the food and the ban chan that was served was very good.
BTW, when you read the prices for the meats, don't be shocked like my wife and I were.  The price is for a serving for 2 people.
This place was AWESOME. It is not as divey as some people make it out to be--but it is definitely family run. The kids were running around and our various servers all had thick accents. 

But really, the meat was delicious. The sides were plentiful and ranged from hot, to sweet, to tangy, to hot, sweet, and tangy all at the same time. The flavor from the kalbi and pork bulgolgi were awesome. It seemed like they had been marinating for days. 

Be forewarned, however, this isn't dim sum where everything is $1. You're paying for heaping piles of marinated beef. But, one order is enough for two very hungry people. The pancake (also awesome) is about the size of a vinyl record, with mildly spicy peppers and other deliciousness in them. It puts a scallion pancake to shame. 

Its definitely worth the trip back up to olney for this one.
Hands down the best authentic Korean BBQ place in town! The workers other than younger ones dont really speak English but if you want authentic korean food, this is the place to go. One order of beef BBQ is $28.99 plus the tax, but it is so worth the price. With ordering the bbq, they bring out about 20 side dishes and bowl of rice for you to enjoy. It is sort of like an appetizer and side dish for your meal. If you go early, the server literally stands by the table and cook your meat until you are done eating. They use actual fire, charcoal? So the place is a little smoky but I think it makes the dining experience even interesting. 
Go visit this place if you love Korean bbq!
I came here for a friend's bday dinner, set up by his gf.  We were a group of 13 people so they put us in the back room... And forgot about us.  We had to go up there a few times to remind them that we were still waiting for them to take our orders.  

It's pretty gross in this back room, felt really dusty.  We saw multiple bugs back here.  Now if I were with just my bf, I would have left immediately.  But I was with other people (and we decided not to leave ugh).  We just made sure everything was well cooked on the coal grills.  (And I'm still alive and not sick, so I'll give them that).

The meats were okay, nothing spectacular.  A lot of items were 'sold out' so that was annoying.   The only thing I liked was the steamed egg custard.  But I guess they do give you free ice cream...

But yea, I definitely have no reason to come back here (parking lot is small too).  Just stick with Mu-ta or Seorabol.
After reading all of the excellent reviews I was really excited to try Kim's BBQ. Unfortunately, I am very disappointed. Here are several reasons:

1. Environment: This place could definitely use some upgrading. It looks really old and their ventilation systems could be better. This wasn't a deal breaker for me. 

2. MOUSE: The deal breaker was when we saw a MOUSE run across the room. We let our server know and they did nothing about it. They kind of just ignored the problem. Didn't even send anyone to apologize to us. Honestly, who knows what's going on in their kitchen and how they prepare the food. They need to be inspected. 

2. Price : We ordered the BBQ chicken for two. As other people have mentioned the food is pricy and the amount of actual chicken you get with the meal is not worth the price you pay. The do bring out a ton of side dishes which are pretty good. However, you can get better and more affordable food from their competitors Gogi BBQ that is just a few blocks down. 

3. Food: The food was average and did not surprise me at all. I'm not sure what the hype is all about. 

Overall, I am pretty disappointed in this place and will not be coming back. They definitely have a ton of room for improvement. I would probably start by calling an exterminator for the MOUSE!!! If you want to try Korean BBQ I WOULD NOT recommend Kims BBQ. Go down a few blocks to Gogi BBQ instead. They're much cleaner and more affordable.
(I am from South Korea)
 I went there last week with my friends. We had Galbi, which was $59,99 (?). Anyway, it was awful terrible experience. The quality of the meats totally ruined my expectation, considering pretty good reviews of Yelp. 
The amount of meats were basically not enough and the taste was .... I felt like I could make it better than them. 
I really don't want to go there again, and I will never recommend that place.
P.S) The employees were kind.
This is my FAVORITE Korean BBQ place EVER!  I've been going here since I was a little girl with my parents. It's been around forever, at least 15 years. And although they may have changed ownership throughout that time (speculation) it's still got the same casual/Korean country hut style ambiance. OOH! And the best part they still have the BBQ Charcoal grilling stations! Most places now use gas and these steel plate grills, just not the same. There's something about charcoal that makes the flavors of  meat ROCK!

The ladies here are so friendly too, always greeting you when you walk in and saying bye have a nice day when you leave. Love that!

The side dishes too are always plenty and come without much asking. Kind of rare in my experience to have that.

Seriously, if you're ever in the area come check it out! It looks like one of those old diner cars and they did some renovating to it to make it a restaurant with the exhaust pipe stations per table and the guys come bring you your charcoal burning as you cook the meat, it's an awesome experience!

I've also had the stews and the hotstone bibimbap (gopdol bibimbap) it's awesome!

But the only thing, as most Korean places are, the prices are a bit high, so expect to shell out at least $20-$25/per person.
Seriously the best food ever.  I don't really know what to say except that I could eat here every day for the rest of my life because it is good and not that expensive and I love it so much.

IT'S

JUST

THAT

GOOD.
I was originally exposed to Korean BBQ in California back in the day.  Coming over to Philly I did not think I would find a place like Kim's.  I got lucky in that I asked of my Korean residents what's his favorite BBQ place and he recommended this without hesitation.  First of all I think it's one of the best; maybe even the best Korean BBQ I have tried.  I am no expert but I have gotten around!  So from downtown it's quite a drive because of the stop lights and off course the not so great neighborhood.  But once you get there, FLAME ON!  I would not wear my nicest clothes because you are going to end up getting splattered on and end up smelling like smoke.  Also language is an issue but you can get through, it seems the waiters/staff speak English as their second language.  However they are very nice and extremely helpful.

Ambience/Atmosphere:  The place is nothing spectacular.  Simple, clean.  Bench table and seats with a fire pit in the middle for grilling and an overhead vent over the table to evacuate the smoke.  

Parking:  Have their own parking lot!  It's free.  I have come here couple of times in the evening and there is always a spot.  

Menu/Pricing:  There is a variety of Korean dishes on the menu and you can always ask the staff to help you out.  All the BBQ dishes come with several (usually 7-8) side dishes to complement the food.  Pricing honestly is very reasonable for the amount of food you get.  For two - three people one serving of BBQ is pretty filling and good.

-Food:  So no need to freak out here if you have not been to a Korean BBQ.  Once you place your order the center part of your table is removed and a hot coal plate is placed in the middle for your cooking.   You get marinated meat that's not cooked to the table and the staff places several pieces on the plate and get's you started.  They often come by and place more for you, or you can do it on your own.  The area get's smokey but it's a lot of fun.  You can cook the meat to your liking, from rare to burnt dead but the waiters/staff will always come by and help you out and let you know when it's time to take it off the plate and into your mouth!  The meat (I have tried both pork and beef) taste great.  Although I prefer the beef because I felt it was more flavorful; but both were well liked by my friends.  

Great place to take a group of friends who just want to have a good time and have fun eating dinner and cooking up a storm with a raging hot coal plate in front of you.  I am pretty sure it's not BYOB because they do have drinks but I have seen another party bring their own and the staff really did not care (not sure if they knew them personally etc).  But again drinks are very reasonably priced and try the Korean Beer. 

Every time I have been there you get a different variety of side dishes which are "interesting" to the palate.   Some taste great and others are "unique."  I have not had a bad experience and have enjoyed myself and my friends have a great time too.  Only down side is the drive from downtown philly.

-Waiter/Service:  Order at the table and staff brings you everything.  Very friendly and at times language can be an issue but no big deal.

-Would I return? Off course
I went on weekdays on dinner time. Bachan was a lot, but it seems the portion of each bancan just like one spoon. I have no complain, since only some of them are my fave.
We order 2 choices of meat: spicy kalbi and slice pork.
Both meats were so good, but i think the slice pork was too little (even when he said one order is for two person's portion) and they charged $3,99 for steam egg.. which is a little stingy considering our meal was more than $100..
It was kinda a little expensive for two person meal, i can get more meats on the other place with that price.

I would like to come back but not too often.
I came from New York to visit my friend in Philly. My friend took me here because he said this is the best place to get korean bbq.

I was little skeptical about this place because i have been to so many other Korean restaurants in K-towns in NYC. I mean, Korean bbq in NYC is amazing, otherwise they can't survive on the land of harshness. 

So, I ordered two portions of Galbi. It was $27.99 per order, so I immediately thought "this is little pricy but it better be good" 

After i put my orders in, they bring you this 12 side dishes for my Galbi!!! I surprised how they provide you this many side dishes, and how each one of the dishes taste so good! 

As you are enjoying your side dishes, they bring you a box of charcoal for my galbi.

Okay, their galbi taste so good. It is just perfect how they marinated. You have this over 12 side dishes along with your galbi in front of you. 

$27.99 for an order of galbi may sound overpriced BUT the way they get you prepared for the meal is definitely worth it. 
I personally would come back again to get myself a blast with this nice Korean food!!!

Thanks guys!!!
Food is okay. The server Are responsive and polite. It's a little bit overpriced. They charge a three star restaurant price in a place looks worse than the basement. Definitely not going back.
This is the perfect place for someone who loves to sample a variety of flavors and take part in the preparation of their own dish, individually and communally.  Fantastic kimchis of varying levels of spicy-ness and crispness.  Soups so steamy you get a facial while you eat.  The serve-yourself ice cream dessert makes for a fantastic finish to a main-event meal.   

Take note: Do not wear clothes that you won't be able to wash for a while.  You leave smelling like a camp fire.
I really wanted to like this place, but it is way too expensive (it ended up costing us about 40 dollars per person) for this neighborhood, and the quality of the food and the ambient could be improved. They need to upgrade their ventilation system and lower their prices. Service was adequate, though. They have potential.
Not a lot of places (even in Korea) offer charcoal for grilling. Like any hardcore legit Korean BBQ place, it's no-frills, a little sketchy, and you may die of carbon monoxide poisoning due to poor ventilation.

Seriously though, this place is awesome. Go here. You will smell like BBQ afterwards, but it is worth it.
Kim's Restaurant is one of the better Korean BBQ joints in Philly, but still very average. Our table ordered the Bulgogi and the Pork Belly. The Pork Belly was good but nothing special - it came to the table frozen and didn't look like it was marinated. For $36, the bulgogi was overpriced and a bit of a disappointment. It was not very flavorful and was cut up into tiny little pieces - a lot of which got stuck to the grill and pretty much went to waste. The servers did most of the grilling for us, which is always a plus. 

We also ordered the seafood pancake and the spicy beef and veggie stew. Both were delicious! The banchan was also pretty impressive, I think we got somewhere between 10-15 side dishes. Free self serve ice cream is also available at the end of the meal, but again, nothing special.
Prices were reasonable, the place was clean, service was really good, and the beef was delicious.  No complaints here.  Charcoal grilling and plenty of side dishes to accompany our order made for a full and satisfying meal.  We went on a sunday evening so I'm not sure how crowded it can get but we are looking forward to going back soon.
The restaurant itself seems to be in need of a major renovation as the ventilation system isn't the best and the air conditioning is not the best.

I generally vote on the food and the food was actually not bad. We ordered  the ribs (galbi) and the spicy version, as well as bulgogi, seafood pajun, and the pork belly. The meats weren't disgustingly sweet like some places like to make, and the marinades were all decent. 

The grills were well..not really true grills but a container of coals that they bring to you and a grill that they just stack on top of it--kind of ghetto.

I can't say that I'll be in a hurry to come back ever, but it wasn't a terrible experience either. Maybe if they found a more suitable location, or just renovated to a proper restaurant. with clean facilities.
I've been here many times already and I love their Gal Bi (Short Ribs).  Their sides dishes are good and the service is great.  It's kind of a hole in the wall place and no one really speaks English but when I want some Korean BBQ, this is one of favorite options.
Friendly service; decent food.  A nice out of the way joint, that serves fairly standard Korean food. 

I wouldn't make a special trip to visit, but if I was in the area, I wouldn't object to trying it again.  (Although there's likely places I'd prefer to try for the first time.)
I kinda wished I waited at my other location for a table vs driving here and waiting probably the same amount of time. The place is small and filled with smoke from the BBQ. It burned my eyes pretty bad. They really do need to upgrade their venting system. 

The food was just ok. Sides were plentiful, but nothing really WOWed me.. My favorite dish was probably their jap chae. It was very flavorful, but I felt it lacked a few veggies that other Korean spots use. This was my kids favorite as well (they ate the whole thing and wanted more).

We also ordered the soondubu (soft tofu with seafood). The server came by with the bbq beef and soup at the same time, but left the tofu soup on another empty table, so I thought it might not have been ours. After about 10 minutes, the server never came back and left the soup at the empty table.  I then was like "oh, maybe that was mine..." and went over and grabbed it off the table. At that time, my egg was basically fully cooked and I didn't really get to stir it up to my liking.

BBQ beef marinated in mild sauce was just meh. The beef was cut incorrectly so it was beyond chewy. I had to cut the pieces up really small in order for my kids to break it down ok without choking.

I don't think I'll be back. if I do, it'll probable be just for the Jap Chae and it'll be to go.
I can't really claim this is the best Korean food in Philly, since I haven't actually eaten Korean food anywhere else, but this is definitely a good place to eat!  I've been going here for as long as I can remember (literally, it's the one restaurant my entire family always agrees on) but so far I've only ever eaten the Bulgolgi, and tried their dumplings. If I've eaten anything else, I don't remember it, which means it wasn't amazing and the dumpling weren't great, but the Bulgolgi is amazing! Thankfully, my boyfriend is more adventurous than my family, so we're hoping to try out a different dish the next time we go (maybe something spicy?) The decor sucks as does the location if you're not used to it...but whenever I go I'm treated well (I think they recognize me by now) and get free dessert teas. The banchan rocks my socks too!
Here's my Korean joint in Philly. This place is legit for Korean BBQ (good for K-food newbies), but also carries other delicious and/or kimchi-heavy menu items for the homesick/more adventurous. Tons of ban chan come with the table, including egg jjim (boiled egg in a stone pot, nice and fluffy), and prices are REALLY reasonable. The galbi was sliced pretty thin, which I think makes it different from other Korean bbq places, and it was very flavorful. We also got the grilled bulgogi (amazing), a mandu guk (dumpling soup), and a kimchi ji gae (kimchi soup). I loved each and every thing that came from the kitchen. 

Kim's is great for groups, has fantastic service, and even takes reservations. Oh! They also give you free ice cream for dessert after the meal! An interesting tidbit--the owner said that the restaurant was featured on the Food Network. I've been looking for the article/blog entry/whatever to no avail; will update when I find it. Still, cool nonetheless.

Ahhhh, it's so refreshing to go to a decent Korean restaurant in Philly after enduring mediocre and overpriced for so long.
This is my favorite  korean restaurant in philly... huge portions and absolutely delicious.  It's so much fun cooking on the charcoal grills.  The service is excellent...they are very attentive and sweet  If you're looking for beautiful ambience this is not the place for you... kinda tacky and horrible lighting.  It's also in a sketchy part of town
but who cares it's absolutely worth going... if you can find it
I remember going to Kim's back in the 80's with my family as a kid and the place is still there, serving the same great food I remember. The banchan is plentiful and fresh, the staff is still friendly and helpful, and best of all the kalbi still brings back memories of delicious family meals.

I usually only order kalbi here, and what separates them from most other places is that they still use traditional charcoal grills to cook the meat. Several other restaurants have moved to gas grills which is okay, but lacks that special flavor that comes with a charcoal grilling. Also, the meat they use (at least all the times I've gone) isn't too fatty or cut too thick/thin.

The only thing working against Kim's is the location which, at a cursory glance, looks a bit sketchy.

Other than that, this is probably the most authentic Korean BBQ place in Philadelphia that still provides a quality meal at a reasonable price. My favorite place to get Korean BBQ.
This is my ultimate fave place! A little out dated and it has this mom and pops feel to it but I guess that's what keeps it packed with regulars! It's fun for groups and I love their sides much more compared to the other Korean BBQs in Philly. This is the best of all! Even the nice looking one on Cheltenham! Plus the #Free #IceCream makes me feel like I'm winning!
Decent smoky real-wood Korean BBQ. Not too spicy, good service, grim decor. Free ice cream! I'm still looking for a better one though...
Not as good as it used to be :(

Been going to Kim's since I was a kid and it used to be operated and managed by two lovely old Korean ladies. The meats were marinated so well that you can smell the seasoning the second the meat hit the grill. And you used to get A LOT of meat for each order. 

Sadly, I went there yesterday as their quality dropped a lot. Their meats were barely marinated. It didn't give that mouth watering scent the second the meat hit the grill. Serving of meats are at least 30% smaller. 

Service is still good and the non BBQ dishes are good. 

As a charcoal lover and a long time customer, I really hope they improve and be good as they used to be....
I've never had such mixed feelings about a restaurant, so before I go off writing a novel about this place, I'll just list the pros and cons: 

PROS: 
- good marinated kalbi (for philly standards) at $60 for 2 people 
- they do most of the cooking and cutting for you
- relatively diverse amount of banchan (for philly standards) 
- they use sutbul (or woodchips/coal) to add extra flavor to the meat 
- free ice cream at the end

CONS: 
- this place is OLD and JANKY
- ~$45 for 1 order of partially frozen pork belly (which would cost ~$7 at a grocery store and maybe $20 at another restaurant) 
-~ $45 for 1 order of bulgogi (which would cost ~$10 at a grocery store and maybe $20 at another restaurant) 
- the grill basically ends when the fire dies naturally... aka you have an unknown time limit to cook your food... AKA if you have 3 pieces of meat left and your fire dies they WILL NOT replace your grill and WILL NOT cook it for you in the back... AKA you waste your $  

You will pay about $35 at the end, which is pretty high for a place that looks as rundown and beat-up as this place. If you have a car, drive 30 minutes out and you can pay the same exact amount for AYCE Kbbq, where they WON'T TAKE YOUR GRILL AWAY FROM YOU BEFORE YOU'RE DONE COOKING your meat (PS. how ridic is that?!).
Worst service ever!! No body serves you until u ask for water for 3 times. The prices were two times higher than one year ago.
PERFECT! I lived in Korea for two years and this is the only place I have found that looks, smells, and tastes exactly like it does in the back alleys of Seoul. Sit down, have some Soju and talk with friends. You will be transported to Korea while your here. It is a bit pricey but it is worth the money.
I have been going here for years, it's a family favorite spot and I like to take friends here because I know the food is going to be food. Honestly, I always get the mae-eun galbi (spicy marinated beef). The marinade is banging, I highly recommend it if you like spicy. The difference at Kim's is the charcoal grill, there is no other place in Philly like this. 
I always receive great service when I come here, always willing to grill for us although I prefer to do it myself. Sometimes, it's nice when someone else is doing it :) Friendly to talk to the servers, I had a convo with one of the ladies who work there on the difference at Kim's. She said it's very expensive for them to keep up with the charcoal grilling but they are committed to serving good food to customers. 

I just love everything about this place!! I could keep going but if you're in Philly and want good Korean BBQ, this is the place!
Be prepared to leave smelling like Korean BBQ. This place was great. The service and food were phenomenal (oh the pork belly!). One of the wait staff introduced us to a Soju Bomb and gave us a lesson on how to drink Soju. Had a really good time and will definitely be back!
not all you can eat but you can't beat the charcoal flavor in the meat. there's more side dishes than I've ever seen in a Korean restaurant. A bit pricey but a worthwhile experience.
awesome place for korean food!  very authentic. dont forget the self-serve dessert ice cream :)
Took my Cousin out there! For it being his first time eating Korean he was very impressed and so was I. The side dishes were great. The lady who owns the place had cooked the BBQ for us and served us as we'll cuz she saw that my Cousin had a cast in his arm. I'm would definitely come back here. It's highly recommended!
Admittedly I am new to Korean BBQ, so take my review with a grain of salt.  Kim's is a fair bit out of the way for Philly, just past an unusually eclectic neighborhood.  We parked a few blocks away, but realized that Kim's does have a small parking lot when we got there.  From the outside, the establishment doesn't look like much, but the inside is comfortably appointed.  Not fancy or romantic -- though really, a big smoking grill at each table is not really conducive to intimacy -- but pleasant.  

Like someone pointed out, their charcoal grills are apparently unique.  I do like their nifty fume hood system for each table, though when lowered it does impede the view of the person across the table... again, not super romantic, but you can shift over one seat if you actually want to see each other :)    We got the spicy beef bulgogi, which was delicious, and not overly hot.  I've had bulgogi before, but this was even more delicious, piping hot crusted with charred bits... there's something very satisfying, too, about grilling your own meat.

The pile of meat was very generous, intended to be split between two people, which left the two of us quite stuffed (but not unpleasantly so).  At the urging of the proprietor(?) -- I am slightly afraid of middle-aged Korean women -- we had a fried dumpling appetizer, which were good, but unnecessary food in our meal.  We also enjoyed the assortment of side dishes that came with the meal almost as much as the meat itself.  The pickled ones were very delicious and refreshing, and contrasted nicely with the smokiness of the meat (beer also worked well with the meal).  My least favorite of the sides was the seaweed salad.  It tasted greasy and heavy, unlike most seaweed salads.  I also had mixed feelings about the fruit salad.  Mixing Asian pear and pear with a mayo-based sauce seems almost sacrilege.

I was a little disappointed by the lack of a mixed-meat sampler option.  I think this place would be best for a family or a group of friends, (a table typically seats 6) so you can get a variety of entrees and try them all.
First thing I noticed when I walked in was how smoky the place was but it also smelled wonderful. The grill is a lot more different than I've ever experienced, it's super hot and the charcoal is super close to you, i'm not a fan. The spicy pork is reallllly good and spicy which I love. I wish they had the scallion green onion salad most korean bbq's have to wrap your meat in. The buckwheat cold noodles were perfect and my boyfriend got the yook gae jang which was amazing. 

All in all place was "okay" I've had better bbq before for a cheaper price. It's quite pricier than the other ones in Olney area. I would recommend that they get a better ventilation system for the restaurant, there's so much smoke and it's hot.
Kim's has excellent food.  I was a Korean food newbie.  Never tried kimchee(good).  the beef was kalbi and good served with a short rib.  also came with 10 side dishes, definitely not diner food.  i ate most of it. excellent service with tea and ginger tea at the end.  not being Asian or from the area, i felt like i traveled to another land of wonder. thank you
no other korean bbq has compared with this place yet in my book. this is no cc joint. it's real, authentic korean fare with real wood grills to cook your meat on. the ban chan is excellent and extensive, the meat fresh and plentiful, and the pancake is to die for. we always over order and over consume. the food is excellent, the atmosphere casual and family style. 

our favorite meat options are the spicy pork (?), kalbi, bulgoki, pork belly. we don't love the octopus which we find to be kind of tough and chewy. 

it does get smoky in this place, so be prepared to walk out smelling like a campfire...or a pork belly/bacon campfire to be specific. which, let's be honest, i don't mind so much. but if you're looking to do anything else later that night keep this in mind. i always feel like i need a nap and a shower after eating here.
Go here! It's worth the trip. Authentic eats. If you're not familar with the area this place in in the hood, but don't let that you deter you.
Kim's Restaurant de-virgined me of my Korean BBQ experience. This place was my first partner where Korean food is involved. I fell in love upon my first swallow.

That was six years ago...now after so many owners changing hands, it's hard to say. I still consider this as one of the best Korean BBQ places in North East Philadelphia, but I would not say that it is one of the best in town. I've been here through three different owners and the taste of the meat remained the same, except for the quanity. It seems like with each changing of owners, the quantity went drindled. 

The side dishes were as tasty as ever... and I must say, if they were going to cut down on the quanity of the dishes, you should also lower the prices. 

This is my two cents... my last experience was nearly a year ago. Maybe it's gotten better...?
Food great.  Service sucks.  I don't care how good the food is, if the service stinks like it did for my first visit, it can really be a frustrating experience.  We had a table for 8, and we were sitting in front of two BBQ grilling stations.  They thought they were going to be slick and only send out one grill.  Sort of pissed them off when we (1) asked for another grilll, and (2) when we asked for help in cooking the food.  I came to the restaurant to have dinner, not cook mine.  Was it crowded?  No, not at all.  A Sunday night, was only half full for most of the evening.  To be fair the food is very appealing.  But the poor service killed it.  Will not return.
There is so much hype about the Korean BBQ here so I went with people when they said they wanted to go. I ended up not getting the Korean BBQ because if it's outrageous price. It's costs so much per serving for any meat and all because it's... Cooked on a charcoal grill? I did get to snag pieces here and there from my friends and it did a have a unique and very distinct taste because if the charcoal but I don't think it's worth the price. 

The only reason why I'm giving the 3 stars and not 2 is because if the massive for portions they give you. I got the stone pot bibimbab and it was a struggle to finishing it because of the sheer amount of food. The side dishes they give you is also very good. And the best thing for me there and I'm sure this was mentioned every other posts is the free ice cream! They have strawberry and butter pecan. I thought both were fantastic. I also went there famished so the ice cream really hit the spot. 

I wouldn't go there for Korean food just cause I can find other places that in my opinion are better and cheaper but it is an experience (I guess...) For the "one of a kind" Korean BBQ
Excellent!
Lots and lots of side dishes and they are all very good.
Bbq is superb!
We always order the Sam gyup sal and Kalbi
The best korean in Northeast Philadelphia

4th time visit
We are regulars here. It's our first time eating lunch and we just noticed that the tax they put on the bill was high. It was not specified. It just got added on automatically and when i computed the total we paid about 16% in taxes for the food. It should never go more than 7%. I complained but they never adjusted. Just beware. The food is great but what they did was not fair.
If you've been looking for authentic Korean food off the beaten track (read:  Center City), Kim's BBQ is the place.  While the Upper Darby area's Korean neighborhood is being pushed out to make way for commercial interests, the one in Olney is alive and well.

It appears the restaurant is in a sketchy area of town, but they employ a bouncer/security guard to watch over the well-lit parking lot.  This is nice particularly because they are open late.

The menus are clear and easy-to-read; the staff extremely friendly and conversant in English.  (Hey, some of us are still learning Hangul.)  The menu is quite broad - from the 2-person BBQ entrees (for the in-table charcoal grills) down to all the noodles, stews, soups, and appetizers you expect.  We were served 9 assorted banchan - a great variety.

Portions were large and inexpensive:  we ordered a haemul pajeon appetizer (seafood & green onion pancake), jaeyook kimchi bokeum (spicy stir-fried pork and kimchi with tofu), bulgogi gui (marinated thin strips of BBQ beef), kimchi jjigae (kimchi stew with pork), and a bottle of soju.  Rice, gochujang, and doenjang came with the meal.  All told, it was under $60 before tip - and we had another 8-10 meals worth of leftovers.
Deserving of the 4.5 stars. Really good korean bbq, especially for philly. Kalbi and bulgogi both have plenty of great flavor and their prices aren't too bad. Place is comfortable and the last time i came here, i dont remember leaving b/c i had way too much soju! It's been a while since i've been in philly but i need to go back here.
Love the coal grill! Just be prepared to smell of smoke when you leave the restaurant. Marinade was perfect. Sides were plentiful. Ice cream after is fun. Wish we had something like this in Center City.
This place was recommended to M by a Korean friend. It was a good thing because I'm not sure if we would've found this place on our own (although Yelp can take you places...). I was a little unimpressed by the setting. It looks like a barn, it's not your date night type of place but hey, good food comes in many different forms. Now, it's been a while and I can't remember what we ate but I know our server recommended it and it was good. So good that we finished it all. Also, our server was very helpful; we needed that because Korean food is still a mystery to me sometimes! So, friendly service, and there's free ice cream for dessert which is always good. I'm looking forward to coming back.
We went to this highly over rated place for lunch.  But when the waiter tries to pass off Bulgogi (sliced rib eye) as Galbi (short rib) this place deserves 1 star.  Especially for a $23 plate!  (the portions was ridiculous. 1 rib bone and then  bits of rib eye meat)  Add to that a load of MSG in their food and now this place just stinks. Go to a smaller mom & pop joint where quality of food is easier to maintain. Service was just fine- except for the one big lie.  (Kalbi Junshik was ordered- meaning 1 order of grilled short ribs cooked in the kitchen.)
So, gf is feeling some gochujang( korean hot sauce) withdrawal and yelping around for some relief spots this place. Me tired and not Korean BBQ level hungry half grumpily rev up the old wagon on a snowy Philly night cause dammit baby needs her medicine. In we walk from the cold to a flurry of warm greetings and the first smile of the night slips out. Mom Kim seats us and gives us the newbie run down on the menu. So I kinda feign ignorance because heck I love the attention and end up with the spicy kalbi (priced and sized for 2) and gf gets her soup on. Moments later a wood coal hibachi is delivered to the table followed by a dozen assorted sides and kimchees. Mom shortly follows with 2 plates of marinated meat which she spreads out on the grill. As the aroma of the bbq hits me the second smile comes and didn't fade till long after we left. 
If you know Korean food there might be a thing here or there to pick with, gotta ask gf about that. But as for me, from the delicious flavors and aromas to the wonderful inviting service there is much I can recommend.
The food here is always on point. From ordering pork + squid to spicy beef, it always come's out delicious. They have a lot of yummy side dishes too. FREE ICE CREAM!! 

The only that I don't like about this is the ventilation and the grill it self. The ventilation looks old and run down. It looks like they just patched it up with tin foil around it. The grill was this little black charcoal grill that the staff physically put into the table itself. Really? 

Aside from that, if you are coming here for the food this is the place. 

ps. I would like if the staff allowed us to put on the meat on the girl ourselves. It's nice and all but everyone has a preference in how much stuff is on the grill.
Kim's is a fine establishment to go for some Korean BBQ. Although it's in a more sketch part of Philly, it's worth the drive to me. I've been here a few times already, so I'll write a review based on my latest visit. Kim's offers BBQ as well as traditional Korean dishes, but most of my experiences are from the BBQ alone. 

The marinade for the meats are certainly better than the Korean BBQ buffets in the city, but be prepared to spend a little extra if you're used to eating a lot for your money. I think the average for the meats is about $20+. One order should feed about 3 people. They provided little side dishes of about 12 different varieties which was new for me! I'm used to only getting about 6-7 different varieties. 

Try their seafood pancake if you're into that, it's one of the better ones I've had. Shameless warning, but don't get it at Cafe Soho, it's not appetizing over there. We also got an order of the Dolsot Bibimbap (hot stone bowl bibimbap). I was a little disappointed the rice wasn't crisping up as much as I wanted, but it still tasted fresh. 

You can cook the meat yourself if you want, but if it's slow, they should be coming around to help you cook the meat. If you're a fan of ice cream, don't forget to visit their little freezer near the register to get a scoop or two of ice cream. It's nothing special, just your normal gallon of Breyer's or similar of ice cream. It's nothing stellar, but it's certainly better than some of the other places I've tried.

Pro tip: leave your jackets and any outerwear you don't want to smell like BBQ inside the car!
I have to preface this review by saying I know absolutely nothing about Korean food and Kim's was my first and only "real" Korean BBQ experience.

That said, I can't say enough good things about Kim's. The food is delicious, the service is great, the prices are right.... it's a top-notch joint. The first time I came, I ordered dolsot bibimbop, which I've had before at another Korean place my friends brought me to (read: I was playing it safe). I noticed the big charcoal pit in the middle of my table and I was intrigued.

Next visit, I returned with a cadre of 6 people, and ordered two orders of the beef, one spicy, one regular. Two orders ended up being plenty, and we had a blast cooking our meat on the charcoal grill.

Yes, that's right, you cook it yourself at your table. The staff bring you various side dishes, most of which I couldn't identify but all tasted great, and a couple types of toppings for the meat. The aromas of the cooking beef are just wonderful. And the flavor is mind blowing. It's like hibachi, kinda, but you do it yourself instead of having a show.

The prices are very reasonable. Not cheap, but less than what you might expect for the type of experience, amount of food, and overall quality of what you're getting. And at the end, a delicious cup of complimentary ginger tea. And again, all served by helpful, friendly staff (although their English is not so great).

Can't recommend Kim's enough for an awesome Korean BBQ experience.
Coming back here after 6 year hiatus.  This restaurant did not disappoint.  I still crown this restaurant as the best Korean BBQ in America.  Yes, I said it. They use real wood, and not that charcoal or butane flame that we California people are all accustomed to.  The only reason I didn't give a 5 stars is because they could have work on their ventilation system since all those years.  Your clothes are guarantee to reek like korean BBQ but at least you'll leave satisfy with the greatest korean bbq you ever tasted.  The side orders are ridiculous.  Do not even think about ordering bulgogi or ask if it's all you can eat.  Just go for the Galbi and an order of seafood pancake. You will not be disappointed.  O how I wish this restaurant was in the west coast.  I will come back for one last meal before I leave back to California.  A true gem in korean cuisine in Philadelphia.
Good Korean BBQ in North Philly. One of the few BBQ restaurants that understand that you need hellfire hot wood charcoal to produce tasty Korean BBQ kalbi. The meat is flavorful and sliced super thin so it cooks super quick, sealing in the flavor. But price is extremely high for the amount of meat. 61.99 for one order of kalbi. I've never seen such a high price. This is double what they used to charge. They claim that they used to use the small bone but now they used the large bone ribeye meat. I did not see double the meat. On the bright side their sides are fresh and aplenty.
Kim's restaurant is where I come for years now when I am craving Korean food. I dont really need to go anywhere else. :) But I do...because this place is way up North Philly. My dish is simple..bimbimbap rice in clay heat bowl and all those fun side appetizers  and a simple korean egg drop soupthat come with the main dish. Im not a beef bbq person although I have tried it once. Free ice cream.
It's been almost 5 years since I went here, so my review will be based off from then.

The family got kalbi BBQ, and it was delicious! Very flavorful and big portion! The bean stew that came with it was too salty though.
This restaurant was not well-ventilated so all of us came out smelling like charcoal (it was reeeaally bad). Also, I didn't like how the grill changing people ran around with the hot charcoal with the tongs. They literally were running, and I kept thinking that one of them was going to drop it on me, haha.
It was close by home so we wanted to give it a try. Friday evening and we were the first customers there I guess. Friendly staff, nice cozy place. Was craving bbq and soju and that's what we ordered. Had the beef and squid combo which was really pricey for the amount they give you for 2. Flavorful dipping sauce, I like some of the side dishes they offer but the kimchi was not tasty it had an almost spoil very sour taste and I've ate a lot of kimchi before and did not taste like this did. Overall, it was an ok experience.
LOOOOOVE this place. Everything was great! I was looking for a legit BBQ place that actually had the grill. I just might be coming here more often if I ever crave for KBBQ again. Their Kimchi Stew is wonderful!
I came here probably 20 yrs ago and since we were in the area we decided to go back. Place has not changed.  Which is not always a good thing.  Like most reviewers the place is smoky.  Their vents suck. We ordered kalbi which was apparently their special.  $56 for 2 person order.  You can tell good quality kalbi because the meat is still rolled and attached to the bone. This place the meat was sliced up in weird sizes and shapes.  Plus the meat was very thin. Should be double the thickness.  This meat in other places is called jumullock which is sorta scrap kalbi meat that is marinated which is about half the cost. We also ordered samgyulpsal which was mediocre. Grill meat should be thick.  This was thin sliced. Probably to save money.  The only positive about this place was they did give you lots of banchan and they still use real charcoal to give it that smoky taste. Oh service was pretty shoddy too. Had to flag down servers to ask for water.  Never really checked on us or offer to grill up the meat.  Sadly not that many good korean restaurants in philly so this kind of experience is expected around here.
Our friend's client recommended this place. It is not in the best neighborhood of Philadelphia but what the heck. There is mini parking when we got there so that's a plus already. We went inside and it was smoky and we right away can tell we'll be smelling like our dinner after. We got the menu and the prices shocked us but when the server explained how it's two servings, we felt a bit better. The banchan came out and they have a great selection of them; we finished it before our food got there - it's that yummy! We ordered the pork belly and bulgogi and they are good but I've had better with better pricing. The server was friendly and the classic vents adds nostalgia to the place as you can tell that this is an old mom & pops place. We'll be back but we'll most likely visit our regular Korean bbq places before we end up here again...
I've heard such good things about this place and finally stopped by with four friends. It did not disappoint! We got the Kalby so share, as well as spicy pork and dumplings. So much food. I will be coming back!
I freaking love Kim-chi. I love it....and this place makes their own.  When I first walked into this restaurant I was taken back by how cool  the inside of the establishment looked.  Every table is ordained with a charcoal grill in the center.  

Some friends and I went last Friday night to get some Korean BBQ.  The food was wonderful.  Our group of four ordered Korean BBQ with two different types of meat.  We got the spicy beef and the spicy pork.  The spicy pork was incredible.  These meats came with a variety of all you can eat sides which included Kim-chi, pickled vegetables and a variety of dried and cured seafood items.  Everything was fantastic.  

I have one complaint.  Part of the experience of going to a Korean BBQ is the communal activity of cooking your own food at the table on a grill.  They wouldn't let us do this.  Every review that I had read on Yelp suggested that you could grill your own food....(which is the point of having the grill on your table and not in the back of the kitchen).  Servers kept coming over to our table to cook our meat for us.  And we were snapped at when we tried to do it ourselves.  Every time they came over to do this (approx 8 times). I had to get up out of my chair and stand away from the table so that the server could squeeze in and use the grille.  Not to mention when the server would put the meat on the grill he would overcrowd it.  My favorite part of Korean BBQ is when the meat gets char on it...Because the grill was so crowded this didn't happen.  The meat tasted more steamed than it did grilled.  

The food here was awesome!!! But I'm a little upset that we were denied the experience of having authentic Korean BBQ.  It was very annoying to constantly be having someone stand over our shoulders watching us and then making us get out of our seats ever time the food needed cooked/flipped.  

Saddest thing every was watching the meat that we paid for (bill was $110 for four people) get dry and overcooked on the grill because we weren't allowed to touch it and the server was no where to be seen.  

I don't know if he didn't trust us or if he was just trying to get a better tip.  Either way it severely detracted from our enjoyment of this experience.  

And I checked....The server was letting the other tables in the restaurant do their own grilling.  There were 5 other tables grilling...but we weren't allowed. 

The food here is incredible and I will definitely be back.  When I go back they better let me do it myself or I'm going to flip out.
Ok, so as a Korean person the OG spot used to be Sam Won Garden back in the day. When that closed I was torn between driving all the way to Jersey or Seorabol.  I've tried Kim's many times in the past but recently returned to show my fiancee a real wood fired Korean BBQ.  The upside: the banchan is good and plentiful and the kimchi is properly aged, none of that new kimchi crap you run into so often these days. They also have my favorite soju, grapefruit and that is a big seller for me.  The downside: the last kalbi is smaller portion and the quality of meat isn't as great for the price compared to some other spots.  Having said that, the last time we went we had ssamgyupsal, pork belly, and that was amazing and I believe fairly priced. The ice cream at the end was not just regular old vanilla and chocolate.... Try cookies and cream along with birthday cake flavors. My favorite part of this place is that is is family run and it's nice to see diligence when it comes to food service.
This place is amazing!!! It's different than other Korean restaurants as they don't use gas for the grills, just hot coals. The banchan are AMAZING, and the meat portions are huge!!! They even have steamed egg!!! Highly recommended!!!! Korean food can be pretty pricey for the meat dishes, which is the case here, but it's worth it. Since it;s in Olney, I'll only go during daylight hours.
2.5 stars. The waiters were friendly and accommodating but the food was overpriced and definitely not worth a trip back. We were not given rice to accompany the meal or the egg custard dish and portion sizes were extremely small for such an exorbitant price. You would do better to go somewhere else where you don't have to pay $50 for like 10 slices of pork and $25 for half an order of galbi. The banchan was delicious and you were given a lot but that doesn't make up for the expensive meal. 

It was nice to give it a try, to say the least!
Pretty much the best Korean BBQ I've ever had. It's a restaurant where the diners are able to bbq their meats themselves which is kind of hard to find. The portion sizes are huge, and the price is in line with the quality and quantity. The spicy and mild beef and pork is just awesome every time. Their rice is cooked well, and the side dishes given out in the beginning are spectacular. I especially love the fish cakes, and this is coming from someone who doesn't normally enjoy anything fishy!

Their kimchi is great, as expected from any Korean Restaurant. The only 2 gripes I have with this place is that a.) their Jap Chae is very inconsistent. I've been coming here for 6-7 years now, and it's just on and off. Sometimes it is very oily, and others, it's just right. The second complaint is the restaurant is quite dirty. Floors kept unswept, tables are slightly sticky. Fix these 2, and you have yourself a 5 star Korean BBQ.
Pork belly and short ribs are to die for in this place. Service was done in a way to help us understand the dishes and how they compliment each other. Overall awesome experience and would recommend this place
Hidden gem Korean bbq spot. I'm from south jersey but I'll drive here when I need to get my kalbi fix. They have such a big selection of side dishes which is great for me because I'm a bit picky when it comes to sides , I don't eat any spicy sides so that almost always eliminates more than half of them. Service is great , and they grill on charcoal so the meat comes out so tasty! A bit pricey but you get what you pay for! I wouldn't bother with the free ice cream. Doesn't look that sanitary considering it's help yourself. Who knows how many peoples hands have been in there. If you want ice cream go somewhere else, if you want the best Korean bbq in Philly come to Kim's!
If you only frequent Korean bbq buffets-all you can eat, 2 for 1 beer specials on a thursday , you are not worthy of Kim's. This is an institution, an intended-outing or a trek out to Northeast Philly, more in lieu of a vision quest for the tastiest grilled Korean barbecue, certainly in my recent memory. As per my experiences at Korean Eateries in general, service is no nonsense basic. And your gratuity can reflect that.
Food tastes good, service is not bad and decor is simple. It is nothing fancy. However, it is quite pricey for what they are offering. But I have found out that with most Korean Restaurants they are pricey in general. I came here twice with friends. The kalbi seemed overcooked when we had it. And when we cooked our own, it tasted better. I like that they give free ice cream after your meal. 

They are quite popular. Each time I came we had to wait for tables, because it was super crowded. Places like this, it is good to go with a group of people.
Been here now many times, but this last time was after a trip to Seoul, so there's a lot to stand up to. 

Best K BBQ in the Philadelphia area and easily compares to the better places in Ktown in New York. They use real wood, not charcoal, to heat the grill. Service is mixed-it's like having your parents around-their warm but sometimes stern (I guess we all need a talking to now and again)

Kalbi, bulgoki, squid-all delicious. Pajun is good but will come after you've grilled your whole dinner. And if you don't do well with smoke, go to the sundubu place down the street. 

The Korean places in Center City don't compare, so if you have a car and a friend (or more) to go with, this is definitely worth the trip!
I LOVE charcoal grilled Korean BBQ - not a lot of restaurants do it anymore but it gives the meat such AMAZING flavor. That and the smell just permeates your pores.

Came here for dinner with a few friends while in the Philly area. I had taken them out for Korean food years ago in NYC, and now that they were living in PA, had to find a good stand in with outstanding BBQ.

The area around the place is a bit shady, but yay for parking lots where I didn't feel too wary of parking at!

The seafood pajun was awesome (and GIANT), and we ate every bit of the Kalbi (2 orders of the servings for 2). The banchan was plentiful and the servers refilled our kimchis when we ran out.

The one thing that annoyed me was that when we ordered nengmyun to end, the servers told us that they were unable to put the order through because they were too busy. Maybe the kitchen was overwhelmed? I didn't question them but my boyfriend was a bit annoyed (what do you mean they can't??" In their defense, they were slammed on a Saturday night and every table was full.

Regardless, some truly stellar Korean BBQ - and a definitely must-stop when in the Philly area!
This place could have a lot of potential, however, it just didn't WOW me. Prices were a bit on the higher side compared to it's competitors. I thought the plate of meat was going to be plentiful for the price, but it definitely was not. Also, I think they may need to update their venting system. It was beyond smoky in their and burned my eyes after some time.

Beef marinated in mild sauce - ordered mild sauce for the babies. Flavorful, but the meat was cut wrong (with the grain instead of against), so it made eating it chewy.

Jap Chae - this was mine and the kids favorite. It was extremely flavorful and the veggies didn't overpower the dish.

Sides - plentiful. Loved the seaweed and my kids really enjoyed the fish cakes

Soondubu - I liked the broth, but my wife wasn't too fond of it. I didn't like that they crack the egg for you as they didn't really mix it well. There were still big chunks of eggs left (yes, I know some like that, but that's why you let the customer do it)

Ice Cream - scoop yourself and included in the meal. I didn't have any, but it was a hit with guests and my kids

Overall: Pretty authentic, but unsure if I'll be back. I do prefer other spots more.
I honestly love this place and don't understand all the bad reviews. The meat is so tender and tasty, they give you so many side dishes and will refill them if you clean the plate and want more of anything. No, it is not cheap and it's also not fancy. But I have been here multiple times and everything has been so good. Service is great too. And the most fun part is that they have self-serve ice cream for dessert! Usually they will have fun flavors too.
Has this restaurant really closed for good?!?!  Say it isn't so!!!!!  My husband and I have been going here for 32 years, since he first introduced me to Korean food!!!!
