Service (delivery) 5/5
Food arrived hot and nothing leaked but they don't include cutlery or napkins but they did send some condiments.

Food 3-4/5
Chicken Tikka Masala 4/5
It's a lot of sauce to chicken ratio and frankly for the price I expected a bit less sauce and a bit more chicken.

Cauliflower dish (I forget the name) 3/5
Honestly for the cost I felt very let down. It was a red sauce thickened with either cornstarch or some other thickener and it was nice enough but not mind blowing.

I just don't think the whole meal was a good value after tax and tip (free delivery) a quart of each plus rice came to  over $32
How can you not be excited to eat a place called King of Tandoor?  Say it out loud.  Really.  Now say it in a silly voice.  Are you grinning like a dork?  Yes you are.  Why?  Because you are awesome.

Speaking of awesome, the food here is absolutely righteous.  My dining compadres ordered veggie and meat samosas (killer!) to start, plus chicken tikka masala (outstanding!), chicken dumpakht (it's like a magical Indian chicken pot pie), and veggie korma (creamy-good).   I ordered my standard litmus test for an Indian place: plain ol' chicken tikka (not chicken tikka masala), and hot damn, my socks were blown off.

Dude, if you can make chicken breast chunks on a hot plate so mind-blowingly exciting that we're yelling Hallelujah, then ninja, you *are* the KING of TANDOOR.


(The fine print: Yeah, like everyone else said: The service is pretty bleh, but the food is so good you won't care.)
YUMmy

Everything we've tried here so far has been delish; my favorite so far is the vegetable samosa (nicely cunchy, not greasy, and a tad spicy), and the chicken saag (most flavorful I've had, and this is my go to dish for indian food). They have a nice size menu, and prices are in line with most places around, which may be a little high, but the portions are really big. Good to share an entree for two, or have enough for lunch the next day. The guys that work here are super nice, happy to explain what any mystery sauces are, and we've gotten complimentary rice pudding with the bill.

*We just got delivery from them the other week: they delivered down to GHo, quickly enough that the dishes and naan were still hot.
Delicious takeout!  What a surprise for delivery in Rittenhouse!

We ordered our standard - saag paneer (spinach w/ cheese) and tandoori chicken with garlic and aloo naan.

Our food was still piping hot when it arrived and the price was just right (approx. $30).  The portions were so large, we had enough for dinner the next night.

I can't wait to visit the restaurant in person.
2.5 stars.

I had high hopes for a killer Indian dinner, and after reading reviews here I had my sights set high -regretfully the food was disappointing despite the great service. 

Huge space, lots of seating,  dining room very dimly lit (but can make for a romantic dinner), white starched tablecloths and napkins, servers are in vests and ties and are friendly and helpful.

Food was average at best.  From samosas, to salads and the actual entrées themselves, there was no depth or complexity of flavors, with no additional or interesting ingredients.  Most of the meat was often dry, not terribly tender, as if it were dropped in the stewed mixture as an afterthought and at the last minute

With the most expensive main course items costing around $16.95 for the mixed tandoori grill (average lamb, chicken, fish, and vegetable items costing around $10.95 to $13.95), the entire meal is really affordable, but the portions are quite small.  

We ordered a smattering of lamb and chiken dishes, including the tikka and vindaloo along with the chicken dumpakht, which I was told was the restaurant's signature dish.  None of these items were particularly memorable or very good.

Highlight of the whole dining experience though, was the terrific service.  Attentive, prompt and informative.  They also gave us a bunch of free and unexpected little treats, little servings of sweet rice pudding for dessert and a free mango dessert for my friend whose birthday we were celebrating. (without us having to request it!)
Walked by this place one day at lunch and thought hey I gotta eat there sometime. Well I finally did last night and am sooo happy that I did!

It was a bit awkward at first because we were the only people in there (why? I think they do most of their business via take out and delivery) We brought along our own bottle of wine...I wasn't sure if it was BYOB but we called ahead of time and they confirmed it was.

Ok now to the good stuff...the food!
We started with the vegetable samosas which came out with 3 house sauces, a spicy cilantro chutney, a sweet and sour sauce and a sauce that looked similar to pico de gallo with tomatos and onions. All 3 were awesome with the hot out of the fryer samosas.

We ordered malai kofta (vegetable balls in a cream sauce), chicken tikka masala and chicken malai (chicken in coconut sauce). The bowls came out and I was like that's all!?! but once we started eating we realized it was a trick on our eyes as we were well beyond full before we were even near finishing the dishes! We ordered 3 types of naan to go with our meal--the onion, garlic and plain. Also fabulous and very hot when served. Out of the 3 of us no one could finish their entire meal--We were STUFFED! The waiter even brought out some rice pudding as a complimentary dessert, which of course we made some room in our full tummies for :)

Everything was so extremely fresh and served hot. The waitstaff was awesome and right on top of everything. The owner came over and asked how everything was and asked if we would hopefully be returning...I Most definitely will be!
This is me doing the Chicken Tikka Masala dance.... shaka shaka dip dip, stab chicken, insert into naan.... jive across kitchen with mouth full.  

Repeat later, inserting shaka-shaka put leftover tikka in microwave and eat for a second meal!

Also the rice pudding dance comes later, it is similar in style but has a cinnamon-and-cardamom solo section.
Visited again on Friday night. They have toned the heat of the dishes down a lot. Everything we ordered was relatively mild. So if you like spicy food, you will have to ask for it.

The rice pudding is still one the best things I have ever eaten. And the garlic nan and mango lassi are great, too.

Also, the  Chicken Dumpakht is my new favorite dish. It's like indian chicken pot pie. I have had it delivered and it always shows up extremely hot and fresh from the oven- never soggy.
we've eaten their food a couple times, takeout and dine-in.  

there's a paneer dish, can't remember what it's called but it's in the "sweet and sour" sauce that's pretty amazing.  veg samosas are fabulous as well.  the rice is certainly better quality and more flavorful than some competing north philly indian establishments (*cough*tiffin*cough*ekta*) and the nan is fresh and tasty. 

the chat appetizer is where they went horribly wrong, which is surprising because it's probably the easiest thing to make!  all of the flavor of this dish were watered down by the addition of iceberg lettuce, which should not be there!  that aside, it was a good meal.  beware frequent upsells from the servers, but otherwise good service.  pretty dining room.
I had been  spying this establishment for about two weeks trying to figure out if it was opening or had just closed and about two days after I came to the wrongful conclusion that it had recently closed I saw a sign up announcing their opening on the 19th of June. Well today I stopped by after a job in the area to give it a try for lunch. They were not yet open, they open at 1130 I was there a little after 11, so I looked through their menu and was peeking inside when a woman walking past told me that she had tried it for dinner last night and it was delicious. I was happy to hear this as my last try of Indian in the city for lunch was gawd awful. I dont even remember the name of the place thats how terrible it was.
I came back a little after they opened and immediately felt bad for showing up in my bike messenger uniform, cutoff shorts and smelly t-shirt. The dining room is nice especially compared to most other places I have eaten Indian in the city. I was greeted and exuberantly showed to my table. All of the employees seemed really excited to be working there which put a little smile on my face. I chose the lunch special of lamb bhuna and it came with rice and naan for 11.95 which isnt too bad. I also got a mango lassi since they didnt have thums up, my first choice. The mango lassi had ice in it which was weird, I dont think I have ever seen that before. The food came out pretty quickly and was freakin delicious. The lamb was very tender and seasoned well and the sauce had a little kick to it which I like. It gave me a feeling that if you told them to make it Indian spicy they wouldnt hold back like some places do. The naan was good as well. They were really good at refilling my water which is a plus if you do order it extra spicy. I think every employee at the restaurant asked me how my food was during the course of my meal which was a bit much but I will give them a pass since this was their second day of being open. 
I held back a star until I can return and try some appetizers and more entrees but I think it is easily the second best Indian food in Philly, Tiffin still holds a special place in my heart.
After spending 10 minutes googling "mediocre actors" so that I could find someone to compare with King of Tandoor, I've given up. Google has helped me find many things but today it failed when I tried to find the thing that I needed most...inspiration.

Ah well...

King of Tandoor is an OK Indian restaurant. The veggie samosas are OK. The mulligatawny is OK. The mango lassi is OK. The garlic naan is OK.

The chicken tikka masala has no kick to it at all. If I am in an Indian restaurant, I want the spice. King of Tandoor did not provide this.

The vegetable korma was good.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Congo.
I am giving K of T a 5 stars - mostly for the following LARGE party event I am going to describe.  In reality this is a 4 star place, but the way our group of 31 people (20 of which were children ages 2-7) was treated deserves kudos.

Kumar and Mohammed helped me to plan and execute a large Indian dinner for my 5 yesar old's Pre-K class, their parents and siblings.

Orinigally we planned on 12 -15 guests and each family would simply order what they wished and pay for their share.  Well plans changed..  and the guest list ballooned to 20, then 24, then 27 and finally 31.

We decide to go to a set menu - and people got to choose from 5 entrees including Chicken Tikka (plain for the kids or Masala), Lamb Korma, Shrimp Shag, Malai Kofta (for our vegetarian friends) or 3 kinds of Biryani.

Appetizers were great and included a smooth Muligatawny (Lentil) soup, Crispy Samosas (yum!) and Chana Chat - chikpeas in a tamarind sauce.

The kids plowed their way through 18 Lassi in Mango, Strawberry and Pomegranite.

We had our tables arranged in a large "U" shape for lots of interaction.
I only pity the other diners that night (a few tables on a Wednesday night) who witnessed the chaos.  Those kids had a BLAST.

The servers and kitchen worked hard - and in the end the dinner was enjoyed very much.  Plus we introduced a whole group of young children to many new foods - including the yummy breads (which the loved) naan, paratha and poori.

It's not on the menu by itself - but ask them to make you a poori - it's (fattening and) delicious.

Oh - and those who stayed for dessert (many left early for bedtime) enjoyed Mango and Pistachio kulfi.

THANK YOU to the staff of King of Tandoor.
Finally, a great place east of the Schuylkill to satisfy my Indian food cravings!  No more takeout, I'm dining in every time I crave King of Tandoor.  The dining room is quite large with plenty of space between tables, I swore I was back in suburban NJ.  The staff is incredibly friendly and made this an unexpectedly romantic date night by treating us like royalty.  Did I mention it's also BYO?

The tandoori mixed grill ($15) was a hefty portion - 1 large piece of chicken (bone in), 2 chunks of chicken, 1 enormous shrimp and 1 skewer of lamb - served over a bed of grilled onions on a searing hot plate.  Added bonus?  Each piece was marinated in a different sauce.  My shag ponir ($11) was light in color, creamy and full of hearty pieces of homemade cheese.  The garlic naan was piping hot and slightly crisp yet chewy on the inside.

Our server brought the dishes out on a tray and plated our first servings for us - this was a really nice touch!  We also received a complimentary dessert with our check.  I'll definitely be back soon.
Blown away by this Indian food. 

We have walked past here a million times for Kite and Key and this place never really caught my eye. 

Hands down probably my favorite place to get Vindaloo. Either most Indian places don't make it or if they do... they mess it up. 

My friend for the meat platter. Everything was juicy, hot and fresh. 

Can't really speak on in vegetarian dish we got because I didn't try it but my friend loved it. 

I wish we didn't order delivery because that took a little longer than expected, considering it's a block away (didn't realize until after I ordered).  

Give this place a try if you're looking for fresh, well cooked Indian food.
To be 100% honest, the only Indian food I'd ever eaten before coming to King of Tandoor came from the Whole Foods hot bar in New York's Columbus Circle. To be fair, I dug their samosas. Anyway, no doubt that King of Tandoor blows WF out of the water.

My boss urged me to check it out and I am so glad I did. The first time I checked the place out was with my boyfriend. We didn't realize it was BYOB, so we failed on that front, but everything was amazingly delicious and we were shocked at how small the bill was for what we'd gotten. I went with the Chicken Malai, juicy chunks of chicken in a creamy and lightly spiced coconut sauce. Was great atop the complimentary basmati rice. I forget what boyfriend got, but it was also very tasti.

Before the entrees we'd ordered some chapati which came out with 3 different sauces, all pretty tasty and spicy. By the time we'd finish our meals we were more than full and declined ordering dessert, but were presented with a complimentary rice pudding each. It was so good and worth being a bit overfull.

I went another time with my sister and her boyfriend. I ordered the shrimp biryani which I loved, as did my sis and her man. They'd gotten the Malai Kebab and lamb vindaloo, respectively, the former which was very tasty and the latter was good but too spicy for me. We'd also gotten an order of garlic naan, which I'd had for the very first time, and it was amazing. Best with the green sauce.

I've also ordered takeout once (the lamb dumpkaht is very good), and found it a bit difficult to order over the phone and the delivery time to be very slow, especially for my close proximity. I'd definitely recommend eating in as opposed to delivery.

One of my favorite neighborhood haunts. In fact, my sister told me that when I move at the end of August, I have to stay in the neighborhood to remain close to King of Tandoor. Definitely can't disagree with her.
Tried K of T again - this time for lunch with my vegetarian, Indian friend.  We split an order of Chana Chat - a cold chick pea appetizer that is very good.  (Still served on the bed of iceberg.)

I had the same shrimp appetizer with a freshly fried poori - it is an appetizer but for me was perfect for lunch.  It came with 4 medium sized shrimp in a tomato based (tasy) sauce with onions and green peppers.  The sauce was so good on the poori (or over rice - I snagged a bit of my friends HUGE veggie biryani).

I have never been a big Indian food lover, but I can deal with the food here and find it very good.
Given my almost complete intolerance for pepper-based spice, it is an odd conundrum that I adore Indian food.  It also means that I often have to make special requests when ordering.  King of Tandoor's response to these requests are alone enough to earn it high ranks, but the fact that Lamb Korma, which is already a mild dish by Indian standards, can be made even milder, and still be truly delicious, is how the restaurant earned all five stars.

I started with the Vegetable Samosas, which have just enough heat to hurt my mouth, but not until AFTER I have finished eating one.  It is possible to fully enjoy the rich array of flavors, even if, like me, you are a "spice wimp."  They were perfectly crisp, and the ratio of potato to peas, and pastry was just right.

I also had plain Naan, but have had many of the breads on other visits, and enjoy them all.  Once, when I ordered no bread, they brought a small complementary Paratha, which was crisp and delightful.

As I mentioned above, I then had the Lamb Korma, made EXTRA mild.  I ALWAYS have the Lamb Korma, made extra mild, but since I rarely eat there alone, I have tasted many other things.  I have yet to be disappointed.

There is a good selection of vegetarian food, and though I don't like Mango, my 6 year old nephew can polish off two Mango Lassi and still want more.

The decor is relatively benign, but the restaurant is very clean, and the staff is exceptionally friendly.  I was there last at 5:00pm on a Wednesday, and my table was the only one, but I have seen it full many times on weekends, and closer to a normal dinner time.

This has become my "go-to" place for Indian food.
Ordered take-out from there last night, and got the most horrible tasting food I've had in a long time.  When I called to say they got my order wrong (I've always loved their food in the past) the manager yelled at me, implying that I was some dumb American who didn't know what I was talking about.  When he said he'd deliver Tikka Masala (cause he was convinced I wanted that instead of Kurma), I asked the delivery guy if there was a new chef...turns out there is, since last week. Thanks for putting all the blame on me, when it turns out they just hired someone who can't cook!  Used to be great, now I wouldn't eat it if it were free, which it certainly isn't.
I ordered delivery...so no comments about the dine-in experience..
Having said that...the food was phenomenal!
I am an Indian...very very picky about Indian restaurants because I think most of their stuff tastes the same no matter what you order!
Not so with King of Tandoor...the chicken dumpakht was probably the BEST thing I have ever ordered from an Indian restaurant...no kidding. The lamb vindaloo was good too...although really spicy (this, in spite of saying medium).
Very friendly guy on phone....delivery took less than 45 mins on a Fri night..
My fav delievery place in Philly so far...
Terrible food, terrible delivery guy. The horrible delivery guy WILL get upset if he shows up very early, rushes you to open the door 4 flights down, and you forget to bring any cash to tip him. He was furious when this happened and called me the B word. Then after he left he started TEXTING me insults and telling me that if I don't have money for a tip to not order food. Wow, I mean did I not pay for the food?? All this for food that wasn't very good at all. Sad I don't feel like using the Yelp eat 24 app again.
Quite lovely.

Nearly empty on a Saturday evening, although it could've been hurricane Hanna's driving rain keeping the crowd out (they didn't dare stop us dripping on the carpet).  The service is efficient but a little creepy, with a bunch of bored waiters watching us from relatively close - we couldn't have stolen any plans or silverware under such tight surveillance.

One of my party wanted Paneer Tiki Masala - both Paneer & Tiki Masala are on the menu but not together as a single dish.  The waiter took a little while to understand she was requesting a custom item, and that the other entree was a backup request in case the chef wasn't willing (he wasn't).

The food was quite good - probably the best sit-down Indian I've had in Philadelphia.  My white-boy taste buds were quite sassified.  I'm a regular fan of Tiffin, their mint chutney is second to none.  However, KoT nudges them out on everything else.  The Nann, samosas, vegetarian entrees, and rice pudding were all phenomenal.  The Chicken Vindalu (spelling?) was incredibly spicy but quite flavorful.

I'll be going back, and sucking up spending more than $10 for lunch regularly.
Bleh!

I kept looking for cameras because the scenario was ripe for some sort of hidden camera show.  

First of all, the food is not good.  My girlfriends dish (Chicken Tikka Makhanee) came and it resembled Nacho Cheese with chicken in a bowl the size of my fist.  Nacho cheese is not an Indian specialty and as a result, it was not finished and not even taken home.  That's bad enough but the price paid for this cheese whiz was astronomical compared to Tiffin and Ekta considering it was half the serving.   

The worst part was the waiter.  Inattentive, awkward, and just weird.  Between sitting in the corner and drinking water and scanning the room but missing us staring at him, right under his nose, this dude was comically bad.  The best part was insisting that we have dessert even though we turned him down previously.  There were long stretches of him just not being around.

I love Indian food, I really do but this place is too expensive and the service is terrible enough for me to not go back again.
The best samosa I've ever had was from a random cart on a side street in a dusty market in Dubai. I was told never to eat street food abroad, especially in the Middle East- or Brazil for that matter- but I followed the advice of a friend who had lived there multiple times and I've never regretted it. Since I'll never be back to Brazil unless someone drugs me and drags me there, and never tried street food there, I guess I can't say whether or not to try some- but you only live once right? Right?? Actually I hate "YOLO" so ignore that, but do try the street food in the UAE (but not Egypt). 

All that being said, I now use my organismic food experience in Dubai as a standard for which to identify Indian food. Unfair? Nope, because if I'm paying for it, it should be good. But I digress. 

Overall the food is okay. I have not sat in for lunch or dinner and that may affect my overall perception, but my multiple takeout lunch experiences have always left something to be desired. The people are friendly whenever I come to pick up my food and it's generally hot (depending on how long I take to pick it up), but the dishes just aren't that great. 

I've had the curry box and the tandoori box and both were very filling but underwhelming. They easily can feed two people but the amazing flavors just aren't there. Just okay. 

I've also had the samosas (lamb and veggies) and they're tasty, but I definitely prefer the lamb over the vegetables. And the keema naan is different but nothing that made me go- woah this is amazing. The naan is good and they give you three tasty sauces that complement every dish, but overall I find the food okay just not 4 or 5 stars worthy.

That being said, as this is the only close by Indian spot near my job, when I'm pheening this is definitely a lunch option, so okay isn't too bad in my book.
Living in the Fairmount area affords a random sampling of various cuisines. Case in point - King of Tandoor. They offer a decent foray into Indian cuisine with affordable prices, though in an 80's-esque atmosphere. Regardless, it's a great place for takeout - so recently, I indulged in a few of their dishes through Eat24, which seems to be a great new way to order delivery. 

Garlic Naan [$2.75]
 
You can't help but get some naan. King of Tandoor's garlic naan was light, with hints of garlic. It was perfect for the variety of chutneys that they provide. 

The plum chutney was subtly sweet, with hints of spice. A great cooling element for the other two. The onion chutney provides a sharp bite, with heat that starts on the tongue which eventually moves to the back of the throat. The lime chutney has a sweet heat that was definitely my favorite.  

Vegetable Samosa [$3.50]

Samosas are another must order and these didn't disappoint. The melange of potatoes, cumin, peas, and carrots offered a hearty bite which contrasted nicely with the crispy texture of the outer shell. They also offer a ground lamb samosa which I didn't get to try on this visit.

Poori Bhajee [$4.25]
Fried chickpeas, light fluffy bread

For less than $5, you can indulge in a delicious fried chutney, nicely stewed with tomatoes and and spice. It comes accompanied with "fluffy" bread to dip in the chickpea stew. It's  a bit greasy and actually heavier than the naan.

Motor Paneer [$10.95]
Fried homemade cheese, peas

Paneer is a favorite of mine. The light homemade cheese came in huge chunks amidst the stewed peas which had a nice medium heat to it. The buttery rice was simply melt-in-your-mouth and completely light.

Ultimately, King of Tandoor offers a safe bet for comforting and affordable Indian cuisine. It's great to know that the Fairmount area has a wide variety of offerings on hand and for myself, it's steps away.
I don't know what all of these bad reviews are about. I have been to this place five times, and every time I thoroughly enjoyed my food and the service. The waitstaff is very nice, and they are very quick to refill water (which is very important when you get a hot dish!). I've had the Chicken Tikka Masala, the Chicken Dumpakht (my favorite), and the Chicken Vindaloo (amazing!), all of which were delicious. Their garlic naan is good and very garlicky, although sometimes I think it's a little on the doughy side. My boyfriend has made naan before and I think it was as good, if not better, than the naan that I had here. If you eat too much doughy naan, it's easy to fill up pretty quickly. 

Twice when we went there, we were given free Firni (rice pudding) and Gulab Jamon (fried cheese ball with honey sauce). Delicious. Another great thing about King of Tandoor is that it's BYOB, which I always prefer over having to shell out extra money. I always look forward to eating here.
Very good restaurant and very friendly service. I ordered take out from them last week and got Chicken Tikka Marsala, Lamb Curry, Veggie Samosas, and Garlic Naan. Everything was great, although they were a little on the pricey side (they charged us $3 for an order of Raita on the side).

I will definitely be coming back here. The service and food is great.
This place has nice decor, but food Ws on par with most Indian cuisine. What made me rate them a 1 which should be a 0 is the fact that I had a roach in my dessert. The owner claimed the desserts are premade at a different location and only reheated by staff. He tried to give me another batch!!! And then discounted the bill only for the one dessert. To me a full discount suffices when your establishment serves warm gooey roach desserts!!! Gross !!!
Probably the worst Indian food I've ever had. Ordered two different curry and both were the exact same with a thick layer of oil over and no flavor whatsoever. The irony was the tandoor item, which was anything but tandoor.. I was given a breaded fish that was not even warm. I usually try to not waste food..but my takeout from here went into trash can. I was really hungry, but not worth ingesting oil. At an average of 16$ with tax per dish...this is probably the most expensive trashy food. The garlic Naan wasn't terrible.
Delicious and authentic Indian food.  The service is wonderful. Despite an obvious language barrier, the waiter/GM was extremely gracious.   This may not be for those of you who have constrictive lunch times, because dining for lunch took about an hour and fifteen minutes but was well worth the experience.  

Prices are a tricky.  $3 for two samosas is super reasonable, but $2.50 for a diet coke (NO REFILL) seems steap.  The menu boasts lunch specials but the only real difference is that these include NAAN.  So go prepared to spend about $13-$15/entree.  

I had, and truly enjoyed, the Chicken Shaagh, normally I'm used to it spelled as Saag but I'm guessing the "h" just deems the cuisine is from a different part of India. .
I enjoyed the decent decoration, I like the food and I loved the service (polite trained  waiters )  and the atmosphere specially w. dim light. It's definitely better than all the other Indian restaurants I have ever been!
This is the best indian I have had in Philadelphia. We were ordering from Tiffin for a while, which is a fine place, but the quality at King of Tandoor is unmatched. 

We had Shaag Paneer, which is a spinach and cheese dish I recommend to people new to indian cuisine. It was perfectly spiced and creamy. We also had some Chicken Vindaloo, which was spicier than the paneer, but not totally overwhelming. 

The heat in these dishes did not cover up the complex spice combinations in the sauces, as many lower quality restaurants try to do.

We had the rice pudding for dessert, which was just lovely. Not too sweet either. 

The service was nice, although be prepared to wait a bit for your meal. They take time preparing it, which shows in the quality of the food. I didn't try a mango lassi, one of my favorite things ever, but I definitely will next time.
We have the crux of Indian food back home in Artesia and there are lots of great Indian Restraunts that all of my indian friends swear is pretty close to home.  The King of Tandoor is as good as they are.  I was with some customers that were from India that wanted more vegetarian like food closer to home and they enjoyed they food.  Personally I think it was spiced just right.
I have been to almost all the Indian restaurants in Philly and suburb and I frequently visit these. King of Tandoor has been the best and has authentic taste(that we get in India).I will not say that it is perfect but it is the best available in the area. Chef/Mgmt seem to know the diff, between various items when it comes to ingredients.Normally when you go to some place they do not know what the diff is between curry, masala, bhuna or Korma but these folks know.
 
To be fair, I would say that I have tried Lamb bhuna and Lamb Achrai and few other  lamb dishes I found them to be very very delicious and also they have authentic Indian taste.
 
One thing which I do not like about this place is that, they have item for Achar separately which is $2.95, which is outrageous. Similarly they have Raita for $2.95, which also is outrageous. These items should either be included in meal or if they want to charge, it should be say under 50 cents..

For folks who are not born and raised in India : Although I assume that they would serve less spicy food but just to be safe, you should say that you want less spicy food. I am sure that you would love it.

PS. I do not like taste of chicken so I have never tried their chicken dish. But based on lamb dishes that I have tried, chicken dishes also should be good.
Please note that I am NOT an Indian food lvoer - in fact - I generally don't eat it.  I can't deal with all the cardamom and curry and fenugreek and such.  I will be generous and give it 4 stars - but my conscious is screaming "3 stars".  I reall would like to see them succeed.  The Callohwhill area needs new businesses.

But 3 of us had a very lovely dinner there last week.  The place was nearly empty - but you can see that the decor (which is lovely) is brand new.  The ladies room was clean and marble-ized and nice.

Service was very attentive - some might argue a bit much - as he asked my husband if he'd like to order any bread 3 times.  (I ordered a poori - with Shrimp as an appetizer which was fabulous in all its deep-fried glory).  My husband did not want any bread.

Really.

Our friend who dined with us is FROM India - and he ordered a Chana (can't remember) appetizer which we all enjoyed but it was served on a bed of shredded ice berg lettuce - which would NEVER happen in India.

The Lamb Curry was tender and mildly spiced.
The rice was excellent - as well cooked basmati can be.

I would go back - but again - I am just not an Indian Food lover.  For Philly - this seems like the best of the lot.  For betetr Indo-Pak food try Queens NY or North Jersey.

Oh - our dessert (Galub - can't spell it) fried cheese balls, was syrupy and friend and just as I rememberfrom the Dipavali festivals I used to attend.  Yum-my.

Oh - it's BYOB - so BRING something. (We didn't and wished that we had.)


Dinner for the 3 of us was $60 even including tax & tip.  Really not bad.
Yelp I really need some half stars once and for all, this would be a 2.5 star place for me. I've dined in as well as order take out and delivery through the yelp app. The restaurant itself is very clean, intimate, date night like spot feel. It's BYOB and the staff is nice not friendly but nice and attentive.

On our first time there we ordered a chicken and a lamb dish this comes with rice. My bf and I agreed that even though the food was good it was not the best Indian food we've had.

The reason for the two stars is our delivery order from last night even though it arrived within the time promised and the delivery guy was polite the food was not very good.

My boyfriend had chicken tikka masala and again he said it was good but not great. I ordered lamb tikka masala and this is were the problem lies. The "lamb" (I put in quotations because I've never had lamb like this before) was of the most weird texture unlike any other piece of lamb I've eaten before. It was very tough and when you bit into it the texture was almost that resembling of liver (if any of you have ever had that you'll know what I'm talking about). After a few bites of this my stomach felt like I'd eaten a block of concrete so I just stopped. 

I don't think we'll eat here again. Very disappointing because it seeks like they could have potential.
Skip and head straight for Ekta, about a mile and a half East.
The only plus is you get free rice pudding included, but the actual meal in itself is more pricey than Ekta and never as good.
We stopped over for lunch after cycling for about 11 miles. We were hungry like a beast. My friend ordered chicken sheekh kabab - it was good however oily. We ordered their veg curry which is one of their special items - the curry was dipped in oil. When we asked the waiter about the level of oil - he just giggled. We were disappointed. Here is a pic and the curry is not really a curry!
Chicken Tikka Masala was incredibly buttery, and the mottor panir was delicious as well.  A great basic local spot for Indian!
I had high hopes for this place - in my neighborhood and the staff was super friendly when I walked in to place my carry out order. 

I had ordered chicken tikka masala, vegetable samosas, and naan.

I got chicken tikka masala, meat samosas, and keema naan.  Weird?

The meat samosas were pretty good (albeit a bit on the spicy side) and the sauces they came with were delicious.  

The chicken tikka masala was just ok.  The chicken was in huge chunks and was a bit dry.

The keema naan was ok but just wasn't what I expected and wasn't what I wanted. 

Portion size was what you would expect (plenty in one dish to share and entree). 

May give them another try....but probably will not.
This is the worst Indian restaurant that I have ever eaten at. The service was horrible and the food was heated leftovers! 

It was my wife and I at one table and an older gentleman at another table. That's it, 2 tables occupied! My wife had order the samosas and those were not that great. I ordered the tandoori checking, and it tasted "rubbery" and the masalla was "caked" on. The food was cold in the middle, and you can tell it was reheated. 

Finally, the naan (bread), this one really upset me. I paid $3.50 for a piece and all it was a heated up piece of pita bread. I know naan, and I know pita. This was definitely pita. 

I would NEVER eat here again 
We walked out very unhappy, not eating half the food, but my wife took the veggie biriani (rice) back to our hotel, just in case she gets hungry enough to eat it.
This is the best Indian spot that I have found in the city! The interior is elegant and the waitstaff is exceedingly gracious. I am a sucker for samosas and dal, and the King of Tandoor always satisfies. I also love the nan and have tasted a few lamb dishes that my husband ordered and thought they were yummy (and I don't normally go for lamb). At least twice our waiter gave us free rice pudding with our check, a very sweet touch :) I definitely recommend it for any fan of Indian food.
Simply put:  This is a good place to enjoy high-quality Indian food.

First, the room is comfortable. Cloth napkins and clean white tablecloths. Good lighting. It's never been crowded during my visits so it lacks the roar that characterizes a number of the nicer places to eat in Philly (I live in Seattle).

Second, the wait staff is professional and attentive. They offered a complementary vegetarian soup appetizer and finished the meal with a complementary rice pudding. Both were excellent and unexpected.

Third, the food is better than average. The salmon tandoori was tender and flavorful. The vegetable dishes are quite good, although portions are a bit small (still, more than enough to share). The rice is a cut above what you might find in downscale Indian places. At the same time, I didn't see anything on the menu that was unexpected - all the standards, and only the standards, are present.

I've eaten here twice - once last August and then tonight (March). Both times the place was relatively empty, which is a shame because it warrants attention from anyone who enjoys Indian food.
i love king of tandoor... one of the few places that has chicken karhai which is my favorite indian dish of all time!!!  

seriously, the next person who reads this review, order chicken karhai... it is the best dish there !!!
Meh.  Just got back from lunch there.  The place itself is lovely.  I needed a break from WF, and it was refreshing to have a table cloth and someone constantly refilling my water.  The staff was a little overattentive.  It just bugs me when someone says thank you 5 times in 30 seconds.  I get it.  You like me and my money and want me to like you and your food.  The food was up very quickly, which is helpful when you've got 45 minutes, door to door, for lunch.  

I had the chana saag, and it was definitely not the tastiest saag dish I've ever had (saag being my go to Indian dish.  I adore it but cannot for the life of me recreate it successfully at home.)  The raita was mediocre, a bit too thick for my liking (and $3!! for the tiniest dish ever), as were the various chutneys and dips.  Naan was tasty.  

I just don't think I'll bother going here again.  Meh, indeed.
I've had good take-out from here before but the take-out we got tonight (Saag paneer and malai kafta) was just awful, awful.  It was bland and didn't taste like any indian food I've ever had before.
Very good first visit to this restaurant. We had Alu Gobi and a chicken dish with coconut. It was the best Indian I've had yet in the city. I found the price to be very reasonable for the high quality of the food. They must have listened to some critics because the food was not spicy and our waiter was very attentive.
I would eat here every day if I could-- incredibly delicious BYOB with impeccable service. (And I generally don't even use words like "impeccable.") 

I honestly love everything on the vegetarian menu, which is rare because I can be pretty picky. Trust me, you have to get the samosas as an appetizer (yum!) and the naan is warm, thick, and goes perfectly with the entrees. Try the garlic or onion and cheese naan-- we usually get both.
This was my second time ordering from King of Tandoor and I was very disappointed.  I decided to use their online ordering system and paid by credit card. When the delivery guy came, I was told that my card was not charged. This was after getting a receipt that said my credit card was charged. I tried to explain how I didn't want to be charged twice and how my email said my card had already been charged. Whoever, I was given to talk to by the delivery guy was extremely rude.  He told me he didn't have time for this and did not understand my concern.  I don't care how good the food is, I absolutely cannot put up with rude employees especially after something that is their mistake.  Because of this, I will not be eating at this restaurant again. If you do, which I don't recommend,  don't order online.
Man, this is my new love affair. We've ordered delivery indian food in the area a few times, and this place is by far our favorite. They have a wide variety of tandoori dishes, biryani, many types of breads, all the indian classics and my favoritre samosas ever! I am super addicted to the tandoor lamb chops ($16). the order comes with 7 or 8 large, perfectly cooked lamb chops and sauteed onions. We also are huge fans of the chicken makhanee (sp?). it's some of the best I've ever had. we've tried several of the diferent types of naan and stuffed bread, which have all been great. The best part is they deliver and you can order right from your Yelp app with the eat 24 function. How can you beat THAT????
I totally agree with yelper Aaron O. The food here is legit. I came here with my family on a recent trip to Philly and we had a great meal. The highlights:

Saag Paneer had a perfect balance of spinach and cream. I hate it when some restaurants make this too creamy. I see that in NY all the time and it pisses me off. I like to taste my Saag in my Saag Paneer. The chunky cottage cheese that was in this dish was awesome.

The lamb chops were done proper. They must have marinated them in yogurt for hours because the tartness of the yogurt really came through. The meat was succulent. This is how I had my lamb chops growing up so kudos to these guys for getting this right.

The chicken tandoor came sizzling off the oven and again I was thankful that they didn't overcook this, a common mistake. It was moist and the flavors were on point. Was it the best chicken tandoor I've had? No.. but it was pretty damn good.

My family is Bengali and they act like friggin Nazis when it comes to desi food, so I was happy I found this place. The food put them in a good mood. We didn't have any problems with the service either. They were busy as it was a Saturday night but our food didn't take too long and the waiter was attentive. 

Btw, nice touch with the sari wearing mannequin up front. A bit  Lars And The Real Girl but it brought out a few laughs in our group.

Definitely worth a visit if you are in the area.
If I could give 0 stars to this restaurant, I definitely would. They are truly disrespectful & Unprofessional. My friend and I decided to go check out the place after class due to the good reviews. Once we entered, the place was empty and the workers were looking at me weird. We sat down and looked through the menu. I felt very uncomfortable because the men that were working there were staring at us and whispering to each other. We ordered our food and the guy brought us something that looked like chips & Dips. After feeling so uncomfortable, we decided to just get our food to go & leave to go eat somewhere else. Once my friend told the worker we are going to get the food To Go, the man had an attitude. We paid separately for our food. The minimum to pay with card was $15, which is wrong because they still took my card & charged me for my order that was less than 15 dollars. So I seen that they are telling customers that to make them order more food. Second, my friend went to pay for his food. The guy at the register said the money didn't go through but gave his a Receipt that charged his card and also said "Pin verified" but the guy kept saying his card didn't go through, and TOLD my friend to give him the card. My friend refused to pay again when it said Pin Verified. After that the guy started yell and being very disrespectful. He told my friend " if you didn't have money, why did you come". My friend was very angry of the way he was being treated. Mind you, a notification was sent to my friends phone that he was charged for his food. After the man was telling his employees and being disrespectful, he was invading our space and yelling. A man walked in to get food, i overheard them talking about his delivery so I guessed maybe he was a delivery person. The worker at the restaurant made the delivery person checking the card information and asked did the money go in, and the delivery person said yes. The worker (maybe the owner) walked up to my friend to apologize and say it was his mistake, he also said "I don't have how to use the computer well" and than said " I let the guy check it, he is a computer engineer". He kept apologizing to my friend and we left. This place is the WORST restaurant I have been to, not only are they disrespectful but also stingy with food. I will NEVER go to this restaurant again. The way they disrespected my friend and I was absolutely wrong. They do not know how to work a cash register and than had the nerves to say my friend did not have money to pay.
Picked up an order to go from King of Tandoor recently. This was our first time ordering from here, and as soon as I reached the counter to pay, I noticed there was a sign that said you would receive 10% off your bill if you paid in cash. The server specifically asked me if I was going to be paying in cash, to which I replied, "Yes, it's 10% off, right?" And he said, "Actually,.. No, not for this order." 

After I gave him a very confused response, he finally said, "Okay, I'll give it to you anyway." ... But your sign and the Yelp app BOTH advertise it!!! 

MAJOR turnoff. 

Money aside, the food was pretty average and I was not impressed at all. We had the chicken tikka masala, bainghan bhartha, a couple of samosas, bhujia, and two types of naan. Overall the tikka masala and bainghan bhartha were both pretty lacking in flavor. Samosas were ok, and the bhujia was so deep fried that all you could taste was grease. The naan was fine, but how can you really mess that up?
As visitors, Yelp helped us find this gem near the Franklin Institute, and YUMMY!! Food was marvelous and reasonably priced. Dining room gorgeous. Service prompt, polite, and gracious with free appetizer and dessert! We had the chicken shagoti and lamb kurma - both were fantastic. Definitely recommend for a delicious meal!
Off the beaten path, you can't find a better Indian restaurant in Philly.  The STAFF has worked for years in NYC and are very hospitable.  

The DECOR is peculiar.  It's very nice and it looks as though the owner has really put a lot of effort, esp. through his/her travels to India into making the interior look as classy and cultured as possible.  Great job!

The FOOD was great!  I had a lamb biryani which was cooked with almost impeccable skill!

Overall, if you're looking for good, wholesome, well prepared Indian food while enjoying authentic (and I mean authentic) Indian interior in Philly, King of Tandoor is *the* place.
I don't eat Indian food too often, but when I do King of Tandoor is my place. I've dined in and ordered delivery/take out and found the food to be pretty consistent. 

Last night my hubby and I decided to order King of Tandoor from Seamless and the entire experience was pretty seamless. We placed our order electronically and less than 45 minutes later we had our food. 

Our order was pretty simple, as we split an order of the garlic naan and lamb vindaloo. It was almost enough food for two entirely famished people after a long, stressful day. If we had split an appetizer we would have been stuffed. The garlic naan wasn't super garlicky, which was a little disappointing.  However, we were able to add a little more flavor to it when dipping in it one of the three dipping sauces. I have no idea what the sauces were but the naan came with a green one, a tomato one and a vinegar based one (I told you, I don't eat Indian food too often). I enjoyed all three. The lamb vindaloo was scrumptious! It was described as spicy on the menu and it definitely lived up to that expectation. The lamb was tender and absorbed the flavor of the sauce, along with the potatoes. The order came with a side of white rice and it helped bring down the kick. 

Winner winner delicious dinner. Until the next time King of Tandoor.
My honey loves this place - he usually orders meat dishes.  I enjoy a good saag with cheese cubes or chick peas and I just don't love theirs.  I also think their prices are a bit high.  The atmosphere is probably the nicest as far as Indian restaurants go.
I am not a vegetarian. But when it comes to Indian food, I don't eat meat. I just don't like it. And I actually prefer vegetarian options. Chana, daal, alu gobi, bring it on...

So this is the closest Indian restaurant to my house. I like it a lot. I can't give it the full 5 yet, but I think they do some amazing stuff. I've been here for lunch and dinner. I can tell you two things: there are only two veggie options on the lunch special menu, but they are thoughtful choices; and the meal comes with rice pudding at the end, so that's nice.

They deliver, and it is rarely packed in there, so if you ever want to feel like a king, go to the restaurant and they really take care of you.
We've been searching for a decent Indian restaurant in Philly and came across the good reviews of this place so we decided to try it out. This is by far the best Indian restaurant in Philadelphia. As a college student, I always went to New Delhi in University City, which is a half decent and cheap, but this place is about 100x better. 

As the name of the restaurant indicates, the Tandoor is delicious here. I've never been a fan of Tandoor chicken until I tried it here. Its very delicious. 

What's also really nice about KoT is that they will make it as spicy as you like and use very minimal oil/grease so you can actually taste the spices of the food and not feel disgusting after eating. Overall, I highly recommend this place.
We went last night to King of Tandoor and were treated like kings.  They were so kind to us and the food was absolutely amazing.   I usually don't take the time to write reviews (I should) but they were so great I had to.  The service and the food was really wonderful.
Just got some takeout from here for the first time.  Had the shag ponir and chicken vindaloo, with a meat samosa.  The guy at the counter was very nice and gave me free kheer.  The food was awesome.  I've eaten at a dozen or so indian restaurants in the area and in other states, and the food was in the top 3 if not the best ever.  I was also informed that starting last weekend they will be doing a $10.95 lunch buffet on saturdays and sundays.  I'll definitely bring some friends in the weeks to come.
For anyone who enjoys Center City during the summer months, and who is always looking for new places to go: King of Tandoor is in a nice part of the city, nearby Whole Foods :-) I had never seen the other side of the Ben Franklin Parkway, just the other side, University City (Rittenhouse, etc)...but a dinner date called my name and off we went to eat our favorite Indian food :-)

I  have tried Mumbai Bistro, Palace at (the?) Ben, and San Samosa, mainly because I work nearby ;-) Also Saffron near City Ave. All hard to beat, though the restaurants in and around 19002 do compare well (thank goodness!). 

So how does King of Tandoor do? Haha, put it on my list of "seconds, please! i wanna go baaaack!" :-) honestly don't venture out of my comfort zone of samosas and chicken biryani, but why should i when it's my first time? yay!
The food was really good... even that dish that I didn't order. Yea the waiter messed up my order, but I didn't complain since I liked what he gave me. However he was a little bitchy with me. I asked if the Dhal was soup-like (that's how it is in the NY places I have been too) so I could use it for dipping the Naan. IDK, but for some reason that ticked him off. Anyway he brought my out Dhal that was thick, so I spread it on the Naan. The he didn't offer us desert and gave us our check. I didn't feel like we were being kicked out though because we sat there for a long time before we got the check. Sooo to sum it up the food was excellent, but the service was a little lacking.
Our go to Indian food, always pleasing to the taste buds. Knocked off a star because this place is pricey for their below average entree portion sizes. Favorite dish is the lamb tiki masala. The garlic naan is always a must. The array of sauces that come with the food is a nice. The one time I ordered delivery the food arrived right on time and was hot and fresh, didn't seem to be sitting around. All and all, I would recommend this place as a special treat.
We enjoyed our visit here two times.

The first time we visited was during the Eagles parade. E-A-G-L-E-S....Eagles!!!!
We stopped in to eat lunch - but the restaurant wasn't serving food that day. The owner explained he didn't have staff that day to keep up with the massive crowds. BUT - he opened just to let people use the restrooms. Unbelievably kind!!!! The bathroom situation in Philly was chaos that day - so it was awesome to have a spot to use a restroom that didn't involve an hour wait and was clean. Thank you a million times over!

So we returned recently, with a large group, for dinner. We didn't have reservations but they had no problem accommodating our party of ten. Service was great, food was excellent - everyone was happy! We'll definitely return!
Clean restaurant.  Very attentive service.  Not the best Indian food.  Too bad  because it is only a 10-minute walk from my house.  Still, I cannot bring myself to go back.  The naan was fine.  Our korma was so-so, same as our aloo-gobbi.  What I really love about good Indian food is the complexity of flavor, when you can taste the progression of spices as you eat a mouthful.  But these flavorings just seemed very one note.  I really hoped to like this place and have it as my new Indian go-to, but I don't think I will go back.
I usually go Tiffin, for that is one of my favorite indian restuarants, and after eating at this one-- it's just as good!  My girlfriend and I went there after an agonizing meeting for brunch, the place is nice and very traditional.  I ordered crab meat curry, which had a tomato based to it, I liked it, but not a fan of it.  My girlfriend got lamb curry which was awesome.  A couple next to us had something that was sizzling i think it look like chicken I'm not sure but it smelled so good! I definitely going there next time for that :D

The service was fast and friendly, King of Tandoor is now one of my favorite restuarants!
We have ordered for here twice now when we're in the mood for Indian and don't want to leave the house. I like being able to order online and even schedule a delivery time! My husband is extremely picky about Indian food and this hits the spot. The samosas are very large and have great filling. I love the chutneys that come on the side! The garlic naan is our favorite - huge pieces! Lamb vindaloo is nice and spicy. Chicken Tikka Masala (my personal crack) is excellent - creamy sauce and nice crisp chicken. Our meal is usually around $40 including tip and is MORE than filling.
Ordered chicken tikka masala, malai kofta, butter naan, garlic naan, onion kulcha and poori. The portion size of the entrees was quite typical of most India restaurants. The chicken tikka Masala and malai kofta were rich and quite flavorful. The breads left a lot to be desired. The naans were too thick and doughy and seemed to be a bit raw. The butter naan was without the butter. The onion kulcha was the same, doughy and little bit underdone. The pooris were crispy and good but tasted a little bit like bahturas. Overall the food was okay and if they improve the quality of the breads it would be borderline good. 
The service was slow but attentive. There were only two more tables apart from ours and it took a while for the food to come out.
Let's be honest, I eat Indian food like 5 times a week. I can't help it. It's SO delicious and satisfying and VEGETABLE SAMOSAS are like the best invention ever. For real. And since I just moved far away from go-to Indian restaurant, I decided to give King of Tandoor a try. This place definitely exceeded my expectations. The naan was light and fluffy like delicious air. The vegetable samosas were like WHOA and the Chana Masala did NOT disappoint. Quick delivery too in the worst downpour we've had in a while. The only thing that would make this place better is if they offered a buffet, which I don't think they do.
There is no buffet at lunch time, I'll go to New Delhi!!!
Randomly came in here once and  had a window seat which I liked. Customer service was okay. But I couldn't eat the watered down Indian food- was it just me?  I guess I just have a spicier tastebud threshold nowadays. Maybe the person I let order ordered some bland things. I so not know. Because I am usually a 100% Indian Foodie.
We were happy to come across this restaurant during our short stay in Philadelphia. We were very pleased with the service, quality and quantity of the appetizers and main dishes. The eggplant entree, Baingan Bhurta, was deliciously blended with spices and peas. The Chicken Tikka was good but did not taste charcoal cooked as advertised. The Aloo Naan was very good and not oily. Prices were quite reasonable and they allow you to bring in your own beer.
We really love this place in our neighborhood. We tried Butter which also does delivery, but we settled on King of Tandoor. Delivery takes 45-1 hour but you can order through the Yelp app. Very convenient. My favorite is the chicken mahkanee and my daughter and I fight over it. It's almost to the point where we have to buy two since my husband will have some too. My husband loves their lamp chops, too. Really yummy food.
Great meal at a great price. Not a single complaint, and that says a lot. 

They even threw in an order of rice pudding on the house. :)
The restaurant is clean and good service was provided.  However, when a restaurant is usually dead that is a bad sign.  And that was the case today when I took visitors here for lunch and we experienced why - bad food.

We ordered the veggie samosa and bhuija for starters; lamb chop tandoori, mixed veggies curry, and chicken tikka masala for entrees.  The samosas were decent, not too greasy and the accompanying dipping sauces were good (one sweet and sour bbqish consistency, one spicy, and the other consisted of spicy pickled veggies).  However, the bhuija came out looking burnt, and tasted it.  

The mixed vegetable curry was by far the best of the meal.  The gravy was ok.  The chicken tikka masala was only ok.  Chicken was a little tough because it's old and overcooked.  Frankly, I was very disappointed because chicken tikka masala is such a standard, like Chinese fried rice at Chinese takeouts, it shouldn't be messed up by an Indian restaurant.  The worst was the lamb chop.  It came out sizzling which made everyone at the table excited.  The first bite killed it.  The meat was sour because it wasn't fresh, like it's weeks old.

One of the few things that was decent was the naan but it was probably frozen.

Overall, disappointing so 2 stars.  Everything tasted like it came from a jar, which is fine if it's cheaper, but for the money they charged I expect food to be freshly made, not microwaved up Trader Joe's.
I was very impressed with King of Tandoor.  It was an ideal setting for a quiet Saturday night.  I really loved the lamb samosas and thought the dipping sauce was excellent.  The peas/cheese was also wonderful but could have been a little more flavorful.  I appreciated the staff's prompt service and the complimentary mint chocolate chip ice cream when we finished!
I agree with the previous reviewer who said they would eat here every day if they could.  King of Tandoor is, in my opinion, the best Indian Restaurant in Philly and on top of that, one of the best Indian restaurants I've ever eaten at (see my lndian Restaurant list).  I've eaten here far too many times to be able to specify exactly which dishes we had on any given occasion.  I can however say that its all been good every time - whether we eat in or get delivery.  If you like your Indian food spicy, you will need to ask and I promise they will not disappoint.  Malai Kofta, Chicken Tikka Makhanee, Poori Bhajee, Chicken Dumpakht, Mulligatawny Soup, and Shag Ponir are some of my favorite dishes- all delicious.  The ambiance here is comfortable, and we've eaten in on numerous occasions.  It's byob and Kite & Key is next door- good beer is nearby.  The staff here is very friendly, although service here can be slow at times.  Despite this fact, its worth the wait for good indian food.  We've also ordered delivery from here many times as well and food always arrives hot and on time.  Highly recommended!
I admit, the female mannequin in the entryway creeps me out a bit.  The food, though, is very, very good.  Vegetable samosas twere the perfect savory.  

We went with two other people, and shared:  lamb dumpakt, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, and baingan bhurta.  The naan was perfect.  I thought the lamb and chicken were excellent; the spinach dish and the eggplant dish were both good but not my thing.

Service was prompt and courteous.  The atmosphere was simple and cheery.  Clean.

Another great thing about these folks:  I accidentally left my purse hanging from my chair.  By the time I realized it, and hoofed it back to the restaurant, the place was closed.  I called as soon as they opened the next day; the staff had found my wallet and the fellow on the phone said to come by anytime to pick it up.

When I got there, my wallet was being held by the register.  It contained everything--including the cash.  It's so great to know honest people still exist in this world.

We'll be back.
I was excited when I learned there was an Indian restaurant in my neighborhood.  
Unfortunately I probably won't be going back. 

I went to King of Tandoor with a party of eight at 7pm on a weeknight.  We were practically the only people in the restaurant and the man who seated and served us made us feel like we were a nuisance.  The service was definitely lacking. 

Now for the food.  The Poori Bhajee appetizer wasn't terrible but I've had better.  I ordered the Mattar Panner as my entree which is one of my favorite dishes.  It had absolutely no flavor and apparently my request for the dish to be 'spicy' was completely ignored.  A few of my friends ordered the chicken tikka masala. They didn't complain too much about the taste, but my friend found a hair in her food.  Then our server managed to ignore our table long enough that she couldn't send it back. 

The fact that this place is a BYOB is really the only thing it has going for it.
Overall very good food and fast service. Menu is pretty extensive and definitely has a lot of options for folks who may not like spicy foods. Reasonably priced. Only reason I am giving this place 4 stars is because the food is not really authentic Indian is has been modified to be more Americanized (less spicy then usual). Still a great place at a good price!
Sitting here eating. After waiting for 20 minutes and doing everything but going in to the kitchen to get their attention we finally got their attention.  We ordered Chana chat, bhujia, and saag paneer. Bhujia was fried in stale oil, burnt outside and raw inside. Chana chat was(we believe) an emptied can of chick peas without the "chaat.". My colleague said it was the worst he has eaten ever. 

In short. Bad service and horrible quality -- oh and over priced.  I'll walk to center city next time.
First yelp review, mid-meal: had to put my down bowl  (then pick up/down in between), to write this. Everything was amazing, no idea why such lukewarm reviews! Best Indian we've had so far in Philly. Here's the rundown:
Lamb Samosas (3.5) - two large, well seasoned flaky meat pockets. Shared btw 2.
Saag paneer (~10) - great flavor/textures. Two meals for me and I was stuffed.
Malagutani (sp?!;~3) - tasty tasty soup
Naan - okay but cheap
Lamb Vindaloo (14) - requested spicy and got spicy so be careful. Bf was impressed, will finish for lunch.
Wow!  Delicious food, fast service, very gracious staff, comfortable, nice-looking.  Naan, korma, chana chat, desserts were particularly outstanding.  Eat in or take out; online ordering available.  A real find.
The food was fresh and well made.  A unique combination of spices gave my vegetarian dish a savory taste with authentic Indian flavor.  My husband got the chicken biryani and said the meat was great quality and the dish was excellent.  The staff was very friendly and the service was outstanding..it was though we were the only  ones in there with all the attention we recieved.  The ambience is great and sophisticated, and Philadelphia needed this good of an indian restaurant with this level of outstanding quality and service.  We will likely go back weekly.
I've been here twice, once for takeout and once for dine-in.  What I really enjoy here is the service.  They are very friendly and on both occasions gave me a cup of soup on the house.  The food is substantial and tasty, standard Indian fare.  It's not that crowded and food comes out quickly.  On the day when I dined in, I was also given rice pudding on the house.  Very tasty!
Samosas are fun. They are the food item that got a younger and less food-adventurous me to give Indian food a serious try. Since then, I've come to enjoy Indian food tremendously (and learned a couple of simple dishes to make at home).

I tried King of Tandoor a year or two ago. Their samosas were terrible--I don't think I even had a second bite. If they can't bother to make a decent samosa, why should I bother eating there?
My girlfriend and I had a random craving for Sushi/Dimsum one Saturday afternoon, but somehow we randomly stumbled across an Indian restaurant located by Community College of Philadelphia. I'm a little iffy when it comes to Indian cuisine because of their different seasonings, but I can tell you that this place was amazing!

We had lamb in green sauce and crabmeat curry in red sauce. I enjoyed the lamb curry the most. The meat was chewy, but I couldn't complain.  The curry wasn't too thick and the service was great! I didn't enjoy too much of the crabmeat because it had too much tomatoes in them. 

Overall, the restaurant was great! I wouldn't mind going back for another meal!
Great food!  I'd suggest any of the curries.  They have a tadoor and seem to use it for a good amount of things.  The food is kind of spicy, so be upfront about it to them if that's not your thing.

The atmosphere was really nice, the eating area was pretty quiet, and most people were pretty well dressed.  Although, we didn't feel too out of place showing up on the way back from a Phillies game.  A lot of people seemed to be ordering wine with their meals.

It is very relaxed, and they take their time, so don't plan on a quick meal.  They seem to be pushing some complimentary items now!  We got a free dessert the last time we were there.
this is generally my go-to for indian delivery. Comparing this to Tiffin I would have to concede that Tiffin is better (especially now that they appear have stopped with all that indo-chinese nonsense), but they have a higher minimum for delivery and are not as quick. KoT generally gets me my food in 20-30 minutes tops, which is pretty damn good.

Anyway the food is solid and more or less what you would expect. I don't like the naan but it is probably because of the delivery and not the quality of the bread. The paratha travels better. Get that. Their chicken korma is my favorite on the menu right now but I also really love the dumpakht. As many other people have said think of it as an indian pot pie with a naan like crust over top and a chicken curry inside. It's savory and delicious, and you don't need to order a bread because you basically get one in the dish already.

In terms of their vegetarian dishes their malai kofta are dry and disappointing compared to others I've had (tiffin, ekta). Their bhajji always seem over fried as well. 

as far as seafood goes the couple times I have tried their shrimp they were wayy overcooked and as hard as bullets.

If you stick to the chicken or lamb dishes you'll have a solid meal. I would rate this higher if they didn't screw up their seafood.
Friendly, helpful staff, delicious food and romantic atmosphere. $35 for two people with two appetizers. I recommend.
My boyfriend and I ate here on a Sunday evening, which was nice because the place was practically empty.  We both ordered the tomato and lentil soup, one beef and veggie samosa, and the chana chat.  Appetizers were just OK.  The chana chat, spicy chickpea salad, sat on a bed of old looking iceberg lettuce, accompanied with measly potatoes and a tamarind sauce.  The samosas and soup were nothing special. 

For my entree, I ordered crab curry with regular naan and my boyfriend ordered a vegetarian dish called Alu Motor Gobi.  His dish, potatoes, peas and cauliflower was excellent, sweet and savory.  My dish would have been better if not masked by the overwhelming taste of crab.  I love crab and curry, but will probably never order them on the same plate again.

We ordered the pistachio ice cream for dessert.  Creamy and flavorful.

Service was not the best, but the ambiance was pleasant.  Prices were great, plus its a byob, so you won't spend a fortune.  Overall, OK experience.
We stumbled across King of Tandoor almost by accident, and I'm glad we did. The decor is fun, the service was impeccable and the food was very, very tasty. I don't typically wade into the "is this authentic Indian" given that Indian food is highly regional (and I'm not an expert in it), but I do eat a fair bit of Indian food and I'd definitely rank this as some of the better Indian food that's crossed my dinner plate.
This place is pretty good, enjoyed everything that we ordered and it was filling. The Naan is always my weak spot . It is BYOB which is nice. Sometimes the atmosphere is a little weird depending on what you are going for but all around solid food.
Price is as competitive as CC Indian joints, but food totally lacked any quality. Even their quantity was just ok. Wld not go back again unless desperately hungry! Service was good, and the interiors resembled most regular Indian restaurants but very dimly lit (maybe an attempt to create ambiance!) Nothing impressed us at all. Very mediocre food, the dal actually tasted a few days old almost!! Prefer the other Indian food establishments in West Philly!
Money Indian food - I tried both the chicken vindaloo (definitely had solid kick) and chicken tikki masala (awesome). The garlic naan was addictive but the Keema naan (recommended by my waiter) was a bit off. Service is good and the prices are reasonable

I would absolutely recommend checking out King of Tandoor it out if you need to get your Indian fix.
Tried K o' T for the first time recently and had a great dinner.  I can't speak to the service because we got take out, but when I walked in to pick it up, no less than THREE waiters in suits stood up to assist me, so I can imagine that the service is excellent.  The food was very good, the portion sizes large and the prices reasonable.  I will definitely go back.
Great service and great Indian food. They'll make it as spicy as you like, and the portions are reasonably sized, which is important when you cannot exercise self-restraint like me (I'm like a dog going to town on a supper dish).

I'm not a big fan of seafood as the protein in my Indian dishes, but they made a compelling case thanks to plump, tender shrimp. The channah masala was also a hit, but these dishes both took a backseat to the *surprise* tandoor chicken. It was absolutely phenomenal. Best I've ever had.

Other Indian restaurants take note - coloring your chicken red does not make it tandoori. It's good to be the king.
I eat here regularly with my husband for a quiet dinner. The service is great and the food is delicious! Our favorites are the grilled meat appetizer and the daal makhani. Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a simple traditional Indian meal with quiet ambiance.
So, food was a 3-4. We got the tandori mixed grill & chicken tikka masala. Half the chicken was really dry have was nicelt done. Sauces were on par with a typical enjoyable Indian restaraunt.

The worst thing was the atmosphere. The staff literally stands and stares at you the whole time. They also really didn't seem friendly and honestly it seemed like nobody wanted to do work. Greet people, bus tables, take orders, etc. It was awkward in my opinion. 

So, I'd recommened getting takeout if you want to give it a shot. The amount of chicken in the tikka masala was generous btw.
Based on the very mixed bag of reviews, it seems like we ate at a completely different restaurant than a lot of other reviewers.  The service was great, food came out fast, and everything was delicious.

First of all, can't beat a BYO red wine with Indian food.  On top of that, I liked their thin bread with the assorted condiments.  They give you a lot of them, which was nice, and they went really well with the samosas too.  

We ordered the lamb achari, saag paneer, and chicken mahkanee with cheese naan.  All three were excellent with the chicken beating out the others by a slim margin.  I must say though, the cheese naan was the best I've ever had.  It was super fluffy and had a considerable amount of cheese in it.  We loved it dipped in the mahkanee sauce.  

This is definitely going to be our go-to Indian spot from now on, but we need to remember to bring cash to take advantage of the 10% discount!
