I decided to pay a visit to Kisso, seeing I have walked and driven by this place plenty of times. Kisso is small, but they utilize their space very well, with a great looking bar set up. This is a BYOB location so bring in that Sake , wine or what have you and get ready to enjoy!

For my lunch I went with their grilled octopus, and well we know the saying is when in "Rome", or in this case "Kisso". I went with their Kisso sushi roll delight, and yes this was delightful, actually this is a must order when visiting. 

Grilled Octopus~ The vinaigrette that comes with this is a miso, with a light hit of garlic to it, which is pretty much on point. The octopus was perfectly grilled, lightly grilled, to be exact which made it all the more reason to order it. Not too chewy , it had that just right texture to it. For the octopus fanatics out there , we all know that "just right" meaning. 

Kisso Sushi Roll Delight~ (That I couldn't finish) Like I have mentioned before I will destroy Sushi like it's nobody's business, I mean total annihilation. Today was the day I had to bring it home, well it never made it home. I did end up finishing it before the on-ramp to 76. 15 pieces of perfection was served to me, with a kick ass homemade wasabi that had me in tears. That's how good it was. They were, which I need to mention I  substituted the California for 3 more pieces of Yellow tail. The line up was Unagi Maki,  Alaskan, Tuna with avocado, and Yellow tail. ERRMAAGERD,  this had me nodding my head like I was doing a "Pimp to Pimp" recognition. 
 
I am mad at myself for not taking a picture of this, normally I am a picture type of person, I realized after I destroyed this. Not to worry Yelp fans I plan on going back again. The service was good even though I was sitting at the bar, but I did enjoy watching these guys go at it, creating amazing dishes. The prices are a little on the high end, but what do you expect for the quality you'll be enjoying. If not then go see if the A Plus, 7-Eleven or a Wawa has sushi for you. You can pretty much roll the dice on that one. 

I'll be back, Nando approved!  

https://youtu.be/QWwEJuGnpCw
I will not pretend to comprehend Japanese culture any more than the next guy, but when it comes down to what seems to be traditional and what seems to be gimmicky, Kisso is the most traditional sushi restaurant in the city.  You do not find bizarre, American sauces like "Southwest" or "Barbeque" like you do at other sushi establishments in the city.  You find a traditional repetoire accompanied by several exquisite and elegant appetizers.

My personal suggestions are the eel appetizer, the red snapper carpaccio and the green tea ice cream following your meal.  You can also get any entree, and then for an additional $2 get miso soup and a side salad with a delicious ginger dressing.

Sadly, it is slightly off the flow of pedestrian traffic,  and there are usually many open tables.  But don't let that throw you.  Try it out.
Kisso, you never let me down.  You have been open for years and still have the same Miles Davis CD in rotation, Kind of Blue, but I never feel blue when I visit you. 
I love their sushi sampler and eel and avocado roll.  Kampyo roll is also amazing. Their sushi is consistently fresh and they have great udon soup (it comes with this seasoning and it's yum) and green tea ice cream.  The sushi is small but satisfying.  If you're used to giant rolls with a lot of rice, you will not find that here. 
It's a BYOB and can be quite crowded on some weekend nights so make a reservation if possible.  

Things not to order 1) the quail egg, for some reason preparing a quail egg can take anywhere from 30-45 minutes.  I'm not sure what goes into the preparation but I have no desire to find out.  I also can't say that I ordered it or even tasted it but it did take forever for my dining partner to get their quail eggs.  Other than that, everything is good.
so i haven't here in a few years, so i don't know if Kisso has changed at all since then. but within a year i ate there 3 times. all 3 times i got some variation of veggie sushi. all 3 times were decent, nothing outrageous, but decent. when i went with larger groups including people that got lots of different fish sushi they all seemed impressed. at the time i had not been to many upscale sushi bars, so i remember thinking it was very impressive as well. but after living in CA and being a total sushi whore out there, i doubt i would be as impressed with Kisso now. however i remember the staff being nice and the food arriving quickly. i also like the decor of Kisso, very simple with lots of open windows. i believe that they are BYOB, however i know for a fact if you spend over a certain amount of money there they bring out the sake for you.
Hands down best Japanese/sushi BYO in the city.  Great prices on GREAT quality sushi--the yummiest unagi.

Definitely try their specials maki.  These are really great "limited time only rolls", that are just really yummy.  I also recommend trying the real crab rolls--so sweet, but a bit pricey if you eat your whole meal that way.

Great table service and the manager usually comes around to say hi to people during the night, too.
Alright, this little gem deserves some spotlight. 

When I came from the Midwest to check out the old city area, I stumbled into this restaurant searching for some close food. I had just signed my papers to live in my new place in the neighborhood, and found this while exploring. 
It was a Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon, and we were the only people eating in the restaurant. The waiter was amazing and very attentive. We chatted about the area, what there was to do, the menu, random food spots, nightlife, etc. So so so friendly. The place was BYOB, a fairly foreign concept coming from a different region of the country, so we did not come prepared. He brought us out some of HIS OWN SAKE from the back and let us enjoy it with our meal. How awesome is that?! 
He made some suggestions to us on what to order (sushi/sashimi wise) and we followed them accordingly. All the food was spot on. The rolls were all impressive, and the quality of sashimi was very apparent. 
I am a hard sell with sushi. I have had great sushi all over the country, and this by far is one of my favorite "casual" spots. They have some really impressive house rolls. There is one that stands out in mind that has really thin slices of lime on top of tuna. Unreal. Ask the waiter about it, he will hook you up. 

Above all of the unique rolls and what not here, the thing that shines the most is the execution of "staple" sushi rolls. For a good spicy tuna, Philadelphia roll, crispy salmon skin, spider roll, anything you can typically think of in sushi, this place has it going on.
Ingredients: exceptionally fresh. Rolling style (coming from someone who makes their own sushi): impressive. Very clean and artful rolls. 

I took a step back, realizing that I had gone to this establishment while riding really high on life vibes. I had just picked my cool apartment in the cool area of the cool city. Maybe it wasn't as wonderful as I had imagined? WRONG!
We revisited this place in December on a cold night, six or so months after the first experience. The same waiter served us at the same corner table. Instantly remembered us, asked us about life and subjects we had spoken on. Wow was I impressed. The food was just as great, the service was obviously spot on (thank you server man if you are reading this, we will be in again soon), and this time we brought our own drinks!  
Go go go go to Kisso. Let it be a cute little date spot to take someone you love. Tell the server that he is admirable, and that reviews have suggested that he is the bomb (because he is), and enjoy your meal.
I loved this byob sushi spot. Great food and helpful service, and according to my sis, the best veggie sushi she's ever had! My non- veggie sushi was equally fab!
tucked away in old city, lies this cute sushi place owned by koreans. yes, sushi prepared by koreans. (i only know this because my best friend knows the owners and she is korean, so..)

the restaurant has a bar for people who wanna eat by their lonesome, but there is seating, limited seating. not a lot of tables. and you are quite close to other tables. the decor is minimal. the bathroom clean. the staff is wicked cute and smiley! 

the miso soup was quite delicious. they don't make veggie tempura. boo!!! the rice and roasted salted seaweed was good. the rice had a sweet flavor which was complemented by the salted seaweed. my tuna roll was ok. for dessert, there is only 3 desserts to choose from. boo again! i ordered the sampler dessert platter. it had two chiclet pieces of jello (not the bill cosby jello, but the asian version), 2 pieces of mochi, strawberry flavor (other choice is green tea) and a little cake/cookie sized jelly filled pastry. i felt like a giant eating because the dessert was so small!

the service here is quick and polite. we had the chef customize one of our orders and that was nice of him.  if you wanna feel like godzilla attacking little sushi and little dessert people, which is what i do with miniature food, definitely stop by here!
I should start off by saying that when they put our six pack of Yards into a Veuve Cliquot bucket I knew I was going to like this place.  The sushi was fresh and the platters were reasonably priced.  If you plan on just ordering rolls and sashimi a la carte it can get expensive quickly...  Two orders of white tuna sashimi came out to just over $17.  It was nice and cozy inside, though, very welcoming.  Nothing too surprising on the menu- not many crazy or inventive choices- but for good, fresh sushi I would definitely recommend Kisso.
I haven't been in a couple of years but in the late 90s early 2000s this was my absolute favorite sushi spot. The restaurant is tiny so make sure you have a reservation if you need more than a table for two.
This is a weird place.  The food is delicious, bu there is not a lot of seating and people seem to sit around forever leading to long waits.  The sushi is good and the service is fantastic, it's not cheap by any stretch of the imagination, but decent sushi never seems to be.

It's got a great location and a subdued decor, I imagine it's a great first or second date place.
May have just found the best sushi in Philly.  

Just went here with my (insert Groupon knockoff site here) and boy am I glad I did. This place knocked my socks off! All of the sushi was SO fresh and noticeably of very high quality.  As some reviews stated the rolls weren't the largest I've had but they weren't packed with rice either(that's a good thing).  You can equate it to shopping for a diamond you can either go for quantity or clarity and if I'm sticking to this analogy this sushi was crystal clear with 0% imperfections. The staff was super friendly and very accommodating. I'm glad I found this diamond in the ruff and will definitely be coming back soon.

Oh yea, I ordered the Mix & Match combo Kisso style which included 3 pieces of spicy tuna (amazing, not loaded with spicy mayo, just fresh tuna and some kind of spice with the right amount of kick), some squid with quail egg (I'm not a huge raw squid fan but I actually enjoyed this #quail egg), spicy tuna on a mint leaf inside of that fried tofu stuff (EXCELLENT), a yellowtail scallion piled high not rolled (also great) and some other stuff that was also awesome.  

BTW I am comparing this place to my usual go to's like Makiman, Raw and Fuji Mountain.

Keep up the good work guys I'll be back soon.
The food here is great - but the environment and actual restaurant - - not so much. I wouldn't come here on a date, or take someone here you are trying to impress. The interior is open, unfinished-looking and sparse. The actual sushi bar is the same.

The sushi, however, was really good. So just call for take out. And definitely try the Caterpillar roll - it's their best.
Intimate ambiance since there aren't many tables. Definitely a date night spot. Sushi was fresh. I recommend ordering one roll more than what you think you would need, since most rolls were 6 pieces. The service was great, everyone there was super friendly. I thought it was a little more pricier than other places in center city, not sure if it's Old City prices or not.
I was slightly apprehensive bringing my mom here, since there were not many recent yelp reviews, and my mom is a very picky eater, but I am SO glad we came. 

We split the dragon maki (crab stick with romaine and cucumber, topped with unagi) and yaki salmon. Both were delicious. The unagi and salmon were cooked to perfection- literally melt in your mouth good. Everything was prepared the way things should be.. using fresh ingredients with light, yet flavorful seasoning. And when I say everything, I mean everything.. Even the ginger was amazing. 

The service was really good too. The waiters were very attentive and friendly. 

Sufficed to say, my mom was happy. Will definitely come back to try more of their rolls. 

All in all, friendly, inviting atmosphere with fresh, quality Japanese food. Would highly recommend.
Their motto is "Edible art in Old City".  This is high quality fish and preparation with a true emphasis on the nigiri or sashimi experience, though the rolls presented are fabulous.

If you want to truly savor the art and finesse that is sushi, this is your temple.
Melt in your mouth tasty sushi.  I really liked the slightly warm temperature of the rolls, freshness of the fish and the perfection of the rice (soft and not stiff).  I got the dynamite roll(soft shell crab), spicy tuna w/avocado and shrimp tempura/salmon roll.  All pretty classic combinations done very well with special attention paid to contrasting textures and flavors.  It wasn't quite enough for 2 people so we also shared a seaweed salad and the shumai (special).  The shumai were made with fresh pasta and were nice and puffy.  The server warned us that they were very, very hot which only made me want them more.  They weren't pepper hot though, more like intense horseradish blasting through your sinuses hot.  Kisso is a quality sushi restaurant.  It will not razzle dazzle you but you will leave very satisfied with the food and the price is reasonable.
I would give this place 5 stars if they had moche on a regular basis...  It's my favorite traditional Japanese ice cream dish.  The food is excellent!  Some of the best maki and shashimi in the city.  It's a little pricey, but you're paying for quality fish!  The staff and the sushi chef are wonderful, friendly, and very graceous!  It's wonderful, except for the lack of moche...
Awesome Authentic Sushi & Coolest Owner: The menu does not reflect what they are capable of... So, tell Alex(owner) or Andy (Sushi Chef)what you like & they'll make you love them! The best rolls I've had here are specials or NOT on the menu!?! Sushi is fresh, simple and delightful! 
Honorable Mention : Red Snapper Appetizer, Spicy Tuna Wrap, Punto Maki Special, Alex Maki, Kisso Maki, SST Maki, Mix & Match, Love Maguro, Sushi Salads
I wish they weren't closed in the late afternoon and the decor could use some updating HOWEVER; the sushi, staff and prices are excellent! + they are BYOB!! IF you are into enormous rolls,  slathered in heavy sauces with pastes or slaws of fish you can't recognize this place ISN'T for you!
I really do not get all of the 5 star ratings. The place is small and the interior looks really worn. Don't even look down at the carpet as you will probably just turn around and walk out. Not a snob or anything but when you're eating raw fish I expect the establishment to be clean from the front door all the way through the kitchen. As for the food really nothing to write home about. Just your average sushi.
Just left this establishment. We had an 8pm reservation after I called several times and kept getting voicemail. We arrived 5 minutes early. We got seated at 8:10. Then, watched the wait staff take care of total 22 people in the restaurant one at a time. So, at 8:35 I went to the sushi bar and asked for water and wine glasses (it's BYO) for the table.

The sushi chef ignored me. So, I then politely asked another sushi chef. He said "okay." We waited 10 more minutes and nothing. So, another couple was waiting at the door to be seated. 

After 35 minutes of NO SERVICE; we got up, offered our table to the couple waiting at the door, wished them luck and left.

This place is a NEVER ever again kinda place...
my all-time favorite restaurant in philly!

i can't help but rave about kisso and it's amazing food and intimate atmosphere - and overall, it's a restaurant truly beloved by old city locals. we have enjoyed every single meal we've had here.

we stopped by for lunch recently and had their chef special dup bap, which is such a beautiful dish for a mid-day meal. kisso does not play around when it comes to the presentation of their dishes. dup bap is a korean version of chirashi and in the case of the chef special, it's a bowl of rice topped with spicy tuna, salmon, ikura, unagi, tobiko, avocado, pickled cucumber, and masago.

we also tried one of their kisso special maki rolls, which is called "half and half" and it's easily one of the best maki rolls we've ever had. there's seared tuna on one half of the rolls (spicy tuna), and paper-thin sliced lime layered over fresh tuna on the other half (white tuna with masago). 

if kisso offered an omakase, i would be 100% on board.
Came here with a friend after work when they were craving sushi. We started with a kisso cocktail and unagi kabyaki. He got the chirashi sushi and I got the love maguro and hamachI for entrees. 

Overall the fish was slightly above average quality for Philly but the cuts were a bit on the smaller size. The rice portion on the sushi was small enough that if you wanted to order a lot of different fish you can easily finish 20+ pieces. They put a very small dab of wasabi under the fish in the sushi pieces so if you don't like wasabi you are in for a bad surprise, but personally I would prefer more wasabi.

Prices seemed a bit on the higher side for most of the menu. And if you wanted to order a la carte your bill will add up quickly. 

I would say this place was 3.5 stars being slightly above average but there was not enough to push it to above average with 4 full stars.
In terms of food, Kisso is a solid sushi place. However, I had to dock a couple stars because of the subpar service. The restaurant was pretty empty the last time we walked into dinner. There were 4 other full tables in addition to my party of 4. After ordering, our waitress did not bring us our water for at least 20 minutes. In addition to our entrees, we ordered some shumai to start which did not come out for 40 minutes. In the meantime, 2 tables that ordered much later than us were enjoying their entrees. Our waitress did not come around once during the 40 minutes that we waited and did not think to refill our waters. After waiting for so long with our empty glasses, only the shumai came out with no sign of our entrees in sight. Fed up with the service, we simply canceled the rest of our order and left. 

I have been here a few times before and this was the last straw. They've always been slow in terms of service, but they do have good sushi and udon so I was always willing to forgive. However, I will not be returning.
That was quite the experience. None of the sushi we ate was fantastic; so much of the fish we ate was really dry. The wasabi wasn't right either. None of the four rolls we got tasted like much, I was dousing my rolls in soy sauce. 

It's a BYOB; it might be a personal thing, but I didn't like that the server kept the wine somewhere else and refilled glasses for us instead of giving us a bucket with ice. I'd rather pour my own.

Also, there's no masks. The owner/server didn't even do the whole mask-on-chin thing, he just didn't have one. 

I think if you want sushi, there are better places to go in the area.
One of the closest restaurants to me, but a business I often bypass. There are competing sushi restaurants nearby that just surpass this experience. The inside is quiet and sparsely decorated. The sushi is just average given the price. Not a lot of speciality rolls. I do enjoy the miso soup and green tea ice cream here. Overall, just average for me.
Some of the best sushi I've had since moving to Old City in June. After walking or driving by it many many times I am upset it took my girlfriend and I this long to try it. What a gem! And the fact that it is BYOB makes it even better.

We sat at the sushi bar and enjoyed the sushi and sashimi platter as well as one of their specialty rolls called "half and half maki", which was 4 pieces of spicy tuna and 4 pieces of regular tuna. The regular tuna had a lime on top, which made for a very refreshing combination! The sushi chef even included a few extra piece of special tuna on our sashimi plate, which was an extremely kind gesture. We will certainly be back.
Stopped by here for lunch and really loved it. A bit pricey, but they had an excellent selection of dishes and the quality of the fish was excellent. If you haven't tried uni, this would be a good place to grab some! Kisso is definitely a notch above your typical Japanese joint. The prices are reflective of this, but for the quality of food you're getting, it feels reasonable.

On their lunch menu is an $18.95 option for a 4 course lunch special, including an appetizer, salad, and two types of sushi. Sushi lovers, rejoice! 

I guess the only downside is that the location is a tad out of the way. I'd stop by again for dinner.
Just found my favorite sushi restaurant in Philly. It's always comforting to walk in and hear Japanese spoken. We went in a party of 5, one of them my Japanese girlfriend from London. We ordered a variety of sushi, sashimi, and specials. Everything was spectacularly good and fresh. 
Our server was Japanese and I think she might of been the owner? She was blunt in telling us that she couldn't recommend any tofu dish at the restaurant. In any case, everything was great. On top of it all, it's a BYOB so we were able to bring the wonderful bottle of sake that I brought back from Japan!
The minimalistic decor might lead you to believe that this is a down-to-earth, friendly yet upscale sushi restaurant. The kind that isn't showy of the fact that they have quality sushi that is made well. Looks can be deceiving. I will admit that I had a good feeling about Kisso when I first sat down.

We ordered miso soup, seaweed salad, and a sushi platter to split between two people. After taking our order, the server went in the back and came out moments later to tell us that the sushi platter is "just for one person." I know what I ordered, thank you very much. Bad move on his part. The servers and the sushi chef unceremoniously spent the rest of our meal talking about us within earshot.

I would have forgiven them if the sushi was any good. While presented very well, the fish was absolutely tasteless, and the rice cold and hard. Sushi that looked appetizing enough fell apart in my chopsticks. I would have preferred mall sushi. It's easier to eat. 

The miso soup was good, the rest of the meal felt like it never happened. I felt like I spent $30 on a bowl of soup.
I do love sushi but up until now I was feeling a little unsure about the availability of yummy but reasonably priced sushi here in Philly.  Kisso is pretty dang good in my opinion.  The rolls were fresh and tasty and not too small. I felt like I was getting a fair deal here.  The waitress helped us order a sort of "surprise me" meal on a budget, and she was honest and awesome. The restaurant itself is clean and open and friendly.  I am excited to come back!
Would love to give this place an awesome review, I live a block away and the food was good. Unfortunately, a restaurant needs to have a hospitality component and this place wreaks in that department. Oh, and actually now that I think it this place literally wreaks. My entire group walked into a rank fish smell. Honest to god we all questioned if we should leave based on that! Totally forgot about that. 
Bottom line is waitstaff is terrible, entitled and kinda rude. We tipped in cash about 23% and she didn't thank us once, even after we made sure she got the cash for her tip. She actually scowled at us! Haha
I do think I'll try it for take out or would love to see them on uber eats. But I doubt I'll return anytime soon, and if I do I won't feel bad about not really tipping. I work hard for my money and so should the people I'm giving it to IMO.
Sushi was half decent. Can tell they had fresh, quality ingredients. But the overall presentation and taste was just ok, nothing spectacular or amazing. I'm not expecting a fancy dragon shape or special design, but at least make a better attempt...

Restaurant had a very simple decor, somewhat lacking in originality. Menu pages were very worn and need a refresh. I think they were used too much and needed to be changed out. 

Service was acceptable. Very friendly and accommodating. Waitress ran down the street to return our wine bottle holder! The service was the best thing about the restaurant. Would definitely go back for that... I wish other restaurants in Philly had the same service.
NOT GOOD.

Udon - too sweet, except I really liked that they put in fried tofu skin + (fake) crab meat + delicious mushroom.
Mix and match sushi platter - TINY. DRY. OVERCOOKED piece of fish (don't remember which piece it was). Sushi rice was not sticky enough to hold the rice together when I picked them up. 
Dynamite roll (one of their specials) - I was so excited that the pieces were big. STILL FAIL... 80% of the space was filled with vegi and tiny pieces of fish inside. 

Overall, flavors were OK. The texture and the sizes were not pleasing at all. We ended up coming home and eating instant noodles..... I am sorry but I'd probably never come back...or even recommend this place to anyone.
This place is a gem!
I have celiac disease so it is often difficult to find Japanese and or sushi places that are aware of gluten issues. 
Kisso has friendly staff that are always willing to answer questions. They use rice vinegar in their sushi rolls which is great for those who are gluten free.
They do take their time in preparing the sushi so if you are in a rush this may not be the place for you, but their food is worth the wait. It is absolutely delicious and it always tastes fresh.

I highly recommend the spicy salmon, scallop and tuna. The alaskan maki is also incredibly delicious.
Well, my husband & I finally tried this place - we've driven by a bunch of times but never went.  And we would consider returning (although Shiroi Hana is more convenient for us - and lately I've been really into Vic's.)

The place was nearly empty at 5:30 on a Friday.  The hostess asked if we had a reservation and we told her that we did not.  She made a negative face so I asked her if that was a problem (The place was empty except for one male couple lingering - and they were there before we got there AND after we left.).  She said no and seated us.

I stopped by the sushi bar to bow to the chef and take a peek at the fish.  Looked good.  Chef recommended the Red Snapper and O-Toro.  

We started with an order ($3.00) of Pork Wasabi Shumai.  - 2 large shumai.  Tasty and very wasabi-ish.

My husband ordered a bowl of udon (very tasty dashi broth) a spicy tuna roll which he loved, and a negi-hamachi roll which was just OK.

I got a special roll (Jay roll?) with rice "pops" on it - good but I did not care for the spicye-level of the tuna filling.  It was too hot for me.  (And I had asked for it mild.)  I bet if you are a spicy lover you'd like the rolls here.

Tuna was fresh - but not the yellowtail.  Also my $6.00 piece of O-Toro was gristley and GROSS.  What a shame.  Toro should be a mouth-gasm and this was not.

The best sushi I got was the Inari stuffed with chopped tuna (spicy tuna - this time WAS made mild) and garnished with chunks of avocado and a few pine nuts.  The pine nuts really made it so special.  I would DEFINITELY get that again.

For dessert we had the green-tea icecrem filled mochi which was very good.

Oh - and they do NOT make their own tamago - it's frozen - so we did not order any.
Friendly staff, but terrible food.

Miso soup was extremely salty. I love salt. I love things that are high in sodium but this was almost to the point of inedible. 

Killer Maki and SST Maki had no flavor and was actually just very boring. 

I think i'll have to pass on this spot since there are so many other great sushi spots in the city such as Uzu, Makiman, Umai Umai, etc...
If you want a California or spider roll and are not a sushi connoisseur, you'll be disappointed. If you crave fresh, imaginative sushi & sashimi, you'll love it here.
Top 3 sushi spots in Philadelphia. The sushi here is so fresh, authentic and stays true to the Japanese art of sushi. A lot of places in philly have all these crazy rolls with mayo and unnecessary ingredients. Kisso has great fresh fish, simple but delicious rolls and pleasant service. Definitely make a reservation and bring a nice bottle of wine to enjoy with friends. Definitely recommend this place to people who really enjoy sushi for the pure taste of the fish.
I was surprised by all of the great reviews of this place.  I was not impressed, with anything that I had.  

As one other reviewer mentioned, the miso soup was very salty, and there was some odd flavor in it as well, almost lemony.  The seaweed salad was soaked in vinegar and we did not finish it.  I ordered a special Dynamite Roll which was ok, not great, but do-able.  My sister ordered the SST roll which had an overpowering ginger taste; not good at all.

The staff was very friendly and attentive, but with a $60 bill for three people to not enjoy their food in the least, I will not be back here again.  My quest to find my new sushi spot in Philadelphia continues
Seriously good veggie sushi.  Best I ever had.  It's kind of like, really this place is here?  Seems like a random location.  But when you finally find it, it's good.

Sensitivity Scale = +5
This place is just okay.

The sushi was delicious, although definitely overpriced, especially for the smallish portion size.

The restaurant looks...tired. There are stains on the carpet, the paint is peeling, and the chairs are mismatched (and mine was uncomfortable). 

Didn't love it. Wouldn't eat here again unless socially obligated.
Hidden gem. I have been to most sushi places in Philly, low and high end. This is my favorite in Philadelphia. 

I am someone who loves and knows fish. I ordered sushi from Kisso more than 100 times easily, and there has not been a single time they disappointed me. My order is always fresh and delicious. I go with my usual: chirashi, baby octopus and 1-2 rolls and always feel satisfied.  
 
Keep in mind. If you are looking for a long list of sauce-filled rolls which won't even allow you to taste the fish in them, this is not the place for you. They  respect fish. The decor is not poor, but also not very high end. What they lose in decor they make up in quality of fish.
We live in the neighborhood and this is by far one of the best BYOB sushi spots in the area. It's been here for years and there's a reason for it. Staff is always super friendly and the fish is always super fresh. One of our go to spot for lunch or dinner.
I wanted Kisso to be so much better mainly because they are 2 blocks from my house and also because I love sushi.

Pros:
Friendly staff
Nice décor
Great location

Cons:
Overly salty miso
Dry rice
Very high price for what you get
BYOB. Normally that is a good thing. However, I love hot sake with my sushi.

Although the portion size on the Hamachi and Maguro were decent. The "Dynamite Roll" had only 5 pieces and cost as much as a most rolls having 8. Also the Unagi was grilled earlier in the day. And who puts iceberg lettuce in a roll...SERIOUSLY?!?
Been going here since they opened. Friendly staff and excellent affordable Sushi.
The best sushi anywhere- fresh, beautifully presented. Alex is a genius!
This place has seemingly very fresh fish. I got one of their lunch specials which comes with miso soup. The California roll was very small. It was probably about half as large in diameter, plus about half as long (they cut it up and put the pieces on the plate face-up) as expected. I have actually never had a roll that was so small before. Cuts of fish on top of rice were large, which almost made up the difference.

Wait time was a little long for being the only person in the restaurant. The place smelled like old soy sauce due to their old tables and place mats. They need to clean the restaurant a little.

I would probably try a few other sushi places before going here again.
Good sushi, fresh ingredients, but amazingly slow. Half empty restaurant, and we waited about 40 mins for our food. I got the chirashi, bf got the sushi platter, neither came with even miso soup, which is unusual for  over-$20 dishes. Neither of our dishes were large either, so it was a good thing we weren't hungry.

Anyways, very pricey and crazy slow, but sushi tastes fresh at least, which is more than I can say for most sushi places.
Had the Kisso Cocktail and Seaweed salad as appetizers, both were unbelievable. For the entrée, had the Kisso platter which was very generous, and the special roll of the day, which was a salmon roll and a monitor roll. The sushi here is insanely fresh and of the best quality. Loved that it was byob. Crushed a bottle of wine and saki on Valentine's Day. Best sushi in philly.
I am not even sure I can truly write a review on the food. We had a birthday party of 10 and let them make the dishes themselves, as in their choice.  We only received rolls, 6 platters of about 20 pieces, 2 bowels of edimame, one small side of baby octopus. It wasn't my party so I didn't question the check, but in looking at the menu and the most expensive I could come up with was 350 with tip.  This is a BYOB.  No drinks involved.  It was 520 DOLLARS including tip.  Are you kidding me.  We never even got sushi.  All specialty rolls.  That is a joke for anyone who knows sushi.  I personally think they took advantage of a group that was out celebrating.  That and it looks like they haven't cleaned or replaced the chairs in 10 years.  Would never ever go again!
This place is really great for sushi!  I haven't eaten there that much so I can't give it 5 stars yet, but I liked the sushi here better than at morimoto.  I have had the sushi roll combo platter a few times now, and each time it is just as good as the first.  The prices aren't cheap but they aren't bad either... but so far this is the best sushi I've had in philly.  Can't wait to actually take advantage of the BYOB and try even more stuff here!

Recommendation:  A VERY safe bet for good sushi!
We walked here last night from the Ritz East. Since it's a BYOB, we stopped along the way to grab some beer.  As soon as we were seated, our server took our drinks and place them in the fridge. Nobody likes warm beer!  Our server was super friendly, helpful and attentive to our needs.  We ordered 4 special rolls and I had a miso soup. My soup arrived very quickly and was hot and delicious.  Unfortunately, it was the only delicious part of the meal.  I really, really love sushi, so for me to give it a bad review makes me sad, but bad is bad.  The four "special" rolls we ordered were the size of what you normally get at 1/2 price sushi places. The rolls all lacked any taste and one was so dry I could barely chew it. I had to drink several swallows of beer to get it down. I would say the best of the four was the Mojito Roll and that was only because it had some flavor from the thin slices of lime that topped the roll.  I have a hard time believing this is the best sushi Philadelphia has to offer.  To wrap it up....Cute restaurant, quick & friendly service, blah sushi  :o(
It was delicious. Its a cute neighborhood BYOB. When I went it was pretty busy but there was no wait for tables. I only took away 1 star because the decor could be a little better. I'll be back. .
I've been meaning to write a review about Kisso for a while now, and after my dinner there last night I knew it was time to get this done.  It is the best sushi I have had in the city and best of all the staff is amazing.  They setup my same spot for me at the sushi bar every time I walk in the door and I just love coming here as it is so warm and inviting.  The sashimi is so fresh and tastes amazing, Alex the owner does a great job of seemingly choosing the best cuts.  Don't expect any freaky rolls with layers of weird sauces and ingredients, Kisso makes your staple sushi rolls right and they taste awesome.  I love the Kisso cocktail as a starter and always order sashimi being their fish tastes so great on its own.  When in the mood for rolls I love their SST roll and the Mojito roll (this is the one that Kate was referring to below with the thin slice of lime on top).  If you are looking for cheaper rolls, check the back of the menu... A couple folks complaining about the prices here may have missed that.  Septi is my favorite server there, he is so friendly and fun to talk to!  I just LOVE this place and the fact that it is BYOB is a bonus too!  They treat people so well here and I can't help but smile as I see them when I walk in the door.  And yes, Alex treats 'regulars' real well and they can accommodate special requests!  So make sure you make this your special spot in Old City too because rest assured you won't be disappointed unless you are a picky and hard to please person.  Kisso is the best!  :)
This is the best sushi that we have had in Philadelphia so far (we've been looking)!
They do have some fun rolls but not tons and tons of those crazy rolls with tons of mayo slathered all over them, don't get me wrong, those rolls are good but we were really looking for a quality, authentic sushi place with the best fish.
That being said, famous chef Morimoto was in the night that we came in for dinner and we just missed him!! If he is coming in to try Kisso's sushi, it really must be that good!
The staff are super super friendly and knowledgable and the owner is usually working behind the sushi bar which is amazing!
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for some amazing quality sushi.
This place is amazing!!!!!! I went there with my finace and we got the kisso maki, another salmon roll (don't remember the name), and my fiance got the vegetarian rolls. It was AMAZING. My fiance normally hates sushi and went this time to be nice, but he loved this place! We will definitely be going back, because in addition to the fantastic food, the environment and the people are fantastic as well. The waiter was so incredibly helpful and nice, and he didn't rush us through the meal at all. In addition, my water was always refilled. I went back again to get takeout a week or two later, and again, the environment was fantastic! Everyone smiles and everyone is so nice, and the food as always was fantastic! This is definitely my go to place and if you ever need sushi, I 100% recommend going to this place!
I love this place! Best sushi in Philadelphia so far. I love the fact that is BYOB. Highly recommended!
This is one of the best sushi restaurants in Philly! This is a small/intimate place with a laid back feel. Our waitress was very attentive and was willing to answer questions. I got an avocado salad as a starter, and it was delicious. The dressing on it was very tangy, and avocados are a super food to me. The Philly Roll and Spicy Tuna Roll were both amazing. You can taste the freshness of the fish as soon as you take a bite. I would enjoy coming back here for sushi anytime.
My friend Mike has been going here for a while and it was nice that they were able to squeeze 2 tables together.  I felt so bad the workers said yes to him, but then made this poor couple get off their seats and move to another table, even when they had food on their table. 

The sashimi was pretty good and fresh, the ginger dressing for their salad was mmm.  

Oh and byob. no corkage fee. whattttt...
Good sushi, pleasant staff, excellent wasabi. Why the 3 stars?

 Turnaround time is a bit slow. Presentation of the sushi lacked a 'wow' factor however the fish made up for it because they were fresh. Rice was on point as it did not break off easily when dipped in soy sauce. Cost of the sushi and nigiri played a roll as well (pun intended). It was a bit pricey in my opinion.

  Overall, this is a nice small sushi restaurant to hang out with friends but if you're looking for fast service or something fulfilling to eat, prepare to order more sushi and wait or look elsewhere.
I'm not a sushi expert, nor will I ever try/want/claim/imposter to be. After trying a few other places in and around the city, I liked this one best. You'd better really like your company though, because it is very sparse inside, and feels more of a business lunch spot than a place where you want to unwind after a long day. Plus, it's a BYOB, and unless you've got a really amazing snow, rain, or hankering for drinking, I couldn't really feel drinking here.

The selections are limited. But the sushi, salads, and the rest of it are all good. I can't see myself ever returning... but if I knew somebody wanted sushi, and they weren't somebody I was trying to go to the wire for, Kisso it is.
This place has fresh fish and they get creative but the portions are VERY small and expensive - $20 for 5 pieces of sushi!!! They get fancy with their menu, have very few sushi staple items. Besides this place being BYO I don't have any positive things to say. If you go do try the red snapper carpaccio. 

I don't think we'll go there again. Fat Salmon is much better and it's just down the street.
My first night in Philly, an old college buddy and I got a 6 pack and went to this sushi bar to catch up on life.  Took them a while to bring out the food because it was pretty crowded, but they gave us complimentary edamame which pacified us.  We ordered a selection of rolls, which were really quality and did a quality job of filling our bellies.  Also like the casual atmosphere - so far my #1 sushi choice in philly.
My boyfriend and I LOVE this place! He lives two blocks down from it and I'm so glad it's convenient to get here because we come here anytime we're craving sushi...which is often! We even came three weeks in a row because we just needed to have their red snapper appetizer! Yes, the decor is lacking and outdated. But it's a nice little hole in the wall. If you're looking for a cool atmosphere, try POD or Morimoto (also awesome, but you'll get half the meal for double the price).  I have become quite the sushi snob over the years and can easily tell fresh fish and quality and they have AMAZING product and do it with a creative style! TRY THE RED SNAPPER CARPACCIO! You won't regret it!

Getting a reservation anywhere in philly even two weeks in advance for Valentine's Day is a pain so we gave up and just decided, spur of the moment, to come here for our first Valentine's Day. We were sat right away and are almost always able to choose where we get to sit. This place deserves recognition so don't be surprised if you see this review on another review site! I love this place!
This is some of the best sushi I've had in Philadelphia. It is classic, simple, elegant, and always of the highest quality. I love to sit at the bar and take in the beauty of the sushi chefs expertly executing their magic. 

The kisso sashimi platter and the spicy tuna roll are awesome. Also be sure to try the squid topped with quail egg. The texture is amazing and it is decadent and delicious.
Tl;dr - Expensive, small portions, poor quality.

We were very disappointed by Kisso. We came for lunch and the portions were very expensive, nothing on the lunch menu was under $10 and most were at or above $15. Then when the food came we were very surprised at how small the portions were! $30 for about 6 prices of sushi and a full roll between the two of us (along with the miso soup that was included). This would be understandable for a premium sushi restaurant in NYC, but not for this.

And the worst part was that the quality wasn't even that good. The rice was grainy, probably undercooked, and the fish was average at best, not super fresh as other reviews have claimed. Perhaps they use the previous day's leftovers for lunch?

We should have known what we were in for when we got there at 12:30 and it was basically empty, and we thought about leaving after seeing the prices, but thought that it might be worth it. We were wrong. We will not be returning to Kisso again, and recommend you don't give them your business either. Frankly, they just aren't worth it.
Had an amazing meal here. Listen for the specials - they are definitely worth trying. Wait staff is friendly and attentive, but they don't hover, which I love. BYOB is always a plus. Had soup & an appetizer special, plus several maki. Will definitely visit again very soon.
wow, kisso is such a neighborhood gem. i had never heard of this place before i moved to the area, but it is a serious contender for best sushi in philly. they've retained their hole in the wall feel despite being around for almost 20 years. we enjoyed sitting at the counter, where we could watch the chefs work their magic.

everything we ordered was fantastic - we had the seaweed salad, kisso sushi roll delight platter and the spicy tuna roll. i've never been to japan, so i can't really attest for authenticity, but you can tell they have a high standard for quality and technique here.

their seaweed salad is very different from the usual bright green seasoned wakame that you get in most sushi restaurants. instead, it's a little garden of kelp in varying forms and sizes, all nestled inside a vinegary broth. 

the kisso sushi roll delight is a great option if you want to try a crash course of what kisso has to offer - i was really impressed by their tuna actually. i usually avoid tuna because it tastes rather tough compared to salmon, but kisso has the most buttery, velvety tuna. in fact, the next time we go, we're going to get their i love tuna sushi platter.
Some of the very best sushi in the city! I've only ever gone for the lunch specials and have tried a few. #13 is my favorite. Make sure to check the hours before you go because they close between lunch and dinner.
We were the last table in the restaurant even though we were not the last to arrive. After waiting almost 2 hours, they then tell us they ran out of rice so they wouldn't be able to make our full order and would have to pick something else out. Terrible!
We came here for a late Friday after reading great reviews on yelp. The fish is really excellent here - our party of 4 had a combination of cooked entree, sushi platter, and a mixed sushi platter. As others noted I wasn't super impressed by their confusing menu layout but the sushi was really excellent. Not overwhelming with mayo ( aka no mayo) and each presented carefully with delicate flavors. Bonus for the complimentary edamame, cooked just right!
Waitress seated us immediately and took our drink orders. Sushi was made to order and wait time was short. After we ate the waitress did not rush us to leave. We were able to sit and talk for a few minutes before we decided to leave.
A cute little unassuming sushi spot. It was down the street from a friend's apartment and we decided to order some food to take home with us.

Three of us ordered:
- Edamame
- Soba Noodle salad
- Maki Sushi Combination platter

Overall, everything was really good. The Soba noodle salad was great - the dressing was flavorful and spicy. 

I couldn't tell which of the rolls from the combination platter was my favorite, but they were all delicious.

Friendly service & a nice spot. Would love to go back and sit at the sushi bar.
This is the best sushi place hands down in philly. I'm not into crazy big rolls, I prefer sashimi. Their sashimi is always fresh and well executed. Plus it's BYO
Not a modern type of place, but a quality one!!
Menu uses few ingredients, which makes the food simple, but definitely not boring. I was in awe of the taste of the things I ordered. I am Vegetarian therefore I cannot speak for the taste of their fish... What I had was:

Seaweed salad - excellent and different from how I had it served before in other places.

Vegetarian sushi - rich in flavor and very very fresh.
Ehhhh...

That's all I can really say about the sushi at Kisso. The sushi rolls are pretty small and sashimi portions were on the small side as well. Our toro was grisly and not "melt-in-your-mouth" like I expected. Everything tasted ok, but I don't know that I will go back.
I have been eating sushi for 40 years... since there was 1 by the UN for  Japanese clientele. I am very picky about raw sushi and Kisso has the best I have found in Philadelphia since moving from NY. I have found them to be very accommodating and they only serve the best and freshest products. The sushi is cut beautifully which is important also. I love this place for serving something simply perfect.
I don't want to tell you about this place because it is just make me have to wait the next time I am in town. 

We have driven and walked by multiple times over the years and never stopped in until one of Uber drivers said it was the BEST sushi places in the city. AND well, if the uber driver recommends- I gotta try it....

It is a small BYO with a nice, small selection of rolls but enough to choose from. You can also custom make some rolls if you want a specific fish or add on. Everything tastes fresh. I know there have been comments about service (negative) but we have been several times and we have always had good service. 

So go and stop by - remember to pick up your favorite beer or wine - and support a local joint that should make the neighborhood proud maybe I'll see you there the next time!
My favorite sushi place in Philly! The special sushi platters are amazing and really affordable for what you get - it costs a bit more than your standard takeout sushi place but the quality is waaay better. Also, BYO so bring a bottle of sake! We have been here about 5 times now and have never had to wait for a table. I hope this restaurant sticks around for a long time. They have a fresh and interesting take on everything in the menu so worthy of foodies. Also good for vegans/vegetarians as they have a generous selection of vegetable sushi/rolls.
I came in at around 9:20 pm on a Thursday with a friend from out of town. I've been wanting to try Kisso for years, so thought it would be a good option when my friend said he wanted to try sushi. 

Unfortunately, we were greeted with an unfriendly staff that made us feel like we shouldn't have been there so late before closing time. Everyone was nice afterward, but the initial vibe was very off for us. 

The decor was really cool and I dug the atmosphere, but the sushi itself was not of high quality, and rich like I expect it to be when paying above average prices. In addition, my portions were small as well! Even the ginger with the sushi tasted old.
Kisso always has fresh fish and delicious rolls plus it's BYO. What's not to like. Just a point - the spicy tuna here is actual tuna tossed in spicy sauce not a mayonnaise mush that I've seen at other places. I think that speaks to the quality of the sushi here. I've never had anything bad here and I've eaten here a lot. I basically don't eat sushi anywhere else in the city. Go! You won't be disappointed.
A few Sundays ago my boyfriend and I were originally planning to go to Kio since I was having a sushi craving.  However, Kio is closed on Sundays so we ended up at Kisso since that was the closed place from Kio my google maps could find.  This place was just ok for me.  The service was very slow.  It took awhile for someone to seat us.  It was rather small inside with not alot of seating.  The carpet on the floor was an absolute disaster and had stains all over it.  My boyfriend sat in his chair and thought he almost broke it.  It took a long time for someone to actually wait on us and when we ordered our sushi the wait was rather long as well.  

For dinner, my boyfriend got a miso soup and I got a house salad as well as 4 different rolls.  The salad was a descent size which I was happy about because I felt it was rather expensive but got it because I love the ginger dressing on these types of salads and wasn't sure if our sushi order would be enough.  The miso soup was good but I'm not sure if that can really be screwed up.  I did not feel that the sushi menu had alot of options because I trouble finding four rolls for my boyfriend and I to share.  I also felt the place was rather expensive for the atmosphere that it protrayed.  My favorite part about this place was that it was a BYOB!

I won't recommend this place to a friend unless they  were in a bind to satisfy a sushi craving.  I do not plan to go back.
My second time back was like deja vu. Everything was so good the first time we ordered the same exact thing (sashimi and sushi platter and half/half maki). My girlfriend and I shared a house salad to start as well, which was very refreshing. As a special tonight they had fresh ground wasabi, which I HAD to give a try as I love wasabi.

I am and ice cream fanatic, and one thing I missed on their menu the first time was the mochi. They have strawberry, green tea, red bean, and chocolate flavors. I recommend the chocolate and green tea as you finish your bottle of wine!
