My friend and I were long overdue for a dinner date and decided to check this place out. We had heard good things about it and had high hopes, but it ended up being the perfect example of a three-star experience. 

We made reservations for 6:30pm on a Thursday and arrived right on time. The restaurant was pretty empty, but quickly filled up as the night went on. It was a beautiful fall day so we decided to sit outside. Our waiter was kind enough to set a heating lamp up right beside our table just in case it got cooler as the night went on (which it did so this was much appreciated). 

Since L'anima is BYO, we brought along a bottle of champagne which our waiter popped for us as we skimmed the menu. After asking him some questions about the dishes, we decided to order the Panzanella (poached calamari) for an appetizer and we each got a pasta for our main. We also decided to share a side of charred Brussels sprouts. 

As much as I love calamari, I didn't really care for the Panzanella. It came over top a salad of fresh veggies with a red wine vinaigrette, but I thought it was still pretty flavorless. Maybe some extra vinaigrette would have saved this dish, but either way, I wouldn't order it again. 

Although I really struggled on choosing which main I wanted off of the pasta menu, I ended up going for the Pesto. This dish consisted of pappardelle pasta, sea scallops and toasted almonds tossed in a mint pesto, and honestly, it tasted just as good as it sounds. I thought it was flavorful and a good portion size. Although the Brussels sprouts weren't anything special, they were a nice side. If I was to return, I wouldn't mind getting these two dishes again. 

My dining partner and I shared a dessert to end our meal and chose the Cannoli Millefoglie which was so disappointing. This layered cannoli came with pistachio, candied orange, dark chocolate and aged balsamic which, in my opinion, just do not belong together. Although I'm a fan of these ingredients on their own, they just didn't compliment each other at all. I remember thinking I wish I had just let the Pesto be my last bite of the night, but instead I left with a sour taste in my mouth. 

I'm glad to have tried this restaurant, but I'm in no rush to return. If you are going to check it out, my advice would be to try their pasta because that was the only true winner in my book.
STEVIE J. be feelin' like a l'ANIMAL @ L'anima on a FRYDEEE NIGHT IN LATE NOVEMBER! OHHHH WHAT A NIGHT!!!! oh what an **average night!! 

Not often does Stevie the Janowski find himself wandering the streets of what these silly millennials would call "South Philly" -- but on this particular nipply November evening, I was feeling extra adventurous! Hence, Stevie J. leisurely strayed far, far away from his usual locale and traversed along Washington Ave.....with high, high hopes of finding warmth and deliciousness on the random corner of 17th & Carpenter. 

l'Anima sits patiently on a quaint corner of a newly renovated 17th street, located alongside a load of entirely overpriced apartments masked by those over popular and convincingly fancy front stairways and fake facades lathered in steel colored MODERNE paint. 

Albeit 8pm on the start of the FREAKIN WEEKEND after an arduous week of gettin day bread, there was no issue obtaining a coveted rezzy. The resty was ~40% full. Solid ambiance overall and very nice waiting staff -  #BLESSED & #GREATFUL as always. 

As I sat their pondering the fish and noodle options on a simple yet sneaky sophisticated menu, I couldn't help but wonder -- is this.....an Italian restaurant...or a seafood place??!!? OH how confusing! But heck, it's BYO, so who cares! As the knowledgeable waiter performed his opening monologue and over explains a few specials - 1 soup, 1 salad, 1 entree - he effortlessly uncorked my juicy $13 bottle of red wonder happy juice! I was informed that "Chef Luca from Rome" was holdin' down the pots and pans in the kitch -- ah!! Italian, I see!! 

This followed with a impulse order of an appetizer of mussels and two pasta dishes loaded wit cacio e pepe  and some sort of oxtail ragu. Plus, a lil' somethin' somethin' to fill my belly at the end -- a salted Carmel Talenti ice cream?? Possibly!! 

The pricing was reasonable, at $16 for a pasta entree (if you want to spend that dough, you can get a sea bass -- kick your a--- I was craving the pasta personally)...AND, pasta is homemade!! +1 for Gryffindor!! VERY VERY nice, attentive and polite servers, a wonderful bubbly hostess, and quality tasting food relative to the price. As Philly Mag had stated - "2 stars, come if you're in the neighborhood." STEVIE JANOWSKI echoes that sentiment! Would I venture out of my way to go back next week? Probably not....Would I be itching to revisit in a few months?!?! Nah....Would I go with a larger group or dine again if I found myself standing on that corner?! SURE! Great spot for groups -- laid back, casual and easy. 

AND YO! THEY GOT DAT BREAD AND OIL WAITIN FOR YA! 


- $$ STEVIE J. $$ | WE OUTCHEA
L'anima provides good food, nice ambiance and great service. The name translates to "the soul" in Italian. And it's a BYOB!  It wasn't crowded, perhaps because it sits within the Graduate Hospital residential area. In fact, it's located on the first floor of a condo building and it's the only nice restaurant within blocks. 

We went here for dinner on a Thursday night. Our waiter was terrific in explaining the various items on the menu. The Italian dishes were unique and ones that I was not familiar with. Complimentary bread was provided prior to our meal. 

We ordered the Spigola (sea bass with potatoes) and Pesto (pappardelle with mint and arugula pesto with sea scallops). Both entrees were rich and delicious, but without being overly heavy. The portion sizes were adequate. Since we live very close, we will probably come back when friends visit from out of town.
When a friend suggested meeting up at a relatively new Roman restaurant on Carpenter Street in the Grad Hospital neighborhood, I wasn't expecting at all what I found.   I expected it to be located in one of the many row homes or a former corner business that make up most of this old neighborhood  Instead I discovered that L'anima is a sleek & stylish new eatery on the ground floor of a new building with an expansive outdoor plaza for warmer weather dining & drinking. Well L'anima looks really good both inside and out.  The greeting was friendly as was the service throughout the dinner.  A delicious and generous basket of breads and olive oils began the meal.  But what I was really looking forward to and the reason for eating at L'anima was the Cacio e Pepe.  Yes this classic Roman dish is expertly prepared here and it did not disappoint.  It tasted  just like a cacio e pepe you would eat in the Eternal City.
 
Anyway to be honest, L'anima is a little bit off of the beaten track unless you live in the vicinity, but it's well worth seeking out if you enjoy fresh Roman cuisine.  Just don't forget to order the Cacio e Pepe.
L'anima provides good food, nice ambiance and great service, even amid a Global Pandemic. The name translates to "the soul" in Italian. And it's a BYOB!  The outdoor dining was not crowded on a Thursday evening.  Perfect when social distancing is a requirement.  The restaurant is located on the first floor of a condo building and it's the only nice restaurant within blocks in this residential part of Graduate Hospital.

We ordered the Potato Gnocchi Wild Boar Bolognese and the Eggplant Tomato and Mozzarella Pinsa (i.e. Flatbread). Both items were flavorful and delicious. The entree portion size was adequate. The Pinsa is large enough to share and my husband helped me polish it off.
L'anima was L'a-mazing. Very neat seating and reservation process was quick and painless through open table. Was very happy with our server who was OG from the Bronx! Very attentive and friendly. Also, BYOB! Brought 3 bottles and dinner was cheaper than ever for a table of 5. 

What we snagged:
-Gnocchi
-Squid ink pasta 
-Eggplant Parm (smaller than anticipated...still dope) 

Overall, we'll be back. Unfortunately, I have NO pictures! Food was SO good we dove in as soon as it hit the table. Next time, there will be pictures!
The Sir visited on date night out last Saturday, in part to finally sample the new BYOB in our neighborhood that we've been hearing so much about. Many neighbors have been watching construction as these condos and the commercial space have been going up past several months, eagerly anticipating its opening. 

We were warmly welcomed at the door (even without a reservation) and promptly seated and greeted with our wine bottle opened for us within moments. The ice water was much appreciated, as it was over 90 degrees out!
I ordered pasta and a salad (my go-to), and the Mrs. dined on some squid ink gnocchi pasta.

We had a wonderful time while there, and received great service even though they were obviously very busy that night. It's a very open and comfortable space, and wasn't too loud even with a room full of younger diners. We will certainly be going back to try the rest of the menu- which seemed all to be very authentic Roman cuisine. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of my pasta dish, and the gnocchi were delicious and a good-sized portion as well.

For dessert we sampled some gelatos and stayed a moment later to enjoy the air conditioning and jazz they were playing. The ambience is casual here, very bright and romantic. Perfect spot for family outings, date nights, or I suppose any gathering. We'll try to get a photo next time, it was a little bit dark. Consensus from these happy diners: Jazz, Air Conditioning, and good pasta are three things you should not go without this summer!
So impressed with the quality of the food! The scallops in the pesto were melt-in-your-mouth perfection and the sauce was fresh and bright - a great summer dish to try. My sister got the squid ink gnocchi, and the little pillows were fluffy and the savory sauce kept me going in to steal bites off of her plate. There was a good amount and variey of seafood in the dish as well: shrimp, razor clam, squid, and a flaky white fish. 

Our table also got the polpo as an appetizer. The octopus was crusted with a nice crisp texture and the meat cut like butter with my knife. The lemon oil and olives provided a nice contrast of acid and salt to the dish - I recommend! 

Dessert was pretty solid, but I think I was too full to really appreciate the tiramisu and the strawberry gelato profiterol. Well-made though! 

Service was good overall as well. The hostess was sweet and the waiters were attentive. 

Overall, I have to say I want to come back to try the other dishes because everything seemed solid, and the other guests all seemed satisfied and happy with their experiences! I'm only in town for a week, and this has been a stand-out among all the restaurants I've been checking out.
L'anima had risen to the top of my Yelp "must try" list from the recent raving reviews of this new establishment. I also agree, it's very good and worth checking out. 

We made reservations, it was pretty packed. The huge outside patio was stunning, but it was too hot outside so I'd rather eat in air conditioning. So, we did! Problem with inside, is it's soooo loud. Everyone's voices carried and echoed uncomfortably loud at times. 

Food was delicious. Service was ok. We had a few different servers we had to track down at times which isn't ideal, but we weren't in a rush, so it was fine. For food we had:
Pulpo- was good, not my favorite octopus dish I've had, given the bland garnishes but the pulpo itself was cooked perfectly!
Pesto- Pasta with scallops. Again, scallops cooked perfectly. Loved this dish alot, I just wish the pesto was stronger. 
Cacio ePepe- Favorite dish of the night.. this was very authentic Italian like I used to get when I visited Italy. It was absolutely delicious. Thick rich sauce, and fresh made pasta. LOVED it!
Cheese Crepe- it was stuffed with ricotta and other cheeses, and mushrooms, and baked. Another favorite dish of the night... I LOVED this so much and it was more unique than the other dishes. 
Beef Flatbread- we ordered this as additional later, because the 4 dishes we had first wasn't enough to fill us up (3 people). The portions were a tad small, so if you want the best bang for your buck, order the flatbread! It was also delicious, lemon and truffle were great. then we were stuffed. 

I love this place is BYOB .. but they didn't have large enough ice bins to keep 2 bottles cold.. so bring reds lol. Also we had to ask twice for the ice bin, so either they had a short supply, or they were too busy and forgot we asked. 

Overall a very good new restaurant.. I'm glad I went!
By far the best kept secret of 2019...

L'anima has proven time and time again to be consistent and so so duhlicious!

Has not only won approval and loyalty from Mom but approval from cousins from Reggio Emilia Italy.  This place is legit. 
Part of my hesitation to write such a fond review was stinginess but now that thev're proven their worth, time to spread the word so they last forever.

I've probably tasted everything on their menu but classics for me are:

Pulpo- tasty, fresh octopus grilled to perfection with potato chunks, beans and olives

Cacio e pepe- classic recipe with parmesan and pecorino galore, salt and pepper. Mwah 

Gnocchi di Patate- potato dumplings with mushrooms, truffle crema and toasted walnuts.
Do not leave this restaurant without trying the gnocchi!! Best in City and Mom approved and she's a gnocchi snob! Sorry Mom but true.

Calamari- lightly breaded yet extra fresh and crispy served with classic tomato sauce.

Salmon- roasted in brown butter with pistachios. I rarely order salmon out but I'm so glad I did.  Perfectly cooked with a duhliciously crispy skin.

Poussin- young chicken to die for....crispy outside yet tender and moist on the inside.  My only fault with this dish was that the polenta was a bit dry and not creamy as intended. Spinach makes a nice addition though.

Milanese- breaded pork chop perfectly sauteed served with a baby salad was super moist and juicy.

Bistecca- dry aged steak served with cacio e pepe fries is always cooked to perfection and very flavorful yum

To finish things off we usually order coffee and/or cappuccino and sample a few of their yummy desserts like deconstructed cannoli and sorbets of some sort and flavor.

Service is always on point and Brandon is our favorite by far.  Always warm and helpful even going into his own bag to provide Aspirin for my brother 

All in all, an amazing neighborhood BYOB and a place we plan to visit week after week....

Can't wait for the nose to tail chef cook-off next week
The vibe of this place is awesome. It's a pretty space, well decorated, and BYO which is a plus. 

Service was solid, our waiter was attentive and friendly. 

Unfortunately the biggest gripe I have is with the food- it was pretty much a parade of mediocre dishes. The eggplant appetizer special was pretty flavorless, as was the tuna crudo appetizer. My friend had the octopus and said the accompanying items (potatoes etc) weren't even cooked. For mains- the pinza was okay, nothing to rave about. My friend's pappardelle pesto was truly flavorless, and overall the food was really disappointing.
I came here for the first time last night. They have a nice outdoor patio and the inside is bright and inviting. I would highly recommend the calamari panzanella salad and the cacio e pepe. The pizza presentation was unusual and just ok. The acoustics were loud as it got busier inside. 

Overall it is a good BYO that I will be returning to! I look forward to trying more of the menu (and I am not usually a pasta eater).
Sleek, sexy and super tasty. Incredible service and fresh food in South Philly. A gem in the neighborhood that should draw crowds from all over!
So excited to have this gem in our neighborhood! Delicious and pretty little restaurant! Had the gnocchi , octopus and fish.. all were delicious! We will certainly be back! Another great BYOB jawn!
Had a wonderful experience at L'anima! Made mid week early evening reservations and was still expecting to be some glitches in the evening since they hadn't even been open three weeks. However, my entire party was blown away by not only excellent service but delicious food! We ordered the special appetizer and then two apps, two pastas and two sides (for 3) and had exactly enough. Everything tasted incredible fresh, unique and homemade. 

The atmosphere inside is really cute and modern. Outside has a great porch with colorful furniture and the perfect spot to be in the shade. 

Of course the major bonus here- it's BYOB! 

Can't wait for my return, which will definitely be soon.
Just ate here last night! I was skeptical because my friend had gone here before and warned me that the customer service was not great and the food was not what she expected. I drive past this place all the time and was still very curious about it. However, I have to say my experience was completely different. The waitress we had was awesome! She made sure we understood the menu and gave us great recs. We ordered the special app they had for the night which was some fish (sashimi cut) from FL that was suuuper refreshing. We also got the rustico which is a meat and cheese board that was filled with all of the Italian classics. For dinner, I got the pesto pasta w/ sea scallops. It was de-lish!! I do have to say my boyfriend got the pork belly dish and that just exceeded all expectations. It was crunchy and soft I am literally dreaming of it as I type this out! For dessert we got salted Carmel gelato, such a great way to end the night. 

They have a cute outdoor section that has heaters! It was a little too chilly to have dinner outside last night. Major perk of this restaurant is that it is a BYO. We will definitely be back!
I ate here with a few friends on a Friday night. I really wanted to like this place (I've always enjoyed Melograno), but sadly our experience was lacking in several areas. Although we were sat immediately and given bread and water, no waiter came to our table for at least 30 minutes. In fact, we were not even given menus until one member of our party went to the host stand to get them (20 minutes after arriving). We waited another ten minutes before I got up to tell the hostess we were ready to order. 

My friends seemed to enjoy their pasta dishes, but the pork loin entree I ordered was tough and dry, not to mention the brussels sprouts (in my dish as well as the side dish ordered by a friend) were highly undercooked. It shouldn't be difficult to cut a vegetable with a serrated knife. For dessert we shared a tiramisu, which was fine, and a cannoli, which was an insult to the many great bakeries in South Philadelphia. For one, it was deconstructed (flat sheets of pastry with a small amount of cream in between), but the pastry was so stale and flavorless that half of it went uneaten.

To be fair, the restaurant did apologize for the inattentiveness and gave us a free salad and cheese/meat board, but the quality of the food and the service we experienced simply did not justify the prices we paid. I hope it improves with time!
Great location, great food and superior service! It's a byob place and they are super accommodative of adjusting the menu in case of any restrictions! I had Squid Ink Tonnarelli pasta and it was delicious! 

We also tried their tiramisu and it was mouth watering!
Solid BYOB in an area of the city that is under-represented when it comes to dining establishments.

The decor is modern and the space gets plenty of light. There is ample outdoor seating and they have cute lighting that makes it feel super cozy. One thing to note: The bathrooms are not clearly marked and they are so dark! Also, the hooks on the doors are super high...I had to stand on my tip-toes to hang up my purse, which I found rather annoying.

When we dined here, we found the service to be great and the food just okay. The calamari appetizer was good, but nothing you can't get at most places in the city. For entrees, I had the steak, which was alright...the fries piled on top made them rather soggy and while it was good, it wasn't outstanding. My husband had the Nero di Seppia, which he stated was a solid 3/5. For dessert, we had tiramisu, which was the best part of the meal, in my opinion, although they could stand to go lighter on the cocoa powder.

Overall, a decent BYO, especially if you live nearby and don't feel like cooking.
I made a reservation for a Saturday night a few days in advance. I really enjoyed it here, overall.

1. Food was awesome. Super reasonable prices considering all of the pasta entrees we ordered had fish, seafood, or meat in them! ($75 for three pasta entrees and an app). I especially love that there's Roman options (cacio e pepe, amatriciana) that you can't find at other Philly Italian places.

2. The charcuterie/cheese platter was amazing.

3. Our server for most of the night was awesome. But at some point in the night, he left. (But he didn't tell us that he was switching us over to a different guy, which I thought was weird.) The new server sort of forgot about us and didn't come back. 

4. BYO is obviously great.

5. Super cute place, with lots of outdoor seating. Decent sized inside too! The location is definitely an underserved area, and I like that's in between Rittenhouse and South Philly.

6. The fire alarm went off twice during our dinner. It's an open kitchen concept, but they definitely need to figure out their ventilation.
BYOB Is always a plus!  Dinner at this fabulous restaurant  with my family.  The server was friendly and recommended a few dishes including the specials.  The Panzanella,  Poached calamari over a salad & country bread with a red wine vinaigrette very tasty.  My husband had the Baccala' alla Trasteverina, Seared cod with citrus boiled potatoes which he devoured.  I had the Branzino Special also a delicious choice.  Many good options on their menu to choose from and enjoy.
Bright and colorful BYOB tucked in G-Ho. There was a casual vibe to the space, while still feeling slightly modern in the redeveloped buildings. We were seated inside by the window, with a view of the outdoor area. 

The mussels and octopus to were both very tasty. The broth was enjoyable, although it would have been nice to have some extra bread for dipping. My husband had the squid ink pasta and I had the special with scallops. Dinner was fine, but my biggest gripe was the quantity of scallops -- it was literally 2 scallops, each cut in half. For the cost and portion size of the dish, I would have expected to see at least 3-4 *whole* scallops. (I've also never had scallops at any restaurant sliced in half.) 

Our water glasses were never refilled, even though we asked twice for water. That was kind of annoying. 

Overall food was good, it was worth trying - but wouldn't be my first choice to return to.
Went here on a blazingly hawt Friday evening. Reserved via Open table because I was not sure if everyone being forced inside would crowd the establishment. It was about 75% full when stepped into a 7:30p reservation. Remember BYOB so bring bubbly or hops to your dinner (they will provide a bottle chiller). Inside is a modern retro twist with an open kitchen. Nice and lively, but intimate seating as well. Our waiter, Brandon, for the evening was extremely nice and I will say ratings go up when service is stellar. Brandon was top notch in promptness, attitude, conversation and recommendations. We started with the tuna crudo, which I could do without of all the things we ordered. One of the pieces actually seemed from a different cut of tuna than the rest of the dish. It was meh. (Apps range from ($9-17). They had a couple of pasta specials, but I ordered the oxtail ragu (vaccinara) and wifey ordered the pesto dish (seared scallops). Both dishes were of the pappardelle variety, so they were filling and wholesome. I enjoyed my oxtail with the red ragu sauce. Fresh and solid. No crazy seasoning or anything that popped out, but solid. The pesto on my wife's dish was very clean and light. Do not order if you are looking for a buttery pesto. This was lean and green. She had 3 seared scallops on the dish which I guess they weigh out because two were jumbo and one was a tiny offspring of the other. I am not a huge scallop fan but apparently that sufficed for the ratio of pasta. Ordered the tiramisu to finish the night and it was a great share. Perfect for sharing and great ratio of layers. Overall enjoyed the experience, great service, and will be back to snack on the pizza and bring back another bottle to split!
This was a cute hidden gem that was unexpected with charming bistro lights. We ordered the calamari, cheese ravioli and margarita pizza. Definitely great filling options. The calamari had the wonderful addition of artichokes. I do wish the ravioli had a little more flavor but the pizza was delicious. Really liked that it also was a byob.
From the moment we arrived, we were greeted with a warm smile and attentive staff. The outdoor seating is colorful and inviting. The restaurant is BYOB, so we brought whiskey and pinot noir. We asked for a glass of ice which they brought out quickly and refilled when it melted. 

We skipped the appetizers and got three mains to share family style. We tried the Mint Pappardelle Lamb sausage Ragu whipped Lioni Ricotta, the Squid Ink Tonnarelli Tuna Nduja Turnip Green muddica' herb bread crumb, and the Grilled Branzino Calamari & Shrimp saute' Escarole. 

For dessert, we shared the Dark Chocolate Almond cake Fiordilatte gelato Amaretto crema. 

There was so much attention throughout the meal. We asked for our pasta dishes first, and the dishes were promptly removed when we were done eating. Extra plates and nee utensils were brough tout as we changed courses. 

Our wonderful waiter noticed our table was wobbly, and brought over a table wedge without us having to ask. We didn't feel rushed at all throughout the meal. Ice buckets were available for those who brought chilled wine, and they had trending pop music playing.

Overall, this was a very fun restaurant that I'd recommend for fun weekday dinner for others visiting Philly!
Lanima was delicious. We started with the grilled octopus and I had nero di sepia (squid ink pasta) My date had the vaccinate (pappardelle with boar). 

I would have to say polpo app was my favorite and I could have enjoyed that as a meal! The pasta was good but turned my mouth black! (This was a first date so it was a bit awkward, save that dish for not a date). I would not order it again aside from my mouth turning black. Next time I would try the pesto. That looked fabulous! The pappardelle was delicious and the boar provided some great flavor. The pasta was delicious in both dishes and tasted homemade which is key. 

For dessert we had the cannoli and some gelato. The dessert was fabulous and presentation was gorgeous. 

Our waiter whose name I forget was amazing. He was very personable and provided great recommendations. He was from NC if you go in ask for the waiter from NC. 

Lanima is also BYOB!
Great food, very nice place, good service! One of my favorite places. I've been there several times with a number of different people and everyone raved about the delicious food... not a bad thing on the menu. Plus, it's a BYOB! Highly recommended!
Went here for a friend's birthday dinner in the middle of a sudden storm so no one was there and we didn't feel guilty hogging a table for eight for almost two hours. 

Everything we got was excellent. We ended up sharing several appetizers including a flatbread which I highly recommend. I believe the whole group enjoyed everything we ordered. 

Here's what I remember:

Rustico antipasti: elegant selection of meats and cheeses
Reginae flatbread: very solid 
Caprese Di Alici: I didn't eat this but just group loved it. Buffalo mozzarella app
Brussels sprouts appetizer special: can't go wrong
Vaccinara: I got this dish. So yummy. 

Pesto: only get it you love pesto. My pesto crazed friend thought it was slightly overwhelming. She enjoyed it but it is not subtle. 

I think we ended up getting a bunch of specials as well. 

Would def go again. The pastas were good and we got some nice desserts as a surprise for my friend. 

Most importantly: BYOB!
Great space, great service, incredible food. We'll be back.

And get desert. And bring wine.
This restaurant is tucked away at 17th and Carpenter. Nice BYOB restaurant that has outdoor seating.  

We were seated immediately and they provide bread and olive oil to start.  Here's what we ordered:
- Panzanella:  Poached calamari with cucumber, tomato, and bread.  Calamari was nice and tender. Overall good dish, but would've removed the bread (esp since they give you some)
- Cacio e Pepe:  great dish. Enjoyed the simple flavors of the cheese and fresh cracked pepper. Pasta was nicely cooked 
- Gnocchetti al Nero - squid ink gnocchi - my first time trying it. I'd probably prefer the regular gnocchi myself, but this was fresh. 
- Thunnus - tuna pizza - great crust and good portion 
Porchetta - roasted pork belly with Brussels sprouts. Pork was super crispy.  It has a sweetness component from the amaro.

Overall, not a bad place. Kitchen was a little slow to get the mains out, but a nice BYOB otherwise.
I dined here last night with an old friend from high school had an excellent experience!

We skipped the appetizers but we each enjoyed a pasta dish. I ordered the vaccinara which was a paperdelle pasta topped with a tomato a sauce and braised oxtail. The pasta was certainly one of the best I've had in a while, and the sauce was beautifully seasoned. 

My friend ordered the nero di seppia and although I enjoyed the flavor, the shrimp in the portion she shared with me was very over cooked. 

The restaurant itself is a bit dark, but the service was splendid and our waiter took the time to explain the menu and offer a few recommendations. All in all, I will happily return!
L'anima is a wonderful neighborhood addition! The food is delicious and it is BYOB! My group ordered the polpo with potatoes to start & the octopus was cooked to perfection! For my main I ordered the carbonara di mare with sea urchin and pistachio. The pasta had a nice bite and all the flavors just married well together. It is definitely a filling dish. Others in my party ordered the squid ink gnocchi and pesto. The pesto was comprised of pappardelle with scallops &lemon/arugula sauce, which had a nice light flavor. And the scallops were prepared well! The squid ink gnocchi was very pretty to look at with its bright green sauce and red tomatoes. It's flavor definitely did not disappoint. The gnocchi had an interesting texture. It was between pillows and melting in your mouth. The sauce was wonderful and the dish contained plenty of seafood. What made me love this dish even more is that it had razor clams, but I wish it came with more than one. We ended with tiramisu and a strawberry gelato filled profiterole, but I definitely want to try the cannoli next time since it was sold out!
We spaced on making a reservation for Saturday night and fortunately when we called for a question the hostess said she could reserve a table for us if we came right away. It was a dreary day so she said that their outside seating was closed and therefore inside was pretty packed so we really appreciated the hostess saving us a table!
The restaurant is new and still has some kinks to work out. The front/check in area is awkwardly designed where you feel trapped between people entering the restaurant, people waiting for tables, and the staff shuttling back and forth. We didn't have to wait long but it was a chaotic impression. We were seated quickly and given our menus. The menu is one page of carefully thought selections broken into 4 sections: started, pastas, some other pastas, and entrees. Each section has about 6-8 choices. In my opinion, the descriptions were advanced for an average diner and I can see that they might even be intimidating. Our table ordered the oxtail ragu, pesto, amatriciana, sea bass, and cacio e pepe fries. We were thoroughly impressed with how quickly our food came out.  Every dish was delicious and cooked well. Our pastas were soft and covered in just the right amount of sauce. Portions were normal although I think two people sharing an entree and getting one pasta each would be a good amount of food. 

The fact that L'anima is BYOB is also a big plus. Overall, the service was a bit off but nothing that a few more months of service and tweaking can't fix. Our server wasn't as helpful to my boyfriend's aunt and uncle as we would have liked but we still though he did a good job. It sometimes took multiple requests to get things such as an ice tea refill but the restaurant was certainly busy and a little understaffed.  I look forward to coming back for other occasions and once new restaurant kinks are smoothed out.
What a wonderful meal we had at this lovely restaurant. Based on our single dinner at this gem, I happily give 4 stars.
The service was great and very warm and friendly with  great knowledge of the menu. 
All the apps were excellent. The salad, octopus 
and mussels were great quality. The entrees, pastas and fish were also excellent in flavor and cooked to perfection. For dessert, the pana cotta were the best since we had in Greece. 
BYOB is always a blessing and a curse. We save $$ by bringing wine but I would have preferred a cocktail to start.
Overall an excellent and flawless meal and service.  This was a modest priced restaurant with expensive quality food.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. The space is great and open. The food is amazing - I get something new every time. Since it's a BYOB, you can't beat the price for the quality and atmosphere. The service is always wonderful!
I made a reservation for 6pm on Saturday -yesterday. I was super excited to take my husband there and it was just...meh. Service was ok, some really nice people and some that seemed not very happy to be there: the girl that came to offer olive oil to eat with the bread just dumps it on a plate and, after we ate, came by and asked: "you done?", with this displeased face and attitude. So, even though service is ok, there is an atmosphere of "let's get you outta here because there are a looooot of reservations for tonight, c'mon"! That is the feeling.
Food: I expected so much more. We ordered the octopus and snails for appetizers. Octopus was the best thing of all dishes we got. Snails are actually about 3 or 4 on a tomato soup: menu is not clear and just has thrown words in there, so you do not get what you expect necessarily. For entrees we got the gnocchi and the crepe with ricotta and truffle. Squid ink gnocchi was swimming in a pool of super pungent parsley sauce that overpowered the whole dish and you couldn't taste anything but that. Finally, the crepe was cold, like it had been made way ahead and just broiled before coming to the table, so top was warm and the bottom cold. Overall, pricey and not worth the hype.
Everything we had tasted fresh and delicious! Being BYOB we brought our favorite wine to have with dinner. We had the special appetizer which was a fresh cut mozzarella cheese and prosciutto dish, with a balsamic glaze and arugula, as well as the rustico meat and cheese appetizer on the menu- both were FANTASTIC! We then had the gnochhetti al Nero and the carbonara di mare pasta dishes- which came out very fast, and were delicious. The gnocchi was so light and fluffy, and the mussels were some of the meatiest mussels of the dish we have ever had! Then the carbonara di mare, although the portion size was smaller than expected- had such a wonderful and new flavor!! The tiramisu dessert and espresso were the perfect way to end such a fresh and delicious meal! Definitely would go back.
The first time we came here it was wonderful. The servers were incredibly friendly, and accommodating as we're vegetarian. The caccio pepe was not great (bland and overcooked), but the vegetarian pesto the chef threw together for us was excellent. The vegetables were excellent. We left feeling like this was a great family friendly place in the neighborhood. 

The second time was really awful. We brought my parents-in-law. The server made us feel like we were a huge inconvenience for asking for the exact same dishes as before, and all but refusing to talk to the chef about the pesto. My father-in-law is allergic to gluten, and the waiter gave him a hard time about gluten-free dishes. He said, well if you decide you can eat pita bread we have this entree. Dude, he will pass out if he eats wheat. incredibly insensitive. 

We asked if they can put more cheese than meat on the "rustico" cheese plate. Waiter refused to ask the chef, and when he brought it, anchovy juice had melded with the pickled vegetables. He put the bread basket in front of my gluten free father law, and put oil on his plate. again, He is not pretending to be allergic to gluten.

The waiter said the chef is incredibly strict about the "integrity of the menu." Fine, but then the quality of the food has to be excellent. Every dish was very bland and underseasoned. 

The waiter never came back after serving our food, except to ask about desert. We had to ask a different waiter for salt. 

It's a shame b/c the neighborhood needs restaurants, but my family won't be back and I won't recommend the place to anyone else.
I was really excited for an Italian BYO to open in our neighborhood. Its a lovely space with outdoor seating. Some of the dishes needed more seasoning, like the octopus. Prices are a bit high for the portion size. They have some interesting things on the menu; the uni carbonara actually makes a better sharing appetizer than main dish because it is so intense.  I will be back to explore more of the menu as they get in to their groove.
I really wish I could write this place a great review because the food was great. Luckily the kitchen knows what they are doing. The service was below acceptable. The waiter, in a 1 hour time period, came to our table once. He didn't bring us our bread (had to ask other service employees) and forgot to put in our dinner order (had to go up ask). We had to get up and put garnishes on our own pasta (cheese and red pepper) and had to bring up our check in order to pay. This was the WORST service I have ever had. I have never experienced something like this. And on top of it all he was incredibly rude. Will not be returning.
We sat outside, and the atmosphere was nothing short of superb. The food was very fresh, but the portions were way too small for the amount of money we paid. They were so small, in fact, that we went somewhere else after dinner for a snack. The menu is also somewhat limited if you're not a huge fish or seafood eater, which was a problem I ran into. I ended up getting the caccio e pepe, one of my all-time favorites, and the 4 noodles I was served were delicious!
The Sir visited on date night out last Saturday, in part to finally sample the new BYOB in our neighborhood that we've been hearing so much about. Many neighbors have been watching construction as these condos and the commercial space have been going up past several months, eagerly anticipating its opening. 

We were warmly welcomed at the door (even without a reservation) and promptly seated and greeted with our wine bottle opened for us within moments. The ice water was much appreciated, as it was over 90 degrees out!
I ordered pasta and a salad (my go-to), and the Mrs. dined on some squid ink gnocchi pasta.

We had a wonderful time while there, and received great service even though they were obviously very busy that night. It's a very open and comfortable space, and wasn't too loud even with a room full of younger diners. We will certainly be going back to try the rest of the menu- which seemed all to be very authentic Roman cuisine. I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of my pasta dish, and the gnocchi were delicious and a good-sized portion as well.

For dessert we sampled some gelatos and stayed a moment later to enjoy the air conditioning and jazz they were playing. The ambience is casual here, very bright and romantic. Perfect spot for family outings, date nights, or I suppose any gathering. We'll try to get a photo next time, it was a little bit dark. Consensus from these happy diners: Jazz, Air Conditioning, and good pasta are three things you should not go without this summer!
Our party of three agreed the experience here was decidedly mixed. Our appetizers were superb. A perfectly grilled octopus and a delicious fried calamari and shrimp. The panacotta we shared for dessert was exceptional. Unfortunately, in between the cacio e peoe (which all of us ordered) was gummy and very stingy. Our wait person acknowledged that particular pasta was the smallest portion size, a fact we found inexplicable. We will return since the overall meal was promising but a poorly made pasta dish in an Italian eatery was disappointing to say the least.
After a wager in sports betting gone wrong I was in debt to the price of one dinner out and a bottle of wine to accompany it. I decided it was finally time to pay the piper in the form of a trip to L'anima. Unfortunately due to some in-climate weather we were relegated to a table inside (the outdoor seating looks like a great place to dine on a nice evening). We were promptly seated and attended to with no corkage fee to my delight. After hearing a run down of the menu and the restaurants emphasis on seafood we began the meal with a seared octopus and lupine bean as an app. The octopus was crispy on the outside and tender and packed with flavor on the inside. It is one of the best things we had eaten in some time. Since we brought a nice Cab Sav we opted to go with a couple more traditional red sauce pasta dishes for entrees. We split the pork belly with chili pepper and a braised oxtail ragu with cocoa. Both sauces were packed with flavored and accompanied by two excellently prepared cuts of meat. In an effort to be somewhat balanced we split a generous side dish of roasted brussel sprouts. The texture and taste made us appreciate the vegetable in a new way. The dessert menu featured Italian classics such as cannoli, espresso, and sorbet although we did not partake after being contently full from the meal. This new age BYOB had enough menu items to make a return trip for another special occasion on a nice day.
Very good food and service -- unbelievably loud!

Great food but we're really not sure if we'll go back. What's the point of 4 people attempting a conversation by shouting at each other over excellent wood oven pizza?
Awesome space and great ambiance. Service was touch and go, maybe our table had multiple servers and we weren't told? Our waiter just went missing for quite some time so we flagged down others when we needed something (we weren't given any bread and wanted to add to our order). Maybe our waiter had a ton going on that day!

The food was great we got the Pulpo, Pesto (scallops and pesto with pasta), Cacio e Pepe, the cheese and mushroom crepe and at the last minute we added the mushroom, arugula, lemon truffle and beef flatbread. 

This was the perfect amount of food for 3 people, we didn't order the flatbread at first but were kind of still hungry at the end so we added that. The pulp was cooked really well (hard to do!) but the taste left something to be desired. The Pesto was my favorite, the pesto was fresh and scallops and pasta were amazing quality. The cacio e pepe was very well done but needed a smidge more pepe! the mushroom crepe was super unique and one of our favorites, we had never seen this before and were SO happy we ordered it. The flatbread was amazing too, the perfect amount of lemon truffle just made it that much better. The beef was a thinly sliced cured beef, I have never had anything like it and really did enjoy it.

All in all so glad we tried this place and I look forward to going back. Oh, and it is BYO :).
Great dinner. We had the melon and prosciutto appetizer special and the papardelle with scallops pesto. Super service and family friendly!
Very cute inside and out. Food is excellent and surprisingly not expensive. We got a mussel appetizer, scallop pasta, etc. Each dish was about $15 each. 

Would recommend the pistachio
Nice byo spot with trendy ambience, plenty of outdoor seating and good Roman cuisine. The menu is heavy on seafood and lacks your traditional Italian American options, which was kind of refreshing. I came here on a Thursday and the hostess greeted immediately and sat us right away. The seating along the booth area was very comfortable. The decor is vibrant and light. The server came by to greet us and gave us the specials and her favorites. She encouraged us to get the mussels for an appetizer, which was amazing. The red sauce was light and garlicy, and the mussels were cooked to perfection. The server brought bread and oil to the table with the appetizer, which was perfect for dipping. For entrees my fiancé ordered the pappardelle with boar ragu. I was between entrees and the server brilliantly swayed me toward the squid ink potato gnocchi in seafood ragu. The gnocchi and sauce was Godsend. One of the softest, most unique and tastiest gnocchi I ever had. I was very impressed with the dish. The pasta and boar ragu was also divine. My fiancé just loved her meal. The portions were pretty good for the price. We were certainly very full. We could even get dessert. We will definitely be back here. A great addition to the neighborhood.
Went here on saturday night as a spontaneous byob dinner date. They have a great outside section but we decided to sit in the air conditioning. For an app we got the Tonno which was tuno crudo, buffalo mozzarella and oven roasted tomatoes. It was delicious, i loved the flavor combinations, but very small which was disappointing. For entrees my bf got the special pasta which was a saffron fettuccine with sausage which was amazingly flavorful and fresh. I got the pesto pappardelle with scallops which was good but honestly nothing special. I wanted to try it because the pesto was mint and arugula but it just tasted like regular pesto. Again, the pasta itself was very fresh. For dessert we got the cannoli which was so yummy and different because it was deconstructed. Definitely a great, affordable spot, we will be back for sure!
Ambience was great, service was great but the food not so much,
My fiancée got sick after, we though everything was kind of room temperature not hot at all,
Very basic flavor, maybe it was late I know is hard times to work, very uncomfortable, hopefully next time we can experience better food.
I had been looking for outside dining and this was one on the options. I previously had this restaurant on my list of BYOBs to visit for quite some time, and I am so glad that glad that I finally made it. The appetizers, the pasta, our steak and pork chop entrées, and ending it with the olive cake desert make it a perfect evening! The ambience, food, and service were all great, and we will definitely be back.
L'Anima has delicious food. If you are planning on going for dinner, sure, go for it. If you are planning a large party, I highly advise against it. Below is my review as to why I will not be returning to L'Anima for either. My Husband and I live in point breeze and felt it was important to have our rehearsal dinner at L'Anima to try and support a local business. We both came from, and met in the service industry and although L'Anima puts out wonderful food, we will not be returning ever due to the way we and our family and friends were treated during our rehearsal dinner. 

From the get go, we had issues communicating with the owner in ensuring that we had the date booked, what the menu could be, and what times were preferred for the pre-set dinner. Once we finally got a call back after many attempts, we were adamant on giving a deposit to ensure nothing fell through the cracks, even though it wasn't required. Things felt unorganized based on lack of basic communication, which should have been my first red flag. We had 38-40 people attending for a Friday night from 5-8. About 2 weeks before the dinner, I stopped by on my way home from work to ask permission to show a short video which a family member was making as a gift to my husband and I. 
A woman named Rose, who avoided all phone calls with us before and who we assumed is the owner, called us and asked us to have it done by 6:30 - no problem. 

We arrived Friday on a nice October night, and from the moment we arrived through our entire time we were there, we were made to feel uncomfortable and nothing but a nuisance. From the moment we walked in, Rose made sure we knew we didn't rent the place out. Which, why would we for 38 people from 5-8? After seeing what tables were provided, it was obvious the tables we were given were strategically split to ensure that others could be sat around us, which assuming from experience, was to increase discomfort and prevent us from lingering, which was never our intent. 

The video, as promised, began at 6pm. We played it with a small tv on a two top in the corner (that was wedged within our party but open to walk-ins). I double checked with the hostess stand regarding reservations for the table before setting up for the 20 min video. During the video, Rose approached family members standing/sitting around one of the strategically placed tables and asked them to sit at their original table (out of view of the TV), stating: "I told her she could have rented the entire place out but she decided not to". This table that she chased family out of was not sat for the entirety of our time there. There were 2 other tables on the other end of the restaurant at this time. Immediately after her chase, (still during the video) she sent an employee over to me to ask that the video be turned down, because "guests had started to complain about the noise", which seemed unlikely given the video played soft background music, and the fact that there were only 2 tables on the complete opposite end of the restaurant. 

Before leaving, Rose reiterated to other family members that I made the choice I made (not renting out the restaurant) and that we would have to get going soon. It was consistently clear that Rose was concerned more about what we were and weren't doing, than if we were enjoying ourselves and our food. It was obvious that L'Anima employees were also uncomfortable/embarassed with how we were being treated treated.  

We felt so unwelcome that my husband and I were ensuring everyone was out of the restaurant before 8, truly just wanting the entire experience to be over. Family and friends that attended felt the same, they were completely disgusted by how we, and they as our guests were treated.  As much as we want to support L'Anima and local businesses in our area, it is truly not possible after this experience on what should have been a special night for us both.
Excellent menu and nice people. Loved the tuna salad and meatball appetizers. Excellent flavors. And the entrees were fabulous - gnocchi with wild boar ragu and pappardelle with mint and lamb ragu. Then topped the night with olive oil cake and mixed gelato. The best!
A lovely space and addition to our Graduate Hospital/South Philadelphia neighborhood.

Went for a spur-of-the-moment dinner, after checking availability on OpenTable. Chose to enjoy the decor and air conditioning inside, though the patio seating was appealing--once the Carpenter Green park is completed catty corner to L'Anima, it'll be even more so.

Service was pleasant and attentive and the owner was in the kitchen! We enjoyed the house focaccia and olive oil; a Fritturina appetizer (fried Gulph shrimp calamari artichoke caper mayo), which was fried in a delightfully light batter; and two entrees: the Vaccinara pasta dish (pappardelle spices braised oxtail ragu tomato sauce pecorino & cocoa); and the Bistecca (grilled dry aged strip steal cacio pepe fries mushroom trifolati & jus). Great flavors throughout--will definitely return.
We have had dinner her three times in the last 5 weeks alway a wonderful dinner the specials are alway the great but the minute has some wonderful dishes also.  The only issue is you have to decide what to order as most of the time you can not go wrong. Wonderful outside sitting.  Heaters and well spaced the only complaint is they should have more comfortable chairs
Happened to be in the neighborhood on an early winter Friday night and was drawn to L'Anima's festive white lights and outdoor tent with glowing heaters. And then knew it was meant to be when we then scored a parking spot across the street. The two of us shared 2 apps (polpette and polpo), plus their gnocchi with maitake mushrooms and pancetta, and wild boar paparadelle.  The octopus was grilled and served in a tasty briny olive/tomato sauce with small scoops of polenta.  My gnocchi (made in house) was ethereally light and the sauce delicious (though I would have loved a higher ratio of maitake mushrooms v. pancetta). And the housemade paparadelle was perfectly al dente pasta swirled in a luxurious wild boar sauce spiced faintly with  cinnamon. The only thing I would not order again was the meatballs -- they were too dense (too much breadcrumbs?) and tasted slightly rubbery and rewarmed and topped with sauce, rather than tender from simmering. Service and ambience was excellent, prices are reasonable ($20 range), and byob is always a +.  Definitely a **** 1/2 dinner!
I've been here many times. It's a great addition to the Graduate hospital area. It's s clean, and spacious and very trendy. It's just off of Washington Ave. it's mainly a seafood and Italian restaurant. They have vegetarian options. They do brunch as well on the weekend-  which was great. It's currently BYOB. The waitstaff is always kind and professional. I will definitely be back. They have outdoor and indoor seating, and I can't wait until it gets warm to sit outside here again!
Our group of 6 had a wonderful first time here and enjoyed eating outside. BYOB made our bill feel very inexpensive and we enjoyed 3 appetizers and 5 entrees between us. It's a reasonable, middle of the road Italian spot. Don't go expecting a gourmet meal and you won't be disappointed. 

The menu has a fair amount of vegetarian options, which was important for a member in our party. We enjoyed a few of the specials too. Pizza was tasty! We enjoyed the pesto pasta with scallops too. 

The inside was extremely loud (and 50% of the tables were open) when we first arrived and were deciding whether to sit outside or in. Looks like they do BYOB brunch so we will be back for that!
I came here on a Friday night for dinner around 6:30 and surprisingly it wasn't packed. The service was great and the food was good! It's a byob and I highly recommend the octopus! The pesto pasta was good just slightly bland. My husband got the oxtail ragu and to be completely honest... it tasted like Chef Boyardee with expensive meat. I liked it because I loved chef boyardee growing up (and during my college days) haha. I'm honestly not trying to bash the chef. It just tasted like chef b's pastas. Decor in the restaurant was pretty!  I'm not sure if I would come back here since there's so many other Italian restaurants to try out in the city.
Great place! Small portions and definitely pricey but great outdoor seating and definitely quieter and less crowded than rittenhouse squ
