Very cool space, converted pumping station, beautifully re-purposed into a beer garden, restaurant & entertainment space. We ate dinner inside before the show. Great burgers, french fries & delightful chocolate cake. Our waiter stopped by to check on us every few minutes. Fun, friendly atmosphere with wonderful views of the Ben Franklin Bridge, the Delaware River & the skyline.
The two stars go toward the ambiance and decor. I was so excited to experience this restaurant, knowing the chef's background. With a party of 3 others, I decided to partake in the restaurant week menu. For my first course, I had the flàmmeküeche, as did another in my party. This was the highlight of my meal. I especially enjoyed the lardons. The other two in my party had the duck confit salad and the macaroni and cheese. I sampled both, and felt that the mac and cheese was a little too rich for me, albeit delicious. My friend enjoyed the duck confit salad, though I am not a fan of duck so I didn't love it like she did.

The appetizers alluded to a nice start for the evening, however the trend did not continue. For entrees, two in my party had the steak frites, I had salmon, and another had the pasta. My salmon was incredibly fishy tasting and salty, to the point that it was inedible. My friend's pasta was underwhelming as well. Although the presentation was beautiful, there was absolutely no flavor. The other two members of the party had steak frites. I sampled a piece of steak, and that was again overly salted. The tomatoes accompanying the steak were delicious and the highlight of all four of our entrees. My friend barely touched her pasta and the server did not inquire as to why and whether she could get her something else. Likewise for my salmon. 

Desserts were fine. Nothing outstanding but nothing awful. We still tipped generously as the server was not the cook, however I would be very reluctant to return. Perhaps I experienced an "off" night, but the overly salted and fishy tasting salmon was a real deal breaker for me.
The last time I was at La Peg was years ago when it opened as a French restaurant. Restaurant week seemed like a good time to try the current American food menu at La Peg. I placed a reservation for a table inside and went for dinner with my girlfriend. They have plenty of outdoor seating as well, but it was a chilly night so I was happy to be inside. I ordered New England clam chowder as my appetizer in order to warm me up. I went to college in New England so I am tough on clam chowder since it's so good in New England. This version had very large, but overly chewy, clams along with large pieces of bacon. The potatoes were not as soft as they should be and the broth was not the proper color, taste, or consistency. They should have simply called in clam chowder because it does not resemble anything you would get in New England. But bacon does make any soup good and it did serve the purpose of warming me up. For my entree I had the Memphis style ribs. I was just in Memphis a few weeks ago so I know what Memphis style ribs are supposed to taste like. These ribs had a dry rub, while I prefer mine slathered in BBQ sauce. But the bigger problem is that the ribs were not the juicy falling off the bone ribs you would get in Memphis. I was once again disappointed. The mac & cheese and cole slaw it came with was good, but the mac & cheese was also not a traditional mac & cheese. I tried my girlfriend's steak entree as well. It was a perfectly cooked steak but it was fatty. We both had to spit out chunks of fat. When you weren't biting into fat it was good. My creme brulee dessert was a sweet ending to the meal. No complaints there.

My dinner at La Peg looked better on the menu than it actually was. I know what clam chowder tastes like in New England and I know what ribs taste like in Memphis, and what I got at La Peg does not compare favorably with the real thing. Our server was friendly and I was prepared to give a 20% tip, but a tip was automatically added to the bill. Maybe that is the norm these days due to covid, but I don't like the tip being added automatically. With so many good restaurants I doubt I will end up at La Peg again.
Eating in an old water pumping station next to the surprisingly not-on-fire Delaware River (those that have smelled the water know what I mean) sounds a little suspect. It has been a venue and an art gallery with an industrial vibe, pretty much underneath the Ben Franklin Bridge, for as long as I can remember. It is a pretty cool place looking from the outside and has been put to good use for an old utility building. So once it was turned into a restaurant I thought, this is perfect! Like other repurposed buildings in the city, this will be a cool, hip place that got a top tier chef to create a culinary/cultural home run like the FIshtown La Colombe, Jerry's in Northern Liberties, or Frankfort Hall off of Girard Ave. 

Wow, was I wrong.....at least for part of that assumption/hope.

The building and general vibe is as cool as I expected. Old Industrial feel and chic clean design. Really a place you would expect to be filled by young professional severy night, even if the location is a little off the beaten chill-spot path. But what you actually see is very different. My girlfriend and I were the only ones under 55 there and the place was largely empty at 7:30pm, what I consider prime to late dinner time. Since the place looked rather expensive to develop, we expected a lively, cool wait staff. What we got was a waitress that actually talked down on the food, calling the salads "small piles" and admitting all the portions were pretty small, which they defiantly were. With the supposed French inspired menu you would expect good french food with a twist. As the only appetizing options on the menu, the collard green tasting green beans were mediocre, the rabbit pasta was tasty but way too small, and the burger (a weird addition to a "French" menu and probably an attempt to keep up with the gastropub trends) was hilariously forgettable according to my girlfriend. The pumpkin based beer I had and the rosé my girlfriend got tasted like mild pumpkin water and bad zinfandel respectively. Waste. Of. Money.

Also something very important was an article from a Philly based magazine calling the Pho here the best in the city. LIES! The Pho was the main culinary motivation to come here. But for $10 you get a child's size bowl of broth, one small strip of beef, and an underwhelming dumpling, not to forget a predetermined (small) amount of sriracha and hoisin sauce. So. Weak. Even though the bowl was small, the sauces made little to no difference to the taste. Bad. Go to Pho 75 and get MUCH more and better Pho for $6.75. 

Overall this place is not good. The small portions for inflated prices that they hope are justified by the cool atmosphere, fall on their face and are outdone by almost any place in the city not named Taco Bell or McDonalds. The best part of the night was using UberX during their free weekend promotion....and even that was a waste since we live pretty close to the restaurant. The only caveat to the restaurant is that they are relatively new, so things could change, but I doubt they will...and I will not attempt to find out.
First off...amazing space. Beautiful what they did to bring this building and location back to life. Thumbs up to Fringe Arts and the architects involved.

Regarding the food...it was pretty underwhelming in several respects. For example, the pho had literally one piece of beef and one dumpling. I understand that it's meant to be a smaller portion, but the ratio of substantial (meat) to unsubstantial (noodles) ingredients was extremely low. We also ordered the $30 tasting which included a "half chicken with fries"...it came out as literally two small chicken legs, and fries with nothing to dip them in. The mac and cheese was also underseasoned/bland. On a positive note, the salad apps were pretty tasty.

Also, we checked the menu before sitting down. Nowhere on the menu itself did it state that this was a small plates/tapas restaurant, so they should work on that communication/expectations.

Bottom line: go for the ambiance, but the food experience is underwhelming.
We came here after seeing a show at the theatre inside in the building.  Our reservation was at 8:15 and since our show was supposed to end at 7:50 I thought that would be plenty of time.  Unfortunately it ran really late and we weren't at the hostess stand until 8:25.  Thankfully our table was still available and we were seated immediately.

The menu is really great looking.  At first glance, just about everything looks great.  There are a variety of small and large plates which combined should make anyone happy and full.

We picked several small dishes and a couple large dishes.  It took a few iterations to get enough stuff.  The kitchen didn't seem too flexible with fixing dishes so my girlfriend could eat them, but we still found plenty we could enjoy together.  Up through the time we ordered everything was going really well.

The food came in waves.  Nothing really stood out as amazing, but at the same time nothing stood out as being really terrible.  Our of the six dishes we picked, nothing really seemed to live up to the menu's hype and description.  Several times when our dishes came out servers brought our stuff to nearby tables first.  Not a big deal since I'm sure the runners are still learning the tables a couple weeks in.

Service though overall really seemed to follow a similar pattern.  No one seemed to know too much about what was going on and no one acted like they really wanted to be there.  Our server forgot we were getting more dishes and almost brought out dessert menus half way through our meal.  We didn't get any extra bread after asking for it during the first few courses that could have used another piece of bread or two.  I felt like all the staff was either far overworked or were all just getting used to working at La Peg.

Overall I would have probably given this place a 3.5 or maybe even a 4.  Nothing was too terrible, but then I saw the charge clear on my card and decided to take off the last half star.  Since service was mediocre I only left ~17% on after tax charges, which is probably still too high.  But when I saw the charge it looks like it was rounded up to a even dollar amount putting the tip at nearly 22%.  If there is one thing I don't like it's having someone mess up a check.

If you want to come here, I'd probably wait a few weeks until the hiccups clear and the crowds from Fringe Festival die down.  Hopefully service improves by then.
Please note this is a review for the dining experience and food. I am now reading several reviews of people coming here for just drinks and having a good time so i would like to qualify that we came here for the food and dining. There was just a few things throughout the night that definitely irked me to the point that it really impacted my dining experience.

With that being said we made reservations last minute here on a friday night because a lot of our favorite spots were fully booked. We had made a reservation for four at 7:45 and arrived at 7:25, and checked in with the hostess who told us our table was not ready yet. So we had a drink at the bar (which they do have a pretty nice beer list here) and waited until our table was ready. When 7:45 rolled around, they had not acknowledged us yet and i went back to them, which was literally right next to us and asked if our table was ready yet. They said it was so we followed the hostess to the upstairs dining room which was completely empty. I looked at our group and we all had the same WTF look on our faces, as to what exactly we had been waiting for. 

Anyways, our food was definitely not worth the price ($200 tab for 4). A quick summary on our food order:
 - appetizer we split 2 entree dishes, the vegetable plate and grilled cheese (the grilled cheese was somehow served with melted cheese, but not melty cheese if that makes sense b/c it was cold). The vegetable plate is listed as an entree, probably for vegetarians, but i was underwhelmed with what came out as roasted vegetable plate that would leave anyone ordering as there main plate hungry. It was 2 carrots, a few mushrooms and bruseel sprouts, a half of piece of corn on the cob, and cold potato salad. What?
- Main Entree - Burger, Ravioli, and salmon dish. The Burger was absolutely a bubba burger from Acme. I did not get feedback on the salmon, i was scared to ask. The feedback on the ravioli was that it was OK, but not worth $22.

Service, was OK - someone at our table asked for a glass of wine when their meal came out and our waiter said he would probably need a reminder. Props to him for remembering but not your seasoned wait staff.

Overall, great space but they need some serious help on the menu and execution of their dishes. I would not recommend to people dining, but i would return to try just the drinks on the patio.
This weekend was stressful as heck. Like, you don't even know.

To shake it off before the workweek and to kick off this summer's installment of Restaurant Week, I made a reservation here. I've been wanting to try La Peg since they opened so RW seemed like the perfect time to try a few dishes.

My first impression of their space was aligned with what everyone else has said here. It's awesome! Such a great industrial yet welcoming place.

We were seated near the window up a few steps with a great view of the bridge and beer garden. [I'll definitely be heading back someday for that beer garden!]

Our server was super helpful with the RW menu. I had way too many questions -- and basically said: "Chicken or steak frites? Pick, please."

For my meal, I opted for the macaroni and cheese, half chicken (okay, the server chose that, but still), and the sundae. Note that the mac is incredibly cheesy and heavy. On a normal day, that could be a meal on its own. I had to box it up quite quickly to save room for the other courses. The chicken was also massive and tender. As for the sundae, it was fantastic and a great way to wrap up the meal.

Complimentary bread and butter comes with the meal, and it's not to be overlooked. Later on, I noticed the steak frites at another table and had some serious food envy. Definitely have to go back to try that dish!

Also make sure to check out their beer list. I'd say to order a beer over their wine if you're looking to save some cash. Also, their beer list pairs well with the menu so that's always a plus. Maybe go for the Stillwater Classique saison for something light in the summer.

An early-ish dinner allowed for a walk out to Race Street Pier across the street before heading home and a quiet end to a hectic weekend.
Service was terrible. I understand it was just opened, but a week into being open you have to have these things under control. 

- Didn't have a wine cooler for our white wine
- seafood was overpriced 
- bartenders were arguing in front of us.
- food took 1 hour

Our wine glass had a black tar colored substance on it...

Just not a good experience.
This restaurant opened a few days ago. We stopped-in for an early evening dinner. (via OpenTable res).

Ambiance: Wow! They transformed a 100+ year old firehouse pumping station into a very cool looking restaurant. This place is spacious, the ceilings are soaring. They have a main dining area plus 2nd floor mezzanine seating. Even though it was loud in the dining room, the acoustics are perfect here...you can actually hear the person you are speaking with. This is a very casual, brasserie setting.

Drinks: Kate had a carafe of Bordeaux , she enjoyed it (reasonably priced). I had the 'Mister Sands' cocktail, it was very good. I switched over to my favorite Blanche De Bruxe beer.

Food: American/French'ish inspired. The emphasis is on small plates, on average  5 to 7 plates should do yah fine. Instead of ordering all-at-once, we decided to course-it-out. A few of the items that we ordered:

-- Oysters Trio: very good
-- Macaroni Gratin: delicious! 
-- Mussels: very disappointing. They were chewy/overcooked. I didn't like the broth, the leaks were overwhelming for my taste-buds, was not bread-dipping worthy.
-- Beef Tartar: very good.
-- Lamb Shoulder: e-x-c-e-l-l-e-n-t, melt-in-your-mouth! My wife generally doesn't like lamb but she tore it up! My taste buds picked-up hints of beef stock reduction of some sort. It was just damn delicious.
--Crab Salad: delicious, the tarragon gives it that something-something.
-- Tuna Tarta: very good.
-- Seasonable vegetable: the mushroom (Maitake?) and lentils were delish'!
-- La Peg Sundae: no sharing the next time, I want one all to myself.

Service: We were seated on the 2nd floor mezzanine (good people watching). Our server (Ntuthu N) was awesome!  The perfect mix of attention and space. She was very personable. We never felt rushed. Our water carafe was continuously refreshed.

We are looking forward to returning. They are currently building an outside plaza/patio seating area plus a beer-garden/outdoor grill, can't wait to check that out.
I saw glimpses of greatness in La Peg... but they're obscured by some bad practices as this newbie comes of age.

The good: The space is airy and pretty. The menu is big and varied. There is outdoor seating. We desperately need more places north of Market and South of Spring garden. And good ones.

The bad: I had a $3 tomato "salad" that was literally a sliced tomato on a plate. I asked for more bread and someone left with our plate... and never came back. 

The ugly: Despite being a VIP on Opentable and having a reservation, we were told that we had an hour and a half at our table before the next party arrived. Additionally, my punch--which was delicious--was also WAY too little for how much it cost. It was basically a chilled shot on the rocks in a snifter; The glass was huge and filled to the brim with ice cubes. There were about 3 sips of drink in it. 

The greatness: Our server was a true gentleman, good at his job, and friendly. The rabbit pasta was one of the best pasta dishes I have ever had. The pasta was perfectly cooked, the sauce not too heavy, not too much, and perfectly seasoned. I'd go back for that dish alone. The  oxtail dumpling in the Pho was amazing. They should have an oxtail dumpling appetizer. 

The ETC: the bar was packed when we were there. But there is a secret "lounge" table upstairs that overlooks the Race Street pier. So if you need somewhere to wait, try there.

I'll re-review after we try it again, and am pulling for it to achieve more stars next time, as I'm hoping the staff is reading reviews to help refine service and menu (and hopefully host staff and time allowed to eat!)
We'll, I can't review the food because we never got to try it. We are in Philly for a race and decided to get something light for a late dinner.  We walk in and head over to the hostess stand.  The first thing we hear and see is a man who appears to be the manager screaming and yelling profanities at the young women behind the hostess stand. He appeared to be angry that one of them sat a particular table.  We told the girls why we were leaving, turned around and walked out. One of the young ladies ran after us to apologize. We told her he should be apologizing. Not her.  I'd give zero stars if I could.
Great outdoor dining and happy hour. Happy hour drinks and snacks are good, as is the regular bar menu. 

Make a reservation, as they get busy. Dinner menu is good. It's not huge, but there was enough that we had trouble deciding. I loved the risotto. Portions were generous; I had risotto for lunch again the next day and was not mad about it.

The space looks great, from the airy outdoor space (with umbrellas if you're getting too much sun) and a cool, high-ceiling indoor space built in an historic building that used to house a high-pressure pumping system for firefighting. 

I brought out-of-town guests here and they loved it.  I have a feeling this will become my go-to spot in the neighborhood.
We had a fabulous dinner here last night. It was my second visit. The first time I went was about a month ago,  just for an hour for a pre-show drink and decided to have a ham baguette from the bar menu and was pleasantly surprised to see someone actually knowing how to make a french sandwich - hello butter and hello real baguette! Those little details and the fact that the space was sexy (like really sexy) had me wanting to come back. So, I came back last night to eat and have a go at the full menu.

I had the choucroute garnie, which was great - smoky, balanced and soulful, artfully plated, cut with a glass of Riesling - righteous. I also tried the salmon with horseradish cream from my dinner mate - crisp on top, tender inside and  horseradish married perfectly. Squash soup was refined with a kick of esplette - subtlely french - well done. Place was kid friendly too  - my six year old daughter had the cheeseburger and was a happy camper.  I prefer to not have to pick between sexy and kid friendly, so this is going on my go-to list.

View from the balcony of the river and the bridge was something else too. Saw a couple on the couch spot (offset a little from our table) next to one of the arched factory windows, nick drake's "chime of the city clock" and then Otis Redding on the speakers - they had the right idea - that's the spot. 

Only minor complaint was that there was a little too much of a pause between apps and main course from our waiter who otherwise was helpful and professional.
** BE WARNED, THIS IS NO LONGER A FRENCH INSPIRED MENU**

La Peg has been a great restaurant with great atmosphere and really good service. What has been my favorite thing though, is its French inspired, creative menu. Escargot broiled in delicious garlic, a wonderful beef tartare with capers and shallots. Beef bourguignon poutine, god yes!

Also, the style and atmosphere was comfortable and unpretentious. The beer garden furthered that relaxing and casual atmosphere. 
Until last night,  the last time I had been to la peg was 6 months ago with friends from out of town. My girlfriend and I would take family and friends to la peg anytime someone visited because we genuinely loved it.  

We went last night to get out fix of some French staples, but when we arrived, one look at the menu made me realize this place has made a turn for the worst. What followed was honestly one of the worst and confusing dinners I have ever eaten in Philadelphia.

The restaurant is still named "La Peg" which is so confusing when you consider the "new" menu. Not only is it now just standard American menu but it is honestly one of the most boring menus I have ever seen. 

Salads: chef salad, garden salad, and a Waldorf salad. 

BORING

Appetizers: Clams casino, shrimp cocktail, crabcakes 

SO BORING!

Entrées: Burger with ice burg lettuce and tomato, NY strip with broccoli, broiled salmon, POT ROAST???

SO GODDAMNED BORING

it's like they got a new chef and he took a look at the old menu and was like "I have no clue what poutine even is but I graduated from the Oscar Meyer cooking school for boring ass steakhouses and I trained at Applebee's for 3 years"

So we were so disappointed and I wanted to walk out before we ordered because I just don't want anything from the menu. I wanted something that would tantalize my tastebuds but now I was gonna order either a a damn steak with broccoli or a burger. 

Our server, Sergio, is the ONLY reason I am even giving a star. This poor Frenchmen was our server the last time we came to this wonderful French restaurant. Now he has to sit there and explain to us that they changed the menu to something that isn't even French INSPIRED. 

I order a burger, medium rare is what I ask for. My Griffins is chatting with Sergio how much she loved the old La Peg's menu and he tells her he could ask the chef to do something off menu. We are typically not those people and decline the offer as to not be "those people" but Sergio insisted it would probably be a delight to the chef so we agree and Sergio pops to the back to check with the chef. He returns momentarily and informs us the chef has mussels that he would happily make her a moules frites.. Would she prefer a wine or beer broth for the mussels. She, of course, decides wine broth.  When our food comes out, my burger is so very clearly a frozen patty (perfectly flat on top and bottom of patty and PERFECTLY round with the texture of beef pellets mashed together) which I'm guessing is also why it wasn't cooked medium rare, or medium, or even well done. It had been cooked to the point of no moisture left in the hockey puck. It came topped with watery iceburg lettuce and American cheese. It also came with a massive portion of cheap frozen French fries you would swear you bought at acme in the frozen section. 

I was sad and so very frustrated at what this restaurant was becoming. Then my girlfriend told me to taste her mussels.....OH BOY

The chef had made her a mussels Frite in a wine broth BUT the weird and awful thing is he used red wine????? No garlic, no shallot or onion...just red wine, butter, and tarragon. It was bland and so funky tasting because of the red wine that wasn't even completely cooked out. This spoke volumes to both of us...before we were hoping maybe the chef was just under the thumb of a controlling owner who was making them change their menu but was still French trained and a good chef. Our meals last night told me 3 VERY important and damning things:

1) they've lost their identity
2) they've cheapened on their products 
3) they have someone in the kitchen who, clearly isn't familiar with anything other than standard cooking methods and dishes 

La Peg, please change your name and stop serving French baguettes for table service. It's confusing as shit. I'm so frustrated at you because I see the potential you once had and I see it all but gone now. Maybe your focus is now on a hipster filled beer garden so the restaurant part isn't important to you anymore, I don't know. 

I'm sad that I won't be back. Sergio deserves better than you
My friend had made reservations here because it seemed to be the hot new restaurant in town.  Before going I happened to read some Yelp reviews and boy did it scare me.  Many talked about the slow service and small portions of food and how the food didn't taste great.  However, after going I am writing to report that it seems that the management has taken the comments seriously and has, at least for my dining experience, fixed them.  Our waitress was very attentive and considerate.  Our food arrived quickly without much wait and the food was good and decently sized.  I think people may be expecting huge portions but they clearly told us ahead of time that this was a tapas type place.  I ordered the lentils, a potato dish, a cheese course, and the "Mac and cheese" (okay, so what.  I had a craving!) and a beer (for three bucks!) and I was full.  That came out to be around 26 bucks.  The three course meal my  friends got was 30 bucks and the food was good and they felt full afterwards.  Everyone was satisfied with their meal and the desserts were delicious!  Long story short:  If you know that this place is set up like a tapa restaurant, you will be fine.  Hopefully, they will continue to improve as I think they already have done based on previous yelp reviews.  

What my ratings mean:
1 star: Horrible.  I'm annoyed I wasted my time and/or money here.
2 star: Not bad but nothing special.  A decent place if you can't find something else.  I'd equate this to something like McDonald's.
3 star:  I enjoyed my experience there and would go back to try or do more things there.
4 star:  I loved it and would be excited to go back. I'd also recommend it to a friend.
5 star:  A real gem of a place.  A must on anyone's list.
My husband and I went to La Peg last night, looking for someplace new to try in the neighborhood and wanting a satisfying meal.  We absolutely ended up at the right place- it was one of the best meals I've had in the city in a long time.  I read some of the other reviews here on yelp, and it's possible that a recent menu change made a big difference in our experience but honestly, the meal was incredible. We were informed by our waiter that just this week, chef decided to switch from a tapas menu to a more traditional app/entree approach. We had a half carafe of wine (love when restaurants ofder carafes of house wine, felt very traditional to a Parisian brasserie), 2 cheeses and 2 apps. My husband's pho consommé was delicious and the portion was much bigger than we expected for an app. Honestly, it would have been a perfect lunch. I had the snails and even requested more bread so I could enjoy the garlicky oil down to the last drop.  For our entrees we ordered the salmon and 1/2 chicken and both were perfect.  I liked the chicken so much I don't know how I could go back and not keep getting it.  Finally, we shared the hazelnut cream puff for dessert. A perfect end to the meal. While the seating was a bit cramped, I really wouldn't have changed anything about the food or service.  It combined the best of both worlds- a comforting meal that felt like home with the French tradition that reminded me of my favorite moments from past vacations.  In terms of cost, I found it to be very affordable.  Total bill was 109, and we had 3 apps, 2 entrees, drinks and dessert! We eat out a lot and La Peg is sure to become a go to..I'd recommend it to anyone, but particularly to those people who wrote negative reviews when the restaurant first opened. I honestly don't think we ate at the same place and if anyone could be unsatisfied by the meal and experience we had, you shouldn't be dining out at new restaurants in the city,
First and foremost, the ambiance is awesome!! The views of the Ben Franklin Bridge and the industrial feel are great. 

The food was just ok. The bread is delicious, they cut up fresh baguettes right next to your table. For an appetizer, we started with the macaroni gratin which was good but needed salt and pepper. I had the salmon which I liked but nothing to write home about. My mom had the beef tartar which was incredibly smokey and she had to send it back. She also has the lobster salad - mediocre and the escargot which was ok. We finished with the la peg ice cream Sunday which sounded much more delectable in it's description but it was pretty much just soft serve ice cream with some whip cream on top.

I wasn't impressed with the service either. Our waiter was a nice guy but had very little knowledge of the menu. We had to ask for a chiller for our white wine and he could barely articulate the special.

Overall, I'd come back for a drink and an app solely for the ambiance but would probably forgo another dinner.
I brought my Mom and Nana here for Mother's Day brunch and we had such a lovely time. Their menu is about a page long for breakfast/lunch, but they have classics like French toast and Egg's Benny, so everyone in my party found something they liked. We got to sit up in the loft, which offered a spectacular view of the rest of the reclaimed space which was historically used as a pump house that fed water to most of the cities' fire hydrants (which is actually why Philadelphia never had a major fire like Chicago and other cities). 

Overall the food was good, but the space was amazing. Would be super cool for engagement photos, and I've read they do weddings as well.
So I'd been wanting to try this place out for a long time. I've had beers at the beer garden and attended numerous shows at the Fringe theater, however, I shied away from La Peg because of the negative Yelp reviews. When I learned that it was owned by the same people who run Bistrot La Minette (which I found to be a terribly overpriced and beneath-mediocre experience), I was even less incentivized to go.

Fast forward to last night when we finally decided to go for Restaurant Week. This definitely ranked very high in the list of best meals I've ever had, so I'm pretty confused at the previous reviews. Either that, or I just got very lucky with the menu.

Appetizers: seared foie gras and roasted quail. The foie gras was phenomenal, rich in flavor and the honey garnish was perfect, but I'm not sure I've had many appetizers better than the quail. For someone who doesn't exactly like the work of picking meat off of bones, this was 100% worth every bit of extra effort exerted. The quail was tender, juicy, packed with flavor. It came with this incredible stuffing on the side, and the roasted butternut squash and cranberry sauce created the perfect combination of tastes. It was absolutely brilliant. I would honestly pay the full hefty $18 price tag to eat that again.

Mains: NY strip steak and scallops. Both were also fantastic, but the steak was amazing and even wowed the bf, who prides himself on his steak-eating capabilities. The steak was perfectly cooked, slightly crispy on the outside and soft and juicy on the inside. It came with grilled zucchini and fries, which were, again, two perfect tastes with the steak. Not sure if it was the juices that the zucchini were grilled in or what, but I've never eaten better zucchini at a restaurant. 

Dessert: Cheesecake and chocolate bread pudding. The bread pudding was warm and drizzled with vanilla and chocolate sauce. The cheesecake crust was really crazy good.

To top it off, surprisingly, drink prices are really good there. A half-bottle equivalent carafe of house red or white was only $14, and it was pretty decent wine. Beers averaged $6. I'm not sure why I thought alcohol would be expensive, but I didn't feel bad at all drinking wine with dinner. Last, the service was great. Very quick and attentive servers who were not overbearing at all. Overall just a fantastic dining experience.
Absolutely delicious!! I was hungover, cursing at the sun, walking around aimlessly in downtown Philadelphia and that's when I ran into this gem. It was exactly what I needed! 
Delicious drinks, colorful and air conditioned, and gave the promise of wanting to come back and sit outside with my pup. 
The octopus was fantastic, although not as charred as I prefer them, it was still on my top 5.
If you love pickles... YOU MUST TRY THEIR PICKLE PLATTER. Mind blowing.
Came here for outdoor drinks with some friends after leaving Morgan's Pier on Thursday evening. I had the passionfruit mojito which was very sweet, almost too sweet. My friends had the cucumber and watermelon lemonade which I preferred. La Peg has a great view of the Benjamin Franklin Bridge and Columbus Boulevard - great for people watching. There's even an area for cornhole and even a food truck. 

I did briefly walk inside to use the restroom and the theater was very close by. The show didn't start but unfortunately we were told we couldn't go in - it would have been nice to see what they were playing. Maybe you need to purchase tickets?
I would write a huge list of all the things La Peg did wrong, but honestly its not worth the time. Just don't waste your time or money.
The food was delicious. We dined there for my sister birthday, and had a great time time ordering and sharing several appetizers, soup (clam chowder-yum!), a Cobb salad (a little overdressed), the rack of lamb and the macaroni entree. 

My only irk was not letting us know in advance that they were charging us a plating fee of $5 per person for the birthday cake we brought -- though they did add a scoop of ice cream, a nice touch! Will definitely dine there again!
I really wanted to like this place because they had chill outdoor space, and decent space inside as well but they just could not get service together for brunch. Missed orders, missing items from other orders and what happened to be the sausage debacle of 2018 as they kept bringing out pieces of ground beef without any flavors, seasoning or casing and claiming that that was how they made sausages. 

The best was when they brought out two hamburger patties at one point saying THOSE were their sausage patties... Ummm it's okay to say you dont have it on the menu, like we get it. We laughed about it after the fact but definitely one of the worst brunch experiences I've had in Philly. With the plethora of brunch spots elsewhere I would skip over this one. Maybe they have a better bar scene....who knows
We had a great time here last night. It was was only my second time here. I have never eaten here however. Just drinks both times. The first time here was the first week it opened and the outside was yet to be set up. The inside is very industrial chic. My girlfriends and I sat at the bar where drinks were fairly priced and served to us by a cute bartender who was both quick and nice. 

Parking was a pain the first time however. I believe the meters only take quarters. How in the world is that still possible?! Ugh. Pain in the ass!! Nothing like hopping back and forth Del Ave in heels in the dark to cash in dollars a rose the way. Not cool. 

Last night parking was a cinch! Plenty of spots available and a bunch of the meters were broken although we remembered to bring our quarters this time. Go figure. 

I mean, this view you can't beat it! Sitting under Ben is just so pretty. This time the outside was all set up and chill. It was a bunch of us so we sat at a picnic table. The traffic on 95 is Ehh and when the train goes by on the bridge isn't the best, but who cares really on a gorgeous night. The little bar hut was cute. The bartenders were super friendly and quick. The drinks were GREAT! I had "The Overture". So yum! Blood orange with champs and vodka. So good! The complimentary help yourself carafes of chilled water are a nice touch too! There was a bumpin' DJ and the crowd was getting into him! Saw pics later on Instagram of the samba band stopping by. Perhaps it's to promote the Brazilian Fest tom on the river. 

I really need to get back and check out a show. I LOVE Fringe Arts and the idea of this place!! I love that when you go to the restrooms you are actually backstage. Pretty cool. Very unique space.
Honestly, as was so excited to come eat here so I was highly disappointed with how my meal turned out. We came for resturant week and usually restaurants pull out some amazing things for these menus so that you will come back again. Apparently that was not the case here. My cocktail tasted like bad juice. Appetizers not on reaturant week menu that we ordered before hand was fried pickles and truffle fries. No issue with pickles, the truffle fries though tasted like regular fries with a bit of parmasean cheese sprinkled on them, no hint of truffle whatsoever. For resturant week menu both my friend and I had the seared pork belly. This was actually amazing. Had us wondering if this was somehow from a different resturant than all the other food. For the main course I ordered the BBQ ribs with mac and cheese and my friend ordered the NY strip with side of asparagus (it also comes with mash potatoes, but my friend has subbed it for more veggies). The ribs had a dry rub, and only place that had flavor was where the dry rubbed was actually packed on. Any part (which was most of the ribs) that did not have it packed on tasted bland, like there was no prep for the seasoning to soak into the meat. I do have to say they cooked it just right though cause the meat was soft, just flavorless. Only thing that helped a little was the bbq sauce they placed on the side for you to drip the ribs in. (Which surprised me because with bbq ribs they usually bring them out with it slathered on and its soaked into the ribs too.) Don't get me started on the mac and cheese.... I love mac and cheese. This left me empty inside. It literally tasted like cooked pasta and straight butter. My friend's steak well half of it was the correct  temperature of medium rare the other half not, okay that happens in a lot of places where things get a little over cooked. The kicker here was it had a mushroom cream sauce on it and even with that the steak was bland. All you tasted was that grill, charring taste. No other depth of flavor. I do have to say the desserts flourless brownies and creme brulee were good, just a tad on the too sweet side. Overall, would I ever come back... probably not. 

2/5 because the pork belly and dessert were it's saving grace.
La Peg is the place to host your events at! I came here for a lunch hosted by one of the companies (Clove) I partner with and wow was I impressed. With the help of the people who were hired to decorate the space, it was all immaculate. From our charcuterie spread to our 4-course lunch, everything was on point.

Situated a few steps from the Delaware River, with a backdrop of the Ben Franklin Bridge, La Peg's location is the perfect place to be. The staff at Le Peg were able to accommodate our part of around 30 people very comfortably and with finesse. A friend and I even had our own personalized tour of the FringeArts auditoriums by the bartender (I forget his name, but he was just amazing!).

Love this place and would love to visit again : )

Happy eating, yall, and be safe!
Ben Franklin bridge stands across the street and the Holiday Inn Express on the other side, not to mention Penns Landing next door. One of the best hamburgers I tasted! Great building/brewery and service. How I missed it all of these years while passing through is beyond me. I will refinery be back... hopefully with the wife!
To start, the location of this restaurant is really cool! Sits right off of Columbus Blvd, so you are uniquely close to the Delaware River (not many spots give you that luxury.) So naturally, it is a more laid back of a vibe and a little quieter than being directly in center city. Their menu reflects their location near the water - of all things to order on their menu, we would recommend any of the seafood appetizers...they have scallops, mussels, oysters, and more.

The restaurant is inside an old factory-looking building, so it has a very modern-industrial feel inside.

Nice bar menu too - great place to go and just grab some drinks.

Parking can just be a little tough - so plan for that. There are limited spots near by the restaurant on the blvd.
I knew I'd be back but not this soon. We made a last minute reservation. The place is pretty large compared to other restaurants in the CC district so they seem to have availability most of the time. 

Let me say that we had a very great night and were able to enjoy a delicious meal. Our waiter, Sergio, suggested a couple of dishes to try out because we were pretty much indecisive. He was Parisian himself so, I trusted his taste. A nice bottle of chardonnay from the Bourgogne region was a nice start off. As appetizers, we ordered the grilled octopus and the foie gras - of course!  The grilled octopus was very crunchy and  tasted amazingly. Foie gras was another delish dish. It was fresh, soft on the inside and had a nice, little crisp on the outside. We devoured on the fresh bread bucket along with them. As a main dish, I went with the lamb shoulder and my boyfriend got the duck confit. The lamb was really tender and flavorful and it came atop of swiss chard. My boyfriend loved his dish as well. We ended our night with a cup of coffee and a pastry. We opted for the paris-brest. 

We couldn't have done a better choice to spend Saturday night. Thank you, La Peg.
More like 3.5 stars...I'm bumping it up to 4 though because I really love FringeArts, the building, and view of the Delaware River. 

A friend visiting from the west coast was in NYC and took a train in to visit. He ended up getting off the wrong stop and we ended up being closer to La Peg than any of other options I gave him. There's usually plenty of parking along the river so that's nice. 

On a Wednesday evening, it was pretty quiet but there were still a couple diners and patrons at the bar. I think the menu rotates and while pretty minimal, there were decent options. What we found a little weird though was that a lot of the menu options seemed to be more suited for the fall... Anyways, we started with some beers and a meat plate (you can only do either a meat plate or a cheese plate because they don't offer a meat AND cheese plate...also a little weird). It came with several different meats including a duck prosciutto, pate, etc...the usuals. It was a good start. My friend ordered the chicken and I ordered the salmon. Both our plates were good...nothing extraordinary...but good. 

Neither one of us were in the mood for dessert so we really just finished our meals and left. If it wasn't so terribly hot the night we went, we would've taken a nice stroll along the river too. I would definitely give La Peg another try, maybe catch a show there and even take advantage of their beer garden when the weather is nice.
three stars binches

- the fried cheese curds were amazing!!!
-the waiter was annoying the whole time. when we ordered cheese curds, he said "just cheese curds?" in a rude way. when we asked for more bread after we had ordered creme brulee, he acted as if that was such a bizarre thing. omg and also he touched some of our bread with his bare hands which was gross
-the creme brulee was great though

cons are the waiter and the price
My summary below. Scroll further down for details:

- Food was average, nothing spectacular. 
- Service was very slow.
- Ambience was nice (inside, outside and the view of the bridge).
- I would not return for a meal, but maybe to have some drinks at the nice bar outside.

Food: 2 out of 5; nothing spectacular, got the $45 for four entree deal. (Small salad was average, steak tar tare were small diced cubes that tasted like Dijon mustard, lamb was above average and tender, ice cream was solid)

Service: 1 out of 5; it was bad due to the long wait for our food despite the waiter being ok. First, we had reservations, but waited 30 minutes to be seated; second, it took 2.5 hours to serve our 4 course meal (the $45 deal).  Keep in mind these are tapas-sized plates.  The bread was quite good and probably what kept me from giving this a one star review.

Ambience: 3.5 out of 5; considering it's next to the bridge, has the nice bar outside and the cool industrial look inside with high ceilings and good lighting. It was loud (just an FYI as we were ok with it). Talking was loud but there was some good live music.
I was feeling like a spendy Wendy and popped in to the restaurant instead of eating the outside beer garden food this summer. 

I was pleasantly surprised. The service was excellent, the decor was great, drinks, cheese, entree all fabulous. This may have been one of my top dining experiences this year. 

Only took a star off because of the cringeworthy amount of money I spent.
What a cool place ! My friend and I came on a Tuesday night for some drinks and late dinner AND to catch a flick they were playing right on the river. It's an artsy little place with frequent shows and activities from what I hear ! Next time I'm totally playing corn hole outside :-) We Loved it from the start! Cool picnic tables outside, cute bar, and the inside is also quite unique and eclectic. The service was great and we enjoyed a delicious bite to eat! We split the stuffed mushroom appetizer and salmon dinner platter. Serious YUM :-) All around this was a really pleasant experience wth very chill vibes. Two thumbs way up!
The food was DELICIOUS! Very fancy presentation and amazing taste in each and every bite. I am a vegetarian and they had a couple of options for me, I decided to go with the goat cheese raviolis and they were incredible! It has a very cool vibe inside! Had outstanding service from my waiter Iman, very professional and friendly!
This is a nice new place, that I tried really hard to like.  The decor is fantastic giving an industrial/hipster vibe, and to our pleasant surprise a couple nights ago when we dined there, there was even live music!  

Alcohol is unusually expensive for mixed drinks that are at best average as they try to spin off of bar classics (most mixed drinks are north of $10) 

Food wise, the dishes were quite good with my only concern is that portion side is on the anorexic end.  The bread and butter was the main contributor to me leaving full that night.  Being that we went with a large party

My biggest concern about this place is the pace of the kitchen, most likely due to the novelty of the venue, it took rougly an hour between each course to be served, which led to the need for multiple refills of bread at our table.  Our seating was at 9pm and the first course didnt hit our table until about 10:00 and mind you the posted closing time is 11pm on Saturday.  We did not leave until 12:30am.

Overall if the kitchen can expedite more quickly and cohesively put together a timely dinner service, this place would be a hit.  Until then, I'm not sure the world is still keen on 4 courses taking 3.5 hrs.

COME HERE ONLY IF YOU HAVE TIME TO KILL.
Needs work.

The fact that they repurposed an old water pumping station into a modern restaurant and theater is something I personally love.  The restaurant itself looks great and has a good atmosphere.  That being said, the restaurant experience left a lot to be desired.

Our waiter was pretty terrible.  The man had no business being in the service industry.  He was inattentive, socially awkward, forgetful and unhelpful.  I feel like this guy could barely even talk to us!  He wouldn't bring us water, our drinks took forever, he kept saying he was bringing bread but never would and then he just completely forgot plates of food we had ordered!  Just god awful...

The food itself, was plated nicely and looked good but was mediocre in flavor.  There was nothing particularly memorable about it.  The butternut squash soup was very salty and the salmon was very blah.  By the time we got to desert, we really weren't interested in what they had to offer but because I ordered the pre-fixed menu, it was included.  I had the chocolate mouse, and again it was just meh.

All-in-all, between the subpar food and god awful service, I can't really give it more than 2 stars.  Had we gotten a competent waiter, it might have been 3 stars instead.
This place isn't too far from Morgan's Pier in which I had a bad experience!! This place La Peg has changed my bad experience to a positive one. Our lady waiter she did a outstanding job. She read the menu including the special of the day. Food in overall was delicious. We came for happy hour. Outstanding service. I will return ambiance is great. Light music beautiful view of the Ben Franklin bridge
Started with two cocktails, the one tasted like club soda with lime so we sent it back and got it replaced. Replacement was delicious.

Ordered three appetizers. Tartare was great, as was the foie gras. Our third appetizer was forgotten, and when it came out, what was described as, "cider-braised butternut squash, black trumpet puree, cranberry chutney, herb puree, wild mushrooms," ended up being a single butternut squash MEDALLION (probably two inches across, 1/4 in thick) with a large mushroom next to it, some more mushrooms on the side, and the purees. It was delicious, but one would think if butternut squash is the first thing listed in the description, you would get more than a chocolate chip cookie size portion of butternut squash. Also, at $8, would expect more vegetables in general. These are seasonal vegetables, available locally. Price and serve accordingly, La Peg.

Ordered the steak frite and the idaho trout. The Steak was ordered rare and came out medium rare, a little tough, too. Fries were hot and delicious,  very salty, but just like you would want them. I would order this again, but be explicit about wanting it rare.

Idaho Trout was good, but the lemon brown butter emulsion was non-existent --- unless you count the tsp of it that was artfully dotted and smeared across the plate. Would not order this again, but the fish was light, and if you were trying to eat a reasonably healthy/lower calorie meal out, this would be a good bet.

$23 carafe of house red --- tres excellente! Easy to drink red that had some dimension and went well with all the food.

Finally, dessert. Three egg size "scoops" of ice cream. All three were delicious, mint choc chip, caramel, and vanilla, but the mint choc chip was super minty and did not belong in a bowl with other flavors. I loved it, but it tasted weird next to the caramel scoop. Maybe put it next to the vanilla, instead? or come up with a separate dessert that utilizes it? Very fresh and minty, but a weird combination. $6 seemed reasonable for a service of ice cream as that is what one would pay at an ice cream shop.

Our server forgot an app, didn't comp us a drink, and asked us if we wanted a round of cocktails right after we ordered a carafe of wine. When I asked him his menu recommendations, he said he was a beef man, therefor he could only really recommend the steak frite --- fair enough --- but he also pointed out the choucroute garnie and called it "charcuterie". The portions were very small, as in each person got two bites and I don't think any of the plates could have been shared between more than 2 people. Although it's always nice to leave a restaurant feeling comfortable and not nauseous, our $150 check seemed more appropriate for a party of 3 ppl, but I don't think the portions would have fed 3. 

Service needs to improve a lot and management needs to take a look at pricing against portion size. Location is great, so business will always be good, but I wouldn't recommend La Peg to a friend without commentary.
absolutely dreamworthy cheese board. myself and 4 friends went there on the 4th of July and split two bottles of wine while we had dinner. the baby-back ribs looked delicious and one person ordered the scallops and raved about them. waitstaff was pleasant and attentive, acoustics were better than I expected in a sort of lofted layout, and the beer garden outside has fun games as well as tables.
highly recommend.
The ambiance and decor is great here- open loft format, nice outdoor patio. And that is the only reason why this place is getting 2 stars instead of one. 

My fiancé and I were celebrating our anniversary and live in the neighborhood, so we figured we would finally check out La Peg for a drink after dinner down the street at Radicchio.  We tried to go to La Peg for dinner once before about 2 months ago, but the kitchen was closed well before the time noted on their website. This was no big deal as my fiancé and I are in the restaurant business and we understand that slow nights sometimes call for sooner closing times.  The hostess could have been a little nicer about it though. 

However, this time around, we were not looking for food but just one drink since it is close to where we live, and we had been meaning to try to go again. The bartender did not greet us warmly and just set down drink menus instead of saying hello or offering us water. The drinks were fine, but after we were served our drinks, our bartender paid no attention to us whatsoever. Not even a "how is everything" or a "can I get you another drink". Instead we watched him text on his phone at the bar with his back towards us. We were the only couple at the bar, so being busy wasn't the reason for the poor service and attitude. We sat with empty/ nearly empty glasses for about 5-10 minutes. And we had to wave over to a server facing us talking to the bartender at the service bar (whose back was turned to us) so let them know we were ready to go. He didn't even say good night or anything. He just said "many thanks" without much sincerity. 

We would have gotten another drink if the staff was nicer and if we felt more welcome. It is a shame the service is poor because a place like this could really thrive from neighborhood regulars during slow nights like last night. We would have been happy to come back to try it out for dinner, but after our experience, we're afraid we'd be sitting there with empty drinks and water while our server sits at a side station texting.....
Came here with a group of 6 for dinner.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the architecture. You feel like you are in the early 1900's building with really cool decorations.  Our waiter was so cool, social and friendly. He gave really good recommendations and checked up on us.   We all ordered different mix drinks which were all pretty strong and enjoyable. For appetizers we ordered oysters and salmon tar tar, both were pretty good.  For entrè my girl and I split a duck. We thought it was just ok and nothing to brag about.  For dessert we had creme brûlée and it was really good.  This place is awesome in the summer time and has outside seating across the  street from the Delaware River.  Ive never sat outside, but drove by all the time and its always packed and looks fun.  Cant wait for summer time  to come back and have a drink outside.  Cool place.
Not. Good. I wanted to like this place. The space is amazing even though you are practically sitting on top of the people next to you. The wine was tasty and our server was really nice even though she seemed to forget a lot of details during the meal. So for those reasons alone I give it two stars.

Overall the food was bland and under seasoned. The menu jokingly describes the macaroni gratin 'too fancy' to call mac and cheese but it was devoid of taste and the gratin tasted like Progresso bread crumbs or as my dining companion pointed out, like shake & bake was poured on top. Neither of us ate the macaroni past the tasting bite. The cheeses we ordered were awkwardly thrown on a large plate along with the accompaniments. The cheese bits themselves were literally very small portions and they were accompanied by bread which could break a tooth. The potato rösti which should be bursting with flavor had none as it sat atop a boring tomato sauce. The lobster salad sounded tasty but again pretty lifeless. The scallops themselves where well cooked and well seasoned but the accompaniments got lost. The beet salad was boring and we left most of it untouched. We skipped dessert. 


The most redeeming part of this meal out was the company and conversation. There are just too many great restaurants in our city to waste time and money coming back to this place.
The stripped bass was delicious. So were the tiny black cherries you put in my drink. Great service and quality.
My wife and I had dinner here last night and it was fabulous. She had the lamb, I had the steak frites. I think I won dinner, as the steak was fabulous and the fries wonderfully crispy and perfectly seasoned. The space is cool and the service wonderful. The wine list was decent, but has limited affordable options IMO. We had the house red, which was good for the price. 

We split the chocolate mousse cake for dessert. It was good, but not great. I really would have preferred another steak frites for dessert.
Ordered the rabbit entree - excellent flavor. Tried the same entree at Parc restaurant in Rittenhouse square and was disappointed. If you enjoy rabbit, come to la peg.
Had an excellent restaurant week meal here.

The ambiance is a mix of chic, artsy, and steam punk. The service is efficient and friendly.

The food exceeded my expectations. The serving size, especially for prefix was generous. I especially enjoyed the food pheasant appetizer and NY strip with roasted broccoli entrée. The steak was perfectly rare.
I have to say I'm pretty disappointed that I came in loving the venue.  I made a reservation and when I came in the hostess said I would have to wait 15 min to be seated and seemed a little unorganized.  Not a big deal went to the bar where the problems really started.  I was with my girlfriend and I already caught it but it seemed that the one bartender was unprofessional heard him cursing and talking about strange things and even displayed bad practices.  Expect a bartender to be talking and acting this way at a corner bar somewhere.  There was a full bar and the one bartender seemed to let the other one off early or actually just work as a barback.  Service definitely was being affected because now the one bartender was serving the bar and had to deal with all the service tickets.  I even heard that the other bar tender say he would stay on.  When my table was ready it took a long time for me to attempt to get my check closed.   

I would say out of the things that we ordered the steak was most reasonably priced.  Steak I found to be a bit tough even though I ordered mine medium rare.  Server also mess up our coursing which was strange because we ordered 1-2 courses first then we decided on the main course and somehow our main course came out before course 2.  Not a big deal for me and the server was very apologetic and nice.  

All and all left there exactly what 2 stars describes "Meh".
La Peg is a ridiculously cool venue that combines great food, live events and some neat philadelphia history into one experience. I was there for a a restaurant week lunch but am eager to go back for an evening show. 

The clam chowder is SO good. Our server had to mention that many people found it too "salty" and too "smokey". It was neither. It was perfect. 

We were told that the bolognese was a chef special and it looked amazing. I missed out since I got a burger that was just okay. 

The service, the soup, and the ambiance sold me. I will go back.
Having passed by La Peg several times, I was really intrigued by the cool exterior. At night, they have these really beautiful lights on their outside patio and it's definitely a plus that they converted a 100 year old firehouse pumping station into such a beautiful restaurant. They also have a beautiful water-side view of North Delaware River. However, that morning, the place seemed kind of dead when we went. There was no one really there, the staff did not seem lively, and there was no ambiance in any form. 

However, the food was not as amazing or as inventive as I would have liked. They had a lot of brunch staples, which while well-executed did not manage to excite me very much. At the same time, food was cheap. Nothing was more than $20. We ordered: 

RICOTTA BEIGNETS: This was probably the star of the meal. They were extremely soft, fluffy, and tasty. The jams that came with it perfectly complemented the dish as well. Presentation though could have been improved. 

CORNED BEEF HASH: It was a bit oily but it was a solid dish that was well-cooked. I'm not sure that this is something I would go back for. I could have just ordered wrong. 

All in all, maybe we were just in on an off-day but I'd still give this place a second chance especially cause it's so pretty inside. I'd think of coming back for dinner or for a different meal.
If you've been out and about for brunch in this fine city, you will probably remember having spent at least 30 mins waiting to get into a popular brunch spot from a line which wraps around the block. 

If you are ever looking for a brunch experience that does not involve a waitlist or people shoving one another to get to a seat, look no further than La Peg. Though this place is better known for its dinner service and association with Fringe Arts, it offers pretty solid brunch selections and has plenty of seating. 

I came here today during peak brunch hours, following my friend's recommendation. We were greeted by very friendly service from both the hostess and server Nicole, and were offered our choice of seating in this spacious establishment. Though I had previously been here twice during evening hours (on opening night and on New Year's Eve), the daytime view of the Ben Franklin Bridge through the large windows is equally impressive, and the large windows let in a lot of natural light.

We began with a selection of tea and coffee, and were offered a "bucket" of freshly-cut baguette accompanied by a side of delicious French butter - the kind of butter I will gladly eat by the spoonful. For our brunch courses, I ordered the French onion soup and Trio of vegetables. The soup was great - pretty authentic according to what I remember from my travels to France. The vegetable trio consisted of a celery root remoulade, a lentil salad, and a fruity salad involving apple, beets, celery, and walnuts. I thought this was a refreshing choice following the heavier onion soup, but I had to leave off the beets (not sweet at all and very salty for some reason) and the dressing for the lentil salad left a "plastic-y" aftertaste in my mouth. Not sure what this is about. 

My friends had the eggs benedict and the omelette of the day. Both enjoyed their selections. Though I was eyeing the French Toast - which looked amazing on the menu - I had already devoured half of the bread bucket, covered in the awesome butter, so I felt I had consumed enough bread to last for a week. My plan is to come back again another time when I want to have a comfortable, serene, and scenic brunch experience, and I will exert some self-restraint against the delicious bread bucket so that I can make room for that delicious-looking French toast. I highly recommend this place for brunch!
Tough call on whether to make this a 2 or 3 star review. I dined here on Saturday evening with my wife. It was challenging to find parking but once we did and entered the restaurant we were very impressed by the design/architecture. Clearly the building is a center piece and they deserve kudos for this - it is cool. And outside there's an informal beer garden. We were seated upstairs, which felt a tiny bit removed from all the activity, but certainly kept it quiet so we didn't need to raise our voices to have a conversation. So it worked fine up there.

Unfortunately, they seemed totally overwhelmed by the volume of people there. From what our waiter said, they had at least two kitchen staff out for unexpected emergency reasons, really impacting kitchen speed. This caused huge delays; it took us nearly 20 minutes to see someone to order a drink, over 45 minutes to get any appetizers (a salad and grilled octopus) or even bread and butter, and it was probably another 35-45 minutes to get our entrees. The waiter also explained they were down on bartenders and they wait staff were apparently making their own drinks. All told our meal probably took around 2 1/4 - 2 1/2 hours.

The tables on either side of us had similar issues - it seems everyone was being apologized to regarding food & drink preparation times. Our waiter was of course apologetic and credited us a drink, which was nice. 

The food itself, when we eventually got it, was actually quite good. I'd consider returning to try it again on the strength of the food and the unique space, but they have a bunch of service issues to resolve first.
We were a group of 5 there for drinks and desserts on a recent Saturday night.  Coffees and beers were fine as were pies, cake and ice cream.  We found 4 friends sitting at the table next to ours having full dinners.  I can't give details but they were pleased with their food.  The atmosphere here is eclectic and inviting.  It was an old water pumping station.  They did a terrific job of keeping some of the old equipment - gauges, piping, etc.  and adding great lighting and other modern fixtures.  It's wonderful to sit on the mezzanine and look down on the bar and out the big windows.
La Peg Score: 13

Burger Quality: 2
Bun: 1
Fries: 3
Extras:  1
Value: 3

2 Sentence Review: It's a burger for Smurfs, small and petite, just like their name. Keeping the theme, the building, location and outdoor beer garden are all cool like All-Star Snork. 
 
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)
The industrial feel of this place makes it stand out among the rest of the upcoming restaurants. Situated by the FringeArts, how could I not try it?

We were seated by a booth next to the live music set. The waiter was incredibly friendly, cordiale, and knew the menu so well. I'll start off by saying that everything we ordered here was so delicious and on point. Because they're mainly a tapas restaurant, we tried:

Beef Tartare: My first time having beef tartar and it was incredible. Very tender, flavourful, and succulent.

Salmon Tartare: With the balance of fish and citrusy compliments, I would recommend anyone to try this. It tasted so fresh alongside the pomegranate and persimmon. A very odd but delicious pairing. 

Scallops: Oh my goodness. I'm a big fan of scallops, but theirs was so buttery and soft, it almost melted in my mouth. Easily the best scallop I've ever had.

Duck Confit: I'm a big fan of duck, but this was probably my least favourite of the dishes. It was rather dry, and bland. It didn't leave me with any outstanding impression in contrast to everything else. 

Lamb Shoulder: I want to have a moment for this because it was absolutely delicious. Salty? Yes. But because it rested on a cheesy panade, it soaked up the sauce and saltiness. Ugh, absolutely mouth watering.

Creme Brulee: The perfect ending to the meal. It was so creamy with a twist of ginger infused custard. I could rave about this for days! 

Would I go again? Hands down yes. If you're out along the Ben Franklin Bridge visiting FringeArts, definitely consider having a meal or even a few drinks at La Peg.
This place is not worth the hype. I had heard good things because of the cool space, and I was indeed impressed with the old factory venue, but that wasn't enough for me. The food was extremely small portions and very expensive. The wait staff was very unresponsive. It took forever for me and my girlfriend to get our waters refilled. We struggled to get the check for awhile. Overall, I was very unimpressed, although the restaurant itself was aesthetically pleasing.
I visited this restaurant last night with my significant other and another couple and we were not impressed with the food.

My boyfriend ordered the steak frites, which consisted of a filet mignon and a very large serving of fries. Although the steak was good, the french fries that came with the meal were so overly salted that he couldn't eat more than 2 or three fries. He was also a bit disappointed because the menu didn't state the type of cut the steak would be and since he was unable to eat the fries that came with the meal, he was still hungry after the meal (he was hoping for a different cut of steak, specifically something larger.)

My friends and I had different types of sandwiches. I had the Americaine burger and it was nothing special. It was on a baguette and the fries were inside the burger. The construction of the entire sandwich was strange and it was difficult to eat.

For such an underwhelming experience, this place is too expensive. With the steak frites alone being almost $30, it was so disappointing. Furthermore, our discontent with the food was never fully expressed because our server never asked how our meal was. I regret not speaking up about the sub-par quality of the food.

Beside that, the location is beautiful. It has the lofty look of a converted warehouse. We also had different types of local beers, which were also good. 

This would be a great place for happy hour outside but for an actual meal, you wold be much better off at any of the nearby locations.
I'm here at La Peg right now and yes, they do offer brunch on Sunday's and it was awesome!  It doesn't say they are open for brunch today but they are indeed open.  I had the Gruyere cheese and bacon omelet and it was amazing!  Potatoes and salad on the side were awesome too!  Definitely have the toast with the strawberry jam, it is homemade and simply delightful!  Love this place with great views of the Ben Franklin bridge.  They have live music on Fridays too so I'll be stopping back for that for sure.  Nicole is a super nice server here and she was always so helpful!  Great place and I'm happy to make this my local stop for dinner and brunch!
My review is based solely on going to have a few drinks as we had just ate on the other side of the bridge. We walked inside and it was a welcoming vibe. But decided to sit outside and have a few drinks. For outdoor drinks, you walk up to the bar and order yourself. Our bartender was friendly and our drinks were delicious!! Perfectly refreshing for the hot weather. We had one called a stage left (aperol, tequila, lemon juice, and triple sec). We tried to go back as our last stop back to jersey but they were booked for a private event. Those drinks alone are worth going back for. Next time I will be trying the food. You should too. ENJOY!!!
We came here a few times for a work trip since it was a few feet down from the hotel. The drinks varied from $4-$10 and the sandwiches were $7 each besides the lobster roll which was $15. Coming from Boston $15 for a lobster roll is a bargain so we had to try. We also sampled the fries (shoestrings) for $4. Over all the lobster roll was average I would say 6.5/10. Had a spice mixed with which gave it an interesting taste that I was not used to. La Peg has a great atmosphere and we saw them setting up for their movies on the deck concept. Since this place was convenient to go to I would come back again but I would not go out of my way to eat here.
Let me start off with a disclaimer. I am a Bistrot La Minette superfan. No really- I named my cat after that restaurant. Chef P. Woolsey and his crew have repeatedly served classic French cuisine and ambiance to satisfy my Francophile disposition.

When I saw the news that LP was opening in FringeArts, I wasn't aware that they literally meant the lobby. What they've done with the interior of the previously stark FA building is truly artful, creating a bi-level restaurant with the bar as the main focus. 

Conflicts of interest aside, my Thursday experience with my girlfriend at LP definitely exhibited the elements of a truly successful brassiere style restaurant. Here are my thoughts:

Cocktails-

I had the Intermission, which I found very refreshing as I was expecting something more Negroni-style. My girlfriend had the French 75 which was right on, although they could have used a more inspiring gin than Beefeater.

I think this local provides ample opportunity for a "craft-cocktail" scene- a place some creativity can go a long way with the guests. I noticed that most of the drinks were rum/sweet based- not my particular go to when thinking about brassieres. I would like to see some adoption of spirits that lend themselves to the concept of the restaurant. Perhaps some new takes on chartreuse/armangacs/cognacs cocktails (already offered as digestives/aperitifs alone) would be a good addition to their signature cocktails.

I really appreciated their beer list. PA is heavily represented, with only one french beer on tap. Bottles showed more diversity, mostly European. I hope they take advantage of Trappist-style beers produced across the US (particularly those from Allagash in Maine).

Great wine list, although

The menu-

Covering a range of cultures, the menu is perhaps a little diverse for the concept of a frenchy/borderline Germanic brassiere. We played along though, trying the Pho Consommé. I found the broth to be both rich and complex, similar to the other pho joints on Washington Ave. Oxtail ravioli was a treasure. While I liked it, I am not sure where it fit into the context of the rest of the meal.

Seared scallops were fantastic and probably the best thing we ate- no surprise as we know P. Woolsey can cook a scallop.

I was really looking forward to the burger. But do to some service issue it came out room temperature. We ate it anyway because it was delicious, and we wanted to extrapolate the flavor of the real thing at temperature for a future visit. I think the flavors were earthy but slightly sweet. Paired with the fries, it was a real treat (and this is coming from someone who lives next door and frequents to the Royal Tavern). I enjoyed it with a Kronenbourg on tap.

At this point we were also served two mysterious dipping sauces, presumably for the fries although they might have been for the pho. We didn't ask for clarification and proceeded to enjoy the sauces with the fries. One was a sriracha base and the other was hoisin. While I really enjoyed them, I think some type of aioli would have worked better.

We also ordered a side of spinach with shallots- delicious sauce!

Finished with crème brûlée because I cannot make it at home. I haven't had better.

Throughout all this there were a number of services issues with our order. Our kind waiter noticed this, and invited P. Woolsey over to talk it out. All-in-all they made it up to us (probably with the influence from Mike Slavin, a true gem in restaurant management they brought over from BLM). For only being open 3 weeks now, there is a lot of promise at this place.

Please do something about the menus. They are awkwardly large and difficult to digest as presented.

I'll be back, not just because of my love for BLM, but because the shortest commute to the equivalent brasserie would involve going to Montréal- and that's just not in the cards. Good work guys- consider poutine on the apps list at some point, maybe?
Flammekeuche - 3.5/5 the thick cut bacon was more like pork belly which made the dish.  Not the best flammekeuche I've had but it grew on me the more I ate it.

Toast Forestiere - 4.5/5 chanterelle mushrooms in a mushroom sauce. Great, creamy, earthy flavor. Decent with the accompanying toast, great on it's own. I could've drank/eaten the entire dish.

Onion Soup Gratinee - 4.5/5 French onion soup. Huge croutons. Bold flavor, solid French onion soup broth. Cheese could've been a little gooier.

Butternut Squash Soup - 3.5/5 Another good soup. Spiced pecans in the soup was a good addition. Good butternut squash flavor. A little too rich that I could only eat half.

Salmon - 3/5 Standard. Nothing I'm excited about or not like. Maybe a little on the blander side for my taste. More sauce would've worked. Cooked medium rare was perfect.

Duck Confit - 4.5/5 Well the skin was 4.5 & the meat was 4. Perfect skin, fat melted under the skin yet the skin stayed crispy. Asparagus were grilled well. Orange sauce went well with it.

Lamb Shank - 4/5 Generous portions. Tender, falls right off the bone. The sauce could've been bolder but I dig bold sauces.

Creme brulee - 5/5 That was my favorite creme brulee although it wasn't done like a traditional creme brulee. The inside was more creamy and the sugar layer was thicker but I really like that it was done that way. It had a strong vanilla flavor which did it for me.

Mint chocolate chip ice cream -  4/5 - holy fresh mint, which was really cool. Consistency was a little off.

Mousse cake - 4/5 - Really good creamy mousse layered between standard cake. Great finish for chocolate lovers.
Came here for a pretty early brunch before an Arden Saturday matinee; had heard good things and wanted to try it out with one of my foodier friends.  We were seated on the upstairs balcony, so good views of the bridge and the river.  (The hostess even encouraged me to sit in the lounge while waiting for my friend to arrive.  The lounge is a large sofa, a couple of chairs, and a coffee table, arranged to look out one window.  Calling it a "lounge" is a little hyperbolic.)

I had the eggs Benedict, my friend started with a trio of small vegetable salads, then beef tartare.  My eggs were PERFECTLY cooked, with a very, very good Hollandaise sauce.  The home-made English muffin's texture really broke down under that, though, and devolved into a weird mix of crumbs and mush.  Tasty crumbs and mush, but still...  The breakfast potatoes, while beautiful to look at, had no flavor at all.  None.  Zilch.  There was no salt or pepper on any table, so I couldn't doctor it up myself without making a bit of a scene, and I don't make scenes, even if I should.

My friend fared better: her trio of salads - beets, lentils, and slaw - was a big hit, especially the lentils.  Well seasoned, a good contrast to each other, and while each would have been too small on its own, as part of a trio the portion size was fine/slightly large.  She absolutely loved the beef tartare, said it was the best she'd had in a long time.

We each had a glass of a French chardonnay, which was very nice and came on the recommendation of Rocco, our server.  Unlike many of the lower-rated review writers here, we had good service - maybe because they weren't that busy on a cold January day?  I hope it's because they are working to train their staff more thoroughly than perhaps they did at the start.

As so many have noted, the space is terrific, and in the warmer weather when they open their outdoor garden space, that should be fun to try.  On a crowded night, I expect it could get rather noisy, especially for those in the upstairs space, but it has very high ceilings so perhaps all the sound would just disappear up there.

I was a little disappointed overall with the restaurant, mostly because I had had such high expectations.  But I'll definitely come back and try it again.
My wife and I biked past the restaurant last summer and intended to visit sometime in the fall.  We finally made our way down to La Peg this weekend.

The space is thoughtfully designed and, although industrial, feels warm and inviting.  We love eating at bars rather than sitting at tables (too formal).  So, we took a couple of stools at the well-stocked bar.  We had some questions for the bartender about some of the aperitifs on their extensive list.  He was extremely knowledgable and friendly.  It was really a wonderful little lesson on some of the bottles they stock.

Bread was promptly served with our aperitifs.  Wonderful, toasted French baguettes with soft, warm butter.  We started with a cheese plate; the selection does not disappoint.  The cheese plate came with perfectly selected accompaniments (cured pear, honey and raspberry preserves).  The service was prompt, but not rushed, as we discussed our entrees.

We followed cheese with the steak frites and the sea bass.  The steak was cooked a little more than my wife usually prefers (medium rare).  However, the seasoning was fantastic and the fries were excellent.  My sea bass was expertly prepared and salted (my biggest complaint with sea bass served in most restaurants).  

I also liked that the wine list has several options of acceptable wines under $50 per bottle, a rarity in the city lately.

Desserts are a bit disappointing and mostly an afterthought in our opinion.  But, you should judge them on your own.  The after-dinner esspresso i had was well-made and completed a really great meal for this early spring evening out.  You'll get great value for your money at this great restaurant.
Let me just start off by saying the service was great, very friendly and always checked in on us....the one star is for the atrocious , inedible food.

 We ordered the blueberry beignets, salmon gravlax and fried cheese curds.  All there were just awful...when they served the beignets, it was noticeably burnt. Not sure if they thought sprinkling powdered sugar would mask it, but we were already off to a bad start. The taste matched the exterior, really gummy and dense, which is not how a beignet should be. Next, the salmon gravlax, two failed attempts of poached eggs served on limp boiled asparagus with a watery dill sauce with no seasoning. Finally, the cheese curds, hard to mess that one up, but the cheese was tough and tasted like it was just reheated. The potion size was also tiny, 6 tiny beignets, two BADLY poached eggs on a bed of soggy asparagus and a tiny ramekin of cheese curds??? I have NEVER had such a terrible brunch experience in Philly.
I'm not sure what the negative reviews are about.  We had a wonderful experience on Friday night.  The hostess was very pleasant, and our waiter was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu.  I had the heirloom tomato salad, which was amazing, and the duck confit salad (this was good but was not the highlight for me - I think the duck was a little overdone and the dressing was too heavy).  Husband had a delicious onion soup and the chicken entrée, which was amazing.  They have a $30 fixed price menu which is a bargain, and a very good wine list.  The restaurant itself has a great space - they've restored an old warehouse in a very classy way that gives it a very cool vibe.  The food is similar to Parc, but the atmosphere is completely different.  As a side note, the bread and butter they brought out before our food were some of the best I've had this side of the Atlantic.
Terrible service. We had to wait a ridiculous amount of time, even though we had a reservation, and our server had an attitude the whole night.
ŪI've passed by La Peg several times and always said that I would give it a shot. It is kind of off on it's own on the north end of Columbus Blvd (across from Race Street Pier). My friend and I stopped in for dinner the other night and we were pleasantly surprised.

We were greeted by friendly hostesses and our server was very pleasant as well. We both got the French Onion Soup, which was incredible good! My friend got the Fringe Burger, which had so good. It definitely made me regret what I ordered, even though my dish was good as well! I ordered the Semolina Terrine, that had a very tasty ragu.

The atmosphere was probably the best thing about this restaurant. I loved the open layout and the upstairs section. I would love to come back and even try the beer garden outside. 

FYI - The beer garden outside looks like a lot of fun. There was plenty of outside seating, a walk-up bar and cornhole games!
Not sure what the negative reviews are about. Plates are bound to be small, even a burger, when a restaurant specializes in..... Drumroll... Small plates. 

I had a really great meal at La Peg and will definitely be returning. The service was equally impressive and the building itself is really neat. I suggest sitting upstairs if you can!
It's a great space . . . but that's the best I can say. Our server was badly under-trained. The food was ok--no better than that--and given how much great food there is in this city, that's a minus. (The crab salad seemed to be missing most of the ingredients listed on the menu.) And when my husband asked if he could substitute green beans for the fries that came with the roast chicken (he can't eat potatoes for medical reasons), they said no. Worth a try; love the building; won't be going back.
This place is great! They have great happy hours specials inside and the bartenders are very friendly. During the summer they have a bar and tables outside. Drinks are moderately priced and they have a good selection of beer and cocktails. There are also outside games which is a nice touch. The outside food menu is great for a quick cheap bite. You can order at the bar and a waiter or waitress will bring your food over to your table when it is ready. There are always people here but it is never hard to get a table. I love that they are dog friendly and will even bring over a water bowl and treat for your pup!
We held our office party here in the mezzanine upstairs, so it's an hors d'oeuvres based review.  If regular meals are equal to what we'd eaten, I'd probably add another star, because the food is terrific. We were there on a Tuesday night, so the place was nearly empty, but for our group of sixty.  Under the circumstances, the service was also terrific.  I'd probably add another star if the same is true on a Friday or Saturday night.  It's all street parking, mostly along Columbus Boulevard at $1.50 per hour.  There are no credit-card machines, so bring quarters.  Kudos to the bar staff; they stock lots of change just for this purpose.
Disclaimer: I sat outside and ordered from the Seafood Shack. We asked to sit outside and my impression was that you could only order from the seafood shack if you sat outside. It was a beautiful night and we didn't realize the menu would be so limited so we did it. Outside you order all your food and drinks from the shack and someone will bring your food to the table. Service was really quick. 

I ordered the $13 crab poutine and it was pretty disappointing. The crab on top was more like a crab/mayo salad. Drink selection was okay. There was a bin filled with containers of ice water that you could bring to your table. What makes this place is the ambiance. You are right across the street from the race street pier. I was surprised that there were still a couple tables open around 8pm on a Friday night. Maybe it's because of the limited menu. 

I'd love to go back and try the dinner or brunch menu. I will update my review if I do.
The atmosphere was great--The space is really interesting, and for a large room with tall ceilings, it was surprisingly easy to have a conversation without shouting or having trouble hearing one another. The service overall was friendly and attentive, and I was especially impressed when I was three blocks into my walk home when one of the staff came running up, holding my purse, which I'd left at the table. The fact that he chased us down during a busy Saturday night service was really above and beyond, in my book.  

Food was good, though I wouldn't say it was amazing. There were a few inconsistencies between what the menu stated and what we were actually served; for example, while the menu described the cheese board as coming with truffle honey, the food runner who delivered the board said it would be jalapeno honey, and it turned out to be regular honey. That said, the cheese was good, and my dining mates loved the bacon jam. 

I'll definitely be back, and look forward to checking out the beer garden.
La Peg is the restaurant in the new Fringearts building on Columbus Blvd and what a wonderful restaurant it is. Amazing refurbished firehouse with expansive ceilings, open and lively bar and wonderful food/drinks.

Prices are reasonable

must haves
pan roasted triped bass
crab salad appetizer
lamb shoulder

Didn't have any dessert but those choices looked delicious as well.
Head on over as you won't be disappointed.
My fiancé and I ate here after we took our engagement pictures on race street pier and then in the beer garden. We absolutely love the industrial look/feel of la peg...it would totally be an awesome wedding venue. We have been talking about eating here ever since we ate at bistrot la minette. We didn't make a reservation and it seemed that they had some other tables available (maybe because it was later). The bread for the table was warm, fresh, and delicious! We started with the heirloom tomato salad (garbanzo bean purée with lemon), which was so refreshing. We then had the Semolina terrine (gnocchi in terrine form with porcini ragu). It had such great mushroom flavor (creamy), yum yum yum! Last, we ate the bouillabaisse (mix of seafood), which I thought was pretty small. The sauce of the bouillabaisse was very good. For French food in the city, I'm torn between here and bistrot la minette!!
The place is a fantastic local by the water and really great ambiance. I wouldn't recommend this place if you are hungry because they take a long time to seat you.

The great things to order are all the veggie small plates and this place has very small portions! Get the Mac and cheese and order a lot of the craft selections!
Came here without a reservation right before the dinner rush and were seated promptly. If you want to sit upstairs I would probably make a reservation. I wanted to come here while visiting philly to eat right by the bridge/river. The interior/vibe of the restaurant was very hip! Got the Meat Board to start, was pretty good but they don't give you much for a meat plate so I would go for an appetizer instead of a board. We had the ribs for the main and it was to die for, would come again just for the ribs. For dessert we had the La Peg Bomb Blaster, which was  a fun a delicious way to end the meal! There's an outside seating area and games as well.
We had our wedding here in November 2016 and cannot recommend the staff, the space, or the food highly enough.  We wanted to throw a big party for all our friends and family - no ceremony since we were already married in New York - and La Peg was the perfect venue for us to realize our vision.  In particular, working with Liz, their special events coordinator, was a dream.  She was clear, consistent, and coordinated everything so that we didn't have to do much on our end.  Our guests raved about the food and the service from both bartenders and servers. 

Best of all is the space itself: gorgeously decorated, nice big windows with a great view of the Bridge and the river.  We really appreciated La Peg's flexibility with the whole party, and found it to be perfectly accommodating and a great space.  Coming from Brooklyn, we also found the price to be very reasonable (we rented out the whole place on a Saturday night in November for 6 hours).  Highly recommend for a special event!
It bums me out that I have to write negative things about this place because it location and set up is incredible, the outside bar area at night when the weather is so beautiful, it's close to the water but does not have that Delaware river smell that other parts of the waterfront suffer from but after some deliberation I feel compelled to share my thoughts.

I got pretty excited about this place based on the looks, the beautiful weather, cool design; what else could you ask for? Unfortunately the two times I have gone here I couldn't help but feel like I was intruding. Is this place a private club? My friend and I sat at the bar and watched as the bartender skipped over us repeatedly, it was sort of busy (it wasn't busy enough to justify her actions) so we let it slide with our first round, but when he went up to get a second round of beers it was the same treatment. No exaggeration, the first round took 10 minutes and the second round another 10 minutes, there were less than 20 people in the whole outside seating area and less than 5 at the bar.

The service was bad enough to make me think I was crashing a private party and no one wanted to tell us to leave. Not sure what is going on with this place, I really want to like it but as it stands they have a lot of room for improvement.
Date Night with my BF at La Peg was very romantic!  We had a table with a view of the Ben Franklin Bridge, in the upper corner upstairs, and was basically by ourselves for most of the time we were there.  It made us feel very special.

From the appetizer to dessert, everything was high end cuisine wonderful!  We had steak for date night (like of course, right?), and it was juicy and tender.  I remember that I RAVED about the flakiness of the crust on the dessert.  It was like a phyllo dough thing with a fruity jam in it.  Crispy golden deliciousness!

Parking was pretty easy on the street (it was a late reservation, like 7:30 pm).  I was very happy we were able to enjoy, as we wouldn't be able to afford it on a regular night.

I don't think you will be disappointed if you decide to splurge.
Probably the worst burger I've ever had. Ordered it medium and it was well down to the point of being charred. Terrible and a waste of 9 dollars. If you want a good burger, hit up Prime Stache in Old City. 

The only reason why this is getting 2 stars is because the servers and staff are extremely friendly and nice.
I checked out both La Peg's beer garden and brunch within the same week. I stopped by at the beer garden for the pop up ice-bar (the second time around after it melted the first time) on a Friday evening. The ice bar it self looked kind of cool & the fire pits were a nice touch but I was expecting an enclosed place, not sitting in the cold right next to the highway in the middle of winter. My friend and I both tried spiked hot chocolates which were good (but mine could have been hotter), mine had peppermint schnapps and his had kahlua. It was cool to try something different but it was pretty hyped up for what it actually was. I prefer this beer garden over the summer... for it's outdoor movies/games! 

Just a few days later, I went back for Sunday brunch. It was my first time inside the venue and it was beautiful. The tall ceilings, industrial feel, & openness of the area was really different & refreshing from the typical cramped spot you might go to. It was a group of about 12 of us which I understand is a large group -- however the waiter was super confused & flustered by anything and everything we were asking and was extremely confused by the checks at the end, even though we patiently listed it out for him. I'm not sure if he was new or if he just wasn't used to such a large group, but he did apologize at the end which was appreciated. I thought the prices were average to the higher side. My friend and I split the salmon gravlax and the blueberry beignets. I usually don't eat a lot in one sitting and found myself to still be hungry after the dishes. Both dishes were nothing special... the salmon gravlax was bland and a tiny portion. The beignets were a little too thick and didn't have enough blueberries. I tried a bite of my friends burger & a couple potatoes -- both which were nothing special. It was nice that they gave unlimited fresh french baguette slices w/ butter though. I'm not sure if I would be back for food though...
The place looks nice and I was expecting great things based on the menu. However this place did not deliver. As a white wine drinker, I was disappointed that they do not offer Sauvignon Blanc, Chardonnay or Pinot Grigio by the glass, only by the bottle.  If you're going by the glass your options are some obscure Spanish white, a Riesling or a Bordeaux blend.  The food.. The raw bar was excellent and very fresh. The foie gras was the worst I ever tasted. Felt like it was pate bought in bulk at a Costco. We ordered cheese, which arrived frozen on the inside. The striped bass was over cooked. The staff was very friendly and attentive however the food was subpar.
Brunch! Yelp has La Peg listed as closed right now but I'm sitting here with a tummy full of delicious traditional French omelette. We also split the poutine and it was amazing! Biscuits and gravy were wonderful! Great service, super cool space, and easy location.
We can to Philly for the terror behind the walls - haunted easter state penitentiary. We sat down to get a bite before our ticket time and realized that we didn't have enough time a full meal. We had the meat plate and a beer each due to how pressed for time we were. We asked our waiter if it would be busy later, if we should make a reservation because the ambiance was very enjoyable, the food seemed enticing enough that we wanted to return later. We let our waiter know the situation. When we got back we walked in and said "Hi" to one of the men who was waiting on us the first time and got no response at all not even a look or a glance. We stood waiting to be seated but remained unacknowledged. After leaving a generous tip the first time we were in there and to arrive back hours later to enjoy a meal but to be turned away due to the staffs poor attitude was definitely a let down. The entire staff working there looked like the had less personality then the chairs we were sitting on. The only people who looked like they enjoyed working there were the chefs because it was an open room kitchen. Keep the ambiance, keep the chefs, get rid of everyone else there and this place may be worth a return.
I enjoyed a lovely dinner here the other night for Restaurant week which was highlighted by the appetizers, drinks, and the service. I had been here once previously for brunch, but I had never been for dinner so I was looking forward to seeing how the food was. Overall, I would give the drinks a 4, food a 3, and the atmosphere and service a 5, bringing me to my 4 average.

For drinks, we splurged a bit. My group of three had a couple different of their cocktail options including El Diablo, a gin option, a vodka option, and a whiskey option (I know we have problems with mixing liquors). They were all really good and I would take a guess to say that all of their cocktails are probably delicious considering what I saw on tables around me.

Appetizer: We shared the Hudson valley foie gras, New England clam chowder, and oysters Rockefeller. Foie Gras was velvety-smooth and had great flavor, complemented well by the syrup it was drizzled with. The clam chowder had great consistency and cream flavor, but could've had for more clam flavor/clams. The oysters Rockefeller had great flavor, especially with the garlicky spinach that topped the oyster.

Entrees: We shared the chicken breast, pork tenderloin, and NY strip. The chicken breast had great flavor and the skin was nice a crunchy with out of this world mashed potatoes. The pork was a bit of a disappointment as it was chewy and seemed a but over cooked. The strip steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and we all really loved the bourbon drizzle. Overall the flavors and preparation were good, but we were a little disappointed in the plating. More could be done with the presentation style of the entrees, for sure.

For desset, we had both of the restaurant week options and they were good, nothing superb, just good. 

Our waitress, I think her name was Ann, was amazing!! Super kind, funny, attentive, and knowledgeable. She made the entire experience.
If I just had the bread and cocktails, I'd give it 5 stars. Those were delicious, and the atmosphere is fun. The dinner was disappointing. $21 for risotto that was neither especially creamy nor flavorful. In my group, we had another disappointing risotto, overcooked octopus, mediocre pork confit sandwich, and nondescript salads. The duck confit and salmon got rave reviews, but 2/7 ain't great. Service was also not attentive.
This is a great place to eat. The ambiance is casual, dark and low lit. Architecture is very industrial looking. It's directly across the street from the bridge so it's fitting. Anyway, I went for the $30 menu which gets you soup/salad, entree and dessert. Soup was a Butter nut squash - super good. Entree was 1/2 Roasted chicken with French Fries - so very good. I got to near the end of my 2nd half and found some blood. I was displeased with this but the manager and server were very understanding about this. They took it back to the cook and assured it was cooked all the way through and the blood was actually from a near vein. Regardless, they hooked me up with a double single malt of talisker's 10 year scotch! Dessert was a Chocolate cake and it was grand. Wifey would've loved it. Sorry boo :)
I was hoping for and expecting more for this fantastic new space. The staff lacked experience and the food was well below average. The bar staff was better and seemed a bit more in tune with customer service.  I had dinner twice at La Peg and did not enjoy either meal, this was worsened by poor, unattentive and on occasion a rude wait staff. Hopefully management will improve food and service.
I had a wonderful dinner here on a few months ago and realized I never wrote this review. But I loved and plan to come back soon. It is a fascinating old building and now a wonderful modern restaurant. The menu is very good and I enjoyed what I ordered witch included a seafood stew. My date ordered the French Onion Soup and it was amazing. 

I will save room for dessert next time I go too because I remember it being really good!
My senior class came here for an event and it was just 55 students dancing, drinking, eating, and living. La Peg has a great indoor aesthetic, making up for my initial disappointment when we had to move inside since it was raining. 
First off: the service was amazing. The bartender and waiters were attentive, social, personable, funny, and friendly. They worked hard to churn out lots of dishes and drinks in a small amount of time, and got multiple toasts throughout the night. 
Food I tried included:
- Calbot Cheddar, apple butter, cracker (vegetarian)
- Cucumber gazpacho shooters (vegan)
- Crab cakes, lemon sabayon (pescatarian)
- Grilled cheese squares (vegetarian)
- Cheeseburger Sliders, special sauce, onion, pickles 
- Pot Roast, green beans, red bliss potatoes
- Cheese curds, marinara (vegetarian) 
- Apple tarts
- Brownies

Food I did not try but saw going around:
- Stuffed mushrooms, goat cheese, bread crumbs (vegetarian)
- General Tso's tofu sandwich sliders 
- Pork terrine, mustard, cornichons


My favorite were the cheeseburger sliders, which had juicy meat and crunchy pickles. The brownies were melt-in-your-mouth (literally--there was gooey melted fudge.) I'd also recommend the pot roast--the meat was tender and cooked well. The crab cakes were alright--they lacked flavor and seemed to crumble. The cucumber gazpacho shooters were unique--very refreshing taste. The cheese curds were basically fried cheese, which complemented the grilled cheese squares well. The calbot cheddar was good cheese. The apple tarts were warm and did not crumble! Very cute.

I had an Original Sin rosé cider and it was SO good. The bottle was low-key fancy and felt very smooth.

Overall, a great location near the Bridge and the Constitution Center with amazing staff and service.
I went with a group of friends to the outdoor beer garden before a concert at the festival pier.  It's a laid back but put-together area with lots of tables, benches, and cornhole!  Perfect for groups to grab a few drinks before dinner or a concert.  

The beer options were limited, but definitely had choices for all types of beer drinkers.  I got a few drafts, but my friends stuck with the canned Neshaminy creek beers.  There was also a menu for snacks and such, but we has eaten beforehand.  I would definitely come back on a more relaxed evening when I don't have plans after and hang out for a bit!
I was looking so forward to trying La Peg and had high hopes for it... sadly they did not deliver during restaurant week. The service was mediocre and slow for a completely empty restaurant. I started with the clam chowder and it went downhill from there. The clams were large and overly chewy to the point of being inedible with the bacon being the only saving grace for this dish. The steak for medium rare was sorta cooked ok but it was so overly charred that it just tasted like a burnt steak to me.  Even with the mushroom sauce it was bland. The lemon ice was the best part of the meal
Wife and I stopped here for a night cap. We thought this was such a great establishment. Has a great location on the waterfront right next to our  hotel. We ordered a couple beers and an order of fries. Service was very fast.

They have outside seating, where we sat, and a great indoor area with a great vibe. We will definitely stop here again in future visits.
Where to begin...... for starters this place should be called La fucking deliciousness because it's just that, fucking delicious.  With that said, let's carry on. Friday night I decided to go on a nice night in the town and needed somewhere to go. I was actually  supposed to here on Valentine's Day but we decided not to. But I'm happy we went Friday night.

So just to you let everyone know, La Peg has 3 menus, the restaurant, the bar, and the outside fish shack. The restaurant menu had quail and some fancy shit like that and I wasn't feeling it, and it wasn't a fish night, I wanted a burger so we choose to sit at the bar and use the bar menu.  We ended up ordering the cheese fries, wings, the Pub burger and the fast food burger (literally a small ass burger, not meant for a mans man as ya boy ).

After we ordered the fries came out, and to my surprise they came topped with cheese and braised short rib, I took a bite and :  they were the best fucking fries I've had in a long time. The short rib were so succulent and juicy, it just blended with the cheese. The hot wings were amazing and had a very good flavor and sauce as well... def have to take Jay here so he can get his take on them. Seriously tho, these fries were so damn good, when I tell you my fiancé and I demolished them, there wasn't even a scrap left to be had.

My burger came out perfectly pink in the middle how medium rare should be. The brioche bun was nice and soft, with the red onions and raclette cheese made everything taste perfect. The surprise was the bacon jam. I had no idea what to expect with bacon jam but I love bacon so hey... bacon jam had to be good! Which it was!! The bacon jam just added to the greatness of the burger, you know it is a good burger when you don't even need ketchup or hot sauce.

Side note.. the outdoor section of the place has cornhole, giant checkers (which I destroyed my girl  in... 3 TIMES!!) and horse nuts (some people call it ladder toss).

So in summation Le Peg has amazing food and a great outdoor section to just hangout and drink when it's a nice night in Philly. So I suggest that everyone goes and enjoys the place.
The food was good! We got a cheeseburger and some buffalo wings and I got to say that the wings were solid. I really like this place because of the service. We tried to order a creme brulee to go, but they told us that it wouldn't travel well so they took it off our bill and said that they could give us something in person and this was close to closing. The employees were great and the ambiance is romantic too. It's a pretty great date spot.
The cheese curds were so cheesy and good, the pub burger is always a solid choice and the bread basket is simple yet addictive. This place is walking distance from me so I have to try not to go too many times lol but it's a solid pick every time with a great view of the Ben Franklin bridge and the Delaware river. Great outdoor dining spot but the view upstairs is also beautiful. Love this restaurant
