I love trying new places in Manayunk that I have not experienced. I met up with some friends and we were seated upstairs. As far as first impression the look of the restaurant is great but it is loud. Possibly because we were seated upstairs but where we sat was not a problem. 

We started off by sharing the traditional guacamole for the four of us. Plenty of guacamole for four people especially because we also got salsa. I can't remember if the salsa was free or a la carte, but I don't see it as an option on the menu. The chips were nice a crispy and the guacamole was on point. 

For dinner my husband got the dolce cerdo tacos (basically al pastor tacos). They were very good and very tasty. It was also a very nice portion for tacos. I went with the mariposa (veggie) burrito. Unfortunately I was not very blown away by the veggie option. The produce tasted fresh and the burrito was a great size, but overall it was very dry and lacking in flavor. 

We shared a pitcher of the house margarita. It was delicious! And our server was very attentive in making sure our glasses were full. And I thought the prices were reasonable compared to the amount of food you received.
Outside replacing it at its physical location, La Roca is in no way associated with Union Taco. I repeat, La Roca is not just Union Taco renamed.

A few of us stopped by to give La Roca a bit of a test run a week or two ago.  Things went well enough that I decided to give it a go for a double date this past weekend.  As you can guess from the rating, La Roca delivered some fresh food and should be on its way to locking itself down as a Main Street Manayunk staple.

Focusing on the double date, the four of us started with a pitcher of the traditional La Casa Rita.  The pitcher was large enough to keep us set for our dinner and our waiter kept an eye on our table to ensure we didn't have to pour our own which was a nice bonus.

From there, we grabbed the complimentary chips & salsa (both red and green) and ordered a large Traditional Guacamole (which came with more chips).  While I prefer the green, both salsas are pretty awesome and the guac was solid as well.  We had no chips left by the time out meals arrived.  The large guac gave us plenty to share between the four of us, so smaller groups might consider just ordering the regular.

For mains, we split with our respective dates.  Nataly N and I shared the Ropa Vieja Tostones, Banh Mi Shrimp Tacos, and Vaca Frita Tacos.  The tostones weren't too high on my list, but both sets of tacos were top notch.  I was a little worried that 2 tacos wouldn't quite be filling.  For the shrimp, each came with 3 reasonably sized shrimp and truly tasted like a Banh Mi.  The steak was a nice size for the taco shell and melted in your mouth.  I would recommend both.

Service was more than spot on.  I already mentioned our waiter kept an eye on the drinks.  He also was quick with water refills, suggestions, and clearing plates.  During our meal, one of the owners came out to talk to us a bit about the concept and to get our feedback on our meal - again bonus points for taking the time to get to know your customers.

Two trips thus far have resulted in more than good meals.  I'm looking for more, especially once the deck bar opens up (and Philly weather finally cooperates)!
This is a cool little place to check out on Main Street.  It occupies where Union Taco was located.  I decided to check them out on a nice sunny day during Happy Hour.  The Happy Hour special for tacos are they are $2 each and you must buy two of them.  I got the chicken and beef tacos and they were both fresh and tasty.  The Margaritas and Sangrias are $5 each - I had the Margarita - a little sweet - but good!  

The staff were friendly and attentive.  I liked the decor of the place and the patrons that were coming through were cool too.  I was informed that I should come back when they have live music - I have to definitely check that out!
I'm surprised the overall reviews for this place aren't higher, as I had a great experience here with a group of friends. From our margarita pitcher to the complimentary chips and salsa to our taco entrées, everything was flavorful and well-executed. (Much better than the food quality of its predecessor Union Tacos.) The owner even stopped by our table to welcome us and ask for feedback. 

The chips and salsas tasted fresh and made in-house. The portion was generous. The guacamole also comes with chips, so we ended up with a LOT of chips after getting an order of those. I was also a big fan of the Ropa Vieja Tostones, and both the Banh Mi Srimp tacos and Vacation Frita tacos were delicious. There was a good amount of filling in all tacos and the flavors were well balanced. 

I would definitely come back if I'm in the neighborhood and in the mood for tacos!
Great new addition to Main St. that I hope will stay! 4:30-6:30 they have happy hour specials, including $5 margaritas/sangrias, and other drinks. Food happy hour includes discount on wings, $2 elote (corn), and other delicious goodies! Chips and salsa included, both of which were soooo fresh! I could just order some drinks and munch on their chips and salsa all day. 

The service is also great! Everyone was so nice, checked up on us more than usual servers would. Indoor, bar, and outdoor seating for your preference. Will definitely be returning!
Overall, we had a great lunch. The prices were right and the menu had variety! I had the small nachos with chicken. I thought the portion size was perfect for the price, and they were tasty nachos. The chicken pieces were almost cold though, which didn't stop me from eating them all, but I would have preferred them warmer. My wife had the crunchwrap. Also tasty- but we were out off by the giant piece of what looked like fat from the carnitas. It was almost the size of half the crunch wrap. Still way better tasting than Taco Bells version though! 

The space is cool and I wish it hadn't been raining so we could sit outside. Very much a party atmosphere spot- the music was very loud, even at 1 PM. 

The drinks looked interesting, and next time I'm here, I'll be sure to try one! 

Definitely a great place to watch sports or drink with friends while eating some great Mexican food!
I've been to La Roca several times in the last few months and I am not sure why we keep trying to give it more chances.  The very first time I came here, I was with a couple of friends and our food was delicious and the drinks were really yummy and a bit on the strong side which is great. I like my alcoholic drinks to actually taste like there's liquor in them.  The server was awesome and attentive and I was excited to come back.

The second time I came here on a date and the food was just ok, although we were eating mostly vegetarian items so I get it.  The drinks were good but the service was really not great.  We felt forgotten about after our first round of drinks.  We would have spent money on more but no one came to ask, so we paid our bill and left.

The third time I came- same date, different food, and we were down at the bar.  The bar tender did not acknowledge us, but did acknowledge literally everyone who sat down around us, including one woman who sat down about 20 minutes AFTER we did.  She ordered a few drinks for herself and got some tacos, and was served all of her items before we were even looked at.  So we sat for about 35 minutes, no service.  When we finally did get service, we ordered the corn appetizer and the thai shrimp tacos.  The corn appetizer is a joke.  Seriously it was so bad- the tiniest corn cob I've ever seen, no char and barely any seasoning.  The thai shrimp tacos were also terrible, I should have just made them myself at home.

Tried one more time with a friend and the server was not attentive, clearly did not care at all that we were here to spend money.  We ordered drinks and some food- my friends food order was completely wrong, but mine was correct.  It took the kitchen so long to re-make her order that I finished all of my food, and we finished our drinks and then sat and waited for another 20 minutes for her to get her food.  Ordered another round of drinks that didn't even get to our table until she was finished her food.

Don't waste your money here.
So I came here on a Wednesday for a Good Vibes Only event and ended up meeting up with my sister and her friends. I've been to many place in the Yunk but never been to La Roca before. 

For the event, the margs were $5 and the wings were $5! Jackpot!!!!! For wings, they offered a dry rub and wet option, of course I went with the wet option and they were solid. The margaritas were.. well margaritas solid and strong.

I'd definitely want to come back on another night and check out the shrimp tacos and the vibes here on another night. They looked bomb. If you come here be sure to ask for Sara she's an awesome waitress!
Last night, our group of 4 tried La Roca after being told that we'd have to wait an hour or so to be seated at Tacqueria Feliz. On the other end of Main Street, we found La Roca, our next best Mexican option. We started off with with a round of margaritas which were excellent. The problems started when we placed an order for food. 

Our order was relatively simple - two orders each of chicken and shrimp tacos and one order of chips and guacamole along with a side of elotes or Mexican corn. After about thirty minutes, we checked with the waiter if everything was ok. They apologized because they'd messed up our order and said they'd waive 25% off our bill. After an hour, our food still wasn't ready. It took our waiter not one , not two but three reminders to bring tacos to our table. This time, they apologized again and promised us that they'd give us an extra round of drinks, on the house and waive the charges for two entrees. 

When the check was brought to us, both sets of entrees were still on it. We were charged for a pitcher of margarita which we never ordered, a guacamole order that we never received and not an inkling or the promised discount for drinks or food. It then took us two more attempts , yes not one but two more attempts, to correct the check. Over two hours at La Roca, our group had two tacos and two margaritas. And that's two hours we'll never get back.  My most ridiculous experience in Philadelphia.
I keep giving this place a "second" chance, but they keep disappointing me. Well, it's time to finally move on. From watered down drinks and scenes of underage drinking at night to FROZEN guacamole and tasteless tacos for happy hour, you'd call me crazy for wanting to believe in a one- or a two- or a three-off. 

Save your money and check out other local spots such as Couch Tomato, Winnie's, and Taqueria Feliz (Mexican cuisine!).
Went back to try La Roca and compared to my first experience, it was a 180 degree turn around. The owner, Tom, is a really awesome guy. He went above and beyond to make sure my experience was great. 

My friend and I tried a few different things:
1. chips and guac- amazing.. very comparable guac to El Vez in Center City. It was super fresh and there was more than enough to share.

2. A salad that was new on the menu.. it was a play on a wedge salad with a Mexican twist. It had fresh avocado, tomatoes, corn and an amazing dressing. It is definitely something I would order again. 

3. Vegan nachos.. with butternut squash as the "cheese". I'm not vegan but these were awesome and so filling. It was topped with veggies and guac. Definitely a plate you can share with 3-4 people.

4. A play on a Ruben sandwich- it has ham, hot dog and pulled pork with peppers, lettuce and a chipotle sauce. This was definitely one of my favorite things I tried.

We tried a few different drinks.. including a margarita, a mix on a mai tai and a cosmopolitan. These were all great and you could actually taste the alcohol in them.. which is a nice change compared to some of the other Mexican restaurants I've been to in Manayunk.

The owner also let us try the new Eagles drink they are bringing out for game Sundays. This drink was awesome.. it was 151 rum, juice and some triple sec and of course it was dyed green to be eagles themed.

The manager on was awesome and very friendly. Tom is a caring manager who really is next level on how he conducts himself professionally. I look forward to being a regular and would recommend this place to anyone. 

Tom also noted his place is available for happy hour events or open bar events for schools and Greek life. So I look forward to trying to plan an event there in the future. 

If you're in town, definitely give this place a try!
This place provides horrible service!!!! I group of us are seniors In college and wanted to order take out. We wanted to wait by the bar and have one drink while we wait. That's when they asked us for ID. We were all ok with it. All of us are 21 and older. But the manager refused to serve us!! He's excuse was how our Drivers license looked FAKE!! I asked him to please scan it! And he fused!! He insulted my intelligence!! The funniest part is that we've been here before. This will be our third time being here and I've never had experienced this treatment. I am aware of freshmen students with fake ID'S but we all are over 21 and we r seniors. All we wanted was to order out and play it safe eating at home. This individual that's running this establishment needs etiquette in overall.
You know, I never even made it to Union Taco somehow (blame it on the roomie that always insisted on a certain other Main St Mexican joint for her Tuesday fix), but at this point I'm not complaining. La Roca is exactly what my fellow food enthusiast and I needed. 

The ambiance inside is basically a modernized tequila bar, and they've got plenty of concoctions to go around. We'd already split a bottle of wine, so we were mostly on the food game however. We heard about outdoor seating upstairs and asked to check that out. Since it had just rained, the seats weren't exactly inviting, however, a waiter (Joel) swooped right in and said he could wipe it down for us. Throughout the rest of the night, he was tremendously helpful and knowledgeable (as we of course split another bottle). Might I add it ended up raining again so he moved us right inside before it actually started pouring (which it did of course. It was 70 degrees though, I can't complain). 

Okay so food wise.. get the pecan smoked chicken wings. I'm not huge on smokey flavors, but they were phenomenal. The smokey sweet combination paired perfectly with the crispy skin, and even better that they managed that delicacy without the fry. Ugh and the cilantro, blue cheese creme that comes with it  We also opted for the carnitas and shrimp tacos. Both were fantastic, and I'm honestly not sure which I preferred as they were very different from each other. Okay. Sorry. This review is long enough. They've literally been open 4 days now, go check em out and see for yourself. Oh, and tell Joel I said hi. (And sorry if I misspelled the name)
Although I seem to be in the minority, I actually liked Union Taco, which occupied this spot before La Roca.  I hadn't been back since the change, so decided to give it a shot for Happy Hour the other night.

Since it was a beautiful day, my boyfriend and I were hoping to snag a spot on the roof.  The outdoor space is definitely a big plus for this establishment and all of the others that have occupied the building over the years.  Getting seated was a bit awkward as we didn't know if we could just walk up or had to wait for a server on the lower level.  There's no sign indicating whether you should seat yourself or wait to be seated, and again I hadn't been here since Union Taco so I wasn't sure of the new "rules."  A waitress behind the bar did ask if she could help us once she saw us hovering by the staircase, and we were able to get that coveted roof spot.

We were only given the regular menu so decided to make selections from that.  I'm not sure if there even is a Happy Hour menu.  When the waitress returned, we had decided on both a red and a white sangria, along with the Ropa Vieja Tostones to share.  I also asked the waitress if they had any HH specials, and she told us yes, the sangrias were both $5.  Looking at other reviews now I see some people were offered other specials - not sure if they got a menu or were just informed of a wider selection than we were.

Food and Drinks:

-White Sangria:  Okay but very sweet.  Had a gummy bear flavor to it.

-Red Sangria:   I liked this one better than the white, but again it was very sweet.  The glasses the sangria is served in are very cute, especially with the orange slice on the rim, but they're also small and have a lot of ice.

-Chips and Salsas:  These are served complimentary which is awesome.  Besides that, they were DELICIOUS!  I liked the red salsa the best as it had a delicious roasty tomato flavor, but the green was bright and delicious in it's own right.  The chips were also perfectly crispy and fresh.

-Ropa Vieja Tostones: You will receive an order of three tostones (twice-fried plantains) piled up with shredded steak, pickled shallots, a light drizzle of garlic aoili, and a slice of habanero.  I like heat so this was okay for me but just a warning: these peppers are hot!  The flavors worked here and I thought there was a good mixture of textures as well.

Overall I had a pleasant first experience at La Roca and would give it another try in the future on a nice day when that rooftop space starts calling my name.
This place was absolutely delicious.  Keep doing what you're doing guys because these were the best tacos I've had in a really long time.

Great guac as well.  Friendly service.  

Really glad Yelp pointed me in this direction.

Check it out!
The watermelon mint margarita is phenomenal. The chips for the salsa were delicious. Shout out to Amber for the Phenomenal service !
Despite all the shiny wrappings, my experience at La Roca was very underwhelming and quite possibly one of the worst taco joints (national chains excluded) I've been too. La Roca seems to tick off all the boxes a hip, up-and-coming taco place needs to have. Great decor, great use of space, and selections of food and drinks in a nicely designed menu. But the food does not live up to the hype at all. You're better off making your own tacos at home. To top it off, the day I went to La Roca, their machines were down and it took over half an hour to get separate checks for people in my group....which they ultimately were unable to do. They had to write down our credit card information to charge at a later time or cash only. Not exactly a secure way to do transactions.

PARKING: Street parking only.

INTERIOR: Outdoor dining only at this time. La Roca has a cute patio area upstairs with plenty of seating spaced far apart.

FOOD/DRINK: Let me just preface that they do not have good cocktails. The drink I ordered, their Mexican Mule, was so weak. For the price (over $10), I expected a lot more booze in this cocktail. It was more like watermelon juice with a splash of tequila.

We ordered a mix of tacos to try them out. Each order of tacos comes in a set of three. We ordered the al pastor, carnitas, and chicken tacos. The al pastor was so flavorless! Not spicy in the least. The chicken tacos were decent and the carnitas was my least because of how dry it was. These tacos tasted like someone who hasn't had a decent taco would think a taco is supposed to taste like. The tortillas tasted so cheap. Like you know they aren't making the tortillas fresh themselves with masa. You might as well go to El Pollo Loco and get tacos there.

They also forgot to make one order of tacos we ordered, so someone in my group didn't get their food until way later. At least, they didn't charge us for that order. 

PRICE: Their tacos cost about $5 each. This is much more expensive than some of the best street tacos you can get in L.A. The quality of the food just leaves you hanging and you're better off spending your money elsewhere.

Overall: I don't recommend getting tacos at La Roca. Unless you're desperate for tacos, I'd suggest skipping this. Overpriced food and drink for a subpar experience.
I can't urge you enough to not come to La Roca. They have horrible service, way overpriced menu items, and worst of all, THEY WILL TRY TO SCAM YOU! A group of 10 of us went to out to La Roca last night to get drinks and knew we would have to order some type of food per the Covid restrictions for Philadelphia, which we were all totally fine with. What we were not fine with was when we went to place our order, the waiter told us specifically what we had to order--that being 8 $10 quesadillas WITH MEAT (which was an extra $3 each). When I questioned why we had to order so many (as no other bar in Manayunk makes you order so much, it's typically one item of food and you're good) the staff got defensive and said there has to be a certain ratio of food and drink and meat has to be included which I have just simply never heard and I have been to many restaurants in Philly (the manager even struggled to find proof of this rule when we asked for it and was condescending the entire time). The meat thing really got to me because it felt like an unnecessary $24 when we were already ordering so much food that the 10 of us could not even finish. The waiter took an attitude with me and told me unless I could make the case that all 10 of us were vegan which he "highly doubts" we have to get meat. NEVER have I been to a restaurant where I was told what I must get off the menu and just have it added to my bill practically without consent. My boyfriend then overheard the manager complaining about our table to other staff members and practically bragging about scamming us into buying all this food. At that point we decided we just wanted to leave because we were tired of being taken advantage of by the horrendous manager and asked for our check. MORE SCAMMING. Several extra items were added to our bill that we did not order including 5 shots and a margarita totaling about $30. When we questioned it, the staff seemed truly disappointed that 10 college kids weren't stupid enough to pay them an extra $30. Needless to say I will never be going back there and I urge you to do the same. There are PLENTY of bars/restaurants in Manayunk with pleasant service and good prices that will not try to scam you. La Roca is a seedy bar that is only good for getting drunk when you're an underaged college freshman, as an actual bar/restaurant they cannot hold their own against phenomenal Manayunk bars like Ryan's, Bayou, The Rook, Castle Roxx, etc. who are actually trying to keep customers happy in a time where restaurants need customer loyalty more than ever. Again, DO NOT COME TO LA ROCA AND RISK GETTING SCAMMED AND TREATED RUDELY BY PEOPLE THAT ARE DESPERATE FOR YOUR MONEY AND ARE WILLING TO LIE THEIR WAY INTO YOUR POCKETS! THEY ARE ABSOLUTELY PATHETIC!
Honestly would not come back. They were out of so many things. Restaurant was empty yet they only had one menu for three of us. The prices on the bill were different than the menu. They had to compensate the guacamole we ordered because it took 45 minutes for us to get it. Definitely do not recommend.
Best tacos in town, hands down! On Tuesdays not that they only have live music but did you know it's $3 tacos and $5 margs? Yeah!!
Who Has ever heard of re-fried beans? ...  Of course you have - Now  have you ever heard of refried chicken wings? ... Neither has chef Dave at Philly's new La Roca Restaurant & Bar ... calling awe of this incredibly delicious food, made with so much much love ... Mexican? - seems a bit discriminatory!

If you wanna eat some dam good food , check this place out Philly, it will certainly ring your bell ... Excellent  Service, Atmosphere, Food, Drink and of course ATTITUDE
I had the roast kabocha squash tacos as a snack and they filled me up like it was dinner! To be fair, we had chips & guac as well-don't skip this!! The tacos were on the smaller side, but definitely were filling. They were on two corn tortillas with cubed squash, pepitas, chipotle aioli, and cotija cheese. Every order of tacos is served with a few slices radishes that I like to put in the tacos for a little extra crunch. To drink-I had the Paloma marg and it was definitely on the sweeter side. The server convinced me to get the bigger margarita because it was served in a skull!! Get this drink to split for sure!
La Roca has popped up recently and I was interested to see how it was. I've heard it replaced Union Taco, which I did not enjoy. Tonite, we ordered some delivery and while overall I'm pleased, there are some concerns.
     First, we went with the wings (dry), the Dolce cerdo (sweet pork) tacos, and the Fat Salito burrito. All of the items were really delicious. Fairly warm when it arrived, the wings were well seasoned, but not particularly smoky. The tacos had a good amount of filling with good flavor. The burrito was large, with nice pieces of pork, though I had a hard time noticing the chicken... the hot dog is a fun addition. Taste was great for everything.
     Now some of the concerns. The menu is a little pricey. Now we were looking at the picture of the menu on the website, but when we actually went to place the order, each item was $1 more on Grubhub. This means 6 wings were $13, the two tacos were $10, and the burrito comes out to a crazy $17. Portions weren't that impressive, and while the burrito was a good size, that's WAY overpriced. To add to that, there was an automatic $3.99 delivery charge added. I did want to include a tip and did 15%, so a burrito, 2 tacos, and 6 chicken wings were about $53. I'm not sure I'd necessarily make it a point to come back at those prices.
     And while I'm not sure how the delivery partnership with Grubhub works, their estimate was pretty off. We ordered at 8:08pm and received a confirmation that it should be 40-50 minutes. Once it hit 9:30 and my wife was concerned, I was getting ready to contact Grubhub. As I was starting a customer service chat, the driver called to say he was down the street. So we were just under 90 minutes.
     I would say the food was delicious and worth giving a try, but be aware of prices that are a bit high and also potentially long delivery times.
Friday nights are awesome. I can't speak to food, but bar tending staff, live music, and sangria all scored 5 stars. White sangria was unreal- don't skip this. We left take out boxes from other restaurant and bar tender ran it across the street before we got in our Uber. Thanks again!!!
Don't be fooled by the hype. This place pulls you in with its decor, promise of cute rooftop seating and vegetarian friendly menu. It doesn't deliver. We wanted to sit on the deck. Guess what? They weren't seating on the deck. My gf wanted the soyrizo nachos. Surprise surprise , they didn't have soyrizo. Our waitress was so apathetic it was ridiculous. She looked and acted as if she wanted to be anywhere but at work. Our food was sad. My gf's nachos were barely covered with toppings, my chicken tacos had chicken and barely anything else. The drinks were small and overpriced. Two of the four TVs over the bar were literally playing promos for the restaurant. Manayunk is full of great places to eat. Skip La Roca. 

Ps. We were sick later that night.
I am absolutely disappointed. I came here on a Wednesday night with high hopes and was let down. I ordered a drink at the downstairs bar which was amazing. Then went upstairs and got the same drink and it tasted nothing the same. I sent the drink back and it came back like it should be. My food took 30mins to come out (garlic Chile wings and elote) the wings tasted like regular buffalo no hint of brown sugar soy or Chile or garlic as describe and the corn was burnt like it had been in a house fire). When I asked for the manager the manager told me "that's how the corn comes". I showed him a picture from yelp of the corn as it SHOULD have been and he says "I'm here every night, maybe we got a new cook, that's how it comes". I was sooooo disappointed by the lack of courtesy and honesty with this establishment and will NEVER recommend a single soul to come here. Excuse my language but fuck this place and the manager Dave.
Never going back. About 10 of my classmates and I headed down to La Roca after class for $1 tacos on Wednesday's. Before going i called to confirm they still offered the deal and the woman on the phone confirmed that they did as long as we ordered either a pitcher of margaritas, a bucket of beers, or an appetizer. They didn't have those requirements previous times i have been there, but i understand they need to make money. My friends and i arrive and ask about the dollar tacos and the out waiter tells us they don't offer them anymore, at which point i responded they offered them an hour ago when i called. The waiter went to consult his manager and came back and told us that for us to get the dollar tacos we needed to buy 8 margarita pitchers at $36 each. So he wanted us to spend $288 on margaritas for us to be able to get $1 tacos, no thanks. I told the waiter we'd like to just order off of the happy hour menu. Then the pompous asshole of a manager comes out to inform us we are not allowed to order off the happy hour menu because we were not sitting at the bar. Which is whatever but the tone and attitude he carried with him was so rude and beyond unprofessional. Never going back.
This is now our favorite Mexican place. Nick our waiter was great and informative. Everything that came out to our table was good I had a bacon wrapped hot dog I had there Philadelphia burrito we had the dry and wet wings and all of it was great will be going back there very soon
Solid al fresco dining.  Large order of nachos are suffice to to split between a couple.  Best part of the melted cheese sauce on them.  Wings were above average.  Large in size and full of sweet chili flavor.
If you love good quality tacos and margs, stop what you're doing and check this place out! We ordered the sweet pork tacos and the steak tacos. The pork was extremely juicy and the pineapple complimented the dish really well. The steak tacos had a great crispy seared texture on the outskirts of the meat, which really packed a flavorful punch. You get salsa and chips with you meal, too--their homemade salsas were delicious. I really enjoyed their traditional salsa.

I got their standard margarita. 9 bucks. Big glass. Plenty of salty and not overly sweet! 

But wait, that Mexican Street corn: To. Die. For. Covered with cheese, spices, and some sort of mayo/sour cream salsa deliciousness that I could eat by the spoonful. It was that good. 

The service was also top notch. The bartender was friendly and made sure we were having fun and being taken care of the whole time. We even met the executive chef who told us how he created that delicious street corn! Super friendly people who care about the food they serve. The owner is from the west coast and is passionate about bringing upscale Mexican street food to the Yunk. This building in general has had several different restaurants try to make it big on Main Street over the last 4 years I've lived here (all of which ending up unsuccessful), so I'm really, really hoping this place breaks the curse and sticks around for the long haul. I gotta admit, La Roca gives the other taco joints in the area a major run for their money! We will be back for all the tacos! Thanks for the delicious meal.
I absolutely love this place !! Every time my fiancé and I go in we get two orders of tacos and a small plate to share. The Grande Margarita and Paloma are to die for!!! 

During happy hour you have awesome choices 
$5 margaritas, sangrias (red/white), and mojitos. $8 wings, which are juicy and big ( not like the small ones you get every where else.) $5 Lechonas which are melt in your mouth fried pork chunks. $3 Salchicha Mexicana, a lot of people are confused by the hotdog concept at a Mexican restaurant but, don't realize the mouth watering taste it really has. And finally, the $2 elote, best way for me to describe it is corn on the cob that taste exactly like white cheddar popcorn, delicious! 

Not only is this restaurant a place to party, get amazing deals, grub on delicious food, and go out on nice dates... it also is warm and welcoming. The staff is impeccable. The servers/bartenders are very attentive and are very knowledgeable on the drinks and the food. And there's always a manager walking around to check up on you and making sure you're having a good time. 

I highly recommend this California Mexican Cuisine!!!!
We'd went to Manyunk for Union Taco, but then realized that it was no longer and that La Roca was in it's place. Decided to try and sit downstairs to watch the World Cup. Service was prompt and friendly. The place a great feel to it; loved the wood feature walls. 
It's not a huge menu, which I like because that means they can focus on making fewer things very well. I'm always discouraged when someone hands me a multiple page menu, as you know they rarely make some of the items, so the quality is lessened. 
Because it was so hot, we didn't order any of their specialty drinks as the heat and sweetness tends to make us feel awful. As for the menu, Vaca Frita tacos and my husband ordered the Salchichas Mexicana. Both were perfectly portioned and very tast. The flank steak of my tacos were perfectly seasoned and the chimchurri was very good. My only complaint is that they were a little bit juicier, but with the lime juice it was perfect. The meat was incredibly tender and fell apart in your mouth. My husband loved his dish as well and said the fresh pico was fantastic.
I've seen a couple of posts about serving sizes being too small for the price, and that's just nonsense. I paid $9 for two adequately sized tacos. What I think those reviewers do not understand is that you are paying for quality, not quantity. If you want your taco dollars to stretch, there are several Taco Bell establishments; you'd probably find them more suitable. Same with the guac; while we didn't try any this occasion, another table of four next to us did and it was a very good-sized portion. We asked the table their opinion and they loved it, so it is a definite must purchase for our next visit. Anyway, I do not understand those who complain about pricing and portions when they visit local establishments who use fresh, quality ingredients over Grade F mean like they'd find in their chosen price point. If you'd rather not pay for quality, don't tell people they're not getting what they pay for, when you obviously don't get it.
Went here on a sunny Saturday afternoon for the rooftop view (and lack of other options on Main Street due to the crowded weekend bustle) and was very impressed with the indoor aesthetic and the margs!! I got a mezcal+jalapeño margarita... to DIE for.
Unfortunately, the food was not up to par.. steak fajita's meat was so chewy I couldn't cut it with a knife (perhaps over cooked?) OR my teeth, and the flavors were quite bland for Mexican. Served on a cafeteria lunch platter, also not very appealing or appetizing. 
Furthermore, we were surrounded by loud, drunk 20-some-year olds by 4pm, so be wary it's prooobably not the best family-friendly place on a Saturday.
Went here last night for date night with hubby.  The server was great and shared info about the menu and local ingredients used.  

We had margaritas - I had the house and he had the guava.  Both were really good.  The food was very good too - I had the chicken carnitas and he had the vaca fritas - but the portions were small: 2 each that were about 4" around. My kids would be satisfied with that portion but not adults.  We ending up ordering guac and chips to finish out our meal.  The guacamole was excellent.

Overall, it was a hit but we need more food, especially for $8 and $9 plates.  1 more taco wouldn't hurt!

PS - as I'm reading other reviews, apparently there are complimentary chips and salsa.  However, we weren't offered any.......
Let me start off by saying staff here are wonderful. However, drinks are SO OVER PRICED FOR QUALITY. literally received the worst old fashion of my life in a PLASTIC cup. Also it was a supposed "double" LOL was mainly ice def note even a single,  and it cost me $32 !!! LOL never coming back. Way better Mexican food restaurants elsewhere. Food was poor in taste as well.
Service is terrible. The bald bartender is extremely rude to customers, and he creepily sat with us to flirt with a friend we were eating with. We walked in and he blatantly ignored us for 5 minutes while he yelled at his coworkers. 

We had high hopes for this place but this is the most unprofessional staff on Main St.
Wish this place would figure out service. Food takes forever whether it's busy or not. Food is good but it takes too long to get your food and drinks. It's a great atmosphere but wasted by the fact it takes an hour to get your meal. I keep giving it a second chance hoping it's better but it's worse every time.
Been to this place a few times now and have not had a bad experience yet. Really solid local spot serving quick and easy Mexican food for good prices. Really good cocktails and drink specials too. 

Bang for buck wise this place is top Manayunk tier. My wife and I ate well and had good drinks utilizing taco tuesday specials for 50 bucks. Can't really beat that. 

I consider myself a margarita aficionado and this house marg was sweet and tasty. I recommend giving this place a try. It's not the highest on fanciness but I don't think that's what they're going for. 4 stars!
As far as places on Main Street goes, this place has great seating, open windows, 2 bars and very comfortable setting.  Drinks for happy hour were great and the staff were all really nice.

I think the menu could use some work. Salsa and guacamole to start were good although I think the ratio of salsa to chips were off. We finished the salsa with about 6-8 chips.  We ordered the shredded beef tacos and pineapple pork tacos which were on the small side and 2 per order. They were delicious but pricey compared to Taqueria where you'll get 3 much bigger ones.  We also ordered Mexican hotdog by recommendation by the waitress as "delicious" but I felt it was just ok.  I felt it was something I could make at home.  Lastly the elotes were probably the most disappointing, grilled wonderfully but then rolled in so much cheese we had to shave all the cheese off with a knife. You could hardly taste the corn and felt like biting into a block of cheese. I felt like the kitchen needed to taste things before serving bc I can't imagine that was approved by someone who has actually tasted it.

Overall the place has great potential, we may come back for drinks another day maybe when the menu changes, but looks like Taqueria may win the next few visits.
I ordered the Mariposa burrito to go and the waitress/bartender was very friendly. She went out of her way to attend to me, which was very nice. I wanted to like this place because they are clearly trying hard but unfortunately the burrito was severely lacking... I waited 15 mins at the bar at an off time (2pm) and the burrito was very sub par. They forgot (or neglected to add) black beans and mushrooms in the burrito. The kale that was promised was about 5 pieces of mixed/browned lettuce... and the pico was VERY sparse. It was mostly rice and squash, which I'll admit was tasty but I was expecting some variety in my burrito. For a whopping $14 too. I won't be going back to La Roca for rice and squash wrapped in a non-toasted tortilla. Pretty bummed
Had a great time here last night. 

The house margarita is good, even better if you add guava. I THINK they have mojitos but they're not on the menu so that was confusing.

Ordered the tostones to start and they were SO GOOD!! Great flavor and texture. I'd go back just for them. Super spicy if you leave the pepper on top-just a warning. 

Chips and salsa were great- both salsas were delicious but I'm obsessed with the green one. 

For our mains I got the squash tacos and the hubs got the fried hot dog small plate. Hubs said the hotdog was difficult to describe but he ate the whole thing.... so.... The squash tacos were great but the tacos are so small (especially for a place that advertises that they have larger tacos 'for real humans') and you only get 2!
This place is solid. .

I like that it has more on it's menu then the traditional taco joint, including a Mexican hotdog (friend with bacon, poblanosand aoli... Delish!) And solid guac as well. 

Service has been good the three times I came. And while my one complaint is that it's tacos are a pit pricy ($8-11 for two) there are solid specials most days of the week that help, and a happy hour that is pretty good!

As for the building, it's surprisingly large with two bars (one upstairs, one downstairs) as well as plenty of dining options (street facing tables, downstairs high tops, and a large patio/deck on the upper level). 

Overall a solid choice, if not a cheap one. Also the salsa and chips is great. That salsa...

Margaritas are also on point!
Great new mexican spot in Manayunk. Margaritas on draft and great happy hour specials. Guacamole and tacos were delicious. Wings were good too - a little different as they were dry rubbed with a cilantro sauce on the side. Some of the best food on Main street and definitely worth a visit!
Came here for dinner on a Saturday night with some friends. It was busy and we decided to eat at the bar. The staff was super accommodating and service was quick. We started with drinks and guacamole to share, it was probably the tastiest thing I had. 

For dinner I got the sweet pork tacos and the elote. The first thing I notice when I got my food was how greasy the  tacos were. Additionally, the tacos were not large enough to be an entree so I was very happy I had also ordered the corn. The flavorfull elote made the tacos seems a little bland. 

I would come back on a sunny day and sit out on their porch and grab drinks and appetizers, but I don't think I would return for dinner.
Best Mexican restaurant bar and grill in town. Great food, great drink selection, and great customer service
Tried to go here on a beautiful Sunday 2 weeks ago. Walked in and the waitress who greeted us said "we have been really busy and understaffed so the staff needs a break" needless to say I went somewhere else.
This place has awesome food and drinks. The bartenders are so cool, and the atmosphere is electric after 5 pm
I love their food!!.. those squash and sweet pork tacos, ropa vieja tostones....I mean everything I ate there, so far, delicious!!
But the margaritas I only had them once before because they were unappealing, bland, and tasted awful.
This past weekend, I decided to give them another try because I saw the young man bartender (Carlos) making them and looked so good that I had to get one....and man they were AMAZING!!!... I will be definitely getting them next time!
The Shrimp Banh Mi tacos are EVERYTHING! Seriously... I've had them three times this week. This spot offers inventive takes on classic Mexican street food. They have a great tequila selection and a delicious rosé by the glass (if you're like me and are all about #roséallday) Get there NOW! Awesome food, awesome staff, awesome space.
Decent food. Nice environment. Under rated for sure. I've been here a few times, once for happy hour. The happy hour specials are pretty good. House margarita is tasty.
Head good first experience at LaRoca.  Drinks were reasonably priced and made very well. We ordered mojitos and watermelon mint margaritas. For the appetizers we ordered the charred corn and bacon guacamole which was great and the mushroom flautas which was equally as good.

For the entrees, we each had tacos.  Fish tacos and chicken tacos.  Both packed with great flavors, cooked to perfection. Service was excellent. Staff was attentive and interacted well with customers.  We left to go get dessert and ended up returning for more drinks before ending our night.

La Roca will be one of our new date spots moving forward.
I only went here because the yelp reviews were good but now I'm writing a real one. The prices of the food are ridiculous, the drinks suck and the menu is smaller than trumps hands.. don't go here.
I really loved Union Taco, but I have to admit that La Roca is better in pretty much every way.  They updated the artwork in the building to look like a "refined graffiti" kind of theme, which really works.  The server told us that the were still in the process of updating the building because they've only been open a week, so I'm excited to go back in the future to see what they've done with it.  Also, they put a nice bar in that space at the top of the staircase that was previously sitting empty in Union Taco.  They also installed a DJ booth that looks over the upstairs area like the pope or something.  When the dinner crowd dies down, our server was saying that they open it up into a dance floor (you can see the club-style lights above the dining area).  It wasn't crowded when we were there, but it seems like it could be an awesome place to dance and hang out, especially because they have that outdoor area.

La Roca a little more expensive than Union Taco, but the difference in quality is substantial.  You won't mind paying more.  My girlfriend and I shared one of the large (it's like 30-some ounces) margaritas, which was delicious.  It was the perfect size for two people, and they definitely did not hold back on the tequila.

The food was unique and super tasty.  They cook all the tortilla chips in house and brought out two different salsas for us.  I didn't ask, but I got the impression that they made the salsa there, too.  It was different than any salsa I had had before and I couldn't get enough of it.  Our server was attentive and was always filling us up on chips and salsa when we were running low.  I had the Vaca Frita tacos and my girlfriend got the Shrimp Banh Mi tacos.  We both loved our food.  It's Mexican street food inspired, so it's full of flavor, but it doesn't overwhelm you.  The portions were good too.

After the margarita, we each got a Tuco shot (Breaking Bad inspired, you know), which was hilarious and awesome.  They bring the shots out with two silver platters that have orange slices and lines of salt and sugar.  So you do the shot then run the orange down the lines and suck on it like you would a lime.  If you go here, you should definitely give it a try.  I know it's a bit gimmicky but it was fun af and I will definitely do it again next time I go.

Finally, the service was on point.  You could tell our server was hyped about the restaurant.  He kept telling us about how cool it's going to be once all the art is up, how they're going to have DJs and dancing, and how authentic the food is.  My girlfriend and I had an awesome time talking to the dude. The owner also came out and chatted with us for a while, which really left an impression.  Overall, we loved La Roca and had a fantastic time there.

TL;DR I love this place and you should 100% check it out if you're trying to get some killer food and drinks in Manayunk.  Also make sure you get the Tuco shot.
This is our second time here and this restaurant does not disappoint! The decor is very nice..hipster, laid back with a bit of flare.  We ordered the tacos beef and pork.  We cannot remember the names for the life of us.  We just remember the taste.  The tacos are small but pack a punch in flavor.  I ordered the pulled beef carne tacos and the meat literally melts in your mouth.  My husband ordered sweet pork tacos and he absolutely loves them.  The service is always on point and I love how the manager comes around and checks with his guests.  Not the average chain restaurant food manager check, but a personable check which makes you feel welcome and invited.  I have recommended this place to all my friends.
My husband and I had a very negative experience here recently. We came on a Friday night for dinner for our first time. We ordered drinks, guacamole, and tacos. The drinks were okay, and the guacamole was pretty good. The tacos were extremely disappointing. For $17 I got a plate with 4 taco shells and 5 very small slices of steak. It was so little food that it was actually pathetic and this restaurant clearly was ashamed to assemble the taco even because it was so meager so they just gave it to me to assemble myself. I will definitely not be returning to this overpriced establishment with very low standards. Pictured: This is the full $17 steak taco entree. I had not eaten any when this was taken. Barely enough meat for 1 taco, let alone 2.
Amazing. Service was so slow we got free drinks and food! If you're not in a hurry and want cheap free food w ok pretty bad service this is the place! I thought Union Taco closed because of bad service but apparently they just changed the name and made the food even more expensive.
This is the worst restaurant I've ever been to. Slow service, terrible food, and high prices.
Food sucks. Bald head bartender sucks. Chips suck. Service sucks. Prices suck. Seats suck. Tables suck. Cocktails suck. Menu sucks. Happy hour taco options suck. Atmosphere sucks. Employee morale sucks. Place just sucks. Good ice water though.
This place is TERRIBLE!!!!! Dave the manager said we were wrong when our elote came out burned!!! It was black! He did not acknowledge our feelings and said that's how it's cooked as we showed him other pictures that showed a well cooked elote. I don't appreciate the customer service here and will never come back!!!! The garlic chilli wings had no chilli, no garlic, no soy sauce, no NOTHING!!! It was straight buffalo wings! And the manager had the nerve to tell us we were wrong! I don't normally complain but this was well worth the long paragraph and complaint!
Found this disappointing. In order of what we experienced: 1. I had contacted them in advance to ensure there were ample vegan and vegetarian options...there were very few. 2. The music was loud, and hard to talk over and there are many tvs on the walls tuned to sports channels.  3. The $9 house margarita was mostly ice, very little margarita. 4. Guacamole appetizer was fine...no salt chips, which I like but my dining companion didn't. 5. Tasty salsas!  6. Friend had shrimp in garlic sauce appetizer and really really enjoyed it.  7. My squash tacos were unremarkable.  8. Mexican corn on the cob was flavorful but overcooked...pretty mushy. 9. Rice and beans...large servings but the beans were bland beyond bland. 10. Waitress was good. 11. Check was nearly $80. 

So, out of 5 food items we ordered, 1 was good.  Prices are high for what we found to be a mediocre meal. Can't recommend.
Go see Boomer. If not for him I'd rate this 1 star. Food was ok, drinks were weak. Then "boom". Boomer came on and the party started. Our order was wrong and late, Boomer took care of everything and rescued the night. Thanks for taking care of us.
I can see why all the reviews for this place are great, this place is INCREDIBLE!!! I googled to try and find a menu to order take out. Luckily I found one but it wasn't 100% accurate... but the lovely hostess took the time to explain things on the menu that I was interested and was extremely friendly! Food is fantastic!!! We ordered the Illadelph, chicken carnitas and elote. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
Best Margaritas in Philly! Ask for Boomer! Best bartender!! The happy hour is great from 3-6pm.  The house margarita is great and strong!
So me and a couple of friends came and soon as we walked in the atmosphere was so different, we all loved it servers and and all staff was so happy and polite.... I also ordered bunch of things from the menu and everything from the Elote to the Steak taco came out perfect and on time..... This is a must see spot if you are living or visiting philadelphia guys....
Also live music.... We enjoyed our Friday night
I was in la Roca Saturday an all I can is if I can give this place a negative 0 I would. I was with a group of people we all ordered food. first off the waitress we had was beyond horrible. all she did was take our order an take off. Never asked us for a refill on our drinks nothing!! When I did see her , she was standing there talking an laughing with another female which I come to find out towards the end is the so called " manager ". I have now waited over an hour for my food so I see another employee I grabbed her to see what was going on with my food and she  immediately goes to the window and grabs my food. She is very apologetic an nice. I was not happy my food was cool  not hot . I advised her to get me a manger which she did. This women happen to be the one laughing and joking with my so called waitress. She comes over and yells at the employee that was helping me, which was extremely rude.  She was more helpful than anyone else. All I can say management sucks there as well as the server I had.
The friendly staff is the only reason I'm rating this place two stars. I opted for wings here because the tacos were just too expensive for me (i.e. two for $12). But the dry rub wings were very salty and the blue cheese was weirdly seasoned with herbs and smoked sauce. Also, my friend who opted for the fish tacos was disappointed in the lack of flavors. Sad to say, but won't be returning unless it's just for a margarita.
I saw the bad reviews but my friend insisted we go since it was late and close to my house. She took one bite of her taco mine was edible. I won't be back.
our waitress was new but very knowledgeable and had great recommendations. they have an outdoor patio which is great for these covid times!  their wings were great and i also had their taco salad. 10/10 would recommend.
Brownish/dark dark green guacomole- kinda slimy, no flavor, no red onions, barely any onions, no lime
Made a new batch-- strictly chopped avocado with cilatro sprinkled on top- no salt or otherwise

Flies all around the bar
Open kitchen a Mess!
Cook plays in hair, moves bangs all the time while preparing food- doesn't wear gloves.
Someone called him on not wearing gloves - put on- while he prepared their dish
Scratched his head--- WHILE WEARING THE GLOVES--when finished, took gloves off and resumed to handling food with bare hands
Sampled/ate food while in kitchen preparing food
Ugh!!!! 
Skip skip skip
Health department pay a visit!!!
Message to the owner of the establishment or ACTUAL manager:
You need to put your bartenders/servers through ID training. My friends & I went there today Sunday the 18th for the Eagles game & he was refusIng to serve us alcohol based on our REAL ID's. *Not used for real ID purposes* is put on ID's. There are tons of different forms of licenses but AT LEAST know them from the neighboring states, you're located in a college area (-: DO YOUR RESEARCH. DONT BE A BARTENDER OR A SERVER IF YOU CANNOT ACTUALLY TELL A REAL ID FROM A FAKE ONE. 

Second time there & it was again, a horrible experience due to the servers there mixing there tables up or a bartender denying your real ID & refusing to even scan it lol. Get it together !!!! Place is NOT the "vibes in the YUNK". Mad river was & still is, even after it closed smh.
I read the reviews before we came and was a bit hesitant but damn I am glad we came. Tuesday specials are unbeatable!  The margs are very tasty. They don't have that pre made mix taste. So the tacos...wow. Best in manayunk! I've been to every place in manayunk that sells taco and this is my new favorite place. The brisket taco is on point. Highly recommend this place!
Solid 4 stars and worth a visit when in Manayunk. Super friendly staff, good decor, two floors, and a nice outdoor seating area. The drinks are tasty and the menu is solid. Cheers!
Decided to give this place a whirl after someone recommended it to me. I'll never take their advice again. This restaurant was still serving food and drinks all while have NO running water! I know restaurants have been struggling through the pandemic, but safety doesn't take a holiday. How were they washing glasses, utensils or their hands?! The server informed me they were using hand sanitizer, as if that were supposed to make me feel better? Will not be coming back here again, not after these shenanigans.
Came here for a drink after lunch but of course I was still hungry and ordered a large guacamole and chips and a side of Spanish rice. The guac was huge and there was plenty to go around for 6 people. It was amazing guac but I though the chips were a bit salty. The Spanish rice was so flavorful and probably one of the best Spanish rices I ever had. Really wish I took a picture of these but the hanger took over. 

So unfortunately, they don't have flavored mojitos 
- a mango one would have been perfect so I tried the fresh mojito and it was still really good. That kick of flavor would have been the icing on the top. 

My friend had the chicken tacos and I tried a piece of the chicken and it was so flavorful. It definitely looked messy but my friend loved it. 

I would definitely come back to try more of their menu! I forgot to mention, the outside seating on their upstairs level is so cute on a nice day out. They have outdoor/couch seating on opposite ends which we jumped on as soon as the other table left. Even if you don't get the couch seating, there's tables available to sit at which are still a good option depending on the weather.
Upon reading the reviews I noticed something.....

I came here lastnight and didnt get complimentary chips and salsa..thats a bit of a disappointment and odd due to most mexican places offering that. 

Another issue...

Although the taco ingredients are fresh, you only get 2 with each order. I dont know about ya'll but ya girl can DOWN tacos. Like they are so tiny I swear to you I couldve eaten like 10. And they dont even come with rice or beans or anything. So you pay about $10 for 2 tiny tacos...thats no bueno.

I also got a mexican hotdog which is something you dont see everyday at a mexican place, it was really good and only $5 which to me seems fair. 

I had the mexican street corn as well which was awesome.

I wanted corona light but they are apparently discontinuing it and so the waitress gave me a corona premier instead which I liked (if you like corona- you'll like it too). 

I will also say that upon walking in you'll be a little confused because the host table is back a little bit and theres a small sign saying please wait to be seated. 

So...will I be back? Im not sure...Maybe if I have a craving for street corn
Walked in sat at the bar the bartender looked at us didn't say a word then left the bar. So we left. Geez honey say hi be with you in a minute or something!
