We came on a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty empty. The restaurant itself is quite spacious and very comfortable with plenty of booth seating. 

The food menu sounded absolutely mouthwatering and I got to try several items (from our friends who had gotten there before I did) such as the landmark nachos, crispy fish, and french fries. The nachos came with chicken and cilantro-cheddar sauce. I liked the chicken but I am not a fan of sauce on nachos... I prefer melted cheese - real cheese on my nachos. The fried fish was very good though - Incredibly crispy, light and yummy! The french fries were also tasty. 

I ordered the baby back ribs, however, was then told that there were no more. So, I decided to get the Loaded Chicken, which was grilled chicken topped with garlic mashed potatoes, gravy, bacon, scallions, Monterey jack and cheddar cheeses, as well as a side of Brussel sprouts (which I looooove). I am not a fan of gravy, so I asked to have that on the side, but it still came with the dish. Thankfully, I didn't mind the taste of it in this instance because I think everything else overpowered the gravy flavor. They gave a very generous portion (I was only able to eat half), including several pieces of chicken and plenty of Brussel sprouts. The chicken was pretty good and was seasoned well. It tasted great with the mashed potatoes, cheese, bacon, and scallions- How can you go wrong, really? And those Brussel sprouts were amazing. They were cooked to perfection, slightly crispy, tossed with bacon and balsamic vinaigrette, full of wonderful flavor! 

My friend also got dessert. I thought the bread pudding sounded good, but I'm particular about my bread pudding so I just tried the dessert bites that my friend ordered. There were 2 kinds of dessert bites: Chocolate Brownie and Banana Foster, with several huge scoops of vanilla ice cream in the middle with caramel sauce, whipped cream and a cherry on top. To be honest, I thought there was way too much ice cream and vanilla to boot... I am not a fan of vanilla ice cream because I find it boring and tasteless unless it's very high-quality French Vanilla (and even then, there are probably 100 other flavors I would rather choose). There were only 6 small pieces of the actual dessert bites, which I thought was very disproportionate. It would have been a better dessert if there were 10 actual dessert bites (so five each of the two flavors) and dulce de leche or cinnamon ice cream. That being said, the dessert bites themselves were very delicious. They were fried in a sweet shell. The Chocolate Brownie one was very rich and chocolatey and melting in my mouth. As for the Banana Foster, I thought I wouldn't like it because I'm not always a fan of banana, but it tasted more like cheesecake without the overpowering taste of banana. Absolutely delightful! 

The service was solid. Our waiter was very nice and made sure we had everything we needed. I think I would come back if in Philadelphia, as their menu has really good options.
I've been to this location a couple of times and I must say each time I go, I try something different. The 1st time there, I sampled their "Short Rib Chili". I mean, it is Un-Be-Liev-A-Ble! Seriously good. I went back a few times during the winter just to get the chili for takeout. 

Second time, I tried their "Grown Up Grilled Cheese". In a word, fabulous. You can taste all of the cheeses (gruyere, cheddar, and monterey jack) in the sandwich and the tomato soup is the perfect accompaniment. 

The very last time there, the Mr. and I went in just because it was open late. It was actually really happening in there with a DJ and everything. We were shocked because the last few times have been pretty subdued but they weren't weekend visits. The only thing that shocked me was self-service seating o_0

We discovered that they have a late night menu. You can get 10 wings for $5. Yup, you read that right....$5. And they were slammin!! There's really no other word that I could use to describe those wings. Any other word would simply be a disservice. 

So, to sum, every time has been a good time.
So we get here about 1:15pm only to discover that the dining area is closed...don't know if that's normal, but whatever.  We're seated and have to wait about 5 minutes for the waitress to come over for a drink order...

For a bar that claims to have 24 craft beers, the selection really isn't that good.  I ordered a flight and it took almost 20 minutes to arrive at the table.  When the waitress finally came back over we ordered our food...hot pretzel appetizer, a bean burger for my wife, mild chicken tenders for my son, and I ordered a burger as well...with Old Bay fries.

Let me stick with the food for a moment.  In a word - delicious. The soft pretzel appetizer was really good - with both  cheese and  honey mustard dipping sauces, it was a nice way to start the meal and it worked well with the cold beers...

The main entrees were also great.  My burger, cheddar and bacon, was pretty much hit the nail on the head perfect and really hit the spot.  My wife and son also were high on their meals and had no issues.  The Old Bay fries?  YEP, they were spot on as well...crispy with a generous dusting of my favorite seasoning.  

My only real problem with the place was the service.  Slow to get to us, slow to get our drinks, slow to get the food to us, a waitress who had no clue at all about the beers on the menu, a bartender who took forever to get us our drinks.  It just wasn't good.  The place wasn't as bad as other reviews would have us believe, but with better service this could have been a much better meal.
Never again!

I've been here in the past. I can honestly say i've never had a "great" or bragworthy experience here. Just "meh", usually. 

But I will NEVER COME HERE AGAIN!

We came in. The vestibule door is hanging a bit loose. It's DARK when you first walk in. No one is at the greeter desk. One guy walks by, mumbles something and goes about his business.  Another woman comes and sits us, SLOWLY. 

The building is virtually empty, maybe 2 or 3 other patrons.  We(3 of us) sit and WAIT for our server. We ask, and she tells us appetizers are half off. So we order appetizers and our food. We get our apps, and WAIT another 15-20 mins before the server comes and tells me that they don't have the sauce for the wings I ordered? What?!?! The only thing I really eat there are the wings! I change to their Fish & Chips. We easily wait another 25 MINUTES FOR OUR FOOD!

They obviously waited for my food before bringing all the meals out.  The other orders of rings were soggy.  And my fish tasted like fish soap. 

Then, to top it all off, the APPETIZERS WEREN'T HALF OFF!

I will never go here again. I prefer the University City Jackson l location, but I didn't think I'd see such a dramatic drop-off in service and food quality and energy.  Most of the staff such even seem like they wanted us there. 

NEVER. AGAIN.
Happened to head over to Landmark and will say for the first time at this location I was pleasantly surprised. Not that I expected the worst but I had heard negative reviews for this particular location. 

Four of us headed here last night after a family event to just hang and enjoy some libations. When we entered we were greeted pleasantly and asked for a table or the bar area. We at that time opted to be seated at one of the high top tables in the bar area, thus changed our minds as there were seats that opened up and had ask to relocate which was absolutely cool as the waiter moved us without attitude or delay. As we sat at the bar our bartender / barmaid was truly amazing and on point. Kate/ Katelin made sure we wanted for nothing along with her professionalism and witty humor that kept us laughing and entertained the whole time. We only were going to stay for a few but ended up having appetizers as well because she made us feel so welcomed. We ordered the Cajun fries and the honey barbecue wings which the other 3 in our party enjoyed very much. 

Kate continued to make sure we wanted for nothing during our visit. Other members of the landmark staff we also very attentive. The fire alarm kept going off during our visit but it was bearable thanks to Kate. We even were given a complimentary house drink the trash can which was excellent to the top off the night. I do not in anyway promote the drinking of alcoholic beverages but if you are in the area and just want to have a taste or even some good eats,  by all means check them out as they are a bar and grill with divided regular seating for those who would enjoy the quieter part of the restaurant. 

Thanks so much for a great evening and most importantly to Kate ! Keep her forever landmark ! I Look forward to our next visit especially since she  also informed us of her schedule. If there are employees of the month we nominate Kate hands down !
My guess is you'd be hard-pressed to find someone who'd say too many bad things about Landmark, as it is the only thing even remotely approaching a real restaurant within walking distance from the SJU campus. I'm grateful to the place for rescuing me from the four horsemen of the culinary apocalypse otherwise known as Wendy's, Cosi's, 7-11, and the disgusting Larry's.

They have a decent beer list, although they have some strange ways of serving it. I ordered a pumpkin beer in the fall and had it served to me in a glass rimmed with cinnamon and sugar. Really? I gamely tried it but when the bartender asked me if I liked it, I couldn't lie. Turns out she didn't care for it either but her boss wanted her to serve the pumpkin beer that way. This strikes me as a really crappy way for (micro-)management to interact with its staff, and it results in an inferior experience for the customer.

Oh, and the last time I was there I ordered a Yuengling draft and it was completely flat! I sent it back and asked for a bottle, instead. That being said, the bartender rectified the problem quickly and without any hassle.

The food is just O.K., but in this area it's the best you can do. Their Asian salad is tasty but too garlicky, their Ahi Tuna salad is alright but doesn't come with enough greens and is therefore too small, and their veggie burger is a joke--a loose mess of brown rice served on a bun. Again, I ask: Really?

Their meat burgers taste good but are obscenely greasy. I will say that the kitchen cooks the burgers perfectly to temperature, in my experience.

Buffalo chicken strips are sort of good in a salty, artery-clogging way.

I've found the service to be decent but I tend not to go during the busiest times and about half the times I've gone I've just ordered takeout. You can call in your order and pick it up right at the host station, so that is convenient. I've eaten twice at the bar and the bartenders are friendly, attentive, and efficient. I only sat down in the dining room once to eat for lunch and I do recall that taking forever, and that the server also got two of our orders wrong.

I'd probably give this two stars if it were a different neighborhood, but two stars on Yelp translates to "Meh. I've experienced better," and I feel like that is not strictly-speaking true here because Landmark is easily the best place to eat when you are near the SJU campus. I'm factoring its convenient location into the star rating. Plus, it's not really that bad, it's just not great or even always especially competent. So three stars, it is.
Let me start by saying the food here, in my opinion, only warrants about 2 stars. Not to say that it's terrible. Along the lines of Applebee's or Friday's. Fast food presented well. The extra 2 stars are for our server Maya. Very attentive, pleasant, helpful, ...... and any other positive adjective you can think of. The young lady is from Pittsburgh, but she has the kindness and charm of a southerner. She treated me and my little bayyybayyy very well.
If I could give this place NO STARS ... I WOULD ! I went to Landmark tonight with my aunt after work. We got there around  6:50 .. mind you it's a little packed so I figured the wait was going to be a little longer, but not as long as it was tonight. 

We sat at our table with NO SERVICE until 7:20... We had NO drink menus, no napkins, and no silverware..... MEANWHILE we were sitting in between two tables who were getting served the whole time. If it wasn't for me tapping the waitress we still would have been probably waiting. 

I asked the waitress  if she was our waiter and she looked at me and literally said uhhhh I didn't know I had two tables, let me go check. The woman never showed back up until 15 mins later and told us I guess I'll serve you. So we finally got our drinks around 7:30/7:35 and we were  just waiting on our food. 

At this time, I pulled out my yarn and started crocheting because the wait was so long. It was around 8pm when I did that. Our waitress apologized about the wait and said she was going to see if she can take some money off our bill. 
By the time we finally received our food it was 8:30! 

My aunt didn't get the correct wings she ordered, they had forgot my soup and had to bring it out later. Plus on top of that my chicken tenders were COLD, as well as my fries ! Now I didn't want to complain about my food or get it taken back because it took us so long to even get our food in the first place. 

So both my aunt and I didn't eat our food and we asked for a box to go. Now here's were it gets crazy ! When we received our check, my aunt and I both thought it wasn't fair to pay the price that our bill was. Mind you we didn't have an issue with the total, also mind you the waitress never took money off like she said she did. So we asked to speak to the manger ! I wish I would have gotten his name because he was a complete asshole. So inconsiderate about his customers. I explain to him the situation above in very calm way. The first thing to come out of his mouth was what food. I then proceeded to tell this man the food that we bagged up and didn't eat. This man literally looked at me and said if I take money off your bill I have to take your food. Correct me if I'm wrong, but is that not bad customer service ! He then also proceed to tell me that he could make us wait here even longer until he checks the cameras ... which at this point I was just extremely livid and just wanted to get the hell up out of this place. So I told the man it's whatever and just paid the bill. 

BUT ONE THING FOR SURE, I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND ANYONE GOING HERE! THE SERVICE SUCKS AND DON'T DARE TRY TO COMPLAIN TO THE MANAGER BECAUSE HE IS A COMPLETE ASSHOLE & HE CAN TRULY GO FUCK HIMSELF THE WAY HOW HE HANDLED OUR SITUATION TONIGHT.
Young, married, African-American couple ecstatic about their bundle of joy, arrives 15 minutes ahead of their 5PM reservation on Saturday, January 30, 2016. Guests have already started to arrive for the shower. Landmark hostess says, "soon," when asked about when the room reserved for the baby shower will be ready. Couple notices that a Caucasian family is being served in said baby shower location. Pregnant wife is tired, confused, and concerned.

15 minutes later? It doesn't appear that the reserved room will be ready. More baby shower guests are arriving, and husband asks manager whether their room will be prepped, and the family who is eating in it, moved. Tall African-American male manager informs husband that, although the room was reserved for his baby shower, the other family will not be moved. Husband implores that this manager honor the baby shower reservation. Caucasian male manager then approaches, and accuses husband of becoming aggressive.

Really? Really, Landmark? Super pregnant wife and baby shower guests are annoyed and crowding into the waiting area. Manager tells Black husband that he's being aggressive, and reiterates that their reservation will NOT be honored. White family continues to eat in what is now dubbed "The Room Formerly Known As Baby Shower Reservation Site."

Coming from guests who have previously patronized Landmark for many a fraternity meeting, bridal shower, et cetera, this is UNACCEPTABLE. The couple  grabbed their guests, and immediately moved the shower to another location. Landmark Americana won't be getting another cent from us until this is resolved. And we have informed all of our friends and family in the area...spend your money elsewhere.
I'm a really big fan of the Landmark Americana in University City, so when my friend told me she was having a get together at the St Joe's location off of City Line Ave I figured that it would be a pretty good time, however, the experience was very dissatisfying.

When I arrived with 4-5 of my friends, my friend's boyfriend had a table for only about 6 people that they already had full so my friends and I went and sat at the bar to get some drinks and appetizers while we waited for everyone else to arrive.  The place was not really very busy considering that it was happy hour on a Friday and there seemed to be a whole lot of wait staff on duty, however, all of the wait staff seemed completely flustered.  You would think at the main bar area it would be pretty easy to keep track of getting someone a drink, but about 4 different bartenders would float in and out.  No particular person seemed in charge of helping people at the bar.  So I would order a drink with someone and they would just disappear.  One drink I ordered they just never brought to me.  I ordered some boneless chicken wings that took forever to get to me.  I passionately love the boneless chicken wings at the University City location, but these were a sad imitation.  They weren't very saucy so it made them very dry.  When we finally got a table for our party I asked the woman who I had ordered with to close out my tab.  (She had never taken my credit card to open a tab in the first place.)  She said okay but then 10-15 minutes went by and she just never came back over to me, even though she was right there in front of me making other drinks and such.  Finally I asked a man who I think might have been the manager to help me.  It didn't seem like they had any tab for me.  Luckily for them I'm an honest person so I told them what I had ordered and paid for it.

Things weren't much better when we finally got a table and had a steady waitress.  She seemed very busy and distracted, despite the fact that it still just wasn't very busy in the restaurant compared to the number of patrons.  It just seemed like they were highly disorganized in there.

The only thing that saved them for a 1 star review is the fact that their happy hour prices and menu is very good (much of the reason why I love the University City location.)  I ended up not paying very much for my drinks and chicken, which is good because the drinks were barely alcoholic and the chicken wasn't good.  It's just too bad that they are messing up such a good restaurant with disorganized staff.
I just got home from Landmark Americana and I must tell you I'm still perturbed.  Not just because of the food, but also from the lack of quality customer service.  My husband and I went there after church despite my better judgment.  In retrospect, if a place has only a 2.5 rating after 86 reviews, please listen).  

My husband got the garlic Parmesan chicken tenders (or boneless wings) and a bucket of old bay fries.  I ordered the Crab cake sandwich (at my server's recommendation).  It came with regular fries but I opted for the extra dollar upcharge and got the garlic Parmesan fries.  When I received the crab cake sandwich it was flavorless.  I wanted to send it back but my server NEVER came back to ask how my meal was going.  After having to flag down another server, she finally came to my table.  I voiced my disappointment with the crab cake sandwich and she said she would get the manager.

He came over and I explained my disappointment again with the food and also the server.  I told him I don't mind paying for the fries because I ate SOME of those but asked him to please take the sandwich off the bill.  He never addressed that the fact that the server did not come back to check on us in time for me to maybe get something else while the hubby was still eating.  

The Kitchen Manager did come out to ask about my concerns.  He explained he must follow the company's recipes that perhaps were better suited to the palate for a different clientele.  He apologized and suggested different options the next time I came in. I appreciated the gesture but I won't be back!

What REALLY gets me is that the manager only took $7.00 off my bill.  Which means I paid $6.99 for a side portion of fries.  6.99 will get you an entire bucket!!  But I guess that's my fault, right?

At other restaurants, the manager would have "comped" my whole meal!! Perhaps we don't warrant that level customer appreciation and respect for we residents of West Philadelphia!

Bottom line:  If you want good food and/or good service (except for the kitchen manager), GO ELSEWHERE!  I bet you guys there will be no response from management.  A successful organization will welcome even bad feedback.  That's the only way you can improve.  Maybe that's why the place had only 5 or 6 other patrons on a Sunday afternoon
2 stars cause the foods great at any of the Landmark locations I've been to. The service, I wish I could give -5 stars cause the waitress was the absolute worst I've ever had. She completely forgets to put one of our meals in, she puts in the meal after us having to find her after she dropped off the initial food off and didn't notice one of us not having our food in front of us. She comes back and blames it on the kitchen cause our order was so large that they looked past it HAHA yea right she forgot to put it in(which I verified by seeing it last on the receipt) she walked past us multiple times with all of us having empty plates and drinks until we had to say we were done and wanted our check. She then dropped off the check and NEVER came back. We were 5 businessmen and she what....expected us to what just pay cash and go? 
The reason I have referred to this waitress as "she" the entire review is cause she never introduced herself or had any type of name tag. What a joke of a waitress, she should really take up a different field of work cause restaurants are obviously not her expertise.
Made the mistake of not bringing lunch in to work today, and I am paying the price.

I ordered the pulled pork sandwich as takeout. The service was great, actually. The person who took my order over the phone was friendly and polite. When I walked into the restaurant, the host station, dining room, and bar all looked clean. The person who rang up my order was again, friendly and polite. The food was ready when they said it would be, and the order was correct.

It's when I ate the food that the experience went downhill. The pulled pork sandwich is a grease bomb. The bun was soaked through with grease. The meat was soaked through with grease. There was much more--greasy--cheddar cheese than I would have expected. And the whole thing was inexcusably bland, tasting mostly of salt, onion, and, you guessed it, grease.

The portion was large and the sandwich could have served at least two people. I only ate enough to stop being hungry and threw the remainder away.

It is too bad. Even if all they had done was drain off more of the grease from the pork, or use less grease to cook it in the first place, this sandwich would have been much better. Such a simple fix!
Ok so I'm giving this place 2 stars Because this is the SECOND time I came here on a Sunday (which is $50 wings day) and they do NOT have any wings. Like WTF. It just does not make any sense. My mouth been watering for wings and for them to run out of wings at 5pm is very disappointing. It only happened to me twice but I'm sure they ran out of wings on $50 wings night more than that.  They need to get it together. Oh yea they ran out of bacon too. Because I was thinking about getting a bacon burger. Lol. But I'm really upset. So I'm going to the landmark on 34th street. Hopefully they have wings there.
So far this place seems meh. Until I met with my waiter Ky! He explained the menu and made great recommendations for ordering. He was attentive to all of our needs and was great!!!! 5 stars for KY only
Given its vicinity to SJU, it's great for students! SJU finally has a close, walking-distance place to watch a sports game with friends, hand out with professors, and get cheap beer and wings, (50c wings on Tuesdays and Sundays, 2$ Blue Moons on Tuesdays, 2$ Coronas on Mondays, 2$ Yuenglings on Thursdays and Sundays, and also 3$ U-Call-Its on certain nights as well). (Note, these specials end at midnight). The place is open until 2am every night which is accommodating but be aware that this place has frequently been understaffed on some packed nights, (especially Tuesday nights which is QUIZZO night). And by the way, this place has a unique point-allocating-style for QUIZZO which is pretty cool and can give some teams who may not have all geniuses a chance at winning.
We came for happy hour on a Wednesday, and the place was pretty empty.. maybe only about 1/3 full. But, despite the low activity, for some reason our food still took ONE HOUR to come out. It was a nice gesture for the manager to come out and apologize unprompted, but I found it odd that he offered pretzels as a remediation. I don't think chips make up for one hour of wait for 2 burgers? Food was fresh and decent when it did finally came out, and I did enjoy the fries, but not sure if it's worth one hour wait.
Horrible horrible horrible. The service was horrible and mostly related to the manager. This restaurant has steadily declined over time and is far from what it used to be, once again as a result of management. Came here on a Wednesday to grab food and for drinks and to enjoy the nice weather, and they had moderate business, with still a nice amount of empty tables. The food took 90 minutes to come, and it was cold once it came. The manager was very rude and was upset we wanted to sit outside, and was far from accommodating. There were 10 of us and he told us we could not split the bill more than 2 ways, which would not have been a problem if I had not visited here before and was able to get the bill split in more than 3  ways. We ordered drinks 40 minutes before happy hour ended and did not get them until afterwards. The manager thought it was smart to have his first day staff wait on our table and didn't help or offer guidance. When we talked to the manager about our concerns he was beyond rude, and never apologized. He almost hit one of us in the head when he took it upon himself to close one of the windows that was open inside the restaurant. I will not be back!!! Although we typically come here because it's a good meeting point, I will take my business to where it is appreciated.
Great place if you enjoy waiting 30 minutes for a beer.  Also the bartender is more interested in organizing the glassware then serving anyone.
Talk about a letdown. 

I had a quick lunch at the bar on Saturday. The grilled wings and Caesar salad I had were good enough, but I wasn't bowled over by anything. Perhaps I picked a boring meal but that's what I wanted at the time. 

No, what really let me down was finding out on the way out the door that they were running an all you can eat wing special that day. No signage told me this until literally as I walked out, and the sign was buried near the ground next to the door as you faced out. Nothing at the bar told me this, nothing in the menu, and the bartender who looked like she'd rather be somewhere else didn't bother to discuss any specials with me. 

It's probably a bit picky, but I believe that if you have a special you should promote it, and that your servers at the bar should be a little more engaging and proactive with the customers, especially when there aren't that many of us at noon on a Saturday. 

When you're a chain restaurant that isn't really unique, that's how you differentiate yourself. Landmark Americana didn't differentiate themselves to me on Saturday. 

It's fine for what it is, but it's not a destination place at all.
I've been going to Landmark with work colleagues almost every week since it opened. Tonight is the first time I felt compelled to write a review.  I arrived early for happy hour and sat at the bar. The bar was so dirty and sticky that I wondered how long it had been since it had been cleaned. The bartender saw me cleaning the bar with a Purell wipe, but still didn't take the hint. She was rude to me and the guest sitting near me. 

Service at Landmark has always been mediocre at best. I chalk this up to most of the staff being inexperienced college students and manage my expectations accordingly. Yet, tonight, it's particularly bad, and it isn't even that busy.
Very crowed and no one to take your order. All the waitress are walking around with their head cut off!!! My Husband had to go to the bar to place a order. And they act like they was so busy  they need a lot of help. And this was Our first time here. I might have to try on a different night or come in earlier. All the is doing is walking around not taking order. I just want Know where is the Manager!!!!!!! Everyone is still walking around not help or taking orders.
Bartenders are so nice; however, they don't have so many choices of alcohol. And the price is a little bit high. It is near a college campus, so there are many college kids around.
I only come here if it's my absolute last resort. Food is disgusting and service is very slow and below average. I've ordered a burger before which wasn't that great. The chili was absolutely disgusting and way too sweet. The wings were ok.
I've only been here once so far. I thought the food was good, pretty much what I would expect out of a sports bar. The one slightly disappointing thing was the slow service, but I would still come back. This place is A-OK!
Love this place. Very cool no frills hangout spot. Margaritas are AMAZING so are the wings, guacamole and chicken nachos 
Chill with friend or have a drink at the bar solo after work...awesome choice
So my daughter and I went last night, loved the atmosphere wasn't overly crowded as I thought it would be being as though it's on a college campus. I ordered the Crispy Fish Tacos which I won't get again, the tacos were served with only guacamole on it, but according to the menu it should have been guacamole shredded cabbage and pico de gallo. Needless to say I had to send the waitress back for the rest of the items that were suppose to come with it. The Spanish Rice looked better then it tasted, the rice was hard. But on a positive note my daughter ordered the Maple Salmon which was delicious very fresh and flavorful. I will go back because its convenient and the drink prices are not that bad if you stick to the daily drink specials. The waitress was very nice and attentive.
I'm sitting here right now upset because I've been here since 10:30pm and now it's 11:55pm and i have not been served yet. I'm starving and this is ridiculous...
French dip had the saltiest au jus I've ever had but the mac n cheese was amazing. Tried my friends chicken fried chicken, it was great as well.
Refused to take a drink off the bill that I did not like. Added gratuity because we spent over $100. Server asked if we wanted a box then disappeared for 15 minutes and acted surprised when we asked for the box again. Avoid!!!
We have been to Landmark before - due to its location as the ONLY real restaurant walkable to the SJU campus. Food is ok but nothing remarkable. We enjoy their Apps better than most entrees; guacamole & chips and chicken quesadilla were good as were the burgers. Very very loud with many TVs so bar might be good to watch a game. Service was EXTREEEEEMELY slow on a Monday night (& every other time we've been here) and no manager was observed correcting the problem. I wish there was some competition in the neighborhood to force Landmark's management to step up their game. This is a nice looking place with alot of upside potential, yet no incentive to improve.
Good music, food, and atmosphere. I've been to Landmark twice and it's been a nice experience. It's a unique place as it's a place to go to for any occasion and approriate for a wide range of ages from 21+. The waiters/waitresses are so friendly each time that I've been. 

I've ordered Landmark's wings and on my recent visit, I ordered the salmon blt. It's really good with fresh salmon, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and some wasabi sauce. It comes with a side of french fries. It's very good and it was at a reasonable price, $10.99. The menu is priced well with unique options. 

It's a good time to relax and listen to some good songs while enjoying a nice meal. If your in a mood, you can dance--it's not uncommon. 

On popular nights, parking can be hit or miss, so plan accordingly.
Very slow service. Inattentive and inexperienced servers and bartenders.
Stopped in for some grub around 11:00 on a Friday night the food was hot and fresh and everything tasted good. I had the Sesame Tuna tacos they were very flavorful the tuna was cooked nicely. I had sweet potato fries they were nice and hot. And there were a lot of them. You know sweet potato fries get cold fast I couldn't eat them all. My boyfriend had wings there were delicious as well. Nice and tangy and well fried. We'll definitely be back.
Great place for wings and finger food. My son wanted wings so we went here today for lunch. We are pleasantly surprised to see all you can eat wings for $12.99 from noon til 4pm. Normally ten wings are about $10. The wings were nicely seasoned, tender and juicy. The food arrived fairly quick and our waitress (Star) was attentive.
I love landmark and their happy hours. But, this visit the wings were extra greasy and the fries soggy. If I visit again, I won't be accepting subpar food.
Landmark is good but service is slow but I believe they are understaffed so I try to be understanding of the servers.  Location is good. Food is good I would rate it 7 out of 10 with 10 being the highest.  Food is slightly pricey in my opinion.  It's dark inside the dining area. I don't get cell phone service inside which sucks.   But Nice place to get dinner!  The bar area is always lively and they have different game nights and a DJ on certain nights.  They have good happy hour specials. Wings are pretty good as well!
Service was polite but def not top notch. Food was ok - nachos salty but delicious. Mash potatoes bland. They ran out of mozzarella sticks and Ive heard they often run out of food from previous diners. Rugs not clean and had to use plastic utensils. Great for college kids lunch/drink specials but there are def more quality options for adult dining. I hear the Market Street location is much better. Take this review for what it's worthas  this was my first time here.
I went to the Landmark Americana in Bala Cynwyd for lunch with some colleagues on a Friday afternoon. We were seated immediately in the main dining area. I ordered the Southwest Burger (medium) and opted for sweet potato fries instead of French fries. The burger was cooked perfectly and was delicious! The sweet potato fries were great as well. The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly. 
The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it took forever to get our food and quite a while to get the check as well. We got there just after noon and there was only a couple of other tables seated in the restaurant so they can't claim they were busy. 
Overall, I enjoyed Landmark Americana and will probably return. Next time, I will make sure our server knows we're in a hurry!
I was on the fence between giving Landmark American a 3 or a 4, the food certainly deserves a 4, and that is more important to me than service, I gave it a 4. 

I had the short rib chili and found it to be excellent, we also had the sweet potato fries as well as the crab dip. The sweet potato fries were very enjoyable, I'd prefer them to be just a little thicker cut, but the cinnamon butter dipping sauce that comes with them is excellent. As for the Crab dip, I thought it was good, and had a good amount of crab meat in it, but it was a little too cheesy for my tastes.

As for the service, when the bar was empty the service was quick and attentive, once the bar filled up a bit it seemed like despite there being 3 bartenders that many patrons went unattended for longer than they should have.

All in all I enjoyed my experience and if I'm ever near St. Joseph's in the future I wouldn't hesitate to come back, I'd definitely like to try some of their sandwich/burger options. Finally, I'd say that the prices here were very fair.
I'm so disappointed with the service I received from Landmark. Myself and my sisters went to landmark to hangout. The general manager, Albel Bailey was disrespectful. I asked a question about our bill. Landmark is running a special which states mixed drinks are $3.50 at the times of 9pm-12am on Saturday. When I questioned my bill because it stated $7 a piece for Jack Daniels with ginger. I asked why the drinks weren't $3.50 when the signs stated at two different locations. ( The first location was at the entrance and on signs on each of the tables.) The general manager stated that "You should've asked. Honey jack wouldn't have been $3.50. We've been running this special for a year now and never had a problem. You should've asked. It's nothing I could do." I felt threatened. He started yelling within the conversation. I would never recommend anyone this location. If the general manager conduct himself this way, I could only imagine his staff.
The fish tacos were terrible. They missing half the ingredients and nothing like the picture or description. There wasn't any sauce on them, sour cream included, a lime to give its dry fish stick seasoning, and instead of the cabbage, they gave me soggy lettuce. fries were soggy and cold too. The short rib on the Mac n cheese was completely dry and flavorless. The best part of all of this was we wrote in that we were staying at the Hilton, and they didn't include any utensils or napkins. It's covid. Room service is outlawed. They didn't have utensils to give us so try eating Buffalo Mac n cheese and short rib Mac n cheese with your hands. I'm furious.
MICE &  POOR MANAGEMENT didn't know what to put first... equally as bad. This place has gone downhill drastically. I have been a loyal patron for years, but no longer. Wait staff/bartenders are the worst in the industry. We waited 30 mins for appetizers and the establishment had 10 people in it. Oh and did I mention we was a mouse running across the floor. The bar area smelled like it hadn't been cleaned in months. Please do not waste your time or hard-earned money.
if i could give a 0 rating i would. 
the worst meal and worst service i have experienced at a restaurant in a long time. my chicken club sandwich was supposed to have avocado tomatoes lettuce chicken. one tomato one crumbled up piece of lettuce slapped together on a bun with a piece of chicken is not worth $11.99. we were served by our waitress 2 times. it took 58 minutes to get our food after waiting 20 mins to even be waited on
Had half off wings on Tuesday. Tried the sweet and spicy, I dare you, teriyaki. The wings were fantastic even though they messed up my order. The wings were juicy, well coated, with a decent amount of crisp. The teriyaki flavor was bad tasting to say the least, the other two was great.
Stopped by Landmark last night and overall it was a great time catching up with my friends who I barely get to go out with. We all ordered a drink or two, I had the lemon drop martini which was pretty good and I also got a mango mojito with grey goose instead of Bacardi and that was fire! For my meal I had the jerk salmon caesar salad which was more well done than I would have liked it to be but whatever I still ate it; however my friends all enjoyed their meals. My only complaint would be that the host placed us on an hour wait just for us to get seated and be rushed when ordering our food. The kitchen stopped accepting orders which I felt was a bit rude considering they closed at 12AM and stopped accepting food orders at 10:45PM. I personally felt that the server was trying to hurry up and get off work maybe, but regardless my night would've been more enjoyable if it wasn't rushed. Next time I will just come earlier but this place used to be known for its late night dining, doesn't seem like the place for that anymore.
Came here on a first date.

It's pretty much right off of City Ave adjacent to St. Joseph's.

Was served at the bar relatively quickly then chose to sit at a bar table to have some food.  For some reason this transition took longer than anticipated.

When we were finally seated at the table it took a while for the server to come over.  As she was young (under 21) she was not able to provide much insight to the types of alcoholic beverages they had.  That was slightly disappointing.

I ordered the quesadillas and they were very good.  Comes with a side of fresh pico de gallo that was finely chopped.

During the date I felt like I had something on my elbow.  When I looked I noted I had a blister!  Weird!  A few minutes later my date noted that he had one too!  WTF?
As if it couldn't get more odd, when I got home I noted that I had another blister on my other elbow.  This has never happened to me (or my date) before!

Anyway...I went to the bathroom at one point and only the 4th (and final) stall had tp...YAY

I hate to complain about it bc I actually felt bad for her BUT our Waitress literally talked to us for 30 min about how people skipped out on their bills that night and how she was responsible to cover the cost.  My date was kind enough to give her a big tip but I probably would have given more if she hadn't interrupted our date!!!  lol

As an FYI: apparently there are several of these in the Philly area that are much 'better' than this one

I would be hard pressed to return to this venue
If a restaurant was going through an identity crisis, that restaurant would be Landmark Americana. My friend described Landmark as TGI Fridays meets sports bar, and after grabbing dinner with her last night, I wholeheartedly agree! Landmark seems to be a hybrid between a local restaurant and a chain, a college joint and a neighborhood diner, and a sports bar and a family friendly restaurant you'd take your grandparents for the 4pm dinner special. 

While Landmark isn't the best restaurant in town, it wasn't horrible either. The prices seemed reasonable, and the quality ranged from average to fairly good. The sweet potato fries and desserts were quite tasty, and the entrees were decent. The servers made a few minor mistakes and it was difficult to get our waters refilled, but it didn't detract from our overall experience too much.

In summary, I'd say Landmark is an average restaurant across the board, and while it might not be your first choice for a Friday night, it's not a bad decision if you just need a place to go.
Customer service doesn't exist here. As I sit with an empty beer can and empty shot glass, I wonder how long it will take to bring another drink. It ended up taking 45 minutes.. That was after I had to flag down the bartender. I know what you are thinking... Must have been busy. Nope. We were 2 of 5 total ppl at the bar. That's right..40%of the customer base. I will ever come back here. I can be thirsty and sober at work. worst. Service. Ever!
