I've visited this place about 3 times and unfortunately, I have to say, you suck. But I won't leave it there, allow me to justify it. 

I don't know if I'm getting too old to tolerate hipsters or young artsy types, but this place is a breeding ground for the obnoxious. Clearly I'm not in the "in" crowd or a friend of the joint because the baristas seemed annoyed that I even placed an order. I remember seeing a posted note that someone wrote to them on the wall saying something to the effect of "stay tastefully snobby!" which is probably bad advice. It isn't as if they were being downright rude to me, they just were not at all warm and welcoming. 

Next, I've had a coffee, a mocha and a latte, all three were subpar. I mean, I'm a picky bitch when it comes to coffee but so many shops make a good cup in the city, it hits me like a brick when I don't get it. Perhaps my taste is maladjusted because my clothes aren't rag-taggy enough or my shoes and socks aren't disjointed and zooty, I'm not really sure. 

My next gripe (which isn't a direct knock on the joint but obviously it attracts them in throngs) is the clientele. Sure, I like a diverse crowd, but there always seemed to be at least one asshole just too close to me no matter where I sat. I actually sat outside for one visit because it was a nice day. Two women where behind me, sucking face and spreading their odors my direction.  I mean, it was a noisome hippy cloud of pure "soap is too conformist", but I got over it.  I couldn't care less that they were lesbian, and I could overlook the stink, but the conversation was the stake in the heart. I tried to drowned it out but I could hear the one over my headphones! Her conversation was so inane and just flat out ridiculous, I just couldn't focus on anything but her.  ( I feel sorry for her girlfriend, she seemed nice). 

So, what really got me about the place? The first time I went I lugged my computer and planned on staying for at least an hour to get some work done. It was old so it didn't hold a charge. After I ordered my coffee, I sat down and plugged it in... the receptacle was dead. I moved to another seat, dead. A nice girl actually said, "Don't bother, they're all dead. They don't want people just hanging out." Sweet Jesus, really? I went up to ask if they would turn the power on and they kindly said no. So I sat and drank my coffee, looking at a black screen, then left. 

What is truly a shame is this place has unlimited potential. I love the look (even though many of their seats need some love - huge rips with stuffing coming out...??? cmon). The downstairs is really cool too but the layout doesn't save the place in my opinion. 

If I could, I'd hang a sign over the coffee ordering judgement station (in the theme of "in soviet russia") 

             In the Last Drop
           Coffee Serves you!

If you hated my commentary and want to give me a piece or your mind and set me straight, I'll tell you one place you won't find me.
Last Drop is the Last Place to go if you are looking for a warm and friendly person to serve up a smile.  

The coffee is mediocre at best---it probably would have tasted better if I hadn't accidentally ordered my latte with a dollop of pretension and a few spoonfuls of smugness.

I really wanted to love this place---everything about its physical presence is wonderful, and there are good vibes upon arriving.  But when I leave a place feeling judged and hated after dropping $3.87 on a latte, I'm not really tempted to spread the love.
I believe this place is best described in a series of small snapshot moments (I was so distraught here that my memories only come back as brief flashbacks...). Please note that any dialogue or personal thoughts portrayed here, though stylistically portrayed, is truthful and completely honest. 

Scene 1:
I entered The Last Drop Coffee House on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Bright light permeated this warm and inviting coffee shop through large windows. A quaint row of beautiful white marble tables, spacious benches, and comfortable chairs greeted me, as I approached the counter.

Scene 2:
Me: "I would like a small iced tea please."
Barista: "One sec... [Checks under counter for long period of time] Unfortunately, we have no iced tea here. Someone didn't do their job."
Me: "....um. Small latte, perhaps"

Scene 3:
Barista: That will be $13.
Me: [Looks at small latte, looks at small sandwich. Looks at menu and tries to decipher confusing, poorly marked prices on menu. Figured out sandwich is $7.50. Could not figure out how a small latte could be $5.50, even with tax.]

Scene 4:
I was informed that the restroom was downstairs. Descending the stairs, I found another seating area. This one starkly contrasted the airy room above. The walls and ATM machine were scrawled with graffiti (unclear if it was the artistic kind, but if it was, it was most definitely not aesthetically pleasing). The entire basement was unlit, dark, and dreary. I found the bathroom with some effort, at first mistaking it for a broom closet (it was impossible to see what was in there as it was completely pitch black). After fumbling for a light switch, I was able to light one very, very sad brown lightbulb to find a graffiti scrawled bathroom....

I could barely see the toilet, there were no paper towels, and if my memory serves me right, no toilet paper as well...

Scene 5:
Reading a book, I heard one barista complaining to another in the background:

Barista: "******* shift is so long, 2 more hours."

[5 minutes later]

Barista: "I can't wait for this shift to be over."

[5 minutes later]

Barista: "Thank god, I get off in 2 hours. I hate being stuck here forever"

The amount of complaining was actually quite uncomfortable...

Scene 6:
Customer 1: "Do you have an ATM machine?"
Barista: "Yes, but it doesn't work. Try the bank across the street."

Scene 7:
Me: "Mm sandwich"
[Chew chew chew]
[Puts down bland sandwich]

Do not go there.
Every time I've come in here the "I'm too cool to be working here but I'm working here anyway" baristas are rude. Just today I stood in line for five minutes while the guy behind the counter carried on a conversation with a friend of his.  At some point he smirked and said to his friend, "I think the people in line are getting annoyed".  He then proceeded to give his friend a free tea before begrudgingly taking my order.  So sorry to interrupt you while at work...

Bad service aside, the place is dirty and unpleasant with bad paintings of men with hairy chests on the walls. Not condusive to enjoying an afternoon coffee.
I liked everything about this coffee shop, to be quite honest. There was plenty of available seating on a weekday morning, the ac was kicking on what was an unseasonably hot day, and I had a pretty view of 13th and Pine. The cherry on top? La Colombe is the house brew. I was quite content during my almost two hour visit. 

The baristas were nice, and I was able to start a tab since I was expecting someone to meet me a bit later. They also take credit cards! Before leaving I ended up ordering a chicken salad sandwich on ciabatta to go. If that wasn't the best chicken salad I've had in a long time. It was awesome! I'll definitely add The Last Drop to my rotation for those days when I need to get out of the house to work or take a meeting.
I used  to go in here and think there was something weird on my face because the baristas were always glaring at me, but I was a wildly self-conscious 18 year old and had no clue that the prerequisite to enjoying your Last Drop experience to the fullest was some sort of ban on smiles and respect.

Whatever. My misery loathes company. I'd rather go to Starbucks. At least when I'm there I don't feel like I have a third eyeball or bizarro mole when I'm talking to the barista.  More importantly, there are plenty of other independent coffeehouses throughout Philly with much better, stronger coffee and prices and more warmth. Similar ambience too, just better energy.  If that's your thing, warmth. And friendliness. Maybe I'm just an oddball. Apparently.

I will give them two stars for the funky mosaic bathrooms and vegan cookies. But I think their coffee and "service " are equivalent to watery shit.
This is a hard review to write because I don't look forward to going here but I am so thankful they exist.  I live seven blocks away with no internet, so when I'm in a pinch, Last Drop always comes through.  

So what do I love and appreciate so much?  
- Their HOURS (open til midnight unless the dude working gets grumpy)
- Their free wifi (not 100% reliable)
- Their endearingly random decor.

What stinks:
- Terribly lackluster tea selection
- I would never eat/trust their food
- It's a challenge to find an outlet
- The servers make me feel bad about life.

I wish they were inviting and friendly like Chapterhouse or Soy Cafe.  I spend a decent 10-15% of my week working or writing in coffeeshops and Last Drop is my last stop when nowhere else is open.  Blah.
I've only been here 1 time. It was about a 30-45 minutes before closing. I asked for coffee with soy milk, and the server very rudely informed me that they were out - of coffee and soy milk. I asked for another drink, which he informed me they were out of as well - again, like he was doing me some huge service by gracing me with a response or something. He did not give me any information as to what they DID serve, or was apologetic in any way. I felt like he was going out of his way to make me not want to come back. I think the server forgot that part of his job is to make customers feel welcome, and treat them with basic respect. 
There's tons more coffee shops in Philadelphia that appreciate your business; Chapterhouse, The Bean, just to name a few.
For the first time ever, I'm writing a review that is not just to warn you of this place, but to urge you not to come here. If you want to skip the story, just read the end of my review.

I live just down the block and I stopped coming after having a few bad experiences (coffee is sub-par, depending on the time you can wait in line 10+ minutes, visibly irritated employees) but I decided to try again this week.

I just got back from ordering an everything bagel with cream cheese and tomato. The woman charged me $4.32. That on it's own is mind-boggling. Not that I have a right to complain about bagel prices in a city, but Spread up the street bakes their own bagels twice the size as these in their wood oven and use their house-made cream cheese's and charge less than that. In comparison to my chewy bagel with a thin layer of cream cheese, your money would be best spent elsewhere.

This is the important part though - just 2 days ago I ordered the same thing - bagel with cream cheese and tomato and was charged $3 and change. Aside from the fact that my bagel is worse than eh and there are rockin' bagels available a bit further up the street, I was blatantly ripped off. Pricing is not and should not be ambiguous. Never returning again.
Coffee shops are an enigma to me.  It's bizarre that people spend so much time hanging out at these places.  I'm baffled by the logic that the purchase of a $2 cup of coffee entitles one to sit at a place of business for an entire day.   

I'm surprised you don't hear more stories about frustrated baristas gutting the shiftless lay-abouts that sit around all day and don't even have the common decency to put a single dollar in the tip jar.  I admire their patience because if I were in their shoes, I'd be decapitating beret-bedecked domes on the regular.

Last Drop seems to suffer from an overabundance of self-righteous, look-at-me tool boxes.  I'm hard pressed to determine whether their loitering is for genuine enjoyment or some sort of performance art...a modern-day street theater.

The other weekend I stopped by the Drop (as the cool kids call it) to drink an iced coffee, sit outside with my dog, and enjoy a beautiful Saturday morning.

Sadly, relaxation and peace of mind were not in the cards.  Sitting directly behind me was arguably the most annoying person I've encountered in Philadelphia...an unemployed lesbian with a crew cut.  

Upon sitting, I was immediately subjected to the pleasure of listening to her explain her career philosophy.  She does freelance work to make money, but she doesn't do too much because then she won't be eligible for unemployment.  Terrific.  

It's so inspiring to hear about a person so consciously manufacturing a mediocre existence.  There was a time when the American dream meant working your hardest to achieve your goals, to elevate yourself in society.  Apparently, in the age of the entitled, that dream has died...to be replaced with nothing more than a desire to simply get by with the least amount of effort.  Her parents must be so proud.

As if this unabashed, unashamed, public explanation of her utter patheticness wasn't painful enough, she didn't even pause to take a breath before launching into a tirade about the rationale behind her hatred of Brokeback Mountain.  I literally broke into tears.  

I sobbed like I haven't sobbed since Elliott reached his hand out to ET, looked into his eyes, resolved himself to save his best friend, and began ripping off his heart monitors while screaming, "Leave him alone!  You're killing him!"

I love the coffee here, but going to Last Drop makes me wish that people were more self-aware.  Is that too much too ask?  From the fat business woman on the train discussing her work duties loudly so as to convince me that she is a serious person and not just a revolting slob to the disaffected youth performing a dramatic street corner pout, I just have a simple request...leave me alone...I don't care about you....
Way, way, way overrated.

Coffee's a dime a dozen - La Colombe.  Atmosphere is all right, and the crowd is, yes, very scene.  Baristas are pretty distant, which I dislike - come on, if you're getting paid to pour me a cup of joe and I tip you a dollar, crack a smile at least.

The outdoor seating is nice, and the staying open till midnight thing on weekdays is even nicer.  But that's about it.  Take it or leave it.
This place should be called "The Last Resort."

The coffee and food is pretty unremarkable; I've had a few bland egg sandwiches and lukewarm lattes before their service utterly drove me away. And that's saying something; I live a block and a half from here.

I've always received really crappy service from disinterested hipsters, but today pissed me off to the point of actively recommending against this place. I found someone's Villanova student ID right outside and, wanting to be a good Samaritan, I went inside to see if this public coffee house would be willing to hold onto it while I contacted the person. The woman could not have been more of a bitch. First, she kept me waiting while she counted her tips. When I explained the situation, she said, "Um, we have enough to do." Because holding someone's ID behind the counter is SUCH A HUGE BURDEN. Seriously. But this sort of self-important, unfriendly service is on par with all my other experiences. Yeah, I bet working in a coffee shop can be a pain sometimes, but I think it's unacceptable to be this rude when you have a job in CUSTOMER SERVICE. 

So, if you're looking for a Villanova ID, contact me. If you're looking coffee without the attitude, walk a few blocks to Good Karma on 10th and Pine. They actually have, you know, good karma AND good coffee. This place just effing blows.
I want coffee, but
I don't need to be stared at
Through your thick glasses

It's not you, it's me, Last Drop. Honestly.

We've known each other since 2001. In college, we had some pretty good times. You were my go-to spot in the city during college, but my enjoyment started to ebb after a time. After moving to center city, I found plenty of other places not filled to bursting with snark and judgement. My love for you waned, and eventually you fell off my radar completely. Until moving back to the city in August of 2010, when to my horror I found you even worse.

Let's back up just a second. Your space is great, and but for other factors would be a brilliant place to study, or even have some small acoustic shows downstairs. I love the old fixtures and shattered glass bathrooms, as well as the custom tile tables dotting the upstairs. You're quite a looker Last Drop, and not without your charm.

The problem, I think, is that while your space is great, the same people who were there in 2001 are still there, only they didn't have a name back then. Nowadays we call them hipsters. Even your staff fits the mold to a T. The last time I was there I waited, patiently at first, for the girl behind your well-work counter to finish not one but two pages of her book before looking up to get me a lukewarm coffee from the urn. No and thank you for that sort of treatment and product.

There's a second star here for the breads you carry; if I could order them directly and avoid the shop, I would.

Like Christopher R. says, hit up Spruce Street Espresso instead. Better beverages and you won't have walk through a gauntlet of judgement.

Sorry Last Drop. I promise I'll try to avoid the awkward eye contact when I walk by. We had some good times there but you're just not the same anymore. Actually you know what, never mind that first line. It is you Last Drop. It was you all along.
No-frills coffee and bakery. Liked that you can order without having to enter the cafe. The person at the window will take your order and call out once it is ready. They have a few tables setup outside. It was great to relax by the cafe with a cup of delicious coffee. 

The staff is friendly and coffee was perfect (got a cortado and a large latte for about $9)
Unprofessional and rude service on June 21, 2021 at 2:00pm.

Server asks "do you want to put a tip on the card?" which is an inappropriate question you do not ask a customer. A tip is at the discretion of the customer and for the customer to initiate his or herself. The pressure of the server is provocative and not necessary.

When I declined, the server slammed shut the window right in my face. This is totally disgusting and uncalled for. 

I will not going back to this cafe.
This place could be so much cuter if they tried a little harder. The eclectic furniture is run down and the mis-matched photos on the walls would be better if they really finished the project. The basement is drastically different--vibes of a college underground bar/speakeasy in an abandoned church. The coffee is good, but being on Pine you'd think the space would just be a little more spruced up, ya know?
In general, I'm underwhelmed, and don't believe I'll be coming back, even though I've tried several times to like this place.

I've now been here a few times looking for a coffee shop to sit and get some work done in, and each time I've been disappointed. Their drinks are fine, but the food is terrible. I was there on a weekday afternoon, and the "grilled panini" was just a pre-made sandwich warmed up. The bread was soggy and the cheese was rubbery. I paid over $7 for this sandwich, and it was very disappointing.

There were only a few people in the place, which seemed promising that it would be a relatively quiet afternoon. However, the baristas were loudly talking about their plans from the previous night with some of their friends who were sitting at the table next to me, which meant they had to talk over me. This completely took away from the atmosphere I was hoping  for when looking for a place to do work. 

Additionally, the bathroom is located downstairs in a dingy second floor of the place that no one was sitting in. The bathroom was dirty and inhabited by a few large bugs (may have been a small dead cockroach lying next to the toilet).
Zucchini bread, peoples, zucchini bread.  

I've never been ill-treated at Last Drop, nor have I ever been given much of a smile, but I still come in, ever faithful to the caffeine.

It has a layer of indescribable grime that I accept, based on it's quality of coffee and confection.  Also, proximity to my house is a factor.  And being open late.  And, the mother of all reasons to stop in - it's not another motherfucking Starbucks.
Reasons why I will not go back to the Last Drop:

-My table was filthy yesterday.  I cleaned it myself and the napkin was black.
-They take cash only and the ATM was out of service.
-Their iced coffee was crappy.  
-The guy behind the counter was not that friendly.
-I couldn't find any outlets for my laptop.
-Their bathrooms are scary downstairs.

It's a shame, because the first time I was there I liked my cappuccino.  If I'm in the mood for coffee and I'm in that area, I'll go to Starbucks, and I'm not a big Starbucks fan.
Here it goes! Inspired to write my first ever yelp review because the baristas here literally are too jaded to function. Exceedingly rude staff even after offering my business regularly and "killing them with kindness" which is a ridiculous sentiment as a customer.  Learn to treat your patrons with respect instead of being reflexively rude. The coffee is fine
I was debating 2 stars because I do like their baked goods - chocolate chip zucchini bread especially and their teas are nice too, but geez louise the whole place is a hipster's dream, but a non-hipsters all too real nightmare.

I hate that the baristas think they're the sh*t and treat you like sh*t. I don't usually mind the hipster scene even though I am far, far from one myself, except when I'm at the last drop. Thank God I found Chapterhouse and stopped coming here (they're the nice hipsterish people).
I have to share this story with you because people seem to want some sort of karma balance to the baristas of this place and also because it is the reason I have trouble returning. With that said, if you are easily sickened, don't read this review.  

This woman came in (she was severely overweight, sparsely bearded, and generally displaced looking) and started asking people all of these leading questions about themselves that seemed rude to rebuff but also none of her business.  She decided to sit down next to me and my firend and ask us questions about our work.  We answered, probably looking like jackasses (not  making eye contact, kicking each other under the table, etc) until finally she said she was going out for a smoke. This whole time she was coughing very hard and I wasn't very surprised to hear she was a smoker.  When she returned, she sat down and started coughing and hawking serious phlegm which seemed to be ever present in her throat.  It became so severe that everyone was doing their best to look away (imagine a room full of people who generally go to the Last Drop to be viewed or view while enjoying a cup of coffee but not to be shaken from our own independent being).  When I look up there is phlegm all over the table and the barista is using a towel to, seriously, slop a table full of phlegm into a trash can.  I can still see it so clearly because I didn't know a human being could produce that much phlegm.  It covered the entire table and fell into the trash bag with a heavy* sploosh*. She was still coughing and he asked her to go use the bathroom (mind you her face is COVERED in the stuff). He then sterilized the table and because the whole place was full, the next couple that came in went to sit at the very same table but luckily the barista (while the rest of us sort of stared and gasped at the prospect of those people sitting there unknowingly enjoying a vegan scone) told them the table was temporarily out of commission.  

That was a while ago and doubt she is still alive but I thought since there are so many complaints about Last Drop's baristas, this is some of the shit they have to go through.  Furthermore, bring a place mat.
Let me start by saying that I have given this place many, many chances to redeem itself. I come here 1-2 times a month for a group meeting, and each time it gets a little worse.

One pro is that the basement area is quiet, which is why our group likes to meet there. However, it is obvious that they never clean down there. I regularly find old cups of coffee, stale sandwiches lying around, and the long wooden bench by the staircase is structurally unsound and has splinters.

The coffee is fine--it gets the job done but it's not stellar. But the clincher is the pricing for their baked goods, which on more than one occasion have been stale. Yesterday, I was below the $3.50 credit card minimum so I picked up a small raisin bread thinking it would be maybe a dollar. Nope....for something I can devour in two bites, it was $3.50. Wayyyy overpriced. When I bit into it, the raisin had a fine white wreath of mold around it.

If I didn't have to meet here once a month, I would swear this place off forever. As others have mentioned, their staff is surly and seems very unenthusiastic about working there.
Everyone that works here is a shithead. The coffee is ok.
I like this place, because it definitely has character.  The guy at the counter definitely seems like he would have some funny stories to tell, the people all are extremely different, and the actual place looks like a music venue turned coffee shop.

Although I do think the music venue turned coffee shop look is great, it doesn't really make for a great studying ambience.  It's a little dark, it's a little dank, and the music is a touch too loud for me.  And as someone pointed out before me, there is a serious lack of outlets.
Walked past this place so many times and finally decided checked it out today. Definitely agree with some of the previous posts about the staff being rude. The tall guy taking my order looked pretty miserable--short answers, didn't smile. Coffee was just okay, nothing that special. There's plenty of other cute little coffee shops in the area so I don't think I'll be returning.
The thing I like best about the Last Drop is the lighting. Some describe it as gloomy or unwelcoming, but I've always been one for dim ambient lighting. The coffee is pretty good, the barista friendliness is somewhere between La Colombe and The Bean Exchange, leaning slightly towards LC (this is on a bad to good scale). The total ambiance is quiet and self-contained.

I haven't had any of their vegan food, but when I was studying here I got a cheese croissant. It was a little soggy because it probably had been sitting there for a long time, but it was delicious. The refills are pricier than other places, at $1.00 versus say $0.80.
I love everything about Last Drop, except the whole coffee part.

The employees are ALWAYS rude. And like some other reviewers have stated, will finish talking to their friends before they serve you. I think it;s funny because they have a sign taped up that says "We will serve you after your finished with your phone call." I agree but if your going to ignore a customer until you feel like dealing with them, you have no right to ask for that.

As far as the drinks go, their OK. Nothing special & nothing awful. Problem is I always get charged a different price each time I go, but why would I try and correct the ironic-hipster douche-bag behind the counter. The best part about the drink is the cup design itself.

Although reviewers may bash this place, it will never die. People go for the artsy, eclectic appeal. The art on the walls is always interesting and they always have a wide array of interesting flyers and reading materials scattered on a table. A great place to know what's going on around Philadelphia. It's usually pretty quiet so it's a great place to read, do work, or draw.

If it were possible I'd give Last Drop...
5 - Atmosphere
3 - Food/Drink
1 - Customer Service
Loooooooooooooooooooove me some last drop. I was coming here much more often when I was internet-less for the month of August. Since then I have acquired internet and have relinquished my all-day sataturday and Sunday seat. Though I still go back every now and then for a scrabble game with a buddy or just an interesting place to read a book - or what-have-you. I really like this place because it's SO BEAUTIFUL inside. The woodwork behind the counter is so nice, it makes me feel like I'm in someone's home. Though the diry, vandalized bathrooms make me feel like I'm in a frat house. So yeah.. the last drop - somewhere between feeling the safety of home and the disgust of a subway walkway... just right.
I would have to agree with most of the sentiments from prior raters.

All in all, this place is quite mediocre. I was initially somewhat ambivalent about the ambience, but I think I like the hippy feel. That is basically all that is going for this place. These days, all coffee houses have wifi; all have interesting customers/patrons; all have marginally knowledgeable barristers; all have tolerable snacks/desserts...

The coffee... hmm, what coffee?? the lightly browned water. I was about to ask for my money back, but then it was only $2; actually $1.95. My point is I expect coffee with some oomph and not watery blah.  

That's all.
Made a stop hereduring a weekend trip to Philly. Happened to stumbled upon this place right about the time that we needed a good break.

I ordered a chai latte. My chai latte was actually pretty damned good. It reminded me of my local coffee shop out in the City of San Fernando. It was creamy and thick, kind of like a warm cupcake. I completely dug it.

I found the staff, despite their HIPSTER exteriors to be actually very pleasantly not hipster. Mind you reviewers that I was wearing a pair of jeans and a Star Wars shirt from target. I have a theory after reading so many reviews... people are judging this place based on their judgment of the patrons and how they perceived the staff were judging them. Do you think Rocky would have eventually gotten a chance to fight Apollo is he cared what people thought of him? Nope. In fact in Rocky II he actually ends up defeating Apollo. 

So I plead with you reviewers, separate the two. Be the bigger person, if you go in there with your snarling closet hipster stares, you're just going to get that right back. 

"...if I can change, and you can change... EVERYONE CAN CHANGE!"

In short, I loved the Chai Latte!
Oh, this is good joe. Good mix of patrons - artists, biz types, students, and just people from the neighborhood. Nothing pretentious about the place. Good selection of drinks (hot and cold), pastries, and light food offerings. Music, not too loud most of the time, and a good selection - not just generic bookstore music or your everyday Starbucks - preprogrammed for you to buy it tunes either. Very good social vibe upstairs + if you want to work on your computer, more space in the dungeon + power outlets too.
Nice little spot on the corner of Pine and 13th Streets.  I came in the late afternoon and every table was taken up by a single person. GAH. Fortunately, by the time I ordered drink, one of the tables emptied out and I could take it over.

Coffee was not that hot and not that strong.

Wifi was OK.

People-watching outside the window was great.

Basement has additional seating if you don't mind black walls and dim lighting, but that's where the bathroom and ATM are.
IF I COULD GIVE THIS PLACE NEGATIVE STARS, I WOULD. THIS PLACE IS THE WORST FUCKING COFFEE SHOP I'VE EVER BEEN TO. HANDS DOWN.

REASONS WHY I HATE THIS SHITHOLE:

1.  THERE ARE ABSOLUTELY NO PLUGS THAT WORK.
2.  THEIR TEA SELECTION IS SO LOUSY IT'S SAD.
3.  I'VE NEVER BEEN AROUND A RUDER GROUP OF PEOPLE IN MY LIFE. what the fuck kind of business allows its employees to finish their lame ass conversations before helping a customer? ?!??!?!?!?! i had to fucking ask the guy (i hope you know who you are because you fucking suck and i hate you so bad) to STOP TALKING TO HIS HIP FRIEND AND HELP ME!!! WHAT A TOOL.
4.  YOU CAN'T GET ANYTHING DONE BECAUSE THE LIGHT IS SO DIM AND EVERYONE AROUND YOU ARE HIPSTERS TALKING OUT OF THEIR ASSES ABOUT SHIT THEY KNOW NOTHING ABOUT. 

and finally....the reason i hate this place the most:
5.  SOMEONE STOLE MY FUCKING NEWSPAPER HERE THAT I JUST BOUGHT.
I KNOW ALL YOU HIPSTERS THINK YOU ARE SOOOO COOL SITTING AROUND DOING NOTHING WITH YOUR LIFE AND WORKING ON A CROSSWORD PUZZLE, BUT FUCK YOU. ALL OF YOU!!!!!!!

Honestly, I never thought I would go to a coffee shop that would actually make me WANT to go to Starbucks.

To all of the staff at the last drop:  fuck you and your hipster friends!
The coffee is great and the set up is awesome (comfy benches with tables and lots of outlets, big windows for lots of sunlight - my perfect type of study spot).  

Unfortunately the customer service could definitely be better.  I don't need you to be overly friendly or anything but I definitely didn't order any hostility with my latte.  The barista made my drink wrong so I super nicely asked him about it and instead of just saying "oh sorry, let me fix that" he bickered with me for 5 minutes first.  Honestly dude, it's not a big deal...if you had just done it with a smile you'd have a permanent customer. There has been a  similar attitude problem the couple other times I've stopped by.  I've seen them be nice to other customers, so maybe it's just me? (Then again, here are a bajillion reviews saying the same thing, so maybe not)

I love patronizing local places but this is the sort of experience leaves me running to Starbucks...sure they're overly corporate but all i have to do is make a funny face when I sip my drink and they'll make a new one and give me a free drink coupon.
Cool music, good atmosphere, good coffee. 

I started reading Anna Karenina there, and I'm pretty sure that the coffee shop had some effect on me, because I most certainly wasn't feeling a) defeated, b) bored, or c) self-loathing... which is how I feel about 200 pages into the novel here in SF.
The Last Drop Coffee House is the most welcoming coffee house in Philadelphia if you're a scene kid with tight pants and hair that hasn't been groomed in 2 weeks. If not, prepared to feel unwelcome. The coffee is expensive and bad. The internet is NOT free, and you have to cram between small tables. If you're not wearing your Sunday best, you can go into there basement to avoid stares from the other customers.
What the hell happened to you Last Drop? You used to have stellar baristas who made lattes that made it worth getting up and going to work for. Maybe it was an off day? Maybe my client standing me up five minutes before our expected meeting of 10 am put a bitter taste in my mouth? Thanks by the way for still having that big ol' clock. Because my phone is my clock and the clock gave me the exact time so I could politely tell my ex-client that it was 9:57 and that I don't think I'm going to be ever picking out color swatches or patterns for their lovely home. 

Luckily I had the latte set in a to-go cup, but as I ambled away down to 9th and Bainbridge I chucked it away and had another at chapter house which makes a better latte. However, if you talk in Chapterhouse you are often glared at. You really can only hang out there if you are reading or studying. Last Drop is really much better for having conversations.
Last Drop sits very high on my top 5 list of coffee shops because I've adored every beverage I've ordered from them, but I swear they must torture their baristas in the morning because every single one is pathetically miserable and unreasonably rude. 

It's borderline comedy to watch them roll their eyes every time they take an order, or a customer dare asks a question concerning the sloppy looking menu. 

Any other coffee shop I tip 20%, because barista's deal with a lot throughout the day, but I've stopped at last drop. Why would anyone give supplementary money to someone who looks like they want to spit on you for doing business with them? 

Everyone has bad days, but the poor baristas (literally every single one of them) over at the last drop must have bad days 24/7! Thank goodness they have their paying customers to take their anger out on!
The Last Drop - yeah, we get it. It's good 'til the last drop...or the last hour that it's open. 

If you're going to spend the Friday before the biggest exam of your life - I'm talking like major life altering exam that determines what you'll be when you grow up - you really ought to do it at the Last Drop Coffee House.

Fresh coffee concoctions abound, and pastries galore. There's the dainty civilized chocolate chip zucchini bread, and your standard apples and bananas. There's decadently frosted cookies and plain croissants. There's vegan and gluten free cakes for those with animal product aversions and awful allergies respectively. 

Substantive sustenance fit for any food regime + caffeine + giant windows that allow the sun to warmly caress your back while you stare at your computer screen for hours...what more could you ask for?
I discovered this place during high school in the mid-to-late 90s and was excited to visit again when I moved to the neighborhood in my 30s. Well, my excitement was shot to hell by the incredibly rude young woman who worked the counter (this was pre-COVID-19, so maybe she's gone now). I felt as though she was judging everything about me while stabbing me with imaginary daggers. I clearly wasn't cool or hip enough to enter her coffee shop. I no longer have purple hair and I'm also friendly, so I understand that between my natural hair color and smile I was probably threatening to her. Anyway, when I spied brownies on the counter and asked if they had nuts, she asked, "Do you have a nut allergy?" When I told her I did not, she said, "No, they don't have nuts." (I just don't care for nuts in brownies.)

I bought one, paid quickly, and left as fast as I could to escape her evil vibe. Then I removed the plastic wrap and bit into the driest, most flavorless, rock hard brownie! And it had nuts!!! She knew that. She did it on purpose. Never have I felt so unwelcome in any store in my life! She ruined a place I had adored as a kid. I haven't been back since and will never return. 

On the other hand, she made me happy that I outgrew my dislike and judgment of those I viewed as conformists, i.e., "normal" or "conventional." Hopefully she follows a similar path in life. It's a much easier and more pleasant way to live. But, yeah, I'm not ever returning to The Last Drop. The place lost its luster after that encounter. I would actually go to Starbucks over this dump, and I don't care much for Starbucks' baked goods or coffee. Given the number of other great coffee shops in the neighborhood, I've experienced no sense of loss over never setting foot in this joint again. The proprietors, on the other hand, might feel it financially.
Pros:  It looks cool, has outdoor seating, a secluded bathroom,  a downstairs with books for the er...borrowing, and a bazillion flyers for the places you should be when the sun goes down.  Also, you can buy tix for fun dance time parties here.

Cons:  It's expensive, at least one staff member thinks I'm a man, and being here makes me feel creepy and uncomfortable.

I recommend saying this place is cool, but not actually going there.
This review has been a long time coming as my husband and I frequent the last drop mostly every weekend for "fancy" coffees aka not keurig. My usual go tos are the cafe mocha or the cappuccino while my husband usually gets an espresso. I knew I liked this place, but after being in Paris for a week and falling in love with the cafe lifestyle, the last drop had a whole new meaning for me. While it's definitely not a Parisian cafe, they have a few seats outside where I tend to sit when I bring my dog for the walk over, and have yummy croissants, bagels and sandwiches if you're looking for more than just coffee. As another reviewer noted, the baristas are not as friendly as say, Starbucks, but I'd rather not have someone in my face while I'm waiting for my coffee to be made. I'll probably be back this Saturday for a cafe mocha...
I wish I lived close to this coffee shop again, it's the funkiest in the city.  The atmosphere is bohemian, the patrons are mostly art students and locals, the indy music sets just the right mood.  The baristas are life long, serious coffee people, the same people that were serving me a cup of Joe 4 years ago are still there and happy about it.  

The long bench seating along the windows and standard table and chairs in the center of the room are comfy.  There is outdoor seating, shaded by big umbrellas.  There is a downstairs that is perfect for private conversation and group meetings, all couches and add furniture.  The bathrooms are done up with a glass and tile mosaic that is so wild that you just have to see it.

I spent my first year in the city, in this coffee shop every day, typing up my first book and sipping endless mugs of coffee.  Outstanding.
Very relaxing coffee house. I'm not sure what all the negativity regarding "hipsterdom" is all about. I've never been treated rudely here. Decent coffee, good pastries, generally good music. Definitely a go to spot to get a cup and read.
Really great spot. Cozy, great latte, yum muffin, it was so nice to sit by the window on a rainy day, with a view of 13th and Pine.
Wow. not enough love for the Last Drop. I don't know, even though I'm far from a hipster kid with tight pants and a beard, it's always made me feel fairly welcome. the coffee's not always the greatest, and the food can be overpriced. but it's definitely a great place to kick back, relax and get some work done.
It also has the best downstairs area. it has an abundance of power outlets for you to hook your laptop into, and an interesting assortment of books (your better off bringing your own if your actually looking to read something though). it's also the perfect spot for conversation, or handling a band interview when your in a tight stop. 
Last Drop is also the spot to go to when your looking for any information on concert events, or if your looking to put up something about your own event. because they are definitely pretty cool about letting people hang up posters. Last Drop is also where you go if your looking to buy a Making Time ticket.
Really disappointed to see how this place has gone downhill over the years. The baristas are regularly unwelcoming and look at you as if you're bothering them. They ask if you want to put a tip on your order, which is totally uncomfortable and awkward for a customer (I usually tip but I don't want to be pressured to). The WiFi is incredibly spotty. Not sure when it went downhill, but I hope the owner takes a serious look at their business and reinvests in it! It has great potential.
I could LIVE in this coffee shop - well, they won't let me, but if they would let me, I'd be happy there... It is so cozy, and the coffee is great. Nobody ever bothers me in there, which is a miracle. They don't blast music. I love it. It's my Go-To spot.
this place is full of adorable people avoiding each other at all cost, bring your laptop
i like this place, it has the usual menu featuring charming cakes and cookies,  bagel sandwiches and some good la colombe coffee. it has outdoor seating and a downstairs room. this is a very chill place to write, make art,do research,or just hangout with a friend.
everyone working at this place is awesome and so nice.
I'm sure the coffee is good here, but who would know? Everyone knows you don't come to the Last Drop if you're looking for coffee.

If you feel the need to be seen during the day, don your best outfit, do your hair, and head on down to Last Drop. Professional scenesters know that you need to get there early in order to snag a table. They don't kick you out until closing, so you can sit all day if you need to. If you go often enough one of the baristas will develop a crush on you and you will get free coffee.

There's also a downstairs with additional seating, but only losers go there.

ps the wireless IS NOT free.
I'm going to generally agree with what was said. I frequent Last Drop because it's literally next door to me. One strong word of advice, the coffee is not good, I ALWAYS go for a latte or other espresso based drink-that's the best option here. Their price for a latte is also better then starbucks and the quality is much better as well.
Conveniently located around the corner from my place. They carry a variety of vegan baked goods and they have hot apple cider which I LOVE. The service isn't always super friendly, but mostly it's fine. 

It's a good spot for awkward 1st online dating encounters, which is probably the most likely reason I'd be in a coffee shop, so I guess I'm a fan.
A solid cup of coffee. Homemade pastries covered in saran-wrap that have been sitting in the case since Grey's Anatomy was still a good show.

Biggest pet peeve - None of the outlets work so your laptop will inevitably die within an hour of you getting there.

They open and close whenever they want, so don't expect a drink on the go in the morning... The doors are open for business but the barista tells you "We are not open yet".

They have a tip jar that says, "Making coffee is hard to do", and it clearly is because it takes them 3 times as long as anywhere else in the city even when there is not a line.

Pros- the internet ALWAYS works; making fun of the place with your friends!
Cons- VD in the potty, snotty hipster baristas, pathetic tea selection, horrible customer service, outlets are not functional, length of time it takes to place an order, no credit cards accepted
I studied here quite a bit this summer studying for the Bar exam during my coffee shop study spot tour of Philly. Of the probably 10 places I tried, it was good...right until the last drop!

Pros
-Big windows.
-Large tea selection and decent food.
-Rarely had a problem finding a seat and there's extra seating downstairs.
-Magic gardens-esque bathroom and generally quirky/edgy decor.
-I never felt pressured to leave like at some other coffee shops that don't appreciate studiers.

Cons
-This is a coffee shop that people actually go to, so if you're trying to study, there might be an old man interviewing a very annoying loud girl for an unpaid art internship next to you.
-The barristas are not *super* friendly, but the one did consistently remember my order after 2 days or so.
-The outlets in the wall don't work, if you need to plug in, look for the extension cords.
-Some of the tables get super drafty...pack a sweater!

Would recommend as a study spot or a place to grab coffee/quick lunch with a friend!
My go-to cafe, as it's one block from my office. Though I use it all the time for one on one meetings, sometimes it's eerily quiet and you get the feeling everyone is listening to your conversation. Vibe can be a little weird, but definitely a good place to study or work on a project you need to concentrate on.

Food is ok, nothing stands out - the spicy artichoke wrap is hella spicy but good. They have tons of vegan and gluten free options.

They take credit cards now (woo) but there is still an ATM in the basement area if you need it. I should point out that the basement area is part of the cafe, it's super dark and I can't really imagine while you would go there, but it's there.
Hipstered out, so be prepared for the judgemental attitude and leering...  but offers a good spot to grab a cigarette and a cheaper Ice tea.
While I'm inclined to rate Last Drop higher because of its charming decor and wonderfully nice staff, I must say that the coffee is lacking in quality and the price does not warrant the product.

I drink my coffee black, so it's rather easy to tell if an iced coffee or regular hot coffee isn't up to par, and I must say that I've never been blown away by the brews.  

It's a great place to sit as you can take in all the indie posters, the artwork, the beautiful wooden bar, and tile, but if you're looking for a good cup of coffee that's priced to market, go somewhere else.  It's a quaint little place for small get togethers, though.
The Last Drop Coffee House is one of the best local coffee shops in the city

It has a nice old, rustic feel that makes the customer feel welcomed.  The baristas are knowledgable and quick with their service to make coffee and teas that puts Starbucks to shame.  There is plenty of seating including outside seating, as well as tables in the basement of the shop (this is where the bathrooms are though, so sit at your own risk).  One of the best benefits to this little coffee house is the free wi-fi.  It certainly helped me out when I first moved into the neighborhood and my internet hadn't been hooked up yet.

P.S. The Chai Tea Latte is the best Chai Tea Latte you will ever have. Try it... Now!
this place use to be great

WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED?

someone please smile!!!
a little bit pricey for a Mocha but hey its local, so I won't budge,  the Sandwich which I had was pretty good . Not so clean restroom . The place just depicts like an Edgar Allan Poe novel, dark and antiqueish and dirty looking shades of black and gray and rust. I did mention pricey cups of coffee but they were better than the coffee of the shop on the corner of Pine and Broad, way better.  

Do not expect your typical WiFi mad guy with his khaki's and J.Crews around this shop, expect a whole different persona for the peeps who come here. When you enter its like Paint it Black by The Rolling Stones playing.  More books read here than Websites i suppose.
I've been hitting up Last Drop for eight years now since I work right around the corner and often despise the dreadful DEATHSTARbucks around the corner [unless a fellow employee bribes me with free soy coffee to go there].

I've gone through my late adolescent and early adult phases of different haircuts and fashion styles but never was treated any different at the Drop, like some referred in their review. The staff has remained pretty much the same during this time and so has the atmosphere, with the exception that there is no more smoking.

Last Drop's coffee is by far better than Starfucks' but you'll rarely see the executive types hanging out at the wooden or mosaic tables chatting up business deals or playing with their Blackberry. Thank God! The place is more the ideal for the neighborhood indie types, bike messengers taking a break, art school kids, and anyone else who refuses to support the corporate conglomerate. They offer a few blends regularly and the espresso drinks are amazing.

Being an indie business, their prices are going to go up when factors like gas prices and milk prices escalate [compared to corporations who can afford to loose a few pennies a drink] so be prepared to fork out $4 for an espresso drink. They are also cash only, but there's an ATM located at the bottom of the steps.

The drop has an incredible selection of sandwiches including egg salad, tuna, bagels with lox, and an avocado and red pepper sandwich that is just divine! They also have an assortment of breads including banana bread, pumpkin and zucchini bread as well as more vegan treats than I have seen at any other coffee shop.

If I remember correctly back in the 90s and early 2000s they used to have open mic. It would be great if they still did but for now they feature local artwork in the upstairs.

So if you're in the neighborhood stop in for a bite to eat and a refreshing iced coffee. It'll be good till the Last Drop! [yea, corny I know].
Don't get me wrong, I really like this place. The atmosphere is cool, nice location, open late, and the free wifi is awesome. But the coffee is just not that great. It's average. 
If Last Drop would just raise the bar a bit on their coffee brewing, I would gladly give them a 4 or 5 star rating.
Oh, I wish I loved The Last Drop so much more. 

I have been there so many times and every time the baristas are totally rude or distant or apathetic. Call it what you will, but they seem to never look you in the eye but enjoy talking amongst friends or co-workers instead. Gosh, it must be so hard to be a working hipster. 

The coffee is ok. Every time I order a drink with Chocolate it is never mixed properly. The place is dirty and dark. It really is just a dive of a coffee shop, but it isn't really comfy.

The outdoor seating is nice. I like their Vegan cookies. 

They don't take credit cards either, but they have an ATM downstairs. 

It is a great alternative to the Starbucks on the opposite end of the street, but I am embarrassed to say I sometimes choose Starbucks over The Last Drop because the staff there (Broad and Pine) are so very friendly and it is closer to my destination.
Grungy with appropriately grungy staff who have given me service over the years ranging from "Dude, can't you see I just don't want to be bothered", to "OK, if we really have to do this, we can".  But it's a neighborhood place all the way as parking in the 4 blocks in any direction surrounding this corner is among the most difficult in the city, I have an easier time around City Hall. But the coffee is LeColombe, the pastries good and the iced mocha drink in summer outstanding.  Really a moot point for me as the last 3 times, I simply couldn't park.  The pedestrians win here.
I love the atmosphere and the coffee is good. Food is a bit questionable, but Im going there to do work not eat. Staff is competent but not overly friendly.
Some of the staff will ignore you at the counter if they're talking to their friends, but most of them are nice.

The environment is grunge/laid back, and they have good music going that just lets you zone out for hours. It has a punk rocker feel, so it's not too clean. You'll smell like coffee when you leave, but that's a plus in my book. The food is slightly below average/soggy, but it's also relatively cheap.

I would never give them 5 stars because they're not the best in any way, but they have never given me a single drink with any coffee grinds in it. And every single iced coffee I have gotten there tasted fresh... that means they get rid of coffee after it sits too long, which I respect a lot.
I really want to love you Last Drop, I really do. It's really hard, though, when you have no working outlets in which I could plug a laptop or phone charger, your barista dudes are so extravagantly without humor that it casts a shadow on your whole day, and it never fails that the seat or table I choose will be wobbly. 

As for the coffee and treats, you have nothing special to offer me. (Although I appreciate the bananas. I mean, you're so close to home that I can grab a coffee and banana in the morning on my way anywhere!) Please start experimenting with coffee beverages, etc, and get some new tea flavors! 

The only thing keeping me coming back (though very, very rarely at this point) is that you once had some photographs on display that were so incredibly good I can't help but have some teeny bit of respect.
2.5 stars.

I stopped in to get recaffeinated after a nice lunch at Mixto. The coffee place has a good feel/look to it. Its warm and not IKEA/sterile. There weren't too many hipsters or people for that matter. I"m not sure whether that's because everyone was at class, its vacation time, or the normal patrons were conducting satanic rituals in a secret room downstairs(I'm joking, don't get your underwear in a twist). 

I ordered an ice Americano to go. I had to encourage the cashier/server to stop his conversation with the young pretty woman he was talking to first though.  Of course, I failed to see the "CASH ONLY" sign until after I ordered. Thankfully they had an ATM on the premises. I let the server know i was going downstairs to get cash while he whipped up the drink.

I came back upstairs after looking around and seeing some cool stained glass window(s) downstairs. Once again, the server had to part company with his frauelein before I was able to pay up. 

The coffee was good without being either too strong or too weak. Have to give the guy props for making a good drink.

I might stop by again sometime and see how the atmosphere is for a sit down/extended stay.  Until next time, same Yelp time, same Yelp channel..........
good coffee. good place to read a book. i like to get coffee here then walk across the street to Dirty Franks and pour booze into it.
i love TLD for getting coffee in center city. i don't get that interrupting a library feeling by opening the door. nobody looks up. there's a lot of space upstairs and down and i've never had trouble finding a table. i'm pretty sure they have a bunch of vegan snacks here as well. another thing i really like is that, to me, the temperature is usually really good. i've been to coffee shops where it is suffocatingly stuffy as well as freezing (from opening the windows) and it's always comfy in here. plus it's pretty punk rock and rad overall. yeah
Actually a very good latte. 2 stars because the barista (female in her 30's, rough around the edges but I don't judge) was incredibly bitchy. Bitchy to the customer before me, bitchy to me. I haven't encountered such an attitude from an employee anywhere in years..this is "write a review" rude.
Today, Friday, June 1, 2018, I arrived early to work, approximately at 7:30 A.M., so I decided to try the Last Drop on 13th and Pine Street in Philadelphia.
It is my second time in the place, the first time I stopped in to view the menu, but I did not see it displayed, so I eventually left without purchasing anything. I only stopped in because I wanted to check it out as a possible future place to eat breakfast and grab a quick sandwich for work. Also, I order sandwiches and pastries, for monthly meetings I have so I thought this could be a good place to meet that need as well.
Fast forward to today's occurrence. I walked in, it was a blonde chick and an African American male standing chatting, nothing odd about that. I said good morning, and they responded accordingly. I was checking out the sandwich display when another lady walked in. I informed her to go ahead in front of me since I was not ready to order. The man walked away as the blonde took the woman's order. Once she finished with the lady, she saw that I was still looking and said there is a menu over there. I said thanks and walked over to where she pointed to look at the menu. I returned and ordered the egg and cheese sandwich. She said what are you having it on? I replied an Everything Bagel. Her tone was curt, not friendly. So I said let it pass maybe it's me. Then I looked at the sandwich display still thinking maybe this would be a close enough spot from work to hang out for lunch. However, I quickly changed my mind since the blond's tone didn't change. I asked while she was preparing my sandwich are these sandwiches made fresh to order? She said, excuse me or something to that order so I repeated the question. She responded they are already made, we make them. I asked, you make them in the morning? She responded yes. All questions I asked the tattooed blond woman were answered in a monotone voice with no interest on expounding . Needless to say, I will not be visiting that establishment again neither to satisfy  personal or business needs.
The blonde's response may not be a big deal to you; however, for me, it is important for any establishment that I spend my hard earned money at to demonstrate good social skills by being courteous and, professional. I don't care if you are pretending, I do desire the business employee or owners to make an effort to be social. 
Now about the sandwich, nothing special about it: I took a bite or two, and for me, it is too much egg. Also, I like my bagel toasted and not simply warmed as she prepared it for me. When I asked her to toast it, she replied it's toasted. I removed all the egg, and I am left with a piece of turkey like the turkey meat I purchase from the deli, cheddar cheese, and an Everything Bagel. Once I finish this review, I am going into the breakroom at my office to toast the Bagel the way I like it and will heat up this one piece of deli turkey. I paid $6.48. Overall, I rate The Last Drop one star and guarantee no further $$$ from me.
Here's the thing about this place. Yes, it is decidedly hipster, caters primarily to UArts students who want to pretend its the 90s, and is run by people so rude that the cashier once said to me when i asked for light cream cheese, "Well, uh, I can spread it on real light," and proceeded to wipe his nose on his sleeve. But I still find it all a bit endearing. It's remiscent of the grunge era, being 19 and full of spunk, sticking it to the man with vegan scones, and all that good stuff. You can't get a table or seven varieties of milk, but you can get killer zuchini bread and a taste of nostalgia. And it beats the hell out of the Starbucks across the street.
Great house blend. (Full disclosure: that's all I tried there on my first trip) Went at 1pm when most coffee shops' coffee tastes stale and old. But it tasted freshly brewed and strong. Great spot.
Update: 

I've been coming here once a week for a few months now. Indifferent service aside I was pretty happy with the food/coffee.

Being a graduate student, I need a good place to sit and do work. I always make sure I have a something to eat/drink in front of me and order multiple times. 

Today, I go in and the guy complains his help didn't show up and that he can't make any food. 
So, I asked him can you simply put bacon in the convention oven as a side and I'll buy a premade sandwich. 

He decided in his infinite wisdom to reprimand me by saying "the entire point of not making ready to made orders is not cook." 

I'm in the service industry and I think given the situation he could have made an adjustment or changed his tone. I had ordered a latte and infact I was so upset I gave it away and left. I won't return. 

Sorry Nam, I'm tired of having to leave and go elsewhere and because your baristas have poor attitudes and refuse to at least work with customers. 




Great quirky place to eat and drink...
We came here to get a snack and some coffee and were initially not thrilled by the lack of friendliness, but the coffee tasted good (even though it was boiling hot) and the sandwiches seemed fine. 
It all started after that, when my wife tried to order a hot chocolate a few minutes later. The cashier started throwing F-Bombs around instead of politely telling my wife that the coffee shop will close in a few minutes. We were kinda kicked out and let me tell you, for the rest of the day we were both nauseous, after having eaten those (probably spoilt) sandwiches.
Granted, it was new years', so it has probably been a crazy day for everyone, but I would still expect some common decency and not telling my wife to get the F* out when she was very politely trying to place an order. Not to mention the rotten food we got.

I always bikes past this shop and for more than a year wanted to give it a try sometimes, now I can say it clearly wasn't worth it. I will not come back, sorry.
This was my favorite coffee spot in Philly for a long time, but just recently the lack of working internet (almost a week) and the employees lack of interest in fixing it has forced me to move up the street to (ugh) Starbucks. Too bad.
My favorite coffee shop in the entirety of philadelphia.  The indie atmosphere just adds to the fabulousness of their drinks.  It always seems to have a few people inside, and it seems like a small place, but there is a lower level lounge area with couches and red walls and nice lighting for hanging out or reading.  I have to admit i'm not a huge fan of coffee, in general, so for me to enjoy a coffee house is a big deal.  Their chai tea is AMAZING... foamy and warm and mildly spiced and served in a giant cup.
Great coffee and great prices for the area but definitely not the friendliest service!
Nice staff and comfortable cafe (love the tables!) but they gotta fix their wifi--every time i go in there the connection suuuucks.
Last Drop is a great li'l coffee house with excellent coffee (yay!), wi fi, brownies, bagels, and even other foods that don't start with the letter 'b' (including vegan options). The music's always good (or at the very least, interesting). The decor is aesthetically pleasing, the artwork is predictably weird and usually bad, but in an endearing way... I don't know-- what more do you want? 
Unlike other reviewers, I have never had an issue with any of the baristas. I get served in a timely fashion and I don't get any guff. And I've been coming here off and on for about 10 years now, so I'd say that's a pretty good track record.  Maybe some people have actually been horribly mistreated by the staff and if that's true, that's not cool. But most of the complaints here sound kind of whiny and self-conscious ("They think they're soooo cool...",  "I hate hipsters!" [we all do, honey], "The one dude who works there doesn't smile at me..."), so I'm not sure I trust them. 

In summary: mmmmm, coffee; baked goods!; other common traits of an independent coffee shop; staff might offend you
Fresh coffee, good iced coffee, great vietnamese coffee, free wifi, and plenty of space. 

The only con is the bathroom is disgusting. Even just trying to get the paper towels from the dispenser makes me want to wash my hands again.
I don't know what yelp.com enthusiast Jason S. has against Last Drop employees, but this place is A-OK with me: a nice place to read a book or watch a guy do a charcoal drawing of a wizard.
Ay vey... Last Drop, how you present me with such a conundrum.

So living 3 doors down from you, you're my go to cafe for my morning americano, of which I'll get between 2-3 times a week. The coffee is always good and there's never too much of a line. Sandwiches and bagels are also good and reasonable priced.

But... and I know I'm not the first one to say this, can I get a little love my way from the staff? Now I'm not expecting you to know my name or my social security number, but I do usually come in ever Monday and Friday morning at the same time, can I at least get a smile or a "hey"? And I know it sucks being up in the morning, but many other people, including myself, are doing the same thing and can at least squeeze out a "thank you" or a half-smile. At the very very least when I drop some coinage into the tip jar?

I do love the space though, both upstairs and down( the morning light coming through the stained glass window in the basement, even on the most dreariest days, is ethereal) and I rather be served by a grumpy human being, then by the robots at Starbucks.
There is definitely a certain crowd that enters and exits what is called 'The Infamous and Famous Last Drop Coffeehouse'. It's been at the corner of 13th and Pine for as long as I've been attending the University of the Arts and probably longer. I do like the interior-look of it's western-woodwork and the rather huge mirror that takes up mainly the whole first wall as you enter. There is also mozzaic-styled tables to rest your cup-o-joe on. Then if you're brave, enter the hidden basement where you'll find bathrooms decored with tiles and religious figures watching you do a number two and a nice extension of seating with a beautiful stain-glass door/window giving a charm and splendor to what little else this place has to offer. 

On a whole the coffee is good, as is the food, and even with the dreaded Starbucks monopoly opening it's doors little then a block right off of the busier traffic of S. Broad, the Last Drop has maintained and kept most of it's patrons and daily passer-byers. 

The only problem which most people agree is the attitudes of Last Drop's employees consisting of mainly art school grads or drop-outs, some possibly from the school around the block. They are bitter and angry... Why? I can't really say. Maybe they're just not where they want to be but a job is a job right? Yes it is. But I believe there are boundaries too. Heck, even I like to wring peoples necks that just nag or really abuse 'The customer is always right!' policy. Though these guys don't even give you the opportunity to give them grief. They slam things around, stare right through you, and don't even respond to a simple 'Thank you' as they hand you your coffee. I believe if you actually touched any of these people they'd explode from all the frustration their building up over nothing important at all. You're just serving coffee guys.
I really enjoy hanging out at The Last Drop. It's open late, located in the scenic gayborhood, has acceptably good coffee & food, plays interesting tunes, and usually the noise level is just right-  I'm not distracted while reading, but I don't feel guilty having a conversation either. 

Love: Outdoor seating, secluded basement, late night hours!, bathroom graffiti, ATM, free wi-fi

Like: coffee, sandwiches (egg salad is really good, and they use excellent bread), prices (not great for drinks, but the food is cheap)

Dislike: overly dim lighting, conversations between staff & their friends that prevent me from ordering, running out of stuff (no seltzer for Italian sodas is uncool)
Great coffee shop. Good coffee.  They have sugar in the raw available, which is harder to find in Philly than I expected.  Good pastries.  Comfortable atmosphere.
Definitely like the laid back indie feel, but it can get a little cramped sometimes.  Only two bench couches if you're lookin for that sort of thing.  The coffee's decent (I'm no connoisseur).  Don't come in the summer if you can't take the heat (open windows), but there's free wireless, and you can smoke on the benches outside.
It's getting increasingly impossible to avoid Starbucks, but I do my best.  Dimly lit, hipsters seem to reproduce my mitosis, coming in and out with their self knit mittens.  It must be something about the torn couches or music that is so hip or so old that it wouldn't even show up in an Ipod commercial.  

Nonetheless, it's not a bad place to go to study.  I have long since given up on the coffee there, but get the chai latte with soy milk.  The internet connection is good, but if it doesn't work just and you ask for help be prepared to be directed to "anything.com" by the staff.  Thanks, jerks.  

There is also only 1 working electrical outlet, though there seem to be many non working one scattered throughout the room.  1 working outlet??  Oh, it is a power strip so bring an extension cord if you're unfortunate enough to be on the opposite side of the room from the power strip.
Good atmosphere, but not really my kind of cafe.  Maybe I need to give it a second chance, but the music was pretty annoying and loud.  The coffee didn't strike me as anything special, and the place seemed kind of crowded, with tables right up against each other, creating a kind of cramped feel.  

3 stars, because it was a while ago and I really should give it another try.

[update 7-31-06]
I just moved downtown and found out that "the last drop" is one of the only cafes open till 12 at night.  The coffee still sucks, and sometimes the music is pretty crazy, (Death metal at a cafe?  I'm um, trying to write here?) but it's a good environment, with outdoor seating, and don't forget to visit the downstairs area, it is set up real nice."  
4 stars!
Been here twice, first time was met with an ok iced latte and really kind service. Second time was met with an excellent Vietnamese coffee and service that was borderline hostile. Definitely a place I would order to go.  Really nice interior though, very sweet looking spot. Might try it again just to give it a second chance and one more Vietnamese coffee.
popular with hipsters on wi-fi, two floors, cruisy
Recently started going here after a friend recommended it. I am pleasantly surprised by this place and glad I have a new quiet spot to go to so close to where I live. 

The Last Drop is great for sipping coffee/tea and reading because the atmosphere is quiet enough that background noise is not overwhelming. That being said, it is not too quiet that it would be awkward to sit and talk with one other person.  I'm a big fan of the atmosphere here. The lighting is superb thanks to the giant windows, and the photographs on the wall are intriguing and interesting to me. 

Their coffee is good, relatively unremarkable but I have no complaints. I like that they have vegan treat options (which actually are pretty good). 

The staff has been quite pleasant and helpful in the few times I've been there. I will definitely be returning.
While tabling with Philly Weekly for the Mural Mile, I was parched, thirsty, and in need of something to drink.  I wandered on over to The Last Drop hoping they'd have smoothies or something similar, but all they really seemed to have were mostly coffee drinks, so I got an iced mocha, even though I didn't notice until after I had ordered that they had Naked Juice in their fridge.  Shame on me.  Unfortunately there was more ice in the mocha than I had expected, and it was okay, but not the best I've ever had.  However, the atmosphere is very chill, homey, and it looked like there were a good number of people hanging out while eating and/or drinking.  They do offer a small selection of regular and vegan baked goods, which means, that one day when I have time to actually sit down and enjoy the atmosphere, I will stop by again.
I like this place.  The staff is always cool to me, likely because I don't hassle them.  I drink my coffee black and quietly do my work in the corner when I need to, or go home.  The coffee is good.   Don't ask them for change for the meters, trust me.   Sometimes the artwork makes me feel weird but that's my problem.
The Last Drop is the opposite of Starbucks. That's why I like it. 
 
I have been going to this coffee shop for over five years and I still love it. They have one type of coffee, the locally roasted La Colombe. Yes,there are hipsters, but you'll have this almost anywhere. Their sandwiches are serviceable and tasty, particularly the avocado-muenster-sprout on black bread. It's a good quiet place to read, write, or catch up with a friend. This is the worn comfortable shoe of coffee shops.
I wonder if cafe owners understand how much their bottom line depends on the wait staff.  To the counter guy weekday mornings, I give five stars.  He's much of what makes this place great at that hour.  (Originally, I meant the taller of the two male clerks who are now there weekday mornings, but the second guy also seems very nice.)  To the total jerk woman who often appears in the afternoon, I give one star.  I actually avoid the place when she's on staff.  She is always so utterly gratuitously cold and scornful to every customer who's not one of her buds. They should definitely do something about her.  Otherwise I have a generally favorable opinion of this place: highlights are the great light, the general crowd, its diversity, the often very good quality fare, and very reasonable prices.  The only serious problem, besides the female counter jerk, is the inexcusable fact that the cafe doesn't wash its corpse-like garbage smell off the sidewalk where its tables are placed.  This is senseless, given that the cafe's currently allowed only two tables outside because the neighborhood people don't like what they claim Last Drop is doing to the neighborhood environment.  Last Drop, isn't this your cue to hose the sidewalk?  Come on!
The best thing about last drop is that it is cheaper than Starbucks. The  coffee sometimes tastes like a liquid ash tray, but now and then it gets better.( I guess somebody cleaned the pot) The place is truly the dive of coffee houses. I never had a problem with the help. I think the terminally hip are laugh.
