Service which was attentive but not annoying, a good date atmosphere, generous portions, and tasty dishes.  While the prices may be a bit high, they are in line with Main St Manayunk.  On the downside, the selection seemed limited.

Remember it is BYOB.
Gooseberries! Pickled gooseberries in the achar = super salty & spicy flavorful bits.  

Took advantage of Laxmi's awesome lunch specials and was thoroughly impressed. Many options (veg plates starting at $6.95) with your choice of entree (meat, chicken, veg *or* health conscious low cal), rice & side of the day. Complimentary chutney & papadam too.    

The owner was friendly & attentive, chatty in an unobtrusive way (he googled gooseberries for us on his laptop so we could see what they looked like pre-pickling).  The kitchen adjusted the spice level of each dish - I love seeing a deeper red hue in my dishes, not just a sprinkling of pepper flakes.  

Thanks Laxmi for an inexpensive satisfyingly delicious meal.  Will be back for BYO.
Having been wanting to try this place for a while. As Indians, we dont have many choices around the area, so we were excited to see this place. We went in with our toddler and the server was super nice. She was attentive and polite. Our appetizer ( Malabar chicken) was very unexpected, as we were hoping for chicken marinated in coconut/spice sauce ( as it is traditionally made) but these came encrusted in coconut flakes....looked good but was way too sweet for our Indian palette. We ordered a bit too much i think, and it took ages to come (considering we were the ONLY customers tthere) The dishes were very average ( i have had Indian foodcourt food that tasted better) and there was something very un-authentic about everything on the table. I don't want to sound very negative, but have to admit the food wasn't bad...it was just not authentic Indian food...everything was modified for the western palette and lost its integrity down the line. It was also quite pricey for the quality they offered. Unfortunately we wont go back there again.
This was one of the first Main St. restaurants I tried when I moved back to Philly and was told that Main St. in Manayunk was 'the bomb' as far as offering numerous great places to eat. Well, having been back for a few years now, that claim is highly and extremely debatable if not downright codswallop.

Laxmi's serves very generic Northern Indian food. While they don't do the ubiquitous steam table all you can eat buffets, the types of dishes you find in said buffets are what's on the menu here. *yawns*

The restaurant is attractive inside, a bit dark as far as lighting goes and every time I've gone, the servers have been nothing but courteous and incredibly pleasant. The food is fresh but I've never been asked what heat level I prefer and have found that if I closed my eyes as I ate, everything would taste mostly the same. Their carby stuff-basmati rice, naan, papadams-and their chutneys-is always very good and plentiful. The tandoori chicken or shrimp, the chicken or shrimp tikka masala are pretty much just protein with a vaguely ethnic air. Samosas are potatoey forgettables and definitely need to be livened up with a chutney or two. I've never had their food delivered but I can't imagine it being any better or different than what I get at a sit down meal here. 

tldr; If your idea of "Indian food" is the standard Northern stuff that most run of the mill buffet joints (especially around Penn) peddle, stick to those restaurants so you can eat your fill and more for $14.95 or less. 

Laxmi's is just plain over priced and underwhelming.
Over looked. Under valued.

Samosas, Pakoras were VERY good. We also loved the Tandoor Chicken and Lamb Masala. The sauces were tasty, everything cooked to order and delicious. 

Setting is quaint, quiet, and intimate. Good date spot.. bring a bottle of vino and go here now! Service was attentive and fast.. we'll be back
An indo place in my hood, finally! Now I can just walk down main st when I am craving some food of my motherland :) A small and intimate setting, with sweet indo-classical tunes playing in the background and friendly, eager to please staff. Totally love that it's a BYO too. We started with the fish pakoras which I thought was a unique app option ( usually you only ever have a veg or meat one). The fish was tender, cooked just right, with a crispy crunchy outside. There were already sauces on our table from the free 'paaper' we got, so that was our dipping sauces for the pakoras, but I feel like there could've been another sauce to accompany them as well. For dinner we tried the lamb vindaloo and shrimp korma.  I loveee korma sauce. I'd eat a bucket of that stuff if I had the chance.  This place did it just wonderfully.  My hubby and I love spicy food as well, and we basically requested the waiter to make it as spicy as they could, and I can honestly say its one of the few times that I feel like they've actually delivered on the spicy I requested.  And it made it so much more delicious too.  Just a note: I think this place had a recent restaurant name change, so some of their menus still say Shaheen.  No matter what they call it - I'll be eating there.
As another reviewer stated, Laxmi's misses the mark in terms of authenticity. Dozens of people in Manayunk rave about this place but if you are familiar with Indian food and enjoy it a lot, you will not be satisfied. While the spiciness is usually on point, many dishes are missing fundamental Indian spices and seasonings. The Chicken Korma, for example, is profoundly bland. 

I totally understand that they have to water down the dishes for the Manayunk yuppie/college kid audience, but as an Indian-American, I would have been really happy to have legitimate Indian cuisine right outside my door. The food is okay but I just can't enjoy it. Fellow desis and lovers of desi kana (Indian food), you will probably be disappointed.
What the other reviewers said is true: the Veggie Samosas and Naan are delicious. You MUST get these. However, the rest of the meal left much to be desired. 

The samosas are huge, and the filling matches it: crazy veggie goodness that was still moist and tasty. It even tasted like there was a bit of sweet potato in there because it had a hint of sweetness. Definitely recommended.

The naan! We got the garlic naan, and the top was crunchy and the middle chewy. Probably one of the top nans I've tasted in Philly.

Now the curry is where the quality started to falter. We got the Chicken Vindaloo and Lamb Makhani (like Butter Lamb). Both curries were on the watery side and seemed to lack some spices. The meat portions were great in the curry.

The worst part of the meal was the Laxmi Special Biryani. It was absolutely tasteless, and the meats were pretty dry. It was like eating the regular rice that comes automatically with the curry.

Not to mention, the food took too long to come out.

With the other dining options in Manayunk, I don't see myself coming back.
I've eaten here in the past and I remember the food being pretty good.  It's been a while and I was craving Indian food so I ordered a chicken tikka masala for dinner.

I asked for "medium" spice level and omg it was so spicy.  Either my spice tolerance has drastically decreased or the food here is much spicier than before.

I could barely taste my food because my nose wrunning so much.

Anyway, if you're sensitive to spicy foods at all, I'd recommend ordering food here with a "mild" spice level.

Update on my above review.

I ordered the chicken tikka masala from here again today and asked for "mild".  It's actually very good and still has a hint of heat.  I'm updating my review to 4 stars
I know, it's crazy.  A blind date for New Years Eve.  But my friends assured me that she would be perfect for me.  We shared the same interests (international culture, vegetarianism, love of nightlife).  A special night like New Years Eve is a risky proposition for a blind date--so much pressure to be special for the big occasion.  But....I was feeling lucky, so I took the plunge and reserved a 7:30 table for dinner with Laxmi.  As the night approached, I admit that I got ahead of myself with her.  I started to fantasize about what Laxmi would be like, whether we would be compatible, and even what kind of future we might have together.  Could she be The One?

When New Years Eve came, I was pumped up.  I bought new clothes for the occasion, got a fresh haircut, even made a trip to the dentist to get my teeth cleaned.  Then, it happened.  At 4:30 PM my phone rang.  It was Laxmi.  Unbelievable!  A last minute cancelation.  My hopes were dashed.  Her excuse--she was closing at 8 PM and had to cancel.  Whoah!  8 PM, on New Year's Eve?  So much for a love of nightlife.  I was left wondering--Why did she schedule our date in the first place?  To add to the insult, Laxmi didn't even bother to offer a lame excuse or offer to pay for a future date.  Maybe she knew that there was no chance in hell that I would ever have dinner with her.  What a lack of character!
Great byob with excellent tandoor specialties
New Name=New Place!  I was very skeptical that this place would  be different after the name change (the old food wasn't very good), but what a change!  The food is great and the service is wonderful!  I have been a couple times now, and every time has been a great experience.  It's great having a good Indian food restaurant in Manayunk!
The four was for the food alone. 

My boyfriend and I have been meaning to try Laxmi's or Chaaba, the thai BYOB right down the street, for months now. We were both craving Indian so despite the overall Yelpers recommendations towards the thai experience, we took the warnings about bad service with a grain of salt and made our way in. 

Laxmi's is a window-front restaurant, nestled in as the bookend of restaurant choices along Main Street.  Decor is simple with maroon table linens and two and four seat tables scattered. At the 8 pm hour we arrived, diners were sparce. We were greated by one of two servers on the floor and she placed us in a two-seater....right next to the door. I am not a big fan of sitting with my back to the whole restaurant and gazing lovingly at my boyfriend (and a corner wall) but hey! I was excited to eat Indian. 

She took our wine to uncork and poured us waters to start. A solid five minutes went by. Then another two. Our server had disappeared into the back kitchen and had yet to return. In the meantime, another couple had walked in, was seated and had their wine opened immediately. Almost 10 minutes went by and we were trying not to stare as they were were sipping and munching on their little starter. 

We found more humor in the situation than anything, but after watching server #2 then stand next to our unopened bottle of wine at the back bar for another 2 minutes before realizing that the table in the corner by the door (us!) was probably waiting, she came over with a bumbling apology and proceeded to open the wine before realizing we did not have wine glasses.  Okay, i made my point.  From that point on it was fine. She was a little granola and shy, not the assertive server type we're used to around here. She also explained that she was vegetarian, so she was really unable to help us choose between lamb dishes; however she was sweet and explained to us with childlike excitement how cool it is to watch the chef roll out the samosa dough and make everything from scratch. (We didn't even see server #1 again until she popped up at the end of our meal to clear dishes.)

Ok, now for the food:

We ordered the Vegetable Samosas and the Aloo Papri Chaat. The samosas were large and were presented as a pair of dense and dramatic oversized tear drops. They were piping hot (which i love) and the flavor of the whipped potatoes and spices was delicate and delicious. I would definitely order again and can't wait to enjoy with a glass of heavier red in the winter time. 

The Aloo Papri Chaat was a "salad" of chick peas, chutney, yogurt and "crispies" which tasted similar to fried chinese wontons. It had nice flavor but was a room temp dish and lacked the wow factor. In hindsight, I wish we ordered the Shrimp Till Tikka. 

For our main courses, we chose to share the Chicken Vindaloo and the Lamb Korma and a side of Naan. Both were served with long-grained rice and a tri-pod of sauces and pickled onions. The vindaloo had nice flavor and heat, a tangy tomato base. The chicken pieces were a little overcooked so it was hit or miss with the morsels, but overall it was enjoyable. 

The Lamb Korma was off the hook! Lamb simmered in exotic spices and a mild cream sauce -- can you say, pass the Naan to soak up every last drop? We enjoyed the flavor so much, we actually started discussing an idea for a restaurant opening. Talk about inspiration! 

Bottom line, it's a great place to go if you live in Manayunk and you are  tired of the same types of cuisine and same flavors you experience in 9 out of the 10 restaurants here. Go here with someone you are not trying to impress. Go with someone you like a lot because the ambiance is lack luster and company/food (and your wine selection) are everything. Go with someone who enjoys Indian and/or trying new dishes. 

And as many Yelpers have already said, get that side of Naan. You're going to need it.
The food here is actually decent.  My 2 star rating is on the quality of their delivery service.  

They don't like to answer the phone.  This happens to us all the time.  I don't know why we keep trying.  I finally got someone to answer the phone tonight and the guy tells me yeah sure, they're open until 9pm and that I could call back and place an order.

I figured out what we wanted food-wise and called back in- literally 6 minutes later. No one answers the phone.  I left 2 voicemails.  One asking for an explanation, and a second one telling them that I was going to sign on to yelp and let you guys know what a lazy bag of dicks these guys are.  

I vaguely recall having a similar experience with bad service one night when we dined-in.  

It's like these guys are under strict doctor's orders to not make any money.

Insider tip: call the East Falls location.  The people there answer the phone and deliver quickly- apparently making money doesn't pose an immediate medical risk for the East Falls crew.
We were looking for a low-key place to grab dinner on New Year's Eve, and our constant cravings for Indian food plus Laxmi's BYOB status made it an easy pick.  When we got there around 8pm, there were a few other tables of folks, but they quickly cleared out and we had the entire restaurant for our group. 

As others have already mentioned, the service is weird.  There appeared to be only one waitress, and she hovered around us, pressuring us to order just minutes after we arrived. Luckily, the food made up for it. We started with samosas and fish pakora, which were both delicious. 3/4 of the table ordered tikka masala, which is full of flavor.  I believe my "mild" came out as "medium" and left a bit of a bigger burn than desired, but it was still tasty.  Overall, the atmosphere might be strange, but the food is definitely worth it - we'll be back.
I ordered takeout for a Friday night dinner a few weeks ago and was very impressed! The prices were very reasonable and comparable to Indian restaurants in the city & the reviews were good so figured it was worth a shot. 

I highly recommend the vegetable samosas - it was a nice size with very delicious filling! We also ordered the lamb korma, chicken biryani, & garlic naan which was all very delicious. The biryani and korma was a good portion and we ended up having leftovers for lunch. 

Sometimes it's hard finding a good restaurants with reasonable pricing in Manuyunk but I'm so glad I came across this find! Ordering over the phone for pickup during COVID-19 was very seamless. I paid over the phone and when my husband arrived to pick the order up, it was already packed and sat on the table to be picked up. 

Highly recommend! Looking forward to be able to dine out post pandemic.
Laximi's Indian food was good but I wasnt floored by the food or the flavoring. We ordered the spicy versions of the dishes we chose, but it wasnt that spicy at all. While the wait time for pick up was minimal, the prices were a bit high for the food. The entrees came with too much and too little of the main dish. If it had been the other way around, it would have been much better. All in all, I wasnt super impressed.
I had the Samosas for appetizers and they were the best I've had in the states.  They must add some special spices because they were really tangy and bright.  I also had the Lamb Korma and the Tandori Chicken.  Amazing!  And the bill for 2 with 1 shared app was only $50.  Great Indian food at a great price in a great location.   What more can I say except that you should go there. 

Oh, service was very attentive and always asking for feedback on how to make it better.  

Enjoy!
Indian food is my favorite, and while this may not be the best Indian I've ever had, it's pretty consistent.  

The garlic naan is amazing, it is a must.  Lots of vegetarian options (not surprising obviously) and everything I've ever eaten there is good.  You can adjust the dishes to your spice preference and the staff is friendly.  Best of all, it's affordable. 

Most of the restaurants in Manayunk are either way too yuppie/pompous or a complete douche fest; Laximi is a refreshing surprise.
Service sucks, get takeout; the food is delicious. 

Food is five stars. One star is taken for slow and inattentive  and slightly rude staff.

My waitress was impatient and didn't want to explain what came on the appetizer we wanted to order.Sorry for trying something new! I can't read Indian... I'm sure it's part of your job to explain it. 

Last time, the waiter explained dishes but was just a bit slow and inattentive. 

I've been getting take out ever since
I can't say anything about the atmosphere other than the restaurant is small - I ordered takeout. Online ordering is easy and there was a 10% discount for an order over $35.

We tried the lamb vindaloo and salmon tikka masala - the latter was a refreshing change and oh so tender and succulent. Everything else to me was fairly standard - we had the bread basket sampler and vegetarian app sampler, mango lassis, and gulab jamun for dessert. I was glad I ordered an extra serving of rice, as the containers are fairly small and one is definitely not enough for two entrees.

Overall pretty pricey for takeout, but satisfying fare. The owner seems like a nice guy. Worth returning to again.
The current rating of 3.5 stars is about right.  I visited a number of times already, sometimes I feel the food is more fusion and less authentic than I would like but the last visit it was very good.  No complaints about the service as many other people, I felt they took good care of us as expected.
My friend and I just went for dinner and everything was perfect. Food was extremely tasty --we got the Shrimp Till-Tikka and scallop (can't remember the name, but it had a Tikka Masala sauce) apps and Chicken Tikka Masala as the main course. Prices were normal for dinner ($13 to $18), but they also have lunch specials that range from $6.95 to $10.95.

The waiter--who was also the owner--was friendly and helpful. He gave recommendations and even explained one of the spices in Tikka Masala when he overheard us discuss making it at home.

It's BYOB. And they deliver. Would definitely recommend. 

Note: They are closed between lunch and dinner (3 to 5 pm).

You can find a sampling of the menu here:
http://www.grubhub.com/philly/laxmis-indian-grille/

And a delivery coupon here (free dessert with $25 order using grubhub):
http://www.couponmap.com/Pennsylvania/Philadelphia/19127/Restaurants/Laxmis-Indian-Grille/gh-4d380ceb3efd28bc13ad2a17ba2bc4cd/
I have ordered takeout from here a few times, and have always been happy with it. It's a bit steep price-wise, but the quality is worth it. I'm an especially big fan of their naan selection.
I think this is probably my all-time favorite Indian restaurant. I have always liked Indian food but I used to be really indiscriminant about it. I distinctly remember that the first time that an Indian friend of mine referenced the difference between bad and good Indian restaurants, I wondered when, if ever, I would be able to tell the difference.Well, now, thanks to about three years of eating at Laxmi's at least once a month, I can officially say that many other Indian restaurants in the area are completely ruined for me. If I weren't so in love with this place, I'd probably be mad about it. 

My go-to's are the Vegetable Samosas (so crispy! The inside is dense and incredibly flavorful - they have an unusual tanginess that I cannot get enough of - no greasy, bland potato taste here! Chutneys that come on the side are great too) and the Shahi Paneer* but I've found all of their curries to be above-par, other favorites are the Tikka Masala and the Korma. But, honestly, all of their paneer dishes are pretty amazing - I accidentally ordered the Paneer Masala (instead of Tikka Masala) the last time I was in and even though I missed the creaminess of my preferred version, I still thought the dish was great.

I usually get take-out here but, lucky for me, my boyfriend is also a big fan of Laxmi's (he loves the Lamb Korma for all you meat-eaters out there who were thinking my review was useless so far!) and this is also one of our favorite date spots. It's a BYO and the atmosphere is intimate, relaxed, and romantic. And they definitely make more an effort with the decor than a lot of ethnic BYOs seem to.
 
I really have nothing bad to say about this place - it has my full endorsement and recommendation. If you've eaten at Laxmi's and you strongly feel that there is an Indian restaurant in Philadelphia that is notably better, please message me and tell me because I need to know about it! (Not kidding, message me, I want to know!)

*just a note about the Shahi Paneer - they recently took this off their menu :( :( ...I have yet to see if they still can/will make it upon request.
I love everything about Laxmis. Having been to quite a few Indian restaurants around the Philadelphia area, Laxmis managed to beat them all. Our waitress was awesome, as was the food. Absolutely delicious. It's cute and charming inside with a very relaxed, comfortable vibe. I find myself coming here more often than my bank account likes.
My wrap up of Laxmi's

1.alright Chana Masala 

2. good service

3. free nibbles while you wait

4. GREAT garlic naan

5. AMAZING samosas

the service I had was swift and attentive. When my water ran out it was immediately filled up without so much as me having to look in my servers direction.  I was not SUPER excited about the chana masala.. however it may be due to the fact that I had to add a ton of spicy sauce ( MYSELF) and salt.. but the level of spice I shouldn't blame them for. I ordered it mild because I shared it with my 5 year old . but the total lack of salt was unfortunate; despite that the flavors were great. 

I'd definitely come back, I was told they would be starting up a lunch time buffet next week so that way I can try out a few other options. I feel thngs were a bit overpriced, but it's Manayunk, you won't get any west philly indian food prices here.
I'm a bit surprised this is one of the highest-rated Indian places on the Mainline-ish area.

Atmosphere:  OK.  Not your typical Indian decor for such a restaurant.  It felt a bit like any old cloth tables restaurant that makes you feel like you're in a newly-built house in the suburbs.

Food:  Pretty good, a 3 out of 5.  Tandoori Paneer isn't typically exploding with dynamic flavor anyway, but it was good for spiced paneer with quietly sauteed veggies.  The Navratan Korma, on the other hand, was full of flavor, with nice spices and a creamy base.  But oh by the way, its 'nine vegetables' are from a pack of frozen mixed veggies.  You can't mistake those small squares of carrots, mixed in with peas and corn, for anything else.  It was tasty, but not worth $11.95.

Service:  The service was good.  Nice people and attentive, although since this was on a very quiet Sunday evening I can't offer a qualified rating of that aspect.

Bottom line:  The food is tasty enough, but neither fresh nor distinct, and it's overpriced for what you get.
Vegi samosa was amazing. I got lamb korma that was recommended by waiter- it was phenomenal. Staff was friendly. Will definitely be back
Great food. Enough said. Don't get the spicy unless you absolutely can handle it.
Tried this restaurant this week. It was just ok. The service was good, but we were expecting more food-wise. I have been going to Tiffin and Ekta for the longest time and love both those places. Decided to try Laxmi's and while is not the worst indian food I have had, I like the other places better. 

We ordered garlic Naan which in my opinion was the best part of the meal. We also had chicken Tikka Masala, which was just ok, and chicken Vindaloo, also just ok. Both sauces were kind of watery... Nothing special. 

I will probably visit again if friends insist of going there (closer to home), but definitely not by myself.
This indian food is delicious. I have had the chicken tiki marsala, the vindaloo, and a few others and they were all so good. The naan is delicious as well. Be prepared because when they say spicy, they mean spicy. The only thing i would say is that they aren't as vigilant when it comes to refilling water.  The kabuli cashew naan is amazing. This meal usually makes me sleepy so if you want to do something active after eating here you'll probably need a nap first.
Deeeelish! Bought a Groupon Now for this place. The restaurant is small but you're hit by a wonderful aroma of spices as soon as you walk in the door. Very friendly, attentive service. Their chutneys (coriander, onion, tamarind) are sooo good! We had the samosas, chicken vindaloo, tandoori chicken & garlic naan. Everything was very yummy. Can't wait to dig into my leftovers. Checked in on Yelp and got a free bowl of mango ice cream which was very refreshing. I will def be going back.
So there are perhaps two different standards by which this place should be reviewed in my opinion.
 Foremost, as an authentic indian restaurant; Laxmi's attempts, but is not quite as successful as one would hope, in providing an authentic meal to patrons of such. Ultimately, this restaurant serves a more mainstream Indian menu that caters best to it locale; young, American, college-going crowds. A crowd that may not know the difference and may feel differently ( more satisfied ) than a more novice consumer of indian fares ( such as the reviewer ). So if you are the former, you may like it. If you are the later, you certainly will not ( I think ). There are certainly better options within a ten mile radius, definitely worth exploring. 
Secondly, for the less than novice and casual Indian diner there are positives; the location in Manayunk is attractive, the service reliable, and friendly, the highlights are the meats (chicken, lamb is ok), low lights are some of the vegetarian offerings especially the paneer. The drinks are good, especially the lassi, and the vegetarian sampler as an appetizer is worth exploring.
 Overall, as I mentioned previously not a bad restaurant, very mediocre, but really not worthy of exploration if you are a foodie.
We love this place!!

Authentic Indian food, and it is delicious! Their menu is super accommodating for any dietary restrictions.

The portions are huge, and the prices are extremely affordable. 

One thing we really liked about our dining experience here was the variety flavor of naan. 

Perfect for takeout or dining in!
Awesome tandoori chicken! I love the fact that there is online ordering through Yelp with this place. They also allow comment sections in the app when ordering, so I can make sure I note that I want the tandoori chicken for example to be extra spicy. Comes with onions and bell peppers, and is enough for more than one person. The chicken tikka masala is delicious too. All main entrees are served with basmati rice, and it's delicious. 
The restaurant is located right across from a parking lot, which is a lot more convenient than street parking. 
I haven't eaten inside yet, I usually get it delivered or picked up, but it is extremely cozy when I've walked in and the hostess is really nice. 
Not too much seating area but I haven't seen it super crowded yet. 
The only tricky thing about this place are the hours, I remember looking it up once and getting a notification that I wasnt allowed to order until a certain time (even though it was an afternoon on Sunday). Garlic naan is delicious too!
Some of the best Indian food I have ever had. The owner is always on the floor talking to customers and the wait staff is attentive. The food is why I went once a week not even joking. Everything and anything from here is a win. The only complaint I have or maybe its a positive its BYOB or BYOW.
Delicious food, excellent service, reasonable prices!  We dined in and the atmosphere was nice and BYO. We absentmindedly forgot a bag and the server ran out to find us! Definitely recommend
Love this restaurant. The staff is super nice and the food is always fresh and delicious. Highly recommend the chutneys, soup, vindaloo, and kabab platters!
I love Indian food especially veggie samosas so I went for lunch and I must say it was good I would give them a higher rating but it was only me and two other people in the restaurant and one out of three had to return their food because it wasnt hot which is not a good sign The curry that was served with the samosas was also missing flavor
I mean this is as standard as an Indian place gets.  Just like every other Indian place here and in the burbs an entree will run you between 15-18 dollars depending on the accompanying meat.  Of course they have varying degrees of spice levels you can order with your entree.  Nothing out of the ordinary for my take out venture here.  Of course byo inside.
This is a cute little byob Indian restaurant on Main Street.  We sat at the cubical table near the window because I thought the chairs were unique, although they weren't the most comfortable chairs.  I ordered chicken tikka masala, tasted pretty good.  The food here is not too bad, nothing amazing about it tho. The service is good, waitress was tentative.
Where was Shaheen (now Laxmi) when I needed it? Oh well. It's here now. And it's delicious. The service was outstanding, the food and leftovers were on the level, and the people-watching with the tables outside was distracting. This is totally as good as Tiffin (the Germantown location, at least) but they're more excited to have you come in here.

Again, I wish this place existed when I worked in the area, but those of you who can enjoy it should do so.
AMAZING FOOD!!!!  Try channa bhatura ( chick pea curry with puffed bread) very good. Also, try kheer (rice pudding) finger licking good. They also have other Indian delicacies which are as good as it can get.
The food here is good enough to be a staple in our regular rotation of take-out places. The prices are on the high side, but hey, they are the only Indian restaurant in Manayunk/Roxborough so they have the market cornered. However, if you phone-in your order, you can use a 15% off coupon that is printed on their menu.
I went on a date with my bf here. I have nothing bad to say about it. It was absolutely delicious.The atmosphere was good. The samosas are insanely good. The service was friendly and I would definitely go back.
Great Indian food experience   
We tried a variety of dishes with our party of four. We will all very pleased with the food (awesome garlic naan and tasty Khorma and Saag) and the service. Affordable prices. Too. Wish I'd known... Take note... BYOB- so grab a bottle and take it with. Plus the $10 parking lot across the street is free with a ticket from the restaurant, so you get your money back- v cool surprise!
I had a groupon for this restaurant. It was obvious that, prices have been inflated to adjust the value of deep discounts offered. We got Samosas for appetizer, which was decent. 

My friend got aloo gobi, which was really good. And I got Navratan Korma. One thing about most of the Indian restaurants is, they tend to use very cheap ingredients and vegetables for entrees, especially for Navratan Korma. They use cheap grade frozen mixed vegetables, which comprise corn, green beans, lima beans and etc. Laxmi's is not an exception.

Corn although an important part of Indian food, they never end up in entrees. It actually never blends in with any Indian entree, unless they served on their own. One more thing is, lack of south Indian foods - which actually most of the Indian restaurants carry on their menu. 

Ambiance is good and it is located in the heart of Manayunk. But, I am not sure, whether I will go again.
I loved this place, I went with 3 of my girls and we all love Indian food, it was a small restaurant,  they had really good food, I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and garlic naan, I can say it was the best I have had, p.s. we got great service, we sat there for like 3 hrs with wine and food. Definately going back again!!
For years I refused to try Indian food. Now I've had it and I'm hooked! This place takes the crown of all the places I've ever tried. Lamb Saag was good, but their Tandoori Chicken is the absolute best I've ever had. My wifes chicken tikka masala was pretty good too. Part of what sets this place above the rest is not only their food but their customer service. Wait staff is very friendly and they really understand you when you try to give them your spice level preferences. Customer for life, good thing I live right around the corner.
Since my last review, things have really turned around at Laxmi's. We probably eat there once a month. Best Indian food you can get in the area. I highly recommend it.
So disappointed. Tried to come here today with my fiancé who has never had Indian food before. I'm 8 months pregnant and craving this delicious food. I walked in and was asked to wait. In waiting I hear the waitress tell the only other patron that there's no rice and if he wants some he will have to wait awhile. She then turns and asked me if I wanted a table. I said yes please. She said well we close soon so we can't do that only take out. I could understand if I came 10 or 15 minutes to closing. But it was almost 2:30 and they don't close until 3. So instead I opted to take my business elsewhere. I actually really love this place but today I was a bit let down.
This restaurant wasn't very good, although I did get delivery, I'm not sure how it would be in the actual restaurant. The Naan was soggy, the basmati rice didn't look or taste right, and the dish I got was mushy and not as flavorful as I was used to.
Fail.  I ordered spicy chicken makhani and it was sweet.  The samosas were not flavorful and tasted old.  Just threw out the menus for this and the East Falls location.
this is the worst indian restaurant ever...I have not had such bad indian food in my life. If you want to try indian food, do not go to this place. we ordered take out, it was nice that we got a discount online but i would not even pay a penny for the disgusting taste. if you want really good indian food, try tiffine or better yet ekta. this place is a disgrace to indian food. we had lamb rogan josh, i can cook better than this, the chicken tikka was sweet when we wanted to be medium, dal makhani tasted watered down.
This was my first time ordering from this restaurant, I ordered the curry chicken, keema naan, gulab jamun and mango lassi. Everything was excellent the curry was flavorful even though I got the mild sauce, the naan was amazing and the mango lassi completed everything
The brother duo who own this place are so nice and helpful, they even let me try a few things I was uncertain about, like sauces. I just recently started eating Indian food. Everything was delicious and fresh! Thanks for opening in manayunk....
PS its Byob.
First off I would like to say the food here is delicious. I had the vegetarian samosas, seafood tandoori, and garlic naan. We went on a Friday night around 7pm. Service was a tad bit slow because apparently there were only 2 servers. That's the only reason why I took away a star. The food itself is 5 stars. Will definitely come again.
Overpriced considering the amount and quality of food you get for that price.  Portrays itself a 'high-end' authentic Indian restaurant, which i don't feel it is, being a foodie and an Indian myself.  Lacks flavor in most items served.  Not thrilled with Laxmi's.

We ordered a vegetarian platter as one of the starters, among others, because there were six of us there, so we figured we'd be able to try the different items on the plate.  The plate arrived with one samosa cut into two, one aloo tikki cut into two and two pakoras, for $9, totally not worth it!  We ordered chicken malabar ($8), a tiny breast of flattened chicken, battered with coconut and deep fried, enough for one person.

For main course: mixed non-veg tandoori grille ($23), which looked and sizzled like it would be the best tasting dish on earth, but after tasting it, it was quite bland, enough to the point that my husband had to send it back to have some moreflavor added.  They brought it back with some tikka masala sauce thrown over it, which now made it a curry instead of the tandoori grilled dish!  I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, which i must say was tasty, but, in the entire karai (serving bowl), there were barely 5-6 tiny little pieces of chicken and the rest of it was the curry which was gravy.  At $14, again this item is not worth it.  We also ordered Lamb Rogan Josh ($17) which was ok, Daal Makhani and Mutter Paneer ($12 which is high for small portions of veg dishes) tasted good.  We also ordered a side of Raita.  It came in a little saucer like container, which again was only enough for one person ($3).

Since this place is BYO, we brought our own wine, which they did not help serve.  But they charged a $5 corkage fee for opening and pouring it ourselves!

Although the servers are polite, service is ok. They constantly forget to bring things and mistakes. Complimentary chutney & papadam these days is not a big deal.  Most indian restaurants do that obligingly.  We got one plate of a couple pieces of papadum, but since there were six of us, it was not enough for all of us, so we asked for more. We never got it.

We used our Restaurant.com $25 voucher, but I think i would rather take me and my foodie guests somewhere else worth our while, our dollars and our palates.
I really love their chicken or vegetable biryani rice dishes. The portions are huge. One is more than enough to split between two people, maybe even three. Their garlic naan is delicious. I love the yogurt-like sauce that comes with the meal. I always order extra because you can never have enough in my opinion. I always order online directly through their website, and I never have any issues. They deliver very quickly, usually within 30 minutes. Their staff is friendly and helpful with giving suggestions on what to order. I recommend trying this place out if you want something different !
Great atmosphere, quiet and comfortable even on a busy Saturday night. Everyone in the place stayed for a while enjoying BYOB and no one seemed rushed like you might be in a more crowded place like Chabaa.

The food was excellent all around. Favorites were the lamb tika masala and garlic naan. Really glad we chose to eat here on a whim.
This place is amazing. The butter chicken is to die for. The pakoras are also nice and crunchy. everything on the menu I had was downright amazing even the bacon nann. Godbless this is my new go to for Indian food. If you want authentic Indian food look no further.
Had delivery. Ordered the Korma and the Tikka Masala with garlic naan. 

Both entrees were really great. The heat developed nicely without overpowering the flavor. I just loved the Korma. It was creamy, spicy, flavorful, and very filling. Both entrees allowed for leftovers which is always a plus.

The naan wasn't great by the time it got to us but I'm sure it would be great at the restaurant.

Delivery took a while for a weekday night.
3 stars because our server was very friendly and patient. I had the curry lamb and my girlfriend had a shrimp biryani. That may not be the correct name but it was rice with shrimp. Overall, great presentation, colorful, well plated food, taste wise, meh. I like my Indian food with a lot of Indian in it. Another way of saying the curry needed more curry and spices. However, I understand that they have to cater to the environment in which they serve. I don't think it was bad just not what I'm use to with Indian cuisine. The masala tea was great, my girlfriend enjoyed her mango lassi and we took all the side condiments because they were good and the server encouraged us to take it if we liked it.
EXCELLENT dining experience. Loved the food, naan and service. Classical Indian music was great. Small, intimate, beautiful dining space. So glad good Indian food has returned to Main St.!
My bf and I don't eat Indian frequently but definitely have cravings here and there. We looked for a nearby place that would deliver because it was a weeknight and being completely honest we were just super lazy.

So I have no knowledge of what this place looks like on the inside but here's to the important part: 
THE FOOD
Chicken Tikka Masala- 4/5 not as flavorful as i'd like but still very good
Lamb Korma?- 5/5 creamy, flavorful, delicious
Naan- 5/5 can you even mess this up? it was great
Aloo Gobi- 4/5 flavor was good but seemed a little undercooked, veggies were a little on the crunchier side. 

Portions overall were small for the price tag which is sad because leftovers are the bomb but we'd definitely order again or sit down sometime!
Oh no no honey, what is you doin?

The first time I visited Laxmi's shortly after they opened the food was amazing despite the long wait for the food. 
This time around I ordered the tikka masala with both paneer and vegetables and while I was told there would be cauliflower I just got a bunch of potatoes. Potatoes in tikka masala? Ok. The spice was there, but the flavor was not. There was no rich aroma. Just bland spicy food. Even the paneer had no flavor.
The service was again impeccably slow for being the only table in the restaurant.
Not good anymore. Won't return.
Newly renovated. Cute place in the middle of main st. The inside decor was simple with cool accents of blue. Me and a friend arrived at the end of lunch but was seated promptly by the waitress. Quickly took our order off the lunch special menu.
I had the chicken saag and my cousin had the chicken tikka masla. Both lunches came with a garbanzo bean mix. My plate was seasoned with the right spices and the spinach mixture melted in your mouth. Great price at $8. Also loved the spicy mint chutney included in the spice rack that also comes with roasted red peppers and the sweet tamarind sauce.
I am a lover of Indian food and this place gives me good special with curries that  I can eat for a reasonable price. One thing, though, the curries are very spicy and I am a person who usually like spicy stuff more than the average person.  However, this stuff is so spicy, I find myself eating mild. I can't keep up with even the medium stuff.
In addition to the curry and naan, they often given you plenty of free appetizers and spices.

The atmosphere is small, cozy and very cute. The servers are very friendly and attentive to your needs.  Can't comment how it is for dinner, but its a cute little place for lunch.
Great food however service is absolutely terrible. As I was ordering takeout for my friends and I, the lady on the phone literally complained and said "omg really?" It was completely unprofessional and I almost cancelled my order but my friends and I were really hungry. If this place allows take out, they should not be surprised when a customer orders take out.

When the food finally came there no napkins or eating utensils were provided.

In the future I will be avoiding this place. I advice they improve their attitude towards customers.
Laxmi's was a mixed bag.  Shrimp tikka masala was fantastic.  Amazing sauce.  Boneless chicken tandori was pretty awful.  Dry and lacked flavor.  Garlic naan was good.  Prices were higher than they should have been.  So, I suppose it's a solid spot if you get the right things, but a real miss if you don't.
I've been driving by this place, wanting to check it out. On this rare Monday night out, I finally did. And It was so so so delicious! I've lived in India for a little while and I have had lots of Indian food. This one was one of the best I've had. We ordered Eggplant spread(not so Indian name but it comes w/ Nans and eggplant pureed made with Indian spices) and I got Chef's special Chicken dish... Just remembering how good the dish was making my mouth water. My friend got chicken tikka marsala and loved it! Friendly staff, amazing food and the special deal of 1 entree and 2nd entree 50% on mondays. On top of that, it's BYO! I think I found a new favorite place in Manayunk..
Indian food that is a cut above. Have been here several times and it has always been delicious. Love the sag paneer and most everything else. Decor is lovely and service was great.
2.5.  Unfortunately, we were disappointed in our much anticipated trip to Laxmi's.  We bought a $30 Groupon for $15 and used it on our visit.  We ordered the chicken malabar for an app which was very good.  The chutney was excellent.  For entrees, we shared chicken tikka masala and lamb korma.

We had a lengthy discussion with our server about spice.  We said we wanted a little bit of spice ("3-4" as the waiter noted on a scale from 1-10).  We were hoping this would have a mild-moderate amount of spice given how hot Indian dishes can be, but we figured erroring on the side of caution would be OK.  I'd rate the amount of spice we ended up getting as a 0 on a scale from 1-10 which was disappointing.

Ignoring the lack of spice, the chicken tikka masala was OK and the lamb korma lacked basically any flavor at all other than the mild flavor of the meat itself.  This was, of course, quite disappointing.  I'm by no means a great chef and my fiancee remarked on our way home that the chicken tikka masala dish I make is better.  The garlic naan we ordered was really the only flavorful offering which is really a shame in the realm of Indian cuisine.

The serving sizes seemed small because both entrees were served in ~12 oz bowls, but once you got everything on the plate, it wasn't too bad albeit a little light on the chunks of meat.  Service was very good.

All in all, I don't think we'll be back.  It would have been way too expensive without the Groupon and even with it, the food just wasn't flavorful enough.  I've only been to Indian lunch buffets before this experience and I'd opt for the buffets simply based on flavor.  It's a shame because a good Indian place in Manayunk would be great.
This was actually the first place that I tried Indian food and I've been back a few times since then.  The food is always delicious and the staff is pretty knowledgable about the menu so they always answer your questions.  Plus, it seems like the owner/ manager (I think) is always around and checks on each table as well as food runs sometimes to make sure everything is going smoothly.  I really like this place and would recommend it to anyone in mood for something different.
We got some kind of appetizer sampler, and every item tasted the same.

I ordered "Navratan Korma: Nine different vegetables cooked slowly in a creamy sauce, a pure delight to the taste buds."  You know those bags of frozen mixed vegetables you buy at the grocery store (the ones with corn, cubed carrots, peas, and string beans)?  My meal was basically that mixed with a flavorless cream sauce.  It was kind of like the filling of a "pot pie."  Very blah.

Even though it was an early dinner and the restaurant was not busy, my boyfriend and I were neglected.  The waitress seemed to know some people in the corner and spent a lot of time chatting with them.  Is it too much to ask to have my water glass refilled?

The thing is, my standards aren't really that high.  I've enjoyed every Indian restaurant I've ever been to except for this one.  It's a shame.  I'd love to have a decent Indian place on Main Street.
Quiet atmosphere on a busy Saturday night. We received the wrong order, & when she realized this the waitress offered to bring our correct order. We were almost finished our meal so we declined. Unfortunately, I can't tell you what we ate because it was the wrong order but it was very good! 

There was no discount given due to the mishap. When we questioned the waitress she said she had forgotten and gave us 15% off our order. I'm giving it 3 stars because the service was mediocre.
Their food is pretty good, so this place used to be higher on my list, but I just had a TERRIBLE experience and I have to consider another Indian takeout joint from now on. 

Ordered food for delivery through GrubHub, got 6-6:30 as a delivery estimate. 7:30 rolls around, I'm getting annoyed. 7:45, I call the store, the guy apologized and says my food should be there shortly. 8:30, I'm getting furious. No food. They had already confirmed my address. I call. No one picks up. 

I call GrubHub, they tell me to call the store.

I call the store again, and they aren't answering. Their hours stop at 9. 

I never received my food. I left a voicemail leaving my name, number and address, asking for an explanation, and more importantly, a REFUND. There has yet to be any of those things. I'm out $25, and GrubHub's solution was to give me money toward another order somewhere else. Laxmi's has LOST MY BUSINESS. 

Which bums me out, because their Tikka is terrific.
The food was good but the service was not when we walked in no one greeted us we had to walk to the back and look for a waiter then once seated we waited 15 min before anyone came over to put water or silverware out another couple came in 20 min after us and they were served and seated right away and given bread the waiter then looked over at us and noticed we were watching and came back with bread the entire night we were served last and waited long period of time for drinks and our appertizers and dinner and they mixed up our food orders twice not sure if this happened because it was valentine night or is it always like this the manager did come over and apologize for everything but over all i would'nt  run back to them if i had to choose also its very small and close only has 8 tables
Love their chicken tikka masala!! Had it for takeout. I got mild (not big on spice) and it was perfect. It had a little kick but nothing that was unbearable.
Great place to take someone on a date, especially if you both like being adventurous with food.  They keep the restaurant dark in the evening and light candles.  I enjoy spicy food and got medium spice for my Bangain Bharta dish. Paired with the onion nom and it's one of my favorite vegetarian meals. The service was quick and attentive, I could barely finish a glass of water because they constantly refilled it. They have great lunch specials, and they also participate in uber eats.
We recently moved to the area, and were searching for a great Indian place to replace our favorite restaurant back home. Well look no further, because this Indian grille is FANTASTIC. Everything was fresh, delicious, and flavorful. I got the chicken tikki masala at medium spice and it was very spicy, so beware as you order. Service was quick and friendly, while the location on Main Street is great. If you check in on yelp you can get a free tomato basil soup, so I highly recommend you give it a shot!
Pretty spicy and tasty but certainly not the best Indian food I've had. It'll satisfy a craving if you're in the area and have nothing else to go on (which is what happened to me). The biryani was very dry, but had a good kick of spice. The rice seemed somewhat soggy but maybe all this is because I ate the dish on takeout rather than eat in. The restaurant is fairly small and the cash register is all the way in the back. It's a weird layout and a meh eating experience. I'm giving three stars for now cause I've only tried one dish and don't want to be too harsh.
We waited really long for the Lunch and the Lunch platters are extremely small portions. Almost made me think that they ran out of food. Had ordered spicy but was served very mild. Others in the group had asked for lamb and they got it wrong and brought out chicken and that's after waiting for an hour.
We're neither Indian nor very experienced with Indian food; however, we really enjoyed tonight's meal at Laxmi. 

The restaurant is a little storefront on Main Street with eight tables for four. The decor is spare but cozy, and the unadorned front window lets in lots of light and allows for people watching.  The requisite sitar music plays softly in the background.

The service is friendly, polite and attentive. 

We started with the meat samosa, which was a lot like Lebanese kibbe with spice variation. These little pastries were delicious, albeit a tiny bit dry. The spicy seafood soup was 4-alarm spicy. I quickly broke out in a sweat, and my glasses even fogged up. The heat of the spice was so intense I couldn't taste any other ingredient in the soup, although the seafood part was identifiable as the processed variety. We'll definitely order the samosas, again, but not the soup. 

Our two entrees were lamb jalfrezi (medium) and chicken korma, ordered spicy before experiencing the soup. Both were outstanding, although the next jalfezi we have will be a different meat. The lamb was a bit tough and muttony. The spicy chicken korma was absolutely delicious, and the heat ratio was as expected, a definite kick without ruining the dish.

We will definitely be back to try other delicious-sounding dishes soon.
We had Chicken Tikka Masala and a mixed vegetable dish, regular nan and mulligatawny soup. We did take out and got 15% off. As everyone else has mentioned the service was pleasant and the food was flavorful. We will definitely go back. We also liked the rice and condiments. I have had cheaper Indian food and I would welcome that but this definitely "scratched an itch".   We will go back.
I unfortunately can't remember the food so well but I guess that would speak for how good it was as I only ate there two weeks ago. 

I do remember the mango lassis being phenomenal though. The naan too. Definitely the best lassi and naan that I have had in Philadelphia. 

The service was great. 
The atmosphere was very quiet and casual. 

I definitely would come back here and try it again as I love going in to Manayunk anyhow.
Unfortunately, I ordered paneer tikka masala and they gave me tandoori paneer. Normally I wouldn't complain, except it was so dry and so far off from what I ordered, and it's not like it came cheap. Will not order from here again.
I haven't had Indian food too often so I can't really speak to the authenticness of this place, but I loved it! I didn't think they were doing the Restaurant Week since it wasn't posted online, but was pleasantly surprised to see that they had a $20 menu! I got the mango lassi, dumplings, chicken jalfrezi, and naan. The boyfriend had everything the same except with paneer tikka masala. 

The chutneys on the table to start were delish! The mango lassi was very yummy and super filling in itself; I only had a few sips and decided to save the rest for "dessert." The dumplings were good, a tiny bit dry, but when paired with the chutneys, that fixed that problem real quick! My jalfrezi was very good, and the spice level perfect (I asked for medium), and the boyfriend's dish was on point as well. The naan, oh man I heart naan. It was cooked perfectly, fluffy yet crispy where it was supposed to be. I could've made an entire meal out of just dipping naan in my sauce. I didn't even eat half my entree and I was already stuffed and the boyfriend ate his entire meal, so I found the portions to be good. And now I have leftovers for lunch today!

The place is small, quiet, and intimate. Service wasn't anything amazing other than just a person to bring you your food. It's BYOB which I have become more fond of these days.

Glad to have this place as an option on Main St Manayunk!
I really like Laxmi... HOWEVER... be advised that their hours on Yelp are currently incorrect. I ordered takeout lunch yesterday via Yelp (because the hours on here said they opened at 11:30am) and, luckily, happened to walk by the store shortly after. They have a sign up that says they do not open until 4pm. I had to call Yelp and cancel my order.
I came here recently for the first time with a group of friends. We all ordered different items and enjoyed each of the dishes. The food I ordered was the cheese naan (naan filled with their homemade cheese), fish pakoras (where are deep fried fish flavored with great spices), Baingan Bharta (the Indian version of Baba Ganoush but with tomatoes, vegetables and awesome spices). The service was a little weird, but my friends and I will definitely be back.
I cannot recommend Laxmi's enough. I still think about the food I ate there cause it's been a few weeks since I went. We went on a whim one night cause I was craving Indian food. My usual to go spot in my area is Tiffin but I've been wanting to check out Laxmi's for a while now so we went. When we arrived there was no wait and no customer in the restaurant. It must be more-so a takeout spot. 

After we ordered our chicken tikka masala and special biryani with chicken, lamb and shrimp, the server brought out papdi which wasn't my fave. Shortly after our entree came out and the portions were very large. We love spice so we asked for them to be spicy. They can change the spice level per request. The entrees were SOOOO GOOD! I don't give out 5 stars often but Laxmi deserves it. Both the tikka masala and biryani tasted so authentic just like how my mother would make it at home. I was in heaven. 

My only negative comment will be that the incense they were burning in the restaurant was very strong and gave me a headache halfway through dinner.
I've eaten here in the past and I remember the food being pretty good.  It's been a while and I was craving Indian food so I ordered a chicken tikka masala for dinner.

I asked for "medium" spice level and omg it was so spicy.  Either my spice tolerance has drastically decreased or the food here is much spicier than before.

I could barely taste my food because my nose was running so much.

Anyway, if you're sensitive to spicy foods at all, I'd recommend ordering food here with a "mild" spice level.
I've ordered from here a few times now, and never had an issue until Sunday. Firstly, I called and placed an order for take-out, and the person taking the order sounded extremely disgruntled. I had to repeat what I was ordering several times, before the order could be placed. Secondly, when I got to the restaurant to pick-up my order, they had prepared ginger naan instead of garlic naan. Thankfully I noticed while still there, and had them make the garlic naan I originally ordered (spending an extra 20 minutes to do so) to swap out the ginger naan. Lastly, when I finally got home and opened up the overpriced lamb makhani I had been craving, it was indeed chicken. I'll be going to nearby Saffron in Bala from now on.
Laxmi's is one of my favorite Indian spots.  The Vindaloo Chicken is HOT HOT HOT! and thats the way UH HUH UH HUH I like it!  Don't forget the naan to soak up all that flavorful gravy!   I could eat their saffron rice plain.  Some of the best Samosas around!  My wife likes the butter curry, it's name eludes me at the moment.  I've only gotten take out from here but I know this place is a BYOB which is huge bonus points.  Most annoying part is parking but you knew that.
