I had been a loyal customer for years until a VERY recent sour experience. My husband called the store asking if there were any deals for large orders, as he was organizing a fundraiser.  The "manager" asked what the fundraiser was for, and my husband said it was to support Philly public school classrooms.  The manager proceeded to say the soda tax already helps the kids and "it is enough and they don't need any more." 

Mind you, my husband is not a teacher. It appeared the manager assumed he was one. 

My husband said, "I give you a lot of my business (manager acknowledged this) and I simply asked you if there were any deals, and you assumed I was a teacher.  So rather than tell me that you don't offer any deals, you complain about kids already receiving enough. I don't have kids, and I'm just trying to do something nice for kids that are not my own."  The manager said "Well I can't help you" and hung up.

ZERO STARS FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.

You could have had a huge order from us and our continued orders. NO MORE. I am taking my business elsewhere.
Management and customer service is a joke here. Although the pizza is passable, they are very rude and nasty when confronted with a mistake that is on THEIR part. No attempts to fix anything, just get belligerent and yell. 
We will never be ordering from them again.
This place is just perfect!   The owner (?) is always there and incredibly friendly.  They have an extensive menu and no matter when I call, they always say 10 to 15 minutes for pick up.  The food is exactly what I want when I am ordering this kind of food.  I just love the buffalo chicken stromboli, the white pizza, and I did like the cheesesteak!  And occasionally I do get a salad (along with one of the above heart-stoppers) and it is full of good veggies and actual romaine lettuce.  I really love this place.
Staying in for an Eagles game, my group decided to order delivery from Lazos Pizza and Grill. We thought it was going to take forever for our food to arrive since the game was already in play at the time we placed the order. We were pleasantly surprised when our food showed up in under an hour.

We ordered a large plain cheese pie, large meat lovers and two small cheesesteaks. 

My cheesesteak was the Green Peppers Steak with American cheese and onion. I was given the option of sweet pepper or green pepper, but I asked for hot pepper. The cheesesteak was good...other than the pepper stems in my sandwich. They almost seemed like little tiny fish bones. 

The pizza started off good. The sauce and cheese were great. The crust on the top of the pizza was its downfall. It was way too doughy and just lacked flavor. This wasn't a problem on the rest of the slice since the cheese and sauce made up for the crust's shortcomings. The meat pie had the same crust problem however the abundance of meat helped to cushion the blow. 

I'd probably give Lazos another try at some point, but I'm not rushing to do so.
Lazo Pizza is the best in Brewery town you order over the phone or through Yelp it's delivered fast and hot. The food is so good and the give you a lot for you money. Very friendly over the phone as well as in-person, I love this place so if you want to try great food for any occasion or function your having please try Lazo's first
Believe me you won't be disappointed.
Picked up a well done medium mushroom pie. The wait was a little long I thought for a pie I ordered and paid for online. But overall the pie was great, I've had other pies from Lazos that weren't as good and I think that's BC I didn't get them well done, I dislike a soggy middle in my pie. I give it three stars BC they are not consistent and I honestly think it matters who is working that night.
I received counter service. I ordered a plain slice of cheese pizza. One of the best slices I've had in Philly. Also, I ordered a chocolate chip cookie for dessert. The cookie could've been softer, but it was delicious.
OK let me first say I never review a place until at least two visits. Well I've been here 5 times before tonight. Tonight sealed it. This place sucks... Complete with a combative owner. Previously I've done pizza and its your typical Philly style, cheap pan pizza using old dough that tastes like stale little Caesars. Toppings out of a bag (I worked a pizzeria while in college, so I know what this stuff looks like) and when you ask for "well done" they ignore you. I swore off pizza from this place a while ago.

Tonight I ordered a steak stromboli (very, very well done) and mozz sticks (shuttup, I was very hungry ;-)) and an extra side of marinara sauce (I DID pay for it). The stromboli came cooked normal temp (not surprised) but what bothered me were both marinara sauces felt like they just came out of the fridge.... Which normally wouldn't bother me. But they put the sauce in with the mozz sticks which made them not even lukewarm. Okay. I called them back letting them know they were cold. They said, "no problem, we'll send another order out, just send back the cold order." I put the old order by the door and cut into my stromboli (that was supposed to be VERY well done). The cheese was hardly melted. Annoyed, I sucked it up. Mins later, my door was knocked, we exchanged orders and I sat down to eat. Same thing: cold sticks, because of refrigerated sauce. 

Here's what caused me to write this review: I called back and told them the problem. That I didn't want them to replace the order, but I let them know why the food was getting cold. I was told in an indignant voice, "well that's the way we make them." I winced and asked to speak to the manager. A harsh voice gets on the phone and I proceeded to explain to him the same thing. After being interrupted by a raised voice a couple times, I finished saying, "I'm just letting you know if you warm up your sauce (which every other place does), these orders won't get delivered cold." I was shouted at again, then I asked if this was how he talked to all his customers, to which he said "If u don't like it, don't call here anymore." So I won't.

But if you want the same food without the half assed preparation and with better, quicker service, there's at least 3 places that are better: Angelino's, Fairmont pizza and Uncle Nicks. Lazo's is the epitome of a rip off.
Great place to pick up a slice when you need a quick bite. The cheese pizza slices are pretty solid--large and reasonable. I'm not in love with the crust but everything else is good. The service is also friendly and helpful!
Ordered delivery from here last week using GrubHub. The delivery time was shorter than expected and didn't have a problem with my request for no onions or olives. I went with a small veggie pizza and it was really good. The crust is on the softer side but it works for them.. and there wasn't an inch of my pizza not covered in veggies. I'd definitely order from here again
When I first moved to Philadelphia from North Jersey (practically NY) I knew that it would come with certain sacrifices, good pizza being the main and most important one.

I've grown accustomed to mediocrity when it comes to cheese and sauce on dough and thought there was not much more than that until I tried Lazos. Not kidding, the pizza is so good, and so perfectly cooked I couldn't help but finish half a pie by myself. It's gotten to the point where sometimes I have to walk a different way home from work just because I know that if I pass it, I will buy a shit ton food, and I guess I just can't allow myself that kind of happiness on a daily basis.

If you're in Brewerytown and you need a pizza fix, this is the spot. Hell, if you're anywhere in Philly and need a pizza fix, go to Lazos.
There is something magical about their cheese and crust. 

I recommend getting a large pizza with extra cheese and bacon... Some nights it's all I dream of.
I found this spot through Grubhub and trusted the reviews... Although the service was quick, the pizza was pretty gross (totally soggy). 
Sorry Lazos, probably won't try you again.
A trusty neighborhood spot! 

We are new to the neighborhood and trying to support the local restaurants through COVID-19 times. We were able to place an order easily online and it was prepared promptly.

The pizza was good and we will definitely order again. It's very fairly priced. I loved the crust!

The cheesesteak egg rolls were very good, but are priced a little high for quantity you receive. We will likely order again as a treat but not a regular item.
I've ordered from Lazos using Eat24 several times, and recently my food has not been very good. Today, I ordered a turkey and cheese hoagie- I ordered it with lettuce, tomato, onions and oregano, and also asked to substitute provolone instead of American (which comes standard). The hoagie did not have oregano, as I could tell, but everything else was correct. It also arrived within 30 minutes.

Unfortunately, I ate half the hoagie and threw the rest out. The sandwich was clearly fresh, yet it had an odd mushy consistency. The turkey was overly smoky tasting, and had a very odd texture, as if it was filled with too much water. I did not feel right about eating the rest. 

My fiancé, mother and I also had a similar experience for my last order. We ordered two hoagies and a turkey burger, and the food was just not good. My burger was oddly mushy, and all our food was overly saturated in mayo.

I have had some good food from Lazos in the last, including the pizza slices. BBQ wings and salads. But unfortunately, I think my days ordering from Lazos have come to an end.
Omg. No...Just no. I ordered a cheesesteak pizza with fried onion chopped small. I received a burnt , hard large disc of mess. It was so hard and dry i was speechless. I took the loss and never ordered again.
It took just about 20 minutes for my delivery order of chicken fingers, an Italian hoagie, and a small pizza to arrive at my door the other night. Twenty minutes! All were piping hot and ranked among the best delivery items I've had thus far in Fairmount.

The cheese pizza was cut into small slices, which was perfect for me. It was gooey and slightly greasy but still crispy -- just how a pizza should be. My five-piece chicken tender box came with six instead. A nice surprise! I also requested honey mustard. The chicken was very good, and much what you'd expect from a pizza place. Finally, the Italian hoagie was huge and made as ordered (without tomatoes or onions, with mayo). The meats tasted fresh and the bread was good too.

All around, I had a positive first delivery experience with Lazos and will keep them in the future rotation.
I order here about twice a month. They have a great selection and the food is consistently . I've really ordered all over the menu but the only thing I steer clear of is the pizza. Maybe I'm spoiled being from the NYC area, but the crust is awful. I love the online ordering and their delivery is speedy!
I can't stand this place.  Called and was cursed out for no reason.  I guess we were ordering to much and the guy couldn't keep up so he started yelling at me. The pizza is to sweet anyway so screw them. Uncle nicks has better pizza and they're crust is way tastier.
I've lived in the neighborhood since I moved to Philly in May, 2014, and this has definitely been my go-to spot for pizza. Besides good pizza, wings, and other items, Lazo is a cool ass dude. And, there's always Stewart's pop.
I have order pizza from this place few times. Most of the time it turns out ok. Well today I order it again and this time I got a small piece of stone in my veggie pizza!
I used to live right around the block and I was a regular at lazos. I moved  out to manayunk, but try to still go at least once a week because the food is incredible. The oven rustic buffalo chicken sandwich is literally the best sandwich I have ever had, and their pizza is among the best in Philly. I can not recommend this place highly enough, and the family that owns and works here are extremely kind and courtesy.
Lazos has the best pizza in Philly. I think they are a little pricier than your average local pizza joint, but I still buy it. The honey barbecue wings are also pretty good. 

If I wasn't a Registered Dietitian, I would probably eat here once a week. I get a slice about once per month and the wings maybe once every 2-3 months. Both are a really good treat on a cook-free night.

The staff are also very nice. That's always a plus for me. I highly recommend Lazos.
I will NEVER order from here again.  I placed an order through GrubHub and had the RUDEST MOST DISRESPECTFUL DELIVERY DRIVER.  The instructions were for them to tell the doorman that he was coming up to my apartment, a fact I repeated when I received the call that he was here.  He told me "Too bad, I don't have a parking spot and I don't want to get a ticket it.  Come down and get the food".  After going down to get the food, he barely got out of the car and essentially THREW MY ORDER AT ME.  Never again and I would HIGHLY recommend others don't order from here either.
Ordered pizza and wings...great service, delivery was prompt and friendly, pizza was on par with frozen pizza, the wings were average....sorry, but when you need a real pie it's not here.
The new "go to" in fairmount. 

Great pizza when hot out the oven. 
Great sandwiches. 
Always quick pickup. 
Friendly staff
The guy in there who seems to be owner always with big hello and is generous with repeat business. 

Clean for eat in as well.
We just had the most awesome white Greek pizza ever! And the service is the frendliest :)
Always great pizza, whether pepperoni or Greek white, and of course, the service is normally great. The owner, Lazo, is exceptionally personable and greets us whenever we enter his establishment. Lazo's has become a clutch neighborhood food spot, for sure.
I LOVE Lazos.  I go there pretty frequently since they are half a block from my apartment.  And I loved everything I get there.

I like the cheesesteak.  But my absolute favorite is the oven rustic honey mustard chicken sandwiche.  With tomatoes, roasted red peppers and provolone cheese with perfectly cooked chicken, I fall in love everytime.  And their french fries are very crispy - just the way I like them.

The owners are also always pleasant.  Smiles all around.  Definitely give them a try!
Lazo's is the best pizza I have ever had, and this is not a title I give out lightly.  

My boyfriend and I are something of pizza connoisseurs, having sampled slices from basically every neighborhood from South, Central, North, and Northeast Philadelphia.  Whenever we get hungry, it just seems like the easiest option.  When Lu started building a studio facility in Brewerytown, naturally our first inclination was to find a pizza place and grab some slices after we were done working.  When a friend from the neighborhood suggested Lazo's, we knew we had to make the extra schlep just to try this bounty.  

Now, I've never been one to judge a place by it's decor, so let's just start off by saying this is no hipster joint with chalkboards all around and wood furnishing and all that bull.  It's an old-style linoleum-floored fake-granite-veneered greasy spoon.  So I wasn't expecting to be blown out the water when I sunk my teeth into the first bite.  Here's the run-down:

SLICES:  moderately sized.  Not extraordinarily big, but very satisfying.  The key here is that you can get toppings a la carte, which makes a perfect double-cooked slice of pizza where the cheese is chewy, the toppings are fresh, and the sauce is hot. 

SAUCE.  Oh my god.  The sauce is seriously the best I've ever had.  It's slightly sweet with a big savory undertone and seasoned perfectly.  I could seriously eat a bowl of this sauce.  I think I might next time I go there.

SERVICE:  These guys are so nice.  Once you go in once, they remember your face, name, and what you do for a living. Lazo is an amazing guy, and the people he hires are just as nice.

RECOMMENDATIONS:  Cheese slice, Greek slice, pizza fries.

They don't deliver very far, but it's the kind of place I will make the extra effort to get to just so that I can eat that magnificent pizza.  Good lord.  Go try it!
Can you give a rating of less than one star? 

The food is here terrible.  Not one item in particular - everything on the menu is soaked in grease.  Bread is soggy.  Fries are beyond stale.  Meat tastes like it was cooked yesterday and reheated.  

The wait is twice as long as it should be.  Does it really take an hour to prepare a pizza (not including delivery time).  Regardless of the day of the week or time of day, count on your food taking twice as long as they say it will be.

Some of the comments on Yelp say that the owner is a nice guy, particularly for regular customers.  I've never found him to be anything other than a stingy a**hole.  When confronted with either the duration of the prep time - again, it's never ready when they say it will be - or the quality of the food, I'm basically told to deal with it.

I'll take my business elsewhere.
Delivery was as expected, on time per the estimated time by GrubHub.

I ordered the fried chicken platter, which at $10.05 + tax or $13 with delivery, pre tip is not a bad deal, it comes with 4 pieces, garlic bread, 2 sides and  a side salad. 

The side salad is good, standard -- a bit of romaine lettuce, green pepper, tomato and with side of balsamic. Garlic bread is standard as well, hoagie bread sliced in half, spread with rubbed garlic and butter and toasted. I didn't really enjoy my sides though. The broccoli was a sad forest green color, overcooked and not seasoned at all. The mashed potatoes were okay, but they're the box flakes that you make at home.. I couldn't mistake that taste, I grew up on that when my parents were working and i was home alone.. 

The fried chicken is pretty good, it's fried well and juicy inside. This may be a personal taste, but I don't like their fried breading, it's got a bit of sweetness to it -- but I like my fried chicken salty, like Popeyes. Next time I'll stick to Popeyes, but never had pizza here ... so we'll see!
My wife and I are so lucky that our close neighborhood pizza spot is Lazo's. 

You're welcomed with a smile and a "Hello" and the food is always hot and ready fast. 

And the food is delicious. Not just the pizza, but anytime we pop in just for slices we know we will have delicious, loaded-with-toppings slices 

I've had a lot of the different menu items and feel you can't go wrong for the price with the fried chicken dinner. 

In Fairmount? Forget the rest and head to Lazo's.
awesome! only order from them. Great pizza and great service. No complaints about anything. Not only is the pizza good but so is everything else we have tried. Love it!
Your perfect neighborhood pizza shop. I eat here all the time. They have great salads, and the buffalo chicken pizza fantastic. So far everything I've tried has been great. The service is awesome and its very reasonably priced. This spot has had 3 or 4 different owners since I moved to the neighborhood 5 years ago and Lazo's has definitely been the best.
The food was fresh and delicious. The services was fast and the price was reasonable. I had the Greek veggie hoagie ( mmmmmmm!). It was almost too pretty to eat. A pleasing sight for the eye, succulent flavors for the pallet and filling for the appetite. We also had the burgers, boneless chicken wings, pizza and fries. Everyone praised the food and have ordered several times since.
I decided to try this place Thursday night. I ordered a wing platter and an order of mozzarella sticks. The wing platter came with a side salad (with a house dressing that was a balsamic vinaigrette), garlic bread, and 2 sides (i chose fries and onion rings). 

My food was delivered about 10 minutes past the estimated time, not that big of a deal. My food however was disappointing. The salad was was more than i was expecting to get, came with 2 slices of tomato, 2 slices of green peppers, and small pieces of onion. The container was over stuffed and so i was unable to put the salad dressing on top of the salad, i had to dip it in the dressing container. The mozzarella sticks were just bad. They were cold for starters, and other food was not cold. The cheese was hard on the inside and the breading was thick and way to peppery. I only ate 2 out of my order of 6. My wing platter was also disappointing. The wings themselves looked really promising, large full wings, fried crispy. There was little to no sauce on my wings and they didn't taste right. I only had one and it tasted like old fried chicken, it was very fatty and slimy. It made my stomach hurt. Since i didn't like the wings i ate all the fries and onion rings and can say that they are pretty good! 

Overall, i would not order to-go food from this place, or food at all. I was disappointed with almost my entire order and found myself angry at the end of the night that i spent money on the food i got.
Ordered a corned beef special that was not so special! There was too much sauce, not enough meat and no Swiss in the sandwich. They also don't include pickles on the side.
Very good veggie pizza. Best I've had in the area so far. It would be nice if the wings were accompanied by an actual sauce and not some sort of funny-smelling grease, though. Lucky for us that Spottie saved them.
On a lazy weekend night, the GF and I hopped on GrubHub and decided to roll the dice. We landed on Lazos Pizza & Grill and were not disappointed.

Special [$23.50 + $2.75 topping]
1 large pizza, 20 wings, 2 liter

As a special, Lazos Pizza & Grill offered a large pizza, 20 wings, and a 2 liter for $23.50. Even with the pepperoni surcharge, this wasn't half bad. I've provided the a la carte pricing as well though. 

Large Pepperoni [$13.15]
16'' pizza

The crispy, thinnish crust was reminiscent of a proper NY slice. The sweet, tangy marinara was well-seasoned and had some body to it. The salty pepperoni and cheese created the melange of flavors I was craving. 

Boneless Buffalo Wings [$12.45]
Blue cheese, celery

The 20-piece boneless wings were meaty and substantial, The blue cheese was creamy with whole chunks of blue cheese speckled within. We asked for half buffalo and half BBQ, thinking that they could accommodate the request like The Spot at Rittenhouse does. Lazos did accommodate it to some degree ... I'm pretty sure they combined the buffalo and BBQ sauces to coat the wings! This created a sweet, yet spicy concoction that wasn't too appealing to the GF, but was fine with me. Next time I'll be more specific I suppose. 

Large Buffalo Chicken Stromboli [$13.45]
Peppers, onions

In addition to the special, I had to check out the stromboli, wondering whether it was on par with Pandora's monster. This was huge like a torpedo and ate more like a fajita than a stromboli due to the eventual sogginess of the dough.

The innards could have used some more blue cheese and hot sauce to reinforce that buffalo flavor.  The upper crust on the ends were crispy however and there was certainly enough to last the week. 

Turkey Club [$7.75]
Bacon, lettuce, tomato, coleslaw

The GF wasn't in the mood for pizza, but was definitely down with a turkey club. This was a good triple decker sandwich with moist turkey and crispy bacon. The sweet and slightly tangy cole slaw was on point as well. But the real winner here? The crispy, crusty fries. If you haven't had the fries at Lazos, you should definitely check them out.

Mega Fries [$5.25]
Bacon, whiz, mozzarella

So regular readers know - if I see mega fries on the menu, it's likely going to be ordered. The crispy fries made a reappearance, along with thick-cut bacon and a blanket of mozzarella. A side of whiz was provided and was the icing on top for this pig.

Onion Rings [$2.95]

And if you're going to offer $3 onion rings, I'll likely grab an order of those as well. These were incredibly crunchy and clearly house-made. The onions themselves weren't substantial, but for $3, this wasn't a bad side in the least. 

Overall, Lazos has got you covered for your takeout needs and if you're craving an unpretentious, NYC-style slice. Top that off with quick service and a friendly delivery guy - what more could you ask for? This is easily one  of our favorite Fairmount pizza delivery joints when we're not in the mood for artisanal pies from Pizzeria Vetri downstairs.
Pizza is okay quality wise but the crust has a sweetness to it that I don't particularly enjoy. Toppings and sauce are fine but couldn't get over the sweet bready crust.
The owner here is so friendly and is always present in the store which is so nice to see. He does a lot for the community too. The pizza is tasty and we have also enojyed some other menu items here like chicken fingers and a tuna sub.
I live dangerously close this place, and I have to say it is one of my favorite place to order from.  If you are looking for a great pizza joint with good food and great service this is the place to go!  The meatball hoagies are TO DIE FOR... and the chicken fingers and jalapeño poppers are amazing.  Another thing I love to order from this place is their pepperoni pizza fries and their delicious Mediterranean white pizza (with delicious kalamata olives).  Besides the great food the people who own and run this place are just so helpful and kind, if you are going to support a local pizza place this is a great one to choose!
For the pizza places in the area I wouldn't recommend Lazos. Very mediocre pizza. Very greasy. Average fries, cheesesteaks, and mozzarella sticks. I used to live only a block away but would rather walk the couple extra blocks to Angelino's or Italian Express.
Amigo Dan and I came to the same conclusion differently.  Amigo Dan came right out and said the meat was dry.  I thought the meat was overwhelmed by all the other flavors.  In the meats defense, we got the special cheese steak. It had a lot of stuff on it including sauce and mozzarella cheese melted on top.  All of that stuff tasted really good but overwhelmed the meat and caused a roll blowout.  We did agree we liked eating it at Philadelphia Brewing company.  If you like all of the other stuff, this Cheesesteak is for you.  Good overall experience.
Ok so I'm writing this review bc I had a 30 hour shift yesterday and slept for a total of probably about one hour and I'm curious to see how funny I am in a state of complete exhaustion. So let's find out. Already it's not looking too good. 

Btw when you sleep for only one hour that one hour is literally better than sex. But enough about me. 

I have now ordered from this establishment three times. Once large cheese pizza bc I was at a friend's who had me and some other friends over and I was thinking I was ordering for a crowd but I ended up shoveling 2/3 of a large pizza down myself. 3/4 might be more accurate actually. 

Second time was bc I had an early shift the next day and didn't feel like cooking so I got medium cheese with olives. 

Third was last night during my call, I switched it up and got a SMALL (what the fuck was I thinking? I'm glad you asked) Greek. It had feta, tomatoes, olives, and oven roasted peppers. Btw what about roasting peppers in an oven makes them good? I'm just wondering. 

First time (large cheese at friend's, sorry to be switching shit up on u) my response was literally, and I was drunk and FYI I tend to me more obnoxious and direct in this state, "philly pizza is vile". I am from ny so standards are high. But you know what? Philly pizza, if you want to call it that, is distinct in its own way and it's growing on me like a scabies infestation on a hobo. 

Second time I was similarly disappointed but satisfied anyway. Eating a large volume of pizza is pretty filling if you ask me. I couldn't stop for some reason but I forced myself in order to have some lunch for the next day. As if turns out gift of life came to talk to us and brought PIZZA so I threw it out anyway. What a waste. As my dad always says, "don't be fuelish". 

Third time was last night. I almost always go for cheese but I had it for lunch bc they were OUT OF EGG SALAD AT THE SANDWICH BAR!!!! What the high heavens?!?! 

I ordered the Greek described above. Perhaps it was because I was already super tired or bc I hadn't eaten anything besides a drawer full of graham crackers since lunch (no but really, MICU actually has to order more shipments of those graham crackers now, I go through graham cracker supplies like a tornado through an oklahoma village), but it was DELICIOUS!!! Holy shit. I just had leftovers now and it was similarly as good. 

Additionally they don't charge a high delivery fee. What the fuck is it with all the delivery fees in this place?! NY almost never had delivery fees, that shit is blasphemous. I don't give a fuck how good your panang curry is, I'm not spending 4 fucking dollars in addition to tip to have it delivered. 

Also the order to transit time is super quick. Ain't nobody got time to wait. 

Even though tend to err on the side of trying new shit this place just always has the perfect combo of delivery time, price, and delivery fee so I'll probably just keep ordering from here.
Delicious pizzas! They were a bit extra loaded but everything was to order. Will definitely go back.
The food was below average. I wish the BBQ chicken pizza was crispier. The turkey club was okay, but lacked flavor, as did the fries. The delivery man was very nice though!
Food came in a decent time. Lady on the phone was friendly and patient. I ordered 2 small pizzas, one sausage, one chicken, and an order of cheesesteak rolls.

Both pizzas were good. The cheesesteak rolls were great and probably the best I had in a while however they were $6.25 just for 2 which is kinda steep in my opinion.
Everything comes to you hot. Either the driver is really fast or there's an oven in his car. Tip this guy well.
We were staying in Center City over the weekend and were quite tired from site seeing all day so we decided to order in for dinner.  Lazo's was one of the top rated in our area on Grub Hub so we decided to give them a shot.  

We went w/ a small pepperoni pizza (good decent pizza) and their chicken tender platter. Lets discuss more about this chicken tender platter... A TON of food comes w/ that chicken tender platter.  You can choose between 3 or 5 tenders (we opted for 5) and your choice of 2 sides (we went w/ fries & onion rings but there was 4 other options also) and 2 dipping sauces.    It also comes w/ a side salad.  All for $10...SAY WHAT??  yes seriously $10!  If you went w/ 3 tenders its only $8 but you still get the same # of sides and the salad. Wish I would have taken pictures but we were starving and just dug in!  

So dinner that night for all 4 of us came out to $25 w/ tip what a deal!!!  

Delivery was also very quick.  We ordered our food at 6:30 and it was delivered @ 7:29!
Among the many neighborhood pizza choices Lazo's food is right about average. Their pizza is ok, they make a solid cheesesteak, and their munchies aren't bad. Having ordered takeout and delivery several times they don't have any dishes that stood out as being out of this world. They do offer friendly service, are open late, and generally deliver faster than they say they will. Not a bad spot by any means, and you can do a lot worse when looking for a late night dinner.
Hands down .... I haven't experienced a slice of pepperoni pizza like this since I moved to Philly from NYC.  Taste is authentic and size allows for the perfect fold- our new spot!
Lazos does the job. If you're too busy to cook or if you're too intoxicated to cook Lazos will pull through for you. The pizza is thin tasty, and quick to make.
Quick-ish delivery on an order of cheesy fries and a dessert within the neighborhood. Based on my mega fries, feel like their pizzas could be alright, but have a limited experience. They also carry Dora's strawberry shortcake, which I what I always want when I eat too many cheesy fries.
 
One time, I went inside when I was lost and needed directions and the owner helped me out. Overall, good impressions of this neighborhood pizza joint!
