I met my sister for lunch at Le Bus on a day off. It was fairly quiet but we were there on the earlier side. I've been opting for meatless meals lately so I was limited to a handful of options like the salads, grilled cheese, and fritatta. 

I opted for the fritatta which was a great choice as it was filled with veggies and both ricotta and cheddar cheeses. The bread basket we had at our table was the perfect accompaniment. I actually was able to take some of my fritatta home as well. 

My sister had a Caesar salad which was super basic; it was just romaine with dressing and some grilled shrimp on top. I think she was expecting croutons but since she said she didn't want the French bread that came with perhaps they didn't put any on... but I bet Le Bus could do some great croutons. 

Our server was nice but not super attentive; luckily it was easy to flag him down when I needed a coffee refill. 

My sister goes to Le Bus for dinner once in a while and she said the menu is more expansive at night so I would be interested in checking that out sometime.
What happened? We was just good a minute ago..

I went for Sunday brunch (9/16/18) and it appears the staff was brunching too. Wasn't even sitting close to kitchen and she could hear a lot of playing around and even cursing.

At one point a server came out wearing one of  those blue gloves you clean your house with and delivered a customer his food; his companion looked as shocked as I felt. What handling was done with that single blue glove? I'm going to assume they just ran out out food safety gloves that day. 

Food took a while to come out, omelet was hot and delicious, potatoes were salty, and pancakes were a tad warm. About time I was able to wave down the waitress for syrup, they were cold and so was I about Lebus.
It's a winner! Caught brunch on a Saturday and I'm sold. Buttermilk pancakes, potatoes,  and omelette filled with spinach, cheese, onions, and peppers. 
If you enjoy fresh squeezed orange juice you would love it here. 

Tim was our waiter and he was attentive and kind.
I really enjoyed my time here and know I will be back on the regular.
Le Bus is a wonderful addition to the East Falls neighborhood!! I have been here twice since they opened and both times I have had a great experience. They have indoor and outdoor seating and have a large awning so you can still enjoy the outdoors while it is raining. The indoor space is clean, new and modern. They did a nice job renovating this place. The food here is all delicious.. ( I haven't had anything here that I didn't like). Oh, and the bread basket they bring to the table to start is obviously the best... I mean the bread here is their specialty! We ordered an assortment of things off the menu... green salad, wild mushroom bisque, lemon garlic stir-fry, duck tacos, steak frites and a brisket sandwich. They have a wide variety of choices, all have innovative twists and variations on traditional dishes. The wine and beer selection is good as well. I always have a pleasant time here. The only thing I am upset about is that they waited until I moved out of this neighborhood to open!
Second time at LeBus and second time with server Chris.  First off, the food was really good at both brunch and dinner.  The bread is tasty of course.

But I really want to get back to Chris.  He was the perfect server - the perfect amount of attentive, the right amount of chatty, gave good opinions on the food, and he didn't screw up our order.

So yeah, go to LeBus and hopefully you'll be in Chris' section.
When I first heard that Lebus would be coming to take the place of the iconic Mexican restaurant the occupied the space for many years - I didn't believe the rumor!  When Lebus opened up - I wanted to rush over, but decided I would give them a few weeks to work out the kinks so I could take it all in and enjoy everything that the new Lebus had to offer.  
Now that I have visited a few times, I decided to write my thoughts.  First of all, I was a fan of the old Lebus location.  The first visit, I sat at the bar and had some drinks (wine) and a few starter plates (spicy meatballs and hummus.  On my second visit, I had the shrimp polenta and my friend had a burger.  The food is great and the service is prompt and attentive.  

I love the renovation to the space - flowers - the wood choice - it makes it warm and inviting.  The crowd seems to be a nice mix of younger; older; neighborhood folks, some that traveled a little and old Lebus regulars.  

No doubt, I will be a regular at this location too.  Great addition to the corner of Ridge and Midvale Ave.
Came for dinner with my brother and mother to celebrate some recent life achievements across our small family group. We had an enjoyable experience all around. The place was incredibly busy, which was wonderful to see, as East Falls and Germantown need more great dining out spots like this. I ordered the Pan Seared Salmon, my brother ordered the "Germantown" burger, and my mother ordered the Seared Salmon Nicoise. We all enjoyed our meals. 

I did order a side of fries that left me underwhelmed with their lack of seasoning, but that's a small complaint. The salmon was substantial, had a wonderful char to it, and the broccoli and mushrooms that the salmon was paired with added a nice dimension. 

For dessert I had a butter croissant (they were out of pretty much all the other variations). It was phenomenal. The croissant was served warm, had a beautiful crust to it, and was buttery perfection. 

I highly recommend Lebus!
I just decided to wander down to check out the new Le Bus after hearing some good feedback from my neighbors. I was going to start at the bar for a drink and look at the menu, and then likely move to a table. 

I walked in and the hostess said "Can I help you?". I asked for "two at the bar please?". She mumbled something as she was looking down at the counter. I politely said "I'm sorry?" And she repeated louder "there are no spots at the bar." as she continued to look away from my face as if my presence didn't matter. 

And that was it...

So I left. 

Had she acknowledged my presence as a customer and said something along the lines of "I'm sorry, there are no open spots at the bar, would you consider a table?" I would've stayed. 

I've been a successful business owner since 2012, and I wouldn't tolerate anyone that worked for me to treat a customer this way. It's especislly damaging when it's your hostess-- the first person someone interacts with when they walk in the door. 

Recommendation to owner and management: Get rid of that hostess; you're going to lose more business.
We've given this place a solid chance twice. I'm not saying it's a bad spot to visit..im just saying some of the food is overly greasy. Each time I've gone I've left with acid reflux. We ordered turkeys burgers both time and we've had the cauliflower appetizer and wings before as well. I didn't think there was anything special about the food. Honestly, there are two things worth coming back for -- the delicious raisin bread served with butter and the live music over the weekends. Both times we considered purchasing a loaf of bread from them because we're sincerely addicted. The live music is such a nice touch as well. I loved the first band we saw there. I didn't catch their name but there was a middle aged black guy as the lead, a middle aged white the back up on guitar and a young white guy on the cello. I would certainly return for the music...maybe for drinks but certainly for the bread :)
A was more than pleasantly blown away by the quality and deliciousness of the transformed Lebus!

First,  the space is gorgeous and inviting.

The servers are equally so.

As a vegan,  there are many options!  I got the wild mushroom bisque (highly touted by a friend) with almond milk as the cream base.  It was amazing and beautifully done.

I also got the Mediterranean salad (feta left off) and was gorgeous and scrumptious.  Set on tender, fresh Bibb lettuce.   Was large enough that I brought half home for lunch.

My dining partner got the shrimp & veggie stir-fry and she raved about the perfection of how the shrimp and veggies were cooked (not overdone at all) and the sauce.

I will definitely return!!
My brunch experience at LeBus left me a bit disappointed.  Maybe I built them up in my head a bit much.  Maybe I caught them on a bad day.  While I'd like to give them another shot, I don't see making it a short term priority.

Service was a bit lacking for a half-empty restaurant on a Saturday afternoon (post-brunch rush).  They were friendly, just not very attentive.

The Bloody Mary seemed to lack something... probably a decent pour of vodka.  I don't look for a "heavy-hand" in my drink, but felt like it was all mix.

Food was just average.  My Death by Brunch didn't wow, but wasn't a complete mess.  However, the bread was pretty good.

I'll update if/when I check them out again...
This would be five stars based on the salmon alone. They could've treated me like total Sh!t. It wouldn't matter. The salmon was perfectly crispy on the outside and tender/juicy on the inside. It was sat on top of lettuce with potatoes, asparagus, tomatoes, avocado, onion and hard boiled egg. 
It was so good! I couldn't have asked for a better breakfast.  
On top of that the weather was perfect to sit outside today and drink an iced coffee. 

Also an improvement since COVID - the touch less paying is really perfect. Once you get the receipt you can scan it and pay when you are ready. If your in a rush you don't need to wait until you get your card back. If you aren't the wait staff doesn't have to keep checking on you. I personally love it. I think it makes it feel more relaxed. 

It's off because the one thing I've loved most about traveling Europe was the relaxing feel when you went out to eat. I feel like we are getting closer to having experience that we can enjoy and last a little longer.
This place deserves so much love, c'mon Yelp?! The quality and freshness of every item cannot be beat. The bread variety for starters was already off to a good start--some with nuts etc., fresh, warm. Seafood chowder was hearty and contained generous portions of salmon, clams, shrimp. The burger made me cry with every bite--FRESH BEEF, extremely soft to bite into, flavored well, beyond juicy. The bun was quality (major key) and accoutrements paired nicely--Mt. Airy, so cheesy and garlicky with roasted red peppers. Truly blown away. Highly recommend the horseradish slaw as a side--a perfect, creamy blend of shredded kale (not even into that) and other veggies. Very tasty! 

The interior here is ADORABLE. A Pinterest lovers dream. A secret garden of sorts. The staff was very friendly and they have live jazz during dinner time. Great local beer selection on tap. Excited to return here next time I'm in the area.
Really digging this place. Jen and I came on a Saturday and ordered enough food for a party of 6. Chicken wings- crispy and sauced well! Burger - cooked perfectly (medium rare) and fantastic! Mushroom soup- flavorful and tons of mushrooms! Cornbread - yummmm! Beat salad- one of the best things we ordered!
Hmmm... So I did takeout, but still, I feel like everything on the brunch menu is just one dollar too expensive.

Death by brunch seems small for $13, but reasonable at $12. The sausage, egg and cheese feels good at $8, but $9 seems a lot. Even as I review the other menus... Burgers for $13 or $14 seem alright, but $14 or $15 feels like a bit much in East Falls.

The food is tasty, and done right, but I am just not sure on the prices for the area. I will get back and try more, but the price sticks out in my mind...
MEDIOCRE at best. I went for Sunday brunch and ordered the Thai Turkey Salad based on Yelp's most popular dishes. It took the kitchen 30 minutes to prepare the food and there was more noodles than salad on my plate. The waiter apologized for the wait time and reassured us that our food will come out shortly. 

My family and I also ordered the Banana and Pecan Pancake to share and simply put, it tasted like cardboard. Not sure if we came at a bad time or if the brunch menu is subpar compared to their lunch or dinner menu, but I will no longer be coming here for Sunday brunch.
I was really excited when Lebus opened-- just what we needed in this corner of the Northwest.   It became my go to neighborhood place with lots of options, friendly service and great bar food
The last few times , I could not finish my meal.  Risotto was a pile of mush, even the salad was soggy and unappealing.  Please fix things and I'll come back!
Very disappointed overall despite some highlights. Went here two times to give them the benefit of the doubt. First time I ordered mussels that were pretty good, but later that night I became violently ill. Happens occasionally with mussels so I thought it might be a fluke. 

Went for brunch a second time, French toast was okay but a bit soggy with the amount of apple juice from the confiture. Coffee was alright. Cheese and onion scone was phenomenonal. Eggs Benedict had one egg that had the whites running, leading me to believe that food safety might not be a priority here between that and the mussels. 

The real nail in the coffin and the only reason I decided to make this review is that the suggested tips were WRONG, BEWARE. 6-10% higher than the actual value. I'm sure that the folks that come here don't mind paying a little extra, and I get that service industry workers deserve better pay (been in customer service myself), but honestly if you're going to pull that, you have learned nothing from the cheesecake factory class action lawsuit.
Although the food is great, our experience with the management today was intimidating and insulting. 
We placed a takeout order. We were told by the very nice hostess that we were welcome to have a seat and wait for our order. However, once we sat down, the manager came over and in a very dismissive manner, told us we would have to wait outside. It wasn't the fact that we had to wait outside that was disturbing- it was his tone and manner in which he spoke to us. I was ready to cancel the order and leave but my husband said that we should just get our food and not return to that location.
I've given Le Bus about 5 tries and they continue to fail. Service is absolutely terrible. Brunch today was by far the worst meal I've ever had at a restaurant. Our waiter took our order and we never saw him again. No syrup for my child's pancakes...I had to go ask for it twice and it came more than 5 minutes later. Messed up another order.  Never once asked how the meal was. Never once asked if we wanted another drink. Had to ask another employee to take the check and he complained. 

This was the last chance for Le Bus and I will not recommend it to anyone else in East Falls.
Blown away! This place is a vibe. Plants on plants on plants. The decor and ambiance was very welcoming. I was with two other people we sat inside at a table that was socially distanced. 

The staff was so friendly, they all wore masks and practiced social distancing. They were thorough and attentive. 

Before your meal they bring out a variety of freshly baked bread. I think I have to say it was the best raisin bread I have ever had. 

The whole experience was very efficient. The food came out really quick. We ordered their soup which came out first. I highly recommend the gypsy soup, it is perfect for a fall day. 

I ordered the Mexican Frittata with no sausage. The flavors were perfect. It was a little on the oily side because it had cheese in it, but it made it way more delicious. 

My friends had the zucchini fritters and ranted. It looked delicious but has a sunny side egg on it which isn't my style but it looked incredible. Everything was so delicious and everything was very fresh. 

I will be back very very soon friends. Still thinking about this meal hours later
Let me start off by saying that I have been a fan of Le Bus for years and I was super excited that one was opening in East Falls, just a 15 min walk away from my house!

Went to Le Bus on a Sunday for brunch. The wait was about 10 mins which was expected around 11am. The restaurant was nice, lots of natural light, very open, and I liked the plants that dotted the windows. When we finally were seated, there were many open tables around us so not sure why there was a 10 min wait.

Our waiter was  nice and friendly. We ordered plain croissants, they were out of them. Fine. My husband wanted the eggs benedict with ham. They were out of ham. Seriously, out of ham and croissants?? I feel like those are staples of brunch but we just chalked it up to perhaps we had just missed the breakfast rush. My husband ended up getting the eggs benedict with bacon, I got an omelet, and we shared the pancakes. Our waiter also said he was going to start us off with some bread but we never got any. 

So pancakes. They were huge and delicious. The issue we had was when the server brought out the pancakes, it didn't come with syrup so I had to ask for it even though it's listed as pancakes WITH syrup on the menu. Then the server gave me a bottle of Smuckers sugar free breakfast syrup. What?! I didn't ask for sugar free and for $10 pancakes ($8 for two pancakes+tax and tip=$10), I would expect to get 100% real maple syrup. Luckily, our waiter saw the error and quickly corrected it without me having to ask and gave us real maple syrup.

The rest of the meal: The eggs benedict was over cooked so the yolk was solid, not runny. The omelet was nothing to write home about and the breakfast potatoes were quite bland. 

Overall I would go back to give them a second chance. They got three stars for 1) location 2) short wait time and 3) location. I was quite disappointed with the food though (or lack there of since they were out of croissants and ham) and the spotty service. Hoping they will do better next time!
I recently moved to east falls and was thrilled to have Le Bus so close by. However the food is not as good as I remember when they were in manayunk.
The cauliflower wings were heavily fried and tasteless. The veggie burger was burned.
The side salad was a few greens, nothing else. I was very disappointed.  The watermelon drink at happy hour was bad.
Where should I start? Got here at 7:10, didn't get a server until 7:30. He's name was Brian, he was the absolute worst. Never asked us if we've been here before or if it was our first time, didn't talk about the specials, drinks, etc.... should've known it was going to be a bad experience by my 1yr olds expression. Because of my experience, I will never give this place a second chance. Food wasn't even average. This restaurant won't last. I give it a few more years n there will be another new spot
My friend and I decided to give LeBus a try on a whim. We are both local to East Falls and had never been there before. I did check some Yelp reviews before we left and they were mixed, the biggest complaint seemed to be service. I found a parking spot right on Ridge, so that was convenient and a pleasant way to start. When we first arrived, we did have trouble figuring out which door to use; others had said they had been "yelled at" for using the wrong door, so I did not want to make that mistake. When I finally found the correct door (corner of Indian Queen Lane and Ridge) I was pleasantly surprised to see all kinds of fresh breads and bakery items inside. We decided to dine outside, the evening was quite mild, so the host told us to go back outside and meet him around the Cafe (outdoor dining is on Midvale). Our waiter was Billy and he was fantastic! Well-versed with the menu and giving us suggestions when asked. They gave us a carafe of water, which I love because you do not have to wait for refills. I ordered the East Falls burger and my friend ordered Faroe Island Salmon. They did bring fresh bread to the table and the cinnamon raisin was my favorite! They were out of burger buns, so I opted for focaccia. I must mention, that the intersection of Midvale and Ridge is quite busy, so it was not the relaxing dining experience I had hoped for, this is no fault of LeBus. Next time, I would probably opt to dine inside. Back to the food, both our entrees were delicious and Billy as well as another waitress were very attentive to our needs. When the bill arrived, we were very shocked at how low it was. Turns out, Tuesdays they have a burger special, $10 includes your burger, fries or salad, and a beverage! I think they should have that advertised, but it was a pleasant surprise. Overall, I give five star to both quality of the food and service. Please do not let the negative reviews deter you from trying LeBus in the heart of East Falls!
Will soon be a resident of East Falls and I think I may have found my go-to spot!

Came here with a good friend and we couldn't be more pleased with the experience. We treated right always and a choice of seating options (inside or outside). We selected to sit outside which was pleasant. Although it was hot, the outside seating area was covered and provided ample shade. 

I really want to talk about the food, those pancakes pictured were incredible. First, they were huge and secondly, they were so fluffy! I am sucker for berry topping and they didn't disappoint. Excited to check some more options on the menu!!
This place has some history and some allure around it. I loved the ambiance of the place. Classy, but not stuffy. The menu is a little too big, so it's hard to navigate. So I asked the server to recommend me something. Turkey burger it was. The generous toppings weren't enough to offset the "well done" white meat here. And they made the burger a challenge to it. Even though I liked the fries, I found the experience to be a little underwhelming. It may be better if you focus on the baked goods and avoid the overly ambitious lunch menu.
This is what LeBus East Falls considers a side salad $4‼a handful radicchio lettuce nothing else tomatoes, cucumbers, carrot, NOTHING a small handful of half wilted radicchio in a soup to-go ....
I guess we here in East Falls are considered food fools .... and of course the manger was too busy to come to the phone.....not to mention ,but I will ,a $22 stir fry with 5 small cubes of tofu ‼
Bad overpriced careless food service ‼
Who the hell wants to spend $30 and eat in disappointment ⁉NOT ME ‼
Where do I begin? After waiting for an hour, the waiter comes out and says, we are out of mahi mahi. Put an order in for salmon. After another 30 minutes, he says to the person I'm with, "we don't have any burgers."
I could go on but I think you get the point!!!
Le Bus was definitely worth a second look, after giving them time to work out the typical opening jitters. 
My husband started with the outstanding wild mushroom bisque this time, and had the salmon salad Niçoise for an entree. He enjoyed both. 
I had a nice glass of Riesling to go with the pan-seared salmon with citrus buerre blanc, on a bed of garlic-infused veggies and roasted potatoes. Beautiful presentation and prepared exactly as I requested. Perfection!
Chef JT recommended the cheesecake for dessert, so I had to have it - with chocolate sauce - of course. Yum! 
Glad to welcome Le Bus, David Braverman, Chef JT Dunn, and staff to the new spot.
we've been waiting and waiting for it to open over at work. i mean...dining options in the area are slim pickins. so we were super stoked when it finally opened. 

while we've all been separately, we've only had the pleasure twice as a collective. the first time, we decided to order to-go. parking is a little tricky but i haven't had any issues with finding a spot, even during the reg lunch hour. if you park on indian queen lane, you have to pass two other doors to get to the one that is actually open btw lol when i walked in, i was greeted by a friendly hostess, lovely artwork by i assume local artists, and the smell of freshly baked breads...oh my *drool* they also have a bunch of very tempting pastries right there in the front. 

ok so what was ordered: a burger, some kind of mushroom soup, sandwich that came with cornbread, and a thai turkey salad. i ended up having the salad with the dressing on the side. it was fantastic. it comes with spinach, chopped walnuts, noodles, and real turkey...none of that fake shit. it left me content and happy. everyone else seemed to thoroughly enjoy their meals as well.

today we had decided to go and dine there. the space is super cute and roomy...AND they have a fully stocked bar! looks like we just found another spot for happy hours lol

looking over the menu, we all were struggling with what to order. everything sounded so appetizing. i was really torn...stuffed pepper, shrimp poboy, germantown burger (essentially a bbq burger), and the thai turkey salad again. 

well...i ended up being good and ordered the salad again. this time i forgot to ask for the dressing on the side and it was a bit too much for me. so fyi. also, i remember it being spicier the first time i got it. regardless, i basically licked the plate clean haha

others ordered the stuffed pepper, germantown burger with housemade ketchup for the fries, curry chicken sandwich, and a tomato and ham grilled cheese. all were happy with their decisions. also, their sandwiches and burgers are huge! you will most likely have leftovers. their chips are also housemade. 

service was great and i have thoroughly enjoyed my experiences so far. keep it up lebus...give your competitors something to worry about and hopefully they'll step up their games!
So happy about this place opening in East Falls! I've been there twice because it was so great. The bread is AMAZING. I had the stuffed peppers, which can be made vegan, and they were wonderful. Second time was for brunch. Best coffee around. Super excited to see this place evolve. They were still working out some service issues, but I'm sure that will resolve.
We have been regulars at Le Bus for years, and couldn't wait to try this location.   We were among the first customers to arrive for brunch today at 9:15.  When we walked in, the hostess asked us if we had reservations. RESERVATIONS???  I didn't think ANY brunch spots took reservations.  We were accustomed to really long waits at the popular hipster spots, which is why we arrived so early this morning. Anyway.... this was good to know.

I ordered the stuffed french toast rolls and my fiance' ordered the vegan pancakes.  He loved his pancakes, and I thought my french toast rolls were ok.  I think I would prefer regular french toast to the "rolls", but they weren't bad.   

Anyway... I love the decor at this Le Bus. It was pretty cozy. Loved the ambience, as well. I hate a noisy restaurant first thing in the morning, and none of the patrons were being overly loud, as the place filled up.

Service was good, just like the other Le Bus location.
Really great food and ambience! I went for brunch with my husband and best friend. I ordered the sausage and egg sandwich with potatoes and it was out of this world! My friend got the Mexican frittata and loved it! My only complaint is that the service is a little slow and awkward at times but I get the sense this is because they just opened and they're still trying to find their groove. Honestly this place is a GEM! Definitely plan on returning for brunch and trying dinner!
A friend and I had dinner there recently and had a positively wonderful evening.  Attention was paid to the smallest of details, creating an evening of gourmet food, interesting drinks (which were packed with quite the kick), and an enjoyable, relaxed evening.  
We started off with a couple of the most interesting cocktails you could imagine.  We spoke with one of the managers who explained that he and the bar manager spent countless hours tasting various drink combinations to come up with a list of their signature drinks.  I'm not going to tell you what's in the LeDuck East Falls because you won't believe me.  Just trust me and try it for an exotic taste sensation.  We also had their version of a Manhattan which, again, was like no other I've ever tasted.  They weren't cheap but they were big, strong, and worth every penny. 
We then had the salmon with roasted vegetables, and the brisket in the richest of sauces.  It comes with a corn pudding which I cannot eat for dietary reasons.  They were incredibly accommodating and served me a Caesar salad in its place.  If you are a fan of anchovies you must try this salad.  Their recipe uses the exactly perfect amount of anchovies in this classic dressing to give it a wonderful saltiness.  I was told they make it fresh each day to guarantee a perfect dressing.  
My friend finished the evening with another cocktail: What's the Rumpus?  This is dessert in a glass that will make you fall in love with the bartender.  It's touted as a "rich dark chocolate rum espresso flip," and yes,  you will flip over it.  I finished with one of the smoothest cups of good ole regular coffee I've ever had.  A dark roast with no acidity?  Yup.  Dark but mellow.  Sounds like an oxymoron but that's the best way to describe it.  
The atmosphere was intimate enough to make for either a romantic evening or a fun night out with friends yet bustling enough to make you feel part of a big festival.  We never felt rushed yet we felt we never had to wait if we needed something.
Oh, and check out the art work which adorns the walls.  Apparently the artists get 100% of the proceeds.  So, not only do we have a seasoned restaurateur with a fine new venue but he's also a supporter of local artists.  Gotta love it.  
We will be back and we will bring friends.
~ Visiting my sister in Philly & she chooses this place to be "Yelp worthy". Upon arrival, I felt it was going to go well until I entered. Great vibes & great greetings by the staff. I just knew the food wouldn't be official, supported by the fact that my sister & I are two different types of eaters. I was wrong! I ordered the crispy honey glazed wings, (3 orders) cauliflower wings, chicken fettuccine alfredo, the New Orleans cioppino, and the Wild mushroom risotto. Long Islands were trash, so don't waste ya time. Spend about $255.00. Well worth it. But I wouldn't go back. The menu doesn't have too many selections to choose from.
  
    The crispy honey-glazed wings were my favorite. Whatever dipping sauce came with the wings compliments it perfectly. The New Orleans cioppino gets the reward for the " dish of the night". The broth was superb!! The seafood was good, minus the Mahi. Dry, tasteless, and not needed. The remaining dishes were satisfying and reach a higher standard than I expected. 
   
     We had a beautiful, well-mannered waitress who said she also cooked my wings. Love it. Didn't get her name tho. Young, black skinny chick with glasses. Parking is probably a hassle since it's a residential area. A nice outside seating area as well. The location is safe and comfortable. Hope you enjoy. ~
#TeamDiesel
We got a delivery of cauliflower wings, salmon entree, salmon Niçoise salad, and branzino entree.

The entrees were all good and the ingredients were fresh. The coconut rice with the salmon entree was really good and definitely made it more of a special salmon than I would normally make at home.

I liked the cauliflower wings, too, but they weren't buffalo style (they weren't advertised as Buffalo style, but this still caught me by surprise). Still, with a splash of Frank's, they satisfied my wing craving!

Delivery service was on time.
Lebus is your classic neighborhood cafe with a great selection of food and located in a cute interesection in East Falls. It's a great place for brunch, and if you come on a weekday, there is almost no wait. I got a an egg scramble, which was massive - and I needed to get it to go and nurse it back at home. The food was okay, the service was attentive, and the ambience was nice. East Falls has a lot of local treats, and I will probably visit some of the others before coming back.
LeBus is great! We come here mainly to get bakery takeout, bread & bagels, but eat inside every so often. The prices are fair, and they have an excellent selection. They tend to lean on the heavy side - whoever adds the oil and butter has a heavy hand - but the food is GOOD. Great drinks, like the people who work there, excellent atmosphere. I could spend a whole day in this place: the lighting is great, lots of plants, comfortable bar. Really nice addition to the neighborhood, can't say I miss the Mexican restaurant that used to be here. Haven't eaten in their small outdoor area yet, but am looking forward to that once the weather cools off a bit. Highly recommended!

Spent a long afternoon a couple weeks ago chatting with one of the bartenders and managers on a quiet day.
Where to start ? This place smells so good just walking in. I got hungry just from whatever it was that smell so darn good. Haha. The food was delicious. I really love the mushroom and seafood soup. So good. Hearty and flavorful. I love a good soup. The atmosphere is also lovely. And this place doubles as a bakery. Totally will come here .
I really loved the atmosphere and everything we ordered, but the server was rude as hell.
The food is always fantastic with hearty portions. There are fresh loaves of bread and baguette for take away in the front. Great salads and vegetarian options.
Delicious!! This is a cute little lunch spot! My mom and I had lunch here the other day and their burgers are amazing! I love how they named their burgers after the northwest Philadelphia neighborhoods. I had the Mt. Airy burger which had avocados! Their bread is to die for! There was no wait, but I went on a Friday afternoon! I can't wait to try their brunch!
What a great and fortuitous surprise ! The absolutely gorgeous and lush plants I saw from the windows --literally stopped me in my tracks and kept me from going down the street to the original one in Manayunk --turns out they aren't even run by the same owners anymore .
I don't say this lightly , as I've been going to the original since I was a kid, but I think this one is better .
The food was solid and innovative enough to venture off the grain , but not so snobby to be intimidating .
I had the veggie wing salad --delish combo I wouldn't have expected , a cup of seafood chowder , and a basket of fries--really really good fries and piping hot and fresh.
The bartender Matt took great care of me, Even though you could see there was a pop and he had gotten quite busy with the lunch hit --every server smiled as they ran food , and the manager even stopped to introduce himself .

I loved sitting at a bar instead of a table , and no one glared at me for obnoxiously using my laptop :)

I will be back !
I was so disappointed this Monday. Even though I go to this restaurant at least once a month, and am never acknowledged, I  will really need to think twice about going back. 
The food has been satisfactory, sometimes good. But, against my better judgment I ordered the stuffed peppers, thinking that $19 for 2 half stuffed vegetarian peppers was expensive. Imagine my surprise when only one half pepper arrived for the same price! Come on, folks, really?
I never mind paying a reasonable price for decent food and even though I eat out 2-3 times a week, this is the first time I've ever complained about cost, but nearly 20 bucks for half a pepper is ridiculous.
The fact that I mentioned something politely to the serve and no one came over underscores my discontent. Where's the customer service?
Sadly, the new restaurant in the neighborhood is not up to the task.
Definitely a gem in East Falls. Friendly, cozy and warm atmosphere, sophisticated healthy food, righteous bread and soulful ownership. The service has improved since its inception. Comfortable and neighborly setting. Love it when the waitstaff remembers our favorite libations. Vegan and vegetarian friendly but room for the omnivores among us.
I am a HUGE fan of this restaurant. I'm an East Falls local and was pumped to have another upscale restaurant added to the neighborhood. I eat here probably once a month and one of my FAVORITE dishes to order when I eat out is Risotto. Mainly because its take a long time that isn't readily available in my schedule.  I had it when it was first added to the menu and it was AMAZING! About a month ago I came in on Valentine's Day and ordered it and it was under cooked and looked as if they poured the mushroom bisque over it. Soupie.  My Server was gracious enough to take it off the menu and I attributed it to a cra cra night for restaurants. Tonight I set out to try again. Same result! My server was AWESOME and we talked about what it takes for a great Risotto and the kitchen offered again. So great! It was less soupy but still undercooked. I'm hoping they figure it out because it was EXCELLENT when cooked long enough.
Good service and great salads. Can't go wrong with this place! Favorites so far are the beet salad, salmon salad, mushroom bisque, and eggs Benedict.
Had lunch here with some friends last week.   Food was good.   We had the mushroom soup which was a bit garlicky- ok by me but not expected.    I also had the salmon niscoise salad which had a decent portion of fish, a bit more well done than I would like, four small piece of potato, some asparagus and string beans on a bed of Bibb lettuce with the tarragon dressing on the side.   It was ok but not fabulous enough to wrangle with the street parking.
Best restaurant in Philly for lunch and/or dinner.  Started with roasted beet salad, cauliflower wings, coupled with an excellent IPA.
This place brings some class to the neighborhood. It's a step up from your average neighborhood bar. It's totally renovated inside and looks nothing like the previous restaurant. The food and the staff are amazing. The raisin bread they offer at the table was delicious. I could have a side of that anytime. 

The one thing I didn't like was my side of cornbread. My recommendation is that it should be served hot. The flavor was ok but I think if it was at least warm it would kick it up a notch. 

I ordered the burger and it was cooked to perfection. The patty was very hearty and I could finish it.   

The shrimp polenta is really good but spicy. 

I'll be back frequently and would recommend a everyone visit.
Great menu options. Great service. Fairly cheap as well. Place was beautiful on the inside, lots of plants and nice lighting. The food was delicious! I got the stuffed pepper with sausage and goat cheese...so good. Staff was cool. They have pastries in the front you can buy..idk if they make them in house, but I had the chocolate croissant and it was tasty.
Le Bus was definitely worth a second look, after giving them time to work out the typical opening jitters. 
My husband started with the outstanding wild mushroom bisque this time, and had the salmon salad Niçoise for an entree. He enjoyed both. 
I had a nice glass of Riesling to go with the pan-seared salmon with citrus buerre blanc, on a bed of garlic-infused veggies and roasted potatoes. Beautiful presentation and prepared exactly as I requested. Perfection!
Chef JT recommended the cheesecake for dessert, so I had to have it - with chocolate sauce - of course. Yum! 
Glad to welcome Le Bus, David Braverman, Chef JT Dunn, and staff to the neighborhood.
Everything was so so so delicious. I loved the wild mushroom soup. My friend Sheila brought my husband and I hear and to have a delicious meal. My husband and I love the veggie burger he said it was delicious and Sheila she loved her burger since it was delicious and the coleslaw good. Will be back soon!
Warm and relaxed atmosphere with handsome decorum complete with beautiful artwork on the walls.  Acoustics were conducive for conversation, not the severe bombastic echo chambers that pervade in restaurants almost everywhere.  Service was certainly cheerful and helpful and then there's the homemade Lebus bread, consistently nutty and tasty and served immediately after seating.  Entrees were certainly imaginative, however way over salted, especially the vegetable burger.  The stuffed peppers were delicious with a very flavorful tomato sauce served in a hand crafted pottery bowl. However, the salmon in a pesto cream sauce over linguini was soaked in liquid akin to a soup while the linguini was under cooked and all stuck together.  
All in all, after three visits, it's hit or miss with Lebus regarding the menu.  The rest rooms are clean and decorative with travertine tiled walls.  When you go, be sure you inquire about the sauces before ordering.  The staff should  accommodate your special tastes and preferences.
Amazing!!! I will say it was such a great experience. We ordered the Mexican frittata, so yummy. Enjoyed a mimosa with freshly squeezed OJ. 

If you love good quality service and food. This is the place to go! Great on a Saturday with little to no wait.
Excellent however dining outside can be very noisy at times with fire station and traffic.
The atmosphere is nice. The place is designed well. The food, in general, based on three visits, is OK. It's a bit overpriced for the area, and for what they're serving, and nothing that we've ordered has blown us away, but it has all been generally good. The bread is fantastic. The employees all seem to be quite young, and a bit hip, and they are always very, very sweet. The service was always good. Not spectacular, but always good, because they are always friendly. The best dish I've ordered from them is their macaroni and cheese. But, again, it was good, but I wasn't blown away, and it was a bit pricy, for what it is. All this being said, I like going there, and I want them to remain open, and I'd go more often if I felt it was more reasonably priced, so I hope they adjust their prices, just a little bit.
As good as the original. 

House vinegarette so good it makes the choice between the (delicious) fries and a side-salad legitimately difficult. 

Really classy interior, too.
We had Brunch here with our son who lives in the area. Having been to other restaurants in the area, we rate this at the top. Located on a corner the dining area has large windows on two sides giving a comfortable open feeling. The menu has a variety of choices, the service was prompt and friendly, the food was very good and reasonably priced. We will return.
First time eating here this past Saturday. We had a reservation and were seated quickly. Party of 3. I ordered mushroom soup as an app. It came out within 5 min. My sister ordered a cup as soon as mine came. Her soup never made it out! For entrees we ordered 2 burgers and a mussels. Our order took close to 50 minutes to come out. Our waiter was well intended but horrible. Our food was just ok. Not good enough for me to try again.
I went to Le Bus on a Saturday night and had a great meal overall. The restaurant was full at 8 pm even when it was snowing outside. The decor is gorgeous - they did a great job renovating the place!

I absolutely recommend the shrimp with the fried polenta. The broth that it is made in is incredible. Plus if you dip the bread in the broth, its even better! The vegetarian chili is also one of the best restaurant chili dishes that I've had. 

My biggest complaint is about the burgers and now that I'm reading the reviews, I see that I'm not the only one that experienced this. I ordered the Mount Airy burger, which overall was great. The fries and the slaw it came with was delicious, along with the toppings on the burger. When I was reading the menu, it says that the recommended cook temperature is medium well, which caught my attention. I typically eat my burgers/other beef items rare to medium rare at most so I specifically asked my waiter for my burger to be cooked medium rare. He explained that the chef strongly recommends that the burgers are cooked medium well because the burgers were so thick. I know myself and I just don't enjoy burgers that are cooked beyond medium so I tried to insist that my burger was cooked medium rare but the burger still came out medium well. The overcook took away from the enjoyment of the burger. I was also confused with the recommended cook after seeing the burgers because they were average sized burgers.

I will definitely go back because I enjoyed the food overall and I want to try the other things on the menu. I just hope that the burgers can be cooked at the temperatures that the customers ask for.
Where to start?

I've been here 5 times. Here's my summary:
(1) service is really poor. My family visited once and I called le bus to ask when the closes . They told me 10pm. We got there at 9:30pm and was told kitchen closed and no food is being serviced. Le bus - don't lie to customers and update the times on Yelp and Google listings. 

(2) food is sometimes good (burgers are fine) and also really really a miss. For example, got soup one time and it tasted like dirty water. 

I hesitated and waited to leave a bad review. Wanted to give this place enough of a shot since it's new and I know how bad reviews can impact new customers from coming. 

But, this place just isn't worth it.
I wish I could give it more than 3 stars but they really need to work out the "new restaurant" service issues. They were very accommodating when we needed to change our reservation from 4 to 5 people. We watched the hostess lazily call out names at the hostess stand and not even bother to check if the people waiting outside the door were those parties. 

Once seated, the server took forever to get us waters. We ordered and the food took extremely long to get to us. Luckily we were provided delicious LeBus breads and butter to snack on. My eggs with multigrain toast, home fries, and bacon were swimming in butter/oil and the home fries were not fully cooked through (crunchy potato slices in not a good way). We ran out of water and coffee multiple times and I had to flag down the server to get refills. We also weren't offered condiments and had to ask for them- things like salt and pepper, ketchup for home fries, and syrup for pancakes.

Overall, everyone enjoyed their meal of choice. The pancakes and French toast were delightful. Great fries with the sausage and egg sandwich (I recommend sharing- it's huge!). A side of sausage was $5 for a tiny homemade patty. Awesome breads and croissants, of course! 

I hope to be able to go in another month and see some of these seemingly simple kinks worked out. The space is absolutely gorgeous (albeit a little smoky from the open kitchen) and a great upgrade to East Falls.
For an open kitchen concept to work the open kitchen needs to be organized. Loved the menu, the food and the space but took a star off for the disorganization of the kitchen and the hostess stand. Host took his time seating us even though there were plenty of open tables and the waiting area is right in front of the open kitchen so you are practically standing on top of the food coming out of the kitchen. Staff seemed disorganized scrambling to figure out what went with what. I'm sure this happens in every kitchen I just don't really want to be privy to it. Mimosa was great! Potatoes were perfect and omelette was huge but lacking in flavor. Certainly a nice addition to East Falls I just wish the food didn't come out in front of the hostess stand.
Love having a Le Bus around the corner from me in East Falls! I've been there many times since its opening and they're constantly improving. Every new restaurant has its quips, but you can tell they are dedicated to making it better. I've been there for brunch many times, the ham benedict is amazing. Potatoes are fantasticly seasoned and the service has been great. Pancakes are pretty fab as well. 
I almost always sit at the bar and have had nothing, but great interactions with the bartenders. Look forward to seeing them continue to improve!
This place was pretty busy when we arrived, around noon on Sunday. We were seated right away. Our service was wonderful, drinks were tasty and food was amazing. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great brunch spot. I look forward to coming back for dinner.
Much needed and appreciated brunch spot in East Falls! Made a reservation today for brunch and was seated very quickly (despite it being their grand opening weekend!) Draft/bottle/can list were all stellar and the cocktail menu was straight out of a high class mixology bar (plus $7 bottomless mimosas)!!! I ordered Brisket Bennedict. Food came fast and bread for the table was a nice touch. Eggs were poached perfectly and the hollandaise and brisket were awesome! Heading back soon to takcle dinner and drinks!
I am not one for long negative reviews but I have not been this disappointed by a meal in a very long time. Came here for an anniversary dinner and both me and my fiancé could not wait to leave. Minutes or less after sitting down the waiter asked for our full order which I understand if the place is busy and for time purposes but it was not busy and it was to the point of feeling very rushed. Never introduced himself , barely greeted and just kind of made things feel pressured right after we sat down.

We ordered the crispy wings which no lie tasted like they were rolled in garlic with no other flavor. Consistency was great but we could not finish them because of how much garlic was used. I ordered a drink that was terrible to the point that I just didn't drink it.

Our entrees were not bad but the "brioche" bun for my burger came out as a flattened soft bun and not what a typical brioche bun would be. The slaw that came with the burger was again overpowered with garlic and to top everything off we really didn't see our waiter after placing our order. Had to ask him to take our appetizer plates away. Was really looking forward to a nice anniversary dinner but we will not be returning.
Good food.  Great interior design. Welcoming and comfortable. Nice outdoor seating. A true European style morning. Delicious coffee with warm chocolate croissants  and blueberry muffins.  It took awhile to seat us at an empty outdoor section, but the pleasant waiter more then made up for the wait with his pleasant attitude.
The egg sandwich is ridiculous. We got two to go and are tossing 3/4 of the food. 

First off it is GIANT and not clearly described as such ( "on batard"? Come on this isn't a french vocab quiz, how about "long roll")

The eggs were dense sleep-away camp institutional style, and the greens/side salad were overly dressed and very tart, and like the home fries were all rather limp when opened just fifteen minutes later.
The space is great.  The service poor. We were one of three tables, so no excuse.  Waited 20 minutes for soup and salad.  The caesar salad was a disappointment,  they didn't even cut the romaine leaves.  Hardly any dressing, not that it had much flavor.  The place has potential, I hope they get it right.
Went to Lebus in East Falls for the first time last night and had an enjoyable meal.  My stuffed peppers were very good and my wife had the veggie burger which she loved.  The dirty fries are very good and they have a nice selection of beers.  It's hard to believe it's in the same spot as the old Mexican restaurant that was there because the space is very different.  In a good way.  The only reason I did not give it a four star is that the service was not very consistent.  We had to ask for our server and then things got better after that but we should have not had to ask to be helped.
Good food but TERRIBLE service. They forgot our order, pretended they didn't, and generally forgot about us as soon as we arrived. I would buy bread from the bakery, but never return for a meal!
I came here on a Sunday Afternoon after Church. The wait was really short, only about 10-15 mins Max. I came with a party of 3. I ordered an omelette, french toast rolls and tea. The restaurant also provided complementary bread for each table but I didn't eat the bread. 

My omelette was very very delicious. The eggs were fluffy, the sausage, spinach and mushrooms were flavored and seasoned perfectly. My French toast rolls were a great sweet compliment to the omelette. I personally think they were a little too sweet but could also attribute that to the savory eggs. Plus I'm usually not a fan of overly sweet things so it maybe that. Overall even if it was a little too sweet for me, the rolls were flaky and stuffed with the various fruit creams just right. I would highly recommend this place.
Great place too eat love the greenery, the drinks the alcohol. I highly recommend the Burbon and the fries and the fried cauliflower if your a vegetarian.
Not worth the struggle to get there and then be greeted with a meh attitude by the bartender. The hostess was great with a positive attitude -- if not for her then there would be plenty of more complaInts.  Lotof other quality places to go to in East Falls area. Yelp Elite are all wrong about this place.
Great restaurant with a lot of greenery as the decor. Drink I highly recommend is hands down the East falls old fashion.
I just love everything about this place!  The people are the best.  The vibe is so cozy.  Their fresh bakes are something I think about a lot.  The outdoor seating.  I have not once ever ordered anything that I don't love or really like.  A great place for a date night.  A great place for a meal by yourself with a book.  A great place for group dinners and out of town guests.  A great place for breakfast and brunch.  Its also nice to go for a little walk along the river afterwards.
The eggs were so greasy! There's was pool of oil in the plate where my omelet was. They also confused my friend order and gave her the wrong one. The staff was nice and helpful. However, they didn't go beyond saying sorry. Disappointed as Lebus was one of my favorite places to go to before.
Such a cute restaurant, pleasant service! My best friend suggested this place and she called ahead to see if they were open for outdoor dining, thankfully they had space for us. We were seated shortly and a server with mask and gloves was prompt with the menus and gave us a run down of the menu. 
They were kinda slowly reopening and didn't have too many cocktails on the menu, however they did have margaritas, wines and beer. We chose to get a bottle of Cab. Unfortunately they didn't have a bottle so they offered us a bottle of merlot at have the price. We also ordered the crispy wings and flatbread, so so delicious and freshly made. 
Think farm to table sort of food! 
We got a variety of entrees and I did try a few bites of the Thai Salad and the salmon. 
This is definitely worth a detour in beautiful East fall
This is a go-to spot in the area. I love their chicken salad sandwich and their burgers are worth the hefty price tag. The fries and slaw are also a must. Highly recommend the beet salad as well. Boyfriend loves the roast turkey sandwich and the mac and cheese. Only thing I would not recommend is the chicken wings. And, most importantly, the baked goods are amazing -breads and pastries.
Amazing brunch, everything is good. Their Mexican frittata is crazy good. The breakfast sandwich is also super good. Try the roll up things and split it with a group. Drinks are tasty too. The vibe is cute, good place for a date or brunch... or both.
If I could post 7 STARS, I would. This place nails it EVERY time! Been coming to this group's Restaurants for years, and NEVER disappointed. This East Falls spot is a GREAT place! GREAT menu, beyond terrific server (Stephen G?), decor, EVERYONE, a pleasure to interact with! Server said, just in passing, "It all starts with great management, and it trickles down from there." True words spoken!
The bread is fresh and delicious, sandwiches and salads are artistic and amazing! The wine list is good and reasonably priced for the area. Staff take pride in great service and professional manner. I've eaten here several times, alone and with family members. It's a go to place for me when I'm looking for healthy food away from home. I'm not fond of cream of mushroom soup without dairy; they use a non-dairy item and it just doesn't add up for me. Eat on the patio on a nice day or inside.
Bad service. Salty food. Cold eggs. $15 for an omelette. 
Gave a vegetarian an omelette with bacon. 
I remember the bus at Penn 40 years ago. What a shame.
My sandwich (& my husband's) was absolutely perfect, will definitely be back. 
I appreciate the set up. There are plants everywhere and all of the art that they have hanging up are from local artist and you can actually purchase them if you'd like (100% of sales will go to the artist!). 
Our water was very generous and checked in on us a well amount of times-- not too often and not too little haha. Explained everything on the menu thoroughly. 
I enjoyed watching the staff interact with one another. They seem like a family.
WOW this place is a gem! I had the sesame bagel and chocolate croissant with a friend, and had to come back for more! This time around I tried the butter croissant- just as flaky, buttery, and scrumptious! And I got a whole loaf of sourdough! It holds up nicely when dipped in soup, and also makes great sandwiches. Wonderful service as well! Thank you!!!
I really believe that you should give grace to people when they're having a bad day especially customer service people. However, sometimes things are truly inexcusable. Our waitress really dropped the ball on her service. It felt like nothing we asked for or said to her stuck. We ordered seltzer's, waited 15 minutes and she only brought them (and bread) when my partner signaled her. "Oh sorry I forgot but your food'll be right out". It wasn't "right out". I joked with my bf that she probably didn't even put our orders in. We waited another 20 minutes for the food. When the food arrived, my French toast was missing all the toppings, my boyfriends two egg platter came without toast or potatoes, the eggs and sausage on separate plates. I asked her weren't there supposed to be toppings? And where the rest of my bfs food was. At this point we were hungry and over it but we still waited at least 10 more minutes until my bf went to the front to request the bill so we can just pay and leave. Supposedly our bill was supposed to be comped but she didn't inform us. I'm not going to tank their ratings by giving them one star because I know bad days exist. All in all we are just disappointed and hungry.
We ordered takeout brunch on April 5 and it was horrible...
1) ordered two orders of chicken wings, they were totally soggy and cold, and they forgot the blue cheese sauce.  They were so bad we each ate 2 then threw the rest away. 
2) ordered grilled cheese with ham and tomato, they forgot the tomato and it was cold. 
3) ordered a blueberry scone, half was dry and had zero blueberries, the other half had plenty of blueberries and was moist (how could Lebus get a scone wrong!!!)
4) ordered the mushroom soup with corn bread, soup was great but they forgot the cornbread for which I was charged. 
5) ordered the Caesar salad that was supposed to come with shredded Parmesan, instead it was the finely grated (powder) parm.    

Before we ate anything I called about the missing cornbread and blue cheese.  They offered to deliver the blue cheese in a half hour (so the wings would be even colder then they were by the time it arrived) and she said she would refund the charge for the cornbread.  Nope, never got the refund.  

As a side note, I ordered at 10:33, that's 27 minutes before they open and they told me to come at 10:45.  I'm guessing they made it immediately then let it sit for at least 30 mins (hence the completely soggy wings and cold grilled cheese). We live 8 minutes away so that isn't why everything was cold. 

Won't ever order take out from them again.
Phenomenal experience every time I dine here. Ambiance is a vibe & service is quality. Nice date spot
This restaurant is such a gem! I've been here twice for brunch and they service both times has been excellent. The Mexican frittata is amazing as well as the complementary bread basket and their selection of hot teas.

There is plenty street parking close by as well as a paid lot a block away. Can't wait to come back for dinner!
Great chili, great beer. Good addition to East Falls. Manayunk steals a lot of this little neighborhood's thunder but I think that's the way locals like it around here. I like it too.
Went for dinner saw a mouse running around while restaurant is operating times. I address it to the worker and he seem to react in a way that he knew the problem exist. Will not be going back.
Went to LeBus in East Falls for a quick bite to eat. I ordered the burger and my fiancé gave the shrimp & grits a try. 

The burger was good, I took some of the cheese off because It was a bit overwhelming to me. The lettuce came to me soggy from the burger grease, which was off putting to me as well. 

The Honey Chipotle Shrimp & Grits was great! My fiancé enjoyed the faint sweetness and smokiness of the dish. I had a taste and I thought it was pretty good take on the traditionally Cajun dish 

I'd definitely come back to try something else on the menu  There is an extensive selection of artisan breads to purchase too (I'll review that at a different time).
Ordering Online - bad experience - 6/25/21 ordered from lebus web site a $130 meal for pickup.  Luckily I discovered that at pickup they FORGOT to add already paid-for bread loaf to order, and they corrected .  Much Worse, they FORGOT to add shrimp to risotto although clearly printed on order.  OK, we all make mistakes.  Problem was when I called to tell them about mistake restaurant said there was NO WAY to refund the $7 back to original method of payment and I had to return to the restaurant to collect if I wanted extra charge refunded? What???  This was even though I used the www.lebuseastfalls.com site - NOT a 3rd party.  Later that evening when I finally got the time to get back to Le Bus, I suggested to the hostess that better a better and expected customer service experience would be by having a refund mechanism using method of payment in situations like this.  Essentially the customer is being punished  (in terms of time and effort) for what was the restaurant's mistake.  She snarled "Well you got your money" back at me.  WOW.  She then rudely followed me to the door and locked it dramatically behind me as if too say "don't come back", guess I won't. Pretty nasty experience - clearly they don't give a care as to the customer
I love love love the set up of this restaurant. What a beautiful space to be in. Greenery all around you and cookbooks alongside top shelf drinks at the bar. Such thoughtful touches in every inch of the room. 

The food was reasonably priced and very good too which I don't know why I didn't expect. Maybe because my experiences have conditioned me to believe that beautiful spaces have mediocre food and hole in the wall shops have the best food. Maybe a little slow on the service but I didn't mind the wait at all. 

Five stars. Can't wait to bring all of my friends.
Visit 9/23/18:

Came here for Sunday brunch and was immediately seated. The ambience of the restaurant was very warm and cozy. I felt welcomed. 

Our waiter Rob was great from start to finish! He started us off with their complimentary assorted bread and butter. The bread was fresh.. I actually asked for some to go! haha

I ordered the Mexican Frittata as advised by Rob as one of their top sellers. BOYYY am I glad I listened. It was soooooooooo freakinggg good. The frittata comes with potatoes, sausage, veggies and is topped with salsa, lime crema and avocado. It was honestly one of the most scrumptious brunch entrees I've had in a very long time. If you every have the chance of visiting Lebus, please get this! 
My brunch buddy also said her food was good. 

Would recommend and definitely will be back!
FYI - there is a full bar in the restaurant.
Honestly, so delicious!!! The pizza was covered in delicious oils and seasonings, the sliced almonds were a perfect touch of crunchy and salty. The pasta is homemade on site and was incredible, we finished it in less then 5 min. Prices were fair and portion sizes were perfect. It's really uniquely designed on the inside and has a nice cocktail menu. I'll defiantly be back!
Excellent brunch, cozy atmosphere, great staff. They have plants all over the inside, giving a wholesome feel.
