"I saw a werewolf with a Chinese menu in his hand,
Walking through the streets of SoHo in the rain.
He was looking for a place called Lee How Fook's. 
Gonna get a big dish of beef chow mein.

Aaooooooo
Werewolves of London. 
Aaooooooo.

Aaooooooo.
Werewolves of London.
Aaooooooo."

The historic truth is that the werewolf wasn't from SoHo, London, but Chinatown, Philadelphia.  Poetic license for a largely underappreciated songwriter and rock performer, Warren Zevon. He spent a lot of time in the city, especially in the early 1980s, when he was living with, and ultimately married to a well know radio DJ here. They lived on Rittenhouse Square for several years, before divorce drove him back to California.  If you were very fortunate, you saw his concert at the TLA on South Street, and had your musical life changed.

 He really visited the small Cantonese restaurant on the corner of 11th and Spring Streets and used it for inspiration for the song, "Werewolves of London." Even the kitchen door in an alley off Spring Street, found its way into the lyrics, as the door you must not open unless you sought the fate of the, "Little old lady, got mutilated late last night..." It remains a scary place even today with decades of thick, black grease caked to the walls and pavement. Who knows what evil lurks in those sewer drains?! 

So, I was there the other day after a haircut across the street. I had been singing his songs as I drove to Philly, and wanted to pay homage to the man and have some good Cantonese food. 

The dining room was small, with no more than eight tables. It was well preserved in dark mahogany stained panels.  It was fairly clean and tidy for a joint in C.Town. We were the only customers on arrival, and took liberties to walk around a bit and take a few photos. Amazingly, not a thing memorializing Zevon. Maybe this third generation Asian kitchen doesn't know from American rock and roll. Warren would no doubt get a laugh out of that. 

We ordered Salt Baked Squid, Orange Beef and Fish Hot Pot; more than enough for two of us, but plenty to bring home for the sons. They were all very good, if not best of breed. The squid was tender and mildly salty as expected.  The beef was plentiful with a good dark red amber sauce and sliced onion and green pepper. The fish arrived in a covered casserole still bubbling from the fire in the kitchen. Soft, moist and delicious. Each dish was $11.95. Credit cards accepted. 

This was one of the better Cantonese meals eaten in C.Town, made more desirable by the ability to think about Warren Zevon sitting at the table in back, chowing down and noodling about a song that we are still singing long after his death. 

Aaoooooooo!
Ordered some delivery this past Saturday because I had a taste for something healthy and hot- so ended up getting a egg noodle soup with chicken. 
We also ordered crab Rangoon and Peking spare ribs. 

This was my first time ordering from here but I am glad I did. 

I ordered from Door Dash and the food took about 35 minutes to arrive. When the food came it was fresh and hot. The egg noodle with chicken had ramen in it with bak choy. The broth tastes so flavorful and the chicken was cooked perfectly. 

I didn't try the Peking spare ribs but they looked good- they werent like usual spare ribs on the bone. They were breaded and covered in sauce. The crab Rangoon came in 5 pieces and were very fresh. They tasted really good.
What a disappointing experience (surprisingly) I had at Lee How Fook.  I'm being generous giving it three stars but I once a few years ago had a decent meal there so I'm rounding up from two stars  Okay, let me explain.

It was a snowy day in Philly that was turning to rain and I had an early 6:30 theatre curtain with a friend.  I took the train into town and arrived early to meet my friend for dinner only to get a message my friend couldn't make it in time for dinner and would meet me at the theatre.  Ok. I decided to just head up to Lee How Fook on 11th Street and grab a meal there.  I walked in about 5 o'clock - no one else was inside except the staff making dumplings at a back table. They all just looked at me and didn't say a word. I said  "Are you open?"  They said yes and I sat down at a corner table.  Finally someone got up and came to me and I ordered the salt-baked squid.  No tea ever came my way - that's a first for me in Chinatown....and it was a cold snowy day outside when tea would have been warming.  The salt-baked squid arrived promptly and it was decent - but by far not the best I have ever eaten.  Unfortunately one of the condiment bottles on the table was so sticky it was actually gross and the hot chili peppers needed a refill.  I exchanged them for the condiments on the empty table next to me.  When I asked for the bill I got it with not even a thank you expressed.  I paid and promptly left and headed into the storm to the theatre where my friend had arrived safely and the play was excellent.

I don't think I will ever eat again in Lee How Fook.  Why would I when there are so many awesome restaurants in Chinatown?
there are many things i like about lee how fook.

THE TEA

yes, there is hot tea provided BEFORE ice water. very important detail. a light chrysanthemum tea is the perfect complement to lunch.

THE FOOD

salt baked squid: a yelp declared favorite. so of course, i had to try it. and i agree, it's delicious! crispy and salty, but not overly done in either respect. this is like the much lighter (though unsure if it's much healthier) alternative to calamari.

mapo tofu: eh, less than standard. too much on the non-spicy side for my taste and a little too "westernized." but you really can't go wrong with tofu. heart.

lamb casserole: yummy!! stewed lamb with bean curd in a casserole dish has everything i love and nothing i don't. even the leftovers were so good the next day. and i never say that about chinese food leftovers.

what i didn't like?

THE RICE

the rice was terrible, though they give you a lot. how can i be picky about rice? because i eat it everyday so i know the difference between good and crap.

THE SERVINGS

dishes are really small for a chinese restaurant, especially at those menu prices. i'm a little begrudged by that because it goes against every fiber of my chinese (read: cheap) being.

conclusion? 3.5 STARS rounding up because groupon saved me money :D
We visit Chinatown rather frequently and had been to Lee's years ago and it had not inspired us to return.  We decided to try again last weekend and ended up with the same sentiment - - it's ok but really not worth coming back. 
 
We started with the steamed sui mai and the large chunks of fatty meat on view when they came out were so unappetizing I didn't eat any of them - my husband said they weren't that great (and he rarely meets a  dumpling he doesn't like!).

The main course was the "Sea Bass in Black Bean Sauce with Hot Peppers" which we expected to be a whole fish but it wasn't.   It was very tasty though the fish was definitely overcooked, the "hot peppers" were nearly raw chunks of mostly green bell peppers and it had much more oil in it then was necessary, you can see how oily it is from the glistening photo I put up here.    

We also got a pan fried noodle dish, the ginger and scallion sounded so good we asked if they could add chicken and use Ho Fun noodles and they accommodated our request with nice slices of white meat.   This dish would have been delicious if the sauce wasn't also really oily and really REALLY salty, almost inedibly so.  

The two teenagers covering the room did a good job as servers and while the flavors were there in the food, they were unfortunately mostly masked under a thick layer of oil and salt.
I didn't realize this before, but 11th is the hippest street in Ctown. Lee How Fook is the first comtemporary style Chinese restaurant that I've ever been to and it's right at home nestled amongst Vietnam, Zen, and Yakitori Boy.

The decor mimics the dark wood, simple, clean look of Vietnam. They also have a cool, Asian American staff in case you're intimidated by those mostly Chinese speaking joints. The service was good too. I think they refilled my husband's water glass 3 times (at most Chinese restaurants you usually have to beg for water!)

I love that LHF has a hip style but still serves straight up Chinese food. My husband said the pan fried noodles here are his fave so far. My only critique is that the three dishes we ordered (beef with tofu and shrimp with greens) all came with a similar brown sauce. In comparison, I think Shiao Lan Kung has slightly better sauces, but the ambiance at LHF can't be beat.

Some Yelpers have commented that LHF is more expensive than other Ctown restaurants, but we felt like the prices were similar. The portions were definitely bigger though, so we finished with more leftovers than usual. Just one more reason why LHF is our new Ctown hot spot!
Lee How Fook is a great old school school restaurant in Chinatown near Vine st.,
They Has been around for as long as I can remember, serving up great traditional chinese food. L.H.F. is a small spot with a quaint dining room and a friendly,  experienced wait staff. I've been a longtime customer and they even reckonize my voice over the phone.
My favorite dishes are the salt baked spare ribs,  the fried chicken,  Clams in black bean sauce and the kung pao chicken. 
 Over the years I have never had a bad meal, or a bad dining experience or felt like I was overcharged. They do however have a loyal following and sometimes it is hard to get a seat.
 If you're looking for a good old traditional Chinese food this is your go to the spot.
Lee How Fook is a pleasant spot to dine with friends.  It's a BYOB and we sat around after dinner, finishing our wine without feeling rushed.  Service is good (by casual Chinese restaurant standards), but food is not so much.

THE GOOD NEWS:
Salt-baked squid is great.  Good texture, salty, tasty and fragrant.  4+ stars

Sauteed snow pea shoots (green leafy vegetables) are good.  I love snow pea leaves and there's nothing wrong with these! 3.5 stars

White rice: acceptable.  Not great, not fluffy, but edible and included with meal.

THE BAD NEWS:
Pan fried wide rice noodles (ho fun) with beef: so-so, mixed.  Noodles themselves are a good texture, and fried nicely, but beef is hard to eat: overcooked, hard pieces lacking in flavour.  I was surprised by how bad the beef was, since even the mediocre Chinese restaurants I'm used to will tenderize and season their beef adequately.  Lesson learned: Avoid the beef. 2 stars for the dish.

Szechuan eggplant is disappointing.  First of all, the flavour of this dish is not Szechuan at all.  Nor is it spicy.  Instead, it comes with something like a sweet and sour sauce -- and not a good one.  The texture of the eggplant was fine, tender and soft, but a disaster flavour-wise.  I normally love Chinese eggplant, but the flavour on this was such a turn-off that I didn't want to eat much of this dish.  To be avoided. 1 star.

Pork with mushrooms, bamboo shoots is again not something I'd want again.  Pork is overcooked, and lacked flavour.  The vegetable stuff in the dish is fine, nothing amazing, but nothing gone horribly wrong with it.  Avoid pork. 1.5 stars.

SUMMARY:
Could go back for salt-baked squid, snow pea leaves, and ho fun noodles, but I'd want to avoid anything with beef or pork.  Might need to avoid anything that requires flavouring (with sauces, slurries, etc.)  The simpler dishes seem to work best here, e.g. SQUID + SALT = yummy, GREENS + GARLIC = good.

I'm putting an optimistic spin on things -- partly because I had such a great time with friends here -- but frankly, it's pretty bad when a Chinese restaurant can neither manage a dish with more than 2 main ingredients, nor pull together an acceptable sauce when so many dishes depend on it.

General rating ends up around 2 stars: I've definitely had better.
Le How in the Fook do they get away with the name! Overshadowed by overrated Reading Terminal Eateries - Le How Fook provides a solid option for Chinese. I, Stevie J., am self-admittedly no expert on Asian food, but my fried dumplings, lo mein, and General Tsao ("dow," "sow," "tszoo," "zahow"...any help here is welcomed) were al very good. It's a little hole in the wall space that actually had people sitting down, which is quite uncommon for a Chinese place.
I just came back from a disenchanting dinner at Lee How Fook. My boyfriend wanted to take me there for a while and hyped it up as not being your typical chinese from the place down the street- meaning fresher ingredients and I assumed a more delicious taste. The ingredients did taste fresh, but this is the only time I can remember thinking fresh ingredients had a "funny" taste to them. Everything seemed to have an off/odd flavor..kind of like when something is made with bad oil.

Due to the hype and my boyfriend's appetite, I feel comfortable saying I sampled a fair share of the menu to determine whether I would eat there again. We had pan seared dumplings, which I didn't like at all becuase there was such an unappealing oil flavor. Wonton Soup, spring rolls, General Tso's Chicken and Yan Chow Fried Rice. The wrappers on the wontons in the soup were very thin and layered and the pork inside a very light color. The general tso's had to be the worst I've ever had, which is funny since I only ordered it because I thought it was a safe bet. It had a horrible flavor and the texture was even worse. My boyfriend didn't like it at all either, so we ended up sharing his Yan Chow rice. I liked the rice, actually, a lot but wished they would have cleaned the shrimp. 
 
The service really wasn't great- or even good for the matter of fact. Things were dropped on the table and forcefully arranged, my fork taken and not returned. There were a lot of people "working" there but no one seemed to be paying much attention to the guests. 

I'm not a raving chinese food fan, but good chinese is good chinese. I found it very strange that I found very little of what I ate there actually good based on all of the hype and awards they've won.
Only problem with this restaurant is that is closes a little earlier than most of the other Chinese places in the area. This coupled with the night owl tendencies of my group I usually barely make it in the door before closing. Otherwise they have the best Chinese food in the city.  Service is best I have had at any restaurant in Chinatown. Their hot and sour soup is be best in the city as well as their salt & pepper squid.
I've been to Lee How Fook multiple times in the last few years and although I've enjoyed it in the past, this time just didn't cut it.  First I'll start with the service.  We were seated & our orders taken promptly.  Our food pretty much came out all at once.  We then realized that they'd forgotten our appetizer.  The waitress never came back to check on us and we had all out entrees in front of us so we decided to let it go.  But still, they forgot our appetizer.  

Now for the food.  The pan fried noodles were, as usual, delicious. I also split an order of the salt baked squid/scallop/shrimp combo with my sister.  I had high hopes for this dish based on what I read but I was not impressed at all.  It was a very heavy dish.  If I hadn't known it was salt baked, I would have assumed it was fried.  It had a salty fried-tasting coating on it.  There was no sauce to dip it in and I just found it to be heavy & flavorless.  The one good part of the dish was the shrimp because once you peeled away the shell (and all the heavy coating along with it) it was pretty tasty.  

As for the ambience, it never bothered me in the past because I'd always recieved good food/decent service, however this time it just added insult to injury.  For one thing, there is no music at all.  Also, the place is starting to look run down.  I noticed several chairs with rips/stuffing showing and it just made the place feel shabby.  

Based on this past experience, I probably won't be returning to Lee How Fook.
This was a Christmas Dinner destination for a group of 7 of us this year.  My friend booked a large table in the back room which was great.  It was quiet and perfect for a lazy susan shared meal which we thoroughly enjoyed.  Fortunately a wine lover supplied us with good drink since we had forgotten about it being a BYOB.  Thank you David!

We decided to just order a lot of things with special longing for the hot pots, which some of my friends recommended.  The lamb hot pot was incredibly tasty and fresh. But really everything we order was excellent.  My one friend was set on something "bright orangey" colored in keeping with Chinese restaurant kitschy tradition and so Orange Chicken was ordered!  It was surprisingly good and meaty.  

This meal was a-typical for chinatown, in my opinion. It was a level higher in considering freshness and healthy fare.  It seemed less salty and more flavorful to me.  Im a new fan of Lee How Fook!
"Aaahoo!  Werewolves of London."  This was the famous line in the 1978 song by Warren Zevon.  Also in the lyrics was "He was looking for a place called Lee Ho Fook's.  Going to get himself a big dish of beef chow mein."  Warren spent some time in Philly and this is the place.  When Warren died in 2003 they were mobbed by fans.

So this is your basic hole-in-the-wall family owned Chinatown place.  It has about 10 tables.  The food is at least decent but mostly very good including the beef chow mein.  This is not a tourist place so don't expect fancy décor.  There can be sometimes be a bit of language barrier with the wait staff but it usually works out.

If you're in Chinatown it's definitely a place to try.
My best friend from home ravessssss about this place. So we went for her birthday dinner here (winter 2006). It  lives up to its hype. I am trying to go against the grain here but really I can't find anything wrong with it. 

Side Note: I hope you keep in mind that when I give these places its stars - they are getting graded, in my opinion, of the overall experience  and not being graded as a 5 star 5 diamond establishment.

We sat in the back area of the restaurant for large groups.
It's a private room with several tables and has a lazy susan in the middle of each table. 

Food really was delicious...so much so that I brought dear old sis here a few days later...

And we sat in the regular seating of the restaurant. It's small & no frills & clean. Service is efficient. Food is great.

As far as pricing goes - it's more "expensive" (i use that word loosely here) than other chinese restaurants. For instance, beef chow fun here would be $10, whereas at another chinese restaurant - it probably goes somewhere around $6-7. Speaking of beef chow fun - I attached a photo!
I have been coming to Lee How Fook for a very long time.  I've always enjoyed it, but recently, the food started tasting a little bland.  Then I  hear it's under new management.  I go there tonight and everything I normally get is back to being insanely delicious!  I always get the Crispy Tofu in Crabmeat Sauce, the Salt-baked Squid and the Fish Hot Pot.  And they were EXCEPTIONAL tonight!  The Salt-baked Squid is life-changing.  If you try this, calamari anywhere else will be ruined for you.  Now let me tell you about the Fish Hot Pot.  My brother (God rest his soul) was a steak man.  Nothing ever beat a steak in his book...that is until he tried the Fish Hot Pot.  The bok choy, the ginger, the mushrooms (oh the mushrooms) and the star of the show, the Chilean Sea Bass, it's all so amazing and delicious.  

Beside the food, the staff is super friendly.  And the owner?  She is one amazing person.  Beautiful with a smile that's inviting and pleasant on the eyes.  

Do yourself a favor and stop by.  I promise you will not be disappointed.
why all the love brothers and sisters?

we were four and ordered:

fried dumplings, just ok - not as good as mommas and not quite as good as mine;

fish fillet hong kong style - the fish was well cooked but small and the sauce was like what i make at home when i have no time and no ingredients;

fried oysters in black bean and chili sauce - disappointing, the sauce was too salty and the batter on the oysters was too thick and doughy - so the oysters were like meatball sized glops;

kung pao scallops - ok, better than panda express if you get my drift;

duck in lemon sauce - this reminded me of the food court favorite, the duck was fine though it would have been better if it was prepared in a way that some of the fat left the meat and it was literally swimming on a pond of lemon simple syrup that made me cringe inside (i.e. there was no real lemon)

the rice was kinda lacking, not good quality, and serving it in an open steel bowl means it gets cold fast

the tea was a combo chrysanthemum and jasmine, an easy but novel way to serve restaurant tea and not have to ask: jasmine or chrysanthemum? i give this a plus over the competitors.

service was mediocre, but, um, what do you expect from a chinese restaurant?
There is good and bad stuff at Lee How Fook. We really like the food here, its tasty and fresh . Lets get the bad out of the way. RESERVATIONS ARE USELESS!!! We made a reservation a month in advance and they gave it away 15 minutes before our reservation. Then they tried to make it our problem. The good, which may not compensate for their disorganization and attitude, is that the food is ok. Personally, when I have to wait with my pregnant wife and a bunch of kids for an inferior table I don't care how good the food might be. Unfortuneatly my wife wanted to eat here. I say NEVER AGAIN
Decent Chinese food at a reasonable price. BYOB 
Definitely not the best Chinese food I've had in Philadelphia but it's a close second. They have a very large menu selection with a variety of different Chinese cuisines. Cantonese/Pekingese/Sze Chuan...etc.

The restaurant itself is very small, however we didn't have to wait to be sat. Service was great, food was made quickly and tasted great. I like that they offered a variety of types of noodles for the noodle dishes (helps those of us who are gluten free). The portions are also huge! We had plenty of left overs to take home. 

Great place to go with friends without breaking the bank.
There food was sooooooooooo good!! SALT BAKED SEAFOOD WAS THE BEST !!! 

A must go place! The environment was so cozy and the staff were really nice! 

Overall a good first experience with the Lee How Fook family!

Well definitely come back for more!

My friend who introduced me to the place said literally everything on the menu is delicious so I'll slowly but surely try them all~!
I'm going to be straight up you guys, their pan fried dumplings are some of the best I have ever had from any place in any city. If you're sitting at home and looking for a good quarantine order, I HIGHLY suggest these. I also suggest getting around 4 orders of them, they're are truly that good.
The young guys who wait tables are very nice, the food is just ok.  

The are very nice about accommodating special requests, but the shu mai were just barealy ok, the sauce on the chow fun was very salty and the fish was overcooked.

Look, if this place were in State College it would be great and they turn the tiny room over very fast, but you can do so much better in the general vicinity.

One good point - it's on the edge of Chinatown so parking is a little bit easier, and its right by the cop shop so your car might be a bit safer...
WOW!  This place is the ish!  I've passed this place a million times as it's on an awesome block of places to eat, but I've never been in.  Wow! 

I had the salt baked squid and split an order of dumplings to start.  The dumplings had the best taste and texture.  They were so delicious.  So was the salt baked squid.  It melted in my mouth. 

My dining companion had a hot pot with abalone and something else in it.  It was delivered to the table still bubbling and simmering.  I was so jealous. It looked and smelt delicious.   Supposedly, it's not as good as it looks but still very good.  I didn't have a chance to taste it though. 

I can not wait to go back and try a hot pot.
good chinese food, not the best but it's up there.

not the biggest restaurant, but the service was wonderful.

egg drop soup: decent, could use a bit more seasoning. a big portion so def share

hot pot fish: this was probably the best dish of the night. seasoned very well and the fish was cooked well

shrimp lo mein: least favorite dish. the noodles were way over cooked.

orange chicken: i personally liked the tanginess of this dish and thought it was breaded well but the pieces of the chicken were questionable. they weren't full big pieces of chicken like i'm used to, a lot of little pieces.

overall, it'll satisfy your craving of chinese food but i'm still on the lookout for my favorite chinese in the city
One of my biggest quarantine cravings has been Hong Kong-style Cantonese food. While there's plenty of Cantonese joints in Chinatown, not many are open and have delivery during these 'Rona times.

Fortunately I came across Lee How Fook on DoorDash. I placed an order of Beef Chow Fun and Pan Fried Noodles with Pork. The order arrived way ahead of schedule and the food was deeeelectable. 

They have a pretty extensive menu so I'm looking forward to ordering more from them whenever the cravings return and if I know myself enough, they'll be back by the weekend.
I quit eating Chinese take out years ago, mostly because I've found that normally I would find a menu shoved in my door jam and I would order and it would be all good and fine and then one day I would actually see the place I ordered from and want to hurl.  Lee How Fook has brought Chinese food back into my life and I could not be more grateful! I'm a huge fan of the family style, but really I've only been to this place with one or two other people but it works anyway. My friend and I split and order of pan fried pork dumplings, chicken fried rice and general tso's and it was literally like $16 bucks.  A ton of really delicious food for not a lot of money.  I have heard rave reviews about the hot and sour soup, and I see there are some on here as well so it's also got that going for it.  I've also ever been in the lunch crowd and it isn't typically slammed, so for a sit down meal, you're out of there in like 30 minutes, maybe a little more. I've always had a positive waitstaff experience. The one thing I will say is that I was a little bothered one day when i saw our waitress with a giant pile of pork (in the dining room mind you) stuffing dumplings for the dinner rush...... Then again there was nothing particularly unsanitary about  it so I just let it roll....

I can't wait for my next heaping bowl of fried rice (boring but AWESOME!) 4 starts for filling my tummy!
Here, just like everybody and their mama, I'm gonna let yez know that the salt baked squid is very good: light, crispy, tender, and yeah, salty... all at once. Taking bites of squidward with shredded green onion and hot pepper slices are good bites, that's rights. They're good bites paired with a cold beer, if you remembered to bring em. BYOB.

The pan fried noodles weren't as tasty and toothy as the last time we slurped em, however. The addition of hot chili oil helped a bit. Oddly, they were much better cold the next day. See, so they were still good enough to take home with us. 

By the way, the only Werewolves of London reference I made at the table wasn't obvious enough, I guess... "I hear that a little old lady got mutilated late last night." Everyone just seemed quite concerned instead. Well, that's what I get, aaahoooo.
My mother and I were in Philly for my birthday. I am a Chinese food lover and I decided that I wanted Chinese food. We took a shot in the dark and bam! The food was great. The Chow Fun was great and the OMG the pan fried noodle with seafood was great. I highly recommend that you come here.
I ordered walnut shrimp through Caviar. Food arrived fast. It comes with rice. The shrimps are big and fresh. Lightly breaded and not greasy. The mayonnaise sauce is a perfect complement for the dish. It's not too sweet. The walnut isn't hard. Broccoli is fresh and perfectly cooked. Definitely recommend this dish
3.5 for food, 4 for service/cleanliness/ambience/pricing

Setting: I came with my parents from out of town for lunch
Ambience: Quiet restaurant right around noon with clean tables and 2 other families already seated and eating happily

Service: Pretty quick/efficient with getting food onto the tables

Food:
Dim sum menu for lunch everyday - somewhat limited compared to the other dim sum restaurants, but $2.99 for each dish

Feng guo - soft texture, kind of bland taste - dim sum menu $2.99

Jiajiangmian - Nice and salty, with a skinny noodle - average taste

Salt baked squid - which the staff highly recommended - is actually nicely salted, good texture, packing flavorful bites

Snowpeas - can't go wrong! my go-to Chinese green dish $12.95

BBQ Pork / Duck - Canto style cuts of meat - the Pork is a little bit thicker sliced than the area restaurants, a bit more earthy tones and a nice fragrance overall. The duck was fine - salty/saucey

Tips/Takeaways:
-A quieter Chinese restaurant with a cleaner atmosphere just outside the major hustle/bustle of Chinatown
-Would recommend return: I would re-order the snowpeas, BBQ pork, and definitely recommend the salt baked squid
-Not a huge fan of the jiajiangmian and feng guo
I was looking for some Chinese comfort food during my recent visit to Philadelphia and Lee How Fook was a delightful find on the edge of Chinatown. I have to admit, the picture on Yelp of the dry-style chow fun (gwon-chow-gnow-haw) didn't hurt... 

The restaurant has some pretty authentic selections as far as Hong Kong/Cantonese cuisine, at least I could understand most of what was being said behind the revolving door leading to the kitchen. Aside from the two of us, there was another Asian family of 3 that we were seated next to, and the rest of the parties in the restaurant were Caucasian. I would have to agree with Ramen F. and say that the ambiance is not as intimidating as a hole-in-wall place with ducks hanging in the window would be to beginners. The waiters all speak English and the menu is bilingual, all things that help to make the environment more friendly. The caveat is that they also have a "Chinese" menu with additional dishes that we recognized and could order from... 

The half order of Peking Duck surprised me in a couple of ways. First of all, if this was really Peking Duck, then I wasn't very impressed. The Peking Duck that I'm used to has a crispy skin which is prized and is usually served with steamed buns and hoisin sauce. The duck that we had was more like ordinary roast duck, the presentation was a bit low-key. Now, it's possible that we ordered roast duck instead of Peking Duck, I'm going by the online menu to help me write this review and I don't remember if we ordered one or the other. It would behoove those who can tell the difference to ask the waiter what they are getting. In any case, the duck tasted alright as long as it was just roast duck... 

The Flavored Beef Brisket Hot Pot (gnow-nom-faw-bow) was very good, everything that I was looking for as far as comfort food. The beef is of a lesser cut but is braised until the flavors of the ginger, garlic, and scallions are all melded together with the meat into a delightful stew. Eat this with a lapping bowl of steamed rice and you get a delicious beef bowl... 

We needed some sort of green vegetable to balance out all of the meat so we also ordered some Sauteed Chinese Broccoli (hong-gneen-guy-lon) to go with our dishes. The broccoli stalks were crisp but not chewy, and the dark leaves had a slight mustard taste, just as they should. The oyster sauce is thick and sweet, and serves to offset the flavor of the leaves somewhat. I thought the quality was pretty fresh...

I thought the prices were very reasonable... 

We walked away, satisfied and food happy; glad to have found this oasis of Cantonese cuisine during our vacation...
Visited this venerable location in Chinatown for the first time since the arrival of their new chef. I had a simple lunch of dumplings and wonton soup. The soup was much larger than I expected, and was made with a pork both rather than chicken. The wonton were fresh and the dough was not too thick. The dumpling were pan fried, and quite flavorful though I would have preferred more ginger. Overall good but not great.
I have been here 4 times in the last 3 weeks. It's THAT good! Ask for Emily. You MUST order the shrimp dumplings and use the Signature Sauce. Love the Udon noodles. 

No lie...I dream about the shrimp dumplings.
I go here a lot. This long review was a long time coming. Let's start with the appetizers.

1. salt baked squid: Lee How Fook is back on top with the #1 best tasting salt baked squid in Philly. There was a moment earlier this year that I thought they lost it, but it may have just been a bad day for the cook. Last night, they cooked it perfectly. It's not listed as an appetizer, but we always order it as one.

2. pork soup dumplings: The have pork soup dumplings now - recently added to the menu. When my partner and I saw it, we knew we needed to try theirs out. The meat part was good and I appreciated that the breading was thin, but they definitely need to ass more soup to it. I feel like I barely had any soup and it was just another regular dumpling. From the little sip of soup that was there, it tasted pretty good. I hope they update it since they are trying new things. 

3. shumai (Cantonese): The shumai is always good here. They did update the recipe earlier this year and it tasted like they added mushrooms to it. No complaints here, it still tastes great. 

4. BBQ roast pork: The one thing I tried in the past that I really didn't like was the BBQ roast pork. It was suuuuper dry and not very tasty. 

5. crispy shrimp roll: Tried the crispy shrimp roll - newly added earlier this year. It is good, but it is a lot of breading. It makes sense for the recipe, so I think it might just be me and my partner who don't like a lot of breading. 

6. lettuce wrap chicken: Honestly, if you want a healthy option with no carbs, this is it. It's nothing special, but it tastes good and it's the healthiest you'll get. They give you quite a lot so sometimes I actually just order this to-go for my lunch. 

7. You can't go wrong with any of the steamed dumplings - chicken, pork, vegetable, or shrimp. These dumplings were a staple in my home. Don't forget to add the dumpling sauce (it's labeled "special sauce" on the table if you eat there). 

Overall Favorite Appetizers: 
Shumai
Salt baked squid 

******
Main dishes:
1. bean curd with sweet and spicy garlic sauce: Overall, this tastes very good. I love that the bean curd is crispier and not just soft jello in this dish (a personal preference). The sauce has a hint of pineapple to it that I love. I don't get this all the time though because I tend to like things with a more subtle amount of sauce since I don't tend to eat rice and can't wipe some of the sauce away on the rice. 

2. general tso's bean curd: This dish is too ridiculously drenched in sauce. Even if you are eating it with rice. And the bean curd breading just turns to jello with all the sauce. I'm not a fan of this dish. I know these dishes aren't going to be healthy for you, but this makes me feel like I'm making my body endure a lot for nothing. 

3. Chinese crispy fried chicken: It's exactly how my grandma used to make it with a hint of lemon. Might be the nostalgia, but I can't say anything else about it. 

4. peking duck bao buns: I don't usually like duck, but in their bao bun dish with the sauce, it's good. I recommend this dish for those who don't like to eat large portions of duck.

5. jumbo shrimp with walnuts: This is so bad for you with the mayonnaise and breading, but it tastes so good. This is something you order during a "treat yourself" type of night.

6. vegetable dishes: The only ones I ever really care about are Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, sautéed baby bok choy, and sautéed eggplant. You can't go wrong with any of those. These vegetables were also a staple in my home. 

7. seafood hotpot with bean curd: This is a great dish to share. There's no noodles, it's just straight up soup and seafood (scallops, shrimp, crawfish, squid) with some bean curd. You definitely want to pair it with more subtle or sweeter tasting dishes because it is pretty salty after eating it for awhile. 

8. shrimp fried rice: It's exactly the name. And it's just good.

9. pan fried noodles with mixed seafood and roast pork: Also exactly the name. Also just so good. For those who don't know, "pan fried" is the crispier noodle, but still doused in sauce.

Overall Favorite Dishes:
Shrimp fried rice 
Pan fried noodles with mixed seafood and roast pork
Seafood hotpot with bean curd 

******
It's so fun coming here and eating family style with friends and family. But it's also just as good of a date night. BYOB. 

Big groups: yes, you can make reservations online and, I believe, over the phone. There is even a party room in the back that you can reserve. They also do catering, listed online.

Why do I go here so much? 1. I live in the area. 2. It's been my partner's favorite restaurant in Chinatown since he was a kid.
I've been coming here since the days when it was still run by the previous generation.  If this was not the first restaurant my kids went to, it was one of them anyway.  We loved it then-- it was a little boisterous and it didn't matter if the kids were not quiet the whole time.  And the service was fast so we could finish before the kids fell apart.

Those kids (mine) are 18 now, and we still all go there from time to time when we can all be together.

Its the same fantastic place.  The food is A+.  The "everything" hot pot, the salt baked squid, chicken fried rice, pork dumplings (fried and steamed), Buddha delight roll are all just great.  Also the pan fried noodles with chicken.  The whole fish in black bean sauce is a special treat.

The people who work here are like old friends at this point; I don't know their names, or much about them, but we always enjoy seeing each other!
Not the fanciest decor, but friendly service and the best pan fried noodles with chicken I have ever had anywhere; the noodles are great and the greens are very flavorful and the chicken is good. The shredded chicken version isn't as good, so make sure you don't get that version when ordering.

They have a separate back section for private/larger parties as well. They don't serve booze, but can accomodate you if you bring something.

Parking can be a little bit of challenge like elsewhere in Chinatown, but you had the added issue of the police department being right down the street. It is worth it though, as the food (whether eat in or take out) has always been worth it.
If you are looking for a place to go with a group of friends, I HIGHLY recommend Lee How Fook. You know how sometimes you go to dinner with a large (10-12) group of friends, and you end up sitting at a big rectangular table and don't get to talk to people sitting on the other side of the table? Well this place has big square tables so you can enjoy the company of ALL your friends while at dinner. Also, in the middle is a lazy susan which helps in the sharing of food and wine and beer (did I mention this restaurant is BYO!!) With 12 people in our group I was able to sample a number of things on the menu - and everything I had was great. Best of all, the bill came to only 20 bucks a person! (including a generous tip). Can't beat that!!!
So when I read Craig Laban's review saying that this place had great Chinese hot pots, I thought they'd be the traditional Chinese hot pots with the electric pot with broth and sliced meats and veggies that you could cook at the table...not an actual clay 'hot pot' with sizzling meats/veggies in it.   I ordered the asparagus and chicken and had my friend order the chicken and mushroom hot pot since Laban said those were never to disappoint.   Well..I found them disappointing.  They were typical Chinese restaurant dishes with a thick starchy/gooey sauce.  There was nothing exciting about them...the only thing that stood out was that they were served in a sizzling clay pot.  There are many more delicious 'hole in the wall' places in Chinatown that are way better than this place.
Do you have one of those friends who you love, but they are always talking? When they aren't forming sentences there are still noises and words just filling the air? Bring them here. Why? Because I know one of those people and this is the type of place where you will find them silent because they literally will be so focused on the delicious food that they can't keep talking. 

Another 3 reasons to get yourself here: 
- They can fully accommodate gluten free and dairy free needs. I know, it might not matter to you, but for those of us that need it. This is pure delight. Everything is made to order including their sauces! 
- Traditional Cantonese with one of the largest menus without sacrificing quality that I've seen in years. "It is a whole book" - my dining partner who never stops talking. She was not wrong.
- The food was literally delicious... you know when you keep eating because it tastes so you good you can't stop. Well for those of us that took leftovers, it was under the verbalized understanding that they would be consumed before they made it to the fridge. 

I wish I could drop this spot into my own backyard, but for now - I will just try to get there anytime I am in the city.
The chicken with ginger and scallions was an excellent classic Cantonese dish. It wasn't too heavy. The flavor as is was under seasoned. So add sauce or salt. That will elevate it.

But the chicken breast was well-velveted. The ginger and scallions was extremely flavorful. And the portion was generous. I enjoyed this meal.
This place is a hidden gem in chinatown.

Maybe I'm biased because of all the fond memories, but Lee How Fook was one of my favorite places in chinatown. A great date-night location for starving philly students :) Also I found the service to be outstanding, but maybe that's partly because they knew me since I went so much and were always super friendly to me. 

I took a lot of out-of-town guests here and also came here with friends and my boyfriend at that time (now husband :) 

Portions are very generous and delicious. My favorite dish was the seafood fried rice. But I've tried a number of the seafood dishes including the hot pot, and all of it was delicious. Chicken with pineapple was delicious as well. 

It's a little small, so it's always given me an intimate feel. 

This place is BYOB, so make sure you bring a bottle of wine or a few beers.
Our group of 5 tried Lee How Fook for the first time today and all I can say is, "wow."  Each dish that we tried was more delicious than the last.

The dining room is very small, although it looks like there might be a banquet room on the other side of the kitchen.  Two servers were easily able to handle the space.

Every table is served tea to begin their meal.  Even though it is an entree, we got the salt baked seafood trio - shrimp, squid, and scallops - as an appetizer along with the pork buns.  I think the shrimp was the best part of the trio and the dish lived up to its name - SALTY but delicious.  The pork buns were awesome

For entrees we got pork noodle soup, General Tso's chicken, seafood fried rice, and Triple Delight Black Pepper Hot Pot.  It was all delicious and well plated, but the Hot Pot was especially excellent and unique.

Parking, as expected, is in short supply - a condition that is exacerbated here by all of the "authorized vehicles only" spaces that are taken up due to the restaurant's proximity to a police precinct house.  There are no shortage of restaurant options in Chinatown, but a visit to Lee How Fook is worth your time!
General tip - this is a good restaurant to take non-Asians to because it is well kept and the servers all speak English well.  The food is "authentic" and delicious, yet not terrifying for beginners.

Ambiance:  This is one of the more well kept small restaurants in Chinatown.  Small dining room, so make a reservation on a weekend night.  The tables are pretty close, but not as close as many Chinatown restaurants (having you share tables as the extreme example).  They have a banquet room in the back (not as nicely maintained...and you have to bring your party through that creepy alley to get to banquet entrance).

Service:  The servers are accommodating.  Service does not impress me nor upset me.  The dining room is small so it is not hard to get a server's attention when necessary.  Once I was with a large party on a weekend night and the waitress told us that we were taking too long to eat and would have to hurry up and leave, so that was a great annoyance - but I didn't let it stop me from coming.

Food:  The food is consistently good.  I really like the hot pot dishes (I would recommend the one from the specialties list) and beef ho fun.  I have not been let down by their other selections.  The price is a little higher than some less maintained (read-rundown) Chinatown places, but I think it is worth it.  This is my go to restaurant when entertaining friends that want to eat in Chinatown, but don't know what it is to have dinner "Chinatown style".  Remember - it is BYOB!

Overall:  I recommend it.  While none of the dishes will blow your skirt up, they will make you do a happy food dance.
Every bite of every dish was delicious here at Lee how fook. We had 8 people and sat around a circle table woth a lazy susan for an afternoon lunch. The food came out one at a time and not in the order we were expecting but because everything was so good nothing mattered. I am not kidding when I report that everything was perfect. A crowd favorite was the orange beef. It was slightly spicy and extremely flavorful. The beef was tender and simply delicious. I have raved about the salted squid before and some new comers were eager to try it. We ordered squid and shrimp and we were not disappointed. The delicious crispness or the salty shell with Shredded scallions is fantastic. I think I ate too much but I couldn't help myself. We shared a Buddha eggroll that was huge and cut up into several pieces served alongside with hot mustard and duck sauce it was a delicious vegetarian option. The flat noodles and fried rice and tofu dish were all spot on. I highly recommend trying this simple spot. There is not atmosphere but nothing matters when the dishes come out you will not be disappointed. Can't wait to go back. Also try their chicken corn soup, I had seconds.
Ok, let me preface this by saying that the only knock I had on this place was the fact that we were treated differently than the other (non-white) restaurant goers, and that made me feel a bit unwelcome.  We weren't treated poorly...the hostess and the waiter (all 14 years of him) were very short and to the point with us while being very open and friendly with the Chinese clientele.  Oh well.

The food was fantastic.  Every dish was superb.  The tea was excellent.  The black bean chicken was tender, the beef and snow peas, perfectly spicy.  The egg rolls were crispy and the filling delish.

This place would have easily received 5 stars if not for what I perceived as different treatment (my guests all confirmed the same).  I'll return again, as the Zen House is right up the road and I love that place, too.
Worst. Service. Ever. 

We got sat in the other section of the restaurant (in the back) and holy moly; words cannot describe the feeling I had from sitting there for 30 minutes before a person decided to show up. The service that we originally had came once and I picked up in the fact that she wouldn't again come back if we didn't order when and if she came. When she did come, we told her without hesitation that we were going to order. She said "I forgot my pen". Turned around never to be seen again... Wut. 

We had to wait again for 15 minutes before seeing another person whom finally took our order. On the word of my friend who said the food was descent, I was willing to give the food a chance. 

Bad choice. 

Food was really bland, small quantity, and terribly seasoned on some. Literally didn't have a good thing coming out of this restaurant. I love Chinatown and I've been there countless times. I was wondering why I never heard of this place... I guess I know why. 

Never going back; I usually give a place two visits before reviewing but oh my goodness... I'm scarred. I highly DO NOT recommend this place.
Out of all my 5-star reviews so far, Lee How Fook is probably the most deserving.  Bar none the best food in Chinatown.  It's more along the lines of traditional Chinese food rather than the Americanized version.  Fast, efficient service.  Great for a date, dinner with a few friends, or a big group.

Standout dishes: beef ho fun with gravy, SALT BAKED SQUID, triple delight hot pot, lychee duck.  God I'm hungry now!!
Hands down one of my favorite places to eat in China Town! The food is always tasty and the variety is crazy! They serve your typical Chinese American dishes as well as the authentic dishes! My family and I come here almost every sunday when I'm in town! We get a big order of steamed dumplings followed by some big noodle dishes and the standard soup and duck/veggies dishes. This place has the best salt baked three treasures, battered and fried shrimp, scallops, and squid! It's super salty and savory and a bit pricey but well worth the price. Ive been to so many places and ordered it, but this place serves THE BEST one. The other go to dishes here are the Beef Chow Fun with gravy which always has the right amount of wok hei (wok heat) which gives it the intense flavor it has, which seriously lacks at other establishments. The Hong Kong pan fried noodles here are always good too, the noodles are nice and thin, not some crazy thick dried noodles. Definitely one of the best authentic places to go to in China Town with a polite staff!
This is one of our favorite Chinese restaurant in Philadelphia. Their menu  has a wide selection dishes for all even for vegetarians. I have brought all my friends here and quickly became everyone's favorite as well. 

Our favorite dishes are the salt baked dishes especially salt baked seafood and pork. We love their dumplings. My husband must have his beef and pan fried noodles. 

This is not a huge place and the main dining room fills up quickly especially on the weekends. They do have a banquet room in the back that they opened up when their main dining room is pack. We already threw a banquet dinner in this restaurant and it was very reasonable. They even accommodate our friends who are vegetarian. The service is always good even at their most busiest days. It is a BYOB.
I'm always trying to steer my friends to eat Chinese food in Chinatown. Just because it's so close and that much better.  Though it's more on the American side, I loved LHF for these reasons:

1) I love dining family style. 14 of us spun 16 plates of delicious food on a lazy susan for about $15 a person, and we were all stuffed! 

2) The place is BYOB! We happily went through about 6 bottles of wine that night in preparation for Karaoke. Fabulous! 

3) For meat eaters, there's lots of animals to choose from - duck, chicken, beef, squid, abalone, shrimp, pork, clams, lobster, etc...

4) The private room is great for groups. The tables seat 12 people, comfortably, but we squeezed some more at the corners. Otherwise, you can ask for them to push the tables together. That means 2 lazy susans! (can you tell that i love lazy susans?)
Lee How Fook was wildly disappointing last night.

After a day at the Midtown Village Fall Festival, our group of four decided to keep walking north and feed our hungry bellies with some quality Chinese food. Four stars on Yelp, 50 reviews, and a packed house ensured a good meal (or so we thought).

Vegetarian steamed dumplings were very good, as was a very simple dish of lo mein with ginger and scallions. The vegetables in the Buddha's Delight were extremely fresh, green and crisp, but that is where the praises end.

"Chef Specialty" scallops with cashew nuts was rubbery all around and extremely bland. Nuts tasted stale and scallops lacked any flavor whatsoever. Chicken with asparagus and black pepper hot pot tasted ONLY like pepper, and the chicken had a texture that made me think it had been previously frozen. Szechwan eggplant came to the table and I wondered, "who ordered wings?" The eggplant was mush that tasted like it had been marinating in Frank's hot sauce. 

When I asked the waiter what made the eggplant specifically "Szechwan," as it was not what we were expecting, he said half-laughing, "I have no idea-- I'm not the chef, I'm just a server." No offering to find out, no explanations of the dish whatsoever. 

Fook you, dude.
Definitely one of my favorite Chinese places in the city. I have been going for many years and it's never disappointed. 

Something not to miss are the soups for two - there are multiple interesting and delicious options. The duck soup is great as well as the chicken and vegetables. They are rich and satisfying. 

I usually always get the same entree because it is so tasty - beef with black bean sauce and pan fried noodles. The beef and chinese greens are done perfectly and the egg noodles are buttery and satisfying. One order is enough for at least two and possibly three meals, depending on how hungry you are, so be prepped for leftovers.

It's BYOB and inexpensive. Gets very crowded on weekend eveningsl. So worth it!
This review is for Delivery only. I had food delivered from Lee How Fook. Unfortunately the food was disappointing, ranging from okay to lacklustre.

For the food report, I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:

*** Snow pea leaves: ok
*** Sea bass fillet Hongkong style: this was quite a small portion
*** Roast duck Appetizer: ok but not great
**^ Sauteed asparagus: more soggy than sauteed
**^ Sauteed watercress with preserved bean curd: watercress was too coarse & there was no preserved bean curd taste at all
*^ Szechuan eggplant: not great, the eggplant was the wrong texture, kinda spongy
*^ Kung pao scallops: not much scallops
** Vegetarian vegetable dish: had broccoli, napa cabbage, bamboo shoot, baby corn. This may have been Buddha Delight, but I'm unsure, since this was not the dish I intended to order. At any rate, it was a fairly basic dish
This is literally a hole in the wall and it is so worth a visit!! The food is about as fresh and authentic as you get in Chinatown and the service is fast. The menu is overwhelming with the number of options, but you really can't go wrong with anything here. 

The atmosphere is great. It's a small place, so it feels intimate and like you are in your grandma's kitchen. The crab rangoon appetizer was delicious! It was made differently than any other place I have been to, but it was obvious that it was freshly homemade. I got the crispy, fried noodles and I was not disappointed - flavorful and also fresh.

The only thing I would advise is to go earlier in the evening before the main dinner rush, because as the night went on it got fuller and fuller.
Throughout COVID we have been especially impressed by the safety measures taken in Chinatown.  
 
But tonight it was clear that LHF is a dangerous mess: a combination of customers being reckless and a business that doesn't care. 

6-7 men waiting for their much-delayed and confused orders, huddled close together behind tables that serve as barriers trying to ask how mine the wait will be. Overwhelmed woman unable to answer the crowd. 

No one tells the crowd to break up and exit the restaurant. A perfect set up for viral spread. 

Four women with masks pulled down to their necks working in the kitchen. 

So disappointing.
Another Chinatown BYOB well-kept secret! 

Our group ordered one dish each and shared the wealth - we also tried the much talked about Salt Baked Squid! This interesting dish is featured in the seafood section, which I feel is a bit misleading because it's most definitely more of an appetizer. I don't think one person could sit and eat this dish on their own simply because it is so true to its name! It's definitely a unique taste worth experiencing, but I would say it's best for a group of 3 or 4 to share!

The Triple Delight with Black Pepper Hot Pot was excellent - it's chicken, beef, & scallops with string beans. Also tasty was the Ma Po Tofu and the Duck with Black Bean Sauce. Hands down winner of the evening however, was definitely the Pan Fried Noodle with Shredded Pork - heavenly! 

The servers are really nice, and you can tell that everything is made fresh because it takes just the right amount of time for your meal to come out of the kitchen. There are so many dishes we're excited to try during our next visit!
It has been a few years since I had been to Lee How Fook. It is still as great as it always was. Hot & sour soup is great. The salt-baked squid makes it worth the trip into the city.
This is an easy pick for best Chinese BYO in Philly, and it's definitely a contender for all around best Chinese. The beauty of the place, at least for young people, is in the family-style dining. For a friend's birthday, we reserved a big table in the back of the restaurant. There were almost ten of us, I think, and we ordered about five appetizers (you'd be a fool not to try the pork dumplings) and one entree for everyone at the table. The "hot pots" are pretty big deal at Lee How Fook, but they also do all the straightforward Hong Kong, Szechuan and Cantonese classics as well as any place I know.

And as I mentioned, you can bring your own bottle to the restaurant; a lot of folks bring quite a few bottles. If you haven't BYO'd a lot, I think it might be the best thing going in this city on a Friday or Saturday night, especially if you have a good group of friends to bring along. In the back room banquet area, my friends and I put away a number of decent and not-so-decent wines before the night was up, and I think the other two or three dinner parties in the room matched us bottle for bottle. See, to me, drinking and eating makes a lot of sense; drinking and dancing -- that's always seemed like a dumb idea in my mind.

I haven't been back to Lee How Fook in a while, but, man, after writing this review, I'm thinking of getting on the phone, rounding up the gang, and heading down there tomorrow.
I've been coming to Lee How Fook for Chinese cuisine with my family since I was in utero, so I'm naturally a fan. There have been many "up and down" years since the son-in-law took over the ownership over 10 years ago, but I just had an excellent meal here last weekend so I felt the need to write a positive review. I can't wait to go back! This is not your suburban neighborhood Chinese joint. Stick with the classics: (thin skin) wonton soup, pan fried dumplings, SALT BAKED SCALLOPS (I know a lot of people have given positive reviews to the salt baked squid, which I cannot eat, but the salt baked scallops are out of this world), pan fried noodles with beef and black bean sauce, chinese broccoli. I send all of my friends here with this menu and they always give rave reviews. Last Saturday I ate at Lee How Fook and everything was spot-on delicious. Service was quick and really friendly too. I will be returning again and again.
Pretty Americanized and didn't see any other Asian patrons there besides us, but happy with the meal overall. Deducted one star because the meal was a bit oily and I asked for pork belly specifically in Chinese (I didn't read it on the menu but asked if they had it, to which they said yes), but they gave me another pork dish instead.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown.  As other reviews have mentioned, there is no ambiance to speak of, but I typically go with a group of 4-6, so we have no trouble creating our own.  

The pan fried noodles are so good that I have to order them every time: crispy but not hard, saucy, and super-tasty.  On my most recent visit I ordered pan fried noodles with chicken, and they gave a choice of veggies (Chinese broccoli or... something else, I forget what.  Spoiler alert: I picked the Chinese broccoli).  The chicken was perfectly tender and tasted really fresh; the cb was also great.  

Another dish I can't miss is the salt baked scallops.  I can't even explain why they're so good... they just are.  I suppose if you don't like salt, you won't like them.  I would definitely get these instead of the salt baked shrimp (which has the shell on under the coating) or the salt baked squid (personal preference... there are some parts of squid that are too creepy-looking to eat).  Keep in mind that there is no sauce on this dish, so make sure you get something else that is saucy or soupy.   (The chow fun with black bean sauce looked super saucy.)  

Speaking of which, they have a great variety of soups, from the standard wonton and hot&sour to the more adventurous crabmeat and asparagus or chicken and creamed corn.  

Oh, PS: pretty sure they still have an arrangement with the bubble tea place down the street, if you're so inclined.  In winter, I'll stick with the plentiful hot tea.
I've never eaten bad Chinese food in Philly, unlike in other major cities with high concentrations of Chinese people. This city is the only one to have a 100% score with me. And Lee How Fook (easy to mess up those words, watch out!) has some goodies available. On my visit, I had to get some roasted duck, and I got a side of vegetable fried rice. As you can see, they gave me some hot sauce, OK, that is legit Chinese food. No complains, better get it while is hot!

Service is friendly, people are friendly, prices are good, parking is a few blocks away, it's all good.
Got solid take out from this restaurant. I love that you can pay with Venmo or cash as it makes payment touches and convenient! Per everyone's prior recommendations we got the salt bake squid. It was crispy and the medley of peppers atop made this fish delicious. I also got beef chow fun, which is my personal favorite dish. It was good but didn't quite have the high heat of caramelized noodles I like from high heat woks. Overall solid 4 stars and would return for takeout.
Best Chinese. Try the chefs selection fish or the hot pot. We always have a great time here, whether as a couple, with family, or with friends - there is something for everyone. They have the traditional - whole roast duck or fish, which takes extra time to prepare, but is well worth the wait . The soup is also really tasty. I always go away full and satisfied, and enjoying a lovely evening.
Hello, Tiny!

Place is super small with what feels like a family waitstaff. Think 15 year old  daughter seating you, etc. Made me smile.

The food was good and not greasy which is pretty impressive for Chinese food. I know I should say more but honestly the most impressive thing to me was that the things that were fried were crispy delicious without being oily. Sold.
Small restaurant. If you want to sit within 2 feet of someone else, than this is the restaurant for you.  Awful service. Wasn't asked once how our food was and everytime we asked for something it was a chore for them. Food was pretty bad itself. If I wasn't drinking wine before and starving, probably would have given it a 1. Got General Tso's which was more like sweet and sour chicken. Not spicy at all. Also got Triple Delight which was very unflavorful and not that good at all. Luckily only spent $9 each because of the groupon but definitely wont be going back.
My son and I made a stop here (we were in town from Texas) and left impressed. The service here is as polite and efficient as can be and the food ain't too shabby either.

We stopped in during a non-rush hour time and were treated like a million bucks. Not sure the server believed me when I said we traveled from Texas to eat at Lee How Fook, but she at least humored us when my son asked if they served a big bowl of beef chow mein. (Poor woman. As if she hasn't heard that a thousand times.)

Bottom line: We shared the Salt Baked Squid and really liked it. A little on the chewy side but what the hell? It tasted divine. He ordered the Kung Po Lobster (made with langoustines) and was quite taken with its nice balance of savory and spiciness. I had the Szechuan Eggplant and was also pleased. As another reviewer mentioned, the sauce for the eggplant is on the sweet side though and not what I'd consider Szechuan. Thankfully, the condiments at the table helped alleviate that issue.

Excellent restaurant in every way. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town.
Lee How Fook is my favorite chinese restaurant EVER! It's because it's the BEST of the BEST and I have tried A LOT of Chinese restaurants. Anything I have ever tried from their menu, and I have tried soooo many menu items, have been delicious! The owner and all of the cooks and waitresses are SO nice and friendly and remember your order when you come often. It's such a chill place but it can get very busy because everyone loves it! Please come and eat hear and have an experience of a lifetime! One of my favorite items is the beef fried rice, check out the picture!
I was pleasantly surprised by Lee How Fook. During my visit to Philadelphia in order to prep for moving there, my fiancee and I decided on this place for our last night of dinner because she was dying to try the Lamb Casserole after I had mentioned it to her. Myself, I was interested in trying scallops for the first time in a "safe dish", which meant that the Triple Delight Hot Pot sounded right for me. 

The service was prompt and typical of a Chinese place, which I happen to like a great deal. The bathroom was clean and the environment was cozy. I didn't realise that we were getting a big bowl of white rice, so I ordered the vegetable fried rice to share, which came out first. This was some of the best fried rice I've ever had in my entire life. The vegetables were delicious and plentiful and the egg was mixed in perfectly.  The white rice was also nice and moist. 

The Triple Delight Hot Pot came out boiling in a clay pot. I think this adds a lot to the presentation factor of the dish. Within the dish was plentiful amounts of chicken, onions, string beans/green beans, and other vegetables. Lesser was the beef and scallops; however, there was enough there to satisfy me. Everything was fresh and tasteful, but I would suggest eating the scallops sooner than later because the dish continues cooking and the scallops will end up being a bit rubbery if you leave them be. Having said that, if you get at them early, they are quite tasty and reminiscent of other shellfish. 

The tea that came with the meal was also delicious. I would compare it to Sang Kee Peking Duck's tea. Overall, I found this to be a satisfying meal and if I were ordering out for the night, I may skip fried rice at one establishment and make an extra trip here!
Now that our neighborhood Chinese restaurant is closed my husband and I are on the hunt for a new go-to. His theory is that the best Chinese must come from China town, so it's worth it to get in the car and go grab some take-out.

Tonight we tried Lee How Fook.

It was a disappointment.

Let me keep it simple -

The orange chicken that was designated as "spicy" on the menu was not spicy. Not even a little bit. I am sensitive to spice, and was looking for something spicy to clear my sinuses tonight...and this dish did not deliver. On top of that, it wasn't even flavorful.

The won ton soup was bland and the filling could have benefited from some scallions or carrots or something crunchy.

The pan seared dumplings where chewy and falling apart.

The servings were VERY small, especially considering that the prices were much higher than your typical Chinese restaurant.

The szechuan shredded pork was basically absent any pork.

Looks like our hunt continues...
Hadn't been here in years. Used to go 1-2 times a month when I lived in the city. I was in the area this week, so I stopped by  to get take out. Salt baked squid still rocks. My hubby, who never had it before, is now craving it. I see a trip to Chinatown happening this weekend. 

I also remember that my mom used to like this place because it was run by a mother and her daughters.
Lee How Fook, always a favorite of good old Chinatown. The food is alway great here. My favorite to go out of the norm -- everyone should at least try the salt and pepper baked squid.  It takes a spin from the regular calamari.  Also, the veggie dishes are awesome.  Anything that comes from the kitchen is piping hot.  Inside decor is very appealing and inviting.  Although everyone does miss the Zen Teahouse next door, Lee How Fook lives up to the reputation.
I definitely enjoy eating here and appreciate the service I've gotten. I haven't tried too common items off their menu--my boyfriend and I love fish dishes and salt baked squid, so we usually only order that here. Their salt baked squid is definitely one of the best I've had in Chinatown. We also order the Sea Bass Filet with black bean and hot peppers. This dish is quite delicious--the fish is tasty and the peppers are crispy! We always ask for "spicy" and they definitely listen to us. 

I also want to rave about their service, specifically one younger male server. One Friday evening on our way out of town, we got a flat tire and had to call AAA. We decided to have dinner here while we waited assuming AAA would take forever. However, they showed up as soon as the food arrived, so my boyfriend left to attend to that. Our server was very thoughtful. He put our food back in the kitchen in warmers so it wouldn't get cold (I was obviously waiting for my boyfriend to come back before eating). He gave us fresh rice as soon as my boyfriend got back. We really appreciated his thoughtfulness! All other times, the service has been decent. It's a small place, so it can get filled up quickly. When it's really busy, we may have to wait some time to get our water glasses refilled, but they definitely do their best to keep up. I definitely recommend this place if you're in the area.
I could write a lengthy review, persuasive and layered to hit all the right points. But why do that when Lee How Fook makes food that does it for you? Long story short they have some of the best general tso chicken I have eaten to date. Try it for yourself and get back at me. - Coolie
I saw a deal on Groupon for Lee How Fook recently and after I read the reviews on Yelp, I was really excited to check this place out.  Unfortunately, I just didn't enjoy this restaurant and was pretty disappointed.

Lee How Fook is pretty small, but that didn't make it lose any points in my book.  I could see it getting really busy (especially since there are only about 10 tables available), so I would definitely suggest making reservations if you're going on a weekend.  The service wasn't bad, but when I asked some questions about some dishes on the menu, I had a hard time understanding what she was trying to say.  

Okay now to the main course - food!  For appetizers, we ordered the pan seared pork dumplings and sui mai.  Both appetizers were delicious and the dipping sauce was really good.  For the entrees, we ordered the sweet & sour chicken, pan fried noodle with shrimp, and pan fried noodle with beef and black bean sauce.  The sweet & sour chicken was awful - more sweet than sour - and the vegetables in it were really undercooked (pretty much raw).  (I do have to admit that I like things spicy, so maybe this dish just wasn't for me.)  For both pan fried noodle dishes, they were blah with a side of blah.  The beef dish was supposed to be spicy, but I just didn't taste any heat.  I left here full, but unsatisfied.
This place had slightly above-average Americanized Chinese food, with even a few nods to real Chinese cookin' thrown in (veggies w/ oyster sauce, salt baked squid).  Some dishes are good (hot pot), some are not (Szechuan anything... really just icky sweet & sour sauce with a dash of hot sauce & ketchup).  However, if I want takeaway food I'll order out from my local place.  If I'm going to walk all the way to C-town, I want the real deal.
Nice and quiet restaurant lots of non chinese and not sure if it is a good thing or not. My Chinese friends said this restaurant is no good but I did not see anything bad about this place
What a hidden little gem.  Lee how fook is a tiny place on north 11th street.  
Something that most spots in Chinatown aren't- this place is clean!! 
Food is always super fresh and not greasy for chinese food.  Pad Thai that is usually a special on the menu is some of the best Pad Thai I have ever had.  Go to staple of General Tso's is best out there  Huge chuncks of white meat and the chicken is not breaded and covered in goopy sauce.  Take out is good, no delivery, but for Chinese food this good it is worth the drive to go pick up. Had to wait a bit longer for take out a couple of weeks ago and the waiter was super accomodating.  Asked where my car was parked and he brought the food out to me when it was done.  couldn't ask for better service... except when they huff and puff when you ask for a fork.  :)
So with the high rating on yelp, I ventured out to Lee How Fook after searching for an hour for a parking space...

The place looked nice on the inside and my girlfriend and I were looking forward to lunch since we were starving.  I opened the menu, skimmed through...then realized I didn't really want to try anything here...maybe this is because I was thinking most of this stuff was going to be authentic Chinese fare, but it definitely didn't seem like it.  Now nothing against American "take-out" Chinese food, I think it's good, but I've been to China, and real Chinese food is just mind blowing....so I can't settle for anything non-authentic if I'm in Chinatown.

So we just ordered 6 steamed dumplings.  They came out within 5 minutes with soy sauce and scallions.   They were tasty, but definitely not the best I've had.  We then packed our bags and headed to NanZhou Hand Drawn Noodle House (which was unbelievable).

I'm rating this place a 3 just on my experience with the dumplings.  Maybe if I tried the food it would be different?...
I've been on a quest for good pan-fried noodles, and I can say the best I've had are at Lee How Fook...perfectly crispy that get softened with the sauce without getting soggy.  However, I was less enamoured by the other dishes we tried, so I will probably be a one-dish customer whenever I need a noodle fix.
I am torn writing this as a three star review but the last time I ate here it was absolutely horrible. I used to regularly eat here. The beef and Chinese broccoli is delicious and it's a BYOB. Then, the last time I ate here, it was apparently around the time of a groupon deal. We waited over an hour to be sat in a cramped corner. There was no order or control over the seating. Two tops that came in after us got sat before us even though we were there first (and they didn't have a reservation either). Once we finally sat we ordered right away. We waited over an hour, before finally asking the server where our food was. A table that sat 30 min after us got food before us. The server looked confused and then realized he never put our order in!!!  We weren't offered anything complimentary or even am apology at the least. We waited another 30 min for food, even though we really just wanted to leave. But at this point we had been at the restaurant for 2 and a half hours before we even saw food. I used to love this place but I am weary about going back after the awful service we received last time.
We had a small holiday party here for ~16 guests on a weekday night for a banquet style meal. The staff was really helpful in coordinating the menu, drinks, and set up prior to the dinner. When dinner started, it was well coordinated and everyone was wowed by the amount of food, speed, and every dish was better than the last. We were checked on throughout the night and provided us with extra water, rice, and wine glasses.

Food was about $600 and with $200 worth of drinks, everyone left with a belly full of laughs and amazing food.
Had a late lunch here on advice of hotel employee. Good choice. Pleasant, efficient staff, reasonable prices, extensive menu choices. Tried a pork, mushroom, and turnip soup - very good! 

Spring rolls were large(like egg rolls) also good as expected. I had the Chef Special Seafood fried rice - loaded with shrimp, scallops, and crayfish. 

So much I couldn't finish it all. Wife had sirloin steak with Chinese vegetables. Meat was a little tough for her, but otherwise good. Would recommend to friends.
Ordered: Sweet&Sour sea bass and orange chicken. 
Turned out to be pretty average american chinese food and way too sweet even on that standard. Much better choices abound in other parts of china town. exp: Sang Kee Duck house
Came for lunch right when they opened at 11:30. It was pretty empty. Service was still a tad slow, though - maybe they weren't quite ready for customers. But the waitress was still pleasant. 

The food was kinda meh. My dining partner had the mapo tofu - which he gets a lot in Chinatown - and didn't really like it. It lacked flavor, which mapo definitely shouldn't. I had the tofu with crabmeat. I didn't mind it, but I wouldn't order it again. The tofu I believe had been fried, but was definitely on the soggy side. As in, I pressed it and water seeped out. The flavors, while not strong, were tasty.
I think the food and service here were good but nothing special. I bought a groupon and came here on a double date. We had a great time overall (possibly a product of bringing two bottles of wine to dinner and having a beer before we came), but towards the end of our meal, it was apparent that the staff were waiting for us to leave to close up for the night. Granted, it was around 10pm, their closing time.

We split 3 entrees and an app among us, and although I only ate off of two of the dishes because I don't eat chicken or pork, I was full by the time I left. Of the two, I liked the shrimp with Chinese veggies better than the salt baked shrimp, scallop, and squid. The shrimp actually only came with Chinese broccoli, which tasted great, but we were hoping that "veggies" would be a mixture of them. We ordered the salt baked seafood plate based on the recommendation of our server. It was completely different than what we expected. Although the name of the dish says baked, our seafood was definitely fried. And there were no veggies with it either. The seafood was great, but I just wasn't looking to eat fried food that night, and it was a little too salty for my taste. I also think they could have brought a bit more rice for four people. Finally, although our waitress was friendly, the food came out much slower than what I expect for a Chinese restaurant. Maybe it's a good thing and means that our dishes were fresher than the average Chinese place, but it wasn't a good thing when we were starving waiting for our meals!
DO NOT GO HERE!!!

ATMOSPHERE: HORRIBLE
FOOD: UTTER FAILURE - INEDIBLE
SERVICE: ABRASIVE 
PRICE: ABSURD  
MUSIC: NONE

I'm sorry to see that this place still has a misleading 4 star rating. My wife and I returned for our 2nd visit to Lee How Fook only b/c I accidentally purchased 2 groupons. Our first visit was horrible - I wrote a review detailing the experience. We hoped that this time it would be different. We imagined that if we went later during the dinner rush and ordered "safely" we'd have a better time. NOPE. THIS IS THE WORST RESTAURANT I'VE EVER BEEN TO. 

1. There is no host/hostess - everyone there trying to use there groupons before the expired were clamoring around the door trying to get the attention of one of the staff. I eventually had to go to the back of the restaurant to corner one of the staff only to have her ignore me for about 5 minutes. After that she didn't even take my name down. Thankfully we got a table in about 20 minutes. 

2. The staff are downright unfriendly and not helpful. We could hardly get a drink order in before the server would run off. 

3. We ordered the pork dumplings and hot/sour soup to start - the soup was passable but not good. The dumplings were clearly frozen so they were burned yet not at all crispy. The dipping sauce tasted like garlic feet. For entrees we had beef with mixed vegetables (ordered to be spicy) and squid (supposed to be their specialty). Both were failures - the beef dish wasn't the least bit spicy and in fact had no flavor at all. It was mostly shitty vegetables and had a vague oil flavor. The squid was the same. Horrific. 

4. Lastly - we could feel the tension in the room - no one was happy with their food or the service. I believe that the owners themselves have written the good reviews that you see posted here b/c there is no chance that this place gets 4 out of 5 stars by the lowest of standards. You're better off getting Chinese at any corner store or strip mall place - no exaggeration. 

DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY
Almost scared off by some Yelp reviews but our Groupon swayed our decision to try this restaurant that we must've passed dozens of times. (Trip Advisor reviews are much kinder to this place). We had pan seared pork dumplings and steamed vegetarian dumplings. Homemade and very good. I had the salt baked squid and she the hot pot with chicken, scallops & beef. Hers was very good but more peppery than spicy but still tasty. My squid was good but would've made a better appetizer since it was just a big plate of squid. The place filled up quickly around 6:00 so it was good we got there at 5:30. A place definitely worth returning to.
Lee How Fook provided a very solid experience and was certainly the best chinese food I've had in Philadelphia in many, many years. Dishes tried: Buddha's Delight vegetarian roll and the Szeuchuan eggplant. The eggplant was good, the Delight was amazing. 

Additional info: not too many vegetarian dishes on the menu. The restaurant is tiny and there may be a wait, but it is worth it as the smaller room makes for an interesting dining experience.
Worth a trip. Their duck and tofu soup has spoiled me from enjoying duck soup any where else. It is just plain OUTSTANDING. In fact we have been pleased with so many dishes here. By the way, the wait staff does a great job of answering questions and making suggestion. I also absolutely love their hot pots.
This place has quite a following and I want to be a fan, but my experiences here have been lackluster. Based on the assortment of dishes I've had from Lee How Fook, the meat is poorly trimmed which is a deal breaker for me. The last thing I want when I put a chunk of orange chicken in my mouth is a mouthful of fat. In an area of the city with 1000 awesome Chinese food restaurants, this is not the one for me.
I rarely bother to review on Yelp, but this restaurant is so horrendously bad that I felt the need.  I realize that Philadelphia Chinatown is a desert for authentic and/or good Chinese food, and is the reason why I avoid it generally, but this place defines the bar down.  Even the tea is undrinkable.  Lamb hot pot is an insipid bowl of gristle and bone. Lo mein with leeks, I think it was called, at least had the grit to prove that they used actual leaks with the cheap egg noodles and sliced ginger.  Gourmet.

I wish I could recommend an alternative, but I guess I'll have to stick to the Chinese food, as done by Koreans, at H-Mart in Upper Darby, that shining beacon of Asian Food for those of us who have had the privilege of eating in Flushing or the San Gabriel Valley.
My absolute favorite restaurant in Chinatown Philly. I have been going here for 20+ years and they continue to serve up great dishes that are far and away better than any other place in Chinatown.

I always get: salt baked squid (unreal!), Buddha roll, seafood hotpot and also crab and asparagus soup. The Chinese fried chicken is also delicious.

I am hesitant to recommend Lee How Fook because I don't want everyone else to find out about it!
So I admit, I was a little skeptical when my very white friend suggested we go here for dinner. After all, she's from San Diego, new to the area, and could barely remember the name of this restaurant. Keeping an open mind, four of us went in and decided to give it a shot.

WOW are we glad we did! You won't think much of this place when you walk in, but that's the case with most places in Chinatown. We ordered fried rice (see previous note about being with a white person), salt baked squid, special clay pot hot pot, pan fried noodles with beef, and sauteed pea shoots.

After stuffing our faces, we all tried to choose our favorite dish, but we couldn't pick. That's how good the food is. Also, there was hardly any food left.

Definitely try this place if you are a fan of Chinese food. Or don't try it and it can just be my little secret.
I once took a friend here from Hong Kong - and her first comment upon eating was "Wow - authentic Chinese food in Philadelphia.  I'm impressed"

Love the pan friend noodles with beef and black bean sauce.  Really love the salt and pepper squid and scallops.  Wish I still lived in Philly so I could eat here more often . . .
This place is truly great Chinese food.

I got sat down right away and given water. The waiter then came at the exact time when I made out my mind on what I wanted. 

I didn't want oil in my Singapore noodles that I ordered and I got it in a reasonable time frame and it was actually very delicious.

This is a great for a group or a date with your friends or someone special! 

I will sure be back to this place and recommend this place to other people!
Not impressed. Called to place an order for delivery and was told I had to order through a delivery app so I ordered through the Caviar app. I ordered duck over rice with greens. Received a few pieces of bone with skin on it, fat with skin on it and a couple of tiny pieces of duck which were extremely nasty. Came with dry white rice and some kind of half cooked green vegetables. I also had pan seared pork dumplings which had no distinct taste, just really bland.  What a waste of money. I will not be ordering from here again.
Despite the loud, noisy atmosphere which can't be avoided since the dining area is quite small (in the front) but the food is amazing. This is like a best-kept secret in philly...their winter melon soup was my favorite. Everything tasted so fresh and delectable.
We came a few Sundays ago for a post-Auto Show dinner. We were seated immediately by one of the waiters.  We decided to order a lot of food so that we could take it home and eat it over the next day or two. For appetizers we ordered the pan fried dumplings. They were very hot, juicy and delicious. You really can't go wrong with them. For dinner we split Peking spare ribs, crispy pan fried noodles and a half roast duck. All three entrees were really really good. I think my favorites were the crispy pan fried noodles and the roast duck. The duck comes out with traditional buns and you make little duck sandwiches with them. The sauce that comes with the roast duck is a wonderful little addition to the meal. I've never eaten pan fried noodles before and only ordered them because they were recommended by our waiter. I'm really glad we did end up ordering them because they really complemented the spare ribs and duck well. This was a great authentic Chinese meal. I'll be back next time I'm in the city.
This restaurant is one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been to. Small in size but huge on flavor. Everything just seemed so fresh. We started out with the pan fried dumplings both pork and vegetable. Both were packed to bursting with filling. And not greasy at all like some places tend to make them. The pork dumplings were more pork than filling(again like some places that I've been). Only two of us wanted soup so we ordered wonton for two and the portion was more like wonton for four. So tasty. We also had a Buddha roll at the suggestion of the waiter instead of egg rolls. Very good recommendation we loved it. To me it was like a Stromboli and egg roll hybrid. We liked it so much we actually ordered a second round. After that it was on to the entrees. There were 7 of us so we were able to get plenty of dishes to sample. The pan fried noodles were so delish I couldn't stop eating it. The scallops in black bean sauce was amazing but everyone's favorite dish seemed to be the orange chicken. It had a light and refreshing flavor as opposed to the oversweet recipes that other places employ. You could easily taste the orange zest. As for the wait staff, The waiter was very friendly and very professional. And the cherry on the sundae was how inexpensive it was. There were 7 of us and including tip it came to $23 per person. Taking the quality, portion size and the amount dishes that we had this is an amazing deal. I plan to be a frequent diner here.
