We tried Lee's out during the Baltimore Avenue Dollar Stroll. I had some fries and he had their Buffalo chicken cheesesteak.. Both were really good. The other day we were trying to figure out what to eat for a snack and I suggested Lee's. 

Check out the pics for all of their options for food. Burgers, vegan food, breakfast, lunch whatever you want.. We like that the menu has something for everybody.  Luis had their Buffalo cheesesteak again and said it was good but the Buffalo sauce they use is a bit thin so it makes the roll soggy. 

We sat in the car to eat because all of the booths were taken. I really wish they had more than four booths because we'd love to sit down and eat. Mr. Lee is friendly and probably knows most of his customers. The cooks in the back are always in  good spirits as well.
when i first moved to Cedar Park (which i only recently discovered was the name of my neighborhood...i'm still not convinced), my landlord told me to go to Lee's to get a bagel breakfast sandwich.  he added that they were deliciously greasy.  and it was.  i don't do a "cup of fruit" or "bowl of Special K with skim milk" for breakfast...i'm not that kind of girl.  hell, i'm not that kind of human (i know plenty of male-folk who like these pansy breakfasts).  i do, however, need to wake up before i properly grease my intestines.  so i suggest waking up, taking a stroll down to Lee's (parking is never easy on the corner of 47th and Baltimore), and ordering up a bacon, egg, and cheese bagel sandwich.  it'll get you going.  i also heard through the grapevine (ok, my roommate's dad), that their cheesesteaks are the best in the CITY...fine....in the two block radius from my house.  i believe it.

PLUS, the guys behind the counter and in the store (i assume the regulars) are super nice.  AND while you wait for your sandwich, you can check out the different varieties of "RapSnacks" they carry.  i venture to say they have them all.  it's amazing.
I. Love. Lee's deli! 

I stopped here originally while visiting my boyfriend  in town about 4 years ago. Since then, we've gotten married and Lee's Deli is one of our favorites! I always always order the Rule Breaker with salmon and shrimp. It's such a filling, but not heavy, sandwich. Salmon, shrimp,broccoli, carrot, green pepper and cheese on a classic French hoagie bread - you can't go wrong! I order it with the fries and it always comes with a sweet/spicy sauce. It's a lot of food for the price too; I always split it between two meals. Yum!

My husband usually orders the same, but this time he ordered a spicy buffalo chicken cheesesteak. He gives it 8/10 - not perfect - But still very good! He says it was missing something, but he isn't sure what LOL. 

I also got a piece of carrot cake for my husband. The place is cash only, but since we used their ATM, they gave us another piece of carrot cake for free! (He loved the cake!) They are always so nice when we visit and for that they went from 4 to 5 stars! We will continue to go back!
Lee's has been a staple in this neighborhood for over 20 years. I have seen this place develop from a simple deli to a restaurant that serves items like: Game Over Cheesesteak (chicken topped with shrimp and broccoli or spinach). Trust me, this was not on the menu five years ago. Although it is a development due to the changing area of Cedar Park area, Lee's does it right. The food and atmosphere continues to be budget affordable and kid friendly. 

You want a quick tasty breakfast before jumping on the trolley? This is the spot. Looking for a midday bite? This is the spot. Thinking of dinner on your from work? This is the spot. Amazing food, great owner and a personal touch that many places are missing these days. 

I cannot comment on any of the vegan dishes, not my taste, but the cheesesteaks have always hit the spot for me!
My husband and I each ordered a cheesesteak (to try 2 each) and were not disappointed. The seating area is small, but we were sat at a booth, our order was taken and served our food quickly. I'm not yet an expert in Philly cheese steaks, but the original and the belly buster - with American cheese and all the fixings as recommended - were delicious. Can't wait to come back.
THE GOAT. I've been back and forth to Lee's for years

First. The place is great and you can sit and eat is a plus and the staff are very friend

BUT THIS IS ABOUT THE FOOD FAM

Burgers are amazing, cheesesteaks are amazing (and it you're vegan they have vegan cheesesteaks and black bean burgers)

But what really sets them off is there street food/chinese food mixup dishes that they do. They're really remarkable. 

The location is great as well because its right near downtown so once you eat go take your lady on a nice walk afterwards.
Cheap prices, hot food, great bread, big portions, friendly service. Their menu is extensive and seem to  have something for every palate.
Cash only. 
Support the little guys, it's a staple in this neighborhood.
Lee's has great veggie and black bean steaks. I've been going there for a few years, and it's the spot I frequent most in the neighborhood. Lee and the other employees are always nice.
On the western border of university city, Lee's Deli is a neighborhood institution. Their sandwiches and the house-made deserts are something to behold. When you stop by Lee's you'll enjoy generous portions and a very friendly staff who is more than happy to make recommendations. When the staff found out it was our first time there, they treated us to complementary carrot cake. 

They are very vegetarian friendly and feature two meatless cheesesteaks, both of which are delicious. I like the seitan cheesesteak a bit better than the black bean, but they're both quite good. The regular cheesesteak is amazing and tasted just as good the next day.
Stopped in and grabbed a homemade cheese burger and fries
Awesome burger and fries done perfect.
Real ground beef Patty,not the frozen crap others use
Mr Lee is very nice and the service was quick and excellent.
Will be back again to try the other dishes!
I haven't had a single thing I don't like here, and my order is always correct. The homemade burgers and breakfast sandwiches are my faves, and the fries are always well-seasoned. I particularly love that they have (delicious) beef bacon as an alternative to pork (that's better than turkey bacon).
Ok.  Four words that have changed my life.  Broccoli. Chicken. Provolone. Cheesesteak.  HOLY MOTHER OF ALL THAT IS GOOD, that is one damn fine sandwich.  Get a little mayo, a little spicy mustard, and call it heaven.  Other reasons to love Lee's:  

The sandwiches are enormous and cheap as all get out.

The onion rings are perfectly crispy (and super good with that spicy mustard).

They have Diet Cherry Cola.

Their mashed potatoes and gravy are excellent comfort food.

Their carrot cake is pretty darn good.

Thank you, Lee's, for making takeout food fast, delicious, and relatively healthy feeling.
My fiancee and I went here after moving in down the street and it was the best decision I've made in recent memory. The food came out fast and tasted incredible, I'll be coming back. I ordered the Korean cheese steak and she ordered the chicken finger platter with Parmesan cheese fries and onion rings. The waitress was incredibly pleasant and the chef or owner (unsure who) gave me a slice of homemade carrot cake on the house. I definitely recommend going here if you're looking for a relaxed spot to grab great food.
Great crab cakes, garlic Parmesan fries and cheesy rice with veggies. I haven't had breakfast here in awhile so I can't give a honest review but from what I remember it was good. Food isn't cheap here, but not too pricey.
Amazing food for a great price. I've been a customer here since I was a child, and the place has evolved beautifully. Customer service is always warm and inviting. I usually get the rice with chicken shrimp and veggies, but everything on the menu is delicious. All ingredients are always fresh and made to order.  Always one of my first choices when I'm really hungry and in the area.
I decided to stop in at Lee's because of a staff member Dwight. The owner is customer service oriented and extremely outgoing. I ordered the spinach chicken cheese steak w/ shrimp. The flavored blended well together and the sweet chili sauce made the sandwich pop. I recommend checking this place out. Univ City is stepping up its game.
Chicken broccoli cheesesteak is very good.  Salmon cheesesteak. Come w shrimp and veggies. Carrots, broccoli fried onions green peppers!  Great eggs and bacon.
If you are looking for a REAL Philly breakfast, this is the place. The food is always cooked perfectly (I have been coming here for years and it's been consistent).

The home fries are among the best in the city. The omelettes are also delicious.

Lee's now has a Veggie Steak and a Black Bean Burger to become more veg-friendly. It's always a risky move, considering a lot of places can't seem to pull of making a solid fake-meat hoagie. Lee's GOT IT RIGHT:

-The veggie steak was made with seitan (wheat meat) and was smothered with cheese and the right amount of seasoning. It was filling and not too salty.

-The black bean burger was also delicious, and I'm kinda a veggie burger snob. 

-The 16 bean soup is flavorful and creamy. Definitely get it if it's available.

The environment is great for watching people walk by on 47th street. You MUST go to Lee's Deli NOW!!!!
My fave sandwich is still Korean BBQ Cheesesteak, but now my fave fries are Garlic Parmesan Cheese Fries (though I ask for less cheese because of my lactose sensitivity). 

Regarding portions: If two of us each order our own sandwich and share a small order of fries, it's already pretty filling. I have shared a large portion of fries between 2-3 people when we got our own sandwiches...probably too much food for 2, but better for 3. 

And since they introduced me to Carrot Cake Man, I always order it when I go and ask them to microwave it on the spot. If I ever change my order from these 3 things, maybe I'll update my review again, ha.
Lee's Deli has some delicious fries and what I imagine is excellent hangover food, but it's also the main supplier of the ever-elusive Philadelphia cupcake man's carrot cake cupcake. Rumor has it, if you're on the trolley at the right day and hour, a mystical figure will walk through the car, selling these flawless treats to the SEPTA-weary. If you're not able to encounter this Ariel of cakery, though, go to Lee's and grab one...or four. They only charge a buck fifty and these are hands down the best cupcakes available in Philadelphia, far superior to all the bobo-targeted cupcake stores and trucks saturating the city. For some down-home decadence, get a sweet potato pie as well. It's like being at a family reunion with a whole picnic table of homemade desserts, and you can have it all!
Yum Yum, I purchased the game over cheesesteak with a side of garlic parm fries and I was in lunch break heaven!!

Wow that cheesesteak took my lunch to another level!!. So Lee's Deli is a small store, on the corner of Baltimore Ave and they sell hot/cold foods. Lee's Deli also have a small area to dine in as well.

Lee's Deli been around for years and lately they have been known for their creative cheesesteaks. They have a Korean Bbq cheesesteak which has bulgolgi meat. They also have the rule breaker cheesesteak which has salmon and shrimp. They have vegan steaks and other food items as well.

That day I decided to purchase the game over, it had shrimp, chicken, broccoli and spinach. It was packed with flavors. My sandwich came with a sweet and spicy sauce on the side which added a delicious kick to the entire meal.

Overall the staff was very friendly, I was greeted with a nice hello and I also received a free carrot cake for using the ATM machine! 

I will definitely be back to try the Korean Bbq cheesesteak!!
Good corner sandwich spot. I've had the Korean BBQ cheesesteak, which I'd recommend, and the chicken cheesesteak with spinach and onion is good too. Mr. Lee is a really nice dude!
When I moved to West philly, everybody told me to try Mr. Lees breakfast... specifically the egg cheese susage bagel which is amazing. Just enough butter and cooked properly.

Mr Lee touts his spinach chicken cheesesteak as the best in philly and it does not fail to impress. Personally I enjoy the chicken cheesesteak with broccoli instead.

If you want good food at an extremely affordable price come to mr Lees! 

Also try the Hungryman breakfast special. 4 eggs, 2 orders of meat(SUAsage, bacon?) hashbrowns (whcih are DELICIOUS) toast
Saying what everyone says- we love Mr Lee! And the food is great too. Went and threw an order for 15 different sandwiches at them when I was hosting a meeting in West Philly, and they handled it like champs, with a smile, and gave us some free cheesy fries and carrot cake to boot. :) Amazing Philly cheesesteak, and a whole variety of other sandwiches and comfort food. Vegetarian food with good flavor! Cole slaw with a perfect balance of sweet and sour! Swing by west philly and make friends with the lovely staff, and you'll get a delicious meal out of it too.
The best stop in West Philly....especially if you live or are staying within walking distance of Mr. Lee's then this is your best bet for an interesting crowd and a no-nonsense breakfast to get your Philly day started right.
Unique, flavorful, with a special surprise for dessert. 

I was amazed by the range of options at Lee's Deli, and all were delicious! I had the Rule Breaking Cheesesteak (with fish and shrimp and grilled veggies) and it was SO GOOD! It had some kind of special mayo that I loved (and actually used for my fries because it was so good). 

At the same time, my girlfriend had the chicken fried rice, which she loved, my mom had the Korean BBQ Cheesesteak, and we had the New Bay fries which were so flavorful too. Everyone's food was so different, but we really liked all of it. 

For dessert, we loved the carrot cakes, and bought a few to take home. The carrot cake icing is even better than the icing on the fancy cupcakes I am used to in New York or DC. 

Lastly, I was really impressed by the staff. They were kind, helpful walking us through the menu options since there are so many, and really nice about helping us wrap up some leftovers at the end (you get lots of food for your $). 

While this was my first time at Lee's, I will definitely be back and start to work my way through the menu.
I am a huge new fan of Lee's!  I just tried their black bean burger, and oh my!!!  SO delicious!  It's HUGE, with the perfect amount of spice.  Just yummy!!!  Thank you for doing what you do so well, Lee!!
Mannn this place is awesome I got the teriyaki chicken cheesesteak, damn that Asian fusion is good. 
Friendly, welcoming Vibes as well and I appreciated the token of a free carrot cake
Went to lees on a whim after drooling over their Instagram page for a few weeks. Got a shrimp and chicken Alfredo cheessteak with spinach. It was aaaaammmaaaazing. The food is good the place is clean and cheery. The price is up there but the quality of the food particularly the bread and seafood is  worth paying more than I would normally. Mr Lee and staff are very friendly and patient while you choose from their endless selection.  Make it a point to stop here if you are in u city and on the prowl for good eats!!
The best. Everything is good and it's always awesome. The atmosphere is fantastic and you get a carrot cake if you use the ATM. What more could you ask for??
Cheese steaks are good and creative. Just pricey for average cheapo take out. On other hand if you compare it to regular plain cheese steak prices at the likes of Steve's, Pat's, etc, it's pretty darn good! Their seitan is pretty neat too (and I'm a big meat lover so that's good praise!). I miss them at the Dollar Strolls, used to be one of my favorite stops.
I had been craving a good old-fashioned burger, so I went to UPenn cafe...terrible. Here I am a few days later & I figured I'd try another neighborhood spot, so I went to Lee's - best decision of the week! I got a double cheeseburger that was so delicious & so classically good. Customer service is on point as well.
I had "The Game Over" chicken cheesesteak w shrimp & spinach & it was perfect. They make their own sauces & I had a spicy one that went well with my steak. As a kid in the 80s, I remember this spot being a classic diner with mini juke boxes at every booth. So it's pretty cool to see that although it's a different business, I can still get a decent burger, fries, & Coke.
Lee's is a neighborhood gem! Their standard cheesesteaks and hoagies are all great, but where they really shine is in their creative ones like the Korean cheesesteak or the Game Over. 

They have probably my favorite chicken cheesesteak out there, the chicken is never dry. A chicken cheesesteak with spinach and fried onions (basically the Game Over without the shrimp) is my go to.

They do great greasy brunch/breakfast too. The steak egg and cheese cheesteak is fantastic, and their chicken and waffles are great (their wing dings are on point!) Beyond that, their friend rice is great as well. The creamy srirachi sauce is AMAZING.

Best of all is how nice Lee and the whole staff are. Always puts me in a good mood when I'm in there!
My new favorite spot! Can not wait to explore the menu. Their service and quality of food are both top notch. You will not be disappointed!!
A Hidden GemOne of my favorite places in West Philly, almost all of philly. Great local spot for just damn good food at a great price. Amazing breakfast, Cheesesteaks, burgers, fried rice, bulgolgi cheesesteaks!?? Plus Lee and everyone working there is cool af. Great service, great food, what more can you ask for?? I actually moved out of Philly years ago but every time I come back I make sure I stop by Lee's at least once or twice when I'm in town. Do yourself a favor and just go to Lee's.
One, two, three, look at Mr. Lee
Three, four, five, look at him jive
Oh Mr. Lee, Mr. Lee
My heart is achin' for you Mr. Lee
'Cause I love your deli so

With apologies to the Bobbettes. 

The chicken steak is unparalleled in my extensive sample. The menu, while staying true to the beloved short-order grill, has enough surprising twists and thoughtful choices that I plan to eat my way through the menu--the Asian Fusion section is particularly alluring. The staff is charming and pleasant.
If you're ever in Philly and want to taste authentic philly cheese steaks this is the place to go! Portions are huge and the foods delicious. Definitely worth the money
Carrot cake is honestly the best I've ever had.

I've tried a few things from here and all have been good so far. Their Homemade burger is very big and filling. Today, I tried their new Parmesan and Garlic fries, very good.

Lee was at the counter and was very friendly and sweet.

Looking forward to more great food!
As a worker in the restaurant world, I never leave reviews on yelp. But Lee's Deli is such a great place and somewhere I feel truly deserves a review. The food has always been great- whether a regular cheesesteak, the Korean BBQ cheesesteak, homefries or a bacon egg and cheese (always on a kaiser roll), it's all delicious. But where I think Lee's stands out is Mr. Lee himself. He just such a nice guy. They only take cash and sometimes I forget that, or just don't have cash on me. Every single time that's happened Mr. Lee has generously given me a dessert on the house, or told me my coffee was on him. He does this merely because the ATM has a fee and feels the customer should be compensated. I've never found this anywhere else. He is always so kind, remembers his customers and does his best to make sure you've had a good experience! This place is awesome!! Thank you Mr. Lee!!!!!
An outstanding greasy-spoon diner. Their breakfast sandwiches can't be beat. Their cheesesteaks are greasy, filling, and delicious (including the vegan cheesesteak!). And they've got Carrot Cake Man Carrot Cake on the counter! A hidden gem on Baltimore Ave.
Lee's is my place! This was the first restaurant my partner and I dined at upon moving to West Philadelphia. The staff is great, and the food is comforting and delicious. 

I've certainly appreciated the vegetarian/vegan options for comfort food / cheesesteaks when hosting family with these preferences. For the meat-eaters, the Korean BBQ Cheesesteak is a fun, tasty spin on the classic. You also can't go wrong with a cheeseburger or chicken fingers! Lee's offers a variety of dipping sauces for your fries, chicken fingers, etc - give em all a whirl, they're a nice touch!

The portion sizes are very generous which makes the price quite a deal overall. Lee's is great for both dine-in and pickup orders!
Amazing food... Great customer service... This was my first time trying Lees but I Will definitely be back... Nothing like delicious food and great service
The best bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich in West Philly. The steaks are pretty good, too. Cash only, but you get a little extra something (chips or a slice of cake) if you use their ATM. I only wish they were open on Sunday.
Lee's is a great place to grab a hoagie.  While I cannot speak for their meat sandwiches, the vegetarian ones are fantastic! The veggie cheesesteak is my go to sandwich. They put broccoli in it, which makes the sandwich unique.  The black bean burger is also really good. Everyone who works there is super friendly.
Still very good. They make a nice Vegetarian Cheese steak, which is my favorite in the hood. Good vegetarian options(Black Bean Burger) as well as breakfast available all day. They spruced up the place and have a new sign outside. Staff very nice.
Everything was great chicken cheesesteak real chicken breast spinach shrimp on a garlic roll. They've got a new loyal customer. A lot of options
Best prices around the area for breakfast along with good taste. I had two other spots I went to also but they don't compare to lee's. This is the only one now .
I go here at least once a week.  The black bean burger is my go to.  Always loving the special sauces. Great service and food!
Great neighborhood deli! I recommend calling ahead as the wait times are sometimes long. My favorite hoagie is the Game Over cheesesteak which is a chicken cheesesteak topped with spinach and shrimp. I come here when I want something delicious and artery clogging.
Best American deli in the area. Simple, hearty food, done well. Menu is long, prices are cheap. Cute retro-ish style. Although they serve all the Americana staples and seem a grease joint (in the best way), they also have vegan and vegetarian options. 

And Mr. Lee is great.
The shrimp over rice is freaking amazing! Well seasoned, lots of veggies and the sauce is the icing on the cake. It's sad it's all the way in southwest Philly but I love this little gem. This a must in your in the area and want something good to eat. Can't wait to go back here!
My wife, son and I went here yesterday. I got the chicken, shrimp, spinach steak with Alfredo sauce all I can say is it was "NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH". I'll be back here many more times. The owner was super friendly and very helpful. Lees Deli should be a good landmark in Philadelphia
Lees Deli is an amazing Deli that sells everything from Cheesesteaks to Korean good. The owners are very friendly and there is always a large selection of daily specials. I have been going to Lee's deli since elementary school. The best Deli in West philly hands down!
Lee's is fantastic!  Atmosphere is nonexistent, but the food makes up for it tenfold. The owner is a really friendly guy, and as the previous review stated, the chicken cheese steaks are quite a legend.  Breakfast platters are available all day, and they're also awesome: perfect hangover food.  Fries are cooked to crispy perfection, and all sandwiches/burgers/hoagies are equally good in their greasy goodness.  

If you're looking for burger 'n fry fare on the go around Cedar Park/Baltimore Ave., this should be your stop before a pizza joint.  Definitely another (cheap!) treasure in the neighborhood.
Everything at Lee's is SO GOOD (and cheap and fast) all the time. Great options for vegans, vegetarians, and carnivores alike. Definitely get the Dijon sauce.
Lees is great.  Lee himself is almost always present at the front counter with a very polite neutral expression his face.  Calm, in control and helpful.  He doesn't talk you to death but is definitely willing to make suggestions or give a bit of advice.

We usually get Seitan hoagies when we come here and the sauces they have to accompany it.

I'm not going to lie and say this food is groundbreaking - its standard diner fare but the place looks clean, Lee recently remodeled and it really looks great and the people that work there are always really laid back, polite yet not overbearing or over smiley.  When I lived in W Philly I came to Lees almost exclusively after having a few Bahn Mi hoagies over at Foo Wa and finding them a bit dry (perhaps remaining true to tradition, I can't say) and just not my style.

Lees is a great scene with good food at good prices.  Love it.
i started getting breakfast here and all i can say is damn the food is good.
As a born-and-raised Philadelphian, I can confidently say that Lee's is a personal favorite of mine (and a gem in the University City neighborhood). The food here is amazing, and Scott and his team are even more so. Can't wait to come back. Love this City, and love my Lee's!
I lived a block away for over 4 years and Mr. Lee's takeout breakfast became a Saturday morning ritual. Cheap, just greasy enough, and completely filling. Plus he's the nicest man in the world. Try the omelet with provolone and a side of home fries.
The owner himself will personally tell you that he serves up the best chicken cheesesteak in town. That's a pretty bold statement, but he combines real chopped chicken breast with your choice of spinach or broccoli. I have yet to be disappointed by this, and so far it is proving to be better than any other chicken cheesesteak I've tried.

There are other items on the menu, ranging from burgers to southern food to breakfast. Don't be afraid of the fact that this place looks like a total dive, either. The owner takes pride in his food, and if there are indeed roaches cooked into the burgers, those are some damn tasty roaches.
Best snacks and food in University. Great service, Mr. Lee is the man!
Good cheap eats that delivers!  After my second visit, the owner, Scott, has managed to remember me and what I ordered and make new recommendations accordingly.   The cheesesteak ($4) is greasy and delicious, and the handmade crab cake sandwich (onlh $3.50!) is equally satisfying.  Definitely check out this cozy neighborhood joint.
Mr Lee is a very nice business person running a great business.He is about to introduce a vegetarian sandwich made with Michaels savory seitan. A all natural vegan and vegetarian sandwich which is very popular in the Phila region and areas.You must taste his creations and you will see this is truly a delicious no fat low sodium all natural tasting veggie steak sandwich. Be ready for the next best sandwich coming out of Phila with Mr Lees SEITAN STEAK SANDWICH. He is using the best tasting Seitan on the planet being made from a local vendor and seitan maker for the past 20 years or so.Please try his creations and support the local farmers and vendors and eat healthy.Learn where your food is coming from and care for your enviornment support local eat local.Michael
God bless Lee's Deli. The most delicious, reliable option in the neighborhood. A real gem. I recommend it to out of town visitors and center city folk as the best example of great West Philly food. I love the buffalo chicken cheesesteak, the egg and cheese croissant, the carrot cake. If West Philly didn't have Lee's Deli it would be a food wasteland. It's definitely greasy, in the best way possible.
I've heard nothing but great things about Lee's, and every time I pass by I think "I really need to try this place." I stopped by during the dollar stroll (and loved what I got), but I wanted to give it a fair shot and have a real "meal" here.

We walked in and were immediately welcome and offered a printed menu to look over by the owner (Lee, I presume.) I was really blown away by the variety of the menu (from standard things like cheesesteaks and club sandwiches, to a ton of vegetarian/vegan options, Asian fusion dishes, and breakfast all day).

I opted for the Seitan cheesesteak w/ american cheese and Old Bay fries. My BF went for the Chicken & Shrimp Stir Fry/Fried Rice (I forget the real name...) We tried to pay then, but the owner politely told us to sit down and enjoy ourselves first, before paying. The food came out pretty quickly, but not before one of the cooks came out to drop off a few different home-made sauces (the home-made Dijon sauce, he insisted, was "great on fries".... spoiler alert: he wasn't lying.)

My Seitan cheesesteak was HUGE, piping hot, and loaded with extra veggies. I added some ketchup and some of the house made sweet chili sauce. So good. The Old Bay fries were crispy and well-seasoned (I think they are just frozen crinkle-cut, but not a problem.) My BF's Stir Fry/Fried Rice came out on a giant plate, and he only ate half, saving the rest for lunch. He enjoyed it a lot.

The exterior and interior aren't much to look at, but the people behind the counter, the extensive menu (can't wait to try breakfast), and the overall experience made me a Lee's fan, for sure.
I've always loved Lee's Deli!!!! My 1st time in 1999 I was amazed with the quality of food and Mr. Lee's kindness! Now that I'm back in the area I'll always order from Lee's deli!!!! Their menu has changed so much and I can't wait to try everything! This is thee best place in town!! The quality has never changed!!!!
The chicken cheesesteak is the best in Philly! (Regular cheesesteaks are good, but Lee's chicken cheesesteaks are the real draw) 

Mr. Lee also has great carrot cake as well as an impressive variety of sodas. The restaurant has recently been renovated which is nice. 

Definitely a spot to check out in West Philadelphia.
Such a delicious, affordable, hearty meal with some clever fusions. Bringing together Philadelphian classics and some Korean flavors. The Bulgogi cheese steak was my favourite, best married with the homemade Sriracha sauces. The portion was great value for money and beyond what my stomach could fit. But for such great tastes, I had to make extra space. The meal was best finished off with the Lee's iconic dessert- the Carrot Cake. Bring some home for your family and friends too.
Great breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Lee's Deli always has the best food specials and great snacks. I have been going here for years.
Lee's Deli is a small neighborhood spot with an international flair. They have food from Asia, Hawaii, Mexico and of course, Philly. They have a small seating area and a good experienced server. The menu is so divers, I couldn't wait to dive in.
I ordered the spicy Thai red curry chicken soup for starters and the beef fajita which I asked for avocado and bacon and spicy mayo on it. The experience of the cooks showed, they didn't bat an eye when presented with the order. 
The Thai curry soup was good and flavorful, but not spicy enough for me. The fajita was perfect. The steak was to my likings and the avocado and cheese melted into a gooey center, wrapped in a crisp tortilla. 
To round out the meal, I ordered a toasted cinnamon roll and a cup of coffee. I had a pretty good dining experience for it to be a corner sandwich spot, and I think I saw
 Loco Moco on the menu....... like Arnie says
"I'll be back"
Consistently great food and great service! Come here a couple times a week and have yet to be disappointed. Wide variety of selections
So I'm staying in an Airbnb nearby and tried this deli out for breakfast and was blown at how amazing the food was. Something as simple as a bacon egg and cheese was practically orgasmic highly recommended !!
The sandwiches here at Lee's Deli are the best you'll ever have in your life!  Each sandwich is made with care and attention, and the customer service is perfect!  They have a wide variety of things you can order as well as their secret menu on Instagram at lees_deli where the food is a product of the chefs creative power and culinary knowledge.  The layout is homey and atmosphere is relaxing.  Not to mention they have The Carrot Cake Man's carrot cakes!  Five time best in Philly you can't pass that up!  I've seen tourists from all over come to eat here just because it was the best rated place and every time they leave I only see good things from them!  This restaurant surpasses all other so don't pass up your opportunity to stay here and eat!
I went with the Rule Breaker Cheesesteak w/ Salmon! Plus I got the Garlic Parm fries which were pretty good. The sandwich was the highlight of the meal though per usual. The salmon was made REALLY well and when I put the special sauce they give you on the cheesesteak it got taken to another level. Really happy with the purchase and everybody from my dealership is going to order from here in the future. The only thing that could've made the meal better was if the fries were made well. They were fried a bit too hard. I like crunchy fries but not overdone.
I had bacon and brocoli cheesesteak here with my girfriend and it was amazing. Definitely going to come back to this place again for some cheesesteak or try something new.
Visited this place while on a day trip to Philly from NY. I hade the original Philly cheesesteak with garlic Parm cheese fries. My mom has the chicken cheesesteak with broccoli and spinach. Both of us enjoyed our sandwiches, I've been here previously in the past and have never had a bad experience. My mom however, hadn't been here prior and is typically a picky eater when it comes to eating out.
First time here ... Grew up in this neighborhood and never tried it until today.. Just left the gym and was looking for something tasty but no too heavy.  Owner told me to try the chicken cheesesteak with shrimp and spinach and fried onions.  It was MADD good especially with the sauce that comes on the side.  I will definitely give this place another try.
Great greasy deli/breakfast food.. amazing fries and decent cheesesteaks. Love the charm of the spot and good service
Hanging out in Philly and wanted to try Lee's Deli after following a foodies post. Stopped by and they were preparing to close. Allowed me to order the shrimp, fish and veggie hoagie. The owner is so nice and the restaurant is clean. The owner advised they usually close on time but the grill is still hot. Ordered onions ring with special sauce on the side. 

The food was so good along with the customer service. Food very fresh and the menu has so much variety. I'm glad they cater to vegetarians.

They also have dessert. I was eyeing the carrot cake muffins with icing and the owner gave us 2 free. They were delicious and the icing was so good. I can't wait to enjoy another when back in Philly 

They also serve breakfast but are closed on Sunday. Everyone needs a day off to reset. 

Wide variety of beverages which I didn't buy. They were offering free can sodas and chips with certain items. 

I will definitely stop by when I visit Philly
It's a shame I haven't been to Lee's more in the years that I've lived in West Philly because it's pretty great.  The first time I went I really wanted a sugar-free energy drink, which they didn't have, but left with one of their famous carrot cakes.  It was SO GOOD!  Yesterday I went again with my dad and we shared a cheesesteak.  It was pretty good and the portion was enormous.  They have  a lot of cool sandwiches on the menu I'd love to try if I go back.  Also, the staff was goofy and fun and joked with us the whole time.  It was a nice atmosphere and I look forward to going back.
Maybe my last order 2 years ago was sub-par.. I don't know. But I ventured back craving a chicken cheesesteak as I've stopped eating beef recently. 
This time I got the chicken cheesesteak with spinach provolone and special sauce. It tastes great with or without the sauce -- but I like that the sauce is really sour and spicy to give it nice contrast. Like other yelpers have said -- it's huge chunks of fresh chicken breast -- don't expect the usual minced up / cut up meat that normally represents a cheesesteak. I will say that, I do sometimes crave that cut up minced up because it's less dry and absorbs cheese much better. But this is a great alternative

I also go the shrimp and chicken cheesesteak one time which was also great.

Carrot cake continues to be $1.50 and deliciously diabetic.
Lee's gave me just another reason to love living in West Philly.

I was wary of all the great reviews because I was afraid of hyping up the chicken cheesesteak too much and ending up disappointed. Despite that, I finally caved and got a chicken cheesesteak with spinach a couple weeks ago and it delivered BIG TIME.

As promised, the chunks of chicken breast were plentiful and juicy. The spinach was chopped into small pieces (possibly sauteed with garlic?) and stuffed into an incredibly flaky roll that perfectly toed the balance between soft and crunchy. 

The coup de grace? The sweet chili sauce that I proceeded to pour all over my cheesesteak (and then dip my cheesesteak into the few drops of sauce that were left in the container). Make sure you order extra sauce or you WILL regret it. I've been craving that sweet, spicy, tangy deliciousness ever since I finished my last bite...

Plus, Lee is a super nice guy and clearly works hard to make his customers happy.

At under $7 for one of these bad boys, I will be a regular at Lee's Deli until the sad day when I move out of the area.
Great neighborhood feel, friendly folks behind the counter. Mr. Lee is the man. Fries are on point. My boyfriend loves the chicken cheesesteak with either broccoli or spinach with their homemade sauces. I'm a fan of the veggie cheesesteak. Make sure to try the Carrot Cake Man's carrot cake!
Convenient, friendly-neighborhood deli. It is cash only, but there is an ATM on site. Vegan friendly options, if you're into that. Mr. Lee is a hoot and food ain't half bad.
I've been here a handful of times and been trying new things each time. I recently had the salmon cheesesteak with mayo and cheese with this Thai chili sauce. It was hella bomb! The area where the place is cute. The staff was very hospitable.
I've been here a few times to try some of there breakfast items and cheesesteaks. They make some bangin Korean infused cheesesteaks. The breakfast items are above average. However the menu is quite expensive and not something I can afford every other day. The owner is usually around in the shop with his wife. Very polite and courteous people. If the menu were a bit cheaper I'd like to think this place would become a regular favorite of mine
I ordered the Bulgogi cheesesteak and it was good but I would only give it a 4 out of 5. The fries are seasoned and delicious.
I concur with the other reviews.  My review is simply to acknowledge the carrot cupcakes and sweet potato pies at the counter.  I can't seem to leave this place without one or the other.
Lee's is a classic West Philly sandwich shop. You can get a huge variety of cheesesteaks there and all under $10 that will feed you for two meals. The Korean cheesesteak is a good starting point. The staff are pretty friendly too, and some veggie options but you can eat so much meat otherwise.
Outstanding food , I always get a salmon platter with egg & broccoli to me on the healthy side. & when I wanna kick it up a notch I'll take a salmon & broccoli steak with shrimp  can't say enough love it !!
my experience was ok.....,
the italian hoagie was ok.....
the gentleman who was making it was very  slow.... the lettuce was 2 thick... & my chicken cheese steak was done before the hoagie..... hoagie's r my specialty....& this italian hoagie was just ok........service was excellent.......THE CARROT CAKE WAS 
AMAZING....

i'm available for hoagie's.......just saying....
e-mail me.......
I had high expectations for Lee's.  Lee's came highly recommended and has high recommendations on Google Maps and other sites.  I got the Korean BBQ cheesesteak.  It was good.  This may have been all night off night for all of us. The college students are still on winter break so things were slow.  Very tasty Korean BBQ cheesesteak and the veggies make it healthy.  I was hoping to be wow'd.  Good Cheesesteak experience.
I have pass this place driving many time before and never thought twice about it and damn i was missing out until now. I was watching this vlog on YouTube call JL Jupiter. Where these guys go around to different mom and pop shops in Philly and Jersey area and i saw the episode when they came here and they had the game over cheesesteak with the parmesan  cheese fries and all I can say is OMG. This is one of the best sandwiches i have had. The menu is huge and i will be back to try more of there wonderful food. Trust me you cant and wont go wrong coming here I PROMISE YOU.
I think alot people forget about this place. Right next to the Abbys Desert Lounge and Fu Wah, Lee's kind of gets the cold shoulder. It really isn't the most welcoming place in the world and it's not really a deli either. But it is a tight spot for some alright grill food. West Philly is devoid of good greasy spoon type of breakfest places except for Philly Diner. But Lee's is the real deal. The eggs are cooked to order, crisp bacon, hearty sausage patties and potatoes with tons of fried onions. Get some toast with it and a decent cup of black coffee and the day is on!  Oh and that jam is served all the live long day.
When I die I want to be buried with a Lee's cheesesteak. I love this place! The food is always great and prepared fast. I definitely recommend stopping by if you're in the west philly area!
Cheapies.  I dig this place when I have cash (it is cash only) and want a banging chicken cheesesteak with some greens on top or a breakfast sammich.  Employees are so nice, so quick, and very attentive.  Always people in there, though there's limited space for sit-down eating.  Yes, they have coconut water.  Fresh baked goods too...uhhhh who woulda thunk?
My Sister mentioned Lee's Deli to me on a few occasions. So a few days before my birthday, we decided to take a 15 minute drive & grab something to eat. It's a pretty small restaurant sitting right on the corner of 47th Baltimore Ave. Clean, ATM, Big Menu & awesome service. I can't remember the exact name of the cheesesteak I order, but it had Shrimp & Broccoli on it !!! It was SOOO good.. I had cheese fries that were a bit salty, but it wasn't a big upset for me. I plan to visit again in the near future...
You'd miss this place walking by but it is truly a gem. There are so many menu options to choose from and you won't go wrong with any of them! Your best bet...you'll just have to try them all. They'll customize anything in the menu to suit your fancy!
Great food. Decent amount of vegetarian options. Space is small so seating is limited. Cash only so come prepared. I'll definitely be back.
