Little Pete's was a go-to prior to the pandemic and is now my go-to lifesaver. 

I don't even know how many times I've gotten delivery from them the past few months, and I will continue to support them as long as I can.

I usually customize an omelette: turkey bacon, American cheese and broccoli with mashed potatoes instead of home fries (or French fries later in the day). Did I mention they serve breakfast all day? It doesn't get much better than that.

The other day I was feeling ambitious and also added the Manhattan clam chowder and a grilled cheese. The grilled cheese came with a pickle and bag of chips.

I can't close out this review without mentioning their awesome staff. The staff who answers the phone is always polite and friendly. The delivery is always quick and the food comes hot. 

During this season of gratitude, I want to publicly declare how grateful I am for Little Pete's.
First time at the Fairmount location of Little Pete's! This is an old school diner all the way. I had a coffee within moments of sitting down and I saw all the usual breakfast staples on the menu. I ordered an omelet with onions, peppers and feta, and it was dropped off in no time at all. 

My dining companion and I lingered for a while after breakfast and it became increasingly harder to get a coffee. But, overall, it was a very solid experience and a great option for a weekday, since it was relatively quiet.
Cathy, our sassy server, was a delight.  She is a pro and has been here for about 6 years.  We sat in their outdoor "Covid Tent" on a busy Sunday morning at 11.  We got a table for 4 right away and juice/coffee/tea.

The eggs Florentine are terrific but they come with cheese.  Next time I will skip it and also get the copious amount of hollandaise sauce on the side.  A calorie/fat bomb for sure.  Too about 1/3 of it home.

Now I need a nap...
Cute little diner that is not far from the Philadelphia Art Museum, I was able to get a late breakfast here with no trouble. Good coffee and a spinach omelette from a friendly and hustling waitress that took good care of me.

This place has a bunch of regulars. Two separate single gentlemen sat in her section and she never even had to ask for their order, she placed a bowl of chili in front of one and a BLT in front of the other.

Decent prices for a big meal. No fancy but yum.

[Review 10378 overall, 144 of 2019.]
I really liked this diner. It's tucked away in another facility so you may think you're heading in the wrong direction but it's there so keep going. 

We walked in and were seated quickly. We were quick to decide what we wanted. Yes I went with creamed chipped beef. This was better than the last diner I had it in around the area. The mimosas were cute. They brought you a mini bottle of champagne where you got a couple out of it. 

The server was very prompt. The decor was traditional diner style. They even had a little outdoor patio. 

This is a very good choice for a diner in Philly.
We kind of have a real soft spot for Pete and his place. We've been coming here for at least 10 years or so...separately as singles for hangover food, as a couple after a walk on the drive, then to fulfill pregnancy comfort food cravings and now with both of our kiddos. The staff here has watched our family grow so it does hold a special place for us. 

Little Pete's is always an option for us. We love sitting outside on a gorgeous night. It's so easy with the kids. They run around, make messes I don't have to worry about because the birds come to clean up. They can be louder and free and it's just pretty relaxing. 

I've tried many items on the menu and never had a single one I didn't like, but in recent years it's rare that I order anything besides the Greek salad. It's just so darn good! The balsamic is the best I've EVER had. It's Pete's own recipe. He told me the secret is in the fresh squeezed tomatoes. You can purchase some to go for salads at home for the rest of the week which is what I usually do. So, so yummy!!! When I did get feta in it, it was the most delicious feta ever! Highly recommend this salad!! One of the best Greeks in the city! 

Hubs always gets mozzarella sticks and a Reuben which he downs in the blink of an eye. The kids meals are reasonably priced and are very large in size. We all leave very satisfied. 

They have a full bar which is pretty cool for a diner! 

Desserts are pretty delicious too. 

I normally don't "do" diners, in fact, you can't drag me to one, but Little Pete's is definitely the exception. It's pretty darn great diner food. I mean we're talking lump crab, very tasty pasta dishes, fresh fish and seafood, homemade soups and big omelettes. There's also a full page of ever changing dinner specials which include soup and dessert. It's a lot of food! 

Ask to be seated in Stephanie's section! She's an absolute doll! 

You will always see Pete himself shuffling around, busting his butt and saying hi to everyone. For us, this is just another reason why we like it here so much. We like knowing the pride he takes in his place and that we're going to see the same smiling faces each and every time we come. 

Unmetered parking right there on Fairmount. We usually park right there. It may take a few circles on busier days, but we always find something close. 

This makes for a great pre or post museum meal. 4th of July festivities on the parkway, Made In America Fest, you name it. The location is very convenient. Leave your car and just walk over to it all. 

The bathrooms are located just outside in the hall. Key is hanging on the back wall before the door.
I came here for takeout because I really needed comfort food. The place was full of old people and had that sterile hotel restaurant smell, good signs for a greasy spoon.

The egg part of my omelet wasn't that bad, but the filling (ham, cheese & mushroom) was just depressing. Canned mushrooms? Really? Why even put mushrooms on the menu? My toast wasn't buttered, which is sad because one of my joys in life is toast soaked with more butter than I could every justify applying to bread at home. The homefries were dried out, but only a little brown, it made me wonder how they were cooked. 

Service was fast, though, and everyone seemed sweet except for the blond woman behind the counter. I probably will not be back because I paid about as much as I would have at Sabrina's for lackluster food.
They have great food at an affordable price: meal for 2 below $20. You need to pay a $2 extra to share a day's special, but they bring it in two plates and with 2 bowls of soup.

 I tend to dislike food with pepper, but I gave it a try when they said that the chicken was pre-seasoned. Well, they really know how to use pepper (and this is rare). 

I just dont give a 5 because they forget about your beverage after they bring your food (and I went there twice).
I was super hungry and my friends were trying to go to dive bars, so I wasn't allowed to get a burger at Bishop's and this is where we ended up.  

The address is a little weird here, as the entrance is on the backside of the Philadelphian on Fairmount.  They have a nice little courtyard with tables and umbrellas, and allow smoking but don't provide ashtrays.  It seemed we were the only people there under 60, and since it was Yom Kippur they had a fully kosher menu addition.

I got chicken fingers and fries and an Amstel light (p.s.  cheap beer selection), but unfortunately everything was a little over done.  Plus they mixed my honey mustard with the BBQ sauce which creeped me out because I really hate (cheap) BBQ sauce.  My friends really liked their meals (western omelet, bagel w/ cream cheese and lox, and a french onion soup).

The service was really good, even if our waitress was new and very unfamiliar with the menu.  We were seated immediately and they kept offering us bread and water.  

I think I'll try this place for breakfast (the omelet looked fantastic!), but not again for dinner.
Nothing is finer than eating at your diner. That infamous Seinfeld quote probably best expresses my jubilation when I found out Little Pete's existed. How I lived in Fairmount for over half a decade without this knowledge is beyond me.

As a former Jersey girl, I have an appreciation for diners. Breakfast for dinner, grilled cheese sandwiches galore and variety of options at my fingertips make diners my thing.  Taxed with the "where to have brunch" dilemma, my husband and I decided to give them a shot over the weekend. 

Big plus for the outdoor dining courtyard setback a notch on Fairmount Ave. We were able to select a table that was both in the shade and allowed us to people watch the foot traffic on the street in front of us. 

The service was stellar. We were cared for by our server, a busboy and a few others. They weren't polished like in a fine dining establishment per say, but they were friendly and on top of their game in terms of taking care of all of our needs. 

While they have a special for Bloody Mary's, there wasn't one for mimosa. For $9 and change they will give you a split of champagne and glass of orange juice. That's definitely larger than a regular pour of mimosa in some establishments down the street. 

My Western omelet was on its A-game. It was large with ham, fresh peppers and fresh onions. It came with a side of hash browns and I opted for rye toast. They did not butter the toast, but it came out hot enough for me to butter it on my own and get some melting action. I also sampled my husband's challah French Toast with strawberries and found it to diner A-quality as well. The only thing in the negative were the hash browns; they just didn't taste overly fresh. The portions were so large that I'm willing to overlook the potato problem, especially since everything else was good. 

I'm also going to have to dock Little Pete's for the hours. Unlike Jersey diners, they close at 10pm. It hurts to think of all the late night potential they (more like I) are missing out on.  

I had to pay my check at the bar inside. It was cool to see one of the employees from Klein's Supermarket next door eating at the bar and in a lengthy conversation with the bartender. To me, it showed that there are good relationships with regulars, and locals (or at least locals to the workforce) like it. 

Just keep in mind that it's diner food and you'll do just fine. I can't wait to go back, have some more breakfast and try some other things.
I recently found out this Little Pete's is owned by the brother of the guy who owns Little Pete's in Rittenhouse. Makes sense. You cannot argue with this place on a Saturday morning. 

The rye toast is toasty, not just "warm bread", the cheese omlette is generously cheesy, the hash browns are crisp, the coffee is hot, the service is super quick and the prices are fair. As a fan of diner food, I'm glad Little Pete's is in my neighborhood.
ok, this was a quite unexpected visit. Mainly because the food was much better than i even begin to expect. Sid got the brisket which i tasted and was almost in tears because it reminded me so much of my Jewish Grandmother's if that's not a compliment i don't know what! I had my typical diner food; grilled cheese on white with mustard and tomatoe on the inside. MMmmm delish. Came with a pickle. Had the cream of mushroom soup to start out, which i scarfed down and Sid has the chicken soup. I didn't taste his so i don't know how good it was but it looked good. It has those round ball noodles. Di pepe? I don't know what you call them. The meal also came with bread and crackers and butter.. Fresh bread. Didn't get to the crackers. The waitress was fun too. So the whole meal was pleasant. I was in food coma after and left my cell at my table. Luckily i realized it pronto and got it immediately. I've never done that before. We came from seeing Malcom Gladwell give a lecture at the Library so I was in a great mood to begin with.
With the COVID-19 outbreak, I needed to get creative with meals. I've also wanted to support small businesses too! 

Ordered pancakes today from Little Pete's for a lunchtime breakfast. I was happy with the pancakes and bacon I ordered. I live close by but they also deliver. The people were really nice too!

A bright side to all of this pandemic - learning about new places close by my house. I plan to order there again and, maybe, even eat in the diner when the time comes again.
This is a really solid diner in a neighborhood that needs a solid diner. Are they related to the center city location? I hope so...? I honestly do not know.
Anyway, really large space with a ton of tables both indoors and out. The local crowd seems to entail a lot of elderly folks and/or regulars who are treated like friends and family. I went on the morning of July 4th and it wasn't too crowded, which I'm sure many of the more hip local spots were. They even have a full bar, and I fully expect to hit this place up for a cocktail and pancakes after a shitty overnight shift some time soon. 
The service was kind and prompt, served just like you should be at a classic diner-with a little sass and a whole lot of "hun's" thrown in there for good measure. We got our meals in probably less than 10 minutes of ordering them, and I really enjoyed the hash browns-crispy and not too dry, with the option of adding sauteed red onions. Why wouldn't you do that? Yum. The food was pretty standard, solid diner breakfast. There is an option for a $3 bloody mary along with the weekend brunch menu. I like where your head's at, Little Pete's. 
I will most definitely be back, likely pretty regularly, for my standard breakfast fare with sometimes not too friendly neighborhood old folks.
Didn't know there was an old-fashioned diner so close to home!  This is a true diner - ladies brunching after church, menu with pictures on it, waitresses who call you "doll", mirrors on the wall, mints at the register... you get the gist.

Little Pete's has everything you expect from a diner and nothing more.  Not a hipster-y, Challah french toast with lemon-infused syrup type of diner... just a diner.  As I like to say, you get what you get and you don't get upset.  I got the veggie omelette with hasbrowns and toast - perfect hangover meal.  My boyfriend got pancakes with eggs and bacon, and agreed that it hit the spot.  

The clientele is definitely more "mature" than most of the restaurants in the area, and by 3pm the place had mostly cleared out.  Our waitress was friendly and quick.  The Phillies game on the flatscreen near our table was also an added plus.  And they did have (wrapped) mints at the register, which I love!

I'll definitley come back here anytime I'm in search of an inexpensive, easy brunch.  I think our bill was barely over $20, including our 2 meals, iced tea, and grapefruit.  Yay diners!
Open and ready for business. Quick and easy service all around. We were in and out within 45 minutes. Ate outside under the tent they have going. I must say the crowd was older and an older gentlemen had an "accident." I hope he was okay as an ambulance came to snag him. Wishing him well. 

What we snagged: 
-Triple decker corned beef sandwich. Very greasy meat and nicely toasted wheat bread. Came with chips! 
-Greek Wrap. Said it came with feta cheese, however it had goat cheese. The wife didn't eat it and shared with others. At least tell us that you don't have feta! All good though. 
-Turkey Wrap. Large and in charge. Great taste. 
-Side of crispy fries. Very nice and hot like the summer sun. 

Overall, great experience. If anyone wants a quick bite outside, Pete's is your joint.
Little Pete's has made it through the pandemic- essentially. Like other businesses nationwide, they have been having a hard time with having enough workers. In fact they announced they are closing for a bit to give their workers a break. I look forward to going back my next visit!
When I visit my mom at her condo in The Philadelphian we eat most meals at Little Pete's where literally everyone knows her name. She is such a regular and so loved by the owner-family and the employees there that she sits down and chats everyone up, doesn't even look at a menu or order breakfast or lunch, and her food is brought to her just as she likes it. At dinner she will sometimes look at a menu.

This place is always busy- three meals a day, seven days a week.- and it is predictably good. Last night we had the baked chicken (pic), fried oysters (pic), and Greek lamb with orzo (pic). The lamb shank was braised in a tomato-based sauce, cooked together with the orzo and fall-of-the-bone.

As other reviewers have mentioned, this is not high end haute cuisine. However if you are looking for reliable-as-the-day-is-long comfort food, with a huge selection, you can't do better than Little Pete's. 

Special thanks to Pete and his family, as well as Angela, String Bean Bo, and Michelle, for taking such good loving care of my mom!
I LOVE Little Pete's.  We both do.

I actually 'forget' to go there so when I go I am even happier to be back..."Oh, we haven't eaten here in sooo long...how nice it is!"

You can't go wrong with this place. Everything is tasty...the soups especially...but the best part is they are SO NICE!!!  Everyone who works there makes you feel welcome and is interested in ANYthing you say.  Granted I am probably one of the youngest customers that goes there...the median age being about 80...

Dinner hour sort of gets started in a place where the older folks like to hang...so be prepared about 3 to smell the stuffed cabbage and beef stroganoff dinner specials.  

One amazing note:  At lunch, the place is filled with people chatting in millions...high finance, real estate, art...quite interesting.
Eggs ? Will it soak up all of last night thats flowing through my veins and esp my head? What ? Give it to me!

I hardly ever eat eggs, can't handle them everyday [even though i make killer eggs], but boy when i want em bad bois, i get em here! I don't trust others to make my eggs either, I feel gross about it, but Little Pete's is just absolutely amazing!

Eggs Benedict, the one with Spinach and tomatoes, is my favorite! I get it without the tomatoes though. Get the Hollandaise on the side, otherwise everything's lost in it and u feel like the fattest kid on the block when u are done. You wont even get around eating one-third of it if it is on the side, trust me, and makes the dish way healthier. I actually ate all of mine today, just because it felt so light and NOT gross. Not saying there anything wrong with the Hollandaise, but its a shit ton of fat u don't need.This place has it all, who cares whats on the menu, if you want it, pretty sure they can dish it out in no time. Price is super reasonable and if you want desserts , they have like a gazillion cakes at the back. 

I will say this, they get extremely busy, and their job is super difficult, but I have never seen anyone behave badly ever or be mad, I love how everyone helps each other out, and on to the next thing. I love eating at a place where people have good work ethics and atmosphere, and they do. Love the ladies who serve my food, I feel like a spoiled brat [i'm not] when and if i want my eggs in the morning, and automatically start thinking they are my mommies and I go be that girl, who wants the sauce on the side and what not, and they give me the angry mom look and smile at me :D

Eggs and pseudo-moms? That's how i roll!
Philadelphia's oldest crowd.

Food was Ok at best.  Huge menu but diner style food. Waitress repeated my order for a hamburger 3 times and was wrong until the last try.  Needless to say, it came wrong.

bread was limp and smooshed, meat was dry,  fried onions were raw cause she got that wrong,  and some how the burger was still oily and greasy.

The pickle was limp,  free dinner roll was cold, but the cole slawwas good. 

Fries were delicious.
Solid. Solid. Solid. 

$5 delicious bloody marys, sassy waitresses, and huge omelets...could you ask for anything more? 

Details: I believe there is some sort of bloody mary special on the weekends ($2.95 for a smaller version... I am all about the big BM though) 

Waitresses/Waiters are awesome! The kind of wait staff that calls you hun and toost.  They are sassy but still make sure you finish your veggies! 

I am a creature of habit when I go here because it is so delicious and never disappoints. ( egg white omelet tomatoes onions mushrooms). 

PROS: service! bloody marys, omelets, six packs to go, huge menu selection, outdoor seating, people watching, some might think the decor in the place is a CON but I think its part of the charm( beveled mirror walls, fake plants, 90 year old patrons eating egg salad sandwiches), AFFORDABLE, delivery


CONS: hash browns are quite bland, I mean its a diner so its not culinary excellence (but who is expecting that at a place called Little Petes). 

Overall: If you are penny pinching but want to live like a king go here for brunch.  Have a drink, watch the people on Fairmount, and don't break the bank.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. It's a simple down-home diner. You really can't go wrong ordering anything from the menu. They have a special menu that you should always order from. Their specials are delicious. Pete the owner is very nice and you will often find him in this location. I used to live in the building where this restaurant is and I would get frequent deliveries. Now that I live closer to King of Prussia I miss little Pete's so much.
I may be a little biased because I think Pete is very nice. Like any dinner with a large menu some things are just ok while other items I could eat time and time again. My go to here is flounder francaise over angel hair. It's a small location and the clientele coming from the Philadelphian are good for a laugh ( 80+ years old) but the food is consistent and that is key. They have a full bar and friendly staff so if you are looking for good local eatery stop here.
I've been here twice and my recent time was my last.

The food is alright for diner food; there's not much to praise about this location unless you haven't been to any of the other diners in the city that offer similar service and better quality food. I guess what makes this place stand out is the proximity to the Art Museum and it is in a very nice neighborhood. 

I'm giving this location two stars because the service I got this past Saturday was atrocious. I'd give one star but the wait staff are pleasant and the food is filling for how much you pay and get. It wasn't even our server--it was the kitchen.

I ordered the blueberry pancakes with two eggs, two pieces of bacon, and a side of home fries. Of course, with onions and peppers cooked in because there is no other way to enjoy home fries! I forgot what my partner ordered lol

The food came out in a timely manner. Yay! 

However, the server dropped my plate and with an apologetic face told me that my pancakes did not have blueberries (they did come with a side of fresh blueberries) on them. Kitchens make mistakes all the time, it happens and I'm generally a sympathetic person but what took me aback and actually made me angry was when she told me "I'm sorry, I asked the cook if he could remake them and he said no and to just give this to me and say the kitchen made a mistake.

I think I was better off not knowing that the kitchen didn't want to remake pancakes for a guest. I was flabbergasted. Perhaps I'm overreacting but pancakes? 

The rest of my food was alright and when our waitress came back to ask how our food was, she again apologized and told me that the cook was one of the bosses or that one of the bosses was in the kitchen and that's why I couldn't get new pancakes. She even expressed that she was pissed. I too was pissed and even after when my pancakes weren't comp'd and we had to pay for them still.

Again, our waitress was very sweet and sympathetic but knowing that the kitchen made a mistake on an item that does not cost much to make or even take too much time to make was the biggest insult I've ever had going out to eat. 

It's a shame this place is nearby but I'm willing to venture elsewhere for service that is ALL AROUND good.
Ok diner, fare breakfast fare . Doesn't really cut it in the city of eaterly love . . . why go here when theres Sabrinas, Honeys, et al ? All the same, its been here forever, so it must have something going for it ( :
Big menu.  Comfort food and healthier alternatives as well.  The hash browns were not the best ever, but good enough to satisfy my craving.  Prices incredibly reasonable.  My husband had a pork sandwich with greens that was really good.  Our waitress was a doll: funny, friendly, and pointed out a special that saved us some dough.
Decent food. Nice people. 

My girlfriend and I decided to share a bacon burger. I was upset (out of principle) because they charged us an extra $2 for cutting the burger in half.
Simple, delicious, inexpensive breakfast food.

I went on a Friday after an appointment in the area and was delighted to find that the breakfast special on Fridays is scrapple & eggs.  I was sold!
Food is crap, great place to meet people over 75. All jokes aside, while I like seeing that seniors have their spot, the food is just gross and the coffee is basically brown water.
My favorite thing about this diner, besides the food, is that it's not fancy and there's zero fuss. Any restaurant you go to anymore needs to deliver an experience--which, fine, great--but in most places I never feel like I can relax and just enjoy everyday food like I can here. Sometimes service is slow if there's one server working or something like that, but it hardly matters to me because I'm so relieved the wait staff is human. And the service is good when it comes.

Breakfast food is one of my favorite things in this world and Little Pete's has the complete, traditional morning roster any time of day. Also I tried rice pudding Pete made himself and it was the best rice pudding I ever had.
Im torn on stars for this place, the service was Meh, kinda like you would expect from a late night place with people who hate their jobs and all around hate people, but it worked - if that makes any sense. 

First time here so I didnt know where to go & followed the woman walking in front of me in the door (turns out I went in the wrong door, and from that point on, EVERYONE stared at us and then was like " You came in the wrong door" - Shit I get it, but I just followed the person in front of me in)! 

So yeah that kinda started the experience off, wasnt feeling too welcome, took us about 15 mins to sit (there was a party of 17 ahead of us). 

Then when finally seated, I got the looks from our waitress as if I should have known what I wanted before my ass even hit the seat! Sorry, I have 2 young pick children and my Elderly mother with me, I needed to read some stuff.  

Had been mentioning I wanted to try Eggs Benedict (up until this meal, I had never had them - something about Hollandaise scared me, IDK, It just did) so I got those, the kids got standard things, food was fairly fast. Really good Bloody! 

The EB was quite literally the best thing I have ever tasted and at this moment I was soo mad I waited soo long to try them. Now the 4 stars is because since then I have tried them everywhere Ive been if they are on the menu and NONE OF THEM compare to this location, something about the sauce or being that it was my first, its all nostalgic, again IDK.  
 
But yeah I really want to hate this place because I felt soo rushed, unwelcomed & everything my son ordered (Donut, Muffin - was all out and they didnt have anything)  But in the back of my mind I cant stop thinking about that damn plate! 

I will def be back when in Philly! 

But ooh yeah one point, skip the french toast, I make better at home, they were just blah berries on cold toast!
Little Pete's is great! I got the two eggs with sausage and everything was cooked perfectly. The coffee is good and the servers are nice and attentive.

Plus, this place is open early so when you take a red-eye flight in from Phoenix and all you want is a hearty breakfast at 7 a.m. - Little Pete's is there!
**Note to the uninitiated like myself: The address of this place is a tad misleading -- it's NOT on the Pennsylvania side of the building, but rather on the Fairmount side. So, if you're say, a tourist visiting Eastern State Penn, this makes Little Pete's an optimal spot to grab a bite just before or after.**

This is a solid 3.5, but more to the 4 side than the 3.

Be still my Jersey heart - Little Pete's is a straight up Greek diner, and for the Mister and me, it was the ideal spot for a quasi-brunch on a windy, cold holiday-week morning.

Service took a minute to get off the ground, but once it did, it was quick. Yes, it's a haven for fussy seniors, but most good and affordable diners are.

The coffee was okay... nothing stellar, but decent enough.

I had the Eggs Benedict, which other Yelpers recommended with good reason -- nice portion size, eggs poached to yolky perfection and the hollandaise is delicious, with a tangy, mustardy kick. The home fries were sort of bland, but there was just enough hollandaise left in the gratin dish to where I was able to plop the taters in, coat them in the sauce and relish my concoction.

The Mister opted for a grilled cheese with bacon on whole wheat and a couple of eggs over light (accompanied by those ubiquitous potatoes). He's a tough customer to please, but he admitted that while the eggs were standard, the grilled cheese was among the best he's had -- crisp, melty and just plain good.

We received the lunch specials menu, and they didn't look bad at all... maybe next time!
Massive diner menu--whatever you could want, they've got it, from BLTs to sirloin steak dinners. Big portions, excellent efficient service, reasonably priced for what you get. Convenient to the Perelman Building and Main Building of the Art Museum, or a good place for takeout in the Fairmount area. It's got that old diner charm that if you're from New York or New Jersey will make you feel nostalgic and you'll appreciate.
THANK GOD a no frills breakfast spot.  After moving to Fairmount, I was inundated with all of these restaurants with brunch, but not just a spot to get scrambies and a coffee.  Little Petes is just that.  Its a little overpriced for such simple food, but then again what isn't in Fairmount.   One complaint that is HUGE for me... awful awful coffee.  It could be a dealbreaker in this blooming beautiful relationship.
A staple of the Fairmount neighborhood for breakfast/brunch on the weekend.  This is the place to go if you're looking for a good omelet, pancakes, eggs, etc at a reasonable price.  There's nothing luxurious about the atmosphere or the food (feels like a diner), but it's reliable for good food and you usually leave full.  

LP's has plenty of outdoor seating which is great in the warmer months.  It's very bike friendly, as many people come with their bikes after morning rides on the weekend.  We're so lucky to have a place like this in our neighborhood.

Although the address says Pennsylvania Ave. the store front and outdoor seating is actually on Fairmount next to Klein's Supermarket.
Little Pete's is one of the few places you can get a diner style breakfast in the hood, and so it's always a go-to on Saturday or Sunday mornings... especially because there isn't a crazy wait like there is at Sabrinas. 

The food is pretty good, nothing overly outstanding but you can get your standard diner fare and if it were just for the food I'd be giving this joint 4 stars.  But it's never JUST about the food, now is it?

My major gripe with this place has to do with service.  There are a couple of waitresses who are bustling around the outdoor area, and according to my man friend one is incredibly rude.  I've never had the pleasure of dealing with her so I can't speak to just how rude she is... The waitress I have had a few times is nice, however she gives us no time to decide our order.  Her: "you guys all set?" us: "can we have a few more minutes?" her: "sure!" ...... 35 seconds later Her: "you guys ready?"....crickets.

So after hastily deciding on our menu choices, we got our food pretty quickly.  She gave us a bottle of Ketchup which naturally we presumed was for our table for the rest of the meal.  WRONG.  After a few bites, our waitress comes and asks if we're done with our bottle.  I respond no and pick it up and use it again and she waits for me to put it back down and takes it for another table saying that they can't have all of the bottles outside right now because the heat makes the ketchup go bad.  Really?.....really.   I then realize that my toast doesn't have butter on it... and we weren't given a bowl of butter packets either.  I asked the other waitress walking around for some and she seemed bothered by my request.  

All in all, highly disappointed with the service, and indifferent about the food.
Walked in after visiting the art museum. Extensive menu bound to have something you like. Great, attentive service. Our meals came with two sides, a soup, a salad, and after we were stuffed, the waitress said that it came with dessert. In terms of diners this place is great.
Little Pete's is a bare bones, honest to goodness, homey diner. Tucked in the ground floor of an apartment building mostly populated by the elderly, this spot deserves a gold medal for diner food. Massive menu, cheap prices, waitresses that have been there forever, the works. We've been a few times after a night out and their breakfast hits the SPOT. The 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, & breakfast meats combo is perfect. Plus they have amazing milkshakes. You really cannot go wrong. If you are in Fairmount looking for a cheap eats spot, check out Little Pete's.
I love this place. It is where all my friends and I get together for breakfast/lunch and even dinner! The food is true diner food and fresh! They deliver and are good to their customers!
Good food, right in the heart of Philly, some simple cuisine with great wait staff and good comfort levels. My kind of Breakfast.
First, and very important: It is NOT located at 2401 Penn Ave. This is a misnomer. If you go this way you will get lost through a retirement home. Little Pete's is on the OTHER SIDE! The entrance is on Fairmount Avenue. You can get there through 2401 but it's confusing and there's no one to guide you.  

That said, what a great little place. Sunday for brunch it's very crowded. Service, once we sat down, was very quick and no BS. The bloody mary was really delicious and the steak and cheese sandwich was delicious. One small tip for those who are visiting, when you ask for peppers and onions, they put sweet peppers on the steak and cheese - not green peppers. Just in case you're use to one type of pepper or another, but they're not much and you can pick them off. 

Otherwise a great place.
The omelette and hash browns take up your whole plate!!!
The bloody mary's are not spicy enough for my liking, but it got the job down. 
This place is quick, decently priced and the customer service was great.
Get here early because it tends to fill up on the weekends.
I'd call this more of a diner than a restaurant.  Extensive diner-style menu, but the best part is that there is a huge outside seating area.  Great place for Sunday Funday.  $3.50 bloody mary special, and mimosas come with their own individual mini-bottle of Korbel ($9).  Got a turkey burger, which was average at best, but that was probably my own fault for trying to keep it somewhat healthy.  Fries were crunchy and delicious (ok I didn't keep it totally healthy).  Great spot to go for breakfast/brunch in nice weather!
Little Pete's is unapologetically----Little Pete's.  It's proud to be just what it is--a kind of diner with the kind of waitresses you want, who offer good service and call you "hon."  It's right in my neighborhood, and awfully convenient.  I have a friend who loves to come here whenever she visits, so I've been here often.  It's especially good for breakfast, but you can get real comfort food here any time.  Look, it's not fine dining or lah-de-dah, so if that's what you're looking for, there are other places in the neighborhood that can give you that.  Come to Little Pete's for diner food and a place to chat with your friends at breakfast (or lunch.  or dinner, for that matter).  Or come alone; the waitresses will take good care of you.
I live nearby and go here once a week for takeout. Their specials are a great value and food is generally well prepared and consistent with a huge selection. I love their baked macaroni and most other side dishes. 

It's listed as wheelchair accessible by I can't find a way to get in with my power chair. Past the first glass door is a vending machine and I can't squeeze around it. Maybe a narrow wheelchair can fit. The outside seating is quite comfortable and a definite draw during the summer.
Very overrated. Servers and management are RUDE!  Food mediocre at best.  Very large menu which leads me to believe that the most of the food is frozen, not fresh.  There are much better restaurants in the neighborhood.
It you like a lot of food, for not so much money than this is the place for you.  However, if you like real food with pleasant servers, best to go elsewhere.
This place is awesome it's a local yocal but enjoys visitors. It's diner like but food fresh and awesome !  You're not coming to a 5 star restaurant you're coming to down home cookin!  Food prices excellent alcohol prices about the same!   Come see for yourself !
Little Pete's is an old-fashioned diner very close to the Art Museum. I almost feel guilty critiquing a diner, because most time diner food is just that, diner food. Nothing special or spectacular, but filling and inexpensive. Dining partner and I were looking for a simple diner breakfast Sunday morning. We strolled in around 9:45 and there was ample seating both indoors and outdoors. I ordered the french toast topped with strawberries and he had the nova lox bagel sandwich. My french toast was a bit eggy for my taste and the strawberries also created a lot of moisture, making the french toast every mushier. I'll probably stick with eggs or an omelet next time. Dining partner enjoyed his lox and bagel. Service was good, my water was constantly filled. The menu is very expansive so we will definitely return to Little Pete's in the future to try dinner items.
Just what you'd expect from a greasy spoon diner.  Good, cheap breakfast and fast service.
Great spot for a quick breakfast or lunch. The eggs Benedict were great!!!  Ask for your potatoes well done because they come out a bit undercooked.
Visiting from Chicago and loved this place! Great scrapple and delicious coffee. Food came out so fast it should be called Pistol Pete's ;) Waitress was very pleasant as well. 
We'll be back when we come to visit next time!
It's a diner and your expectations should be just that. I don't order the dinner items or specials because it's a bit expensive for the end product or eating in a diner (or as takeout). They they have solid diner food and service. They have the food you want to eat! Breakfast items are consistently good and fairly priced. The eggs Benedict are reported by family to be amazing! The Reuben is always a favorite. And they deliver for free! You can't beat free and quick delivery! We order from here about once a week (sometimes more often).
Neat little place. You almost expect to see Flo come out from the kitchen to take your order when you walk in! The menu is huge and a mix of American diner food and Greek. Nothing too fancy, just as it should be for the setting. Just plain, simple good food.
The food was unbeatable!!!! Our waitress was a bit unpleasant but the food made up for that!
One of those old-fashion diner I like. I already order the nova lox jumbo platter, with toasted bagel. The white fish spread is great (but they also have smoked white fish meat as an alternative option. It's good too).
I was recommended to come here by an employee of the Art Museum. We informed him we were looking for somewhere to have a late breakfast and this place hit the spot! The restaurant had a very inviting and intimate feel. We didn't get anything to outrageous, just a simple breakfast platter. But from what I had I can say it was enjoyable and I am glad I took the quick walk to come here.
This place always seems to have a crowd, so my fiance and I stopped in for brunch last Sunday.  If you're craving tastes-like-home, simple diner food, then this is a great spot for brunch or lunch.  The menu, like so many diners, is huge.  I got a veggie omelet, which came with a coffee, toast, and hashbrowns.  Also got a bloody mary.  The bloody mary was very small but tasted okay.  The omelet was delicious!  The veggies were flavorful and seemed fresh.  The hashbrowns were just potatoes.... Potatoes don't inherently have a ton of flavor.  Load 'em up with salt, pepper, and ketchup and they will satisfied your craving for a gigantic guilty-pleasure breakfast!  We will definitely be back :-D
Great food, great service...the menu size was very large, with lots of choices... I had the crab stuffed grouper, end it couldn't of been prepared any better than it was. Delicately spiced, and the fish itself is of good quality. They didn't depend on the crab to make the dish. The bread & the split pea soup made a nice start, but the blue cheese dressing on the salad was homemade & very good. The baked potato was done correctly, too many places just don't take the time to make a proper one. Peas with mushrooms as a side was unique, I'm not sure if I had that mixture before, but it tasted good. All the customers around me seemed to be happy with their meals as well... Mike, my server never left me wanting, he's obviously done this before... overall a great mom and pop style place that's a little upscale...
Little Pete's is not fancy. It will not offer you fusion. It will not offer any of your high-falutin' brunch items you might find at the more upscale places around town. But if you're looking for some straight-up, no-fuss breakfast, this is the place. And their BLT is pretty solid. If you want some eggs or bacon or pancakes, hit it up. The homefries leave something to be desired, but otherwise it hits the spot.
When you don't know where to go or what to eat. Or it's a Monday and some places are closed for some reasons. It's my go to spot for something quick. Sometimes, I'm here in the morning before work or I ordered out for lunch. It's a diner. And so I like the variety of food choices and a large menu to choose from. As always it's nice to just get eggs, sausages, bacon and toasts. Hehe. Overall, it's a good spot to dine and most of the food are delicious.
