If you've never had Little Sicily, you'd think something like the club sandwich is so simple and you could easily make it at home. Negative. Little Sicily has got the Veg Club Sandwich down to perfection. Literally everything about it is phenomenal - the bread is toasted just right, the sauces complement each other excellently and the sandwich is flavorfully saucy but not too saucy where it fall apart on you, and the cheese:lettuce:veggies ratio is on-point. The spice level holds true, and there's hot sauce out if you're feeling extra zesty. They throw on a few masala fries with the club sandwiches, but you can't go wrong with a side order as well. Food is prepared as you order so be prepared to wait, but don't fret, it is well worth it!
A popular spot en route to the stadiums in South Philly is Little Sicily II.  This Italian sounding pizza and sandwich establishment is actually owned and run by Indians ... and that's where the menu becomes interesting.  You see on their spicy menu they offer up a cheesesteak with Indian spicing ... and yes it is very tasty.  I ordered the spiciest seasonings they use and it still wasn't too hot but gave a nice kick to the usual Philly cheesesteak. If you do indulge in this sandwich, I think you will maybe want to stop back a second time and try their Spicy Indian chicken cheesesteak!
Yes this is a pizza joint. No i haven't had their pizza, yes I'm giving it 5 stars.

This place has a secret menu that only local Indians have known about until now. I'm telling you what is is and how to order. (You're welcome Yelpers!)

Your order : Egg Keema hoagie with American cheese. Do not order it spicy unless you can eat a raw jalepeno whole. (I get medium and it bollywood dances on my taste buds.)

What is it? - The most amazing spicy scrambled eggs chopped super fine with chillies, ginger, garlic onions, tomatoes & a secret spice mix finished with butter & fresh cilantro (coriander) on a philly long roll with american cheese.

Your order: Indian Chicken Cheese Steak (go medium spicy or cry later)

What is it? - Chicken cheesesteak with chillies, ginger, garlic onions, & a secret spice mix finished  fresh cilantro. (Im a vegetarian but my crew could clear off a farm.)

Your Order: Indian Veggie Club

What is it? - Triple decker sandwich smothered with chili garlic sauce, & butter with lettuce tomatoes onions cucumbers thick cut american cheese, fresh cilantro and secret seasoning. Served with "Masala Fries" (French fries with secret seasoning.) 

For good measure. They serve normal pizza joint classics and also have a takeout beer coolers with a pretty solid selection. (Beer geek here reporting for duty.)

You owe me Yelp brethren.
What a hidden dive-y gem for some indian styled philly classics!

This place has the best and only Indian style cheesesteak you've ever had. They have beef, chicken, egg, or vegetable you can choose from. They also make Indian style pizza with the same toppings if you'd like.   I drive an hour to get the sandwiches. It is not on the menu but if you ask for it they will make it happily. 

This place is becoming better known in the Indian community and it is only a matter of time before Philly discovers the greatness of this quintessential Philly treat with a sharp left turn that takes you to India.  

The garam masala, garlic, ginger, green chili and onion create an amazing balance when chopped up in the meat or veg.
This place is such a hidden gem!! Being Indian myself, I was VERY skeptical of what an Indian cheesesteak would taste like. I was pleasantly surprised! I came with a few other people and we split a bunch of things.

We split the spicy chicken cheesesteak, spicy garlic bread, and masala fries. The spicy chicken cheesesteak was AMAZING - it was sooo cheesy and well-seasoned! It comes in different levels of spice (mild, medium, spicy, and extra-spicy). I got the "spicy" level, which was pretty spicy, even for an Indian palette! The spicy garlic bread was a great side dish - it comes with 6 large pieces and is made with a spicy sauce, cheese, cilantro, and seasoning. The masala fries were pretty good too but were not as spicy as I expected. Still a very different taste compared to your average french fries.

Service was great! We ordered at the counter and sat down at the tables after. Our food was ready in about 10 mins! Not bad at all. Can't wait to come back soon to try more things off the spicy menu!
If you were to wander into Little Sicily 2 on a whim, you'd probably think it was just your cleaner-than-average, mom-pop Italian joint: pizzas by the pie or slice, hoagies, cheesesteaks, Stromboli, garlic knots. As a bonus, they've got an impressive selection of cold beer and malt beverages, and just about any soft drink your heart desires. I'll be honest though. It's inconspicuous from the road. This is a place I would have never, ever discovered on my own.

I challenge you, if you dare, to explore the "spicy" menu for items such as the Spicy Curried Cheesesteak, Kheema, and Marsala Fries. These are the exactly the three items my friend and I ordered, at his suggestion. As he grew up in India, I trusted his judgement when he suggested the "Indian Cheesesteak," and I am so glad I did. Everything we ordered was insanely delicious. It was all made super hot and fresh to order, and the best part? The three dishes with two drinks was only about $22 - that's super cheap for the quality of flavor and freshness in our food. Not only were the spices perfectly blended, the textures perfectly meshed - it was satiating, and I was full for the rest of the day. I had to physically stop myself from gorging, because it would have been very easy to keep going. I like to think of myself as fairly tolerant of spice, but between the three options of Mild, Medium, or Hot, I'm glad I went Medium. I don't think I would have enjoyed my meal if the spice level was much stronger than their Medium. Kheema, a chopped egg curry dish, was my favorite. It was served with hot, buttered Texas toast and is intended to be devoured with your hands. Go ham, no one will judge.

You can call ahead or walk-in, and you can order-in or take it to-go. If you decide to eat in, there's plenty of seating and even a couple of large TV's to indulge in Philly sports. Parking is plentiful, which is nice regardless of how you take your meal. To top it off, this place is squeaky clean and the staff is super friendly.
I drove in from Delco just to try the spicy Indian menu. 

The spicy pizza is phenomenal. The combo of the spice with the sauce and crust worked well. I was afraid it might be a clash. But it worked, big time! I was a fan of the chicken over the paneer myself. 

The spicy chicken cheesesteak was also insanely good. In this case they achieved the perfect level of flavor. 

I bought way too much food just so i could have a taste of everything. My Indian wife was also quite pleased. She's the real judge. Leftovers for days worked for us.
This has to be the most unique cheesesteak place that I have ever been to. A couple of guju guys decide to get into the cheesesteak business and bring that good old Indian masala with them. Talk about a great idea!! While they will make regular cheesesteaks, you have to try their spicy cheesesteak. It has a great spicy kick, plenty of cheese, and a large portion of meat. They also have pizzas, sandwiches, and fries. All of which have an Indian style to them. The fridges have sodas and water but they also have 40 oz of beer in case you feel like kicking it OG style. Definitely try this place if you find yourself in Philly and craving a cheesesteak.
I tried the veggie club sandwich and masala fries. The best veggie sandwich I've ever had anywhere. I'm usually a meat eater, however I enjoyed it. Def has an indian kick to it. You can ask them to make it extra spicy if you're up for the challenge, though it should be doable if you're use to spicy food. You order at the counter, pay first, and then someone brings the food to your table. They don't have a fountain drink machine, so you have to buy bottled water/soda.  

Also the masala fries are very good as well.
I am a huge fan of Indian food! With that being said my Indian friend brought me here and I was confused at first. It is a pizza place located in a strip mall on Columbus boulevard. We walk in and I just see a bunch of different pizzas and a lot of beer. But what I did not know what they have the tandoori chicken cheesesteak and masala fries as an item not listed on their menu. It was my first time ever having something like this and I was intrigued. It was spicy and flavorful completely different then the traditional cheesesteak. Compliment it with the masala fries and I am in heaven. I have not had their pizza or hoagies but why eat that when they have this gem. If you are not fond of spicy food then this may not be for you. However you may be able to ask them to lower the spice level a bit. If you are in the area I would definitely recommend this place to any one who likes the flavor of Indian food and is craving a sub.
This is the BEST PHILLY CHEESE STEAK IN PHILADELPHIA.....Hands down! They chop there meat throughly and put what ever you like on it with a smile....not in a rush....not pushy....Hot and Fresh,  always when I'm in PA.  The steak is bigger and cheaper than pats and geno's. Don't follow the hype and get it right!.....here
Definitely smells of spices as soon as you walk in mmm haha not what you'd expect from a pizza place on the outside. But their spicy menu is definitely a hit. The spicy chicken cheesesteak with Indian spices/flavors are something so unique but done very well on a nice soft amoroso roll paired with masala fries - freshly made with a good crisp - are a perfect midnight snack, dinner, anything. 

The spice level isn't a joke though, but I'm a wimp lol some reviews below said a medium has a good kick but for me it's a pretty strong spice that sticks on your tongue. The masala fries are a bit spicy too, but that's what I would describe as only a kick. 

Overall really strong and good flavors, quick service and reasonable prices. Will def be back, and I looooove the smell
Don't judge a book by its cover! This place gets five stars based on cleanliness, customer service and ofc, the quality of the food. 

I tried the spicy chicken and spicy beef cheesesteaks - both were really good! The spices used made this cheesesteak so unique from any other you can get. They have cut up meat instead of slices of meat, which is  definitely how I prefer my cheesesteaks, and they use amoroso bread - so soft! Spicy is definitely spicy so go mild if you're not huge on spicy food! We also got the masala fries with cheese which was good, but the cheesesteaks are what did it for me.

The customer service is great too. We had been waiting for our food a long time and they later realized it was accidentally picked up by someone else. They knew what we were drinking and gave us two more on the house. Mistakes happen - I appreciate a business that can accept their mistake, take ownership of it and make that mistake right.

Also, you would never tell that the place is so clean from the outside but it is! Countertops are spotless, food station was clean and even the bathrooms were clean!
While not the absolute best, their pizza (among the other menu items) is good. Plus, you can chill on a 6 pack and just watch TV if you wanted to. They carry everything from wine coolers to specialty beers.
Honestly, who would've thought this small little restaurant would have amazing Indian food. I had their egg curry sandwich, and just look at the sheer size of this! It's so filling and completely affordable. It says true to fast food you would find on the streets of Indian. However, unlike those streets, this establishment was so clean that I didn't even notice we weren't even in a sit in restaurant. I did not try any of the non-Indian food, but everyone else's Yelp reviews say it is satisfactory but not out of this world. I would highly recommend going!
This is one true hidden gem in Philly. 

They have by far the best Indian food I have had in United States in Indian Veggie Hoagie, Egg Kheema, Veg Bombay Club Sandwich and Masala Fries.

(These items are not in their listed menu and need to be asked for - but this place is famous for these items and hugely popular among Indian crowd)

I recommend this to anyone looking for Indian Street food/ Snacks.
A pizza spot, that also serves cheesesteaks with your choice of protein. I had their spicy chicken cheesesteak-mild. Be aware that whatever spice level you choose, you're going to get flavors typically found in Indian cuisine - something no other spot does in philly (i dont think). It was different and good... however, i found the meat to bread ratio off. Maybe I'll come back to try their pizza. Maybe not.
The moment you turn into the gas station, you know the food is about to be OFF THE HOOK. This food has got me pumpeddddd to be living on this earth!!!!! THEIR INDIAN SPICY CHEESESTEAKS CAN SAVE LIVESSSSS. 

Tbh when I first saw it I was worried it was going to be dry. I was about to ask them to add some sauce to it but oh no. OH NO, could I be anymore wrong. This sandwich is absolute perfection. They have it down to a damn science. 

So get either the spicy chicken cheesesteak or spicy cheesesteak, either is phenomenal. My vegetarian friend got the vegetarian version and she said it was also bomb. The masala garlic bread is great too, again on the same fantastic bread. The paneer pizza was OK...not much to it. Would've wanted the pie to be more cheesy and gooey. But all in all- every bite here has got me feeling so blessed to be here.
The menu option here is huge and mimics an Italian pizza by the slice/ burger joint. However, do yourself a favor and order off the spicy menu. It's well worth it. If your looking for a kick or a little bit of Indian flavor, this is your place. Masala fries, spicy chicken cheesesteak, and egg bhurji with no toast in the picture. I ordered a medium for every thing and even though I love spicy food, I wouldn't have gone more than that. It was spicy !

Clean place and large beer selection. I'll definitely be back !
This little pizza place looks like just another take out place in a strip mall, I must have passed it at least a dozen times and not bothered to check it out especially since Wawa is a couple of doors down. Thankfully a friend of mine mentioned that that they have Indian style pizza and cheesesteaks! Say no more!!!! I looked at the reviews and the pictures didn't disappoint, we went on a Sunday and it was so crowded, we decided to try the paneer pizza, cheesy garlic bread, masala fries and the chicken spicy cheesesteak. We also bought hard seltzer and some beer. 
Although the wait time was excruciatingly long, the food did not disappoint! So so good! 
I am going to bring my NJ friends, who can't stop bragging about how good the Indian food in jersey is!
Pizza and cheesesteaks .... but also with an Indian twist! 

I ordered a spicy chicken cheesesteak which is flavored with Indian spices. It was sooo good and flavorful! IMO, it's better than the original philly cheesesteaks! The place itself is set up with tables and chairs. Beer/soda/juice/water/etc also available in bottles in the refrigerator. It's a casual place. Good prices. Min $10 for credit cards.
The one thing I really wanted on my philly trip was an Indian style cheesesteak. Little sicily looks like a regular little pizza place. I ordered the cheese steaks with masala fries and cheese sauce and I was super impressed. The Indian style cheesesteak was fresh, hot, and spicy! I wasn't expecting it to be as spicy as it was but I loved every minute of it. The cilantro flavor in it is perfect and not overbearing. Can't wait to come back. However, I was indifferent about the masala fries-It's a personal preference. I'm just not into them in general.
Don't be fooled by the entrance and location! The inside is very clean. The service was awesome. We ordered 2 things but after seeing the portion size we asked to cancel one item and they did that gladly! Make sure to get the masala fries!!
Although every time I have to wait in line for my food, I'm a little sad that the secret Indian Philly fusion menu is not so secret anymore but I'm happy for all the people that have found this place and all the people who work here. If you eat meat, try the chicken masala Philly. Their paneer  pizza is also great, those two items are the star menu items but everything else is great too. Even the standard Italian food is on target even if it has been made by Indians and Latinos, think they've been in South Philly long enough to pick up a few things. 

Caveats:
you're not going to want to work or think too hard after eating here.
When you ask for spicy, you will get spicy
You'll get your butter quota for the month, those with hard arteries are going to toughen them up more instantly
Solid indian-American fusion food. Lots of hype surround this restaurant so my husband and I went to check it out yesterday. Location is not the greatest. 

We tried the masala paneer pizza, masala fries, and Indian chicken cheesesteak and beef cheesesteak. Masala paneer pizza was forgettable - good concept but the quality of the pizza could have been better. Paneer was a bit dried out. Masala fries were delicious and the flavor was very familiar (we are both Indian). 

We had heard lots of good things about the sandwiches, so we were looking forward to trying them out. I felt that overall, the flavor and spice level is good, but not necessarily mind blowingly good. Would have appreciated a little more cheese on both. Chicken was preferable to beef. 

Overall, worth a try, if only for a novel concept. With so many good food options in the city, not sure we will be in a hurry to come back.
This place is out of this world. I wish I could give it more than 5 stars. Let me preface this by saying that we usually only order from the "secret" menu. They have a special Indian menu that is always always always our go to. I hear their regular food is delicious as well, though 

Simply put, we always get the grilled veg sub (pav bhaji sub) and the egg burji (kheemo). Sometimes we will grab masala cheese (!) fries! They always ask your spice level, mild, medium, or spicy (even extra spicy). Their food is spot on. Even their masala pizza is on point. Can't go wrong eating anything here.

When we are stuck with what we want to eat, Little Sicily II always seems to be our "fall back" and let me tell you it is never a bad option. Amazing food and great people that work there! 

If we ever left Philly, this would certainly be one of the places we would miss.. this place has become a staple amongst our routine. Love going here!!
The best. Period. The Indian-inspired garlic bread, cheesesteaks, pizzas, fries, AMAZING. It's the "spicy menu". Soo good. The wings & regular pizza is good too. If I lived closer...I'd be an extra 50 lbs!
Spicy chicken cheesesteak  tandoori pizza 

Be prepared to wait but know it is worth the wait
A well kept Philly secret is finally getting out: You've got to try the spicy chicken cheesesteak (aka chicken tikka cheesesteak). Great spice and flavor, these guys did the hybrid thing well.  

Right off the boulevard so parking is no problem. Price point is good

Will surely come back on my next visit
I heard a lot of great things about this place from my friends. Initially I thought it was just a regular pizza joint, so I was surprised when I went in and saw the menu and food. It's the classics fused with Indian style flavors. 

Although the pizza looked great especially the Indian style pizza, my gf and I opted to go for the spicy chicken cheesesteak, Bombay style veggie club, and masala fries. The seasoning on the fries was tasty. The chicken in the cheesesteak was minced really well and had great flavors and the right amount of spice/kick. However, It was a little dry and was missing a saucy element. The star of the dinner was surprisingly the veg club. It looked so simple but was so filling, fresh, and flavorful. 

We waited around 30 min for our order, but it was a nice Sunday evening so that's to be expected. Would definitely come back again and try other items, and even grab a few beers from their large beer inventory!
Very casual, not so great on ambience restaurant. The food here is exceptional. I have been here thrice and I love this place. Their bombay veg club and tuna veg club are amazing. Trust me when I say their tuna veg club is better than the subway tuna sub. We also the had the grilled chicken, which was decent only. This place never disappoints me.
soooooo.... this pizza was SOOOO good! My brother told me about this place and to be honest at first I was a little skeptical. "halal" pizza? other places i've tried the same, the crust was always off and the sauce to cheese ratio usually sucks! BUT the pizza from Little Sicily 2 was SOOOOO good! The crust was perfect and the sauce/cheese.  The chicken was like tandoori chicken pieces and it was super flavorful!  We also got the fries (without masala) and the chicken cheesesteak sandwhich was!  I forgot to take a pic of the cheesesteak sandwhiches but they were also SOOOO good! definitely recommend this place to anyone in the mood to try some really good pizza and cheesesteaks. will definitely be back next time i'm in philly :)
LOCATION:
- in the city of Philly 
- in a small shopping center with a gas station 
- plenty of parking available 
- hole in the wall, not the cleanest looking place. 
- alcohol sold in cans or bottles or in packs along the wall in fridges. Reasonable prices. 

FOOD:
- if you like spice, order under the spicy menu. There are different spice levels (mild, medium, hot)
- my friends and I shared our meals. My favorites were the masala fries, kheemo, and Philly cheesesteak 
- food is full of flavor and are served as huge portions. Easy to share one meal with more than one person. 
- no water cups available; be sure to bring your own drink or be prepared to buy a drink from one of their fridges

SERVICE:
- SLOW especially when there's a rush. We were there just before the dinner rush (around 5-6pm)
- friendly, answered questions 

OVERALL:
Would recommend this place. A hole in the wall place that serves flavorful foods. Affordable $4-10 for a decent meal. Don't pass up on this place.
Emphasis on LITTLE! I should have known to leave this place when I saw old, dry pizza sitting on the counter waiting to be sold in slices. But they were cooking fresh cheesesteaks so okay why not, I'm in the neighborhood. When the cashier passes me my cheesesteak, I took hold of it my hand and sandwich went limp. This thing was light as a feather not in a good way. So I take a seat open the sandwich and I had to pull back the world to find the meat. okay I'll let that go because I'm hungry. Nope wrong move the minimal meat was jammed into a chewy stale roll. 

I needed a beer to wash all of this down luckily there are so many options to choose from. The service was fast not necessarily unpleasant just not friendly, the cheesesteak here should never be entered in a Philadelphia's Best contest. Well at least the beer was cold!
Highly recommended. Great Indian style food or regular menu! Drove 50 miles for this place. That should say it all.
Great place! Fast service!  Excellent pizza. Staff was accommodating except for the man who was working the cash register on the night I was there. Miserable and made us walk to pick up our drinks instead of bringing them to us. That being said, I still loved it and can't wait to go there again!
This place is a true hidden gem in Philly! We always get the indian style chicken cheese steaks.the minced chicken is melt in your mouth! You can choose from mild, spicy and extra spicy. And the extra spicy is really spicy even for a brown girl who loves her spice!
One of my favorite places to visit anytime I am on the east coast... 

Absolutely love their Indian style sandwiches like Club Sandwich, Egg Bhurji Sandwich and Bhaji Sandwich... Don't forget to try their fries with special Indian Masala.
To be honest the food the food is great at times but sometimes they forget the cheese on my grilled veg sub which than doesn't taste good as it does. Their veg club sandwich's are the BEST in my opinion. I didn't like philly that much and this is like one of the reasons I love Philly. Anytime I'm here I post on my Snapchat and everyone asks why are you always at this place? It's great for food but the lady at the counter is very rude. I stood in line and she wouldn't take my order and let people that came after me go before me. That was so rude of her and when I went to pay her the money she again did the same thing when I came before the other people. I always go here for special occasions like my birthday or just for fun and that day was eh cause we had to wait so long and it wasn't even for the food it was just to order it. Otherwise great place for food.
Cheesesteaks are on point! Fries are always perfect. Pizza is yummy. Always friendly staff. Great selection on beverages including beer. 
Bathrooms leave a little to be desired but sadly I've seen worse.
I love their Indian styled Philly cheesesteaks!! It's spicy and the cheese is so well blended with it. I love how they add the cilantro to it, which is my favorite seasoning. It was pretty empty when I went, however don't be fooled by it because this place is a gem!
The fusion of a normal Philly pizza place with Indian spices.

Spicy chicken cheesesteak: 5/5
Masala fries: 5/5
Tandoori chicken pizza: 4/5

Need to try this is you like Indian food.
An unlikely place to find surprisingly good casual-Indian food. Hands down the best (Indian spiced) grilled veggie sandwich that I have ever had. I usually pair that with the masala fries and I am never disappointed. 
The decor and restaurant itself is super casual like any other city pizza joint. The prices are certainly reasonable. You can pair your meals with soda or a choice of beers which is nice. This place is off the boulevard so it has a ton of parking and a quick 12 min drive back into center city.
A great, great gem in Pennsport - their spicy chicken cheesesteak is out of this world. It's freshly made, on a perfectly toasted roll, and it's pretty affordable too. The pizza is pretty run of the mill, and I'm not too crazy about their fries but the aforementioned chicken cheesesteak makes this place worth it, along with an order of fried jalapeños. Pretty good selection of beers, too. 

Clean, quick and friendly. There's always a bunch of locals in there eating, so you know it's good.

Definitely check it out when you get the chance.
Craving a cheesesteak with an indian twist, this place is the only place to look.  A bit on the pricey side but worth every penny.  I have add the chicken and regular cheese steaks indian style and both are equally and uniquely great.  Do not miss out on the spice, the flavor, and the one-of-a-kind taste.
Food was all first class ( we tried egg burji sandwich; veggie sandwich; club sandwich; and masala fries). Place is clean. It's more of a deli setup. You place order at counter, go sit down, and wait for your name to be called for your food. I would've given them 5 stars but taking 1 away for service. We placed $90 worth food order. Forgot to add beer. After finishing the transaction, we he ran the beer charged, the owner still ended up charging 25cent credit card fee for under 10$. It's not that it's a lot of money but definitely against the principle.
The best Indian style hoagies in Philly. May be in the world. I always try tandoory style chicken cheesesteak which is mind blowing. If u like Indian flavored food, u can't ignore this place. I m sure rest of the food is equally amazing.
Veg pizza. half cheese steak. cheese fries. That's what I ate.

Sick. Thats what I got.
Step 1: Buy the Jalapenos 
Step 2: Buy the spicy chicken cheese steak 
Step 3: Buy the masala fries and get the ketchup on the side 
Step 4: Put all your Jalapenos into the sandwich 
Step 5: Take a bite of the sandwich 
Step 6: Dip your fries into the ketchup 
Step 7: Eat your fries 
Step 8: Profit???
I've been coming here for a year and it's probably my favorite "pizza" joint in all the land.

And not for the pizza. It's actually a half Indian, half pizza joint. And you know they're serving legit-ness, amazing, flavorful, spicy food when most of the customers are South Asian!

The grilled veggie sub is one of my favorite vegetarian meals of all-time. Potato based with shredded broccoli, peppers, and spices. And THE SPICES! Obviously south asian based with a kick. All served on a hoagie roll - super flavors drench the inside of the bread.

However, I feel that the signature dish is the spicy chicken sub. I haven't eaten it often enough but my family loves it.

Staff is friendly - constantly busy because of the demand. As a fellow immigrant family, we love seeing them succeed. It's a great local, unique pizza joint in an era where pizza joints are both ubiquitous and disappearing. Awesome spot and we'll be dropping in for years to come.
They were very rude. Ordered a couple of slices l, went to pay, told them what I ordered. Apparently she rang it up as one slice. So the guy wouldn't give me the second slice, gave me attitude, and wouldn't explain the discrepancy. Only five minutes later after I sat down did the cashier come up to show me a receipt. Get it together. Also, the pizza wasn't that good.
Excellent food 
Must try 
Club sandwich and paneer jalapeño pizza
Must try the garlic roast as well
Everytime I'm in the Philadelphia/ New Jersey I have  to come here. I always get the chicken Philly and Bombay sandwich. 

The Bombay club has a great flavor and seasonings, as well as fresh veggies. Their masala fries are also amazing! 

Their Philly sandwiches are not like your average Philly cheesesteaks. They are packed with Indian spices on a crunch yet soft bread. 

I will always be a customer here.
The cashier is stupid and doesnt know the menu. He was unfriendly. Also,very unprofessional service.i wouldn't recommended this indian place to any as i come from los angeles and people there are so friendly and professiona.
Popped in just to check out what they had and ended up with very satisfied stomach and tastebuds. The spicy cheesesteak is phenomenal and distinctively unique. The workers there are also very  friendly with a great sense of humor.
Passed this place a million times but never stopped in.  My wife always wanted to try their spicy chicken cheesesteak, so today was the day.

The restaurant is clean, the staff very friendly, and they have a wide beer selection.  Always nice to be able to grab a cold brew while waiting for and eating your food.

We kept it simple today as it was our first time here.  We got the spicy chicken cheesesteak and masala fries.  The chicken cheesesteak can be ordered at different heat levels (not spicy, mild, spicy, extra spicy).  We opted for spicy which provided a good amount of heat but it didnt burn your face off.

The masala fries, while they are just regular fries with masala seasoning on top, were very flavorful and crispy.  You honestly dont even need ketchup due to how well seasoned they are.

While they have standard pizzeria items, these two items along with a whole list are part of their spicy food menu (I feel they should take the plunge and just call it indian fusion as theres no fusion confusion here). I'm definately coming back to try other items off this menu as they also do a twist on pizza and spicy garlic bread.

We only got these couple items but from this experience I honestly have nothing bad to say.
We read about their secret menu online, and HAD to stop in to try the Egg Keema, Chicken Tandoori cheese steak and masala fries.

All were fantastic. Fries just had a dusting of seasoning, but were a good complement to the rest of the meal. Egg Keema was deceptively spicy - and we even got mild! The tandoori cheesesteak was perfect - also mild, but just the right level of spice. We also did an impulse addition of a pepperoni roll that was sitting behind the counter - phenomenal! Perfectly crispy, with gooey mozz and flavorful pepperoni.

The place is completely unassuming in a plaza on Columbus Blvd, but don't be fooled! The food's amazing.

Also the people are SO NICE! Great service.

We will be back!!!
I've heard about this place from my friends so I did my research before going and immediately asked for the secret menu. I went with my family who are very picky when it comes to food and opt for an Indian palate wherever we go.  This place was nothing short of amazing. The interior is spacious and clean and has a very welcoming and comforting vibe with tons of drinks to choose from. We ordered the chicken tandoori cheesesteak and tandoori chicken pizza as well as the masala fries. The fries were seasoned so nicely and were served hot.  We immediately finished it up and ordered 2 more orders!  The cheesesteak was to die for!  I'm used to eating spicy things but this was SUPER spicy but you will want to keep eating because it is delicious and HUGE.   The pizza was the same: hot, bubbling, flavorful, and spicy! The staff was super helpful and nice.  All in all I had a GREAT experience and would come back in a heartbeat!
The pizza is the highlight here! They make the dough in-house. We tried the tandoor chicken pizza, it was spicy and spiced, so not for anyone who prefers things on the bland side. The regular cheesesteak, wings, and fries were ok. Service was very quick. Will come back to try the paneer pizza next time.
This was my first destination when I landed in philly. Amazing subs and sandwiches. Bombay grill vegetable sandwich is out of the world.we tried egg bhurji sub, pav bhaji sub. A must go place in Philadelphia.
Most unprofessional establishment I've ever been to. I originally went in to use the restroom as I was told I would have to buy something in order to use it. I understood this and told the man I had no problem getting a slice of pizza after I relieve myself as I am almost 6 months pregnant. He says that i can't do that and need to pay for something first because I may walk out. I assured him that I had no problem buying something AFTER use the bathroom and that I am pregnant and pretty much begged to allow me to just go first. I was denied this again. I've never been so disgusted with the actions of a restaurant in my life. Refusing to allow a pregnant woman to use the restroom? You guys should be ashamed of yourself. Do better.
Was in Philly for the weekend and wanted to give this place a shot. We got the tandoori chicken cheesesteak, egg keema cheesesteak, and masala fries. The cheesesteaks were good- they were spicy and flavorful. The fries were pretty basic, nothing special. It was overall decent food, but nothing crazy amazing.
I went to this place with my best friend on a friend's recommendation. And oh did we love this place! Indian style cheesesteak!!!????! Would you even believe that?! Did I mention they secretly serve Bombay style club sandwich! No wonder Philly is famous for its food and culture :) Gotta love this place!
Not the best place to grab a slice of pizza. The pizza is way too chewy for my taste and it doesn't seem to be the most sanitary spot. They have beer here, so that is cool if you need a six pack.
Sometimes fate steps in and guides you to a damn good sandwich! Lol

Was looking for a place to get a lunch. And Just so happened to be near the Wawa on Columbus. Parking was tight. Came up on Little Sicily 2. 

Browsing their menu(big), a bunch of folks raved about their spicy chicken cheesesteak. Thought what the hell. I'll try it. 

It's damn freaking good. And pretty spicy! This spicy chicken cheesesteak was outta this freaking world.
Don't go there, they use counterfeit money, then when you confront them they blow you off or try to get tough, criminals.  If give them no stars if I knew how to.  And the food is terrible, dog food
Wow.. thoroughly impressed with Little Sicily II's (medium) spicy Indian cheese steak!! Man.. I had no idea what to expect, but I am pleasantly surprised at how good this was for a cheese steak. I highly recommend it. Even the spicy chicken cheese steak  and massala fries were good!! Two thumbs up to my fellow Indians for an awesome cheese steaks!
I wish I could leave a no star review! I do not recommend this place usually I don't leave reviews or comments but I had to with the service I received. I ordered a gyro sat and started eating. I got through eating most of it when I bit into the gyro with my friends. Then I bit something really hard. I thought it may be an over cooked piece of meat or under cooked onion. So I removed what I thought was the problem and took another bite. Nope same problem turns out it was a piece of plastic fork! I was like ehh maybe it was coincidence hesitated and took another bite. This time I almost choked and found a larger piece of the fork. I went back to the cashier and showed him the pieces of for he looked at me opened the fridge and said, "I broke the fork when I put the sauce on." I asked for a refund and they only gave me $5. I was dumbfounded and asked for a full refund. They said I ate almost all of it so only $5. I was furious and said really I nearly effing choked! I want a full refund! Another worker then said come on I ate almost all of it $5 should be fine. After saying I'd report them they decided to give me a full refund.

Honestly, I could've cared less for the refund. The fact that the worker knowingly broke the fork and still thought it was acceptable to serve me the gyro. Is just inexcusable!
Have always wanted to get this Cheesy garlic bread I've seen in friends snaps/insta. 

We stopped by Little Sicily 2 for a quick bite and ordered the Masala Garlic Bread. For me this was 7.5/10 for spicy level. It was much more spicy than I expected. Although I couldn't eat cuz it was burning my mouth but it tasted really good.

I would prob ask for less to no spicy next time. But still loved it. They sprinkle it with some masala powder on the top which gives a nice flavor to it. Somewhat tastes like chaat masala. 

Would def go again!
This place hit the spot! When you want a cheese steak but you're also craving Indian spices. This is your best bet. I would have never thought to put the two together but this place did it and I love them for it. 

It looks like your basic pizza place just a little bigger. Right when you walk in on the right side are all the 'spicy' options. I got two spicy chicken cheese steaks and one spicy beef steak. I must admit I enjoyed the Spicy Chicken Cheesesteak so much more. I also got spicy fries and the spicy garlic bread. All good and filling. Even my picky South Indian parents loved it! 

I can't wait to go back again!
Wow, was this place ever a find! Amazing... spicy and flavorful desi style cheesesteak. Fries were good with the masala, but the spicy chicken cheesesteak was the star! I would go here over majority of places in the city.
Stopped in for a couple of slices. The pizza was just okay. Nothing really special about it. Its the pizza I want after a few beers and shots, lol. Not bad though, just not spectacular.
The Indian Style Cheesesteak was awesome. You can really taste the Indian spices coming through, pretty unique!
This place is great! I got the Bombay club sandwich and it was delicious! Next time I'll make sure to get it spicy and not medium. Masala fries were okay. Husband got the Masala beef cheesesteak and he loved it ! Will definitely be coming back here when I'm in the area.
Be careful going into this place! It is absolutely filthy and when I went to the bathroom there was 2 mice running in the hall. The staff is extremely rude when I brought this to their attention the lady didn't care at all. I am thankful that there's hundreds of better pizzerias right in the area. I watched the Indian lady touch money from the register with a customer and then went right back to making pizza with her bare hands. Totally unsanitary and absolutely disgusting.
Decided to come here to try their spicy chicken cheesesteak (chicken tikka cheesesteak ). Boy, it did not disappoint. I ordered the spicy  chicken cheesesteak(medium spicy), a soft drink with sides of masala onions and French fries ! The total cost came up to be less than 18$. The spices on the chicken steak with cilantro/mayo gelled well and the bread was toasted nicely too ! A game changer was adding on the side of masala onions. The onions balanced out the spices of the chicken steak. The fries were crispy and delicious !! I would love to come back and check out the other spicy items on the menu !!
After a long time I finally got the chance to go to the legendary Little Sicily 2.  It's much famed "Spicy Menu" aka Italian favorites with an Indian twist.  

My friends and I did takeout (COVID) and we ordered 3 Bombay Sandwiches, 2 Chicken Hoagies, Masala Garlic Bread and a slice of their Buffalo Chx Pizza.  While the food did take about 25 minutes (as expected with an order of that size) everything was great! To my surprise the Bombay Sandwich was really refreshing especially on a hot day but did not have Potato that is traditionally there.  Nonetheless all the food was seasoned perfectly and everyone enjoyed the meal without breaking the bank. 

When I go back I am excited to try to Indian Pizza!
Great Philly Cheesesteaks.  Not a place that's really famous for them but it should be.  Been coming here for years and have always enjoyed them.  Great spot for a quick visit and close to Interstate and airport.
I had this 2 times in less then 12 hours.....great great food. Chicken cheesesteaks. Fast service. A++++++
Spicy chicken cheesesteak! Must get item here! You can pick your own level of spicy. This is a quick and easy place. Hot and fresh off the grill.
I was getting my car washed and saw this place nearby expecting it to be another pizza joint. I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in and it was a busy bustling place run by Indians! They have this spicy menu which is what I order from. I loooove their spicy beef cheesesteak with masala fries. The portions are amazing and the taste is even better. It's one of my favorite casual restaurants in the city. I highly recommend this place!
The spicy chicken cheese steak after a boozy evening gives a whole different meaning to life. 

OH my good, 12 inches of bread filled with spice and cheese loaded minced chicken. Words can't describe it. 

Don't let the location or the demography affect you. 

Next Saturday before you go out drinking, go pick your cheesesteak and store it for later. You will not regret it. 

They also have a good beer selection which you can buy by the bottle. The club sandwich is also worth trying 

PS - if you can hold spices, ask them to make the cheesesteak extra spicy!!
Its a perfect spot for comfort food. Its an italian restaurant with Indian chefs. Come for a different take on cheesesteaks n sandwiches. Loved thier garlic  and pizza! Definitely coming back!
A sort of a hole in the wall place with an interesting Indian twist on the traditional cheesesteak. I have tried their spicy chicken cheesesteak and have come back a few times because I've enjoyed it because it's so different. An advance warning or heads up that the spicy cheesesteak does does have cheese. It is noted in the menu having mayo, but I never really paid attention. Somehow it works. It has a nice blend of Indian spices which gives quite a bit of a kick. They are open during the covid situation - easier to call in an order and pickup to avoid a wait.
Are you a cheesesteak lover who is looking for more spice in your life? Do the other cheesesteak joints have you down, thinking that this is it? Sure, it's good, but couldn't there be better? It's a big world, with a lot of cheesesteaks to try. And you're in Philly, the holy grail of cheesesteaks are here. Now I know, Little Sicily 2 sounds like the remake of a movie your little cousin Fred made you watch to pass the time at your uncle's 49th birthday party, but it's worth checking out. You will LOVE it. 

The restaurant itself does have the feel of a convenience store with bottled drinks in refrigerators, even beer! As you enter, you'll see all the various pizzas like in a classic Italian restaurant. You might think your eyes are deceiving you, but yes, you do see a spicy paneer pizza in front of you next to the cheese and pepperoni pizzas. And up on the menu, the egg keemo sandwich and pav bhaji cheesesteaks are listed. It just so happens we had a large group and we ordered the spicy chicken cheesesteak, the egg keemo sanchwich, AND the spicy paneer pizza. 

The spicy paneer pizza, in particular, is amazing. Covered in paneer and jalapenos, this is pretty much every Indian's dream. Add in some masala fries on the side and you're in heaven. We even got some hot sauce to dip in to. Get a cheesesteak and take a pizza to go. You will feast like a king or queen.
Love the "Indian" food on their menu. It's an Italian front restaurant that has "Indian" food items off menu! They're always busy - week nights too. Just an indication of how good their food is! Looooooooooove the grilled sandwich (I probably have the name wrong and they're very anal about the names and getting them right like lol) and the kheemo (egg bhurji) medium spicy. The mixed veg roll is very good too - try it mild because even that is pretty spicy! Love their masala fries too. Super yummy food for a reasonable price :)
