Horrible. Took us 20 minutes to get silverware. Ended up eating salad with our hands. My steak was seared on a flat top not grilled. Corners cut like crazy. I regret every minute of being here. Steak was shit too. I just wanted a simple meal. Dammit. -rob bailey (my first official restaurant review)
Although this is considered a chain restaurant- I love it! Every time I go I am greeted by friendly staff and I am seated right away. If there is a wait, it's no more than 30 minutes before you are seated. 

There's always some sort of combo deal or special going on which is also a plus to coming here. I love the bread that they give you and it always comes out hot and fresh. 

On this visit I had a gift card to spend and decided to treat my niece. There was a special running and I ended up getting a salad with a steak and a side of mash potatoes. My niece got the chicken fingers because she's not a steak fan like me. The steak was good to perfection and was seasoned well, and the mash mixes pleasantly with the steak. The Caesar salad was a nice size portion and had a good taste but the only thing they need to change is the crouton- every time I get the croutons they are this cheap tasting ones that have no flavor and sometimes they are stale. I like a good crouton on top of my salad. Overall my experience here was a good one, since the food hit the spot and I had good company.
We came here on a Friday night. The wait was 35 minutes- as expected for a busy dining night. We waited that long for our orders to arrive. I asked for my steak to be cooked well done and my BF ordered his medium well. The cook mixed them up AND gave my BF the wrong side. The server asked if we wanted to send our steaks back. My BF was ok eating his well done, but I was not ok with medium well. Never ok with a steak that is not well done. So, they put it back on the grill and cooked until it was well. Needless to say, it was overcooked and atringy the second time. I was starving, so I ate it without additional complaint. We couldn't even enjoy our meal together. The idea is to eat at the same time!

The entire dining room floor was full of trash. I have never in my life experienced this!!! Everyone is walking around as if they don't see it and it bothers no one!!! 

I avoid public restrooms whenever possible. Judging by the trash on the floor, I knew what the restrooms  must be like. I didn't chance it. My BF did. It was disgusting. It reeked of urine and the floor was dirty. 

Just stay away.
This is me and hubby's very first time to a Longhorn Steakhouse. Neither of us were too much of a "steak person" in the past, so it never crossed our minds of dinning here. But ever since of our visits to Outback, we decided to give Longhorn a try. And it definitely didn't disappoint.
 
Even though Philly's indoor dinning maximum capacity is around 25%, we were seated immediately upon entry. Our waitress Diana came shortly after and took our drinks. She also informed us of some out-of-stock menu items, which is definitely a plus. We started with the Wild West Shrimps, which we didn't like too much. We also order a White Peach Sangria, it is ohhhh-so-fruity, we love it! 

As for entrees, hubby order the extra well done filet with lobster tail with grilled shrimps added. I order the well done ribeye with lobster tail and grilled shrimps added. Our side orders were asparagus, brussel sprouts, and fries. Our entrees were very delicious, especially the side orders. Hubby and I love their brussel sprouts and asparagus, they were seasoned very well.
My friends and I had a seriously disappointing experience here last night. Longhorn is close to our respective neighborhoods so we go here now and then. This time solidified that I will not be returning to this particular location and here are the reasons why:

- It took a good 10-15 minutes for us to be acknowledged by our server. No drink order was taken during this time, no bread brought over, nothing. Mind you, the restaurant was dead. 
-  By the time the server did approach us, we were ready to order and did so, one of our order medium rare steak, two ordered medium. 
- The food came out in a good amount of time, in fact, a bit too fast. Our food was NOT up to par. 
- My steak, ordered medium rare, came out so rare it was almost blue and cold on the inside. The two mediums came out very medium rare (again, closer to rare). My steak was inedible. 
- The sides were a fiasco too, the baked potatoes tasted like it had sugar on it, the broccoli was so drenched in butter and lemon, it was basically lemon juice with a side of broccoli. 
- When we called our server over to just warm the steaks up a bit the first reaction was to get the manager, without taking our steaks away. A different server grabbed our steaks to warm them up and walked away, not asking what heat we actually wanted them.
- The manager walked over to us and said "What's up, I hear there's a problem?" he was all around unprofessional, rude and assuming. He came and replaced our steaks when they were reheated and tried to take away our plates still full of other food. 
- No food was comped, no apology from the manager. The server apologized which was not for him to do because he had nothing to do with the food. 

All in all, the experience sucked, we tipped over 20% as we always do, but we are not going back. Get rid of that manager, he was just terrible.
We are here NOW .Restaurant is busy..Hostess told us we can sit anywhere in the bar area without a wait..We get comfortable at a high top table. 10 minutes later the manager (Rafael) tells us we must move..he has others coming in for that table..We get our stuff together and move to the bar..10 minutes later a couple waltzes in and sits at our hightop..Rafael, the manager is serving them..i assume they are his personal friends..hmmmmm..By the way, we own a large local biz on Welsh Road..we will not recommend this Longhorn location.
Not the greatest steakhouse.  Overpriced and bland.  Server argued with me when I ordered a diet coke and she brought me regular.  Major attitude when I asked for unsweetened iced tea instead.  Free bread was tasteless, butter was ice cold, unspreadable.  Ordered a ribeye, my favorite cut, medium rare.  Screwed it up, overcooked, bland, worst steak ever.  Never, ever going back.  Want a good steak, go to Texas Roadhouse.  Awesome everytime.
I stopped here last Sunday for a birthday dinner with a group of 11 people.  We made a reservation in advance but still had to wait nearly 30 minutes for them to "get the table ready".  We were seated at a combo of one round table and one rectangular table-needless to say this was an awkward arrangement.  

Service: the waitress seemed to try her best but was overwhelmed.  The whole ordering and serving process took entirely too long.  There were 10-30 minutes gaps between each course which made this a very long and drawn out experience.

Food: The food itself was ok.  I ordered the 3 course meal for $12.95 which included salad, an entrée and your choice of a dessert or appetizer.  I got the Caesar salad which was very bland and was literally lettuce with mozzarella cheese sprinkled on top.  For my entrée I opted to pay a few more dollars for the 8oz steak but I believe they mixed up the order when they were delivered to the table because my steak looked the same as those who ordered the 6oz.  The loaded baked potato was very tasty as was the turtle cheesecake dessert.

Overall my experience was just ok.  I would visit again but not with a large group.
My family and I used to love coming to Longhorn. But as of lately the service has been poor, the food has been lukewarm and something always gets messed up. I love coming here for three reasons, potato soup, steak house Mac and and cheese and most importantly, watermelon margaritas. Honestly, I could care less about the steak most of the time but my husband is a large guy with a big appetite.  We decided to give it a final chance the other night. But we received the same waiter as before ( who gave extremely poor service the first time due to personal issues - we figured that maybe he would redeem himself this time so we didn't ask for someone else). But no. He gave the kids steak instead of cheese burgers, we complained but he charged us for them anyway. My margarita had salt AND sugar on the rim... WTF? And the food was barely warm. All of the food. Appitizers, entrees, etc. We had to ask for refills and bread. He was MIA half the time... Just like last time. How is he still working there? We've had some great servers there. Where have they gone? Maybe we'll just have to try different locations. But since this one is the closest to our house, so it's unlikely we will be back to any Longhorn. Every time we come, our bill is always over $120. So to pay that and get less than mediocre food and terrible service? Utterly Heart broken... I used to love you Longhorn.
I don't eat steak often and the types of cuts confuse me so I like how Longhorns menu breaks them down. I've been to this location several times and have always gotten a consistently good steak that is cooked the way I like. I had a sirloin and rib combo. The ribs were fantastic. The sirloin was perfectly tender but after tasting my moms ny strip I would chose that cut from now on because the flavor was far more superior. 

The only two slightly negatives during my visit was the wait time. It was clearly crowded still my party of three was told 20 minutes. It took an hour. And our server was a bit abrupt and cold at first but she mellowed out. I'm sure it was the hectic pace they were working at so we didn't let it effect our mood. I still recommend as a solid choice for steaks.
Overall my experience was good here. I arrived just after 4pm with my daughter for a mommy daughter date. The employees were extremely nice. I got a table right away but that was probably because of the time. My daughter ordered the chicken tenders and fries and enjoyed it immensely. I ordered the white cheddar stuffed mushrooms and the New York Strip with the loaded potato and macaroni and cheese. The mushrooms were delicious. The macaroni and cheese and potato was good too. My one complaint was that I asked for my steak to be medium well and it was still mooing and grazing when I got it. I had to douse it in A-1 steak sauce just to eat it because I do NOT send food back and still eat there. Not saying they would do anything but I never chance it. I would go back but I would either say well done for my steak instead of medium well or I'd order something else.
Had the bone in ribeye with loaded baked potato.  Overall it was a good meal. Lots of flavor.
I would have to say that the menu is way more exciting than the service. My boyfriend and I finally used gift cards given to us and I'm happy we used a gift because I probably would not come back.....

The server made zero eye contact and was complacent the whole time. The kitchen made my food wonderfully until I noticed my steak was well instead of medium. I was not thrilled. I ate it though because I was starving and the sauce was delicious. What I ordered was the flat iron steak with stuffed portobello.
I came here a few nights ago with my boyfriend for a nice dinner out since we both had a really long day. 

It was a pretty busy time and the place was more packed than anticipated, but we didn't have to wait very long to be seated. 

The overall ambience was very nice and laid back. The service was average at best. 

We had to wait an excruciatingly long time for our main courses to arrive, but fortunately, we had more than enough appetizers and starters to hold us over. By the time our main courses reached us,  we were already ready to go,  sadly. 

I didn't really like the consistency of the spinach dip I'd ordered because the texture was too thick for my liking, but the flavor was very mouth watering. The tortilla chips weren't seasoned very well,  in my opinion; the majority of the chips were very bland compared to one's I've Had at other restaurants. Only very small parts or corners of the chips had any hints of flavor at all,  so it was a slight disappointment. 

The grilled chicken and avocado sandwich was superb,  though I felt like more avocado spread could have been used. 

The fries were extremely salty! I don't know what was used to season them, but whoever did the fries that night definitely over seasoned. The texture was perfect, but the seasoning was so heavy, I ended up drinking my entire glass of strawberry daiquiri in one go. 

The caramel apple gold rush was the best part of the experience. The presentation was gorgeous and the flavor can only be described as a cross between an apple turnover, a strawberry cheese cake and an apple pie. It was very decadent, but the portion was too small. 

The food does seem a bit overpriced considering the small portions,  but for the quality of certain items,  it was definitely worth it. 

Despite enjoying the food here, I don't think I'll be returning to this location since the service wasn't as good as it could have been.
A friend and I went for dinner on Friday.  It was pretty crowded so we sat at the bar until a table was available. The bartender made us our drinks and they were very good margaritas....once our table became available we took the remainder of our drinks and went to our table. 

From that point on it was all downhill !!  The waitress we had was VERY rude !!  We tried to make the best of it because my friend and I had not seen each other in ages....we asked our server if we could have more bread and she gave us an attitude and stated that our main course would be out shortly and did we REALLY need more bread ??  
We opted to have another drink in place of dessert...at that point the manager came over...we thought he was going to ask how our meal was like they often do when you go out....he told us we could not have another drink that the server thought we had enough...we only had the one drink !!  We told him to go check with the bartender to back us up since he served us the first drink and we had chatted with him...
The manager comes back to our table and stated the bartender said he agreed with the waitress...WOW
All I can say is when they screw up they really stick together....
Needless to say we are never going back to that location and I am drafting a letter to their headquarters !!!!
Came here for a curbside pickup tonight very disappointed the steak was chewy and the Caesar salad came with no dressing cheese or croutons and the soup was disgusting. Total waste of money . I usually come here and it is good not sure what happen tonight. My husband also ordered a ribeye but it looked like a sirloin steak and not a ribeye and it was fatty. I do not recommend doing a curbside pickup the order will be wrong and rushed.
We waited 40 minutes to get our bar drinks. I'm not sure why it took so long  if we weren't hear to celebrate my grandmothers birthday I would have walked out.
Longhorn, being the only chain steakhouse by our house, gets about a bi-monthly visit from us.  Its not the greatest of steakhouses of course, but its good enough to keep us coming back. 

Service has always been great here. We usually get the Texas Tonion (Crispy onions) as our appetizer. The steaks are always cooked to our liking.  For being a chain restaurant, we can't complain.
This might have been my last time at this location.  They were not crowded and we waited over an hour for our meal.  None of our meals were hot.  We were never brought bread and we had to wait awhile for refills.  Someone I was with sent their dinner back right away.  None of the plates were hot - even our appetizers.  We had to take our empty plates and put them on the empty table next to us.

The manager did come over as soon as one of our meals was sent back.  He offered to make another meal, free of charge, but we declined.  The only reason I am giving two stars is because the manager acted so quickly.

We even had to take our check to our server because we think he forgot.  We were put away in a small corner.

Needless to say, we won't be going back.  The place was not busy at all, and it was a Monday night.  The slow service was unacceptable.
Best steaks ever delicious!!! 
I had a filet with crabcake on top with sweet potatoe. Great service great food and clean!!!
I would reccomend this place always..
Um this should be called Shorthorn... Because I wanted to make my visit as short as possible. The waiter was very attentive and friendly. That wasn't the problem... The food was. It was like they pre-made all the food and left them under heating lamps. Now it may be a location to location thing. As my parents said the other location they went to was good. I highly doubt I will ever attempt another location. The plates came out tepid and the vegetables were not even steaming hot. I mean damn, make my shit temperature hot at least. The stuffed parm. and mushroom appetizer had like 5 shrooms on the plate... That's 2.5 for me and my friend. She wasn't happy about that...lol... Seriously don't go to the one on Roosevelt Blvd.
I ordered the bacon cheeseburger. It was cooked exactly how I like it. The fries were good too. We got there late but didn't wait long for a table. Friendly staff. Our waitress Karen was very good.
Very disappointing service. Clueless hostess, crappy waiting staff, no wonder the place is 70% empty for Sunday lunch.
I really love longhorn, but this location has gone all wrong I had to wait almost an 1hour 30 mins just for a table for two, our waiter was really nice. The food came out pretty quick , food was all cold my boyfriends steak was completely undercooked, mash potato was cold still had hard pieces of potato the Mac & cheese was no good and cold the food was just very disappointing for how long we waited it just should've been perfect! Only thing that was perfect was our bread !
Longhorn, for what it is, a lower level steakhouse, is actually quite good. The steaks are well seasoned (probably must be because the meat isn't of the highest grade) and having them well seasoned more than makes up for its grade. 

The wait staff, bartenders, hostesses etc are attentive and receptive.
My wife and I came here for a steak dinner. We were tired and didn't feel like cooking dinner. I came here once before and the steak was pretty good. 
We arrived at 7pm, It wasn't crowded but a nice amount of peolpe. We were shown to our table with no problem, the hostess gave us our menus and a sure us the waitress will be coming very shortly. But 30minutes has gone by and no waitress. 
My wife got really upset, so I raised my hand to wave for any staff members. Finally a waitress came to take our order.
 I order the 8oz prime rib medium rare with mash potatoes and mac n cheese. She order the 8oz prime rib medium well with asparagus and rice. She also order a drink see saw on the menu. I order a long island ice tea.
A few minutes later our complementary bread and butter came to our table. We slowly picked at it, it was warm and fresh, it was quite tasty.
40minutes have passed since we last seen our waitress, by this time my wife and I was starving. Then finally the waitress came with our order. My wife got all her orders on her plate. But for me, the chef forgot the mac n cheese. To make it even worse my steak was overly cook. I prefer my steak medium rare, but it was medium well, like my wife.
The waitress was so nice and so apologetic, she told me she would comp my plate and she will get my mac and cheese as soon as possible. 
So because of that I couldn't be too mad. 
Our drinks came, and I saw what my wife order. It was a martini, she order it because she think the glass was cute. Mind you, my wife do not drink. I didn't tell her what it was.
At the end of our meal, my wife got dizzy and lite headed. I laughed and told her what she dranked was liquor. She couldn't walk straight, so she was pretty pissed off.
We pay for our meal and left the waitress a nice tip for being friendly and nice.
Their service is horrible. My boyfriend and I walked in, never to be met by a hostess. After seating ourselves at the bar, we waited for almost 10 min before the bar area was wiped down and we were given menus. Subsequently after being given menus we were told we had 10 minutes to order because the kitchen was about to close. Sadly we could have been informed of that when we first seated ourselves instead of waiting 10 minutes then being rushed to order. That was my first and last time I will ever go there again.
I have to say I love it! First time first impression and it was all good! 

The salad and the appetizer was very delicious, and the bread is a plus!   I order the sirloin steak and it was made exactly how I wanted it and the waiter was really nice.  Me and my friend enjoy eating at LongHorn very much, we had a good time.  We got there at 7 pm and we only waited one minute to be seated.  I guess depending on the time you arrive if there's more people you may have to wait.  I be going back again! The dessert was super delicious (chocolate molten lava), worth going back.  

Hey if the food is good I really don't care if the waiter makes no eye contact.   I see that everyone states that the food is good and that's what matter the most.  I honestly had no issues with the staff.  They seem nice to me.
I wasn't expecting to like longhorn as much as I did, but it was the best dinner. I had the lamb chops, which are a limited time menu offer. They were divine! We ordered the fried pickles as an appetizer and they were by far the best fried pickles I've ever had (and I've had many at other places). Everything was delicious. If you're hesitant because you think it's a "chain" get that out of your head. This was better than any "high end" restaurant. We will definitely return.
Terrible! We waited an HR for a table and then an additional HR for our meal. All plates were ordered WELL... The kids burgers came burnt and all the steaks had pink!!! Unreal! What a dissapointment! Not to mention we are here for a Bday celebration!  The server tried her best but then started to display some irritation over us complaining! Considering our bill is about $200 we could have invested it else where!!!
I was disappointed with the service and my waiter was not happy to serve us. We did not like the smell  that was coming from the kitchen and the staff knew it was there too!! Me and family were always happy with this restaurant and disappointed how downhill it went since the last time we have been here!! We asked what the side dishes were and he said with an attitude to " look in the menu, that's what is there for isn't it?" We were very, very surprised at the waiter for treating me and my family very rude and he was all over the place, from my experience I think he treated everyone else poorly. I will never bring my family back here for as long as I live!!
Went during lunch and had to wait..Was told short staff...Well it must always be That way. I always wait. But the parking lot was empty. Management probably doesn't care or monitor these things on how they're doing cause it's always the same story. But food is always good. Just they piss me off cause it's lack of proper management.
My wife & I wanted to take our family out for a nice holiday dinner this past Saturday night. We were a party of  7 incl. our daughter, son-in-law 2 grandsons & our niece. I called at 5:15 to see what the wait time was for a party of 7. I was told 45 minutes so off we went to Longhorn and waited, and waited, and waited. Finally were seated at 6:45 after a 90 minute wait. I realize it was a busy Saturday night but if you tell people it will be a 45 minute wait a 90 minute wait is really not acceptable. Little did we know the worst was yet to come.
We were seated & given 3 menus for 5 adults?? (the kids had their own menus). After a few minutes our waitress came to take our drink orders. After almost 15 minutes our drinks arrived & she took our food orders. My son-in-law & I each ordered an appetizer for the table & everyone ordered their entrees. Our waitress left saying she would be right back with bread.
After another 20 minutes or so it is now 7:30. We have been seated for 45 minutes & all we have are drinks. To our left is a party of 8 that was seated about 10 minutes after us. They have bread but no drinks (same waitress). I finally see our waitress & ask for bread. A few minutes later she brings bread & says our food will be out shortly. About 10 minutes later here come several people bringing our food. Yay! But wait...these are our entrees! Where are our appetizers we ask? They have no idea. Apparently our waitress has joined the witness protection program as she is nowhere in sight leaving these two poor souls to bear the brunt of our frustrations.
Not only are the appetizers MIA, my wife's salad is nowhere to be found & out of 5 adult entrees only one is as ordered. My wife's loaded sweet potato had only butter, the steakhouse mac & cheese side my son-in-law & I  ordered are missing & my daughter had no entree at all! We also had no silverware or napkins!
Finally the manager came over to apologize & we let him know in no uncertain terms what we thought of the service. My daughter eventually got her dinner, at no charge, the appetizers & drinks were removed from the bill & a 25% discount was applied to entire check. We will never set foot in this restaurant again.
We waited for over an hour for our food and when it came out it was cold and not cooked the way I ordered it. We asked the manager to get my son some new fries because his food was cold from sitting in the back so long as well. Instead of bringing new fries, we got reheated old fries. Well never come here again.
Today was the first time I've had Longhorn and honestly I loved it! The inside is dimly lit with western/modern decor. The music is country but I didn't mind that at all. I was seated right away and waitress came just as fast to introduce herself & take my drink order. I was given warm wheat bread & butter which was so filling. I gave my order and it took about a half hour to get food but it came out hot and tasty so I didn't mind. I will definitely be back because food was so good. I'm upset with myself that I took so long to come here.
we gave this place one last try and we will never be back! Our server had too many tables and she could not get to us for 15 minutes. The manager seemed unconcerned with our lack of attention and we found out later that Bob was the GM. wE HAD TO SEND OUR RIBS BACK, THEY WERE COLD.  We HAD NO S&P shakers and no refills on drinks for 10 minuts. This place is understaffed and uncaring. Save your yourself these hassles and go elsewhere!!!
The food from this place is always really tasty and well cooked. Don't come on the weekend if you don't want to wait. Definitely be sure to call ahead, and you can even call your order in and pick it up if you want to eat at home. The only negative of this place is the wait, but that's only on the weekend and is to be expected of a place that serves good food and has a good environment.
I used to really like this place for the food and reasonable prices, but I won't go back.

We picked Longhorn specifically because we were craving the T'onion appetizer (fried onion petals).  We were told the they were out of the T'onion.  Disappointed, but we went on and ordered entrees at which point we were told they were totally out of potatoes (no baked, mashed, nothing!) for side dishes and we needed to pick a veggie.  On top of this, they were out of honey wheat bread and served a sandwich roll cut up as the bread.  Sad enough they were out of the appetizer, but also potatoes and bread?!  Most restaurants would go to the local grocery store and get more potatoes if that was the case - I mean come on, it's a steakhouse!  

On top of all the shortages, the service was annoying slow.  They would need to get a new manager in this restaurant before I would consider going back!
The food was fine,but.................my credit card was apparently skimmed by the waiter, because when my bill came in the mail there were charges on there that were not from me, they were on the bill directly after we were at Longhorn,There were purchases from a clothing website,an amtrack ticket, hotel stays in lansdale,pa. ,and williamsburg, va. I sure hope he had a good time. I will never go back there even if I have cash.
I love this place for steaks. I always order the ribeye and Longhorn never fails me taste and flavor. Their steak are always cook to perfect. They also have a great selection of beer and mix drink. I order a margarita on the rocks with greygoose and it was amazing. Staff are very friendly and helpful. And agin, the steaks are always great. Much better than some of the pricey steakhouse I've been to.
I have never been to Longhorn Steakhouse unfortunately. However I'm glad I did. The food was very good. The service was excellent to be on the Blvd..... huh..."you don't say". As for what to order...order what ever sounds good to you I'm sure it will be. I will be going back.
Never again! Came here about a month ago with a group of about 8. We arrived about 8pm and got seated shortly after since I did call ahead . We ordered at about 8:20pm we didn't received our food until about an hour after! Portions where small for the price we were paying , an average of $15 a plate. Fries were cold, but didn't even want to bother in returning them since it took so long to get it in the first place. This is a prime example in why I stay away from chain restaurants. I could have made a better steak at home. Don't waste your time or your money. Food was bland , the only good part was the Blue Moon beer on draft.
This was the worst experience. I came here to eat and was taken to a dirty table. When I asked to be seated someplace else, in the almost empty room, I was taken to another table that needed cleaning. When I asked why I couldn't be seated at a table that was already clean, I was told there were a lot of tables that needed to be cleaned. The server said, "I guess we'll get to it.". 

A different server told my server to start me at a third table which also had to be cleaned.

 After the server swiped the table with a cocktail napkin, she left and didn't return -- not even with water or bread. She went off to talk to her colleagues. While she was dithering, I happened to glance down to see what was under my foot. Surpise. Surprise. Chicken bones. I was disgusted. I left. I should have left when I walked in and the foyer smelled like dirty mop water.
Placed a mobile To Go Order. Ordered a renegade steak medium it was well done. Asked for a sweet potato with butter and brown sugar it was plain. Got a salad requested no croutons yes there were croutons. Order was placed at 8 pm and was to be ready for pick up at 840 pm more like 905 pm. Pretty bad when you mess up one food item on an entree but it takes real skill to screw up the entire order. Maybe it's just this location, because my nephew takes his family there frequently and he had a bad experience as well.  Trust me, i won't be ordering or dining in again.
It's a nice constant place for steak.

Honestly we go here once every 3 months because it's consistent, now it's consistent bad and consistent good

The problem it's constant good and constant bad.

The bad- the kitchen is so damn slow. There is always a wait because I think the kitchen can't keep up. It has to be killing The bartenders. 10 minute wait makes me avoid the bar.

The Wild West shrimp is amazing. They cooked it nice and crispy here and did not ignore the peppers. My wife makes this a meal sometimes. The salad was good but a salad.

You come here for steak and for what it is a chain it's good. And it's constant. The outlaw ribeye is fattier then I like, but the filet is spot on and the prime rib is my favorite.

Good not great but great for the boulevard
Steaks are good, but service is hit-or-miss. Prices are a bit high for a chain steakhouse.  Decent meal, but meh.....
Service thus far is sub par. Was seated right away but no server came to greet us until another waiter went to get someone on our behalf. Our "waiter" is actually one of the bartenders. 

Finally got the appetizer after 20 minutes. The spinach dip quantity is disproportionate to the chips. The waiter apologized that the original request got "messed up". We had to request more chips. The manager brought out the chips. He apologized for the slow service when we reported it to him .   He neither accepted responsibility for it or acknowdged it.

Food finally arrived after 40 minutes. No bacon on the bacon burger and no honey mustard on the side as requested. The burger tasted dried out. The bun was hard.They brought out bacon crumbles. Its possible the burger had been microwaved. I can't think of another explanation for burger and bun.  

We're ready to go at this point. Won't be back. If we ever get the waiter's attention we'll ask for the check.  

*update I never got the creamed spinach, husband never got his broccoli. The waiter acknowledged his shortcomings and took the burger off the bill
True rating is 3.5 stars.  Let's start with the positives.  We were sat promptly , greeted and had our orders placed in a very reasonable time.  Our server was fairly tentative and on the ball. Everything came in proper order (bread,  appetizer,  salad , then main course) and in a fairly short period of time.  That was very pleasant.  I hate waiting when I'm starving lol. 

 And now for the not so good.  The food was hot and pretty tasty but hardly memorable.  Also the price was up there with some "fine dining" establishments.  About 80$ for two. The level of quality seems to miss the mark even though the meal was more than edible. 

I would return but I wouldn't get another $30 ribeye from here.  The honey wheat bread was delicious!
This place only receives a two stars because I was compensated for my meal.  I walked in and the place was dirty and I was not greeted.  So I went to the bar and sat down.  The bar was dirty and the bar tender was no where to be found.  When the bar tender approached I ordered my food and an apple martini for a drink..The martini was so stiff I was tipsy after two gulps...Now I like to get right, but I would have been drunk before I left!! The martini was not blended well with the sour mix and it was just filled with vodka..it just tasted terrible..
20 mins later still waiting for the appetizer..hmmph..frustrating...finally the food comes out and its well...meh...
Told the manager and he comped my bill...needless to say I will never be back there.
Food was okay. Service was terrible - plates never cleared between appetizers, dinner & dessert. Waitress told us not rush. I guess she wasn't in one either, especially to clear some room on the table.
Longhorn changed menu and no longer has fried shrimp; I enjoyed going there because there was something for everyone. The wait was way too long to get a seat. Food was just ok
Staff super friendly and efficient. Not returning anytime soon
This was my first time visiting a Longhorn Steakhouse and I was not impressed. Our Waiter was very not attentive, rude, and overall he was all over the place. 
When we were ready to order we asked him simple questions like what sides are included with our dishes etc. and he kept making faces and saying "just the regular stuff you know.." he was not being helpful at all.

When he brought our drinks out it was dripping and spilling all over the table and somehow we only got three coasters and three plates although we were four people.

The Nachos were good, however very small in size.

I got the Salmon and veggies they were pretty good in taste but the salmon was overcooked and hard.

My boyfriend got a burger and fries; his burger was also really overcooked and hard.

Our friend got Filet Mignon and he said it was prepared to perfection.

Other friend got Chicken and Sweet Potato which was really bad in taste.. apparently the spicy chicken was sweet and the sweet potato had sugar sprinkled all over. 
Dessert was cheesecake and it was not bad.
second trip. awesome service and food last time, this time the service was meh. got here around 7p friday night and it was pretty empty as opposed to the first time. sat for 10 minutes before Lisa Marie(atleast that was the name on the bill) came over and took our order. food came out fast and delicious, but that was the last she came to us until i had to wave her down to get the check. didnt ask if we wanted refills or dessert, didnt check up on us throughout our meal, nada. oh well. still, and i cant stress this enough, the food is great. 12oz prime rib med well, 1/3 rack baby back ribs with mac n cheese.
Great food, a bit pricey, but worth it. Service was friendly and efficient.
I previously posted about the many negative experiences my family and I have been having here over the past year. A representative from Longhorn contacted me and persuaded me to try it again. So I took the bait and we went back after about a month between visits. Well I'm glad that I did!!! We had the most wonderful server who was on point with everything. The receipt said his name was Mark H. He's was very friendly, knew his information, knew exactly when ppl wanted new drinks, he put our appetizer order in when we ordered drinks and all of our food came out with plenty of time to eat it instead of feeling rushed or waiting too long. The food was the right temperature and my margaritas were made perfect. We asked for dessert to go and even gave us drinks in to go cups. Who knew Longhorn had to go cups for drinks!!!! Beyond amazing service!!! We vowed that if the service was bad that this time that we would never come back... Well we will definitely be back and only ask for Mark. Because of him and his excellent service, we're back to being regular customers. Longhorn should promote him to be the staff trainer!!!
Good food, or rather, good steak. And only steak(and the bread they give at the beginning of the meal). When I went last I got the steak with a crab cake on top, with a baked potato, the potato was flavorless, and the crab cake had too manny shells in it. For what I paid for that plate I was very disappointed by the result. One time I got broccoli as my side, it was gross. It clearly was over cooked, as the color was dark and wilted as if it sat in the stern table for wayyy too long. The atmosphere is good, the waitstaff is nice as well, but the food could be better prepared and served
Although the reviews for this location have scored it low the only issue I've every had is wait time. The food has been consistent and delicious.
Hubby and I had a delicious steak dinner today. Service was very good.  

While we were there, two women and a man came in. The one woman was holding a small Maltese dog. They were seated and served. 

I love dogs and I think dog friendly restaurants are fine provided they have outdoor seating.  I know of such a Longhorn in Florida. 

I don't believe this small dog was a service dog, but perhaps an emotional support dog. I don't know. 
I guess this bothers me because I think some people are taking advantage of the whole service dog thing. A service dog is trained to help the owner as necessary. 

I know anyone can purchase a vest for their dog that says service dog, but they may not really be a trained service dog. 

I think this behavior can only hurt the true service dogs.
The steakhouse wings and the strawberry salad with the mango margarita was off the hook. It was delicious. The service was good. We had an hour wait and were 19th on the list but we shopped and next thing we were 12th and the. It was our time.
Ordered 2x ribeye bone in medium well, received first time rare second time medium rare third time BURNT! Poor management,
I'm giving three stars because the Cowboy Ribeye was on point and all three came out perfectly medium cooked. But I have to say the service here has been in decline for some time now and seems to not realize that they have a good product but will lose their customer base real soon with less than stellar wait staff. Please fix this problem soon or I will have to move on.....
I actually just left LongHorn on the Roosevelt Blvd. I was very surprised that my wife and I were seated soon as we walked in. Friday evenings this restaurant is usually crowded but whatever. So we get to our booth and begin to order. we ordered their chicken wings, ok but salty. Everything was going well until the entrees came out. We both ordered ribeyes and wanted them to be prepared medium-well. However, they were well done (overcooked). I told the server and his response was "I don't cook them" duh I know that - so he should have kept that to his self. By the way, the server had no character or personality. He was not friendly at all, but this gets even better (it really didn't). So he takes away the steaks, and I asked for the manager. The manager comes out with the new steaks, so I asked her can I say something to her and she said ok. I advised her that my last experience here was a year ago - and I had to send the steaks back then. I was trying to inform her of my experiences here and I'm trying to give LongHorn another chance. Mind you I said a year ago, and my steak comes out the same overcooked a year later. The manager with her rude self kept saying to me "is there anything else I can do for you". Now you know we all know what that phrase means - basically she was done listening. I thought a restaurant manager was to make sure your visit was good, especially when they are informed of a situation. My wife said don't worry about our cash spends any and everywhere in the US. To many other steak houses in the area, like Morton, Sullivan's, Capital Grill, Barclay prime, Del Frisco's and the list goes on. I will not patronize them again, and I will be advising corporate about this experience because they need to know. Also, I took my food to go - after that, the atmosphere was no longer welcoming nor friendly!
My wife and I had a great experience here a week ago. Our steaks were great and the service was great as well. Our waitress was very attentive. We will definitely be back. The wait was minimal and everything was great.
Hubby and I went here last night for our wedding anniversary and I must say we absolutely loved everything. It was a Tuesday night so there was no wait and the atmosphere was very family friendly and pleasant. Our waitress's name was Amanda and she was very sweet and made sure we were ok and enjoying everything. We were pretty hungry so we ordered appetizers right away and got two bluemoons. I ordered the fried green tomatoes (best ever!) and my husband got the chicken tortilla soup which was delicious also. The entrees we decided on were the white cheddar bacon stuffed filet and the spicy grilled jalapeno sirloin which came with sides of salad (caesar), fire grilled corn on the cob and hubby got an extra side of sweet potatoes. Everything was to die for! We just about ate ourselves sick because it tasted so good. Definitely will be returning soon.
This location used to be so good. I used to come at least once a week. The last 3 times I was here my food was cold. It took over 20 minutes for a waitress to come over to even approach us. The last server we had was so rude. The whole staff is rude when you come in. The manager is even rude! It's worth it to drive the extra few miles to the Neshaminy location staff is great and the food is hot and prompt!
This steakhouse is the worst! They had my family and I wait for almost two hours. Literally like a group of people came in after we did and they got to sit down before we did. The lady in the front and the manager were really ignorant and they just kept giving us attitude. The food wasn't even all that great either, I only liked the fries. Our waiter was awesome and he treated us really great. I don't recommend this place at all! Overall I won't even come back to this steakhouse, I rather go to Famous Dave's or Outback
Coming here was a last minute decision. We waited a few minutes before anyone acknowledged us at the door. We were told there was a 10 minute wait, even though the dining room was half empty. Apparently, there was a staffing issue. When we sat down, we were told there was no bread because the oven broke. We were served salads, but never got utensils. I know it is obnoxious, but I had to stand up and find someone to notice us. Our waiter shouted across the room "what is it", and I had to shout back. The food was good, but I did not get the potato I ordered. No one checked to see how we were doing or if we wanted more drinks. As we were leaving, we observed newly seated guests enjoying the warm bread that we were told didn't exist. We were given a gift card, so the evening wasn't a loss. However, we agreed that we would not return because of the bad service.
Went here last night. Only my second time here ever. I woulda have given 3 1/2 stars but... it was a Thursday night, walked in and it was pretty busy. We had to wait 10-15 for a table which I was surprised by. Our waitress was Cara I believe who was nice and efficient. I ordered a rack of ribs with fries and a salad. I was mainly disappointed in their choice of dressings believe it or not but the salad ended up being pretty good. We also got the Tonion which is really just like onion wedges- nothing special. The ribs were crunchy- not sure way but I couldn't eat a lot of the top layer. The meat inside the ribs was good though. I ended up not feeling too well so I didn't eat a whole lot. That's it nothing great, nothing really bad. I guess next time I go I'll try a steak because last time my son had one and loves i
Oh my Lanta.  The most amazing steak.  I've been there a few times now and I can not wait to go back.   I asked for A1 Sauce, and ended up not evening touching the bottle because my steak was just that good.  I'm a tiny person, and I can't usually finish a meal.  But you better believe I finished that 8 oz. steak and all of my mashed potatoes!  SO good.
If i wouldve known that you have to push this loaded potato shit together, i wouldve chosen another restaurant. Also, i order online and said MEDIUM WELL and all steak came out MEDIUM RARE.. i had to heat every steak up and had to use my own cheese cause they decided to mash every container with cheese sour cream and green onion and bacon, when i wanted one of them to have only cheese and bacon...if covid 19 hadnt mess everything up and if they were smart enough to make my plate, i wouldve enjoyed my meal...never recommend this shit
My table had some crumbs on it and my bread plates also had stains on them as well. I told the waitress and she fixed the problem asap.

I ordered the pork chops, mac and cheese, and broccoli. The pork chops were juicy and seasoned well, broccoli was also seasoned well, the mac and cheese tasted good but needs more cheese and bacon.
I'm surprised this place only has three stars! After ignoring it for five years or however long it's been right in our neighborhood, my boyfriend and I finally tried out Longhorn last night. I was really surprised at how good it was! Somehow I thought it couldn't possibly approach the deliciousness of Outback, but it did! The bread was warm and soft, and the  calamari appetizer was tender. My boyfriend's Montana Mule cocktail was very good (I sampled some because I wasn't thrilled with my own mojito, which was a little eucalyptus-y.) His burger looked awesome (it was big!) and his Parmesan garlic fries were incredibly addictive. My own lamb chops over mashed potatoes and spinach were fantastic. The chops were super tender and flavorful. I was really pleased. We both can't believe we never tried Longhorn before! We will be back!
I was pleasantly surprised!
Me and my bestie went here on our annual girls' night with her 4 year old daughter and we had our doubts because we had to wait 45 minutes.  But once we took a bite of that bread, our anger went away and the wait suddenly became worth it!   
To have us and a 4 year old with us, they treated us very nice and friendly and the little girl thoroughly enjoyed her ice cream at the end. 
My friend and I both got the same meal.  We both got the garlic Parmesan crusted chicken and oh my.  It was amazing.  They gave us both two big pieces of chicken that we could barely finish.  My only disappoint was that I had to pay 1.59 extra for asparagus and it wasn't that good.  The asparagus, I feel was a little under cooked and small.   But obviously, a 1.59 charge is not enough to get me to not like this place.  
We all left extremely full and with a take home box for all of us.  We were very surprised with how delicious everything was.  I will definitely be back with my boyfriend because I just know he will love the steak.
They didn't have anything. Our friend ordered red stag and they didn't have it. Then we ordered a Dos XX and instead of asking they brought out an amber. If we wanted an amber we would've been specific normally when you order XX you are asking for the original lager. I ordered spicy chicken bites and they told us they didn't have the spicy chili sauce. Bread came out maybe 10 before our entrees. The food wasn't good. With all the "we don't have that" responses they should just eliminate items out of the menu. My steak sandwich was more onions than steak. It was barely room temperature to say the least. Overall.... I won't even bother coming here. The French onion soup gave me a horrible stomachache and my boyfriend had the burger and chowder and he said the soup tasted canned. They have a lot of work to do to improve the food quality and the pantry needs to be replenished. Like wow on a Monday and also a holiday. I will not be returning to this location.
