Lou Bird's is the literal offspring of another restaurant with a fowl themed name - Happy Rooster (Lou I'm told is actually the daughter of HR's owner). It's a fine feathered relationship, I'm down with that! 

LB's happy hour is comparable to nearby establishments. They've a laidback atmosphere. My friend and I ordered three drinks off the happy hour menu and two apps. We'd the mussels which were in a white wine and a sort of mushroom perfumed broth. Nuanced but a little too salty for my pallet. We also ordered the cheese board which was delicious. For the main course we both ordered the roasted chicken (yep more birds)  in a "pan"which was really a sort of bowl but tasty none the less. My friend thought hers was salty so, in the future I'd probably order the reduction sauce on the side, I didn't mind the salt but perhaps I just got lucky. Either way in the future I'd ask them to hold the salt where possible because frankly it's not good for you.

Anyway everyone is nice without being super syrupy and the prices are fair especially for Center City. So support this non chain establishment and tell them A little birdy  sent you !
Came to dinner before a show. The service & food was excellent. The ambiance was beautiful & the art that adorned the walls was refreshing. I suggested this place to my friend after reading good reviews.  All I can say, is neither one of us was disappointed. 

The meal started as I like it.. with warm bread and butter. The bread was tender and hot and the butter seemed to melt in my mouth. For an appetizer I tried the pork belly and pierogie. The pork belly was cooked to perfection and was served on a piece of crisp toast. I'm not a fan of pierogies and found them to be ok. For an entree I had the duck breast. The duck breast was succulent, rich, and perfectly cooked! The duck breast was served in a wonderful sauce to accompany it. I also had sauted greens aside it. My companion had the halibut. I tried it, but it was ok but could not touch my entree. My entree was so delectable, that for a minute I also had to fight them off of my plate. Lol. 

After having a delicious meal, I tried the oat cake. While I had never tried oat cake before I found the cake to be good. The cake was sweet but not overpowering. This place is definitely somewhere that I must return to. If you are looking for a good meal, great ambiance, and laid back environment you must visit Lou Bird's.... I guarantee, you won't be disappointed. The irony is when I have eaten out with my companion they almost always seem to feel a little slighted or even jealous when my meal selection turns out better than theirs. Lol.... It's all good, the food that is.
New menu, second chance. I went in last night to try the new menu and I was impressed. The cocktail menu is fun and full of options. I went with the Penicillin cocktail, yummy, delish and perfect for this cold night! There were two of us dining and both tried the most magnificent Seafood Chowder, it could have been slightly more thick or hearty but it was flavorful and packed with seafood, jumbo shrimp, mussels etc. You must try this it will make you happy. My friend ordered the pommes dauphine which is basically creamy mashed potato with cheese then deep fried. A great balance of flavor and just enough crispiness, not over cooked, very good. He also enjoyed the wings with dipping sauce. For my entree I had the Lou Bird's Burger (named for the owners adorable daughter), it was cooked as requested and delivered hot. The burgers' ingredients added great texture and flavor. The service was excellent, very friendly and helpful staff.  See you next happy hour!
We ventured here for brunch over the weekend. The husband and I were sorely disappointed. The brunch menu is small, basically 8 items, which is fine. So you would figure that with a limited menu all items should be good. Not in our experience. 

We ordered the Lou Birds Mash (eggs, potatoes, onions, peppers, tomatoes, 
sausage) and the Chilaquiles (fried tortillas, chili pepper sauce, sour cream, and onion topped with two over easy eggs). The descriptions sounded so much better than the actual entree. 

My husband was very disappointed with his Lou Bird Mash. It was some some sort of flavorless scrambled egg concoction. My Chilaquiles with the fancy name and description was nothing more than two eggs over some cold soggy tortilla chips. Honestly, it's probably the worst brunch entree I've ever had.  

If you find yourself here for brunch, save a few bucks and stick to the Eggs "anyway you like em". I would hope they wouldn't mess that up.
Lou Bird's is the literal offspring of another restaurant with a fowl themed name - Happy Rooster (Lou I'm told is actually the daughter of HR's owner). It's a fine feathered relationship, I'm down with that! 

LB's happy hour is comparable to nearby establishments. They've a laidback atmosphere. My friend and I ordered three drinks off the happy hour menu and two apps. We'd the mussels which were in a white wine and a sort of mushroom perfumed broth. Nuanced but a little too salty for my pallet. We also ordered the cheese board which was delicious. For the main course we both ordered the roasted chicken (yep more birds)  in a "pan"which was really a sort of bowl but tasty none the less. My friend thought hers was salty so, in the future I'd probably order the reduction sauce on the side, I didn't mind the salt but perhaps I just got lucky. Either way in the future I'd ask them to hold the salt where possible because frankly it's not good for you.

Anyway everyone is nice without being super syrupy and the prices are fair especially for Center City. So support this non chain establishment and tell them A little birdy  sent you !
Philly has lots of great restaurants, but this is not one of them. There's a reason this place was empty.

3 of us had dinner here a few weeks ago and 1 was visiting from New York and we were excited to show off how great the Philly dining scene was. This place had been on my list for a  while and has decent reviews. We ordered dumplings, a cheese  board, a charcuterie board, polenta fries, chicken liver mousse, and Bolognese with pork ragu and papardelle. The polenta fries were spongy limp and sad. The waiter couldn't tell us what kind of cheese was brought out and didn't bother telling us what was on the charcuterie plate. The chicken liver mousse was too large a portion for how bad it was. The Bolognese was fine but if you can't do spaghetti...

I was super embarrassed and felt terrible because everything was extremely mediocre or flat out bad. The dumplings we're probably the best and they honestly tasted like they might have been freezer dumplings (but maybe not even as good?). I rarely write bad reviews, but I don't want anyone to waste their money here. I'm not sure how this place is still in business. Avoid it.
Lou Birds presents Philly with another exciting place to drink and dine.  A casual, yet modern atmosphere welcomes you upon entering (watch your step) to which you will be greeted with the biggest smile from a hostess I've seen in years.  The mrs. and I had reservations, and arrived early, not an unusual occurance, but one I'd recommend so that you can partake in the bar vibe and energy while sipping on variants of classic cocktails or beers by the bottle or can.  The Newfangled and By Any Other Alias ($12 ea) were pleasantly tasty.  My continual appreciation of Old Fashioneds and variations of it continue to grow as I enjoy every interpretation.  The Newfangled twists with rosemary syrup and a sprig of the same which provides a nice aroma with each sip.  By Any Other Alias is a delightfully refreshing beverage that I could totally see myself sipping on a a hot summer day while sitting in an old wooden rocker.  Pleasantly imbibed it was time to move to the next chapter, the food.

Our meal began with two thick slices of homemade poppy seed and fennel bread, warmed, served with cultured butter.  My advice, as tempting as it is to want to tear in to it, smell it, I mean really smell it.  The aroma is amazing and actually getting warm bread is not a constant in many eateries. Awesome way to begin.

First courses consisted of baby artichokes ($9) and pork belly($8).  The artichokes provided great bites as they were pulled through a sunflower seed pesto (I also suggest saving some bread for that too).  The pork belly had great flavor and the toast provided some excellent acoustics for our neighbors.

Second courses included the smoked rigatoni($12), dill vichyssoise($10) and peking pousin($12) The Vichy soup was poured table side and came with a pair of hoagie inspired crostini.  A nice touch to an ethereal smooth soup.  The pousin presented us with a half of the tiny bird broken down served with a scrumptious buckwheat waffle and soy syrup (easily one of the most intriguing and delicious items).  The smoked rigatoni was summer on a plate.  Representing sweet corn, tomatoes and mizuna, the perfectly al dente pasta provided texture to complement the seasonal ingredients.

Third courses included the lobster pasta ($28) and duck breast ($24).  The duck, sliced and perfectly cooked, had a sweetness that made me want it for brunch (as an option, not instead) Hints of maple and the natural sweetness from the chestnut puree balanced sweet and savory.  The lobster pasta was equally amazing with what seemed to be half of a lobster with more fresh hand made, hand torn pasta tossed with maitake mushrooms in a light cream sauce and sorrel.

Desserts (each $8) provided some nice contrasts as well without being overly sweet or complicated.  The milk chocolate mousse was light with an appreciated crunch from the buttery crisp on top.  The oat sponge was torn across the plate and accented with flavors of honey and chamomile.  I'd recommend mixing the flavors together for a combined bite as some of the lemon on its own may be a bit too sour for some.

All in all, I will enjoy returning to see what else the chef and bartenders offer as the seasons change.  I'd suggest you do the same before you miss out on a delicious meal.
Had a pretty nice experience at Lou Bird's. Was hoping that it could be a regular spot that my wife and I could frequent. Food is good, but portions are on the small and pricey side. Unfortunately, they are missing a bar menu and happy hour - so you are going to pay some good money to go here, and those looking for a good burger will be out of luck. 

Most people in this neighborhood want a casual spot with a good variety of food that they can frequent without breaking the bank - unfortunately not the case.
If you want to go to a bar and pretend like there's not a pandemic going on, this is your place.  They're running at about 125% occupancy instead of 25% and the manager/owner walks around to the tables without at mask on.  It also takes about 2 hours to get your food.   Do better Lou Bird's.
My boyfriend and I went Sunday night and sat at the bar. We were super cites to try this new neighborhood restaurant, we were not impressed at all and actually disappointed. It started out promising with the bartender being engaging and knowledgable about the cocktails. Then as time went on, he was not attentive to our drinks being empty. The bar was not crowded. The artichokes sounded delicious and were not good at all. We ordered a second plate that took over 30 minutes after we were done with the appetizer. And the "pierogies" were not pierogies, they were pot stickers and again not exciting. I don't think we will go back again. Maybe it's good for just one cocktail. Hopefully with time they will workout the kinks.
This was such a great restaurant week experience. I came here for dinner with a few friends and we all loved full and happy! The price ($35) is a steal given you are ordering directly from their normal dinner menu. It included 2 small plates, a main and dessert. Overall, the food was delicious and although the service was a bit slow at times our server was very apologetic and friendly. 

We were able to try essentially all of the apps available for the restaurant week menu. My favorites were probably the duck dumplings and ceviche. Obviously can't go wrong with burrata, which had some beet purée going on which was so good! We all loved the crustinis that came with the food - crispy and peppery.

I got the duck entree which was cooked well. My friends enjoyed their burger and poached cod. The snafu here was that our friend was served her burger at least ten minutes before the rest of us got our food. There was also a time when our drinks were empty and we had to wait quite a while for refills. That said, the server was really nice about it so that was good. 

The chocolate dessert was amazing, kind of reminded us of a Milky Way taste. Great end to the meal - I will be back!
Great spot! The area is overpopulated by casual dinning options and this is a perfect spot for a nice dinner that doesn't involve a trek to Rittenhouse at the very least. The decor is sparse but cozy. The service was beyond helpful and friendly. The food consists of interesting ingredients prepared in original ways. Our favorite included the gazpacho, pierogi, and the wagyu. The prices are comparable to other fine establishments in the city.  I am looking forward to my next visit.
Lou Bird's seems to get overshadowed by it's popular neighbor, but things won't be that way for long if Lou Bird's keeps churning out great meals like the one I had there.

Dinner started with house made bread, warmed, with soft house made butter. I've always wondered why it's so hard to get warm bread and soft butter at most restaurants. But having the bread & butter house made is that extra touch to make that simple pleasure even sweeter.  For appetizers I tried both the pork belly and the pierogies. The pork belly was perfectly cooked and served on top of a piece of bread like an open faced sandwich. It was the most delicious pork belly appetizer I've had to date. The pierogies were very good as well - roasted potato and duck confit with a whipped horseradish buttermilk sauce.

For my entree I was able to share the halibut and duck breast entrees. I started with the halibut, which was perfectly cooked and tender. Another dish that was the best version of that dish I've had to date.  Then I tried the duck and forgot for a moment how good the halibut was. The duck was sliced, perfectly cooked medium, and more tender than any duck I've tasted before. It was so good I wished I wasn't sharing it and had it all to myself! For dessert I had the oat cake. I wasn't expecting much since I had never even heard of oat cake, but that was very good too. I don't even usually try cocktails, but I had one of their cocktails which was good, and then followed that up with a perfectly balanced rum & coke. A basic drink that so many places get wrong, but not Lou Bird's. The waitress was awesome as well.

I do hope Lou Bird's can sustain this level of greatness and slowly draw people away from that other restaurant across the street. I had a 5 star meal at Lou Birds that I will remember for a long time!
Really a 4.5 star review, but I'm rounding up and feeling generous because I really did enjoy my dinner here very much. Everything was perfect, except the prices were a bit steep, but not enough to knock a full star off the rating. 

LOVED:
- Walking in a Saturday night and being seating immediately. Every where else I called had over 30 mins wait! Lou Birds had a table ready with no wait. 
- The rabbit dish! Absolutely delicious and stole the night. The little balls of citrus fruit on the rabbit added the perfect compliment to the sauces and potatoes. Brilliant. 
- Simple, small menu, was not overwhelming. But all delicious choices. Because the menu was pretty small, you can see they change the menu weekly! Brilliant, makes me want to come back often to try new things. 
- sweet potato ravioli with Brussels was so delicious. 
- cheesecake dessert special with marbled fudge was great. Different, whipped cheesecake was light and fluffy, not dense. But our waitress explained it perfectly to pre-warn us, and I really liked it being lightweight so it didn't over-fill me up. Yumm. 
- cute Romantic atmosphere. 
- fantastic, friendly, attentive service. 

LIKED: 
- cocktail options. I was expecting a larger cocktail menu since I thought they specialized in mixology type drinks. But, the few I ordered were very good. It's no Franklin Mortgage, but overall pretty good. I wonder if they change the cocktail list as often as they change the food menu? I'd like to see other creations 
- Fluke crudo was OK.. The fish itself was very tasty, but the jalapeños and the soy sauce was a little over powering over the delicate small pieces of fish. 

Overall a wonderful dining experience. The drinks were $14 each which I think was too high for this location but the food was priced more reasonably, and tasted amazing. I loved my dinner here, I recommend it to anyone, and I will certainly come back!!!
TL;DR
DO NOT ORDER THE SHRIMP CARBONARA. Probably would be best if you didn't even order food from here at all tbh. 

We ordered the cheese plate ($14), mussels ($14), chicken pot pie ($17) and shrimp carbonara ($18) for 3 people. My mom didn't eat at all, but we all had a drink. The drinks were okay, typical cocktails. 

I'll talk about the food from best to worst. 

The mussels we're probably the best, but if you're not into seafood that much (like me) it would honestly just taste like whatever. I do like dipping the bread in the sauce at the bottom of the bowl. 

The cheese plate was pretty good too, but that's because I like cheese. It had blue cheese, goat cheese, and maybe parmesan? with mustard, pickles, cashews, jam, and some toast. 

The chicken pot pie was ok, I only tasted a little bit, but my brother thought it was whatever too. 

The shrimp carbonara? Oh my god. I have never tasted something so disgusting. I actually should have read the reviews before I ordered it because it was fking terrible. I don't want to be that person, but I've been to Italy and I've had carbonara, and whatever they served here was not carbonara. To be fair, the shrimp was pretty good. Bouncy and chewy. But literally everything else about the dish? FIRST of all there was a small piece of egg shell that I caught. Probably should've stopped there right? No. I was hungry and dumb so I kept going. SECOND it was just so wet and gross and NO bacon even though it said it would have bacon, AND the peas to pasta ratio was just wrong, AND I'm pretty sure it had like little to no parmesan in it. THIRD, near the end of my dish, i noticed an uncooked fry in the middle of the noodles??? What??

I don't even want to give this place another chance. But you know the service was good and nice and I guess the dishes were a mild hit or a strong miss so... interpret this review however you want.
Came here for restaurant week last night and was not really impressed. 

The hostess was very strange. I specifically reserved a table, not a high top but she kept insisting this was my table even though I can clearly see regular tables were available. She also sat us right in front of the front door! I asked her if we can move since it's freezing and she just smiled and walked away!

So I brushed off the weird hostess interaction and waited about 15 minutes for the server to finally order our drinks. We got our first 2 small plates after about 25 minutes. The pasta was probably the best dish. Lots of good flavors but too many peas, not enough pasta. The ceviche was super fishy and was almost inedible with how fishy it tasted. IT needed more acidity and better cut work.

I got the duck as my main dish and it wasn't cooked very well. Very chewy and not at all crispy on the outside. I waited about 15 extra minutes after everyone else got their dessert. And not to mention I got literally 3 small pieces of duck.

All in all, this place was a total let down for me. Our reservation was at 7 and we ended up leaving around 9:40. WE waited forever for our food and I waited so long for my dessert and the place wasn't even crowded!
This is truly a cozy little hole in the wall - there isn't anything flashy about the aesthetic of this restaurant, it's just all about making you feel comfortable. There was great music playlist during dinner as well.

While their chickpea fries were yummy, their overall menu did not feel very veggie friendly. We got the burrata salad - this was a huge serving. The dumplings and chicken sandwich were top notch.
Please work on the details LB because overall it seems worth the effort to do so.

Unfortunately, your kitchen was painfully slow: 2 hours to have pre-dinner drinks, salad and entrée where the majority of that was time spent waiting for the salad.

It reached the point where the server was clearly embarrassed. That's not fair to your staff. Bad service = standard tip. Bad kitchen = far less likely to come back. 

On to when the food actually arrived. 

I'm fairly certain that the leaves in the salad had not been washed as they were covered in grit. If it was something in the dressing, please change it, because it was indistinguishable from chewing sand.

The duck was quite good and the steak even better. The sharp flavor of the kimchee paired well with the rest of the steak. 

There are far better dining options in this neighborhood. P&K, FDR, Audrey Claire, etc.... All have pleasing cuisine BUT they pay attention to detail AND are sharper in their process. 

Please step it up because there is some evident underlying appeal.
I have been so excited to try this place out, as our neighborhood really needs a new restaurant and I am not the biggest fan of the last new restaurant that went in down the street. The atmosphere is really nice, very different from p&k across the street. Great for date nights. My boyfriend and I first ordered drinks. I got the "by any other alias"  and my boyfriend got the "newfangled" which was essentially a old fashioned. Both were great! Good start. Then we got the artichokes as a first course and we both loved them. We waited awhile for the second course and the very kind and professional manager (I assumed) came over and apologized for the wait. We got the smoked rigatoni and it was well worth the wait! My only complaint was that it wasn't offered as a third course size because I could have eaten two of them. For the third course we got sea bass and pork. My boyfriend loved the pork, it was very different from pork he has gotten in the past. I also enjoyed my sea bass. It was very earthy tasting with beats and farro. As I do not eat meat, I do like to see a pasta option on the menu when I am tired of sea bass, so again I wish I could have had a larger portion of the rigatoni as an option. The menu offered three desserts and we decided to skip. Our waitress, Tutu, (who was great and very knowledgeable about the menu and restaurant) told us that the menu would change frequently and we will definitely be back to see what else the chef comes up with! Delicious!
I live closelyby to this location. I had stepped in for brunch. . The spot itself is cozy and comfortable.  Service is something need to be desired I had stepped in for a sunday afternoon.  portions and small but on a fairly reasonable size. Unfortunately  They are a tad pricey. I am sure if I had gone in for dinner it wouldn't be as bad as a nineteen dollar brunch order  with a 6 dollar momosa. the six dollar mimosa doesn't bother me as much as the entry. 


Good Stuff: They have brunch every saturday and sunday from 10-3pm.
The food is amazing , especially considering all the COVID restrictions 
Take out or pick up ..from the burgers 
To the Potpie and yes Salmon .. not only will you be supporting a local Resturant 
It will not be a sacrifice .. the food is great and they have invested a lot time into a menu that will " travel " well and now outdoor dining !!! Oh and the staff and owner are very entertaining
Lou Bird's is the first restaurant I chose to dine at in person after months of sheltering at home. I recently moved to the Grad Hospital neighborhood and wanted to try something close by. We sat outside and were seated far enough from other parties to comply with social distancing requirements.

I got the Watermelon Margarita and have returned many times to get them to go. It is DELICIOUS and so summery! The watermelon is fresh too. Worth every penny.

To eat, I got the lobster roll and my boyfriend got the buffalo shrimp and flatbread. We enjoyed everything we had!
I enjoyed my first experience at Lou Birds. I came in for happy hour as it was too packed across the street. This had a nice selection of wines and beers that were on special. The staff was friendly and it seemed like they were getting ready for the dinner service.

Along with my white wine I got a really nice cheese platter. It was affordable and came with some crackers along with some honey, and three cheeses. It was great and hit the spot.

I was happy overall and would come back to try dinner sometime.
Lou birds is a very intimate restaurant/bar with a bar that takes up one wall and spans about half of the dining area, and tables lined up on the other side. 

We came to Lou Birds at around 9:30 pm ish on a Friday night looking to have a couple drinks, but it was completely empty. The service was friendly, but with a party of about 8 people, they did forget to bring someone her drink and also did not refill our water pitcher at all during the time we were there, despite the fact that there were no other parties there. Other groups did eventually trickle in until the entire bar was full. I only had drinks, so I can't comment on the food, but I'd be interested to come back to try it some other time.
We went to Lou Bird's for the first time for Sunday brunch. Before arriving, I was able to make a 11:15 AM reservation on opentable easily and when we arrived the restaurant was actually pretty empty so we were seated right away. There was both indoor and outdoor seating available, but given it was only 11 am and already close to 90 degrees, we opted for inside. 

We were initially served pretty promptly, we ordered coffees for the table and got them pretty quickly, however when it came to ordering and receiving our food, it was a different story entirely. Of the three of us dining, two order the fried chicken and biscuits and one ordered the scrambled eggs with a side of fruit. Simple enough. About 15 minutes after we put our orders in, the waitress arrived and explained that the chicken would take a bit longer since they fry larger pieces and need to ensure proper cooking times then proceeded to make an off color joke about salmonella poisoning. She said it would only be about 10 - 15 minutes longer before we got our food. Well after about an hour, our dishes finally arrived. However, they were incomplete. The eggs did not come with a side of fruit and then the waitress was nowhere to be found. 

The food itself was okay. The fried chicken was quite frankly a little bland and the biscuit was quite dense, I ended up only eating about half of it. The eggs were a tad cold when they arrived at the table (since they had probably been waiting to come out while the fried chicken needed upwards of an hour to cook). We needed quite a few condiments at the table to overcome the bland food and around the time we got the check the waitress brought the side of fruit that was missing. 

The prices are not bad, for brunch, they had a special for $5 mimosas that we chose not to partake in but seemed like a pretty good deal. 

All in all, very underwhelmed. Probably will not be back.
Hamachi ceviche, lamb chops, scallops, bocadillo.  Based on other reviews it seems like they may have a changing or rotating menu.  All of these are keepers!!!! Ceviche was perfectly balanced and tender with watermelon and I believe soy-sesame flavor,  lamb chops with hazelnut cheese asparagus sauce.  Then the sea scallops with a unique soft textured rice and ham hock and bocadillo (sandwich) with nduja sausage, Spanish cheese and what I researched was a quince paste on really flakey bread - toasted.  Great place will be back
um....sorry but no. food is either bland or bad. Owner runs around  maskless. Bathrooms are filthy with no toilet paper. We ate outside but inside is the wild west - full bar, full dining room, full of people. What about the food? Yawn. Much better places nearby - try Bistro La Baia or basically anywhere. No, will not be back.
After walking past here and seeing it half empty numerous times, I decided to give it a try. Let me tel you, it was always half empty for a reason. We came for brunch and got the duck confit salad and the fried chicken and biscuit. Both dishes left a lot to be desired. The duck confit salad seemed to be missing the duck as there was only small flakes of duck in it. The potatoes in the salad were not cooked properly and too salty. The poached eggs were also not poached correctly and the yolk was no longer runny. Then the greens themselves were clearly old and did not taste good. As for the chicken and biscuit, it came with a kimchi that was seriously sad. It lacked any flavor. The fried chicken was ok but the balance of the sandwich was off. There was too much biscuit and it was super plain. 

The server was super nice about the food being bad, but I wouldn't come back. There are so many better options for brunch in the city.
This place has a great atmosphere and the food is great! Get the lobster bisque it's the best I've had yet in philly
Beware! Crowds are nose to nose at their outside bar/ serving area. No one wearing a mask, loud talking as usual at a crowded bar.  They are ignoring covid restrictions and good sense. Owners- do you really want to be responsible for a young drinker spreading this disease to older relatives?
I rarely give one star. I always feel there is something small that is redeemable. This place was not good at all. 
Mussels-almost no broth (couldn't even use a spoon!) and the bread was not toasted enough 
Brussels sprouts-not flavorful and for some reason served on top of a black bar napkin. All the cheese stuck to it and I couldn't eat the bottom part of the dish since it was stuck to the napkin.
Mushroom tart-cold in the middle. Asked them to warm it up. Came back and was STILL cold deeper into the dish! The crust was flaky but that's hard to mess up.
Pasta-congealed into one mess. Needed a knife to eat it and needed salt
Pavlova- burnt underneath and so tough it needed a strong knife to cut through it. And again served on a black bar napkin and couldn't eat the bottom part because it was stuck to the napkin
Chocolate cake-not really a cake since it was so dense. It was pretty cold you couldn't really get the flavor from it.
Additionally, my water cup smelled weird (so probably not cleaned well), and my husbands knife was dirty. 
Service was slow at the beginning and we didn't get our bread basket.
The place is never busy and I guess there is a reason. OH and this is the second time we've come here....I just really wanted to give it a second chance. I'm really disappointed :(
Excellent brunch with creative spins beyond the usual brunch fare, such as our Salad Lyonnaise (w/ duck confit, poached eggs) and Toad in a Hole (ultra thick slice of toast with pork belly on top). The prices were reasonable, and there were plenty of good options for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike.
Went in to try it out on a weeknight and thought it was great. Top notch drinks and a solid draft list for a smaller spot. Entree and app items were terrific - esp wagu beef, waffles, bass. Staff was fun and friendly. Great addition to the neighborhood and upgrades that corner big time.
Came here for brunch with a friend on a Sunday. My friend had a reservation but when we got to the front, the woman who helped us was confused. She told us she was the owner's wife and not really a hostess but seated us anyway. I don't think she seated us at a table that was assigned to any wait staff because we sat there for twenty minutes with water she gave us and no one came by. 

The worst part of it was that we were seated right next to the bar and the wait staff kept congregating at the bar to socialize with each other. We clearly were ready to order and made eye contact with most of them but no one took the initiative to come help us. They kept coming to the table next to us and never stopped. 

The menu looked over priced and was small for brunch so we got up to leave. We stood there for a minute, paused to see if any one was going to come help. And they just looked at us. Very weird overall experience, I think there was a serious organizational problem that caused us to get overlooked, because it wasn't crowded and it seemed like there was plenty of staff.
Best new restaurant in center city.   The duck is to die for...entire menu is over the top fantastic.  This is my new go to brunch spot in the city
Excellent service from beginning to end but the menu and food execution really missed the mark for me. The restaurant was empty which should have made me rethink our decision to stay. The buffalo shrimp was decent but nothing special. The shrimp pasta dish was very basic and lacked creativity- a forgettable dish. The burger was just not good as it was dry and lacked flavor. The chicken pot pie was pretty good but it's a hard dish to screw up. The cheesecake was fine but Whole Foods makes a better one. Overall the food was edible but just not tasty. The food quality was below what I expected. Like I said, the service was excellent but couldn't make up for the poor food. I hope they can revamp the menu and upgrade the quality & creativity of their food.
Loved everything about Lou Bird.  The interior is beautiful with a massive wall of exposed brick at the bar.  We sat outside in shady comfort.  Wait staff was exceptionally attentive and inviting.  

The beer selection is eclectic and fun.  My meal included the best grits I've had since visiting Natchez.

It's not a cheap date place, however, so save your pennies before making that reservation!
Went here for brunch and it was one of the most below average brunch experiences I have had in the city. It's just made so much more offensive for the prices they charge. $16 for chilaquiles that are simply two eggs over soggy nachos. $14 for the mash which had LITERALLY maybe 3 potatoes in it and was other wise just scrambled eggs. 

Not to mention asked for an english muffin side I never got. Service was incredibly slow. My food came out 5 minutes after everyone else's. The portions are also extremely small for the price.

Only saving grace is the Happy Rooster Mimosa was really good. So at least they can make a brunch drink here.

But wow paying these prices for below average flavorless food and subpar service while sitting in the cold...Not great. 

Quite literally 50 better brunch spots in the city.
Without going into detail, this gathering was born out of a hard time, so we really needed sweet service and good food. I think Lou Bird's delivered. There were a few little kinks... the gnocchi was just a tad mushy (over cooked?) but the flavor was definitely there. Some of the mussels were unopened and a few were a tad bit "ocean-y" but the crostini and broth were on point. I had the fried dumplings which were seriously tasty with delicious ginger-y dipping sauce. This was a solid spot. The service was good and that was a bonus because when you're going through something hard, kind people are necessary. If you need decent food, standard beer and wine with a good place for comfort-food and comfort-treatment, try Lou Bird's.
We came after a fun night with our friends and wanted to enjoy an extended happy hour like they advertised. Instead we were greeted by a bartender who judged us right from the start. I've been blacked out before and deserved shirt treatment but this was not one of those times and she demanded we leave which was a complete joke bc no one was even there. Fuck this place went to ten stone great place
No.  How this restaurant can be on any top list is weird.  It's awful.  The eggs were dry, the toast was like zwieback, the ketchup was good.  The crepe was doughy and tasteless.  Really it was pretty bad.  Service was earnest.  Music was dated and loud.  Another mediocre Philadelphia experience.  Expect less.
great beer selection and bartenders make good cocktails. delicious bar bites for happy hour. great brunch with a creative, well-executed menu. Nice relaxed atmosphere and friendly service all around.
Horrible ambience, old men trying to hit on women even when they are asked to leave them alone. The owner himself was drooling on girls at the bar. Shabby experience to say the least. Food was 40 mins late. Bar tender kept giving customers condescending looks. Will not recommend.
I'm writing mostly for brunch, as I have only come for dinner once and that was in August. I LOVE this place for brunch. When the weather was nice, we would sit outside with our pup; but now that it has grown cold, it is equally nice inside, very cozy. I think the portions are a good size and there are so many excellent choices: toad in the hole and mushroom omelette are my favs, while hubby likes the pancakes (served with birch syrup). Mimosas are a little pricey, but excellent Bloody Mary. Need to go back for dinner.
Incredible food! Was just here for New Years and had a great time. The duck here was the best I've ever had!
Absolutely dreadful restaurant experience.  

Place was empty when we got in.  Took us an hour to get our entrees.  Waitress twice brought us the wrong food.  Burger was the smallest patty I've ever seen; kitchen should be ashamed of actually serving a burger of that size.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out medium, at the least.   

Charcuterie plate was dull and tasteless, and in addition it was served above room temperature.   Everyone in the place seemed to be irritated over the length of time it was taking to get their food.  

Waitress was perfunctory in her apology but didn't go out of her way for my mother and I.   Halibut came out soupy.  

Cannot recommend this place any less.  Told a friend I had a bad experience there, and the friend had heard the service was miserable.  

Avoid.
I have been to Lou Bird's for brunch, lunch, dinner, and drinks. Each time, I have had a great experience due to the professional and friendly staff, as well as great food. This has been a go to brunch spot for me since arriving in the Philly area in September.
Awesome environment on 20th and Lombard. Bloody is on point. Outdoor seating sets a great mood. And the owner, Norris, has a great feel of interacting with customers and also letting them enjoy their space. 

One of favorite places for a quiet, good time. Perfect place for brunch
wooden finishes, crimson lighting, friendly staff, bolognese, curried soup, orange tart and house cocktails.
A great local spot for drinks and apps at the bar or a date in the dining room.
Alas, we've found our midweek spot. 
We've come to Lou birds multiple times in the last month and its always been a happy and relaxing experience. Honestly, that's our favorite part.
Wow... absolutely amazing meal I had bacon spinach gnocchi. I felt like a king, somebody spend hours making this and I devoured it in approximately 15 minutes I highly recommend it..
The bartender Bella was  on top of her game never had An Empty Glass... I will definitely return to try the rest of the menu.
I was really excited when this restaurant opened.  However, I was pretty disappointed after trying it out.  We had the pierogie and peking poussin to start.  The pierogie was good, but the duck and waffles was not.  It was a teeny tiny portion and the waffle was very dry with not enough sauce. For mains we had the duck breast and lobster pasta.  The duck was okay, but the lobster pasta was really underwhelming.  I've never had maitake mushrooms before, so this could be on me, but I found the dried mushrooms to be really unappetizing-- they really could have used some sauce or something.  My pasta was also clumped together; I found myself taking huge gulps of beer after every bite.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable and pleasant, but we waited a long time for our food.  Even though we didn't stick around for dessert, we still felt some sticker shock when the bill came (about $120 for two people) and left somewhat hungry.  I might give it a second chance since it is newly opened, but I am in no hurry to do so.
This is a really great neighborhood place, with some class and a great playlist. The bar and bar areas is very comfortable, usually not packed to where you have to stand or wait for a drink, and you get a real drink not a partial drink in a little half glass like across the street. You can relax and have a nice cocktail and food right in the bar area. The brick walls and open windows in warm weather make it feel a little like being on vacation right in your own backyard. Great drinks and a nice selection of wines by glass, not over the top, and great to have it just a few short blocks away. Sitting outside tonight was particularly pleasant. The burgers are really good here, on a nice brioche bun, and I am pretty picky on burgers. Came out for one tonight because I liked it so much the last time. Pierogies are great too.
Just had an extremely satisfying brunch at Lou Bird's.  Basically, if you want great service, excellent and reasonably priced brunch food, along with a warm and non-crowded ambiance, this is your place.  There were actually many other diners, but the space has such an open feel, and the tables are spaced so comfortably apart, that you do not have that horrible elbowing experience where a restaurant packs as many bodies as they can into one space.  Quite the opposite here, and I kept marveling over the warm and relaxed feel they managed to have despite a pretty busy brunch crowd.  
Which is not to say that the food isn't incredibly prepared and delicious!  I had the 2 eggs/choice of breakfast meat entree and it was just perfect.  Light, fluffy, very fresh scrambled eggs, perfectly (and I mean perfect) prepared potatoes, and a generous portion of chicken sausage (that I couldn't even finish).  Other entrees at the table looked just as wonderful, so from the raves I heard, I'd also recommend the duck confit salad and the gruyere omelette.  Everything about this brunch was really well done.  The service was also fabulous.  Everything came out hot, and we lingered over coffee and Bloody Mary's and never felt as though we were overstaying our welcome.  The bartender who took our orders was super nice.  
We ate inside and the tables outside were all occupied by the time we left.  I would go back in a second.  This really was an amazing brunch find.
Not a fan, overpriced for neighborhood. Food selection  minimal and no happy hour. Not a warm and cozy place. Will not return unless changes are made. Sad we couldn*t wait to try it out. Two times we tried and that is it.
This is a cozy neighborhood restaurant with delicious food and drinks. They also have plenty of gluten free options. One of my favorites is a buckwheat waffle with duck entree. Cheers!
Execellent, well-prepared food.  The rigatoni, burger, pork belly, and pierogies are stand-outs.
I think we had an off night, or maybe it was understaffed with the business of restaurant week. For an 8pm reservation, we didn't end up leaving until around 11pm. Our first course was erased from the kitchen, so we didn't get our appetizers until 9pm. The server and I think owner were very apologetic and friendly, and gave us a free drink. The food and ambiance are awesome, but food came out very very slow. Everything from the mussels to the steak to the cheesecake were so tasty and delicious. Probably won't be back for a regular dinner service, but may be back for happy hour.
This is my husband and I's go to brunch spot in the city. We like to visit Lou birds as I love their eggs Benedict and I am a HUGE fan of the Lou burger. I still think this is one of the best burgers in town. They also have delicious bloody Mary's and mimosas which are great when you are nursing a hangover after an evening of cocktails. The staff is also super friendly and attentive. Anytime people ask for recommendations for brunch spots in Philadelphia, my first recommendation is Lou Birds as I think you get the whole brunch package when stopping in.
I read a lot of really good reviews about his place and a friend highly recommend I go. So genius me decided to go to Center City/South Philadelphia the day after a 'bomb cyclone '.  20th and South is always hard to locate parking.  Of course I had to arrive 30 minutes before my reservation to ensure parking, I needed ever minute! Thankfully I arrive on time to a empty 'Host' stand. I made eye contact with the server at the bar and got the stare down from the other patrons. After walking over to address her she offered seating I explained I have a reservation. I was offered a seat in the bar area, no I made a reservation to dine and it was too cold to be near the front door. But thanks anyway.

After being seated about 3 minutes later the bar server returned with water. I go over a menu with a fairly balanced menagerie of dining options. Originally I thought to start with two small plate items but WAIT I see two of my favorite things a cheeseburger and kimchi. What's even better they are together!! I await patiently while sipping on a very nice red house wine. In the bar area there are 5 people and the dining area 4. It took the server 10 minutes to approach me. 

Back to cheeseburger with kimchi. The burger was quite small and the kimchi was coleslaw I can imagine a restaurant that is not Korean  making a coleslaw item that spicy and calling it kimchi however this was not spicy nor was a kimchee. The waitress was bubbly and friendly but I was very disappointed in my burger I asked for something hot about four minutes later she came out with a little bit of chopped jalapeños and on the side hot chili paste. By then I was done I think that my items I ordered some pierogies to go and that was enough for me.

The ambience was nice the wages of bubbly and friendly however I found the service slow and the burger disappointing.
Checked this place out last night.  Service was amazing but the food was very lack luster.  The lobster was gummy and the noodles all stuck together and really not very flavorful.  My friend got the duck and it was served room temperature.  It was a bit pricey for the portions as well.  Unfortunately I will not be revisiting.
I came here for Restaurant Week with my sister and I don't think I've ever been this underwhelmed during a meal. Our hostess was nice and we got seated right away, which was a plus.

But. The wait in between courses was a little too long. My appetizer, which was the margherita flat bread, was essentially just a cheese flat bread. The menu said it included basil and that I had the option of adding pepperoni or sausage. I chose sausage and of course, the flat bread came sans sausage.

My sister got the Buffalo fried shrimp, which was decent. Our entrees came - I got the summer pasta and added the chicken cutlet at cost, and my sister got the lobster roll. Firstly, my pasta was the blandest pasta I've ever tasted. The only seasoning I think was used, was pepper. My menu boasted of zucchini's and cherry tomatoes, which my pasta lacked. The chicken was just a thinly sliced chicken breast that looked like it was grilled, again with very little seasoning. My sister described her lobster roll as tasting like "nothing". 

Dessert was... fine, nothing to write home about. 

All in all, this was a pretty disappointing experience.
Took my boyfriend parents for dinner and we were just very please with the Food, atmosphere and the service!  We will be definitely coming back!
Silver dollar pancakes were tasty but actually a pretty small portion for brunch. Lemon curd was served on the side which was nice to adjust your own add I guess but honestly left something to be desired presentation wise... felt like I could have made my own pancakes and served it with a side of lemon curd at home, not very interesting. 

We arrived at 11am for Sunday brunch, and they had run out of several items, like donuts and turkey bacon, despite having apparently opened only one hour ago--and it wasn't crowded at all. 

Our group was told there were only two high chairs and they were both in use, despite having made a reservation requesting a high chair. They did work to resolve this though, but fyi.
I could crack the waffle over my head and it still wouldn't break. Completely inedible. God bless
I made a last minute decision to have my birthday dinner with my family here. The hostess was incredibly polite and accommodating. We were able to get a table for 5 outside by pushing two together. 

The table started with a Chenin Blanc, that was a nice wine for the beautiful albeit humid summer-like day. We got the root vegetable plate, which started the meal on a wary note because it was incredibly small. We also got the pork belly toast appetizer, which came with two pieces, so we order two servings. The pork belly was thick-cut with a sweet and sticky glaze. Unfortunately, they had forgotten an order, so we cut the two small pieces into thirds to share in the meantime. Since it came out pretty late, they graciously took care of it. We had snacked on the crusty bread with delicious butter with smoked sea salt in the meantime, and all that bread was a tad filling. 

I got the coconut curry halibut, which was a great summery fish fish that was incredibly flavorful. The white fish was very meaty and really quite filling with the beans in the broth. My friend got the scallops, which was not overcooked or rubbery at all. My brothers both got the duck with a light, herby sauce which they cleaned up. My best friend got the cavatelli, which she also liked. Though it was under small plates, she was filled with our appetizers. 

Overall, the meal was lovely. They were out of perogies that evening, but those sounded awesome. I'd like to come back when the small menu changes.
Arrived here to sit outside in time to watch the Costco shopping drive up. Cheesecake is 100% premade and frozen. Cheese platter was less than great (it's a favorite of mine at any restaurant that serves it). The waitress seemed quite irritated on the amount of time we were taking to enjoy our beverages prior to placing an order. Once she saw we were having drinks and apps she was even less responsive. Was she having a bad day? Does she have something going on in her personal life? Who knows? Point being the food is so-so and over priced. The drinks aren't particularly nice even if you order a staple like a Moscow mule.
Came here on a Sunday for brunch because everywhere else had very long waits. It was 2 of us and we were seated immediately, which was nice. I got Lou Bird's mash and my boyfriend got the chilaquiles. Lou Bird's mash was very fine, on par with scrambled eggs I make for myself. Bacon was highlight of the meal. Toast didn't even come with jam. My boyfriend's chilaquiles were pretty bland and didn't have beans, salsa, Guac or any topping. The onions were raw not cooked. Wouldn't come back here, but the food came quickly and we were hungry.
We had a wonderful experience at Lou Birds. I worked with the owner in planning a special bachelorette brunch for 20. The food was delicious, perfect way to cap off a celebratory weekend.
Lou Bird's, eh, not impressed. 

Came here back in late September and it was too crowded to sit inside, so, even though the wind was starting to pick up (we were here around 8:30pm), we opted to sit outside, which there's usually about 7 tables out there during the warmer months. No heat lamps though, but maybe because it wasn't really that time of year yet?

Service here was SLOW. It was slow-ish outside, which, I get. Sitting outside can tend to come with that side effect. But we eventually moved inside, before our food came, because it was getting too cold, and the service was 100x slower! I'll give them the benefit of the doubt, I have a feeling the guy working that night was new maybe, but still. 

Also, they sat us at this tiny, two person table off in some corner (horrible place to sit, you're both staring at a wall), they had the windows of the place still open AND an air vent under our table absolutely BLASTING freezing cold air! We mentioned something to our waiter but didn't notice a difference. They didn't close the windows until around 10pm. No, we didn't plan on eating there for that long, but again our service was sooooo slow. 

We shared a caprese salad outside to start, which was good, nothing spectacular, and each had the steak frites inside. Steak frites came with some really delicious sauce on top of it and the steak was done well. Great fries. We wanted to order a second drink, but by the time we were asked, we were practically done with dinner and then our check was nowhere to be found for about another 25 minutes! 

Decent food, super slow service... probably wouldn't come back here again.
Let's start by saying we visited this restaurant during restaurant week and I know things can be hectic and people can become overwhelmed but Liz our waitress and the buffalo shrimp were more than amazing. The owner (Norris) however needs to work on his hospitality. He was very much condescending when we were giving feedback about the food, which is a question he initiated. "Well you can't really beat getting a meal for $40." I thought that comment was very unnecessary. I can't say if I would go back anytime soon, BUT if I do it would only be to see Liz and get more shrimp they were great.
My food was cold, the server inattentive and the menu limited. The space is beautiful. It's all about the company for me and I'm not fussy about the food - so my one star rating says something!
Today I decided to do a walk-in and the boss welcomed me and my friends open heartily and recommended a couple drinks that hit the spot. The drinks he recommended were really solid, I recommend the green tea shot if you want to feel it right away but if you want something casual to slurp the vodka watermelon lemonade slushii.
Was originally going to go to Pub and Kitchen across the street but it was overcrowded so we decided to check out this place on a rainy Fri night.

Place is pretty small and had an intimate and relaxed vibe. Perfect for a date. We sat at the bar and the bartender was friendly and attentive. After almost 2 hours of being there, he topped us off with drinks, which was a pleasant surprise. I had 2 glasses of wine (the top off made it 3) so I left the place feeling happy and slightly drunk!

Would come back if I was in the area for the low key vibes and friendly service!
Stumbled upon this place after learning of the 45min wait at Honey's Sit 'N Eat nearby. We quickly got seated with no wait on a Saturday afternoon.

The chicken and waffles were delicious. The waffles were light and fluffy. The chicken was lightly breaded and juicy. We had to ask for a side of syrup, which completed the dish.  The side of potato salad was light and refreshing, but did not complement the dish that well. A different side would've been better suited.

We also tried the spicy buttermilk fried chicken sandwich. It was okay, but the chicken was bland and was not spicy at all. I would not order this again. 

Overall, a pleasant brunch experience with decent portions - try the chicken and waffles!
Came here for a group brunch during the beginning of summer. Pandemic still crazy. Everyone itching to get out. Restaurants understaffed and under-supplied. We kept our hopes low to start. We were a rowdy bunch and the staff were more then accommodating to our large group. We had mimosa's galore!! Specifically, I had a Rooster mimosa (a bit too much juice for my liking) and a Passion fruit mojito (flavorful and would order again). Now on to the food. MEH!! Let me start by saying that nothing tasted terrible. I simply wasn't wowed. I expected the star of the show to be the French toast. IT WAS NOT. The French toast looked like something that I could make at home. Dried out an flavorless. The eggs and potatoes had decent flavor. Everything just looked like something I could make at home and given the prices, I expected more. The highlight of the day was that we kept hearing Harold Melvin & The Blue notes - on repeat!! We simply had to sing along :-D.
