This is our favorite Chinese restaurant and we purchase food (either eat-in or take out) at least once a week. The food is invariably good and the owner is always so nice. 

I was originally doubtful of the sushi bar because I wasn't sure about the whole Chinese restaurant doing sushi thing, but after I tried it, the sushi turned out to be pretty good. I usually order the maki combo - 3 rolls, soup, and a salad - and they usually let me sub a spring roll of the salad. Sweet.
I love this place for many reasons:

1.  They have sushi  PLUS Chinese food PLUS Thai food...the menu is endless.

2. The dining room is huge  so you do not feel like you are sitting on top of the next table.  

3.  Dinner Combination Platter.  For less than $10.00 you can get an entree, soup, and egg roll......enough food to take to work the next day.

4. Super nice owner, great wait staff. (They also keep the place immaculate.)

5. Pork Fried Dumplings.....ohhhh the goodness!

My husband and I have been coming here for years and we have always been overly satisfied with everything.  They offer many vegetarian options and are usually very accommodating with substitutions.  The fact that they offer beer, wine, liquor, and a few mixed drinks is icing on the cake!
Lucky Star is no more.  It was destroyed by a fire.  We'll miss you!  Good luck rebuilding!
Yum, yum, gimme some! This place rocks. Great lunch specials (my husband and I stuff ourselves for under $15) and wonderful staff. It can be a bit slow when it's crowded, but hey, it's a family business so we'll cut them some slack. Love the WonTon Soup but beware the Hot & Sour Soup (they should change the name to REALLY, REALLY Hot & Sour Soup). Bonus points for giving out nifty 2008 calendars - between that and the fortune cookie, I walked out of there feeling like I was leaving a very excellent party.
I hate to have to write this as last year this was my favorite place & worthy of 4 stars.  Not sure what is going on maybe new owners or chef ?  but it has gone drastically down hill in past 3-4 months.  This is the 3rd bad order we have had where items were inedible and thrown out.  The sauces have become watery and bland.  The egg rolls had a horrible taste like something in them had gone bad.  The fried tofu used to be a favorite but now its not cooked properly mushy not firm  - no different then ordering soft and flavorless thanks to the super bland new sauces.  The curry was so horrible with a strong strange taste it was immediately tossed with the bad egg rolls.  2013-2014 this place was really good - first bad strike approx. 3 months ago loving the place have retried 2 additional times but disappointed and some items had to be tossed.
Summary, too expensive for mediocre food. 

Word of warning, pass on the "Chinese Pizza" aka what they call their scallion pancakes. Dough was very thick and overfried. Also the hot and sour soup was bland and was thickened with too much cornstarch.

We got two entrees, both specials. I got spicy chicken, shrimp and beef dish and it was cooked pretty well but the flavor was average. She ordered breaded shrimp and scallops. The breading was surprisingly hard instead of crispy. The snows peas were good.

Waitress was nice and attentive no issues there.

Overall better food can be had at almost any other non fast food Chinese restaurant. Food here was flavorless and forgettable.
Today's 2-star review contrasts a 4-star review from a few months ago. Today's review pertains to Lobster Cantonese which was on special today for $21 plus change. Service was cordial as always but the meal was Big Time disappointing. I've eaten Lobster Cantonese about two dozen times in the course of my lifetime. It's a phenomenal dish. This was my first time trying it at Lucky Star and the chef's interpretation of the classic dish was not what I expected. The luscious, abundant sauce that I'm accustomed to was non-existent. Today's cracked/split whole lobster was covered with a yellow slimy goo (roux?) and served on top of greens (scallions?) with a tiny puddle of drippings (less than a tablespoon) which meant eating the accompanying white rice dry. My "whole lobster" included a fraction of lobster tail meat (based on the size of the shell) and both claws had no meat. While Lobster Cantonese is usually rich in flavor, today's concoction had no discernable flavor. In a blindfold test, one would have no clue what he was eating except for the telltale pieces of shell throughout the dish. Lucky Star prepares many other things well but in my humble view Lobster Cantonese isn't among them.
I've been coming here for 2 years and I cannot rave about the food more! I've tried a few places in the area and I always go here. Their sushi is delicious and super fresh. Their crunch spicy tuna maki roll is second to none. Their Chinese entrees are also fantastic. 

While I usually order takeout, their ambience is really nice. The staff and friend and they have a great rewards system. If you get to a certain number of orders you get a percentage off of your next order. Definitely recommend!
Love this place. Service is a 5. Food a 4, except the sushi and hot and sour soup. Both of those are a 5. Some food is better than others. The service makes up for that two-fold.
Great old school Chinese Restaurant, just like my Grandmom use to take me to. The have a good wok and still bring a pot of tea to your table. Plus, the lunch specials are way cheep, like $ 6 cheep for the entree and soup.
The staff is ways friendly and happy to see you.
My fiance and I are so happy we found this place! We previously had a go to Chinese restaurant in Conshohocken but we regularly found the wait to be extremely long at dinner time so we decided to look elsewhere and we found Lucky Star!  They have a large number of options on their menu. 

I sat in the car while my fiance went to pick up the food. They had a table at the entrance of the restaurant for pick up.  When my fiance came back to the car the first thing he said was that the employee working the desk was genuinely really nice and he found that refreshing. He also mentioned that all the employees he could see were wearing masks appropriately.  We love when we see a restaurant taking the pandemic seriously.  We had chicken and broccoli with wonton soup and it was all perfect. I rarely finish my whole meal in one sitting but I finished this. The broccoli was perfectly cooked and their was plenty of sauce.  We both got white rice and also thought that was perfectly cooked.
The best Asian cuisine around Roxborough/Andorra. Recently from the NYC area so my taste buds have experience. My #1 fave in philly area is dim sum garden and this hits close to second.

What's good: the sushi, pork fried dumplings, pork fried rice. 

Even though they only offer takeout/delivery service, the person who checked me out was really nice and friendly!
Very good variety & good quality make it worth while to drive past a few places in Conshy to order from the Andorra staple
Good selection of Chinese, thai, and Japanese food in this area! Don't be fooled by this hidden spot tucked away inside a strip mall. They close at 11 on Fridays and Altho we got there around 9 it felt like we were going to be the last diners in there. Nether less, service was good! They brought out tea for everyone at our table in our own individual mugs. They have a sushi bar and their seating is hip slick and modern. Their veggie sushi was up to par. Yummy and delicious.
Time for an update!  In the few years since I initially posted this review, Lucky Star is still one of my go-to sushi places in the area.  The fish is fresh, the food overall is always good, and I think it offers a great value.

Coming here for dinner over the weekend, my boyfriend and I were greeted with friendly service and were seated right away.  We were given waters and crispy wonton strips with two sauces for dipping: a sweet duck sauce and a spicy mustard. I like dunking the wonton strip in both dips for a spicy-sweet combo.

I ordered the Maki Combo which comes with your choice of three rolls under $6, plus miso soup and the house salad.  The miso soup was good (average miso flavor), and the salad was nice as well.  I really liked the dressing which was not overly acidic as I find some ginger dressings.  I do wish the salad had romaine rather than iceberg lettuce, but that's pretty standard.

The rolls I selected were:
-Salmon Avocado: Your basic salmon avo roll with good amounts of each.  This is a basic roll but it's one I always enjoy.
-Crunch Spicy Tuna:  This is one of my favorite spicy spicy tuna rolls of any restaurant.  I think theirs just has great flavor!
-Mango Shrimp: A little sweet for me, kind of like dessert sushi.  I probably won't get this one again, but that's just personal preference.  I will say the mango was perfectly ripe!

My boyfriend got the Orange Chicken entree with brown rice (you can also order white rice instead).  I don't usually like orange chicken as I find it too cloying or with a weirdly-textured sauce, but I really enjoyed this one!  I kept stealing bites.  The chicken was cooked nicely and had a lovely light crunch.  Happy to have tried this dish here.

Although Lucky Star is situated in a vaguely unwelcoming strip mall of sorts, don't let the appearance throw you off.  Inside is tasty food, good service, and a meal that won't break the bank.  I'll be back again!
Stopped in for some sushi. Service was just ok. We had a lot of miscommunications with our server. Also when we mentioned  needing separate checks they came over and asked if we rewlly needed separated checks. So then we said fine don't separate it but then they separated it more times then we originally asked. Just a lot of miscommunication with the server. The food however was really good. The menu had tons of choices to choose from. Despite the service being a bit weird the food tasted really great which made up for it.
Called in takeout for dinner for the first time with my brother. It was quick - 20min and it was done. Dine-in isn't an option yet - when we pulled up, there was a line of a few people. They've got a table set up at the front door to provide you with your order. It's definitely a COVID-safe experience.

We both ordered the Maki Combo which came with soup and salad - the soup was the best we'd had from any place we've gotten sushi - it had a healthy amount of tofu and seaweed. He ordered the crunchy spicy salmon, spicy crunchy tuna, and the screaming 1. He really liked the crunchy spicy tuna and salmon; he wasn't as big of a fan of the screaming 1 as the avocado was overwhelming. I ordered the crunchy spicy salmon, salmon avocado, and screaming 2. I really enjoyed the crunch spicy salmon but not as much the others with avocado - the avocado was overwhelming; next time I'll probably stick with the crunch spicy rolls. OH and our order did come with fortune cookies which I'm a sucker for.

I've been looking for a reasonably priced sushi place and found that through Lucky Star. Overall, it wasn't the best sushi we've had but it was good. For the attached picture, the lighting wasn't great so you can't tell but the sushi's colors were vibrant.
Food is tasty, we enjoyed dining in. Some of the best Chinese and Japanese food in the area.
Good (but not great) American Chinese takeout. Definitely overpriced for what you get.
This is a cute takeout place that has decent seating and sushi.  The seafood wor bar is pretty good and served on a sizzling platter (they don't skimp on the seafood and the sauce is flavorful without an overwhelming taste of MSG).  I also like the sizzling short ribs, which are nice and tender.  Service is always great, and they offer brown rice.  The sushi is decent but nothing to rave about.  Overall, a good restaurant to get takeout from, or even dine in during lunch (really inexpensive specials).
I was looking for something different yet close enough to work that didn't require me to head all the way out to Plymouth meeting. Found this on yelp and decided to give it a try. They have Japanese and Chinese food which at times can make you question the quality. I ordered the chicken and broccoli lunch special. The bonus to this is that you have the option for brown rice!! Lunch special comes with soup for about $8? 

The food tastes great but they don't really give you enough of it compared to other Chinese take out. I ordered a shrimp and veggies and got about 2 shrimp and the rest veggies. So comparing the price with the value, I'm not too sure it's a good deal but the food is good though!
Great sushi!  Small portions. But it's probably the best for take out in the area. Would definitely order from lucky star again in the future.
1st time time ordering and very disappointing.
Sadly my top place King palace is closed so had to find new places .
So we ordered shrimp & broccoli 
When it came it had barely any shrimp and mostly broccoli , in red / brown sauce and carrots , which not sure where that belongs . 
The shrimp was rubbery and over cooked , the sauce is very salty & bitter.
My guess is they drenched it in soy sauce.
To top things off ,  I wound up having an allergic reaction to it . 

All together a huge disappointment and money wasted .
We were craving some good chinese food, so off to Yelp I went this friday evening.  Lucky Star had pretty good reviews, so I figured - why not!

Well, I guess the saying "to each his own" really does apply here.  The food was okay, i'll go into details later.  The person on the phone when I called to order was very nice.  When we went to pick up the food I felt that they were rushing us - which could be taken in a good way or bad - good as in that they are trying to get to as many customers as possible (we had obviously ordered take out) or bad as in the fact that they don't seem to care too much about their customers.

I will say for the price, you get a decent amount of food - their dinner combinations (which come with rice, eggroll AND soup - most are one or two but never all 3) are all about $7-8 bucks.  You can also get pork fried rice with your combo instead of the standard white rice - something else I'm not used to - at least without paying extra.  At other Chinese places I've been given the white rice that comes with the food and also the brown rice or fried rice or whichever rice I happened to order instead of the whie rice. Lots of wasted white rice!  Anyway, I digress....

Steamed Dumplings:  One of my absolute faves from chinese restaurants, some get it right - and some do not.  They do have these dumplings down, they were delicious.  They were served in the correct foil and plastic topped container (i've had them served in standard, cardboard chinese takeout boxes and they become extremely soggy and yucky and not worth it) and the sauce (I always forget what it's called) was very good.  Dumplings had a good flavor, I was happy with them.  I'd give the dumplings a 4.5 on a scale of 5.

Shrimp & Lobster Sauce Combo w/ Pork Fried Rice:  Meh.  I've very seldom found a good shrimp & lobster sauce - but i figured since this place had pretty good reviews, they'd do a good job at it.  It wasn't bad, it was just okay.  The pork fried rice was extremely underwhelming.  Very little flavor, I was disappointed  in it.  I'd give this Shrimp & Lobster Sauce Combo a 3 out of 5.  It was okay, and if I was going to continue ordering from this chinese place i most likely would not order it again, however since I don't plan to order from here again, that's not an issue.

Egg Drop Soup: I got this instead of my standard Wonton soup (choice of hot and sour, wonton or egg drop soup came with the combination meal) - I have never had egg drop soup so I am not sure what it's supposed to taste like.  It was very thick, I am assuming that's normal.  It didn't have much of a taste - I am not sure if this is standard.  However, I was only able to try a few spoonfuls of it becuase I found a piece of metal in the soup.  It looked like maybe a thin wire or something?  I'm not sure how it got into my soup, but I did not want to keep eating it to find out.  It could have injured me if I'd swallowed it, since it was a good inch if not more long and as thin as a paperclip, and very jagged.  I will give this no stars, due to the metal wire.

Egg Roll:  It's also quite difficult to find good eggrols - and these were actually pretty decent.  I'd give them a 3.5 out of 5.

My boyfriend ordered the spare ribs combo with pork fried rice and wonton soup.  He claimed his spare ribs were "good" the pork fried rice was "okay" and the eggroll was "good".  I tried a few forkfuls of his pork fried rice and his had more flavor than mine, I am not sure if they were different batches or what.  Also, I had a spoonful of his wonton soup - which he said was "meh", and I agree.  It was very watery and didn't have much flavor.  I would not recommend it.  

I didn't realize this would be so long, let me shorten this out:

They have somewhat decent food, and also serve liquor. It looks like a pretty cute restaurant to eat at, as well although we ordered takeout.  The eggrolls and steamed dumplings i'd go back for - everything else was very underwhelming.     I will not be going here again, as it was much further away than i'd originally thought and the food wasn't good enough to travel for. Also, their prices are pretty good - it was about 22 bucks for the two combo dinners and the appetizer - with all that you get with the combo meal (aside from the metal) its a good deal.
I was not sure what to expect but I heard good things about Lucky Star. I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere. It was very inviting and the wait staff was pleasant. I went during lunch and it wasn't busy. The food was very good and reasonably price for a lunch special. I probably would have paid another dollar if it cost more. I am excited to go back for the dinner service and to also try their sushi.
Overall: Pretty good, with a lot of options, and good service. Caveat: I was raised in Asia, so my standards for Asian food, especially Chinese, are a lot higher than most people's.

Ambience: Nothing special. Typical cheesy "Asian" decor, but comfortable seating and booths. Not really a "date" place, or a fancy dinner place, but great for a casual dinner with friends or SOs.

Service: Great. The wait staff were very nice and food came pretty quickly.

Food: Varied, and much better than a lot of other restaurants I've seen, though not any more authentic than the typical American Chinese restaurant. The Thai food is also way less authentic (there's not very much in the way of options), but the sushi is pretty good, and I can't speak for the other Japanese dishes because I haven't tried them. I would pick a real Thai place if you're hankering for Thai.

They have a lot of options--Thai, Japanese and Chinese, with the bulk of the food being Chinese. The seafood pan-fried noodles are my favorite, with the sesame chicken and sweet/sour meats being other good choices.

As for authenticity, they serve mostly typical "lo mein" and General Tso's and other typically American-Chinese options that Asians generally turn up their noses at. But if you're looking for good American Chinese food, this is very good.

Price: Eh, pretty typical; in other words, moderately overpriced. Obviously, you can get way better prices and value in Chinatown, if you're willing to sacrifice some ambience.
Wanted to try a new Chinese food restaurant and this was pretty close to our house. Pickup was easy- they had all the condiments on a table by the door so you can just pick up what you needed. I liked this cause my husband always forgets to get the duck sauce I like. 

The menu was pretty big. The soup was a little bland , it needed a little more salt or flavor. I got a dinner that had a mix of a little bit of everything: shrimp, lobster, scallops , chicken , pork , beef. I think it was called happy family or something like that. It was pretty good and it was generous with the amount of meat. The only thing that confused me is the menu for some reason is more limited on my phone, I had to use my husbands tablet to see the whole menu. 

Everything had a clean taste to it- didn't taste overly salty like a lot of places are. The lemon chicken was pretty good but it was that really crispy fried texture. I kind of like the way other places make it beer battered almost like fish and chips and softer. But it was still good.
Love Lucky Star! It's our go-to chinese food place.  Haven't had a bad meal here yet! And their sushi is incredible! Everything is so fresh and delicious!
I ordered delivery from this restaurant. They made the Door dash driver wait over 45 minutes at the restaurant before my food was ready.
The shrimp toast had ground shrimp, and no real flavor to it.
The calamari was fake, (whitefish), and way too chewy. It was supposed to be spicy, but it had no flavor whatsoever.
I ordered SHRIMP & Eggplant in garlic sauce. There was NO SHRIMP, and the garlic sauce was bland.
I won't be ordering from this place again, because there are plenty of Good Chinese Restaurants in the area.
This was the latest Chinese establishment added to my yelp repertoire.  Been to just about everyone in the yunk and roxborough.  Honestly there hasn't been that much deviation in places except for the rice and wether they use dark meat chicken in their tso.  This place was average but the Devore inside might make eating there an enjoyable experience.  Looked like a PF changs style interior, but most likely guessing because the original place burned down a few years ago.  It's tough to find this place online or order online so you'll most likely be calling in so I'm taking a couple of points away for convenience sake.  Hot and sour soup...meh I've had better; general tsos and egg roll were on par though.
Excellent Chinese food.  The sushi was average to just slightly above.  Their prices seem to be pretty darn reasonable as well.  Overall, I prefer this to King's Palace.
We loved lucky star before the fire, and we love it still.  One of the best Chinese restaurants in Philly.  They offer both Chinese and Japanese offerings with a sushi bar.  We love the miso soup.  I've had many of the offerings here from the traditional American Chinese favorites like lo mein and egg foo young, to their house specials and I have never been disappointed.  There are other Chinese restaurants closer to me, but none are as good as Lucky Star.
We came back to grab some food to go for dinner on our way back from the city and were very happy with both the quality and service.  I hadn't been here for a few years since I moved to NYC and my parents moved to Blue Bell, but the renovation looks great and the menu expansion is nice!  They also offer marinated, pan-seared pork chops if you call them a day in advance.  Our spicy stir-fried shredded pork, stir-fried scallops in a white wine sauce, Singapore chow men fun, and beef with string beans were good and flavorful, and totaled to less than $45, which was a shocker to my NYC prices-accustomed eyes.  The owners are very sweet and I would definitely come more often if I, well, actually lived here.  But my parents try to make it here as often as they can.  There's definitely something to be said for friendly service and solid, tried-and-true food.
Uh oh! My hubby decided to surprise me with some take-out the other evening, but he was quite disappointed with the dinner he brought home for himself. It was supposed to be pepper beef, but was mostly crunchy peppers. Included almost as an after thought were two of the tiniest pieces of beef ever! That was most unfortunate because he was very hungry and this dinner just didn't deliver. It was the only meal of the day for him, but he paid good money for a handful of green peppers which were not quite cooked enough. I had to broil a steak for him so that he didn't go to bed hungry. Sorry, Lucky Star, but this was a flop. Please do better next time!
Once every two or three weeks, my boyfriend and I will order chinese lunch specials from here. The price can NOT be beat. He always gets the General Tso's Chicken (which I've had before and is fantastic, mind you) and I always get the Orange Chicken. They're marked as spicy, but they honestly don't pack a ton of heat. The lunch specials include rice (however you like it, pork fried etc) and soup, egg roll, or spring roll. 

It's $6.25 per meal. SIX. DOLLHAIRS. Their delivery is usually about 40 minutes, sometimes less, but it's dependable and the food is always still piping hot. Only once have we ordered Hot & Sour Soup that arrived lukewarm.

All in all, dependable and consistent delivery.
Living in Lafayette Hill, this is the best we've had. Hunan Wok is terrible as are all the others in the PW area. Steamed pork dumplings are the best I've had and the General Tso's was really good. Only down side in my opinion are the egg rolls. Not the best, as they have that weird really smooth crunchy shell. This will be our go to for Chinese though.
Atmosphere: it is a casual/Classic Asian restaurant set up. It seemed clean.

Service: it took a little while for our waiter to come our way.

Water: they served our water with no ice.

Food: I had the General Tso and it was really good. It tasted fresh which is always a plus when it comes to Asian food. My wife had the Sesame Chicken and that was really good as well. Lucky Star seems to be the place to get decent Asian food in the area.
Good "Americanized" Asian cuisine.  Great flavor, large portions--this will actually fill you up.

I agree with Nikki T. that the decor is kind of chintzy, but I usually order take-out anyway.  Great wonton soup, great pork fried rice.  I love the General Tso's.  I hear the mango chicken is also really good.

Broad menu choices.  Chinese, sushi, Thai...you can't really go wrong here.
I'm not sure how this place has suck a high rating, I'm going to attribute it to the neighborhood clientele that probably don't know any better. It's OK for a neighborhood sushi fix, but really it's a little too expensive for what it is. The sushi is not as fresh as what you'll get downtown, and the cuts of fish are somewhat small with larger rice balls. They are always overwhelmed on the weekends with take out and dine in, and have a hard time keeping up. 

The Chinese and Thai take out we have gotten in the past are good, but the sushi is forgettable.
Every time they say "20 minutes" and it is sometimes double or triple that time to pick up!
I have been a customer for a long time...before and after the fire but I  am looking for a new place.
Favorite Chinese restaurant

Good portion sizes, friendly staff, prices are about what you;d pay anywhere else, but it's a nice quiet place
This is the best Chinese-American restaurant on Ridge!
It is a brand new place , opened recently , so it seems they are still working out how work efficiently and keep you happy. Been waiting a like longer than expected . Hope its worth the wait.
Love this place! It's my go to for takeout around Manayunk.  I recently ate in the restaurant and it was amazing.  I love their SPring and Park rolls and they have a great sauce on the beef&broccoli.  If you eat there you get the crispy noodles and amazing hot tea.  I highly recommend it.  The staff is always so friendly and I can't wait for the weekend to go back again!!
Terrible.  Any positive review given to this place was posted by the owner(s) or by people who don't know food. It's gross even for American-Chinese food.  Delivery took 1.5 hours.  We are down the street.  Food was leathery, tasteless, and seemed frozen then reheated.  One of the worst meals I've ever had.
Best Chinese in the Roxborough area, hands down! I had heard that they'd be reopening sometime early this year ... I am really hoping that happens!!! I know I'll be in there the first night, honest.
Greatest food of many regions in China and sushi to boot. Wait may be long but that is because everything is made to order not sitting around like other local restaurants. I personally have never had anything bad from this place before or after the fire. Remodeled place is wonderful , staff great and efficient as always. Missed all of you very much and am soooo glad you are all back.
The sushi is absolutely amazing. Their Flying Monkey roll is fantastic. Great atmosphere since the remodel. One of the best places around for asian food.
Growing up in Philly, this was the best Chinese restaurant to frequent. Great, quiant neighborhood, tucked in a corner of a small shopping center. The Food at Lucky Star is incredible throughout the years. I alwasy come back now when I visit my home city of Philly. I like the modern decor, the quietness, the incredible and polite servers. I also like how they added sushi to their menu and I applaud them for offering a lot of healthier and even vegan/vegetarian cuisine items. I loved their "fake meat" selection and their vegetables. Everything is done to perfection and it is truly incredible without being pompous. I highly recommend this place!
I love this place. I must eat here at least twice a week for lunch. They have your typical Chinese menu and a nice sushi bar. The staff is very nice and attentive. The owner is sweet and she will do what ever she can to make your visit go as well as possible. The shining star for Lucky Star is the tea. Most Chinese restaurants use that cheap bulk not so tasty black tea, but here you get a delicious Jasmine tea complimentary with your meal. It is really good.
Our go to Chinese restaurant!! Food is always good. Service is great as well. Great sushi too!
I've only ever ordered the sushi here, but it is always fresh and there are a variety of rolls to choose from. I like that the menu has Thai, Chinese, and sushi in case you're feeling indecisive!
I was desperately craving chinese food and couldn't find my phone so I ordered online at lucky star.  Online ordering is huge plus.  The food was a no go.  The crab rangoon tasted like the cream cheese went bad.  The sweet and sour chicken had no sauce.  It was neither sweet nor sour.  I also ordered the veggie spring rolls and noticed that it was just filled with one vegetable. . . cabbage (at least I hope that is what that was)?
I moved to the area after living in center city for 3 years. I quickly realized there's slim pickings for sushi, and especially if you want delivery. Someone recommended lucky star and we tried it. Honestly for the prices I was certain it wouldnt be good, but I was pleasantly surprised. We've consistently ordered from here for takeout sushi and it has always been really good and pretty creative if you like the rolls, which I do. The Chinese food is also tasty and they give you a really decent portion of food. Usually my fiancé and I can split a combo dinner (chicken, rice, soup), egg rolls, and a couple sushi rolls and we find it to be perfect. If you live in the area and need a solid delivery option, this beats out the other (very few and not as good) options nearby.
I cannot say enough praise about this place . Super fast delivery , delicious and fresh food . I ordered the seafood worba and it had huge pieces of fresh seafood . This is just one out of many amazing experiences we've had at this restaurant and when ordering delivery
When it comes to Chinese food I'm picky. This is by far my family's favorite place to go in the neighborhood. The owner knows us and is so kind. This is the best place in the neighborhood for Sushi. I always get the tuna lover which never disappoints. My daughter is Vegan and has many alternatives.
I usually order take out from here but the place is cute and looks like a nice place for a date.

I usually order something from the lunch menu which can range from $6-7. On this visit I ordered chicken, vegs, and pork fried rice. The food was fresh and was prepared fast. It also comes with a soup or egg roll. I had the hot and sour soup and it was very good with just enough of spice. I ordered a pizza roll which wasn't bad either.
After watching Squid Game, we were in the mood for some Asian cuisine.  Sadly, our go-to Korean place shut down, so we decided to try out Lucky Star with Asian Cuisine in the name.  

We placed our order and went in to pick up the food.  I don't know if diners were allowed to dine in, but the first thing that impressed me was it was clean.  Always a good sign and seems like the staff care.  We got our food and were off to our house.  We took some of you fellow yelper suggestions and got the steamed pork dumplings.   They were pretty good.  I went with Lemon Chicken, my favorite Americanized Chinese dish, because I like to try it places and haven't had it in a while.  It was pretty decent and we used the leftover lemon sauce for some cocktails later.  The pork fried rice too was pretty good.  Not as greasy as some places and a nice clean taste.  

When we think of Chinese food in the future, we might not discuss where to go and might just say lets go here.
