SO happy we finally have a solid burger joint within walking distance from Pennsport to satiate my ever-present burger and fries cravings and cure my hangovers.

Luckily we came this past weekend when the weather was unseasonably warm so they had the front windows open for some breeze. We opted for the window stool seats to people watch and soak in the sun. 

This place is super cute with bright blue paint so it doesn't feel as dingy and dark as its predecessor. Definitely a good day drinking bar (hopefully they add outdoor seating), but I would totally come here at night since it has a really chill, low-key vibe. Kinda felt like some pseudo-stoner/surfer bar. Plus, half the reason I'm giving them a 5 is their music selection. Rancid, Bad Religion, Alkaline Trio, Pennywise, etc. Very refreshing to not hear your basic top 40s.

Great craft beer and cider selection, plus this past Saturday they had $4 Helles Lager, which is awesome. Food = so good. FINALLY a decent burger in this damn neighborhood. You can opt for one patty (junior) or two patties (standard). Deff get the standard - they're smaller patties, Five Guys style, and you'll want two to crush together whatever cheese is all up in there.

BF got the special burger of the month: Greek burger, topped with lamb gyro meat, feta cheese, tzatziki and fresh tomato. Absolutely delicious and fresh and not skimpy on the feta.

To pair with my Down East Winter cider I got their classic bacon and cheddar which comes topped with their signature crispy onion straws, raw onions and bbq sauce. That sauce was SO good, sweet and tangy, and the raw onions were a nice touch. Bacon was super crispy.  Good buns on both burgers - held up nicely to the weight of food.

Fries were crinkle cut, not my personal favorite, but were fried to golden perfection (FYI, $2 upcharge for fries on the side).

I was stuffed to the brim after this so it's totally worth the price (and some of the other burgers and hotdogs are even more jam-packed with toppings). Would effin' love to try those loaded junkyard tater tots next time.

For two burgers, two sides of fries and five beers, the total was around $50 which isn't bad at all.

Service was great. Since we sat in the window, the bartenders were our servers and they were super friendly, really on point and never neglected us.

I will 100% visit back here next time I want a burger, which will most likely be very soon.
I'm so LUCKY I found this place, I could honestly weep. In the search for a good burger, my trusty Yelpers led me to Queen Village. This is, by far, the best burger I've had since moving to Philadelphia two years ago. I've tried $30 burgers that the magazines swear by, but they don't hold a candle to the $10 burger I scarfed at Lucky's. 

There's every combination of toppings/ sauces/ flavors you can imagine, and even some you can't - like the PB & Bacon burger with a side of J. That's right: a cheeseburger with peanut butter and bacon and a side of raspberry jam. It's disgusting to think about, but if you close your eyes, you'll be amazed at how well all of the flavors work together. It's a very rich burger, but I can see why it's an award-winner. Must try at least once.

With that being said, the star of the show really is their juicy, flavor-packed burger patty - as it should be! I don't like my patties too thick, as I find they're usually drier, but I don't like them McDonald's-thin either. This was just the right amount of juicy, cheese-covered protein. The toasted bun really pushed it over the top. Most of their burgers, unless noted, come with the options of Junior vs. Standard: Junior being one patty, Standard being two. I really only ordered the Junior because I know my lack of self-control, and I knew I didn't need the extra calories of a second patty. That being said, I have no regrets. The Junior was perfect, but I'm sure I could have easily devoured the Standard without a second thought.

Ordered a side of the junkyard tots. Very nice selection of beers on tap and an interesting variety of fries and tots. Bartender was personable and hilarious, and service was chill and quick. Came in on a Saturday mid-afternoon with no wait and few other patrons. It was a great place to sip beer and hang. 

I'm already planning my next visit.
Lucky's is consistently good every sing time. I am so happy a friend mentioned to come here one Sunday morning for Brunch. The burger menu is so impressive and the Buffalo Wing Burger is the jam. I haven't been able to get anything else on the menu because it's just so good. 

Service is always great and the staff are always friendly.
Last night we finally decided to try this new spot. So glad we did.
From the warm greeting, to the beer selection and suggestions, to the food..spot on!
We started with a blueberry cider and milk stout. Then on to El Guapo burger and PB and J burger. Yup, you read that right. And it was fantastic! 
Late night happy hour, late night Sunday brunch...brilliant. 
The bartenders and servers were super helpful   and pleasant. 
I want to go back right now!
When my friends suggested that we try this place out based on the tater-tots I was not overcome with excitement. Yes, the menu is full of appetizing ways to enjoy tater-tots but, "they are just tater-tots" I said. Upon my first bite I realized that tater-tots are nothing but a blank canvas waiting the artistic work from the kitchen in the form of sour cream, bacon, chives, chili,.... you get the picture. I am not the biggest tater-tot fan but I ordered them on my second and most recent visit and I they will be in front of me every time I take a seat at that establishment. 

The tots were pretty fantastic but there are a lot of other items on the menu that are worth considering. The onion strings are cooked and seasoned to perfection and served with a side of dipping sauce. Pretty much they are probably not good for you, but taste so good. I ordered the onion strings during my most recent visit and my pallet was pleased with the crispy seasoned strings I was stuffing in my face. 

Every item on the menu is served with some combination of toppings and that includes the Mac & Cheese. I shared an order of mac & cheese with bacon and tomato with my friends. Had we not ordered a burger we probably would have ordered a second round of mac & cheese; maybe even a different combination 

In regards to the hamburgers. They are some of the well crafted burgers I've laid eyed on. As for taste, they do a pretty damn good job with that too. I don't stray to far from the reservation so I kept it simple with bacon, cheddar, raw onion, bbq sauce, fried onion strings & sriracha aoli. Yeah, simply good!!
It does not surprise me that the burgers at Lucky's Last Chance have won awards. They have the most creative and extensive menu of options, there is truly something for everyone here.

My favorites include the Mak Attack and the PB & J Burger. I am sure that most people understand why Mac and Cheese on a burger is delicious, but most are hesitant to try the PB & J burger. STOP hesitating! This sweet and savory combo is incredible. I'm usually a side of fries girl, but have explored Lucky's tot offerings and have been consistently impressed. Perfectly crispy and seasoned! The fries are great too!

I have not dined in at this location, but I have ordered take out. The reason my review is less a star is because my order was missing an item. I called to ask for a refund for the missing item and the staff was helpful. It's always a bummer to realize you've driven too far away to go back for something that they forgot. A reminder to my friends reading to always check your bag before you leave!
Just another great bar with great food in Philly. And I had a burger that was right up there with maybe my number one of all time, the dragon burger at Shake Shack. That was... the peanut butter and jelly burger. I just kept saying, "Yep" as I was eating it. I would come back here any time for more tots too.
The best burger in the Philadelphia region, especially the mac attack burger. I had regular tavern burgers in my hometown a week after eating here and just couldn't stop thinking about how all other burgers in the suburbs suck so badly compared to this slice of heaven in the yunk.
This is a 4-star review with very high potential for a 5. Took a long walk on a Sunday and really worked up an appetite. The BF was in the mood for a burger and I couldn't argue when he suggested this place and I saw all of the stellar reviews.

First order of business: GREAT beer specials. There was a fantastic Great Lakes Double IPA on tap for $4. 

Service was spot on. I couldn't have asked for more friendly and attentive waitstaff. 

The Incomparable Bacon Cheddar burger was a hit with the significant other. He ordered onion straws on the side (to supplement the generous serving of onion straws that comes ON the burger) and I was ready to throw down if he wasn't willing to share. So crispy with the perfect amount of grease. You CAN'T go wrong.  

As for me, I liked my Joocey Lucy. The bacon flavor was pronounced, the burger cooked to perfection, and the cheese was a good balance. But having had the real thing in Minneapolis, it did not live up to my expectations.  This burger, by any other name, would be 5 stars.

This is a fantastic compliment to the neighborhood and I will be coming back for certain (and leaving room for tots!).
Hands down best burgers in Philly -- their PB&J Burger? To die for.  I tried it years ago on a whim and I keep going back to it.  The savory peanut butter with a touch of the sweet grape jelly add such extra flavor to the already delicious burger & bacon.  You can't beat it.  You simply can't.  

On top of that, the FRIES!! Main Street fries are my fave --- the cheese sauce is amazing....it was actually one of my pregnancy cravings!  Couple these two things with great craft beers?  Lucky's is a must-try in the Manayunk/Philly area.  

Full disclosure - I am not a fan of the tots...I think they're a bit soggy, but I'm not a tot fan in general and the tots alone are not worth "dinging" their score - still five stars, still a must-try.  

Also, full disclosure, it's 9:02am and I'm now craving a PB&J burger and Main Street fries.  Burgers go with coffee, right?
Ever since we moved out of Philadelphia, we've missed Lucky's. We finally went back a year later today, and it was even better than I remembered. The PB Bacon Burger is one of my all-time favorite foods, and the garlic fries are the perfect side. 
The staff is always friendly, and it's a great environment! Can't wait to go back again soon!
Usually I am one to write longer reviews, but for this place I am going to keep it short and simple.

If you like burgers or tater tots.... GO!!!
I am like the queen of burgers and this place is def in my top 5 for burger places! Delicious and worth the wait!
We came on a busy night so our wait was a little long but I would do it again! Can't wait to come back for more
Definitely lived up to the yelp hype.
I don't give out many 5 star reviews, but for the categories of gastropub/bar food/pub grub Lucky's is as good as it gets. 
This is the second time I've been there with GF. The first time I got a Classic Burger, Standard size. I didn't realize the standard was 2 patties. Delicious, but more than I needed. We split an order of Coney Tots, which have delicious chili & cheese on them. They were excellent. 
This second time, we got the Classic, Junior size. This is plenty, especially if you're getting a side. We got the Junkyard Tots, which were good too. Personally, I liked the Coney Tots better. 
The burgers are insanely good. I've had burgers from Standard Tap, Good Dog, Pour House in Westmont- all great, but I liked Lucky's burgers better. 
I'll have to try other things on the menu here. 
Beer selection is good, friendly service, clean atmosphere, nice people. 
I've been coming here for 20 years- since it was Strike 3. I've watched it change hands twice- Lyon's Den, then Kennett. I hope Lucky's stays, because there's always room for a great pub with superb food. 
I highly recommend this place.
Lucky's Last Chance's new location is seriously awesome. They've brought all of the delicious noms, beers, and great music to the folks out in Queens Village. Although this location feels a bit more like a restaurant than the original we appreciated the extra leg room to get comfy. The burgers and fries were on point. All of their creations are great, but my personal favorites are the Mak attack and the PB & Bacon. Don't forget to top your fries (or tots!) with the Main Street cheese sauce. It's SO good. 

If you're in the area and looking for a great burger Lucky's will not disappoint.
Solid joint to hangout and grab some food. Everything was good, server and manager guy were cool and told us what to order.  No complaints at all.  Not the best burger I've had but again, solid.  We somehow managed to order just about every part of the menu.  Everyone thought it was good.  Nice change of pace if your in the mood for burgers or dogs and a beer or 2.
Get over to Luckys at your first chance for good food at really reasonable prices! Seriously- a cocktail for $7.50?? In this economy??? Where else?? You can get anything on the menu and have a good time, or get a couple things and make your own new combo plate. Like tots and Mac. Or Mac and a hot dog. Either way-- .
A friend and I Came here on a Wednesday night after an event we had nearby. We ordered a few draft beers all of which were delicious. They had a good beer selection which included sours and gose which are my favorite!

We ordered the buffalo Mac and cheese, onion strings and cheese fries. Everything was delicious!! We couldn't even come close to finishing the food but we really enjoyed everything we ordered. The onion strings came with a dipping sauce that was realllly tasty! Will def be back again!
It was my last chance in Philadelphia for one more foodie adventure, and Lucky's Last Chance didn't only have the perfect name but also was the perfect place to cap my trip. My boyfriend and I were so cheesesteaked out, so we decided to switch things up and get amazing burgers or sandwiches. I found Lucky's Last Chance on a Google search, and it looked very promising by the overall positive reviews. Y'all did not lead me astray on this one! I loved the customer service, ambiance and food. 

We arrived around 11:15am on a Sunday. The place wasn't busy at all, and it appeared that we may been the first customers of the day. We chose to sit indoor and were escorted to a cozy booth. It was nice feeling like we had the whole restaurant to ourselves. Lucky us! 

One thing we loved about Philadelphia is the alternative/rock scene, which was totally the vibe we got at Lucky's Last Chance. My boyfriend is in a pop punk band, so naturally he felt right at home in the restaurant. Shout out to whomever curated the playlist we were listening to. It was fire, and we happily sang along to Weezer, The Killers, Black Keys, etc. while waiting for our food. 

I ordered the chicken and cheese sammich. Unfortunately I noticed that the chicken was pretty undercooked in the middle. One of the servers sent it back and replaced my order. They did me a solid by taking off this item from the bill but also hooking me up with a piece of fried chicken that was even bigger than the first version! The chicken was fully cooked but was super moist and tender on the inside. Loved the thick and crunchy skin on the outside. 

My boyfriend ordered the My Boy Bleu burger. I can totally see how Lucky's Last Chance's burgers are award winning. I've had many blue cheese burgers, but I thought My Boy Bleu was one of the best I had. It was pretty simple: juicy medium rare patty, fried onion strings, slice of tomato, and tons of chunky blue cheese. 

Lucky Last Chance's cheese sauce was money. It was made with good quality cheeses for sure, and it tasted amazing with my chicken sandwich and side of fries with Old Bay seasoning. 

Lastly, customer service was excellent! All the servers were friendly and helpful. One server in particular expressed genuine concern about my experience with the undercooked chicken and really tried to make things right. I'm very grateful for her going above and beyond.
This is a great place to go for a burger, fries and a drink.  The burgers are thin style like a Smash Burger or 5 Guys, but much better.  They are juicy and flavorful.  Awesome burger combinations.  

Can't wait for next time we can go!!
New place that opened near my house. Came in on a Saturday night with a friend. There were a few people at the bar. Had a nice beer selection. We ordered two burgers and split them. One was the burger with peanut butter and bacon. It was recommended and my dining partner  really liked it. I am not sure if I would order again. We also had the blue cheese burger with a side of tater tots. The burgers were very good along with the service. I am looking forward to returning again to try more off the menu.
We stopped by Lucky's with our puppy on a whim during a warm spring night in Philly... great choice!  From the moment we walked in, everyone was welcoming and courteous. They even gave our pup a bowl of water after we sat outside. 

The menu is impressive, and it took us a while to decide. We had the Almost Inferno and Incomparable Bacon Cheddar burgers.  The burgers were excellent and everything tasted and looked fresh/homemade. There are a lot of great burger/hot dog places around, but the combination of quality and variety at Lucky's makes it stand out. It is one of those restaurants you could easily fit into your "rotation" and never get bored.
We finally checked out their new location in QV last night - excellent burgers, awesome draft beer list, and super friendly staff.  Nice to see what they have done with the former Kennett location.  We will definitely be back.  Looking forward to expanded hours to include weekend brunch?
I'm so glad this place opened in QV! You should know that Lucky's is what it is - a fun burger place with a great beer selection and some sides - the menu is not extensive, but what they do they do great! Some do's and don'ts for Lucky's: 
Do come hungry - the burgers are huge and so are the side portions. The burger of the month right now is the Passion of the Cheese, a burger between two grilled cheeses one with bacon and one with tomato, its huge and yes it is as good as it sounds. 
Don't be afraid to break out of your comfort zone - there are lots of really fun burgers you'll be remiss if you order a plain old burger. 
Don't expect to be allowed to order your burger less than med. they wont cook rare or mid-rare. 
Do take time to peruse the beer menu - they have a great selection of beers from nice easy ales to dark stouts so everyone should find something they can enjoy! 
Don't pass up the side options - they have lots of tot and french fry choices, but try the onion straws super crispy and delicious and they come with the best zesty/spicy dipping sauce. 
Do befriend the servers, everyone is super helpful and friendly! The service was quick but definitely not rushed. It's a good place to enjoy your night and your food. 
In short DO come try out one of the best burger places in the city!
I'm glad something good has finally opened up in this spot! Actually the place has been open for a little while, but my husband and I just went a couple weeks ago. They are a burger, hot dogs, and fries kinda place. No fancy dishes but their burger was really good and my husband loved the dog. They have tons of different ways that spruce it up.  Y burger was stuffed with cheese, very moist and cooked perfectly. We will definitely go back. 

Their drink prices are also decent and they have a couple TVs so you can watch the game. Only thing I would suggest is to get a couple larger TVs.
Pretty darn good, if I do say so myself. I live in the area and didn't know this place was where it is. I usually frequent For Pete's Sake for the Eagles game but it was way too crowded there so we decided to check out Lucky's. It wasn't packed, which was a plus, and they had the game on! We sat at the bar and ordered drinks and food. 

The service was pretty attentive and the bartenders engaged us, which was nice. 

They have craft beer, cocktails, and wine. I was impressed when they actually had my favorite wine! I had a few of those bad boys. 

The food was good not great. We ordered the burger with the peanut butter that came with jelly and bacon, and while it was absolutely delicious, it was a little overcooked. The thing that my mate and I liked best about it was the fact that it wasn't greasy. You know how sometimes you pick up a burger and squeeze it and grease drips out? This was not the case. Good job, Lucky's. I also got the hot dog with the sharp provolone and the mushrooms and now THAT was good. The hot dog was perfectly juicy and it came on a buttery garlicky bread. We also ordered the jalapeno cheese tots was were wildy unremarkable. The cheese sauce didn't have much flavor and the jalapenos were just diced up bits that sat on top of the tots, they weren't mixed in and the dish didn't have any jalapeno flavor. They were also a bit mushy and undercooked. I like a crispy tot. 

Overall, the food was good, the service was good, and the drinks were good. It's definitely a place to keep in mind, although I'll have to be mindful of time. It took a long time for all of our things to come out and it seemed as though a lot of people were waiting a bit for takeout.
This was one of the best dining choices I've made in quite a while. The entire experience was fantastic. I had the PB and Bacon burger, and I couldn't believe how delicious it was. House made grape and berry jelly as a dipping sauce! Yum! Jalepeno and cheddar tots as a side. I am so full and proud of it! The only thing that could give the food a run for its money, was the staff. Kelsey is super personable and welcoming. From the moment we sat down we felt at home. Chris helped to keep that feeling going, saying hello and  chatting with us about our experience. Not only will we be back to try every burger and every hot dog, but also to enjoy the warmth of the great people who work there. Thanks!
after being told by royal izakaya that it'd be a 45 minute wait - we landed here. The nearest bar. 

all i can say is the tater tots give me life.
go on a tuesday! BOGO dogs which allows you to buy more of the sides like the onion strings. the different variety's of dogs are dope and they're all awesome. the draft list here is always on point too
Of course it's greasy, of course it's a heart attack waiting to happen. But it's a Guilt-free burger because it's delicious, it's cooked to perfection, and with a unique flavor openings like their famous peanut butter jelly and bacon burger! 
Go for the gold and get the standard size versus the junior. You'll want that extra pattie. I got my orders to go and when I got home, the bacon and taters were still crispy. This combo is a must try- a little sweet and salty. 
If you love cheese, Try the mak burger. Mac and cheese inside your burger. What can go wrong?

The only dud was the hotdogs. I personally would've liked the hotdog fried. This one tasted boiled.
Burgers are great on a rainy Friday evening and this place was close by. 
This place is a lot bigger than it looks from outside and I love the decor. The bathrooms are small but have art by Amberella, which I love so much! 

Highly recommend the mac & cheese, I wish they sold it by the pint. It's the perfect comfort food. I had the veggie burger, the patty was mostly black beans, and it was good! I just wish they had more options for those that don't want meat. I will definitely​ return ​to try the tater-tots.
Saw the photos of the food and my mouth instantly started to saliva. Haha. After seeing all the great reviews, I decided to eat here for dinner while on vacation!

Once I walked in, I felt welcomed. There's a bar immediately to your left and tables to your right and more towards the back. This establishment is a bit narrow, so not much opportunity for seating if they do get busy. Luckily, it wasn't too busy and we were able to get a booth. 

I don't remember the name of my burger, but it had guacamole in it!! Haha. I love guacamole. My absolute fave. It was yummy, but the patty wasn't too seasoned, which was honestly great because I ordered their main side tots, which was coated in old bay and special sauce, and it was salty. So combining the two gave it a great balance! 

Hubby ordered two types of hot dogs - I know one is called Voodoo (my favorite! So delicious!!!) and another one with 5-relish pepper and spicy mustard. He said the 5-relish one was alright, but loved the Voodoo dog!! Definitely get that one!! Overall, this place was delicious and we would definitely come back.
I came in here with my boyfriend watch the Eagles game. We were looking for something low key. This place is really cute inside, great staff and the food yum. I had the Mac Attack. It was huge and incredibly good. Beware you will need a take out container. The mac and cheese and the two patty burger was cheese heaven, but not too over powering. The roll was perfect. We shared the junkyard tots which were too good. Really resonably priced and place and a fun crowd. Dan was really nice and I would definitely come back. They also had outdoor seating on a quiet street, which I wouldn't mind trying out. Nice Sunday afternoon place.
I went into this with high hopes because of all the glowing reviews about the burgers.

My friend and I came around 5:30 for happy hour. There was a couple sitting outside, but no one in the restaurant itself. I mean no one. My friend and I were the only customers (three people came in around 6ish).

I wanted to try the "Lucky's Little J.A.W.N." collaboration with Neshaminy Creek because you can only get it here and at the one in Manayunk. They have a lot of ciders in bottles, too. Prices are average.

I had the Good Ol' Burger with Main Street Tots. The one bartender asked if I wanted one patty or two, but the other said it only comes with one because of the pulled pork ("one size fits all" = one patty). This made it sound like there was a mountain of pulled pork on top, but there wasn't. I've had Percy Street Barbecue before (the menu mentions this is the pork they use), so I expected/hoped it would be a lot of barbecue sauce-smothered pulled pork, but it wasn't. There was no sauce on the actual pulled pork. There was some kind of "mustard-style BBQ sauce" on the bottom (under the patty). It was really good. I just expected/hoped for a 1.5inch thick patty and a mountain of barbecue sauce-smother pork. It was filling (with tots), but I thought the burger would be bigger.

The patties are very thin. I think the "best burgers in Philadelphia" I've had are about twice as thick or more. You're better off getting a double.

The Main Street Tots were SO GOOD. They were crunchy and smothered in cheese and old bay. I could've done without the old bay, but they were the best thing about this meal.

My friend got the El Guapo and Garlic Butter Fries. She raved about the burger on the walk back to center city, but let me try a fry and although I loved Asiago, the fries were soft (I love crunchy fries/potatoes).

I  disagree with Justin who only made a Yelp account to give one star reviews, but I also don't think it's the best burger in the city. If I come back, I'd get something else with two patties. They're good, but the tots, atmosphere, and service make this a great place.

The bartenders were great and friendly. My water was filled a lot, and they didn't give us a hard time about ordering only one beer each.

My only "problems" are they only have one beer for happy hour for $4 (just do all your beers, or at least the 5-6% ones, like everyone else), and I think the full-size tots are the ones that are 1/2 off, the side orders are always around $3). Unless the side order is the full-size order, in which case, that's not chill. It was perfect for a side order, but I can't imagine paying ~$6 for that amount of fried potatoes and cheese. I hope it's not the full-size order because the fries have an "add to"/side price of 

It wasn't the best burger I've ever had (as I hoped), but it was pretty good. The tots were amazing (way better than the fries), and the bartenders were great, so I'd come back.
I was in the mood for a good burger and came across the reviews for Lucky's Last Chance. They surely did not disappoint!

We visited on a Saturday evening and the place was pretty empty. The staff were lovely and made us feel at home. They answered all of our questions and helped us narrow down our food order by recommending the Amal Attack and Incomparable Bacon Cheddar Burger. We also added an order of junkyard tots and onion strings. 

The burgers were juicy, well flavored, and were exactly what we were looking for. Add to that some amazingly crispy tots with toppings and it was even better. 

We'll definitely come back during our next trip to Philly.

To the owners, have you ever thought about opening a place in NYC? (A girl can dream)
I am not one to log on to Yelp and review a place, but this time I have to. Lucky's Last Chance has THE BEST gluten-free burger buns ever. It was so delicious, they are also getting a second dedicated fryer in a few weeks! Their food is outstanding as if their service. I am happy to live around the corner, I'll be going there...a lot. The only thing to make it even better would be gluten free beer, but I can't be greedy!!
Drove from NYC and everywhere was out of food or not taking us without a reservation... Was looking through yelp and kept skimming through this place. Finally decided to look at the reviews and immediately thought, let's try it, anything is good at this point. It's such a dive that we almost missed it! Thank God we didn't because the food and service was amazing!!! The pb&j bacon burger was the weirdest combination but sooo good. Officially a bookmark on my yelp page and recommending to everyone!
I only live a few blocks away from this place but I'm new to the area. A little about me- I LOVE burgers. With that said, this place has great burgers. I got the Gorgonzilla burger and was not at all disappointed. My boyfriend got burger that was on special that night which was like gyro meat on a burger with tzatziki sauce. Both were fantastic. We split the jalapeño cheese tots. They were outstanding. I mean, obviously cheesy tots are gonna be good, but these tasted even better than I expected. 
They have a really nice selection of beers and the staff all seem very knowledgeable of what they offer. On top of that it was like they all genuinely wanted us to enjoy everything. There was no pretension here. The place had kind of a "cool" vibe but no one is an asshole. Quite the opposite. I can't wait to go back. It was very comfortable and the staff was so friendly and the food was great.
When I heard that they had a peanut butter jelly and bacon Burger I had to check this place out... It was everything I could have dreamed of and even more! I'm not one for a big fat juicy burger that everything slides off of it and their burgers are just the right thickness the bun was wonderful and of course peanut butter jelly and bacon need I say anymore... Chili and cheddar cheese tater tots to boot and a wonderful martini! The bartender Kelsey makes a mean drink very pleasant and the service is wonderful... Tim the manager very kind and came to make sure that everything was good and of course it was! See you soon Lucky's Last Chance, check it out it's really good!
Watch out Queen Village bars, you have competition for the local hot spot! Lucky's is awesome in every way. Their staff is super friendly and neighborly, the draft beer selection is thoughtful and impressive, and of course, their food is out of this world. Obviously, you can't go wrong with their renowned burgers, but don't overlook the other creative options on the menu! I'm so thankful this new location is only a few blocks away from my place, because I foresee myself visiting quite a bit!
Wonderful spot with a solid beer list and GREAT food!!! The tots and fries were crispy, hot and flavorful. The beer cheese on the Main Street Tots was rich and so delicious. I went with the classic burger, the burger patties were so fresh and perfectly cooked. I will be back to try more of the burgers and hot dogs too!
Luckys!!! So I lived in manayunk for about a year and a half right out of college and they had a Luckys there and it was my favorite restaurant hands down in manayunk. Fast forward two years and I'm walking down the street to my surprise they opened a luckys on 2nd st!!!  Hands down best burger selections in the city. They will always have a different burger of the month so make sure you try that. So many unique burgers makes this place a must try!
A buddy of mine has been wanting me to come here for a long time, so had a chance one weekend to check it out. I get there and it has very relax gastro pub feel to it. The bartender was a cool guy and willing to chat as well, so customer service is pretty good. The beer list is pretty good with a lot of great craft beer options to choose from. The place is supposedly known for their burgers, so I decided to order one. I decided to try out a PB& J burger since that sounded interesting. It was a very juicy burger with a bit of sweetness from the peanut butter and the jelly. The jelly on the side was also a great dipping sauce for the fries! Awesome bar and I need to try the rest of the burgers there.
My boyfriend and I wanted to grab some dinner , we're new to Philly and decided to check this place out and we were not disappointed. Awesome customer service , great ambiance, felt super safe and comfortable amid covid guidelines and the food was even better! Left feeling super stuffed , we will definitely be back!
Yo, just had a hot dog and tots. It was damn good, nice bun and a nice crunch on the dog and the cheese on top was perfect. Tots were done perfectly as well. I'm a simple man and this all brought me back to my childhood hotdog stand without breaking the bank. The haters that want to go to Bok and break the bank on over priced crap, go do that and stay away. This place is underrated and 5 stars by me!
Always a great time at Lucky's. The staff is friendly and they are taking covid precautions seriously. Outdoor seating has heat lamps which helped keep us warm during our meal. 

Lucky's menu accommodates many dietary restrictions and all of the burgers can be replaced with a veggie patty. Additionally there is always a monthly special which is delicious. There are fries and tator tots served in several ways. One our favorites is with old bay seasoning and cheese sauce. 

If I had to give one piece of critique it would be to provide some "healthier" options, which I understand is hard to accommodate in a burger place. Maybe a house salad or vegetables with hummus would be something to consider.
Was craving a burger and we came across this place so little we almost missed the entrance lol. Everything was okay, didn't wow me enough to want to go back but had good flavor.
Thanks to yelp for recommending highly Lucky's Last Chance. They have so many selections and prices are great. I think no matter what you get you will absolutely love their food, I especially loved their Burger of the Month. The staff were very helpful and overall the service was great. Lucky's Last Chance, I'll be back the next time I'm in the neighborhood.
Really enjoyable burger and beer spot. I had the Pickle Burger which was a great double cheeseburger with pickle chips, deep fried pickles and relish. I enjoy that everything here can come with Tots, I have long been a believer that tots should replace fries in the pantheon of burger sides. My dining mate had the cheese fries and they were honestly the best cheese fries I have ever tasted, this place is worth visiting just the cheese fries. The absolute platonic ideal of melted cheese on top of fried potatoes. 

Nice beer list as well. Friendly staff. Good experience all around.
If you're ever craving a big juicy burger or even a cheat day, Lucky's Last Chance will totally hit the spot! My boyfriend came her once before the pandemic and have been waiting for this place to open back up.

Last time we ordered:
-coney tots: delicious and good. A bit heavy though bc there was chilli on top.
-bacon, egg, cheese burger: DIVINE. Reminds me of a hungover breakfast sandwich that just hits the spot.
-el guapo burger : delicious with a nice added crunch from the tortilla chips. The guacamole on it was fresh and so tasty.

This time we went with:
Peanut Butter and Jelly Burger: we were a bit intrigued but so hesitant, but decided to give it a whirl. This burger is definitely a unique one for sure and it was no surprise that that this burger won 3x in a row at the Philly burger brawl. The jam gives the burger a nice added sweetness, yet the peanut butter gives it a nice savory twist. It was PHENOMENAL. I highly recommend especially if you're someone who's interest is peeked when seeing this burger on the menu.
Inferno burger - super flavorful with a big kick, hence the name. It's perfect if you're looking for something more classic with some heat.
Junkyard Tots: perfect amount of cheese, bacon, sour cream, and scallions. This was by far my favorite out of the two types of tots I had. We left no stragglers behind! 

Highly recommend this burger spot, but make sure you're hungry as the burgers were quite filling, especially with a beer on the side .
My husband and I just tried this a few weeks ago for the first time! We brought the dogs too. EXCELLENT food and service. My husband is super picky with burgers he loved it. I ate a veggie burger and can honestly say best I had at a restaurant. The burgers are big! Oh and the fries... must get!
Perfect neighborhood spot. Friendly staff that will assist you with any questions you have. Burgers and dogs are amazing. Reasonably priced with good portions.
The pickle monster burger is amazingly good. Staff is always so friendly. I honestly am glad I don't live close by I would be there every day. Always a nice crowd as well.
I found out about Lucky's Last Chance while at the Philadelphia Restaurant festival. Wanted to give it a try as their Queens Village location is pretty close - so glad I did. Went into this nice little spot on a Monday. The absolute only thing that disappointed me was that I picked the one day of the week when their happy hour is later than usual. Everything else was outstanding. I ordered a burger with BBQ pulled pork from Percy street. My boyfriend ordered a burger with pulled Buffalo chicken. We were so impressed with both of them that we decided to have a half of each. We had a side of loaded tots: bacon, shredded cheddar, sour cream, chives - not a single tot was left. Service was awesome. Looking forward to going back to try some of their dogs!
Another good visit at Lucky's. For Philly Beer week there were a bunch of local beers on tap. Our party ordered two of the specials on the menu, Wit or Witout burger (burger patty with ribeye, pretzel bun, and your choice of with or without grilled onions) and the bruschetta (mozzarella, bruschetta mix, and a ciabatta roll). 

Service was great as usual!
Love lucky's!! Their tots are perfect (get them worth Main Street sauce), fries good as well, and can't beat the unique burger selection.

My favorite is the Mac attack burger, but I've also tried the pb&j bacon burger and the buffalo chicken burger (ALL delicious). You can also get a more classic burger if that's what you're in the mood for... but the adventurous burgers are too fun not to try. The beer selection is really good in my opinion too. I'm dying to try their brunch!

I also love the ambiance here - cool punk rock posters adorn the walls. Got into a conversation with a server who told me about the artist who designed them, and that he regularly comes to update the wall. Super cool and nice staff!
My favorite restaurant not just in Queen Villahe but in all of Philly! Great rotating selection of beers, fantastic burgers and dogs, and delicious crispy tots. Run don't walk to get the Pickle Monster burger--YUM. I'm writing this from my booth at Lucky's!
I don't know what the big deal is about this place. The food is mediocre at BEST. They boast locally sourced, fresh ingredients, yet I asked for cheddar (even double checked that it was REAL cheddar) on mine and got this horrible white "Kraft" or  "Velveta" runny, crappy cheese. They put the tomato on the wrong burger, the meat is a sausage/beef blend. Gross. The only flavor it has is salt -and too much of it. They're "reaching" to be gourmet. Burgers are the easiest thing in the world to make tasty, this was a bland "mess." The "large" fries (which they charged $7 for) were also, mediocre and barely more than the small. What a shame! So disappointed. 3 burgers and fries came to $50 (not including tip). Took 45 minutes for 3 burgers and 1 order of fries and it wasn't even busy at all.
We came here after chilling at the Bok Bar. 
The aesthetics of this place reminds me of a rodeo in the Wild West. I love the outdoor seating and how they offer a doggie water bowl outside. The inside is very dark though. Not the most ideal lighting for foodies to take pics of our food.

We got original mac and cheese and the "Junkyard" tatertots. Both were delicious and I loved the Mac and cheese. Very flavorful. The burgers were just ok. I got the "My Boy Bleu" burger and my bf got the "Gargonzilla". They both looked the same, nothing too fancy as I saw in pictures on here. The bleu cheese in my burger was way too overwhelming and the burger was a bit dry, however no condiment was helping with that bleu cheese taste. My boyfriend liked his burger, but was not impressed. We came to conclusion that we probably didn't make the best choices out of everything on the menu. We enjoyed our experience. We hope to come back to perhaps try out other burgers, most likely a regular burger or some crowd favorites. Also probably some hotdogs. 

Maybe we tried to go too far out our comfort zone, lol!
