I have been eating a lot of Luigi's lately. There is so much terrible pizza in Philly, that when I find one place that makes a decent slice, I eat it until I'm completely sick of it. So far most of their pizza has been okay, they use real (read: chewy) crust. Plus, they charge reasonable prices their delivery is extraordinarily fast. It has seriously never taken more than 20 minutes to get our food delivered and it is always fresh and hot.

So the good things I've tried include the spinach and garlic pizza, both white and with sauce. Also, the godfather pizza is pretty great- pesto, prosciutto, tomato, ricotta, mozzarella and parmesan. Pizza is easily ruined by too much pesto, which can easily make it soggy, oily, and unpalatable. But the staff at Luigi's uses the perfect amount of the sauce.

The less lovely selections have been the disappointing margherita pizza (usually my favorite flavor), the cheese wasn't as fresh as I had hoped and the flavors were a bit flat. Also, the caesar salad I ordered was so tragically overdressed I actually wiped off the leaves with a napkin. Remember: dressing on the side, people!

I'll be sick of it in a few weeks, for sure, but it is okay for now.
This place is the real deal folks ... Luigi's is THE BOMB! 

The owner, Luigi, is from Naples (Italy), my wife's hometown, so he knows how to cook proper Italian. The food is incredible, the portions huge, and the prices extremely fair.

We found Luigi's after a short visit to Eastern State Penitentiary, just down the street a few blocks (they are also just a few blocks east of the Philadelphia Museum of Art). A simple place, it looks like a takeout pizza joint where you can get a slice and a soda and sit if you want, but the menu is much more extensive than you might think. Beside pizza, sandwiches, pasta, and salads, they offer chicken parmigiana, veal parmigiana, eggplant parmigiana, and chicken cacciatore, all $10.95, including a large side of pasta ($2.50 more for gnocchi, tortellini, or ravioli).

My wife had a panino (singular - "panini" is actually plural in Italian), the Four Season ($8.95) with prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, olive oil, oregano, and basil on fresh focaccia and an order of fries ($3.50). The panino was very big and delicious, and the fries hot and perfectly cooked. The focaccia was obviously made in-house, soft on the inside and slightly crispy and perfectly seasoned with olive oil, fresh rosemary and sea salt on the outside. I ordered the Veal Parmigiana ($10.95), coming with a massive side of tortellini ($2.50 extra for a total of $13.45). The veal was the best parmigiana I have had in memory and the portion was huge (see my photos) with four good size breaded veal scallops covered with the best marinara I have had outside Italy and fresh, warm, gooey, delicious mozzarella. Then there was the tortellini, a meal in itself,  perfectly cooked "al dente" and tossed (not drenched) in a superb Bolognese (meat) sauce just as it should be. I did not think I could eat all of it when they brought it to the table, but it was so good I could not help myself, cleaning both plates by the time we were done.

The bill came to a little over $30 for the sandwich, fries, veal, pasta, and two fountain drinks, a mere pittance for a meal as good as this one. Their service and hospitality could not have been better or friendlier and the food is one of the best "values" I have experienced in a long, long time. Grazie Luigi ... a presto!

CombatCritic Gives Luigi's Pizza Fresca 10 Bombs Out Of 10 ... More Bombs Are Better .... Luigi's is THE BOMB!
This is definitely the pizza place I prefer now that I've relocated to the Art Museum! The staff is friendly and pretty quick with your order which is great because we usually grab pizza when we're in a rush. The pizza isn't super oily and the pizza dough itself is a little bit sweet and tasty on it's own. I've also had the Freschissima salad which had grilled artichokes and string beans and sauteed shrimp (among other things) which I devoured. 

It's probably more like a 3 and half star when it comes to the food but I really like the people who work here-- they seem to know a lot of people in the neighborhood. Also, I love that there is outdoor seating on the warm days. Solid.
I'm pretty amped that there's good, quick pizza anywhere...especially when it's in cozy little Fairmount.

Offering a crust almost as thin as any haughty New York sit-down-and-enjoy-joint and letting you take a slice at a time, Luigis is a winner. Luigi's bakes a multitude of flavors - buffalo chicken with fresh meat, a white pizza done right with bits of crispy garlic, and a whole wheat option for your health conscious 70 year old father (or grandfather), everyone is sure to be happy.

And if you're not quite full enough after a slice (or two) of pizza, grab some fresh foccaccia. It's like thick pizza dough, and is served hot and wonderful. If you're kind and smile nicely, no one will care that you've eaten half of the cold pizza samples either. Promise.

Oh, and for the health freaks, I guess they offer salads...but if you do get one, get a slice of homemade bread. Serious business.
What a nice experience of Philly pizza.  Walking from the infamous Rocky statue and checking out Yelp to what was nearby.  It's just a little corner joint with great pizza.   I think about 25 people can fit in there with another 5-6 outside. Everything that I saw coming out of the kitchen looked really good.  They had a huge selection of slices to go for a quick bite.  If you are in the area, stop in!
This is everything all the other reviewers were clamoring about.  A neighbor told us we needed to order from here as it was good and they were the only pizza place in our neighborhood that delivers...so his plea was to order from here to keep them delivering.  Well, there will not be a problem with that!  The Sicilian pizza is huge (still huge because there is a sh#t ton of it still left), and it was terrific!  The price was right, they were friendly on the phone,  and the delivery was really fast.  Maybe I am just lucky so far because all of the places we have tried have been really good. At this rate it could be a  while before I get to bust out a real ball buster.
I've been looking for a good pizza delivery place in the Fairmount area, and I think I finally found one!  Their whole wheat pizza was great.. and delivery was extremely fast for Sunday lunch!
Best pizza in the museum district hands down. Luigi's nyc style pizza beats little pete's, fairmount and city view pizza like they owe him money. Probably the top 2 places in philadelphia for pizza and the staff does not wish death upon you with their eyes like Lorezno's- in fact they are good people. The sauce has that bit of sweetness that this guy loves plus it is nyc thin crust which is the best kind of pizza ever. Their sicilian was very good too. My only complaint is their panini is non grilled glorified pizza dough but either way it tasted decent somehow.
Alright.  Let me just start out by saying thank you to whoever is running the show over there at Luigi's.  You are a sought after beacon of hope in an otherwise dismal pizza landscape in the Fairmount area.  When I lived in Hawaii before moving here, I remember marveling to my friends about how I would shortly be devouring the most delicious pizza known to man all across the eastern seaboard while they would be stuck with nothing except Pizza Bob's on the North Shore (although Pizza Bob can dish out a hell of a basil and bay shrimp pie).  I moved to Fairmount and was promptly brought to.... City View.  No offense to the major player of the Fairmount area that rocks two locations, but the moment I tasted it I thought about leaving Philly forever just days after I moved here.  The same for the soggy grease disc that Fairmount Pizza calls a pie.  Then, one random night, I found myself in the living room of a few Bridgid's staffers and delivery came.  It was a box full of awesome some might call a stromboli.  Upon inquiry, I was  informed of this unknown mecca that actually had good pizza in Fairmount.  That place is you, Luigi's.  And life has been good since we were first acquainted.  Your stromboli (which garnered much debate over it's dong-likeness) was huge, cheap and delicious.  There was not too much meat, dough or cheese.  Just the right amount, without the orange river that runs out of most of these low rent shitty pizza joint johns.  It all came together perfectly.  I didn't eat it that night, only salivated and watched my hosts make quick work of it.  The next day it was being delivered to my house.  
    Then, the pizza.  Jesus, it's good.  Like the stromboli, it didn't overdue the ingredients (like the golf-ball sized chunks of chicken that roll off City View's dirtbag BBQ chicken pizza).  I went simple. Classic.  Pepperoni.  perfectly crisped.  I don't even know what to say.  I housed the whole pie in about fifteen minutes.  No regrets either.  My stomach was distended, but I was in pizza heaven.  I've ordered you about 9 times in these lat few weeks.  I don't even care that I have eaten pizza so much in the last month.  Bottom line.  That shit is good!  I'd give you five stars, but I've only had two things.  Pepperoni pizza and stromboli.  I finally got a menu and will be branching off for March into new territory.  Maybe then I'll come back and hit you with the five star because you pretty much deserve it.  I'm still pretty fresh to Philly, but I'm calling it my favorite pizza here thus far.  Anyone who has another, please let me know.  The staff is super polite.  The delivery is fast.  The food....  just writing the review made me order another pie.  That should speak volumes in itself.
Finally, a palatable pizza joint in the Fairmount area. Their pizza has the golden color that pizza should have--a thousand times better than the disgusting white blob that Fairmount Pizza offers. Their sauce was good, a little sweet, a little salty, and well seasoned. The crust was a little too doughy for me, but much better than any other pizza place's in the area. You can tell that this place has a real pizza oven. The only other gripe I had was that the delivery took a little longer than it should have, but the pizza was piping hot and delicious when it got here, so I was happy.
I've ordered delivery from Luigi's once when I first moved to Philadelphia. I was impressed. We ordered one Fresca Works pizza, which was amazing. And we got a Margherita, which was good but not great because I personally like more mozzarella than it had. That's why I'm giving 4 stars. I'd definitely order from Luigi's again though.
During a busy week at work, my office decided to try out Luigi's for lunch. Since then we have ordered many, many more times. I've tried their pizza, I've tried the baked pasta, I've tried their pesto pasta (not the greatest), I've tried their salads and I've tried their sandwiches. 

Most everything is fantastic (or at least very, very, very much better than Fairmount pizza). My 'panini' lacked a key characteristic that I associate with paninis: it was not grilled, nor were any of my coworkers' orders. The bread was great, the sandwich materials decent but definitely not what I expected. A sandwich by any other name is still a sandwich. 

Their rugala salad is simple but hits the spot. And you really can't go wrong with the tub of baked ziti they provide you (talk about a meal that keeps on giving, I ate this dish for days).
Wow.  used to like this place, until their "delivery manager" called me a liar and told me that they have never delivered to my house and that they would not deliver to me now.  Mapquesting it, I am 1 mile from the restaurant, definitely not out of their range.  When I told him that I've had delivery from them at least 5 times, he said that it wasn't true and hung up on me.  I called back and told them that I would never eat there again, and since I've never received a delivery from them I should dispute all my cc charges from them.  In any case, it's a big city, with a lot of pizza, and now I'll go somewhere else.
Just ordered pizza from here and when my boyfriend went to pick it up, none of the employees were wearing masks. When he questioned the lady who swiped his card, She lied to his face and said they were wearing masks. You can clearly see the kitchen and there is no excuse for not wearing masks in the middle of a pandemic. When my boyfriend asked if he could get a refund, as we would not be eating food prepared in an unsafe manner, she refused. THIS PLACE IS TRASH AND DOES NOT DESERVE YOUR BUSINESS.
My group stopped here to eat while waiting for our time slot for Terror Behind the Walls because they give out free samples of pizza which is awesome. I tried their white slice which was great. 

Since we came all the way to Philly from North Jersey we were all seriously craving cheesesteaks. When in Rome, right? I got mine with provolone, peppers and onions. Their bread is really soft but crispy at the same time and the steak is shredded. I feel like this is the way a cheesesteak should be. It was good but dry like it needed a little extra something. I tried my friend's cheesesteak because she got mushrooms instead and hers was significantly better than mine! Not sure why exactly but it wasn't dry at all and had more steak sauce and flavor to it. Also, I tried my other friends cheesesteak because he got bacon (and no cheese) on it and his was better than mine too! Really strange. 

When we all ordered our food and sat down our two friends who ordered first got their food in like 5 minutes. Even though we ordered right after they did, our meals took about 15 minutes (we all ordered the same thing too, cheesesteaks). So, it was kind of annoying that we had to sit there salivating while our friends ate. I think the time difference might explain why my 2 friends who ordered first had much better tasting cheesesteaks. Maybe they switched chefs between sandwiches? Maybe the steak they got was the juiciest pieces that were marinating in the sauce for the longest and ours was a new batch that didn't have the chance to marinate? I don't know man, I don't know.
My girlfriends and I ordered dinner from Luigi's one weeknight last week. They ordered a portabella mushroom pizza with whole wheat crust and a salad, and I went with a grilled chicken Caesar salad with tomatoes and dressing on the side. Everything arrived as requested, with extra pieces of grilled garlic bread for everyone. 

Delivery was very fast. If I find out that they deliver to my neighborhood I'd definitely give them a try again.
I received the wrong order and Luigi's refused to redeliver or refund. They actually denied sending the wrong order! The order was placed online...
I placed an order during dinner hours on a weekday. The female that answered the phone was helpful and nice enough, since this was my first time ordering from them. She said my chicken parm and side salad would be delivered in 30-35 mins. No problem.

About 20mins later, some guy who I assume works there (he never identified himself) called me and said that they dont deliver to my neighborhood!?!? Uhmmm, this is my neighborhood. I live 9mins away driving (according to goggle maps). I've had food delivered hot from twice as far away. Since they are too good to deliver further than the three blocks that surround their restaurant, they dont have to worry about my money supporting them. I'm sure their competitors will gladly accept my money.
This is than worst restaurant I have ever been to in Philadelphia. We ordered a Philly cheesesteak special and waited for 30 minutes on a day they were not busy. Our order arrived and we happened to check our cheesesteak and there were no peppers and onions. 
We went back inside to speak to someone and the person who took our order said "It's not my fault" instead of apologizing. He then proceeded to take our cheesesteak back to the kitchen with no ETA of when our order was going to be fulfilled. 
While we were waiting another lady asked if we were being helped and we told her about our experience and that we wanted to talk to a manager. And she said he wasn't available. We asked when is he available next day and she said he was off. She was reluctant to escalate the issue to a manager, Marco, and we were visibly upset.
We left the restaurant with an impression of horrible customer service and had brought people who were visiting out of town. This was a very bad first impression for them.
I will never come back here again and I will also encourage my friends and family to avoid experiencing this potentially bad experience.
Solid pizza! Definitely one of the better pizza places in Fairmount that serves standard (not fancy) pizza. Crust is light and crunchy, not thin crust but not bready either. Sauce is nice and flavorful. There aren't a lot of great pizza places in Fairmount compared to the rest of Philly but Luigi's definitely hits the spot!
Awesome place in the neighborhood for pizza. I order here very often for lunch. They are definitely good with their pizza, especially the ones without meat. I also like their fries, which is done right. Thin, crispy, and flavorful. My friend said it's like McDonald's fries. It's better than McDonald's. The sandwiches here are not bad either. I don't however recommend pasta dishes, which are too oily and not enough flavor. Overall a good place for fast food.
I had read the reviews of the amazing pizza and thought it was just ok.  We ordered at the counter and sat down.  The food was delivered to the table in a timely manner.  Overall, it was a great place to get a quick bite to eat but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Really delicious pizza! The Calzone pizza is excellent, and we often will get meatball or pepperoni as a topping on a regular cheese pizza. 

The crust is really good. Almost always, the crust has the perfect amount of char on it. Which is something my husband and I look for in pizza crust. 

We also really like the stuffed pizzas, I highly suggest trying one. The meat lovers is our favorite, but the broccoli rabe and sausage is a close second. 

The Caesar salad and the antipasto salad are also really yummy, either one is a great addition for pizza and salad night. 

Fresh, quality ingredients, delivery is usually pretty fast, and the food is consistently very good.  I can't wait to try more pizzas and menu items!
Holy cow. Not only is the pizza very good, but the girl behind the counter is the best at customer service!
My friend and I stopped in because he wanted to grab a quick slice.  As an initial matter, my friend thought the slice was good.  With that said, I will never step foot in this place again.  The guy behind the counter was beyond unprofessional.  He was a straight up asshole.  It's one thing to have an abrupt ordering protocol (e.g. Jim's, Geno's, Lorenzo's, etc), but not making eye contact and barking "who wants something" as if your customers did something wrong by trying to order food... what a joke.

The only reason this place doesn't have one star is because apparently the food was decent.  But guess what?  There is a plethora of good pizza places in Philadelphia.  In the future, I will be getting my pizza exclusively from Fairmount Pizza (20th and Fairmount).
It's a traditional NY style pizza joint, nothing fancy, but their ingredients are top notch and the kitchen knows what it's doing. 

Margarita and Caprese pizza (as well as the plain cheese) are really really good. We just lunched at Mark Vetri's Osteria and had a very nice time, but Luigi's pizza is better at a fraction of the price.

Finally -- best chicken parm sandwich ever. Chicken is hot, crispy and juicy inside,  good cheese, good marinara, nice chewy Italian roll properly toasted. Everything we've had at Luigi's is good, but the chicken parm is really special.
I'm glad that a top-notch pizza place like Luigi's is within walking distance from me.  But I've only ordered delivery from them using the Yelp app.  They always have delivered to me before the time given.  I would definitely recommend Luigi's to friends and others.
They have a great selection of specialty pizza pies, and in addition to the Classics,they have an assortment of high-quality toppings to Create Your Own.  My personal favorite is their Spinach pie with loads of spinach, mozz and garlic... Yum, I can taste it now.
I have not yet tried their mozzarella sticks, but I hear from others that they are really good.  Their sauce is tasty so it would serve as a good pairing.  I'll have to try it out.
This place is a quick neighborhood spot. Their pies are thin and greasy, but delicious. They sell slices as well and the inside is nice with plenty of seating and flat screen TVs. A large cheese pizza is $11 and can feed about 4 people. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
pizza not good. sandwiches a little better. needs to improve if they want to succeed
I'm still on the fence. There are a lot of great things about Luigi's:

1. proximity to my house
2. delivery
3. free samples!

But the pizza is just ok. The crust is more bready and not so crunchycrispy, though the sicilian slice could be destined for greatness, if only it was in the oven a little longer. The Barbecue Chicken pizza is yummy, despite the crust, and they have a good ceasar salad. Also, a friend ordered the panino al fresco (prociutto, eggplant, goodness) and it looked awesome, but mildly unweildy. It was also HUGE, so there's two meals for the price of one right there.

Speaking of price, a slice is 1.80$. Nice.

The staff is occasionally surly but more often than not super friendly and awesome. I feel like I could love this place if only the crust were better. Sigh.
I have to say, the crust has improved significantly in the months since my original review, as has the service. AND they play awesome 90s music on the sidewalk outside, which is a lovely addition. Definitely my go-to pizza place now, lactose intolerance be damned!
The pizza is the pure grade on this place.  I want to give a 4.5 but its a tough call for a 5 star.  Luigi's is the classic nyc style thin crust pizza.  If you look towards the pizza sauce in deciding a decent slice then Luigis is for you.  It's sweet sauce that blends perfectly with the crispy cooked dough.  The place is literally at the end of my block and I eat here all the time.  Best pizza I have sampled in Philly.  Agreed with the other viewers in the fact that the slice options are always plentiful.
Wow. If I could give this place 10 stars, I would. For the third year in a row, I've ordered from Luigi's for a family party I throw. We order Chicken Parm, Eggplant Parm, Sandwiches, Wings, Peppers / Mozzarella, etc. I feed over 30 people and have TONS of leftovers for under $350. It's unbelievable. The amount of compliments I got on the food was insane - from my 85 year old grandmother to my 2 year old son, EVERYBODY LOVES THIS FOOD. I'm grateful to have these wonderful people in our neighborhood. They are kind, friendly, reliable and reasonably priced. You simply can't find this quality anywhere else. Thank you so much Luigi's!!!!!!
I live by temple university there for there are many different pizza shops around, but this is the best pizza I've ever had in Philly!!! Literally I'm so surprised I haven't heard of this place before. The service of pick up was so easy and fast. During this COVID-19 they are doing a great job of keeping everyone safe. This pizza was perfect in every way possible. From the crust to the amount and flavoring of the sauce... it was just perfect!
Fellas what's going on over there? We heart your buffalo chicken cheesesteak but recently it's been lacking in (2) important ingredients: Blue Cheese & Hot Sauce. Twice we've ordered BCCS & you've been out of Blue Cheese & our BCCS looks like it was sprinkled with Tabasco Sauce (Yuck!). 

We love you & your delish food but recently not so much. Get it together!!
Took the puppy for a walk around the museum, and decided to yelp a pizza/steak place in the area.  Saw the great ratings for this place, and it was close by (walking-wise from where we parked), so we decided to go and try it out.  Ordered two cheese steaks and fries (although i don't think the guy heard me order fries - they weren't in the bag when I left).  Took the steaks to the car and was pleasantly surprised by the boxes they put the steak in (instead of the traditional foil wrap which makes the bread soggy in my opinion).  That was great...no mess of paper all over the place.  Steak was tasty, cheese tasted like real cheese, and the bread had a fresh taste to it.  Added some ketchup for some extra flavor.  All in all it was good.  Would definitely go back and try the pizza.  Saw a couple pies come out that looked very delicious.  I think my eyes were bigger than my stomach - almost ordered both the steak and pizza!  Maybe next time!
The slice selection is pretty good, as is the pie menu. The 8" pie is a perfect size for one, if you want to wait. They have San Pellagrino Aranciata and Limonata (at $2.50 a pop!) which is a great (though expensive!) way to wash down a pie. The only thing better would be a cold one, but at least Bishops Collar is right next door. The non-pizza sides (olives... broccoli rabe, peppers... other stuff) can really round out the meal. It's the best pie/slice I've had in Philly. I know that's not saying much...
I grew up in NY and Northern NJ and then moved to Maine for 10 years.  Thank god for this place.  Its nice to have real pizza again/.  I am chowing down on their Chicken Parm pizza right now... Gotta go before it gets cold ;)
Thought I'd hit up this place while waiting for my friends to get off work.  I had been here before on a previous visit and it was pretty decent.  

This time, however, I was not a fan.  I ordered 2 slices and a small salad.  When I sat down, there were a lot of flies around the restaurant...and there wasn't a bug light.  The salad was decent but the slices had been sitting there for a while - not the best tasting pizza I've had.  Then, to make things worse, the power went out!  

All in all, I guess if you ordered a fresh pie, and took it home, you'd be ok.  Not sure if I would, simply for the bug factor.
I am moving out the Fairmount neighborhood and I am going to miss getting delivery from this place.  Luigi's margarita pizza is amazing - it is better than the margarita pizza at Steven Star's Pizzeria Stella and it is only a quarter of the price.
It's hard to believe that in all of my time living Fairmount, I've never ordered from Luigi's Pizza Fresca.  Their stuffed broccoli rabe and sausage pizza immediately made its way to our favorite's list and earned Luigis a pretty high spot on our go-to delivery list. 

The stuffed pizzas only come in large but should probably considered a double-large. As the name would suggest, the toppings are stuffed between two crusts. The top crust seemed to be dusted with garlic, oil and parmesan cheese adding an extra magic to the pie. There was a great Italian flavor with each bite. Even the broccoli rabe tasted fresh and nicely seasoned. Despite two layers of crust and a large amount of fillings, it was still manageable to pick up or cut with a knife and fork. 

Unfortunately, I didn't love the eggplant parm sandwich which I also ordered and will be deducting a star from my review. It wasn't well breaded and the eggplant was just of ok quality. The sauce, cheese bread and eggplant didn't blend together as an eggplant parmesan sandwich should. Eggplant parm sandwiches are a dime a dozen in Philly, but the stuffed pizza was so amazing and unique that I won't let the sandwich get me down. 

Between the sandwiches and pizza, we had leftovers. The pizza tasted awesome hot & fresh, but then amazing cold out of the fridge. 

We ordered through Grubhub and the delivery came within about an hour on a Friday night. The prices were also reasonable. 

Luigi's Pizza Fresca definitely left its impression on me and I can't wait to order their stuffed pizza again.
Having grown up in Georgia and lived in New Orleans and Ohio, and visited the Northeast only intermittently throughout my life, I barely have the first friggin' clue about distinguishing the various East Coast pizza styles.  But I've found that the pizza in this part of the country is dependably better than that from any other region in the U.S., whichever city in the Northeast it's from.   

Luigi's originated in South Jersey, but I have no idea what that means style-wise.  But this pizza has thinner, crisper crust with a little bit of char, a zestier and not-too-sweet tomato sauce, and quality toppings.  I'd call it very good pizza, if not the type of pizza that memories are made of.

I actually got a chicken parm sub, which came out piping hot.  The chicken was juicy and the bread was excellent, but maybe the sandwich needed a little more marinara--as a production, it came across a little dry.  Anyway, it was good eating.  

This location's main values seem to be its workmanlike, earnest, corner-shop vibe, a menu that's voluminous for a restaurant this tiny (in addition to plentiful pizza-topping choices, there's a huge variety of sandwiches, calzones, pastas, and salads), and reasonable prices.  Luigi's website says that this location has been here since only 2008, but it has the feel of a neighborhood institution.  

Extremely convenient for us tourists to both the Eastern State Penitentiary or the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Considering what Fairmount had to offer before, Luigi's is a vast improvement.  I love that they offer a great selection of slices (usually about 9-12 pies to choose from) and they'll heat them up for you (although I find they're more likely to come out lukewarm than piping hot).  As for the flavor, these are as good as any pizza I've had in Philly.  Thin crust with tasty toppings.  If you want great pizza, you'll have to go to New Haven but if you want decent pizza, Fairmount finally has a spot.
Good spot. 

1) This was the closest cheese-steak shop I found around Philadelphia Museum of Art.  
2) The cheese-steak was very large and good. 
3) Price was reasonable.
Live in fairmount and we have this pizza almost every friday. The sauce is great so we always get the margarita, so good! great service too!
Let me get the snobby, "We used to live in New Haven and they have the best pizza...ever," part of the review out of the way.

Moving on to Luigi's, they are one of our neighborhood pizza haunts within pick-up and delivery range.  The meatlovers and godfather are both stellar pies, and they do not skimp on toppings.  The only thing they do skimp on is sauce, so if you like your pizza saucy, ask for a little extra sauce.  They're pretty good about it.  I find both the bbq and the buffalo chicken pies to be dry and lacking in taste, so I recommend skipping those. The service is surprisingly friendly, and the wait times are very reasonable, even during peak dinner or sport event hours.

I'd put them at a solid 3.5 stars, but their website coupon for 15% off bumps this one up to 4 star territory.  It's probably the best pizza in Fairmount, and if you print the coupon, it's one of the most affordable too.
Luigi's is by far my favorite pizza place in Fairmount! Besides the wide variety of delicious pizza they offer I also highly regard their other menu items. 

Here is a quick run down on some of my fave's:

Pizza Pie: Godfather (Loads of prosciutto, Ricotta Cheese, tomatoes, pesto, Mozzarella & Parm
Another favorite Pie that is Veggie Only: Caprese Pizza - Fresh Mozzarella, Sliced Tomatoes, Basil, Olive Oil, S&P 

They offer a huge variety of slices. If you are in the hood & looking for a slice I recommend stopping here over any joint on Fairmount!

Salads: Grilled Chix Caesar for two (It can last you a few days!!) or the Caprese Salad (similar to the above Pizza)

Hot Subs: Chix Parm (favorite of the Manfriend) or Meatball Parm 

Steak Sandwiches: Buffalo Chix Cheese (yummy hot sauce but ask for extra blue cheese on the side!)

Me & the man typically do take out but it is also a great family place for sit down. They serve dine in guest meals on plates with silver wear that gives it a restaurant feel. Can't decide on a slice? They offer a basket of cut up slices that you can munch on while you decide (who cares that they are cold - There free!!!)

Overall place is clean, service is friendly & food is fresh & delishishness!
Im giving it an average of 3 since good food is offset by some terrible food. I would give it 5 stars for take out pizza in the fairmount neighborhood. For the rest of the food 2 to 1 stars. We have had meals like chicken parm, and spaghetti and meatballs and they are average. We just ordered a tuna hoagie, not good. One it looked like it was made at a gas station, and two the first bite I got gobs of tuna water still in the tuna. I could only stomach one more bite. My wife thought I was kidding took a bite to try it and her response was "that's disgusting".  Three bites and we trashed the whole thing. 

As they say a picture is worth a thousand words.  I would be embarrassed to sell this.
I stopped in here to grab a bite for dinner with two of my girlfriends & was pleasantly surprised by how huge the portion sizes were! 

I ordered the gustoso panini which was delicious & very fresh tasting with pesto, prosciutto, tomato, & mozzarella cheese. The panini was bigger than my face (not exaggerating) which I appreciated. The panini was around $9 which is reasonable for the size/fresh ingredients. 

They offer indoor & outdoor seating - we opted to sit outside because they're right on fairmount ave. I'd love to come back or order delivery sometime soon to try their pizza, cannolis, or gelato.
Got my usual large cheese pizza when I try a new place. Solid pizza, perfectly cooked. Will be coming back.
My previous Luigi's Pizza Fresca experience with their pizza and fries wasn't that great. But their chicken fingers were on point. So, the GF and I were in the mood for some bar bites and snacks, so decided to give them another try.  

Cheddar Jalapeno Poppers [$5.75]

The cheddar jalapeno poppers seemed homemade and were nice - the breading was crispy and a cheddar cream cheese mixture was within. The marinara was a bit weak though, without much seasoning.  

Zucchini Sticks [$6.35]

The zucchini fries were fresh and were also crisp.

Buffalo Chicken Fingers [$7.45]

The chicken fingers weren't overly breaded and were juicy. The accompanying fries weren't well seasoned, but were thin and crisp.

Grilled Portobello Panini [$7.65]
Portobello mushrooms, fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, caramelized onions 

The GF was in more of a vegetarian mood so went with the grilled portobello panini. The innards were decent - fresh mozz, roasted peppers, rich caramelized onions, and hearty mushrooms. However, the bread seemed like pizza dough and the sandwich as a whole could have been on the press a bit longer, if a press was even used.

Cheese Fries [$3.45]

I was in the mood to carbo-load, so went with some cheese fries as well. The fries were limp however and the mozzarella covering it didn't really do much to add to each bite.

Overall, Luigi's Pizza Fresca has some good bar bites. Do try their chicken fingers, zucchini fries, and jalapeno poppers, but I'd skip their panini's.
If you have been to Luigi's you already know the food is outstanding, but I am writing this for anyone that is considering using Luigi's catering for an important event. 
I really have to begin at the beginning. When my daughter moved to Philly to attend Temple she discovered Luigi's through my son, who was already living in Philly. On their first visit to Luigi's my son ordered a side of tomato sauce and said to my daughter, "Go ahead and taste this sauce." Immediately upon tasting it she teared up as the taste was so reminiscent of my Mom's tomato sauce that she had as a child before my Mom was stricken with Alzheimer's. It may have been at that moment, about three years ago, that she decided that Luigi's would be catering her wedding...that is, as soon as she found the right guy!
Shortly after her engagement last year she told me that Luigi's would be catering her wedding on June 8th; I must admit I was very concerned. This was kind of a local pizza place, could they pull this off? I reviewed their offerings and even tried a few of the items that were on both the regular and catering menu when I was in town visiting. Everything was delicious by the plate, but could they deliver the same quality for 150 people?
About two months before the wedding I figured I better call them and share my concerns so we would have ample time to determine if they could handle the job. I spoke with Marco (Luigi's brother, I think) and he assured me with the utmost confidence (and a beautiful Italian accent that brought to mind all the great male cooks in my Italian family) that I had nothing to worry about. He assured me that they would go out to scout the venue to checkout everything in advance to make sure that everything would be perfect. Okay, I thought, this is a good thing. 
I don't want to make this too long, so I will cut to the day of the event; let's suffice it to say that Marco made a couple of visits to the venue and even met with my daughter for a couple of hours to go over every detail. On the day of the event I arrived at the Stenton House about an hour and a half before dinner would be served and who did I find standing stirring sauce in a big pot on the stove but Luigi himself! This was a small kitchen stove that the staff at the Stenton House has for their personal use. He introduced himself as Luigi at which point I asked him, "Are you cooking the sauce here? I thought you were delivering everything in trays and leaving." His response, "Do you think I would trust someone else with MY FOOD?! We will be here until the end."
The appetizer, which was an incredible Carpese Salad, was already setup for the cocktail hour and everyone was already raving about the salad with fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, and many other fresh ingredients. Under the main tent where dinner would be served, along with Luigi, where three sharply dressed assistants in Luigi uniforms with Luigi dressed in a crisp white "head-chef" type shirt (think, Mario Batali on the Iron Chef). I had no idea that Luigi and these three assistants would be staying to serve and monitor all the activity that involved the food. 
Have you ever been to an event where pasta is served and the macaroni gets mushy because it has been sitting in the tomato sauce for an hour above the sterno canned heat? That is what Luigi would NOT let happen with his food. The pasta was amazing and perfectly al dente with the sauce ladled over just a few moments before it was served. I have never tasted penne pasta prepared and served for a large venue that came close to the taste and quality of that dish. The chicken cutlet parmigiana and eggplant parmigiana were also amazing. But the dish that won the night was the manicotti. It was as good (perhaps better) than any manicotti I have tasted in a fine Italian restaurant. Okay, I hope I have convinced you that the food was amazing, the service and dedication to execution was impeccable, but this is not the most important thing that I can share with you about Luigi's ability to make our event a success. It is hard to put it into words, but I will try. Luigi's dedication made us all feel like we had four additional family members at the wedding!
This is a nice little place. They even have their own bottled soda. I had the orange/valencia soda and it was actually really good. They heat up the pizza in like a micro oven though, instead of a big clay one. That threw me off a little. 

The pizza wasn't too bad. I had a slice of plain (what all pizza places should be judged on) and a slice of thin crust with pizza sauce, basil, and garlic (not sure what that is called). The thin crust was pretty good, I enjoyed it, I was sad that the Margarita was sold out. Of course a fresh pie was brought out RIGHT when I got my food.

The plain wasn't too bad. It definitely wasn't the greatest I had, but this is definitely a go to spot for me with the limited pizza places near by in the Fairmount area.
Terrible pizza....overpriced and not enough toppings for the money. I'll stick with Pete's Pizza
I'm pretty impressed with the variety of pies that can be found here. Lots of veggie options too.

The staff are very nice and in general it has a mom & pop sorta feel. Luigi's really has some delicious pizza and the outdoor seating is a bonus! 

A tad more expensive than some of the other neighborhood pizza spots but that's due to the higher quality
Your best bet when you're looking for palatable pizza in this 'hood.  Not the best I've had but definitely above par compared to most Philly pizza.  Margherita was good, the ziti pizza was better and, I'm with Ali on this one, the sicilian took the taco.  I've only had pizza here but the sandwiches and specials looked plenty appetizing.  

It's about time I can order pizza at work and not be utterly appalled.
Omg! Straight to the point. We ordered a large sausage and pepperoni pizza. The pizza crust was on the thin side which is a plus for me because who really wants all that bread? It had the right amount of sauce and ingredients. So tasty! Their pizza...perfection! Service was also great. When I take a trip back to Philly, I'll for sure make a stop here for another pie.
Luigis is the go-to for pizza in the Fairmount neighborhood. Customer service is also amazing. You have to try the White Pizza! Some of the best pizza, subs and pasta in all of Philadelphia!
When family comes to visit and I'm feeling too lazy to drive to one of the staple cheesesteak places of Philly, we usually venture over to Luigi's for a perfectly comparable experience. Their cheesesteaks are so, so, good. Usually I opt for a chicken cheesesteak when ordering from a neighborhood pizza joint, but Luigi's is one of the rare places where I will order an actual cheesesteak. They're not greasy whatsoever, and their meat is super tender. 

As someone who generally orders chicken or turkey, I wish they had more options for both. I've had their hoagies, and I would love to see the homemade turkey in the future! My favorite. They also have really good, crunchy fries that are not over-salted. Their pizza is, in my opinion, the best option in the neighborhood and I've lived here for 28 years.
I'm amazed that Luigi's has such mediocre reviews here. If you're like me, and just a plain, cheese pizza is your thing, Luigi's is top-notch. Easily one of the best in Philadelphia. People who say Luigi's is an average Philly pizza place haven't been to other pizza places -- try going across the street to "Famous Pete's" or "Pete's Famous" -- I forget which (Philadelphia has at least one place with each name). THAT is standard Philly pizza. And it is bad.

Luigi's is not as good as, say, Osteria, no, but as far as I'm concerned, for takeout/delivery pizza, only Mama Palma's is better. 

For actual Italian food, or even mozzarella sticks and fries, it's not particularly great, but that's why we have Angelino's right around the corner.
While I am normally a big fan of Luigi's my most recent orders have been a disappointment. Perhaps whoever is making the pizza's is getting lazy, but this Sunday's order was a major letdown. I opened the box and it looked like a sloppy mess. The cheese was all over (pouring over the crust) and it was only sprinkled with a few pepperoni slices. Luigi's was my neighborhood go-to pizza joint... but it would seem time to start looking for another... :( Come on boys, step up your game!
Really closer to 2 stars, but we'll go with 3 thanks to the chicken fingers and considering this was my first time here ... 

---------------

It was time to check out another Philly pizza joint. So we hopped on Seamless and decided to opt for Luigi's Pizza Fresca in the Fairmount area.

White Pizza [$14.95]
Mozzarella cheese, garlic 

We were in the mood for a white slice, so went with Luigi's standard white. Unfortunately, this was sub-standard as far as white slices go. The pie definitely needed more cheese as it was incredibly dry. I would have loved to see some dollops of ricotta as well.

The one positive was the fact that the crust was nicely crisp and the dough was well-seasoned. Hints of garlic emanated from each bite. Regardless, each bite was way too dry.

Mozzarella Sticks [$5.95]

We were feeling some mozzarella sticks and these were fairly uniform - clearly frozen. Still, sometimes mozzarella sticks hit the spot regardless of whether they're super fresh.

Chicken Fingers [$6.95]
Fries

The chicken fingers were actually really good though - crisp, meaty, and well seasoned. On the other hand, the fries were limp - 'nuff said. 

Overall, Luigi's missed the mark for me. Too many execution errors for something as simple as pizza and fries. Considering it's in the neighborhood and has decent Yelp reviews, I may give it another shot. Perhaps I should have went for a standard red slice ...
On my search for a go-to pizza place that delivers to the Art Museum area, I decided to give Luigis a shot. The buffalo chicken pizza was good but be prepared for some heat. They use lots of hot sauce. The grilled chicken they use is legit.. an upgrade from the chunks of questionable chicken I've seen recently at other places. I'd order from here again.
We stop in here all the time for mozzarella sticks (it's our pre-Fairmount-area-appointment-snack). We'd love to try their pizza sometime, we just haven't YET! But I will tell you, their mozzarella sticks are top notch. Crispy on the outside, melty and gooey on the inside. 

The service is also always great - they always have a smile for us. And it's never too crowded around 6:30, which is when we stop in, so we always have a place to sit. 

Think this place would be great for takeout pizza and salad - and don't forget the mozzarella!!
Standard Philly Italian fare. Nothing to write home about. Not great not terrible. Pizza crust is tasty and chewy, sauce accompanied cheese but nothing stood out. The bread for the Cheese steak had the perfect lightly crusted long roll. The hot peppers had zero kick.  
 
 Not much in the way of variety or options in the area. Definitley not a destination spot but not a bad option when in the area.
The worst service ever. Ordered a pizza at 605 and was supposed to be delivered by 648. At 710 called in and was told that it was in the way. 25 min later they discovered they lost the order. They offered no discount and said a new pizza was on the way and would be delivered within 20 min. 20 min later, no pizza. So 2+ hours after ordering, 4 phone calls and 2 separate orders there's no pizza in hand.
The prototypical neighborhood pizzeria, Luigi's Pizza Fresca is a reliable location for your Italian cravings.

This will be a short review as I only came in late night for a slice of pizza. Luigi's is exactly what you would anticipate from a neighborhood pizzeria - small, personable, and straightforward, serving the classic Italian staples. I can only speak for the pizza, which was very good; thin crust, good ration of sauce to cheese, and it certainly hit the spot. The prices were also very reasonable for the area. We also received upbeat pleasant service despite the late hour. 

Overall, the quality of the pizza and the cheerful late night service is more than enough enticement for frequent repeat visits in the near future.
First time I had the pizza it was great, the 2nd time was not good. They didn't cut the slices all the way through burnt crust and didn't taste near as good as my first time. I tired this place because of the reviews after normally getting pizza from a place a few blocks away. I think I will return to my original place. Especially with 2 lrg cheese pizzas costing $29 buck and not be good I'm better off getting little Caesar's hot n ready. And the wing were beyond horrible.
Luigi's was my favorite part about living in Fairmount, which is no small feat since it's such a lovely neighborhood otherwise. 

I've had almost every variety of pizza they offer and can't decide which is my favorite. My fiancé has been in the pizza industry for 10 years and agreed that it's the best he's had in Philadelphia.

In short, excellent menu, reasonable prices, prompt delivery, and delightful dine-in service.
Their Blue Pizza is probably the best pizza I've had in the city.  Their slices are great, their regular pizza is great.  Basically, their food in general is awesome and the staff is really nice.  HIGHLY recommended.
Honestly, I wasn't sure if this could compete with the pizza scene in Philly. They don't have the best ambience and I could never imagine them serving a thin crust pizza because it looks like a typical Italian pizza joint but boy was I wrong! I guess there's a reason they have a solid 4-star rating on Yelp. 

Ordered a pizza for takeout on a Sunday night, and it was ready within 40 mins of ordering, pretty impressive. It was super thin crust and delicious - very unexpected. Their pizza is humongous and I am not even kidding but one large pizza can be easily shared between 3-4 people. Or maybe because I got the meat lover's pizza? I can usually eat a whole pizza by myself at other joints like Pizzeria Vetri, Porta, Nomad's, Snap and &pizza etc but I could barely finish two slices here. Tip: they also have a gluten free version if you are into that.

I would definitely recommend if you are in the neighborhood and craving for a cheap, filling and delicious (thin-crust) pizza :)
This is the best pizza in Fairmount! When we passed this location while taking out of town coworkers on the bus tour, I wish that they would have pointed this place out.

The single slices are generously sized and reasonably priced, and the pizza has a perfect cheese to sauce ratio.

I haven't gotten anything else from here because I feel like I'd be cheating myself if I walked in the door and didn't enjoy some of their pizza :)
I ordered 6 pizzas from here for a surprise party on a Sunday and there were multiple issues with the order. I placed the order on their website a few days in advance (on a Wednesday), knowing that it was a large order, and wanting to make sure that they had enough time in advance. I wrote an email on Wednesday confirming that they received the order for Sunday. 

They delivered the pizzas on Wednesday, instead of Sunday. When I called to clarify, the person I spoke with stated that I shouldn't be ordering from the website and that they would prefer that I called. OK, that's understandable, except that there's no direction on the website stating that. Also, the order receipt says it was for delivery on Sunday. So, they ruined the surprise because I wasn't home and now my boyfriend found out that I ordered 6 pizzas for Sunday (his birthday). The person I spoke with said that he would mark down that the order should now be delivered on Sunday. 

On Friday, I called the restaurant again to confirm that they had my order for Sunday, and they didn't. I had to tell a different employee what my order was. What if I hadn't called?

Fast forward to Sunday, The pizzas arrive at the scheduled time, which is the reason they got two stars instead of one. All of the pizzas were very cold, and incredibly greasy (the crust was soaked through with oil so that just touching the crust made your hands visibly slick and oily). I'm not sure when they made them, but they were almost inedible. We threw most of the pizza away. 

Not a good experience. I won't be ordering from this restaurant again.
For starters, Luigi's has always been my go-to (Literally, hundreds of times over the years). It's solid overall! However, my experience this evening was...weird.

Upon calling to place an order, the employee said "Thank you for calling Luigis, please hold." - I HATE THAT! It's rushed and doesn't even give a person to acknowledge the welcome. Next, the employee gets back on the line and is talking a million miles a minute - what?!?!? Eh, that's nitpicking, though, but in my opinion, plays to the bigger problem:

My order was wrong...

We asked for fettuccine but instead, received penne. Again, nitpicking. In my opinion, a noodle is a noodle, but there was clearly a customer service related issue. If the employee would have slowed down to take the order correctly, there probably wouldn't have been an issue. The kicker, too, was the fact that he checked the order BEFORE handing it to me across the counter. Therefore, that leads me to believe he inputted it incorrectly.

So, I not only had the wrong noodle (Not a big deal), but the sauce - vodka sauce WITH prosciutto -  was broken AND there was not a single piece of prosciutto. It was a half oily / half gooey mess. It was disgusting, but I knew that already just by looking at it. 

I wasn't going to call and complain over a noodle, but instead, email management just so they are aware that they have a problem at one of three (Used to be four) locations. Maybe that's why location four closed? I don't know. Whatever. Also, having worked in the restaurant industry as well as being an aware patron, I've seen my fair share of "accidents" when sending food back or complaining (Read as: steak dropped on the floor or the sauce being extra "creamy"). Not worth the risk. Again: noodles (Nothing serious). 

Anyway, no email (Confirmed by calling the store). I called the store to ask how I could get in touch with management and, nope, no dice. So, instead of sending a friendly email letting them know of their issues, I'm here on a public review site trying to bring this to their attention. Not good. 

As a business owner myself, email is considered part of the basics. Oh, so is a way to get in touch with management. From now on, I will probably stay away since quality seems to be slipping, but as I started this review, the food has always been solid. Maybe I'll give them another shot in the future.

Best of luck!
Pizza is fine. Nothing special. Be sure to never get a sandwich there. They have quite possibly the worst Italian hoagie ever. It has chunks of lettuce (not shredded) and one piece of the thinest meat ever. Cheesesteaks also are very dry and lack cheese. If you are looking for pizza in Fairmont this is definitely better than Fairmont pizza and grill. But don't get hoagies.
I grew up going to the cherry hill location and now there's 2 in philly! They're the best pizza in Philly. Go here.
Well I asked for adding black olives on the pizza and they forgot to give it to me!
Other than that it's great ! You've got to try the spaghetti. They made it al dente! And the sauce was just right,not too salty too sweet or too sour! One plate is not enough !Have to go back for more!
Pizza was standard(you pretty much can't ruin pizza )unless you are really bad.
The sodas they made were good too! I tried both pineapple and orange and wasn't disappointed,they also have lemon flavored one that I haven't tried yet. 
So over all:5stars!
DONT PLACE AN ORDER FOR DELIVERY. DONT ORDER ON GRUBHUB. they will never deliver your order. They never answer the phone. When they do you get put on hold for over 10 mins and no one ever picks back up. Waited 2 hours for delivery. called many manyyyy times. When I finally got someone on the phone they said it was out for delivery but I still never received the order. Terrible customer service!
Awesome slices and other Italian goodies in the heart of Fairmount! I've had several slices there, my favorite being bacon and roasted peppers. The pizza itself is super thin and crispy, how a pizza should be. I also like to get the roast pork and broccoli rabe sandwich with provolone, awesome! Overall a great spot to stop and get a quick slice, pick up a pizza for dinner or pig out on an awesome sandwich!
