It's been over two weeks since my rockin and roll in mom and I had sushi and Machi Sushi Bar. We had a blast too. First we enjoyed volcano sushi followed by salmon dumplings , the Chirashi platter which was accompanied by a green salad. We feel like we are part of the Machi sushi bar family and we love Tim the sushi chef extraordinaire! Please see me previous review about sushi chef Tim the artists and photos below. As always everyone was very nice and the fish was very, very fresh! We love it and we'll be back next week!
Another fun, wonderful visit to Machi Sushi Bar for byob saki brunch with bestie. We started with a special app and then shared the Chirashi plus volcano roll which was a surprise add-on but still very delicious! Even though I saw bestie last night we still had a lot of catching up to do especially with trying new dishes (for her) and me at my "go to" sushi bar.

Service 6/5
There's no bottle charge and Fred (our delightful server) made sure the saki was warm and that handling the saki pitcher was safe 
Tim was the show stopper - sushi chef extraordinaire - he's always so nice while doing an excellent job! 
Peter is great too, he usually makes the avocado volcano salad but we didn't have that today. 

Chirashi 6/5
Tim and Pete built a beautiful presentation of gorgeous fish and other goodies with a tidal  wave of sushi rice, all beautifully presented, fresh and delicious! I've said delicious a lot today because everything was scrumptious!
Volcano Roll 5/5
I prefer the avocado volcano salad to the volcano roll but it was still very good- it's generous rolls of smoke salmon wrapped around cream cheese and cucumber and it went perfectly with our brunchy mood.
Both of us were so stuffed at meals-end that we forgot to order our favorite salmon egg sushi a la carte! Have a look at my photos to see the beautifully presented and generously portioned platters of sushi, sashimi and machi...
Machi Sushi is one of the few sushi restaurants that delivers during the afternoon on a weekday, so I gave it a whirl. There is a delivery minimum (but no delivery charge), and the three roll combo didn't get me there so I added on a seaweed salad. With tip, this made my lunch a little on the pricy side at $20, but it was worth it. 

The delivery arrived quickly, and the sushi rolls were pretty good and just how I requested. I had a shrimp tempura roll, a spicy tuna roll and a regular tuna roll with crunchy flakes added. There were eight small-sized pieces to each roll, and I was happy with the portion size. The seaweed salad was average if a little too oily. I had a few bites but mostly stuck to the rolls. I'll probably opt for a house salad or soup to get to that minimum next time.
Allison B and I had a delightful sushi lunch today at Machi. I had only tried them for delivery in the past, and it was apparent to me today that most of their business is of the take-out variety.  We were the only table in the small restaurant, which was just fine by us. 

The lunch special comes with either soup or salad and a two or three roll combo. I had just come from spinning class so my hungry self was all about three rolls (which I of course couldn't finish). The salads were quite large with delicious ginger dressing. My sushi rolls were very tasty and the fish was very fresh. The wasabi was delightfully strong. I'll return (or order) again!
I had a terrible first experience with Machi Sushi tonight. I ordered with friends and it took over 2 and half hours to deliver and they forgot my rolls. The fish was not very good on Sunday -- I was disappointed all around
Another five star evening with mom and yummy sushi delights at Machi Sushi bar. My mother said it was the best ever and though I agree - she says that every week so all they do at Machi is get better and better! The rainbow naruto roll with jewel toned fish wrapped in cucumber was luscious as was the Halloween roll and volcano salad! All was fantastic and Nella and the Machi sushi chefs are always so sweet- they treat you like royalty!
Last Thursday my mother and I made our weekly visit to Machi. It's always delicious and the staff treats her like a queen. We ordered Chirashi which came with a soup or salad, the volcano avocado salad and the awesome rainbow naruto roll with several fish rolled inside a cucumber. We were stuffed! Everything was fresh and delicious! We had a wonderful time and will be back next week!  price points are great and the portions are generous. And the staff is wonderful!
I got the 3 roll special for take out pretty late on a Friday night.  I didn't have to wait very long which was nice, and the rolls were really good.  Definitely liked their Alaska better than Tsuki, but Tsuki wins as far as the spicy tuna goes, as well as the size.  I thought these rolls were a lot smaller than both Vic's and Tsuki.  I'll probably be back, but it doesn't stand out to me compared to the other Sushi spots in the area.
So apparently the former Yamaki Sushi has rebranded itself as Machi Sushi? Either way, with a grand opening promotion of 15% off your entire order I wasn't going to question the change, just take advantage while I can!

We were coming back to Philly after a weekend in NYC visiting my family, and because our bus was scheduled to arrive right at the time we would be hungry for dinner I used my laptop and Bolt Bus' free wifi to place an order for pickup via Machi's handy online ordering system. We LOVE sushi, so I didn't skimp on our order and got the following:

Dynamite Appetizer (crab stick, white fish, scallop, masago, scallion, topped with seaweed salad, masago and eel sauce): We weren't sure what to expect, but were pleasantly surprised. The menu says crab meat, but really it's crab stick, and all the ingredients were mixed together in a spicy sauce to create a rather tasty appetizer.

Spicy Yellowtail roll: 8 pieces, a classic roll that they didn't f-up

Ritterhouse Roll (fresh salmon, 2 pieces of crab stick and scallion inside the roll, topped with tuna and sliced avocodo): Again, where the menu says crab meat, they really mean crab stick. They ought to edit that asap. And probably the name, too, I imagine they mean "Rittenhouse." Either way, 8 pieces of yummy sushi.

Halloween Roll (spicy scallop, avocado, crunch inside, tuna and salmon on top. served with hot chili sauce, eel sauce, red tobiko ond black tobiko): Our favorite roll - then again, we're suckers for spicy scallop, me in particular. A must order - seriously, you won't regret it.

Tropical Roll (salmon, asparagus, avocado, and fresh mango on top): Delicious as well.

Our order was ready right when we arrived to pick it up, and we were pleased with the changes they made to the interior decoration - it looks much nicer and more upscale than before, so hopefully it'll be a more popular place than I guess Yamaki was.

Overall, fish tasted fresh and the rolls were put together quite well - a pity that I'm allergic to shrimp and lobster since most of their special rolls have one of those ingredients in them *sigh* but it seems like all of their rolls have 8 pieces, which is quite generous for the regular rolls. We had alot of food (more since I made edamame at home too), but that turned out to be a good thing considering how hungry my bf was. We'll keep taking advantage of their promotional deal, but agreed that once it's over we'll mostly go to Jay's Favorite Sushi since their quality is just slightly better, their roll pieces slightly bigger, oh, and they have more special rolls that DON'T have shrimp in them.
Got 2 takeout rolls here: the sexy girl and the walnut roll.  The sexy girl was okay, kinda on-par with Sushi Palace's tiger roll.  It wasn't amazing but it was satisfying with a good balance of mango, shrimp tempura, rice, and spicy kani (not real crab!).  The walnut roll had basically every kind of sushi fish along with scallion, roe, the spicy and eel sauces, and shrimp tempura.  It was almost a flavor overload for 1 roll.  I guess if you want to cram as much as possible into 1 bite, then this is your roll.  Me?  I'll probably stick to the less complicated varieties.  The fish was pretty fresh though.  It was about $25 for both, with the 15% discount.  The special rolls are from $10-14, and the regular rolls are ~ $4-5, so the prices are fair.  I ordered online and my food was ready for pickup in less than 20 min and neatly packed with utensils and extra ginger (per request).
Machi has a great 3-roll, lunch special for $11 dollars. Just thinking about it makes me want to order it for lunch again today. Their sushi is always pretty reliable, unlike some other places in the city where you aren't quite sure if what you're getting is good and fresh... or even fish. 

The actual restaurant section for dining-in is a little small, so if it is crowded, take-out might be a better option. Though I've never had to wait long for delivery either, and I live halfway across the city. 

I am not ashamed to admit how much I love their sweet potato roll. Tasty as f***!

Also, trick for delivery, if you're just getting the 3 roll lunch special, order from Yelp, not Grubhub. The minimum delivery for Grubhub is just above the price of the lunch special, so you have to order more things, with Yelp, the 3 roll special qualifies for delivery. #lifehack.
I thought I had already found my go-to sushi spot in Rittenhouse, but they have now been trumped by Machi Sushi! Do not be deterred by the rating, which seems dragged down by takeout/ delivery issues. Three reasons why this place is awesome:

1. The specials here are the best - 3 regular rolls for $11 and 3 special rolls for $31. Bring two friends and have a party with both specials. (Or just bring one friend. Or no friends. Whatever hungry means to you. Just get the specials!)

2. There were no worries about quality or freshness at all. Everything my party of three ordered looked beautiful, tasted delicious, and was devoured happily in record time.

3. Service is super friendly! Also, their suggestions for rolls to try were spot-on.

Machi Sushi has also replaced my favorite special roll in Philadelphia with their Halloween Roll - loved, loved, loved this roll. I highly recommend it.
The maki rolls here are okay, not good or great and the reason why I gave it 2 stars is because it's basically just okay. The one bad thing is the maki rolls don't stay together. I know I bought takeout and took it home about 6 blocks away but my maki was still warm so when I picked any of the three rolls up with my chopsticks the nori wouldn't stay together.

Okay, here's the thing, I know how to make maki rolls. I won an amateur sushi contest and while that doesn't make me an expert by any means, my maki rolls have never fallen apart (thanks Madame Saito!). The rolls were not the precision rolls I've made. I can make Morimoto's "stain glass sushi," for example, so I expect any sushi restaurant I go to to be able to do the same, especially since these chefs do it for a living. Their rolls were sloppily put together like many other places I've been to. Maybe it's all the takeout orders they got, but that's no excuse.

For the price, Machi is okay. I think Vic Sushi nearby does a better job, although their rolls are smaller. I got the Futomaki, the spider roll, and a yellowtail scallion roll. The Futomaki (basically a bigger version of the California roll) was the smallest Futomaki I've ever eaten. It wasn't even 2" in diameter.  Futomaki should be a little larger than that and it should stay together. I wonder if they would make the Futomaki larger if I ate there instead of having them squish everything into a little takeout sushi plate.

The spider roll was a bit heavy on the batter. It was not a quality spider roll at all. It added $1.50 to my 3 roll platter price. I don't mind paying extra for good stuff, but this wasn't that good. The yellowtail scallion roll was what I would call "serviceable." A good chunk of fish. A little bit of scallion. Like many other sushi places, this place seems to fear making anything spicy probably to satisfy a wider range of tastes. In fact, these rolls were all very bland.

I was kind of hoping to find an inexpensive go-to sushi place, but this isn't it.
I feel like most of the places I go for sushi get 3 stars. That doesn't mean they are bad - they are fine. Just not great. That, of course, does not necessarily stop me from going there either.

This place is fine. I have been here when no one else is here and the sushi is good. I came for dinner a few weeks ago, and the service was very slow.  They were out of brown rice. The sushi took like 25 or 30 minutes (there were just 2 of us), and when we got it one of our rolls was incorrect. At that point, we just ate it. 

The fish in the sushi is good. The people that work there are nice. But my sushi, whether it be dine in or take out, brown rice or white rice  ALWAYS FALLS APART. That really drives me crazy. If it's going to take 30 minutes, then take 33 minutes and make sure that they are rolled properly so that it doesn't totally fall apart in my soy sauce. (I couldn't do a better job, don't get me wrong - however, this is a sushi place, and this is what they do.)

I will most certainly be back at some point, but it just won't be my first choice anymore.
Tiny sushi bar serves ok sushi at reasonable prices.

1. Angry dragon roll is tasty. Shrimp tempura adds a nice texture to the roll, but the batter is not light and crisp the way tempura should be.  Still tastes fine, but just not executed quite right (as tempura).  

2. Spicy tuna roll : disappointing.  Not much fish in there, tastes mainly like the spicy mayo sauce.  Roll seemed to collapse a bit as there wasn't much in there.  Wouldn't want this again.

3.  Alaska salmon/avocado roll is solid.  Nothing special, but good.

4. Yellowtail/scallion roll doesn't taste like much.  I wouldn't bother getting this again either.

Rolls seem generally thin on fish, which was not the freshest sushi fish I've had, but not bad either.  It's ok.

Not bad if you're in the area & just need some food.  There's a 3 roll special for $10.95.
Noooope. 

I was a frequent customer of Machi for their $7.95/2 roll special until this Wednesday. 

You know that awful crunch sound your teeth make when you bite into something inedible? A grain of sand, a piece of glass, a...rock. That's the noise I heard coming from Jaime's mouth after biting into her spicy tuna roll. 

My tuna cucumber roll was gray in color. I ate two bites and left the rest (after waiting for another roll, as the server originally brought me the wrong one).

The salad was unnaturally cold and the cucumber was soggy. Tomato was, well, refrigerated. You know what that's like.
Although I hate to see a restaurant go out of business (shout out to Yamaki), its replacement in the form of Machi Sushi is hugely welcomed.  Although the space is still tiny, the layout of the restaurant has improved and seating seems more intimate and less sterile than before.  The loud purple lighting is also a stark change, but even though it is shocking at first, the bright glow actually makes sense if you start to think of sushi bars as part sushi, part bar.  

I've only ordered takeout of this place a couple times, so I can't speak to the dine-in experience.  The first few weeks (months?) offered a 15% discount, so I couldn't resist.  The 3-roll special is standard size rolls that aren't too impressive, though they do offer the spider roll as part of the deal.  This is unprecedented stuff.  Their special rolls are delicious and are beautifully made.  But what I was really impressed by was their sashimi.  Unlike maki and even nigri, there is nowhere to hide with sashimi.  It better be fresh or you're getting a mouthful of "hmm, that tastes funny."  Rest assured, their fish is super fresh.  The yellowtail was phenomenal, the salmon was buttery, and the white tuna just melted in your mouth.  

I only have two complaint about ordering out: the lack of transparency as to the time for pick-up (it took about 40 min the first time, 15 min the second time), and the less than perfect attention to detail (they may get one of your rolls wrong unknown to you until you get home).  No biggie though, they'll figure out.  The crew seems young and energetic and I'm keeping my fingers crossed for the new replacement.
Solid sushi spot for a quick pick up lunch!

I was craving sushi the other day and had heard this place has great lunch deals. I stopped by and ordered 2 basic rolls (salmon avocado and spicy tuna) for $8 plus a side of seaweed salad. My order came out pretty quickly. The sushi was fresh, seaweed salad was delicious! Honestly, I would probably check out another place for a sit down, specialty roll dinner, but this is a great, affordable spot to cure a craving!
Pretty awesome options for sushi. Basic rolls can come in a special of two or three for a pretty good price, and if you want some a la carte choices, they have crazy combos that I thoroughly enjoyed. All of the appetizers looked amazing, but I settled on tuna balls which were pretty big and filled with other fish and great flavor. The white tuna and scallion was good, as well as the rolls with mango, coconut, and salmon. Only the plain white tuna roll was a little boring, but tasted great with soy sauce and wasabi. All in all, looked good, huge rolls when you buy the specialty items, and the fish is fresh, obviously not cold or tough, and the prices were right.

Only problem for me was that the simple sushi (white tuna, salmon) were pretty tiny. All the others were plump, and the special rolls were hefty. I mostly judge sushi on its fish quality and taste, and for me, it was the freshness and the creativity of rolls that make me want to come back!
This place is a "hole in the wall" Sushi bar. Literally, it can only accommodate about 8 or so people at a time! It does deliver though so that makes up for it. 


PROS: 
-It has deals that are like 3 simple rolls for $13 
-or 3 fancy rolls for $31. 
-BYOB
-The staff is super friendly and very hospitable. Husband spilled his soup once and they were happy to help and worried if he was burned or okay from the "accident". 
-The prices can be what you make of it. Either you can stay simple and still have a wonderful meal under $20 a person or splurge and go around $35 a person. 
-My favorite rolls are the dragon rolls and it's variations as well as the simple eel and avocado roll! 
-Miso soup here is also very delicious. 


Cons: 
-Wish he seated more people. Went in with a crew of 6 once and it got crowded a little.
I think this place is great! Quick delivery and fish has always tasted fresh. Love their three roll combo.
Nice place for a casual unassuming sushi lunch or dinner. Like the other small sushi joints in the area, they offer a great deal with the 3-roll special. Even the spider roll is included, which I haven't seen offered anywhere else. There is also a long list of creative specialty rolls. I tried the Lovely Couple because I really like seared tuna, but I watched the chef make it and instead of slicing up a seared tuna steak, he took a blow torch to the whole thing, which I thought just compromised the texture of the tuna on the outside. My friend had the sexy girl roll and she loved it. The rest of the sushi was decent, not great. The proportion of fish to rice was perfect, but the fish itself wasn't particularly flavorful. 

When I came on a Sunday night to eat-in with 3 other friends, the staff was awkwardly quiet and stand-offish throughout our whole time there. The soap dispenser in the bathroom was empty and when I asked if they had any more soap, one of the waitresses just stared at me as if I had just said something in a different language. Next time I have a sushi craving I'll probably just try ordering take-out.
DO NOT ORDER TAKEOUT HERE!

I was very disappointed in this place recently.  I placed an order through Grubhub this week and a lady from the restaurant called me to inform me that it would take 2 hours for my food to get to me, which I was fine with.  She then calls me back and says that her manager did not want the driver to drive to my address and that I was to call Grubhub to get my refund.  WTH?!

If you don't want to deliver to my address then don't use grubhub!  It was a true inconvenience for me that night. 

Thanks, Machi!  Way to be professional and trust worthy to your customers.
meh. sushi wasnt great.
ambiance was clever and the staff were friendly but when it comes down to it, I'm not there for any of that.
House Salad. Good standard ginger dressing...

Halloween Roll (pic uploaded) - my favorite roll - had a nice kick to it. red and black so visually different and appealing. 

X'mas Roll (pic uploaded) - little different.  i've never ordered a roll with pink wrap but i liked it.  i asked for a side of siracha because i felt it needed a little kick.  i don't think everyone would agree with me on that. since the special mayo and honey wasabi sauces were really good as well.

Tropical Roll (pic uploaded) - standard roll with quality mango. 

Sexy Girl Roll (pic uploaded) - it's just fun to say/order.  i liked this roll and the sauces drizzled on top were great too.  the crab meat salad mix on the inside was high quality i felt. 

Tip for restaurant - did you mean Ritterhouse or Rittenhouse?

Next time I'm going to try the the Tuna Dumplings I'm a HUGE Vic's fan so I'm curious on what Machi Sushi has going on here.

Also I'd like to know more about the Dynamite Appetizer and the Mango Lobster TarTar. 

Place is small and best for take out or lunch.  Staff was super friendly.
Machi is the place I return to again and again for takeout sushi.  The fish is fresh, the presentation is lovely, the staff is super friendly, and their three regular roll special makes both my stomach and wallet quite happy.  A sushi review without a haiku--never!!

Wrapped and rolled goodness
Bathed in soy sauce, wasabi
Chopsticks or fingers
The worst possible thing for a sushi bar to have is unfresh fish - and that is exactly what we were delivered.

Timing: 
With the order placed at 6pm, the food didn't arrive until 7:20 - 40 minutes past the advertised 6:40PM time. My thought - as long as the food is good, I don't mind waiting  a little longer.

Sushi:
Altogether, we ordered the eel & avocado, salmon, white tuna, salmon & avocado, pepper tuna and the futomaki rolls. 

Strike #1: The rolls are advertised as 8 pieces each - three of the rolls only had 6 pieces. 
Strike #2: First bite into the eel & avocado, the eel was mushy and not fresh, with the rice hard and stale. The avocado had a bitter taste as well. 
Strike #3: The salmon tasted a bit fishy and seemed not fresh. 
Strike #4: My white tuna had such a horrible and fishy taste to it that I threw the rest out. 

I am so disappointed as it was supposed to be a nice study break and tasty treat. Instead, I am spending my night making lots of trips to the bathroom right before my final. The pictures looked so great on Yelp - especially the plates in the restaurant. Too bad I will never again frequent this restaurant to save my stomach.
I'm not a big sushi person, so I am not sure how much my opinion manners.  I got the shrimp tempura and the spider roll.  Both were really good.  I prefer the shrimp over the spider roll.  My boyfriend got the yellowfish and the spicy salmon.  He enjoys sushi way more than I do.  He thought the yellowfish and the salmon was great.  Their 3 rolls for $10 deal is great and definitely worth it.  Free delivery, can't beat that.  

We usually order from Miso on 40th St.  In my opinion, and my boyfriend's, they are hit or miss.  

I'll be ordering from here again.
Me and my friends came here for dinner. This place is so reasonably priced! I came here around 7 PM to get dinner, we were the only customers. However you can tell all the people working at Machi are busy preparing for the delivery order. This seems like a popular sushi place for delivery. There were only two tables for seating and four seats for bar seating. Small place but I'm a fan!!
I ordered the spicy tuna roll and the fried sweet potato roll, these are my go to rolls. They have really good deals 2 rolls for $8.50 and 3 rolls for $12.50. My friends they got the fancy rolls and they were all so good. We finished them in a matter of 10 minutes. After sushi, of course we checked in on Yelp since we purchased $25+, and we received the free cheesecake (shown in pic). We all left with happy stomachs :) I will definitely come back again when I visit philly the next time.
I haven't been here in person; I only order delivery, but I order pretty often.  I think the sushi's an easy 5.  I definitely prefer it over the other sushi I've had delivered around University City.  Small portions for normal people, probably; exactly the right portion size for me.  I love the spring rolls, and the veggie gyoza were decent.  The salad wasn't anything to shout about, and some of the lettuce looked pretty wilted.  They forgot my spicy sauce last time, but otherwise, service is always timely and professional.
I came here with two friends on a Saturday night. We tried going to other restaurants, but they were all packed. Surprisingly, there was no one in this restaurant, so we decided to stop in. The interior was tiny, but cute. The service was friendly, but inattentive. She seemed more worried about takeout orders than our table. The food was average at best. Nothing special, except for their cheap prices. I probably won't be coming back unless I'm stuck with nowhere to go.
My new go-to for take out.  They currently have 15% off all orders and an easy to navigate online page where you can place your order for pick up or delivery.  The prices are reasonable and the sushi is always good!
I like this place for the freshness and flavor of the raw fish and the price. Not the best sushi I have ever had, but the best I have found in the area west of Rittenhouse where I live. Take out always best option even before pandemic as it is a tiny place. 
Also, they treat my gluten free needs with respect and knowledge
Really great sushi spot and easy to overlook walking by. I have eaten here a handful of times and have not been disappointed. Machi is fast for lunch (eating in) and has great lunch specials.  Also if you are a specialty roll lover like me- you certainly can not beat their deal for specialty rolls- 3 for $32.00. Sign me up. 

Lunch delivery took a big longer than I would have liked but just something to consider if you're especially hungry. 

Don't forget - its also BYOB so grab the wine!
Hidden gem - reasonably priced sushi that's always fresh and ready fast! 

Try the 3 rolls for $12.95 deal - can't be beat!
Nothing was necessarily bad...but nothing was actually good either. Overall, I found all of the sushi to be pretty bland and lacking any real flavor.

We ordered on Friday night and ordered 2 of the 3 roll specials (Shrimp Tempura Roll, Philadelphia, Spider Roll and Yellow-tail-Scallion Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll and Futomaki Roll) as well we also ordered a Rainbow Roll.

The Scallion's overpowered the Yellow tail in the YellowTail-Scallion Roll, the Cream Cheese overpowered the salmon in the Philadelphia roll. The Shrimp Tempura & Spider roll's were ok- mainly due to the deep fried aspect to add an element of the crispiness to it.

Within the 3 containers the sushi came in, only one had any Soy Sauce in it- seemed a little weak for the amount of sushi which we ordered. As well, no ginger was included in any of the containers. Lastly, the Wasabi seemed to be very bland. I dont tend to like a lot of heat, but kept having to add some to get any element of flavor for it. 

Considering how many sushi spots are in the city, I will probably take my business elsewhere, despite the value in the 3 roll special for $10.95- guess you get what you pay for with it.
Enjoyed my delivery experience from Machi! thinking about making "Machi Mondays" a thing. 
Overall I found the quality of the rolls to be very good for the price. Pro Tip- order a plain salmon roll or plain tuna roll; it seems like you get more fish with that and less rice, which I like! The three roll combo is the way to go; I also tried the spicy salmon and was pleased with it. The priority with sushi should be freshness at a reasonable price, and with the speedy delivery, I would definitely try this place again.
Love machi! I order all the time! Delivery or dining in both are bomb!
I ordered Machi for delivery tonight - the rolls were ok (the three roll special is a good deal even if the pieces are small) but I had some serious issues with the service. When the delivery driver showed up he handed me my food and asked me if he could have "one more dollar" for his tip (on top of the 15% I already put on my card). I've never had anyone outright ask me for cash and was a little appalled. I gave him a dollar anyway, then when I went inside and opened the bag, it turned out that the green salad I had ordered was missing. 

Delivery drivers that ask for cash and half my order missing? I won't be ordering from here again.
I've been trying out the various sushi places in the area, and was pleasantly surprised by my first visit to Machi. They have a great 3-roll special and did not skimp on the fish. All of the ingredients were fresh. 

The place is small, but clean (about the same size as Vic's Sushi, but cleaner looking). 

FYI, I was a little bit nervous after I put my order in because I started reading the more recent negative reviews, but really glad I gave it a chance.
This place used to be Yamaki. It's by far my favorite of all the 3 roll special deals in Philly. The rolls are large and flavorful. The shrimp tempura roll is AMAZING.  The inside is adorable too, with lots of pretty lighting. This place is tiny but perfect for date night or take out.
I put my order through via Grubhub. About an hour and a half after I put in my order, I called in to double check to make sure that they have received my order. The answer I got was "yes, the driver is on his way". From there I waited for another 45 minutes before I made another call. The person asked for the same information again and said the driver would be there in 15 minutes. Another 30 minutes passed by and still did not hear anything from Machi so I had to call again. It took a total of 3 HOURS for them to get my order to me - and I live only 15 minutes away.

Perhaps it's a great restaurant, but if you want to order delivery? forget about it.
Not sure that some of the really poor ratings of this restaurant are fair. You pay for what you get. So, when I was ordering the 3 roll special for $11, I wasn't expecting Morimoto quality sushi. In any case, the 3 regular rolls make for a filling lunch or dinner. I got them along with the seaweed salad and sushi pizza. The sushi pizza wasn't worth it. I believe that it had a tortilla chip base and was pretty small.

I had no worries about freshness and cannot comment on takeout. I usually pick up my order here about 5 min after walking into the restaurant. Seating is limited as the restaurant is small. I would recommend walk-in takeout. Service is super friendly.

I would come here when Vic's Sushi Bar is closed. I think Vic's may be slightly better in terms of having more fish in the rolls versus rice.
Our go-to casual sushi takeout spot in Center City. Much better than Vic in my opinion, since those two are the ones we usually have to choose between in our area. 

It's casual takeout sushi, not fancy morimoto omakase. Think five guys or shake shack of sushi. Usually end up getting the three roll special, which was a much better deal before they started charging extra for the spider roll. 

They occasionally lose our order, but they've probably messed that up maybe twice in about fifty orders. When they do, they put in extra effort to get your order ready in five minutes.

Glad it's in the neighborhood.
HIGHLY ADVISE TO STAY AWAY

I ordered takeout from Machi 3 weeks ago and sat at the bar while the sushi was being made.  While I was sitting, one sushi chef went to the back and I heard a strange noise.  I didn't know what it was, but the next time he went to the back I could clearly tell that he was THROWING UP!

I asked the chef if he was feeling ok, and he said he feels fine.  I then told the manager that I was not going to eat the sushi because the chef was throwing up while he was making the food.
The manager confirmed with the chef that the chef indeed was sick, and the manager said that they would make the sushi again.

The manager seemed upset that I was not going to eat the sushi they made, had the sick chef continue to work.  I walked out and will never eat here again - I'd recommend you do the same.
This sushi is amazing! Really enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching them make their sushi
I liked this place! Ordered on grubhub at about 9:30 pm and they close at 10. I got the three roll special- Spicy Tuna, Eel Avocado, and Alaskan Roll. Plus a side salad and a Yellowtail Scallion Roll. What can I say, I love sushi.

They came quickly and the salad was big with lots of dressing on the side.

My only complaint is that there was no cucumber in my spicy tuna or alaskan roll. maybe they were out?  The tempura flakes in the spicy tuna made up for it though.

So is this the same owner as Yamaki? I loved that place too.
Whenever I have a crazy for sushi, I always order for delivery from here. I found out about this place from a friend and ordered sushi, because it's rare finding a sushi place that delivers in the Drexel/UPenn area.

I love their avocado salad, and I usually always get the 3 roll combination since it's cheaper, where you can get 3 rolls for only $12. I usually always get shrimp tempura, avocado roll, and futomaki. I definitely recommend this place.
3 large rolls of sushi for $13?!? Can't beat that! 

Great cheap place to go with a few friends for a good time. BYO.
Can't say I can review their sushi, as it never arrived! 

Ordered from GrubHub, and received the "your order will arrive in 30 minutes message." An hour later, no sushi. Called grubhub, who contacted the restaurant and confirmed the driver had left 10 minutes ago. Yet no sushi arrived. 

If this was a review for GrubHub, they'd get 5 stars for excellent customer service (refunded and gave me credit). But as for the Machi Sushi... Their undelivered sushi gets 1 star.
The prices are hard to beat and the 3 roll special was enticing. That said, when I ordered delivery, it took a little under an hour and a half to arrive (I got a text saying that my delivery time had been pushed back), and the sushi did not look professionally done. There was a fish bone in my salmon and avocado roll, and some pieces had nearly all avocado and no fish, and some were the opposite. The rice was also sparsely pressed on in parts and flaked off of the nori as I was picking the pieces up. 
I'm pretty disappointed with the presentation. The quality of the fish was not bad, but the bone in the roll really ruined the experience for me. I really wish this had been a better experience because Machi is one of the few sushi places on Grubhub that is closer to my price bracket.
I was very sad to see Yamaki go (and without warning!) because the staff was so nice, but it was easy to transition to Machi as my go-to neighborhood sushi joint. You really can't beat the three-roll special for $10, which includes the spider roll. Another plus is my order is always ready in 10 minutes. The new decor is a plus as well, but it's pretty small for dine-in.
Delicious. 

Used the 15% off code on the website and got delivery. They have a great deal where you can get three rolls for about 10 bucks... and the Sexy Girl specialty roll was so delicious, I'm afraid I won't ever get to try a new one.
first impressions: this place is TINY. neatly and thoughtfully decorated. as we sat, more people came to fill the remaining seats for dinner, so this place must be good.

excellent sweet potato roll, fresh salmon, avocado, and no complaints about the eel (although it was my first time trying it, so i'm no expert). give this place a try!
I placed an order for delivery at Machi at around 7PM. I called the restaurant at 830PM to find out where my food was. The woman who answered the phone said they just got the order (despite having ordered 90 minutes prior) and that they would make it soon. I spoke to the manager who was not very nice and said there was nothing he could do that the food would come shortly. At 9:20PM the food arrived. Not only was the sushi disgusting and old, but they forgot half the order. I called the restaurant again to demand my money back and for them to deliver the rest of the food. First, the manager said they ran out of fish (he was ok charging me for it though) and then went on to say the remaining food would be delivered right away. About an  45 minutes later, the rest of the order arrived (I guess fish appeared magically in his restaurant to complete the order). Overall a terrible experience and not worth waiting 3 hours for. I hope this was a product of it being Sunday night and not having fresh fish, but I would not recommend ordering from this restaurant unless you have 3 hours to spare and looking for some sub-par sushi.

I hope the chef would not feed what he sent us to his own children.
This tiny restaurant features delicious specials and the typical $11/3roll specials similar to the rest of the Rittenhouse Square sushi bars. The service is excellent and they allow byob at no additional charge. Sushi is fresh and very creatively presented. Not all of the dishes are low cal, but all of them are delicious!
Hard pass here. Crazy small sushi pieces-like ridiculously small. There was barely any filling! My avocado roll was essentially brown, sweet potato roll was basically just tempura with no potato and drenched in eel sauce so all the pieces were weirdly wet and just tasted like the sauce, and the ginger was super off putting (looked and tasted old). Definitely will not be ordering from here again! Sorry Machi!
I absolutely need to give this place a buncha LOVE!  

Pro Highlights: delicious sushi on the cheap; the 3-roll special; super sweet staff; to-go (I'm-too-full-to-finish-all-my-sushi/edamame) packaging; anything with their tempura shrimp in it (*drools a lil*..mmm :)

If-I-Have-To-Find-Fault-In-Something Cons: this is really minimal (really), but it was a little warm in there (it was mid-April, and definitely more comfy outside than in).  Also, hearing the microwave *ding* was clearly how a soup or edamame was heated up - everything was delicious & I totally don't really care - but maybe kill the sound on the microwave to keep it on the DL..shhh..

Details:  
So this place used to be 'Yamaki Sushi' which was 'meh' on atmosphere, but the staff was nice, the service was quick (for a take-out lunch), and their food was tasty, so it was fine in my book.  The Tempura Shrimp roll was utter 'crack' to me..I'd have dreams about it and (even if I was in the midst of low-carb-diet-stoopidness) would need to break down and get that for lunch.  Everything Pro has maintained in Machi Sushi!

But WOW!..What a nice surprise!..I was bringing a few friends to what I thought was going to be the 'meh' atmosphere Yamaki Sushi for a bite to eat before we saw a show, walked up and saw the new sign and decor - again, WOW!..it looked beautiful - new stylish decor, seating, layout (it's small, but has a pleasant comfortableness).

There were 4 of us, we all got different rolls (the 3-roll special is just the most wonderful idea - cheers for this offering) & sides, and everything had a picturesque presentation, the server was so so sweet, wrangled our bottles of wine, and kept our table clear of those in-the-way empty dishes, but wasn't clingy & *ahem* "overly-helpful" even though we were the only ones in there at the time.

I got two of my three rolls as the shrimp tempura roll..would it be silly to get all three as shrimp tempura?..nah, I think not - it's that delicious.  To have a brief shrimp-tempura-moment, Machi doesn't leave all the un-edible shrimp bits that are a pain in the arse to eat and/or dig out of your mouth & teeth. No crunchy shrimp tail garbage, no weird, awkwardly large pices to eat that are.."decorative"..just tasty shrimpy shrimp & rice &..was that cucumber?..I dunno..I was focused on shrimp. Yum!

We were served at a good pace, and because you can actually get full on the 3-roll deal (especially if you have a side or two), me and the boyfriend had left-overs, which the super sweet server packed up with such care, it really made an impression.  You know how a left-overs take-out bag is usually just 'stuff' tossed in containers randomly?..well ours was packed with care, included chopsticks, extra ginger & a small container of soy sauce - well schucks! That probably cost a few extra pennies, but was really nice & a definite extra reason why I absolutely (& have) recommend this place!  

Go here, eat, smile, and support this lovely establishment!
I ordered sushi here on Grubhub Sunday night.  My first complaint is that it took over an hour and 15 minutes for my order to arrive.  Even after I called the restaurant just to double check that they had received my order and was assured that the driver was on his way, I waited about 20 more minutes.

By this point I was starving and very excited for my food, and it was only ok.  A bunch of the rolls had started to fall apart (it looked like the container had been tipped on its side at some point).  The spicy tuna had a little fish and a lot of spicy mayo.  Nothing was terrible, just underwhelming, although their prices are very reasonable.

I'd be willing to try it again to see if this time was a fluke, but probably NOT delivery.
CHEAP. This is pretty much all you would want to hear when it comes to sushi. 
The special rolls are more around $9-10 but the three roll special is just divine!
For $10.95, you get 3 rolls, 8 pieces per roll, so 24 pieces of sushi for $10.95. That is a winner for me.

I ordered the following:
INARI ROLL (FRIED TOFU ROLL) - Not the best but pretty yummy for the price.

FRIED SWEET POTATO ROLL -- Can get this again and again and again and again....

PHILADELPHIA ROLL -- I get this at every sushi place I go to. There's was pretty good.

NIJI ROll - This was the winner. So amazing. Tuna deep fried with Machi sauce which was easily the best sushi roll I've ever had. Mesmerized by this roll.

Avoid the mochi (desert). Ehhhh.

Yes, the service is slow, but there is only one waiter. Poor management decision. Even just one additional waiter would probably curb the issue.
This is pretty much the most terrible sushi place ever. We ordered delivery online. The delivery guy gave us the wrong order. We called back telling them we got the wrong order and you could barely understand the guy. I'm Asian and I even had a hard time understanding what the man was saying. He told us the delivery man would be back. About 15 minutes later the guy never came so we called again. I then proceeded for another 5 minutes to explain the entire thing all over again to the same guy. He then put me on hold for a few minutes, and a new guy answered the phone. I explained everything to him and he refused to fix our order and then he hung up on me!!!! Absolutely garbage customer service.

To top it off, we decided to eat whatever was delivered - since they clearly weren't going to fix it - and the food is terrible. The sushi and miso soup is extremely bland. They didn't even have the decency to include soy sauce.

I will never eat food from this place again and encourage everyone to stop eating there too. There are way too many nice sushi places in Philly with great customer service that deserves your hard earned money.
This is pretty lousy sushi. The rolls hardly had any fish in them and nothing tasted particularly fresh or tasty. We also had to wait 65 minutes for delivery. Save your money and go anywhere else. Ps. When they say crab they mean surimi.
Machi has some really good sushi.  Not the best but still very good.  Between their specials and excellent service, I rarely go anywhere else.  They also deliver crazy fast and we live in point breeze!
I always order takeout from here and the sushi is above average and mostly fresh. I am a little disappointed though as I feel like the quality of the sushi had gone down in the past 2 years while prices have gone up. 

I always order the 3 roll combo and I like to get the eel cucumber, spicy tuna or salmon and salmon or tuna avocado rolls. I'm never disappointed by these three although there have been once or twice where the eel used was not very fresh and mostly fat. I ordered a chefs special roll once, the Rittenhouse roll and I was really disappointed by the freshness, the amount of meat and the size of the roll. I would not recommend ordering it.  

Overall, I would recommend this place for their 3 roll combo and for quick and cheaper sushi.
This is my go-to sushi place.  3 roll special is inexpensive and the rolls are very good.  For the specialty rolls, the Walnut roll is fantastic.

The place is very small, but the staff is courteous and goes out of their way to accommodate.  Delivery is always on time.
My go to take out sushi spot. Very reasonably priced and good sushi. Pick up is super easy, especially during the pandemic now. They have a table you pick up food from so you limit interaction. Staff is always nice inside!
I've gotten their delivery with Grubhub a couple times and they've always been on time, which is extra important. It's hard not to compare this place to Vic's since they're only a couple of blocks away from each other. The 3 roll special is good, their crabmeat roll was extremely underwhelming. Avoid that roll! I believe in terms of Tuna Dumplings, this is better than Vic's. This has real crabmeat, tempura flakes, red and black tobiko, topped with spicy mayo. Delicious!!! I think their prices are a little bit higher than Vic's, but generally this place is churning out good stuff.
We had a fantastic dinner at Machi Sushi. We made a reservation the night before (I even called twice) and we arrived and they didn't seem to have any record of it. Luckily there was room at the sushi bar. We had a Groupon and ordered the edamame (choice of edamame or miso soups), which they were out of. They allowed us to order 2 house salads instead, which was great. We ordered the Halloween roll, the Fuji roll, and a spicy tuna roll. The Halloween roll was fantastic. The Fuji roll was good, but a little light on the eel. The spicy tuna roll was disappointing. After we finished, the sushi chef offered us complimentary spicy yellowtail rolls, which were delicious. The server and sushi chefs were extremely friendly and the fish was fresh. Keep in mind it's a REALLY small restaurant, so probably an even better bet for take-out!
Catering to the GF's cravings for sushi, we decided to give Machi Sushi Bar a chance on a random weekend night. So we hopped on GrubHub and ordered the usual.

House Salad [$2.50]

As part of the sushi/sashimi combo, a house salad was included. Machi Sushi Bar's iteration came with the typical ginger dressing. But the field greens featured offered an atypical twist from the usual Romaine lettuce. Fresh cucumbers rounded out this salad. 

Vegetable Tempura [$6]

Surprisingly, the veggie tempura survived the hazards of delivery and was crisply fried. It was not soggy at all. A sweet, yet tart ponzu sauce accompanied crispy onion rings, sweet potato with some bite, and fresh asparagus and broccoli. Delicious.

California Roll [$5]
Crab stick, avocado, cucumber

The avocado was creamy, the cucumber was crisp, and the imitation crab was ... well, imitation. Unfortunately, the rice at Machi Sushi Bar was subpar. Anyone who has ever seen Jiro Dreams of Sushi knows that the rice is just as important as the quality of the fish. In fact, it takes years to perfect sushi rice. While my expectations were not that lofty, I did not expect such large grain rice. The rice also lacked any seasoning and there was no vinegar to be had. Perhaps worst of all, the rice was essentially cold and in turn, completely overwhelmed the fish in the upcoming rolls and nigiri. 

Tuna and Salmon Combo [$16]
Tuna roll, salmon roll, tuna nigiri, salmon nigiri 

Tuna Roll  

Maguro was decent, but could barely be deciphered through the glut of cold rice.

Salmon Roll

The salmon's fattiness actually managed to come through the rice however.

Tuna Nigiri 

Maguro here was nice, once I took it off the rice underneath. With a slight dab of soy, it was clear that at least the fish was fresh.

Salmon Nigiri 

The same was the case for the salmon, which was prototypically creamy.

Yellowtail Scallion Roll [$4.50]

The bite of the scallion contrasted nicely with the clean, meatiness of the yellowtail.

Philadelphia Roll [$5]
Smoked salmon, cucumber, cream cheese

The cream cheese in the Philly roll managed to meld the rice together with the fattiness of the salmon and offered a nice bite. 

Sweet Potato Roll [$3.50]

The GF's favorite roll offered more crunch than sweet potato, but was a nice bite that was complemented nicely by the sweetness of the eel sauce. 

Dynamite Roll [$10]
Deep fried, tuna, salmon, yellowtail, white tuna, crunch, scallion, tobiko, spicy sauce, eel sauce, wasabi mayo, masago, scallion

The majority of sushi joints in Philly are non-omakase and as such, Machi Sushi Bar offers a variety of Americanized rolls with copious amounts of mayo. And that's perfectly fine in my book. While some may consider it blasphemy, I enjoy both styles of sushi. The dynamite roll was crispy and offered a nicely spicy mayo. The deep frying of this roll allowed the melange of sushi to be cooked, thereby muddling the flavors a bit. However, the tobiko and masago roe helped to bring out some nice briny flavors. 

I'm hoping that this was an off-night for Machi Sushi Bar's rice quality. I'm perfectly willing to give it another chance considering they offer a 3-roll special for $11.95 and take 10% off orders that are over $50 (which this obviously was). Delivery via Grubhub is quick as well, so Machi Sushi Bar can't be faulted there.
I ordered a Sexy Girl Roll and had it delivered. It was excellent! I would even say it was the best sushi I have had in Philly so far. The only reason they did not get that 5th star was because I asked for a side of Eel Sauce and Spicy Mayo, and never got it. :( I plan on ordering again soon, so if I receive it next time, I will update!

UPDATE:
I got the Butterfly Roll and Mango Lobster Tar Tar. I loved them! The Butterfly Roll was SOOO good! They sent me the Eel Sauce and Spicy Mayo this time too!! The Mango Lobster Tar Tar was very good as well, the consistency wasn't for me though. It wasn't anything that Machi did wrong, I just don't think Tar Tar is my thing. This is my new go to Sushi Place.
Made lazy by the heat and lured by a 10% discount for first-time online orders on BeyondMenu, I order a sampling from Machi Sushi. While the Gyoza were good with thin dough and a tasty filling, the sushi was disappointingly small, stingy on the fish, and did not seem that fresh.
I had to remove all of the cucumber from my roll as it was bland and water-y - definitely tasted like it had been sitting around all day. It's a pity, but I understand the vegetables aren't the first priority for sushi. Would have been nice to taste something fresh and delicious for this price point.
Very bipolar experience. Food was excellent but the wait and such was a bit much. 

Pros:
They have a 3 and 2 rolls special even for dinner on a weekend. 
I had a spicy yellow tail, spicy tuna, and yellow tail and scallion roll and they were all delicious. 
Waitress acknowledged that we were waiting for a while and brought us two orders of dumplings on the house which was nice. 

Cons:
Small space so had a bit of a wait
I think we probably waited about 30 min for our food and we all ordered very simple rolls so it seemed a bit much of a wait. 
They kept leaving the door open and there were random people (presumably family) running in and out of the restaurant and little kids yelling and throwing plastic shovels which was all a little strange. 
 
Up their with Vic for good sushi in Rittenhouse. Maybe come when its not dinner or lunch time.
I tried the Almond Dragon Roll based on the reviews of another Yelp member, this roll has yellowtail, salmon, aspargus inside, top with eel, avocado, almond flakes, wasabi & eel sauce. This roll sure has alot going on but my opinion is the almond flakes do not go well with wet rice and sushi. Lesson learned.

The Shrimp Shumai was just okay. I get the Shrimp Shumai from almost every sushi place I visit and this was about run of the mill or a little below average.

If you choose your rolls wisely you can get a good deal here, as for me bucking $20 for one roll and run of the mill shumai thats on me. I see myself coming back to try there Sashimi Regular advertising 18 pieces of assorted Sashimi for $18.95 which seems like a pretty good deal. Will update review once I try this item. 

Pro-tip : if you check in on yelp while here you get 10% off!
Absolute hidden gem. They do a very brisk takeout business. Innovative dishes and flavor combinations; I had the Naruto roll which was delicious, but the sweet mango sauce was a little experimental. I would highly recommend the volcano salad; ingredients were very fresh.
I purchased a living social deal for 2 rolls, house salad, and a can of soda. I tried to get it delivered, although I needed to hit $15 to be eligible for delivery and the deal only came to $13.50, I didn't want any additional items or to pay the delivery fee (neither of which were noted when I purchased the LS deal) so I changed it to pick up. I had requested online that they make my sushi with brown rice, put spicy sauce on the side, and add cucumber to my tuna roll, fully realizing that they would charge me for my additions. 

It took me about 15 minutes to get there and my order was ready. I got all the way home and none of my additional requests were made, it was very disappointing. I probably will not order anything from here again, not to mention the rolls were just ok.
Wonderful place with a great atmosphere. The staff are all so nice; every time we come they give us a free appetizer! We come here every Sunday basically and it never disappoints. They also have newly renovated bathrooms which is always nice.
My goto suchi place in the neighborhood. 
Always good quality,  and fast delivery. Nice staff.
Very reasonably priced sushi. I really liked the "yummy roll" that I got, would definitely order again. It's a very cute little place with just three tables for dining in, and some bar seats. I went with a friend for Sunday dinner and there was no wait.
I hesitantly ordered from Machi via GrubHub one evening, not sure what to expect after reading some pretty negative reviews. However, I was pleasantly surprised with not only the delicious sushi (I'm picky when it comes to sushi and it was GOOD) but quick delivery, all the way to South Philly! Two thumbs up!
