Very disappointed in this place.I used to like it there until the last time I went.My father is a veteran  and I told them every Monday they give their veterans 50 % off their ENTIRE check. He was thrilled to hear about that and we live about 40 minutes away but he wanted to go there and treat the whole family.Before we got to Maggie's  we checked on the website to see if they still had this offer and they did.There were no Exclusions  anywhere! When we got there I even double checked it with a waitress and Confirmed that was correct. We ordered are food and ate.The food was good but the waitress needed to improve on service. When the bill came they did not take 50 percent off our beverages and they weren't  alcholic drinks and they took only 25 percent off certain meals. I went up to the waitress and she said the items we ordered don't count as the 50 percent off. Meanwhile no one even said there was exclusions nor was it printed anywhere.I just think this was terrible advertisement and wrong what they did especially a veteran serving our country. I was disappointed  in this big time. When we left men were yelling at my mom saying some rude comments since she didn't close the door correctly and the staff did nothing about it. So I would not recommended  this place to anyone and have told multiple people  about our disappointing experience.
Yeah, to hell with Maggie's. I've enjoyed Maggie's over the years but after my experience on Friday I won't be going back. 
Myself and three others made a 9:30 reservation under the big top for Covid friendly dining. Super excited, haven't been out in ages, etc. Well it was drizzling but hey, isn't that the main purpose of a tent? So our party arrives at 9:30 just to be told by the nasty hostess, if you can call her that, that she decided to cancel all reservations. How was I supposed to know that? Well she said she did it 45 minutes prior. A quick check of my email determined that was a lie, she had done it 12 minutes prior. And even if she did it three days prior, isn't a phone call in order? I was so upset. I asked her why she didn't call and all she kept yelling was "I don't know what you want from me, I can't predict the weather!" No, but you can pick up a phone right? I mean isn't half your job answering phone calls anyway? By the time I drove 25 minutes to get there just to be turned away it was too late to go anywhere else. This shrew completely ruined my Friday night out, and wasn't even apologetic about it. The nastiness and the unprofessionalism of Maggie's was incredibly disappointing and my friends and I won't be making a return trip any time soon.
Maggies is a great pub. The food is your typical pub fare. I have to say the fries are pretty amazing...I think they put sugar & salt on them. 

Maggie's is right on the water and when the weather is nice it's a great place in the northeast to get a drink outside. There is a large bar area so if you are looking for bar seating you have a good shot at getting a space. 

We have gone here for St. Pattys Day and its a blast (what I remember...Slainte). Live music and fast service. A great place to check out if your in the area!
WOW - what a disappointment.  I have been here for just drinks to sit outside and it was ok once you got past the abysmal service and actually get someone to notice you.  If you are a regular you get great service it seems and a few comps on drinks.  if your not - well not sure why but your lucky to get any service so get a beer bucket otherwise just move on.  

I happened to be hungry, wanted to eat right from work and decided to go there for HH and some appetizers.  I cannot even believe how horrible the food is.  All the appetizers are def. frozen.  The "famous" bronzed shrimp were chewy, overcooked and worse than bland - milk and butter do not a cajun cream sauce make! philly cheese steak rolls - the smell of old grease and the drippy greasy texture left it uneatable, clams casino - frozen from a box - enuf said.  wings?  precooked and frozen w/ bottles bar-b-que sauce.  the salmon dinner - less than fresh.  The manager was very nice, tho the chef (cooks really) need training.

Suffice it to say - if you tried to get me to go back there for free.  I would seriously decline.  It is truly sad that the only thing going for it is the outside seating but there are other places for that.  I rarely write reviews so in retrospect this had to be -3stars bad for me to be this disappointed.
Just another example of the downsides to living in the NE. So yes, technically this is a waterfront cafe. The Delaware is right across the street but to get the waterfront experience you're going to have to get seats on the balcony. I came here on a Wednesday late afternoon and it was still a crazy long wait for those seats.  But there were plenty in the back room. With barley any windows, the place was drab and more pub than waterfront cafe. The food was typical American. You can get it anywhere. Not coming here again because unless you live within walking distance. There's nothing here worth the trip for.
If you are not white dont go there. Most racist people of all time. Bartender was so rude, he cursed me out when i told him he gave me the wrong drink. His exact words "i dont have time for your people get the fuck out of here" " i dont work for you". Its a great placd, dont get me wrong but they are very racist, atleast the bartender that i had. I didnt even say anything rude and he was being like that to me. I would definitely say worst customer service ever.
Ever been to Maggie's any other day of the week than Monday? It's not bad. I'm not saying great or wonderful because it's not. What I am saying is that it has decent bar food with a fairly good craft beer menu striving to be restaurant quality including steaks and seafood. It's the "striving" part that I respect them for. 

Monday's, however, are a different matter. Now, don't hate me because I'm bringing this up because of course Maggie's should be commended for acknowledging and rewarding our service persons and Philadelphia's civil servants. And yes, they are (I think) the only place in Philadelphia that does the half price thing and on the entire menu...including alcohol. Kudos to the owners! It's all good until they skimp and or stretch ingredients on those Mondays. For example the cream of crab soup. On a Tuesday it's pretty darn good with a thick base and lots of sweet lump crab. I get it time and time again. Get it on a Monday and it's thin with no crab and geeze....guys....splurge on the normal sprinkle of Old Bay! Kinda tastes like white sauce made with a seafood stock. If the first time I'd ever had it was on a half price Monday, I'd never order it again. That would be a shame

My drink of choice is a Grey Goose Cosmo and when our server brought it to the table in a munchkin sized martini glass I asked if they served Cosmos in smaller glasses just for half price Monday.  I think she very nearly choked. She did manage to stammer that Maggie's had 2 sizes of martini glasses. One was wider and one was deeper. Really? Why?

My summery....Maggie's isn't yet a great place and it's fun but if they're going to do something great to appreciate America's and Philadelphia's finest...then don't skimp and do it right!
went here with my husband on a Saturday . The weather was nice so we wented to sit outdoors ,waited for a waitress to seat us she keep walking by us . finally we asked were we can sit .she said to share a table with other guests. so we seated ourselves. i order the seafood salad everything was overcooked scallops shrimp a little bit of lump crab wilted lettuce .my husband ordered the buffalo chicken steak it was chicken cubes no blue cheese .and the cubes of chicken keep falling out of the soggy roll.the chicken cubes were dry . this is not how a buffalo chicken cheese steak is suppose to be made on top of all this are waitress a black hair girl i didn't get her name was insulting to us . as soon as we sat down she said is this music to young for u guys . i said were not old . she changed it to the oldie's which i felt insulted .iwe will never go back here again .bad service and bad food do not go here.
Terrible service on top of terrible food. Went there because I had heard good things about the food. Ordered crab soup and cheese fries. Never have I heard of fries with sugar on them. Absolutely disgusting. When mentioned to the waitress that we did not expect/know French fries would come with sugar she just said "oh, do you want me to get them out of the way for you?" Never in my life have I ever experienced a waitress/restaurant that upon hearing negative reviews on their food did not offer to recook or replace. Nope, the fries were still on the bill with one fry eaten. Will never be returning to this establishment.
This place has disappointed me In ways I have never expected. I was a frequent customer however when my boyfriend routed for his home team we were kicked out. Very disappointed in my fellow philly fans. As long as this place institutes this philosophy, we will never frequent again, we were very frequent good customers.
Ehh nothing special really.

Decided to meet a gf here on a Monday for happy hour. We were seated right away which was nice. Our server however did not mention any food specials. We had to ask her about them and then show her online what we were referring to.

I ended up ordering cheese steak egg rolls and honey bbq wings. They were okay. Overall nothing special food and service wise. I did appreciate this location however. It was nice to be right by the water.

I would give this place another shot.
Stopped in hear on a Friday night with a friend to get few beers, And wound up getting Miller lite bottles in a bucket for $14 not to bad at all. 

I drove by this place many of time but never went in to recent. I was impressed from the inside and outside where you can sit and enjoy a few beers and look at the great view of the Delaware River. If you are planning on sitting inside good luck especially on a Friday night when it's packed. I think I found myself a new spot.. It was just so many ppl It took few min to find a place to park. 

If you want a good night out, stop hear and check it out. 

I look forward to coming back in the future and even trying the food. Heard many great things about it. Always looks to the specials. For beer and food. They are most every night!!!
I'm by far so annoyed and over Maggie's and it's a shame because it is a nice spot to go and hang out and the food is very good. I've witnessed something that Maggie's should NOT be proud of and this is not the first time I've witnessed it. Last night my friends and I went there everything was good the bar tenders weren't really friendly and welcoming but the Alvarez fight was on so they were busy. We were all having a good time ect. Towards the end of the night 3 young black men came in an sat next to me they asked for drinks and the bar tender asked to see their stamps and ID's again mind you they have doormen outside that do thats why everyone has a stamp in the first place. I asked for another drink now mind you I was sitting in the same spot all night I was then asked to see my ID and stamp I was sitting there ALL night and not once did the bar tenders ask to see my ID or stamp again once I got into the bar this is not my first time at Maggie's I never not once seen any bartender ask for proof of age once you were in the bar. The whole 2 years I've been going there. The 3 young men were very respectful and were home visiting from college and heard good things about Maggie's and wanted to check it out that's what the one told me. The disrespect I saw that these bartenders gave those young men because of the color of their skin was disgusting. Maggie's should be ashamed of themselves. I was uncomfortable witnessing it I spoke up and asked her why she ask to see my proof of age again and explain I've been coming there for years and sitting there all night and I was never asked again once I was in the bar. She said it was her job AGAIN they have door men. I've witnessed this before and met up with my friend and her co workers for a happy hour and the one co worker was black and he was treated very differently from the rest of the group I let it slide the first time but last night I was pissed and disgusted with how Maggie's passes judgement on people by the color of their skin. I'm Hispanic you wouldn't know it because I don't look it and you'll only know if you see my last name or I tell you. It's a shame because I do like that place a lot but they don't  know how to treat other human beings it's a DISGRACE!!!!!! Maggie's check your bartenders because they're messing up your business and are completely rude it's uncalled for.
Food was good. Beer selection was good.

Being asked to turn backward hat around was weird.
Pissed in a trough full of ice and decided to never go back.
This place has good food but the owner is very discriminating! my family & myself went to try them for the first time my father came in with his hat backwards apparently they have a house rule that you have to wear your hat forward, making my dad uncomfortable because he does not ever wear his hat forward this rule needs to be changed . Because it makes people feel uncomfortable and very discriminated, we should feel comfortable in our clothing if we are paying our hard earned money on there food, a hat backwards should not be an issue !!!!! Silliest thing I ever heard !
It's alright inside, they have a medium-sized bar and a medium sized dining room. They have big screen TVs. 

There's not much room around the bar, it's pretty tight. If you get a seat, you're good - at least until you gotta use the facilities. 

They have a standard bar menu. Nothing to speak of. Somewhere between edible and good, like most bar food. 

They have tables outside. They put on some kind of bucket special where you get five bottles at a slightly discounted price. The best time I had here was sitting outside in the summer drinking bottled beer by the bucket.

Old-head, retiree hangout by day, younger hangout by night. It seems to stay pretty busy. Crowd is local, seems sort of clique-ey. It's very Northeast Philly. (If you get that, okay. If not, nevermind.) This place has been around for a while and this is the first review. I think that says a lot. 

Oh, "waterfront" just for clarification means the Delaware River is across the street. 

The bartenders were nice. It has some potential but I can take it or leave it. Maybe okay for the summer. Maybe.
I struggled giving this 3 stars because it could be a 2. Outside seating? Yay! Not many options for that in this hood. Crazy, freakish, great, weather in March is the only reason we went. We had been there 2 times before. Once we sat at the bar on a cold rainy day. We stayed for 2 drinks and left. No complaints about that. But the next 2 xs the service was just ridiculous. Another beautiful day brought us here last week. 4 people behind the bar and not very busy at this time and not one "bartender" would even look at us. We wanted to know if there was waitress service outside or would we have to order here. I thought I got the one girl's attention, she finally made eye contact with me, then just turned her head and walked away. Luckily for me, I ran into an old friend and had a reason to stand there. I got to catch up. A whole lot. Because I stood there for 15 minutes. The boo was about to walk. He hates when he's trying to spend money and can't. He wanted to go where he could just get a beer and not be ignored. When the very young male bartender finally came over, my man reluctantly ordered our round and then found out that yes there is waitress service outside. We move our now party of 4 to a lovely table outside with a beautiful view of the water. And wait, and wait, and wait for a server. When she comes, no menus, no mention of any specials, happy hours, nothing. In fact, I found out they actually have a happy hour by the woman sitting at our table on our most recent visit. Which was more of the same bang up service we got before. We shared a table with 2 women. We had a 10 yr old girl with us. No one comes. The women we're sitting with, tell us they used to come often, but the service is so awful, they only came for the weather. We see a waitress and she is walking by quick with her head down just so no one can ask her for anything. We try to stop her for menus and a drink order. "excuse me? Can we get some menus and a coors...." That's it. She blew right by. The women we were sitting with just started to laugh. This is when our new friends fill us in on the HH deal. There's no info of it anywhere. Not that I care, but its nice to be informed. A different girl finally comes. We ask for menus and put in our drink order. She comes back with one menu because she couldn't find any others. Now mind you, it's not busy at this time, and I don't see anyone in my eye shot with menus. Where could they be? Still no mention of HH specials. From here on, it wasn't so bad. Our server paid reasonable attention to us. Food is typical bar food. Nothing awesome but was decent. It's what I expected. The gorgeous weather and the view is the only reason I'll be back. Here's a tip. If you find yourself here, and you actually get someone to wait on you, order several drinks at a time, cause God only knows the next time you'll be able to get a one. 3 stars for the outside.
Oh Maggie's. How you have jumped the shark....what was once a quaint place along the Delaware to grab a nice lunch and a couple of beers, has morphed into a larger establishment offering WAY TO MUCH in the line of drinks and food. When you over extend yourself you get sloppy. I used to crave your lunch specials. Now I pay $11 for the smallest crock of French onion soup (which for some reason had tomato base in it) and a cereal bowl of romain lettuce (this is what passed off to me as a Caesars salad). Yes, you have a very nice beer selection, but that will only get you so far. My fiancé had the chicken nachos and it was cheese whiz jalapeños and salsa that was so clumped together and sour. It was GROSS!! That plus it's still cramped on the side of the bar closest to the door and the barstools are so close that the guy next to use kept on elbowing me (while I'm trying to eat soup-yeah it ended well). The ONLY thing you have going for you is the two bartenders I came in contact with. They were on the ball and pleasant. Oh Maggie, how I'll miss you, thanks for the memories
When I went the place was crowded, no one offered to seat me, waited @15-20 minutes for a waitress, when my guest came I had to almost get up after 10 more minutes to get her..another 10 minutes for a refill, food took almost 25 minutes and it was horrible.... They need to clean up their act...it used to be good but no more
This place is in s great area right near the water plenty of parking. The host were very nice I went with a friend on a Saturday night we waited a few minutes short of a hour. We were finally seated under the table was filthy napkins and food than instead of sitting across from my friend I had to sit next to her cause the other two chairs had food in them. Secondly, our server finally came over (took her about 15 minutes) she got our drink order came back one of our drinks was wrong she took so long to come back and we were so thirty we just drunk it anyway. The area they set us in was VERY LOUD a game was on the night. When the server came back over we just asked for the check payed and left we never even made it to dinner smh. Such a waste of time
Have been coming here for years on my lunch break on Fridays. The staff is usually very friendly and prompt, the food is generally above average and usually a good spot in Northeast Philly The last few times the waitstaff is overwhelmed running around, services takes long and food even longer and has declined in quality. 

Today was the worst experience I've had there. We waited for a while before anyone came to take our beverage order. The salad that came with my lunch had brown wilted lettuce, this is not the first time, or the worst, this has happened but was edible. My the chicken on my sandwich was cooked to the point of rubber and had a spoiled taste to it. The server never came back to check on our food, my lunch partner finished her sandwich before we saw her. She came to drop off the check before we were finished when I told her about my sandwich. She took it too her manager who took it off the check, She never asked me if wanted something else, never apologized just sent me back to work having had a small brown salad and a few fries. Very disappointed with the quality and services lately, we really use to like coming in for lunch. This will be the last time we dine there.
Last nights Dinner consisted steamed broccoli, old bay jumbo shrimp , Lemon butter garlic mussels, and Hot and spicy garlic Snow crab legs . Our server was very nice and very attentive. The security guard was very friendly and very open to our opinions and to even make jokes with me am I companion. However, I was asked to turn my hat  forward due to a dress code policy. I must say I was having a great time until I was asked of this. Really make me feel uncomfortable and out of place just when I was feeling very welcomed and happy to be there. I would like to visit this place during the summer hours to see how it is, and this time I won't wear a hat smh.
I wanted to go out for a few drinks and grab a quick bite to eat.  I was in   Bensalem so Maggies was only a few minutes away.   They have a bunch of tv's and outside seating which was nice.  This place would be an ok spot to watch a game but the food is below average.
Just saw my annoyed review from years back. I'm here 2-3 times a week these days.  100+ beer taps now and a good pizza oven.  Most dishes are made with fresh food - a rarity, and the craft beer options are a refreshing thing to have in the Northeast.
My friends and I went to Maggie's this evening for Happy Hour. There was 4 other people we were sharing a table with. Everyone was having a great time the food was enjoyable and the drinks were good as well. One of the ladies of the 4 individuals sitting with us became very irate with my friends and I accusing us of taking over the table and YOU PEOPLE just do whatever you want to do. These are the words that was said to us it was 6 of us. We begin defending ourselves verbally and the woman called me a BITCH not once but twice. The bouncer or the staff were no where to be found until I stood up and said to this woman you're not going to disrespect me. My thoughts are they should have stepped in and defused the situation before it became to that point. At this point everyone is upset about the situation and race comes into view due to how we were treated. Yes my friends and I are African American and the other individuals were Caucasian. I say race because we were approached and they were not until I said talk to the person who started this issue. They were allowed to leave WITHOUT paying their bill. But we were THREATENED with the police if we didn't pay our bill.  The bill was paid in full NO TIP. This was my first and my last visit. The situation felt very one sided and I really didn't like the way it was handled by the staff, bouncer or the manager. African Americans money spends just like everyone else's you treat all YOUR customers no matter what their race is with RESPECT.  If they didn't have to pay we shouldn't have to pay either but instead we encounter more insults with threats of the police. I will be contacting cooperate headquarters regarding this issue. 2015 we have to do better there's enough going on in the world skin color should not be one of the remaining tired old ass issues still on the forefront.
My nursing school gang and I have adopted Maggie's as our official stop, mainly because of the great beer selection. Maggie's has the usual beer suspects, but also has 40+ craft beer on tap which is delightful.  I got one of my favorites, flying dog raging bitch IPA...not the easiest to find! That made my night. 
The food is pretty good for bar food too.  We got a buffalo chicken pizza which was ok, wings which were really good, and shrimp. The shrimp were delicious, but slightly overpriced for the portion in my estimation. 
It can get loud in here, and if you are annoyed at God awful karaoke like I am, don't come on Thursdays. But otherwise it's a great spot!!
Came here for a sing competition, food was bad and pricy. Ordered pizza and it was cold within 5 minutes not to mention it was tasteless. Staff was nice and attentive. Crowd was obnoxious, wouldn't come again for food
The service here sucks. We got a table and menus. Then we sat there for 20 mins. No one ask us if we wanted anything to drink. No one took our order. Waitresses passed us by, and ignored us when we tried to get their attention. We got up and walked out. They didn't even bother to ask us why we were leaving. First time there and last.
Completely honest review.

First impression: The parking here is awful.  It took such a long time to find a spot.  They are under construction and there is all kinds of equipment in their lot which makes it difficult to navigate or find a spot at all.  The exterior seems to be getting some work done which is good because the place looks very dated.

The bathroom is disgusting.  It smells like someone peed all over the floor, the urine scent is so strong when you walk in.  Ew!!!  

Throw in the fact that they have no changing station which made for a fantastic time changing my toddler on the disgusting, smelly and sticky floor.  Note to management - in this day and age, you really need a changing station in your bathroom!!!

And for added fun, the bathroom has no mirror, so if you'd like to fix your hair or check how you look, you're just out of luck.

I was here for a private party.  You really had to beg to get assistance getting a drink or anything else you needed, it seemed like they didn't have enough help for the size of the event. We asked for an extra child's plate and never received it.  The food we did get from the buffet was unfortunate.

The only positive I can give is that their in-house music was great, whatever they were playing was awesome.

I would not recommend this place, especially for a party.
We got a pretty big takeout order and everything came out perfect, nothing was forgotten and all special requests were completed. I had the mahi mahi wrap which was good but needed a bit more flavor. You could definitely taste the chili but not much else. The fries were SO good. We got a side of the white cheese sauce that just made the fries even better. The Cajun pierogis I wouldn't really recommend, they were just greasy and nothing amazing. I didn't try the sausage egg and cheese egg rolls but they looked delicious, got eaten very quickly and came with spicy ketchup. The spicy ketchup was such a nice addition that I also used for fries. Can't wait to visit when they're fully open and operating and try more dishes.
I used to love Maggies, used to frequent there often. It seems as though they have a new owner, and he's just not nice. You can tell a lot about a person by the way they treat their staff and he is down right nasty to his staff. A few different occasions I witnessed how he spoke to them and it really bothered me. I asked someone that worked there What his deal was, I was told some stories about him suspending someone for a week for eating a cheesesteak in the back (pre covid apparently with noone around), then suspending three others because they ordered Uber eats from Applebee's. The food is mediocre at best, it's really going downhill but it was a convenient spot. I will not support a business whose owner treats their staff like trash it's unacceptable.  He just comes off as a straight up dickhead.
Always great food and drinks! I love what they have done with the outside to accommodate outdoor dining. The water views are beautiful to see. The menu has been updated and everything we have tried has been good, even for takeout.
This is a really cool North Philadelphia find! Right next to a really cute park and of course with a riverfront view! I can't wait to come back when there's green on the trees and birds in the sky. 

The staff was very friendly and the restaurant was bustling the entire time we were there on a Saturday afternoon. Gender neutral Bathrooms were clean and there was even live music to enjoy that you could hear throughout the restaurant.

Our server explain the specials and we split a turkey burger. The turkey burger was pretty fantastic! And the french fries are seasoned with sugar and old bay, quite the concoction but it works.  Our Stellas were served cold and full!

Even though this place didn't necessarily blow me out of the water, it's certainly a great go to spot for that area. The crowd was primarily Caucasian and so were all of the staff. But the atmosphere still seemed welcoming and fun! Very Irish!!
They are not following COVID protocols at all. There is no social distancing. Filled tables only a couple of feet apart.  Felt very uncomfortable which is a shame because we had good food and service. I won't be going back because they are disrespectful of the rules in place.
We are long standing customers of Maggie's for years.  We finally were able to get a table for lunch that is only available through an online app called RESY.  Very easy to use, but would rather call directly. Third party apps that collect all your data is not necessary when trying to grab a quick lunch.  That said - this review is an update and solely based on COVID 19.  
#1 Disappointment.  Seating only available through RESY.  This is due to only being able to eat outdoors and limited seating is available.  Walk ups should be able to stop by and if there are tables good - if not - wait or go somewhere else.  Reservations only made this our 4th attempt to eat there and finally had a RESY opening.
#2 Not actually COVID specs.  Although there is plenty of room for outside seating, including the enclosed gated area they built some time ago for just that purpose - tables are set up aprox 4-5 feet apart.  My chair basically touched the back of the patron sitting behind me.  Large parties were gathering and the place was getting crowded when we left.
#3 No specials.  This is a norm for most of the places around the area, to overcome the deficit of losing business.  Its understandable, yet a negative as well.
#4 Food.  You can tell they are cutting corners and scaling back.  The meat on the cheese steak was quite minimal and the burger much thinner than normal.  Again, perhaps a necessary cut back, but when I'm spending money to  help the local economy, my wallet is thinning as well and would like a decent sandwich prepared for that I paid for.
# Service.  Training in progress, which is typical for Maggie's as this has long been a norm there.  There was no shortage of help as mask wearing wait staff checked our table regularly.  
# COVID CLEANING - I did not witness much table turn around to see how thoroughly they clean up after, however  just a simple wipe down of table tops only were witnessed at the few tables we saw leave.

All in all do I feel comfortable eating at Maggie's? Yes. Would I recommend? Yes. Do I think things will improve?  Most likely.
I don't understand ratings that are higher than three stars but to each their own... Came here on a Saturday afternoon because my mom's boyfriend recommended it. It has a nice waterfront view and my mom's into stuff like that. The wait staff was very attentive and nice, I'll give them that. The food however was just... subpar. Tried the cream of crab and uh, don't recommend it. I love seafood and was pretty disappointed. Given the price, Id settle for buying two cans of clam chowder over the cream of crab. Also got to try to calamari, which was alright and also the bronze shrimp... that was pretty gross. I've had cajun style seafood (and loved it!) before but I have no clue what flavors that appetizer was trying to embody. Don't recommend it, which is strange considering it's a popular item. My main entree was the 'steak au paive' and I got the house salad and green beans with baked potato. Was disappointed in this too. Steak was MAYBE the size of my fist and I have Donald Trump sized hands. I got it medium rare and they at least got that right. The potatoes and green beans were okay, you can't really mess up vegetables.

Overall, this place is eh. If you're in the city and looking to visit somewhere new, not this place. The food's mediocre (as would be expected from a pub) but at least the wait staff was nice and attentive!
This place serves the worst bread I have ever eaten at a restaurant. We ordered the Bronze Shrimp and Blackened Scallops, both served with stale "Acme Bread", you know that kind from the supermarket bakery? I then ordered the Grilled Chicken Club which was servered on an "Acme Kaiser Roll" again the supermarket bakery kind. This would be ok if we were in Utah, but the East coast is the bread capitol of the world... for CHRISTS SAKE get some decent bread in there. I wont be back, but do it for the next guy.
I've been here twice and loved it both times. I love sitting outdoors especially by the fountain. There are a bunch of bouncers so everything is always under control and everyone is carded. Love the crab bruschetta.
Want to feel like you like your surrounded by friends at a fun house party Maggie's is your spot.  Tuesday night is Karoake and half price appitizers. Fun night out! Wednesday is Quizzo which is fun and no matter what day or night you the bartenders are all friendly and make you feel at home. Food wise the Bronze shrimp steal the show for sure follow them up with the cajun periogies and you can not lose.  Full dinners are also good enough food for 2 meals.
This past New Year's Eve, I watched multiple Maggie's security guards stand around and WATCH while a group of 10-15 men stomped another group of 3-4 men unconscious. The security personnel did absolutely NOTHING to keep these young men from being brutally assaulted, both inside and outside of their establishment. I'm absolutely disgusted by the way that they handled the situation. If you want a safe place to hang out on the weekends, Maggie's is not the place to go. They will over serve people and allow them to brutally assault you.
I was there for a Friday night party with 25 guests, with reservations well ahead of time. 
Upon arrival, ( I was the first) I was lead to two tables outside. I told the staff that we would be needing more. They said they knew and would be setting up more. Meh, didn't really happen. We had to pull chairs from other tables around us and squish in pretty good. 
The service was deplorable. Not because the waiters and waitresses were not hustling, because they were very understaffed. We had to wait forever for anything we asked for. 
just for more inconvenience, we were not allowed to have our own checks. We were only allowed to be billed in groups of five. I considered this highly unprofessional. it was as if they had no idea we were coming. With this system, if someone just up an walked away without paying, our party coordinator would have been responsible for the check. Not good. 
The food:
i had a pinot noir, it was very good. I just ordered two appetizers, one being the coconut shrimp. I would not recommend it. It looked like an anatomical depiction of ovaries and a uterus, not a shrimp. Bite the wrong end and you have a mouth full of crunchy shrimp tail, and the sauce.....  not your typical coconut shrimp sauce, more like some hot lime based something or other with sugar in it. Photo attached.

I also had the dungeness crab. The sauce was excellent, very very very good, but the crab was a bit dry, but passable. What saved the food was the french fries. I think they are the best I ever had in my life. 

I walked away having a wonderful evening because of the great company, not the venue. 
Some work needs to be done if they would like to handle the amount of people they wish to handle.
Just okay anymore. They have a ton of beer taps but no one to have an actual craft beer selection. 90% of the taps are Bud products or those pushed by a distributor with corporate lean.  No commitment to having all beer styles represented.  For example, for the last several months one cannot get a single porter or stout, on tap or in can or bottle. 37 IPAs: not a problem. It's one of those places who claims craft beer but has 90% Goose Island and Shock Top types - the mass distributed beer with corporate interest. All the good local breweries and you might get a Troegs IPA or Yards Brawler. That's about it.

The food has been bad since the chef changed.  The Irish stew is some frozen vegetables out of a bag. "Shepherds pie" is really cottage pie with frozen vegetables. Chicken steaks went from fresh white meat chicken to dark meat leftover whatever. There's not a single dish that excites me anymore. Even the pizza is soggy.

I used to come in three times a week.  I'm down to once every other week and barely enjoy it.  I come becauseBarry is a great quizzo host and Kristie is a great waitress.  They leave: forget it.
I have been to Maggie's quite afew times but a few rubbed me the wrong way. A few years ago my friends were there during the week to celebrate a big accomplishment with a large group. They sat there all afternoon and their bar tab was in excess of $500 and was already paid since it was time for a shift change. When I arrived there was a new bar tending staff that was just starting. I waited 15 minutes before I was even recognized because they were all eating at the bar. When we finally got the bartenders attention he got an attitude with us when we ordered a drink.  Then kicked us out after we didn't let him talk us like he did. Moral of the story is you spend a shit load of money and then get kicked out. They also deliberately do not give you condiments on your food as stated on the menu and then when you ask for it, they give it to you on the side and charge you extra for it. This has happened numerous times and when I asked was told that's how it is. I am also still waiting for a return response from the Manager in regards to this. Otherwise the location is a great place and I would love to go back but will not spend one more dime there and will tell everyone that asks about Maggie's.  Bad customer Service and greed will soon catch up with a business.
Wow!  I am going to come right out and say that I absolutely love this place!  We thought the food was so good that we literally ate it two days in a row!  So I have been on the Keto diet for quite sometime and I have eaten a lot of bun-less burgers when I'm not "cheating".  So with that being said, I'm always looking for a place that doesn't rely on a bun for flavor.  I have found it here. 

I had the absolutely pleasure of eating their amazing bacon and cheese topped AND stuffed burger.  They don't rely on any other toppings that are an abomination on burgers either. (Lettuce, tomatoes, etc).  They have a delicious house made bbq sauce they tops it though.  I had to get that on the side because I knew it was filled with sugar.  

The location is fantastic and is literally right next to the water.  I can't wait to come back here in the summer.  I also have to say their servers are incredibly nice and fun to talk to.  Lastly the prices were great.  My two friends and I all were able to eat here for under 50 bucks!   I highly recommend coming here.
At first I was very impressed with the service, the atmosphere, and the bar setup.  The food was good in that my entire party seemed to enjoy what they got to eat.  

My issue was a service related issue.  

My first drink the server asked me if I liked it. I loved it.  I decided to try something else and it tasted like water mixed with some alcohol.  I didn't like it.  I stopped the waiter and said "I don't want to be that guy but I really don't like this.  Can I please have the same drink I had before instead?"  She stared at me with an angry look on her face.  Didn't say a word to me.  Took the drink out of my hand and went to the bar.  She had a nasty attitude about it while telling the bar tender I didn't like it and kind of did this mocking gesture.  

Members of my party even noticed how she was treating me.  When she came back to give me the drink I thanked her twice and she just kind of blew me off.  It low key hurt my feelings in the moment but then I thought about it and f@&! y'all.  I will never dine at a place where people treat their customers like that.  

I'm cool.
Definitely a good spot that has a nice selection of beer, the food is good I really liked their Cream of Crab soup! Nice atmosphere and a good place to enjoy some brews and some food right outside by the river. Will come again!
I ordered mussels, huge portion and very yummy. I liked the crowd that was there. Everyone was much older than me but so friendly and just a light buzz of everyday life. The view of the river is nice and I really liked their selection on mixed drinks and beers.
Great Service.

I've been a server for years so I appreciate good service when I go out to eat. You'd think its not a lot to ask, but you'd be surprised. As surprised as I was when I last went to Maggie's. I had been there a year ago and left unimpressed but my last visit will have me coming back more often! Our server was awesome, I think her name was Jamie (brown hair, glasses, great smile). She was really attentive and friendly. A good server can read your mind, knowing what you'll need and bringing it before you have to ask for it, and that's exactly what she did.

I had the chicken sandwich and my boyfriend had the seafood salad. We were hoping to find healthy options and were pleasantly surprised when we got our meals. Next time I go I'll be trying the veggie wrap, I heard its amazing.
We haven't been to Maggie's in quite some time. We stopped yesterday for a quick bite while running errands. We were sat immediately in the rear by the new patio area. Yesterday was quite humid and they didn't have the air conditioner on. It was very uncomfortable in the restaurant. They did have some of the sliders open which did provide some relief, the problem with that were the flies. They were brutal and everywhere.

Our server was Bridget and she was fantastic! She was very nice and very very good at her job. We started with the hot and honey wings. They were by far the best part of our meal. The wings were cooked to perfection and the sauce was delicious. It was sweet with the right amount of heat. We opted for 2 lunch specials. They have a nice lunch menu which is a salad or soup, sandwich, fries and a drink for $8.88. That's a pretty good deal. I went with the spicy ranchero wrap with Jambalaya soup. The soup was way too salty for my liking and lacked deep flavor. The wrap was good, it was fresh and everything worked well together. I didn't care for the bacon in it. It was rock hard. Their fries are seasoned really nice. My wife went with the mini margarita pizza with salad. The pizza was terrible. It was chewy and very thick. It also had no basil whatsoever. The pizza left a lot to be desired.

Overall for the value the food was okay i guess. With some minor tweaks this could have been really good. Please for the love of god when it's that humid, turn the air on. Not just for comfort but flies around your food while eating is disgusting. We would give it another shot but not go out of our way. 3 stars.
nice place. really like the outside but they need to get their drink specials straight. They advertise in Out On the Town Paper - Buckets of bud light 5 for $10. Their facebook page says bud lights 5 for $12, and i recently went there to order a bucket of bud light, they charged me $14 for 5. I told the bartender about it and he apologized and charged me less.
Had the roast pork. It was pretty good. Bloody Mary was nice and spicy. Few loud customers but that's not Maggie's fault.
Every time we go never any room to sit over crowed and no parking. A new parking lot is in the planning which will greatly help. 
The owner is having his problems with East Torresdale Civil Assoc. On improvements he wants to make. I live in the area and Frankly this place has gotten to big. I lived up here since 1980 when it was a small unknown bar now you can't enjoy the view way to many people.
They have quizzo Wednesday at 8pm
Came here for happy  hour on a Tuesday. Our waitress  wAs super awesome and very  accomodating. The place  was packed as every Tuesday they have a large selective appetizers that are half price.

My girlfriend and I both got mussels in red which also came with the best dipping bread ever. I couldn't believe how much the portion size was. A huge bowl full of tender mussels that had the best  crushed tomato sauce ever.

We both ordered pinot grigio and it was a nice pour.

Highly recommend!
Average food but the service was bad.  I saw one of the waitresses getting yelled at by a superior and thought that it was very unprofessional for that to happen on the floor.  The only thing I like about this place is the location.  If it's not a nice night out, there's no reason to come here.  The inside is laid out strangely which makes it feel crowded even though it isn't.
Normally I like this place.  But don't come for an Eagles game.  The band stayed late to play during the game.  The whole third quarter they let some drunk guy bang on the drums and then played oldies during the whole fourth quarter.  Food is good and I like it other times - they just don't care to have people watch Eagles games there.
We went here on Thursday night. The atmosphere is similar to being "down the shore" I wasn't expecting much as far as the food goes but, man was I surprised! I had the grilled seafood salad and it was amazing!
The waitress' were better than average but, not great!
They played country music until the bands came on and the view of the river was a bit obscure due to the cars parked on the street.
All in all it was cool and we will definitely be back again.
My boyfriend and I came here on a recommendation from one of my friends. I loved it! It is really big inside and a great view of the water. It was really busy but there is plenty of sitting inside and outside. The bruschetta was great. They put the salsa in a martini glass which was really cute. I also had a BBQ chicken sandwich which did not disappoint. I did get the fries without the flavoring, but our server gave us some on the side to try. Not really my thing, but the plain fries were great with out it. Our server Dee was really friendly. We will definitely go back!
I usually don't do reviews because I always feel like places have bad days. The waitress was great but the food and drinks were bad. We started with the $12 dollar margaritas flight. The flight tasted so sugar it burn the back of me and my girlfriend throat. Then we ordered the famous crab soup and fries with cheeses and a small plain pizza. The soup was really salty but the soup did taste fresh. Would give another try. The fries that I got another time are the same TOO over season. Makes you cough cheeses dip is good though. The pizza arrived next and it just not good at all almost taste like a late night pizza crave that you want but you know the only place open is the crappy pizza place. We still tipped and appreciate our waitress. The area is nice but unfortunately I will not be back until change happens. From one head chef to another serve what you would want to be served.
I am a foreigner in Philly and having traveled everywhere I can say this place is top notch. Go visit Jaclyn, she's a beautiful bartender with brains who is so efficient. Great place !!! Great drinks and excellent service. The bar is spacious, the crowd is good and it's busy without being crowded.
Typical bar food. Sat at an outside table which had a beautiful veiw of the river and the many porta potties sitting outside. Tried the garlic shrimp which was grilled to a chewey perfection with a cheap garlic salad dressing. My friends had the buffalo chicken cheese steak which they said was good with the best part being the french fries. Oh!, the lager was the best part of the meal.
This place has great atmosphere. The food is very good. The staff is very friendly. On Monday it's half off for Police, Fire, Military and EMS personnel, either active duty or retired. During warm weather there is outdoor seating with a great view of the Delaware River.
Food is very good. I suggest the seafood pizza, but everything I've had was good.

Lots of TVs to watch the Flyers and Phils.

Service is fantastic. They're attentive and knowledgeable.
Everything was great! Just didn't like that I couldn't change tables..... crab legs are fresh and fries seasoned to perfection!
Disappointing! We had my Stepdaughters Wedding Rehearsal Dinner here. They were a table short. Had no place for our coats. When the food was ready, no one let us know, the Servers just stood there. We brought in a hot dessert & it was served at room temperature. One of my Daughters food selections was Penne Alla Vodka (safe, family favorite) - to our surprise, it was served in a red sauce with lots of onions! No one ever asked if we needed anything. The bartender was great & the Servers were all very nice and courteous. Non the less, everyone had a great time & enjoyed each other's company.
Maggie's food is high-quality, tasty and consistent, the bronze shrimp kill it! The service is always solid and friendly; bathrooms are clean, which is always appreciated and a good indicator of a clean and sanitary operation; great special; nice location and best of all, it's not a chain! All around good vibe. I can't wait to see the new construction!
Don't order the chicken Caesar salad   Chicken not great   Burgers are really good. Atmosphere is the best & 1/2 of the staff is great   Get the right one & your experience will be great as well
First time customers to forever patrons if the food,cost and service are as wonderful as today!  We were greeted and seated on the airy comfortable patio immediately, even though it is a sweltering day.
Received some wonderful recommendations from the fun couple seated next to us who raved about the filet mignon sandwich and the bruschetta. Boy they weren't wrong! We had the crab option of the latter. Both, in a word, YUM!
We also ordered the seafood pot, which at only $25 was a showstopper.
Lastly, a shout out to our waitress Alexis who was lovely.
I've been here for lunch a few times and I'm a fan.  First, it's very clean and doesn't feel like your typical bar.  It's mostly an older crowd with quite a few police/prison guards, so I felt at ease.  Also, it's very kid friendly.

Then there's the food, which was very good.  Never had a bad meal.  The kids like the Mac and Cheese.  The cheesesteaks and burgers are very good.  They also have a house lager on tap which is nice and Guinness!

Overall, it's a really nice bar/restaurant in an area of the city that doesn't have a lot going on.
Really good food but overpriced. Crappy service and it's always too overcrowded to enjoy. Get there early to the bar and get a seat or you won't get served. Always seems like a nice idea to go here being it's nice outside and along the river, but we always end up regretting it and leaving.
For our FIRST time here the 6 of us on Mother's Day,our dinner came out COLD. 40 minutes after ordering our food. When it was sent back from the second floor there was a wait of 18 Minutes. Then the 2 lobster tails (my wife) have received came out as 1 . Again down stairs 2nd time. I was disappointed here. Our hostess was so apologetic to the 6 of us. With that being said about Christine our hostess, she tried so hard to please us all. The manager has made a management  decision, and complimented our entire dinner. Now that decision has made me and our family willing to give Maggie's Waterfront another try. We will see?? G.Opperman
A great spot to come if you have a partner who is extremely indecisive like I do. While I would recommend coming here for some great apps and sandwiches, I've never had their dinner entrees. 

The crab cakes and cheesesteak spring rolls and very good. I would recommend all of their sandwiches and burgers, specifically the beef dip and the Jack Daniels burger. They have the BEST fries, their sweet and salty and you'll crave them once you've left. Not to mention the HUGE selection of craft beers on tap! If you don't have a reservation, grab a seat at the bar and enjoy a nice beer, you won't be disappointed!
Not even good for bar food.  The only thing this place has going for it is the view.  Service is horribly slow.   Certainly not a "do again".
Forgot to mention the great server.  Unfortunately for me, she just graduated from a nursing prgram [congratulations] but hopefully will still take shifts.  Everyone was so oleasant so one couldnt but love the atmosphere.
We are trying to visit a new restaurant once each week! This place is off the beaten path but totally worth the drive. We tried the sampler, crab dip, and hot and spicy shrimp. Everything was awesome and the beer was cold. We will definitely be back!!
Had a great first experience here. Food, beer and staff were pretty perfect all around. It got crowded but the place is pretty large and seems to accommodate a large crowd really well.

Had to edit and remove stars because all the taps aren't on the same floor, and you get dirty looks when you order one from upstairs. Happened more than once. Bad business practice.
Was at an event yesterday.  This would have been an easy five stars if it wasn't for one staff member!   The event was up stairs. Great view bar was fantastic with many choices of draft beer and the food was tasty.  However one dish was a seafood pasta dish which was really good but the server only served one shrimp and one scallop when I asked her if I could have two more pieces she basically said no.  I walked someone up to get their food and told him you can only have two pieces of seafood and she said "he can have three since it's the end of the pot". She was extremely unprofessional and it's not just me that thought this way!  Medium height dark hair and glasses!  I was actually going to take a picture of her so she would be reprimanded.   The bartender was excellent and the other two servers were nice!  I did notice only one girl was the clean up girl while the other two just watched!
My first time here with a great group of friends.  I've never been here before and was nervous when I saw all the cars.  I thought it would be mobbed but it wasn't.  Great place to get together with friends to have some adult beverages or watch the game.  I'll definitely be going back although the food wasn't the best I ever had.  4 stars for the ambiance and size.  3 for the food.
I enjoyed the location, the music, and the grilled garlic shrimp (minus the ranch dip they put on them) but the drink specials were a little boring. $2 well drinks-- I couldn't finish my vodka/cran because the artificial cranberry juice taste was soo cheap and sugary. I'd rather have $5 martini or something more creative in general with that view. All of the food was basically the same price $9-$11. 
I think they should try to make it a little trendier-- I'd be more excited to go back.
I was introduced to Maggie's in the summer. My mom took me for lunch and we were able to sit outside on a beautiful day. It is right next to the river in a really cute area. I have been there a few times since and each time our servers have been great. They are all very attentive and friendly, I have never seen any staff there not smiling. That truly makes a significant difference in an experience dining out. They do frequent food and drink specials which are definitely worth listening to and taking advantage of. I typically go with crab soup as an appetizer (heart eyes), and change up my entrees. Their alfredo pasta is always a delicious choice! There is plenty of room inside for seating, and they have TV's all around. Great place for a good bite to eat with friends and family for lunch or dinner. It never disappoints!
I just don't get this place.......food is not very good........I ordered chicken wings and squirting on my first bite........grease all over.......what else is there to say.......I would not recommend........there are so many places that care about the quality they provide to customer's.......
Fun stop for lunch.  Had muscles yummy blackened  scallops soso, and buffalo shrimp with a side salad. Hit the spot. Total bill was 53$ with a blue moon.    Typical sports bar feeling.  Outside atmosphere is perfect for a stroll after pigging out. :)
stopped by Maggie's yesterday had an awesome time our server Joe amazing he was the icing on the cake. Only had apps and a few drink but the food is pretty good environment absolutely delightful beautiful views of the Delaware. I definitely plan to stop in again requesting Joe is my server.
Went here for a birthday dinner. Service was good, especially since we had a large party. the gf and I had grilled shrimp and steak spring roll apps, I had the filet mgnon sandwich and she had the crab cake. Shrimp was rubbery and chewy, rolls were ok, flaky crust but nothing special. my sandwich was probably the worst quality "filet mignon" ever. I was hungry so i ate it. She didn't like her crab cakes and I wasn't inclined to try. My best friend loves it here, so I went. On my own again? eh maybe just for drinks.
A-OK about sums it up for Maggie's.  Which is fine for a bar.  I have not eaten here yet.  I have only been here a few late Thursday nights in a row for some drinks with a couple friends and we like it.  Good prices for draft beers.  40+ beers on tap, plus a full fridge of bottles.  Also bottles on ice.  Kitchen is open til midnight. On a weeknight! I have seen other people at the bar order food and it looks good.  Open Mic til 1am.  Real musicians (guitars) playing til 1am.  So far, it's been crowded until closing. Mixed young and old crowd, me being among the old.  Bartenders are attentive and friendly.  It IS very tight around the bar and I haven't decided if this is good or bad yet.  Men's room has a trough urinal, which I don't like, usually filled with ice.  I understand they have recently made the inside larger and are putting an outside deck on the roof overlooking the Delaware River. Could be nice in the warmer months.  I may change my review if I ever get to eat here.
We were in the area visiting friends and decided to come here for dinner. While waiting for a table on a Friday evening, my 11 year old son, husband and friend were standing outside and I went to grab us some drinks at the bar while we waited. I came outside with the drinks and the security guard approached my husband saying "you need to turn your hat around." That's when I realized the signs that stated no backwards hats, no motorcycle jackets and a number of other rules based on outdated 1990's stereotypes of "troublemakers". My husband looked shocked and asked if this was a rule by the owner. The security guard responded arrogantly, "yes. If you don't like it you can contact him. His name is Kevin Goodchild". As the security guard walked away he murmured to another person that "he's always having to deal with a** holes like that." I don't think he realized I was in an ear shot of him, and I am thankful that my husband who served 2 tours in Afghanistan didn't hear the security guard refer to him as an "a** hole" for wearing his hat backwards. 

Against my better judgement, we waited for a table and after just a short time, we were seated. The waitress was nice and attentive but the food was not good. We spent $200 on dinner and 3 of us left hungry because we did not like our food. It was bland, over cooked, and boring. We will not be returning, ever.

It is my opinion that the owner should reconsider those "rules" and think about what message this sends to people who are good citizens trying to enjoy time with their families and friends. And if they want to keep their laughable rules, then they should at minimum provide some training/accountability measures in regards to the people responsible for upholding these rules. Calling someone an "a** hole" for wearing a backwards hat with his 11 year old son and wife is not only offensive and rude - it can potentially instigate unnecessary conflict.
I LOVE Maggies. My friends and I go there a lot. Whether its for drinks or for the food (usually both). They have an awesome lunch special, and always have different specials everyday for food and drinks. 

The inside is nice, they have seating in a handful of locations as well as a very long bar. There also is outside eating and a bar which is super nice with the better summer weather now. Its nice at night too!

All of the bartenders are super nice and pretty much awesome! They always grab you a drink right away. The service (waitresses/waiters) are great too.

The food is delicious. I love pretty much everything on the menu. I never had a bad meal there. From their pizzas, to their fries, to their scallops, wraps, and wings, they never disappoint. 

It can get crowded at night and especially on the weekends. But, that's clearly a good sign. I love that its on the water and there is always enough parking. 

Oh and they have a new upstairs that can be rented out but is also open for big events!
We were seated quickly.  But we are now waiting 30 minutes and no food in site.  Waitress said let me check. Came back and said our ticket was next.  When I asked where were the salad, she said "you didn't get your salads".  Maybe if she would check on  her table she would have known. 40 minutes salad. 45 minutes the kitchen  thought   it was a take out order they taking it out put the containers and putting it in plates.   50 minutes our Luke  warm  arrived. Never again!
Gets super crowded on weekends. Hate it because it's hard to walk around/navigate. A great place tho to watch a sports game or hang out when it's a more chill hour. Food is pretty good as well. Amazing Maggie's fries! Good wraps, great wings. Lots of beer options and normally pleasant bartenders.
New owners - new vibe. Food tastes good again. Better beer selections. But mostly - lots of former staff returned. I want good food and beer but I want to enjoy those waiting on me.  Some of my favorites have returned and I feel like it's somewhere I want to go again. Wednesday quizzo with Barry is fun!
I've been here many times. Food and service are always good!  Lots of parking so that's never an issue.  

Two weekends ago I enjoyed a grilled chicken caesar salad.  Fresh and tasted great!
This is one of my favorites! I moved up to north east Philly from VB, VA and living at the beach meant always eating at waterfront restaurants. This place reminds me of home and I love bringing visitors to enjoy the great food and atmosphere!
My sister and  I just returned from a visit to Maggie's . Right from the moment we arrived the female  bartender was rude , distant and bothered by our presence. She was blonde with a ponytail and not much else. Our saving grace was Mike . We sat at a half empty bar but Blondie still was a cold fish in passing by our empty drinks . Even when she did make her way to us she was RUDE . Again Mike was sweet and seemed to know his counter part was ... not into her duties .  Why ??? Why is this young lady so miserable?? Only Mike saved us from a dismal experience at the bar everyone told me to try . A thousand other bars to try
In Philly and  I def
Great service, our waitress was amazing! I asked for my steak medium rare and it was clearly well done. She took it back and came back embarrassed because the chef said to look at it again. It was well done. We sent it back. My fiances  shrimp was so overcooked as well. Food sucks, service was great!
Nice atmosphere and great location help this place a lot.  I had the appetizer sampler, and the mini crab cakes were good, but the the scallops were overcooked, and the stuffed mushrooms were not the usual presentation of stuffed mushrooms and not to my liking. My husband had a seafood salad which had a lot of lump crabmeat but the shrimp in it were way overcooked, and the scallops were a bit overcooked as well. The cream of crab soup was very good, although i wish it would have had bigger chunks of crab in it. The service was great though, and I'm sure we'll be back at some point.
I usually LOVE this place. Grilled garlic shrimp are amazing. I've had parties here which were also amazing but last night was BULL. We were seated very quickly,which I was surprised because it was a Friday night. My brother and his wife are in from out of town and  wanted to try Maggie's. We Ordered a bunch if appitizers they were all very good. My brother and wife got crab legs which were horrible no big deal. We were given a beer menu well my brother loves to try different beers. Not one beer he Ordered was in stock?? Why put out a list that wasn't updated?? Again not our waitresses fault. What we did have an issue with was her cocky attitude she was talking shit about us to other waitresses when my brother decided to get the beer I was drinking since he knows they have that the waitress proceeds to deliver my beer my husband's beer my mother's beer my sister in laws soda no beer for my brother?? She comes back with a water with lemon for my brother?? He didn't ordee that I guess she thought she was being funny well needless to say nobody was laughing. Our bill was almost $200. The  way we were treated by this unprofessional waitress was uncalled for. I honestly don't think I'll be back. The bald bouncer is steroid freak looking for trouble stood by out table trying to intimidate us..lol he would leave for a few come back stare us down. We are not some young rowdy 21 yr olds I've been coming here for yrs and never felt as unwelcome as I did last night. There are plenty other establishments in the area with better service and food and a list of beer they actually have and I'm sure they'll be happy to accept my business and hard earned money.
I've been here twice now once for a bridal shower and once during a quizzo night. The food each time was just fair. Last night our table ordered the veggie burger, loaded potato skins, chicken quesadilla, the mozzarella wedges, and the fried calamari. The veggie burger wasn't great by any means and definitely not house made. - I wouldn't recommend it. The loaded potato skins were fair and very cheesy. The chicken quesadilla was good too. Instead of putting salsa on the side Maggie's places the salsa inside the quesadilla. The mozzarella wedges were fantastic- fried to perfection and gooey!!! The calamari was also good. It is different than the typical fried calamari and marinara sauce. This calamari was over white wine sauce with peppers. It was amazing.  We also ordered dessert!! At our table we ordered the cheesecake and the brownie. In flavor both were good, but the thing that got me was that the brownie was supposed to be warm in the center and it was lukewarm at best. I do like Maggie's and will be back!!
Well I went here with my brother for the first time since covid -19, the drinks were okay the only problem I had that the ice smelled wierd, the bill came out to 90.00 dollars and we only had 2 appetizers We had to leave because i got sick from the fries or drinks don't know....I understand that times are hard and business are trying to stay open. But please be more hygiene and control your prices,we also trying to help and surviving
The service was great but the food was awful.  My crab cakes had shells throughout and no flavor.  Even the sides were meh, bland mashed potatoes and over cooked/under seasoned broccoli.  

Boyfriend's steak was undercooked....which is better than over cooked, I guess.  Onion rings that came with it literally tasted like cardboard.  

Would not recommend
Is really good place to go for a drink or eat, all the staff are friendly and professional. Is very hard to find a place like Maggie's.
i would like to start off with stating that i work in customer service and i understand the frustrations of 2021.. that being said, the service i had at Maggie's on Friday 7/23/2021 was the worst i have ever experienced. Everything started out fine, we waited only 5 minutes or so to be seated. Once seated our waitress came over and took our drink and food orders fairly promptly. The drinks came out right away and the food took average time.. i cut into my burger and it was covered in BBQ sauce, which i asked for no BBQ sauce... no big deal, things happen. When i brought it to the waitress's attention she admitted that she had made a mistake but then huffed and puffed stating " i guess ill have to ask for a new one".. we were a little taken back but still had high hopes.. that was the end of seeing our waitress.. i mean, we saw her walk past us multiple times and ignore the fact that we had 3 empty glasses stacked up on the end of the table... when she put in the second order for the burger we also asked for ranch and napkins.. those never came.. our waitress was obviously very irritated that the burger had to be sent back and was done with us... finally, another waitress was walking by and saw the stack of cups and asked if we were okay. we let her know the situation and she immediately got us our drinks and the things we needed. She must have told our waitress what happened so the original waitress came over and apologized with an awful attitude.. it was extremely awkward.. the waitress brought over the check and a box we requested and placed it in such a way that it swung open and hit me in the face.. she just turned and huffed away... that was when i had enough.. on the way out the manager was standing by the door so my friend and i informed of her of the situation.. she was kind and acted as though this type of complaint happened often with this particular server. She gave us a 15 dollar gift card for the next visit... fast forward to today.. my friend ordered a salad for lunch and when she got there to pick it up the gift card that the manager gave us has a zero balance!!! what a slap in the face. after years of being a loyal customer, even through the tough times of pandemic, i will never be back..  this place is pitiful at best.
