Finally!!! We were able to dine in today. The owner is so friendly. I highly recommend using their reservation feature on the website. This place is small and gets packed at night.

They offer art shows, open mic and music events. 

The owner stated that they were in the middle of painting and redoing the restaurant. NEW MENU ITEMS COMING SOON!!!!

Today I had the veggie platter and chicken pita sandwich. The platter, once again.. amazing. I loved the pita he brought out.with the platter The chicken pita sandwich  is huge (see photo). I had to sit about 3 minutes and contemplate how I was going to eat it. $29 for the platter and pita. My husband and I left full and had two boxes of leftovers.
Malelani is truly an international spot located in the Mt. Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia.  One of its two owners is of Greek descent but born and raised in South Africa.  In fact the name Malelani comes from one of the languages spoken in South Africa and means 'Place of the Palms.'  The food however is Mediterranean.  Go figure.

During the Covid-19 pandemic, Malelani is fortunately open for takeout and indeed it makes for a tasty meal during these trying times. Call ahead to reserve your meal and it will be waiting for you when you arrive. I enjoyed very much my recent order of a chicken schwarma pita.  The ingredients were fresh and very ample making eating this sandwich with your hands a challenge.  It's a challenge I happily undertook!
Holy flavors!!! I'm so glad I was finally able to try this place. I ordered on Doordash. 

I got the Dolma platter. I added a photo of what is supposed to come with the platter. I'm not really sure what I got. I ended up getting a lot more than what was listed. I was also missing olives, which kinda bums me out because I love olives. 

Anyways... umm, so yeah, this place is a great place to go if you're looking for flavorful hummus and a plethora of other dips. 

The tzatziki dip is hands down my favorite from any place I have ever tried. 

The stuffed grape leaves were very fresh, not oily. The leaves were still crunchy. I hate when they evaporate in my mouth, so I was relieved to find that they were fresh and firm. 

I don't know if I would recommend getting takeout or at least not delivery. Everything kinda melted together in this big batch of flavorful mush. 

Next time I'll just go here with my husband, sans child. There's wasn't much space inside when we tried to go for dinner the night before. Live music and a 2 year old doesn't really mix.
Malelani came to our office for Fooda (catering for purchase) today. I got a beet salad with chicken, and it is absolutely delicious. The lettuce is crisp, the grape tomatoes are firm, the feta is tasty and plentiful, the chicken is moist, and the beets are tender. The salad also includes sliced cucumber and pecans, and it came with a side of freshly toasted pita bread. Fantastic!
Friendly small Mediterranean/Poke spot. Consistent live music. Can have a young artsy or older - probably hippies in the sixties :) - crowds. Chairs and benches and outdoor seating. Lots of free parking on Pelham if GTA is all filled up (like you will be after eating all the noms!)
I am all about my neighborhood and the people and places that make it great, and this li'l gem right here will do a body good. 

Every time I walk in here--which I'll admit isn't often enough because I'm a tad absentminded sometimes--it's fantastic. The dudes (at least there are always 2 when I go in) are always so dang happy to see you and offer up super friendly and great service. 

I've sampled some breakfast, a couple of paninis and the shwarma. After reading some other reviews I now know I have to go back for the teas (!), but the coffee (Illy) is outstanding. 

There are lots of reasons to go back though. The menu is pretty simple which, in my opinion, puts the focus on doing certain foods and beverages very, very well. I'd never had a shwarma before, but the blend of flavors and freshness put me in a very happy and satiated place. 

The atmosphere lulls you in the best way. The dudes are chill and happy--even when it's hectic--and that lends itself to the environment. Everyone is just happy to be there; happy to say hello to faces new and old; happy to have such a great, chill spot to call home for a quick snack, a meal or a jam session. If you need some solid sustenance and some sunshine in your life, get yourself on in here.
I came here a little over a week ago with a friend who lives in the area and had wanted to check the place out.  I don't think I've ever gone wrong in Mt. Airy or Chestnut Hill, so I had high expectations.  Malelani Cafe, with all of its quirk, did not disappoint.

The space is small, and not very heavily decorated.  They have artwork from I believe local artists hung around the space that is available for purchase.  They also have all the stuff for live music (including a microphone right in the middle of the floor) because they have performances during certain evenings.  (I don't know why they wouldn't want to remove the microphone and everything else and move it to the back in favor of more tables, but maybe they want a demonstrative to show that live music is a part of their vibe.)  When we got there we were confused and had very little direction.  Evidently they were in the middle of a menu switchover so there was literally 1 menu in the entire place, which was just a laminated piece of paper.  1 menu for the entire restaurant.  Hopefully that's not the norm, though I don't think it is.

We were served complimentary pita with hummus, alongside chilled brewed teas, both which appear to be a specialty.  The teas were delicious.  There was one that I think was passion fruit and it tasted like a healthier, less sugary Kool Aid.  They were also served in wine glasses which is legitimately a nice touch!!  The hummus was very tasty, as well.  Being clearly homemade it was chunky with big pieces of chick pea.  I love hummus but oddly enough hate chick peas in their full pea form, so I kind of ate around that, but I know I'm an oddball.  The hummus is delish, just know it's not supermarket creamy (because it's processed by a real live human and not a machine).

As our entrees we both ordered the halloumi salad.  Here's all you need to know about halloumi cheese: it's friggin delicious.  The salad comes with baked halloumi, sliced avocado, tomato, cucumber, onion, and croutons over romaine with warm multi grain pita.  This salad was absolute perfection.  Also I am now perpetually hungry for halloumi (seriously, you can ask my husband).  I hope (and highly recommend) that as they change the menu around they leave this on there because this is an A+ home run salad.

Malelani is like a diamond in the rough.  There's food for everyone.  On a diet?  There's something for you.  Vegetarian or vegan?  There's something for you.  A full blown carnivore?  There's something for you, too.  With the existing menu it's highly Mediterranean (they had moussaka, gyros, spanakopita, etc.) but also a lot of delicious sounding American sandwiches and paninis.  Also their coffee and tea selections are nearly unmatched.  This place has enough of a cool, independent, hipster vibe that they could easily thrive in neighborhoods like Northern Liberties or Fishtown, but the fact that their home base is in Mt. Airy makes them even cooler.  And the owner is SO passionate!  He talked on and on about his restaurant, the food, the music, and I was totally energized by his energy.  I think they will succeed because he care so much about ensuring that it does.  So definitely give this place a shot the next time you're in town.  It's a little bit of a hidden gem.
I don't usually write harsh reviews on yelp, I know that small restaurants are a hard business and the last thing you need is someone making your life that much more difficult with a bad review, but I have no clue what was going on at Malelani Cafe.  First of all, I don't think any of these people have eaten Mediterranean food, nothing about any of the food was 'Mediterranean', the falafel was .... wierd ... at best.  The salad was an iceberg lettuce hodgepodge and the chicken sandwich was Wawa quality (good, but not worth $12).  My wife and I sat there looking around wondering what would occupy its space next.

On top of that, this was the second time I went there, the first time I left because they had almost no ingredients for anything I wanted - like 5 different dishes they told me they couldn't make for me.

The one thing I would say is that the staff is REALLY nice, maybe the only thing that redeems this from a 1 star rating.
I'm so confused about my last experience here. The first time I came here the food was delicious! I was so happy with the food and was looking forward to my next visit. 

Today I placed an order for two different plates, baklava and a side of falafel. The pickup time said 6:20 so we arrived at 6:20 for our food. When we got home the food was very cold. Nothing was warmed up, cold chicken, cold moussaka, cold falafel. We also were missing the baklava. We called to let them know the food was cold and we were missing the baklava. They explained that they cook all the food ahead of time and only warm it up for orders. There was no apology or move to try and make things right. They did refund the $5 baklava. Unfortunately, this just doesn't sit right with me. I won't be coming here again, which is sad because I wanted to support a local place!
Despite the many challenges that COVID has brought to this world, I am grateful when I get an opportunity to meet wonderful people and enjoy great food! George was great host. During my wait, I was educated about the historical roots of Mt. Airey. I am still "new" to the Philadelphia area and I am always looking forward to learning about new restaurants and new areas to visit.  I ordered the smoked salmon platter with all the fixins! I mentioned that I was tossed about ordering the falafel platter and George was so gracious to drop a few freshly fried falafels in my to go container. The black bean and the original hummus were so creamy and the grape leaves were also tasty. I am not a grape leave fan and I are all three of them! 

A little bit of a drive for me but I am always willing to make the ride for good food and great customer service. I will definitely return. I look forward to trying the Covfefe (for shitz and giggles of course!).
Jared & I settled on Malelani for a cool lunch on a very hot and humid Saturday.  

This cafe is a cosy, yet is still set up to host some live music on occasions.  It seemed like there was only a handful of tables, but we didn't have a wait to grab a seat.  Given how hot it was outside, I was pleasantly surprised by the temperature inside.  No I wasn't frozen, but was able to cool off.

We were greeted with drink recommendations.  I had the ice tea while Jared had a cold brew ice coffee.  Both were very refreshing.  A review of the menu was a bit surprising as everything was chicken - a bit unusual for a Mediterranean restaurant.  However, my first bite into the dusk special eliminated any concerns.  Each platter comes with potato salad or fresh fruit, and good portions of each.  After finishing my meal, I was full but not stuffed.  

We chilled at our seats for a while after eating and were never rushed out.  Little touches like this one are reasons why I'd recommend Malelani's and why I will be back.
So freaking good and fresh! The portions are very generous. Great customer service. Love, love, love. I will definitely be back.
Amazing Mediterranean food! Host was friendly and whipped up a platter for us to try. Hands down the best tasting Mediterranean place I've been to. There is  live music on Friday and Saturday!
Ordered quarantine take-out on Saturday night after having samples of Malelani's goodies at an event a few months back. We should not have waited that long to give this place another go. We ordered a chicken salad platter and a shawarma platter. Both came with an amazing array of goodies; hummus, black bean hummus, pickled onions, cabbage, feta, cucumbers, tabouli, potatoes, pita, and olives. Every bite was delicious. Do yourself a favor and support Malelani in quarantine and beyond...
If you crave something bright, healthy, and delicious, this is a perfect delivery option. Everything was fresh & crisp & full of flavor, pitas still warm, and the customer service was amazing. I am so pleased - I am quite sure I will order again very soon. The pickled veggies were also really delish. Thank you!!
I went here in 2016 when I first moved in the area and I went here again today for lunch with my daughter.  The place was somewhat empty since it was 2:00 pm and it was neither lunch nor dinner time.  I frequently go to Mediterranean restaurants with my spouse and was intrigued because of the Yelp reviews.  The food did not disappoint. I ordered chicken shawarma plate and it was absolutely delicious.  The place itself is not very kid friendly (no high chairs).  The menu is a bit limited and pricey.  $15 for platters and $12 for gyros- normally would be $5 less in other places.  However, the quality of food was better.  Service was pretty good too.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  So I will come back here again but probably not with daughter since it not very kid friendly.
Think of the biggest stoner skateboarder from your college, all grown up (but not really) opening a cafe/restaurant /art space type establishment that is kind of Mediterranean but also kind of hippy food. Maybe there's a bunch of dudes watching soccer, maybe there is a guitar player awkwardly singing to just your table in the middle of the afternoon, maybe there is an art opening happening. You really just never know what you will get. Everything I've ordered has been totally delicious and the employees are always so nice and laid back.
Was staying on vaca in the Mount Airy area and came across this coffee shop with my boyfriend. Went in while the owner was there and had great conversation. Very homy vibe and delicious coffee and breakfast item. The owner takes pride in the quality of his food and coffee products and has nice vision for the area. They are byob and also have open mic nights!
Outstanding restaurant. They will do whatever it takes to make you happy, and all priced very well. Assortment of tea is top-notch, if you like that sort of thing. Menu is already a great selection of Levantine dishes, but I've seen that they are willing to make pretty much anything you ask as long as they have the ingredients. Great food to satisfy that Middle-Eastern itch. 

Definitely a place worth checking out!
Excellent atmosphere, incredibly filling food, great place to enjoy a weekend afternoon.
I met some friends here for a late get together.  Some folks had bagels with eggs cheese and bacon, others had various panini, I had a shwarma.

I was expecting the usual a pita with nice chicken and some vegis with tahini  Well thats what I got, but with the addition of eggplant and all very nicely prepared with more then the usual - olive oil and other stuff in the tahini, nicely marinated chicken and just an explosion of flavor!

They have Illy coffee.  I had a large cup of brewed coffee.  When they ran out of brewed coffee and did not want to make a new pot they made me an americano.

All in all just very nice food a cut above what you might expect served in a casual space filled with work by local artists that's for sale.
I visited this spot for brunch on a weekday. I was unsure which door to use when entering. Once I entered, a man got up from his guitar to seat me. 
I previously read the Yelp reviews and had higher hopes based on the 4.5 star rating--- THIS WAS NOT THE CASE. 
They were out of many food items which is shocking for a mid week brunch meal at 12pm. 

Further, I ordered a Greek salad which I found to lack any flavor and the quality of vegetables seemed questionable. 

My friend ordered a chicken shawarma and was highly disappointed in the meal because the chicken was tough and lacking any seasoning. The pita bread tasted as if it was previously frozen and recently thawed... it was not warm and did not have any flavor. 

We added hummus which was extremely chunky, hard, dry, and again without flavor. The hummus seemed to be left over from the previous night.

In all our meals totaled $30 combined which is unimaginable for such a less than mediocre meal and poor service.
I was highly disappointed since the previous reviews seemed positive. I WANT TO MAKE THIS CLEAR- I Will not be returning and would not recommend this to anyone!!
They were out of so many items on the menu that we had a hard time ordering. No hummus, lox, falafel, gyro meat and more. Dishes which came out were different than what was listed on the menu because they were out of so many things. Would not return nor recommend. Food they did have was decent.
This has become one of my favorite places.  Everything I've had here has been good. I have a friend who's also a model, and we always come here when she visits me. The staff are always really friendly. We stopped in the other day just for tea (their teas and Yerba Mates are really delicious) and ended up ordering their "rice krispie french toast", which was actually pita bread with cinnamon and rice krispies on it, with a bowl of strawberry yogurt to dunk it in. It was delicious and seemed really healthy.

I want to come back for the drum circle on Tuesdays! 

It's also a great place to take a date.
I was just looking for a cafe to do work around Germantown and this place popped up on yelp. I asked for the owner's reputation for food and tea. I ended up getting a mixed platter and mango mate tea. The platter looked beautiful with the assortment of hummuses, tomatoes, onions, potatoes and other things I can't remember. It was also delicious. The pita was crispy and soft, hummus was super creamy and smooth and everything was seasoned well. The mango mate was a blend of fruity, earthy and rich. Would definitely recommend coming here. It's a lot of food for a good price, also healthy. It's also a nice space to do work. Additionally the owner was very friendly and helpful. Street parking is available.
Friends from out of town are half vegetarian (husband is- wife is not) and so we always have fun finding interesting places to order from where everyone can not only be accommodated but actually enjoy what they get for lunch and this place was soooooo good! We'd been looking for a replacement Mediterranean go to spot after moving and Zorbas (the original most amazing Greek restaurant of all time) closing its doors and this fills our void. We each got platters (falafel and chicken x2) and everything was so flavorful and filling- we look forward to coming back soon!
My review is about the food primarily... I was told by others that the food here was not good and decided to give it a try... played it safe with an Avocado BLT.  It wasn't terrible... there was almost no Avocado on the sandwich (a sliver on each side), and the tomatoes were soft.  Otherwise OK.  It came with a side of fruit salad, which was 90% pineapple and a few banana slices... kind of a sad salad.  Tried a cookie and it was dry and tasted a bit like baking soda.  

The tea selection here looks pretty good, and I've heard the open mike nights are well-attended.
I'd give this place 3.5 if I could. The problem is the unevenness of the food quality. My husband and I each had a "schwarma " platter. The platter was huge and packed, I mean packed,  with delicious vegetarian sides. The chicken was nothing like schwarma at all . It was marinated chicken breast , most likely cooked in a pan or pot. I knew this in advance b/c I'd asked,  but I tried it anyway. It was tender but pretty underwhelming. The server  was well intentioned and polite but not really familiar with the menu. Not a great place overall but  they sure make some great mezzes (not that they say that on the menu). Order all veg and be so happy.
After a walk at Valley Green, my wife and I came here for lunch.  I read good things about the place and we arrived and for some reason I had a little reservation eating here.  I don't know why, but I did.
But we order 2 different salads (mine was the Mediterranean) which was served with iceberg lettuce (which at first sight I thought was odd).  But I really enjoyed my salad.  The dolma was chopped up (also odd to me too), but all the combination of roasted peppers, fennel, hummus with pita was flavorful to me.  
Overall, we had a good lunch.
Unfortunately avocado in my sandwich was bad and ruined the whole sandwich. It is harsh to say but it was not worth $14 and I don't think I will go back there again.
I spent a long time in Astoria Queens where the Greek food was pretty wonderful so I have been delighted to find out about Melalani Cafe. The food I've had has been well prepared, ingredients very fresh and flavorful, and during Covid has made for wonderful takeout. Falafel pita is excellent. Chicken Shwarma platter is lovely with a fantastic variety of sides. Nice people on the phone as well. Lucky to have them in the neighborhood!
Awesome people, awesome food! You can never go wrong with coming here. I always leave satisfied and uplifted by their awesome energy. Thanks guys!
Such a friendly atmosphere, most times they have live music. 
Food never ever ever disappoints.
Thanks, I appreciate y'all.
I'm embarrassed that it took me so long to try this place. My sister was visiting and we were both craving greek food after a long hike on the Wissahickon Trail. I'd remembered passing this place and seeing the photos on Yelp and i'd wanted to try it for so long. I figured it would be the perfect spot for a filling late lunch. 

We parked a couple spaces away and arrived to the adorable Malelani Cafe. We opted to sit outside on the beautiful 75 and sunny day. 

The waiter was very nice and quickly got us water as we looked over the menu. Everything looked good so we decided to order two platters and share. We also added on dolmas because who can resist those. 

About 10min later our giant platters arrived and to say we digged in would be an understatement. I don't think i've ever had such a quiet meal as we never took any breaks to talk. We were to quick to get a picture of the beautiful plates. The Spanakopita was my first bite and wow, perfectly flaky and delicious. We had both the falafel and gyro plates that were packed with two hummus, feta, tzatziki, olives, tabouli, pico de gallo, pickled cabbage and onions, pita and more. 

Every bite was amazing but the stars to me were the falafel, hummus, tabouli and picked cabbage. Such amazing flavors and don't let the prices fool you, our $15 platter was easily two meals- we took a huge box home for leftovers.  We somehow managed to also stuff ourselves with a Baklava which was scrumptious. 

If you're in the area and want an amazing meal you better stop in! Don't wait like I did- you'd be missing out.
Based just on the excellent Americano coffee, I've giving 5 stars to this charming little cafe and art space on the lower reaches of Germantown Avenue in Mt. Airy. Very friendly, yes - laid-back - staff. Outdoor seating is a great option. Menu looks excellent, can't wait to get back to try to the food.
The food here was superb, service was very, very  friendly. A real Pleasure to have lunch here. You have to go there if you are looking for delicious, healthy food. Large portions. Try their chocolate ice tea. Highly recommend!!! I had the gravlax platter and hubby had moussaka. Both delicious!  Baklava was wonderful.
Great food, large portions, and ... rooibos tea!
Shawarma, gyro, and the chipotle chicken panini are highlights here for us non-vegetarians. And, as a non coffee drinker, the bounty of tea means you can try something new each visit. 

Everything is fresh and served with a friendly greeting. I look forward to outdoor seating when it warms up.
Malelani is a funny little place.  Kind of a dive -- seat yourself, wait a spell for someone to notice you, and not enough menus for the 8 people in the house that night.  The owner comes to wait your table and explain that only about half the stuff on the menu is available that night.  So we are not talking high end dining here.  But.... the live music from local artists; the tasty and uniquely spiced food offerings; and the overall "get out of your house and into your neighborhood businesses" vibe makes this a really neat place to get a cheap meal and get a flavor for the Mt. Airy neighborhood.  

We had a veggie falafel platter that had 5 or 6 items, including roasted cauliflower; sauteed spinach and mushrooms; house-made falafel that was really excellent, and hummus (among other things).  The beef shwarma pita was excellent also.  Owners George and Nathaniel were affable and friendly, engaged my kids, and kept checking to make sure we were enjoying our meal. 

As long as you know what you are going in for, this is a real treat.  We will go back.
Great food. Lovely staff. Nice atmosphere. Hope they can stay in business at this location. They are a lovely addition to the neighborhood. Really tasty Mediterranean food.
My friend and I came in around 7:30 on a weekday night. We knew they closed soon and were planning on ordering coffee drinks to go. The owner named George immediately came over to us and invited us to sit down. He saw it was our first time in so he explain all their drinks (which are extensive). I was blown away by the choices. They have a variety of teas which they order from Colorado and coffee drinks to choose from.
We also ordered the lemon lentil soup, which was delicious. It is vegan and reminded me of a creamy chicken noodle soup.
Upon leaving George explained how they are relatively new to the city and are trying to reach out to the community. They have Open Mic during the week and feature local artists' paintings and sculptures. 

Overall this is a wonderful place filled with delicious food and friendly staff
Hidden gem!! We were hesitant when we walked in because the place was empty when we got there. We were immediately welcomed by the staff, the menu and drinks came right away. And they were very helpful and accommodating when it came to the menu. We came here for brunch and the food options for brunch were limited. But everything on the menu was available to order. I had a vegan platter; everything on the platter was delish. Everyone in my party enjoyed their food. I will come back!!
Love this place. The food is so fresh and yummy. I wasn't a fan of Dill, but Nick swore that dill is the only herb that worked in his special sauce for one of the sandwiches and now that is one of my favorite ones (Mediterrean Chicken Wrap). The homemade humas is the best. and they even surprise you with some new things on the side sometimes. Love their tea varieties as well. going there around 3 or 4 for a late lunch with my laptop to work and eat is a treat. The place feels more like their house than a cafe but that is the charm of it.  .
My friend and I went here today for lunch. The cafe is convered in art and felt very welcoming. There's a cafe space and more seating for eating in a separate room. 

They only had one menu that day. Apparently they're changing food and ordering more menus. It's a good thing we were the only ones in there or else we'd have to share with the other tables. They didn't have soup that day, or regular coke. This is definitely a quirky place!

Hummus platter: hummus is homemade. Not the typical creamy kind, more chunky and drier. Pita served warm. Feta cheese and kalamata olives were fresh and delicious. 

Halloumi salad: MUST try. The Halloumi cheese was so fresh and smoky. Delicious. 

Try the infused teas. Particularly liked the roobus chai tea. 

Will return!
okay i went here with my girlfriend and we walked in on a shabby music event. I was thinking we should head out but YOOOOOO IM GLAD WE STAYED ! The food is absolutely delicious we had chicken skewers. I dreaaammmm of the food here. Go .
This place has incredibly good healthy food and giant portions. Kid friendly, very friendly staff. Moussaka, falafel, veggie platter, pretty much anything will be delicious. Delectable dolmas. Vegan is easy to do. If you're lucky in fall or winter you'll get a baked sweet potato on your platter. Great tea for your tea date.
George, the owner, was incredible in his hospitality. Before we even entered, George had waved his hands to signal us to come inside. He made us feel welcomed. It was about 7 of us and we were treated like family. We were able to be accommodated quickly, but also the food was delicious! Super affordable and friendly environment!
The food here is fresh, filling, and wonderful. They serve beautiful platters of Mediterranean food. The ambiance is totally chill. It's a great place to spend some time. They have live music and events and you can byob.
My husband and I went to Malelani for brunch. When we entered, we were unsure as to whether to seat ourselves or wait to be seated, so we stood awkwardly for some time until a man decided to stand up from his guitar and tell us to seat ourselves. A waitress took our drink orders fairly quickly, but was not very knowledgable about the selections. 

They were out of several items, which eliminated about half of the menu. I ordered an egg sandwich on pita (because they were out of most other items). My eggs were cooked in a microwave and the bacon was the pre-cooked package stuff. Only American cheese and feta cheese were available, so I chose American, which tasted like glue. The watermelon served on the side was excellent. My husband got a chicken gyro, which he said was ok. The hummus was flavorful, fresh, and chunky. Our drinks arrived as we were about half way through our meal, but were pretty good. 

Overall, the food was ok, the atmosphere felt cluttered and disorganized, and the drinks were good. We probably won't return as there are much better options in the area.
Five stars for food, atmosphere and live music.  Best food for the price, hands down. A step above usual Mediterranean cuisine. The hummus is denser and more flavorful than any hummus I have tasted. The platters are thoughtfully prepared with special touches on the plate liked pieces of fried eggplant or fried cheese. Highly recommend the chicken shwarma and the vegetable platter. The cafe itself is warm and the owner, George, is very welcoming. The walls are brightly painted and filled with art. The best thing about Malelani Cafe is live music. It is one of the few places in Philadelphia with no admission charge and a cool variety of live music. Musicians should check out the Thursday night open mike. A fun and lively neighborhood place with great food! Open for lunch and dinner.
I can't speak highly enough of Malelani. It's my #1 spot to recommend to anyone who's recently moved to the area (or for any other reason has never been!) George and Nate are incredibly charismatic, caring hosts, and the food is always delicious. Wonderful place for both my stomach and soul
Nice little place, food was very good, I had the Mediterranean chicken wrap, my wife had the Chipotle chicken wrap, both were excellent. Fresh brewed teas and coffee also great. As a bonus, we were in on a Saturday when they had live music. Definitely check this place out
This small quaint spot on the corner was a tasty stop on our visit to Germantown. The owners and staff were awesome and friendly. They made sure we were satisfied and full! They even brought us out some of their special herbal ice tea. They have definitely made return customers out of us!!
To say that this place is incredible is say nothing!  They rock! In everything! Starting from delicious homemade food, with authentic Mediterranean  dishes served at their best to the owner who is one of the most welcoming man I know! He loves great food and he knows how to make it! 

There is great live music every weekend and always changing arts  on the walls. Design is simple, creative and bright. 

I visited their first location in Ventnor, NJ often (same name), fortunately for me than I moved,  they opened up in Philly area. In both locations I've  never got food or drink I didn't like, in addition, George or his employees  will make sure they did everything to help you enjoy your meal. 

Plates are big and food is filling, they serve leaf tea and illy coffee, amazing ice tea and all other tasty beverages. My personal favorite is halloumi cheese salad. This grilled cheese is banging! 

In conclusion, I'll  say that I brought a lot 9f my friends there and all of them (without lying) fell in love with this place and it's  atmosphere. 
P.s. also they start growing their own veggies
I always ask Nathaniel to just make me a platter. It's always good. Fresh veggies. Hummus. Cheese. Pita. Dolmadas. Fresh protein that day. It's never the same thing. I had the coconut lentil soup which was great. Not heavy, just right. Give it try.
So yummy!  Our kitchen is being remodeled so I had to venture out and check out new eateries.  This place is just what we need in Uptown! Delicious, healthy Mediterranean cuisine.
Love this place. The food, coffee and tea are great and the owners are super accommodating. They care about providing accessible, high quality food to the community. They also let us dive into their vinyl collection and play whatever we liked. Definitely a gem of a spot.
Great local place for coffee, tea and their namesake shake is wonderful. We tried the gyro and shwarma. They were made with chicken and didn't have enough flavor. They served us a very nice appetizer plate with great peppers, humus and olives
Went there for lunch several times. Very nice place! Food is always tasty and fresh!
Definitely recommend it.
Randomly yelped this place for a business lunch. Absolutely delicious. Very warm and inviting atmosphere. Food was unbelievable. We ordered waters, however they brought us tea as they're a "tea house" which really a great experience. Also brought us samples of fried cheese. Hipster environment, good music, interesting art, can't beat the food. Definitely will be returning to try their espressos.
George and his staff have such a wonderful place!  I stopped in for some coffee and was welcomed by a guitarist in the corner, a fantastically friendly staff, and a menu that was thisclose to making me skip a lunch party.  Their brunch menu looked delicious!  The dolmathes that were being expertly crafted reminded me of those I had in Greece (and my mother used to make).  

If you are lucky enough to live nearby, you must go!
Malelani is one of my go to spots for amazing food! Seriously so much flavor and stuff for my meat-loving husband, vegan for me and everything between! So glad to have this spot in Germantown!
I stopped in yesterday to get the turkey chilli and Boom its the best I ever had. The variety of teas and nicely balanced menu and the full schedule of Live Music.  What a great please to relax and enjoy the moment.  Love the new website www.malelaniphilly.com
Looks like your average cafe, but serves up some of the best food in Mt. Airy. Portions are generous. The dishes are healthy, and my kids love it. They offer up a variety of middle eastern/Mediterranean options, the will satisfy vegetarians and omnivores alike. One platter could easily feed me and my two kids under 5, but I'm greedy and want one all to myself. Go there! Order a platter of anything. You won't be disappointed.
We went over the weekend thinking that we would discover a new restaurant that serves Mediterranean food. Unfortunately, the food that was closest to being "Mediterranean" wasn't very good. The pita seemed like it was store-bought and the falafel was way too salty and seemed like it was reheated. The chicken chipotle salad and the potato salad... I never knew those dishes to be Mediterranean. Are they? The servings are generous in portion but we just didn't find either of our meals appetizing. When it came time to pay, the person serving our table was nowhere to be found.
Great addition to the area.  I hope to see this stretch of German town ave develop.  It's weird that mt airy didn't have a Mediterranean option before. They serve very high quality coffee and tea  products.  So far we have tried the grape leaves, blintz's and several sandwiches.  All were very good.  Owners are very nice and they seem to be child friendly.  They have live music third through Saturday.  Glad to have them in mt airy!
Our friend has raved about this coffee house and restaurant for over a year and we finally went there. The  owner, George couldn't have been more welcoming. There was an interesting small selection of teas as well as coffee. We had the moussaka with a  Greek salad. We also tried a few of his Greek side dishes. All was very tasty and fresh. The shop itself is  in transition... George has fine plans for his double store front place. It is very unassuming but he focuses on the food, drinks and offering a place for local artists to perform at the Open Mic.
Good food, nice people. He actually went out to his garden to get produce for our meal. Hard to ask for more than that.
I'm just going to be straightforward regarding Malelani: great tea, decent eats, stoner staff. To address each of these points, I'll preface by saying I have been here on two occasions and had identical experiences on both. 

They source their tea from Pekoe Sip House and most of it is organic loose leaf. As a self proclaimed tea connoisseur I like to believe I'm justified in testifying that they have a rather large selection of "premium" teas. Of these teas, I enjoy the Matcha and Yerba Maté. (Although, I don't believe there is a bad pick.)

The decor is bright and reminds me of art-deco Jamaican-style. We're talking Marigold orange walls, a cycling feature of local artists' work prominently displayed, and mosaics juxtaposed with announcements about local events. They regularly host musicians and I can't speak to what these events are like, but it appears to be a BYOB accommodating venue.

As for the food, the menu isn't extravagant and is fairly priced. Breakfast is available all day, which serves as a plus in my book. The chili and moussaka are also "on point." I have had an opportunity to try their 6 Nut Chocolate Chip cookies as last time I was in they had a freshly baked batch. If you get a chance, eat a dozen. They might be the best cookie of the decade! Seriously...

Now, onto the staff. I personally haven't touched a drink or drug in a couple of years, but this feels like the place you can go for a beer, a blunt, and a bacon croissant. I've had 3 different servers and all of them have that "California Bro" demeanor. Just expect that they'll be friendly to you, and are probably more baked than the brownies they also sell. If that type of person bothers you, frequent another joint. 

So overall, come prepared for a leisurely dining experience. Feel free to sit back, enjoy the music, sip your tea slowly, and converse with some happy hippies.
Kind of a strange place...stopped in for lunch and was the only person there except for 2 employees who spent most of their time watching computer videos.  Ordered the stuffed grape leaves platter w halloumi cheese.  It was a good amount of food but the guy who gave it to me seemed to arbitrarily add items not on the menu.  When he saw me checking the menu he said "oh we were out of some things so I just gave you a bunch of other stuff".  Some of it, like the greens, was good, but other unidentifiable mush, not so much.  Probably a fun place at night but I'd skip it for lunch.
Stopped in as I was apartment hunting down the street. One person working there hand delivered my iced coffee and carrot cake and made my stay relaxed. Free refills on iced coffee, in a mason jar which is always awesome to see. The inside isn't the coziest but the coffee and cake were great! Friendly service, good coffee, and the ipad cash register makes check out and giving tips easy. Would  definitely recommend this place. I'll be heading there again for sure.
I need to eat here more times before I can give 5 stars. Also, it's a 3-4 star ambiance, but with really solid food and juices. The guys running it are great. Definitely an asset to the neighborhood. 
I love illy coffee too. Many pluses all around. I hope the neighborhood comes out and supports this place. They are working hard and doing good work to bring a needed cafe to the Avenue.
To start off George is the most friendly person I have met he talked to my son who is five like he knew him for years. I loved the food the first 4 times I went the last 2 were not so good and i took my daughter and she was upset because I raved so much about it and it was such a disappointment. I will try them again its just a fun everybody knows your name type place
Just had a chipotle chicken salad pita and it was delicious! It doesn't look the greatest but the flavors were fantastic!
This restaurant is walking distance to my boyfriend's house, so we had to check it out. It was totally worth it, and before we were even half way through our meals, we both said "Oh, we are definitely coming back!"
He purchased a Chicken Shawarma pita and I ordered Greek Salad. Both portions were large and extremely tasty. The ambiance is a little homemade, but there was a small stage and we want to go back when there is live music. There is a great, but small outdoor space so you can totally enjoy the weather. Overall, very satisfied and definitely a staple in our new neighborhood. Great job Malelani.
Malelani has the most amazing food! The owner George is as friendly as everyone says and his food is out of this world. We ate here right before the lockdown, and I'm not embarrassed to say that I licked my plate clean. Literally, that's how amazing the food was and I don't go around licking plates clean, especially, in public. Really looking forward to my mother's day take out brunch tomorrow.  Bon apetite!
Great homemade food, owner has great customer service. Highly recommend for anyone with food allergies, they can be accommodating.
Amazing fresh platters of vibrant flavors. Lunch will never be the same for me again. If you go, George will take care of you!
Ordered the Falafel platter and inhaled it! Spectacular! My first time here but will definitely return!!
Completely overrated! I tried their takeout for the first time after reading rave reviews on YELP. I got the chicken shawarma pita which was pretty tasteless and there was hair in it. Needless to say I will not be going back
This place is great! We're trying to order out once a week because the food is so great and they give you so much! If you like Greek food or are looking to change it up, definitely order from here!
This place has delicious food! We are addicted to it. What do they do to the eggplant? How is the hummus sooooo smooth? Don't get me started on their homemade desserts! And, the owner is really nice.
I ordered takeout for the first time from Malelani today. When I went in to pick up my order, the staff was very friendly. The food was absolutely mouth watering. I can't wait to go back!
Great food!!!!! It was a different kind of meal for me, but in a good way. The food is very refreshing. A little bit on the expensive side but it's worth every penny. I will be venturing here again. You have to try the Shawarma!
this place is a joke. 

mediocre food/coffee, nonsensical layout, and the 'quirky' staff has no idea what they are doing. oh, and its not even mediterranean food!
Stopped here after having my wisdom teeth removed after not thinking I could eat anything, and ended up getting the Gravlax side with no toppings and original hummus with the tropical smoothie + vegan protein and the AMOUNT OF FLAVOR in just what you see here is immaculate  10/10 will return again. The smoothie is delicious and fresh, some of the best smoked salmon I've ever had and homemade creamy hummus. Don't miss! 

(couldn't help but wait on the photo)
I like to use local businesses as often as possible, and I'm right down the street from this restaurant. It was lunchtime, a hot Friday and I didn't want to cook, so a mediterranean platter sounded good. I figured I'd also pick up moussaka for dinner for my husband. The people are usually nice, that work there, and I know they have a following, especially on the nights live music is played-many people seem to come then. Unfortunately, I go in and the counter area and behind it, is a hot mess-untidy with weird clutter all over the place. Very unappealing and unappetizing and it wasn't even busy.  I ordered the spanikopita for myself, which they didn't have, so they suggested the vegetarian platter. When I looked at the menu that they handed me, it had falafel on it, so I said yes. Two platters cost over $28. I was excited, got home to eat, since I was starving, and I opened my vegetarian platter to find no falafel, no hummus and no olives. It had some greens, cucumber, tomatoes, a bit of roasted eggplant with tahini drizzled over it, roasted peppers, a tiny bit of halloumi cheese and some pita. There were a few cherries on the side as well. I took it back to tell them what was missing (the main protein, among other things) and the guy couldn't even face me, said the menu was wrong, ran behind the counter and said "We don't have hummus, don't make me feel bad" and then said he had no chickpeas for hummus (Acme is right down the street, plenty of chickpeas there-olives and falafel, too). What mediterranean place doesn't have hummus?!? He then added that he puts in his platters, what he has and feeds people well. He spoke matter-of-factly as he continued to walk away from me. It was so bizarre. I was not happy at his treatment of the situation and I walked out shaking my head. I've been there before to eat in the restaurant, and it was nice. In reading some of the more realistic reviews, it seems this place wants to do whatever it wants in any way it wants. There are restaurants like that, but the food better be on point, especially since the price point is not under $10 for lunch. It's inconsistent, to say the least, but they could really make this a real neighborhood destination if they wanted to. I've worked in restaurants most of my life, I get that they want a place for themselves and their friends, but they have to realize there are others around, too. I like that they are normally chill and add a personal touch with their customers, but when you spend $35 (with tip) you need to provide what people are expecting on the menu, or at least let them know what's not available-it shouldn't be most things on the menu. It's a shame they don't get that. Very disappointing:(
Needing a veggie option??? You can't go wrong with Malelani Cafe!!! Not only is the food great, but live music  is on the weekend!!! Come support this local favorite in Mt Airy!
I've driving by this place for years ,but didn't know much about it until this Covid-19 quarantine. I was looking for local restaurants that offered good healthy food and came across Malelani Cafe. I ordered the chicken pita sandwich and it was delicious!!!! I highly recommend it!
