Either I was very wrong in my initial review (circa 2012) or Manayunk Tavern stepped up their game.  I'm willing to admit I might have been wrong, as the Tavern has become one of my usuals in Manayunk!

For a small corner bar, the tavern sure seems to have a lot to offer.  They have drink specials Mon-Fri and a variety of menu choices.  While I haven't taken advantage of all their drink specials, Tuesday night's $5 martinis is a great one.  I especially like their pickle martini.

On the food front, I agree with the reviews highlight their burger options.  I like the Beast.  However, I've found I enjoy a majority of their other menu options as well.  The grilled cheese comes with tomato soup fit for dipping.  The crab cake slides are tasty and rather healthy.  In the mood for something a bit more unique, go with the smoked salmon BLT or their take on a Cuban (served on a long roll which overflows).

Prices are reasonable.  Each entree comes with a pickle slice.  Their is an up charge for subbing standard fries for sweet potato or truffle, but I like their regular fries just fine.  Mix in a relaxing environment with a chill yet friendly staff, and you can probably figure out why Manayunk Tavern is now my go-to on main street.
I didn't know much about this place coming in, but I was really impressed with their burgers! The burger price range, $10-$13, is very reasonable for the quality and portion size, especially since they all come with fries and a pickle wedge. Although they all looked very good, I ended up going with The Beast burger, which is topped with crispy onions, brisket, muenster cheese, and some kind of mayo-based sauce.

The quality of the burger patty was good, and the bun was toasted brioche, which is fancier than I expected. The fries were good - I subbed out regular fries for truffle parmesan fries (I think, for an additional $2-3). Everything tasted delicious and the portion was very filling. The crispy fried onions in The Beast burger added some nice texture, but also made it heavier, so I'd definitely recommend being extra-hungry before eating it. I would love to go back to try some of the other burgers, maybe one of their lighter ones with a beer.
Are those medieval torture devices hanging from the ceiling behind the bar? Nope, they're tavern puzzles! While sipping a fancy peach Sweet Tea drink from a martini glass I was simultaneously trying to maneuver my metal puzzle to unlock the metal ring from the rest of the links and shapes.

Manayunk Tavern was empty inside, my group was able to add chairs to a window seat while fiddling with our puzzles. Our server was attentive and kept our glasses full.  Drinks were a little pricey for HH specials, especially for Manayunk.

They have a $20 minimum per card for splitting a check.
I'm so embarrassed to find out that I've never written a yelp review for the Tavern! I've been coming ever since they opened up years ago. I'm a terrible Yelper, and also a terrible (yet huge!) fan of this business. 

This place would be amazing in any town, let alone in Manayunk. I say that because so much of Manayunk (far from ALL of Manayunk, but still) tries so hard to be trendy and different. Manayunk Tavern is so unpretentious and just serves good food, good service in a perfectly small environment. The only bad thing about this bar is its size - please don't come here with more than 3 friends!

 One of the owners, Jeff (?), is just awesome. He's the guy with the dark hair, the huge smile, and a huge, welcoming attitude. Ask him what to get, and he will not steer you wrong. 

As far as food, nothing has ever steered me wrong. Crab anything is delicious, the wings are awesome, and the bloody mary's are worth walking up or down a Manayunk hill for. Maybe you don't call a bloody mary a food, but trust me, it's what your belly wants. They seem to constantly tweak their menu. I love that they keep the classics, and add in a few new things just to keep you interested. 

It's just a great neighborhood bar with excellent atmosphere. I love that it's not trendy, but not divey. It's nowhere near fancy, and nowhere near gross-y. Perfectly comfortable and with great food. After finishing my review, I started adding it to my super nerdy yelp lists. I love how many lists/niches this bar makes it to. Adult beverages, check! Brunch, check! Happy hour, check! Outdoor dining, check! See, you're certain to love it too.
Happy to update this review with a super awesome dinner experience! It was the first above 70 and sunny day in months so naturally eating outside was a must. We arrived around 6:30 and snagged the last table outside- seems everyone had the same idea! 

Our server was very patient while we Indecisively pondered the drink menu and food. We opted for cocktails and a burger/sandwich! 

I had the bbq burger and substituted for a turkey patty and sweet potato fries- omg they are honestly in my top 3 sweet potato fry list!! Best in this area for sure! 

The SO had the garlic bread French dip which I had thought about ordering as well- the portion was huge and not lacking in gooey cheese and tender meat with a delicious au jus to dip it in! 

The drinks were great and our waitress was attentive without rushing us out of our table- we enjoyed the delicious meal and people watched the Main Street crowds during another round of drinks!
I was moved to write because I have had the WORST restaurant experience in Manayunk this past weekend at the Manayunk Tavern. It was about 2 in the afternoon on a Saturday and we wanted to enjoy the beautiful weather and dine outside. My friend was craving a burger and I remembered that the Tavern has a rumored good burger. We sat down outside right away but it took forever for our server to get to us, forever for her to bring drinks, forever (more) to take our order and then.... over 45 minutes later (after inquiring) we finally got our food. The food was OK - not great - but the service was AWFUL. I don't know the waitresses name but she never asked if we needed anything and was near impossible to flag down. She was rude and unhelpful - one of the worst waitresses I have ever had.  I never ever tip below 20% but it had to be done in this case.

(BTW - I was a server back in my day so I know how much it can suck but this was AWFUL - she never apologized and seemed not to care - and I am pretty sure our food would have been fresher if she brought it more quickly)
I've walked pass this place plenty of times but tonight, we decide to randomly walk Main Street and this was one of the few places still serving food after 11 PM.

Our waitress was sweet but the fries and weak drinks are the reason for three stars. My boyfriend order two shots for us and noticed the bartender mixing it with water. I thought he may have been mistaken so he ordered two more and we watched the bartender do it again. Overall, our mixed drinks weren't that great either so we stuck with water for the rest of the night.

The only thing good the whole night was the Sweet Thai Chilli Wings. DO NOT order the Truffle Fries. Lol the photo speaks for itself. Just sad!
Great place if you're looking for a decent burger.  When I lived in Manayunk, this was my go to spot for a burger.  They also have really cheap yet good drinks.

If you go here, you must try the Tavern Burger!! The wings and ranch are also solid here.
The guy who owns this, Jeff, used to be my fave bartender at Bourbon Blue!  His restaurant is great.   Super laid back with great bar food, awesome specials and great beers on tap.  It doesn't have that college-y vibe that a lot of places in Manayunk have which makes me happy.
The food here is good but the reason for the two stars is our mean, sour puss faced waitress Naomi. She did everything wrong, she never asked if we needed anything, gave us attitude about everything, and we had to wait at least forty five minutes for our appetizer to come out. Bitch needs to get laid! However, the onion rings were bangin.
There are plenty of good places to eat around here. This is not one of them. Example? Garbage bins right next to "fresh food" shed. 

Shudder.
I stumbled in here Friday night on a usual crowded night in Manayunk. It's a tiny place on the corner next to the Bayou. We walked in to a full house but were able to secure two seats at the bar. The bartenders were awesome. Very attentative and friendly. We ordered dinner. I got the grilled cheese w/ crab . It came with a side of tomato soup which was so good, I had them bring me more- the sandwhich though- I was not a fan- it was packed with crab meat but wasn't the lump crab meat that I was hoping for- it tasted kinda fishy and like cheap imitation crab. It was only around $8 I think though So I guess for the amt of crab they packed in, I got what I paid for. Despite that, I'd go back again, it was a cute little place with great staff.
On a street lined with college bars, Manayunk Tavern is a bar for adults.  Whenever I feel the need to act my age on a Friday or Saturday, but still want to go out, the Tavern is a solid option.  It has decent food, friendly and accommodating staff, and a chill environment.  Yes, I've seen it packed, but for the most part it isn't overwhelmed.  While prices aren't too bad, they don't seem to have the specials like other bars in Manayunk.  

Overall, I'd recommend the Tavern, but probably not on a frequent basis.
Decided to go to the Manayunk Tavern after walking by and seeing the food other people were eating at the outdoor seating. We went on a Saturday afternoon and had no issues getting an outdoor seat, which is nice to relax and people watch/enjoy the weather. 

We were in the mood for breakfast and to our surprise they had a breakfast/brunch menu which also included $5 mimosas, manmosas, and bloody marys. I opted for the mimosa and my girlfriend got the bloody mary which she assured me was very good. 

The service was optimal. The waiter was attentive but not annoying as some waiters can be while checking up on you constantly. She happily answered any questions we had with ease. 

I ordered a breakfast burrito and my girlfriend got the breakfast sandwich. The burrito included, eggs, choice of meat, home fries, onions, and sides of sour cream and salsa. All  in all it was very good, it was a good size and all the favors came out very nicely and weren't overpowered by one of the ingredients as some burritos are. My only wish was that it came with a side I could eat as well (like more home fries or something). 

I definitely want to go back to the Tavern again to try out their lunch/dinner menu because I am sure it is all delicious! Will definitely be back soon!
This place is always the best to go on a beautiful, sunny day.  Especially a summer weekend when no one is in town.  Always have an excellent beer list for decent prices.  I was lucky enough to get a special on a Saturday during the day of housemade fried motz.  So good!
They are super dog friendly.  This is 1 of our go to spots in town.
They have few outdoor sittings.
the server was great in this place she took time to explain all the today specials and checking if I needed anything.
I got the shrimp po boy and a cheese salad with shrimp, I personally like the grilled shrimp more than the fried one, the french fries they served with the sandwich weren't crispy enough but I like that they put some thin cut cheese chunks in it.
They have a small menu, there are about twenty main course items and about ten appetizers for you to choose from, but quality over quantity,as always.
A decent burger and fries.

I ordered the ol' smoky. This is basically a normal burger with a chipotle mayo and lettuce/tomato/onion.

The brioche roll is buttery and soft. Very good.

The burger patty itself had too dense of a grind (it lacked crumbliness and had a bit of a grit too it) and, because it was grass-fed, I found it too lean. The portion of the patty was decent. Not anything particularly generous.

Toppings were fresh.
Since this place is wedged between the Bayou/Cactus and Couch Tomato I've often wandered by without venturing in.  Throughout the shutdown this place has remain consistently open so figured I'd give it a try.  My #1 recommendation is opt for the Sweet Potato Fries!!! They stole the show!  Got buffalo chicken fingers as well as a burger. Both were good.  The steak tips were probably the best entree.  Also filled a growler for about $15 which was convenient too!
Food was good. Wide selection and each had creative additions to normally average food. Prices also very reasonable - esp for the city. They have 60 minute on tap (A+). BUT - coming in for lunch on a Sunday was apparently a bad idea. The one waitress for the whole restaurant (it is small) couldn't handle her job. She was awkward, didn't apologize for the horrid service and didn't seem to care we waited nearly an hour for sandwiches and salads. 

I'd come back if I was in a patient "I have all the time in the world" mood. But, in general, that's a rare occasion, so I'm apt to find better service somewhere else.
First off I hate writing bad reviews, I always try to find something good to say about restaurants but the service was just TERRIBLE! First we waited for a seat outside since it was a beautiful night out. The waitress was nice and made sure to keep an eye out for us while we had a drink at the bar. Once we sat down about 15min later she cleaned the table and walked away. We sat for about 10min waiting for her to come back with menus at least but no one ever came. The people around us seemed to get menus and even got to order their food way before us. Finally I got up walked inside and grabbed us menus. After looking them over 20min went by and we finally had to grab the waitress to put our order in... The food took forever to come out. We barely ordered anything too. It was nothing that would even take long to make. The people around us who arrived after us were already done eating by now. By this time I just wanted to leave but no I waited for my food. 

The food was good though which made the experience a little better. If the food was bad I wouldn't even give it two stars. I don't know if it was just an off night for our waitress or the service is always bad here. It wasn't even that crowded and she said the kitchen was backed up which made no sense. Also, the check took forever to get to we had to find someone to get it to us. All I know is I won't be coming back here to eat. I wish it was a better experience because the food was decent but that was really all I can say nice about it.
A fine middle-of-the-road  place to go for a few drinks and some apps.  The bartenders ( who I swear looked like brothers) were chatty and seemed to take interest in their customers while pouring crafts brews and mixing flavored vodka drinks.  

I think the thing that surprised me was how tiny this place is.......no wonder it is always packed during peak hours.  Not the place to go on a Friday night if you are claustrophobic.....but not to shabby on a random Wednesday afternoon.

I recommend ordering the sweet potato fries for a little snack.....they are crispalicious and come with a lip smacking good sweet dipping sauce.
I rarely make it to Manayunk these days and when I do, it's a pretty quick trip before I'm heading back to the city. This past weekend was no exception, I would be remiss if I didn't take a quick minute to write about Manayunk Tavern. 

It all started when my co-worker and walking partner for the Komen 3-Day decided that Saturday was the day that we were going to try out a longer walk in our training. We wanted to be sure that we could clock the extra miles and wouldn't hurt too badly so that we could kick our training into high-gear for the last 2 months before the event. We ultimately decided that a walk to Manayunk would fix that. As we got closer to Manayunk, my friend started having flashbacks to a crab grilled cheese that she had eaten a number of years ago and suddenly we were on a mission to hunt down the grilled cheese and the bar that was turning out such solid options. 

By mile 6.5 we were starving and as we reached the menu it was like the sound of angels singing from the heavens when we realized that we had found the spot with the crab grilled cheese. Immediately after receiving the menus, we started second guessing and looking at all of the other delicious options - ultimately she went with the grilled cheese and I opted for a smoked salmon BLT. Both of us went with the delicious and perfectly salted sweet potato fries with their insane cinnamon honey dipping sauce which rounded out our perfectly sweet/savory brunch choices. My salmon BLT was everything I was hoping for, stacked high with fresh tomatoes and bacon on toasted marble rye bread with a delicious aioli. I can't speak to the grilled cheese except that it looked amazing and she ate the whole thing - so there's that.

Our waitress was attentive without being overwhelming, refilled our waters so much to the point that she made the executive and wise decision to just leave us with our own pitcher (we were really thirsty), and the food was brought out quickly yet perfectly cooked with solid portions and for a really reasonable price. I'd definitely hit this again if I found myself in the area for a brunch.
Manayunk tavern is a go to spot for us to watch sports, specifically soccer. Prices are reasonable, service is excellent, and they have both inside and outside seating options. Every time I've been there the staff goes above and beyond to keep our drinks filled and have some friendly conversation along the way. I definitely recommend the salmon blt if you're eating!
So we wanted different vibe tonight and went to Manyunk! It's been eons and Manyunk Tavern didn't disappoint! We party where we live Center city, Old City, South Philly. 

Glen, are bartender was very welcoming, friendly, and helpful... not just with suggestions for food and drink (which were great) but places that were open we could continue hopping to. 

Clean, great drink selection, friendly  and definitely lives up to the reviews!
A great little spot in Manayunk with a more chill/local vibe. The restaurant is clean with a huge window in the front (perfect for people watching) and there is also outdoor seating. The bartenders are really cool and there is a rotating craft beer selection with some excellent choices. The food is consistent here and always delicious - hands down the best sweet potato fries on Main Street. I also recommend the short rib sandwich if you are looking for a more filling meal that will have you leaving happy and satisfied. I will always be a big fan of Manayunk Tavern!
Visited town for NYE and our hosts brought us here. Would never know they had the best sandwiches around because the place is small and looks more like a bar when passing by. Speaking of which, the drinks were insanely cheap and the service was friendly. Would definitely come back next time.
Super dinner and sooooooooo reasonable! We had spicy chicken sandwich on brioche. It was absolutely delicious and the shoestring fries perfect and crisp. Moscow mule was made to perfection! Well worth seconds and thirds. The staff was amazing and friendly! We are coming back!
Have been here many times with my boyfriend since we live in the area. Every time we come here the food is great, drinks are awesome, service is fast, and prices are nice and low. If you are on Main Street stopping at The Tavern is a must. Writing this as we sit here!
We went in  on a Saturday t to have a beer. The bar tender asked for our IDs and we gave them to him. We were from out of state visiting a friend and he came back and said I can't take your ID, it's fake. It's an Arizona ID When we tried to explain that he could scan it, he said it was broken and we needed to get out. He was very rude and disrespectful. He made us feel stupid and embarrassed.  I asked to speak with his manager and he refused. The bouncer at the door was rude and told us to leave even though he let us in the first place.
 I will never go back. Horrible respect for customers
On an uncharacteristically spontaneous Sunday, I decided to forgo the usual Yelp hunt and just pop into somewhere on main street with outdoor seating.  We only came in for a few beers and an order of wings, the real draw was the sunshine.  Our servers were attentive without being obnoxious, and nice enough to allow us to switch to a sunnier table when the shadows started covering us.  The beer selection was diverse and riddled with many of my favorites, so I can't complain on that front.  

My one major complaint, however, were the wings.  At first bite, I thought I was sold. It was plump, juicy, and the hot sauce was kicking without hurting my skin.  I soon realized the consistency was not the name of the game when it came to the wings.  In the one pound order (which was about 8 wings), there were itsy bitsy ones, REALLY dry ones, and about 2 solid, delicious wings. Two were seriously lacking in the meaty department, and I was sorely disappointed that I peaked too early with my initial wing.

The blue cheese dressing was a little runny for my taste, I like a few more chunks of actual blue cheese, and the celery was skinny, but fresh tasting. Generally, I felt a few things were "lacking." Lacking in meat, lacking in chunks of blue cheese, but loads of beer options.
I really enjoy the tavern.  The food is always good and the service is friendly.  They have a great rotating tap list as well as gluten free beer(yay!).  

My favorite is the sweet potato fries.  They come with sweet cinnamon dipping sauce.  My second favorite is their salads.  All of them as great.  Actual fresh ingredients.

Outdoor seating is top notch.  Best people watching and best place to have a pup.
We stopped in for a few late afternoon drinks and thought the Manayunk Tavern was pretty cool. Most of the time when I walk by, it's totally packed, so it was nice to get a chance to try it out during a slower time. 

The bar was stocked with what seems to be the standard for Manayunk bars: full array of flavored vodkas and a decent selection of craft brews, both on tap and in bottles. I was actually pretty impressed with the beer selection (have I told you how much I love that most bars seem to have great beers these days?). 

The bartenders were really nice and stopped by a few times to chat with us about topics ranging from fishing through the areas where we grew up. Really nice guys.

We got a little hungry and decided to try the sweet potato fries, which were excellent. They were perfectly crispy, and came with a delicious cinnamon dip that was slightly evocative of a more savory version of the Cinnabon topping. You know what I'm talking about. 

All in all, this is a good place to catch a drink and a bite at off times, but I think it gets super packed during prime time.
There isn't too much to say about this place. It was crowded and we ate at the bar. The food took forever. I ordered the ahi tuna appetizer, which was served to me rare, like I had asked, on a bed of completely flavorless risotto. Bummer. The two comrades I was with both ordered the ahi tunawrap, rare. Theirs came out medium-well. Bummer. I urged my boyfriend to send his back and he did. The new one came out immediately, perfectly seared. Our bartender/waiter encouraged us to take the overcooked wrap home anyway. My boyfriend ate it for lunch the next day. 

Two stars, only because they were accommodating. I won't be back.
It's a bit cramped, but they have beer specials every night of the week! The bartender keeps tons of games behind the bar too (ie. brain teasers, connect 4). Make sure to try the Cajun blackened shrimp caesar wrap with sweet potato fries! Your taste buds will feel like they died and went to heaven. I get the same thing every time I'm there.
On a street notoriously known for restaurant turnover, Manayunk Tavern is a warm, established institution in the Manayunk/Roxborough region. 

I stumbled upon this tavern after a long and exhausting day slaving the under currents of the Schuylkill River, a waterway in central and eastern Pennsylvania. Its two tributaries drain parts of the Pocono Mountains in the east and Coal Region in the center of the state. If flows for 135 miles before joining the Delaware River as its largest tributary, in Philadelphia.

By trade, I'm an underwater welder, a profession that not only requires a great deal of specialized training and skill, but courage as well. I wouldn't say I'm brave or anything, but I'm sure someone thinks so. Maybe I'm not. Underwater welding can be very underwhelming, as we say in the industry. But the impact on one's life is everlasting. Currently, I suffer from Vertigo, ear equalization issues, ego deflation, patience loss, second guessing decisions, and erosion of confidence. 

I arrived promptly for Happy Hour. Because I don't make as much money as say, a taxidermist, vape shop owner, or certa-pro painter, so I was hoping my dollars (or as I call them, doll hairs) would take me as far as possible from the memories of my uneventful day. I found myself sitting there, staring at the draft list, harking back to a fonder a time when I was young, full of life, energy, and not alone. My partner, Herb, left me last year for a fellow underwater welder; you see, we're a tight circle, and the various, life threatening projects we undertake force us to weld together in so many ways, and he and I welded well until he and Will welded well. Oh well. 

I decided to go with the special today: $4 Pinnacle mixed drinks. Usually, Pinnacle drinks make me giddy, but help restore some confidence laying in the eroded mash. To mingle, I tend to tickle the under arms of fellow patrons, and I ask bartenders, "Where have all the cowboys gone?" I ask DJs to play Jamiroquai because I love unsealing my "Canned Heat". 

For a meal, I ordered the Classic Wedge without the Mahi Mahi to pair with my Pinnacle Vodka and Cranberry. A fresh squeeze of lime added a refreshing twist that only made me crave a tickle rather than be the tickler. The wedge made me feel slim and ready to slip back into my wet suit. The sounds of "Sunny Came Home" by Shawn Colvin resonated over the speakers much to my delight, and for a moment, I felt happy. I felt...ready...welding...and able. 

I would recommend Manayunk Tavern to anyone who enjoys Shawn Colvin, a good tickle, or those looking to improve their social skills, overcome ego and confidence issues, and imbibe a fresh perfectly balanced Pinnacle Vodka and Cranberry.
Came here Saturday night and was really impressed. Our waitress was really chill and was very helpful in giving her recommendations when my mom was stuck between a few different options. We got the buffalo chicken egg rolls to start which were AMAZING. My mom got the Tuscan chicken sandwich which she liked but wasn't crazy about the aioli on it and I got the Ol' Smokey burger which was one of the best burgers I've ever had. It was cooked perfectly and the sauce on it is just incredible. We stayed and got a few rounds of drinks after which were nice and strong. I got the blueberry lemonade that's on their drink menu and it was perfect for a hot summer night! Definitely will be back.
I've never even noticed the Tavern before, but we stopped in here for some dinner the other night. The place was packed, as it was 9PM on a Friday night, but it wasn't full of the typical college underclassmen. A slightly older crowd seems to frequent the place instead.

We ordered dinner and I was starving for some good old-fashioned fried food, so I ordered the chicken tenders and fries. I absolutely loved the fries-- they were thin, crispy, and good. I got about four chicken tenders, lots of fries, and the perfect amount of honey mustard, all for about $8. Good deal. The beer list was pretty small, but the waiter was really cool and took care of us well.
We came for brunch on Labor Day with our dog so we had a 5min wait to eat outside. Inside however wasn't busy so if you're not dying for fresh air while you eat then there won't be a wait. 

We shared the sweet potato fries which came with a delicious cinnamon dip. New type of dip for me (I'm more of a honey mustard gal) but it was perfect. The fries were thick but crispy, my favorite. 

I had the eggs Benedict and my bf had the breakfast burrito. One of the poached eggs was overlooked and the hollandaise was not my favorite but it was still a decent Benedict. They give you a lot of Canadian bacon which I didn't complain about. 
The bf liked his burrito even though it was quite messy and hard to eat. 

Service was not super attentive as they were busy and seemed understaffed. We were out of water at one point and couldn't flag anyone down. I will say that despite the crowd, the food came out quick. 

Overall, besides the fries, the food was just okay and he service wasn't what I'd call attentive but they are an affordable and quick brunch stop. I'd give them 3.5 stars and I'd try again maybe on a less busy day for lunch/dinner.
Rolls up to this joint about 10:40- and ordered food. The waitress was super awesome- offering upgrades to their basic fries (the truffle fries were YUM!). I got the chicken fingers and truffle fries, my friend got the brisket grilled cheese with sweet potato fries. I got a frozen margarita- it was served in a styrofoam cup- and was large in size. 

The food was good. The sweet potato fries come with a cinnamon dipping sauce. Everything was very tasty. The service was wonderful. Pricing was decent too. Looking to come back at a different hour and enjoy another meal! Definitely want to go back!
We have been to the tavern many times! We love to sit along the busy street outside or inside at the cozy bar. Food is good! Nightly specials. Solid 4 stars! Cheers!
I absolutely love this place. They have a great selection of reasonably priced drinks and bar food. The staff is always really nice and seem to genuinely care about your experience. But what really sets this place apart is the atmosphere and community-vibes, which I really appreciate in a big city. 

Pro tip: get the sweet potato fries and thank me later.
One of our favorite spots in Manayunk to stop and grab a drink, especially if we're hungry for a quick bite. As self proclaimed sweet potato fry connoisseurs, we had to try them here. They are slightly crispy and are delicious on their own or with honey mustard. We also inquired about the hummus of the day, which just so happened to be honey chipotle. I am not exaggerating in saying that this was the best hummus I have ever had. The honey was extremely complimentary of the smoky Chipotle and left me craving more as soon as it was gone. The pitas were crisped to perfection and served warm. 

The bartenders are always super kind, attentive, and have enough knowledge of their extensive beer list to make recommendations based on your preferences. Next time you're in the area looking for a place to people watch with some great food, extensive beer options, and a bunch of local liquors, make sure you stop by Manayunk Tavern.
I used to LOVE this place. Lately however I'm not sure... The beer and the apps are all good, but the selection is pretty small for a pub and its just ehhh. 
I do like going here at night to go out and get drinks. Maybe it deserves more than two starts and I'm being picky because I used to like it so much better... 
The crab grilled cheese and tomato soup sounds awesome but has very little taste, and I can say that about most of the entres. 
Go for apps and drinks and you'll like it a lot but skip the main meals.
Very good food and food drinks. We've had a couple of meals where one or two things weren't quite right, like an undercooked burger or chopped chicken instead of a filet for the chicken sandwich. Great wings, amazing cauliflower app, and even better fries. We love eating outside when the weather is nice.
This is my new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia! Here is why:

1) the food is amazing! The fish tacos were the best I've ever had- perfect amount of sauce and spice
2) the service was amazing. I had an emergency in the middle of my lunch and had to leave/ the waitress boxes everything up for me and met me out front in my car with my credit card
3) Great location 

Did I mention the food was amazing? I can't wait to go back!
Love the buffalo wings at the tavern but this batch was not as crispy as they usually are. But the flavor was still there and great service so 4 stars
Came in for a quick bite and drink. We sat at the bar and Glenn was a great bartender and gave us great service. We ordered a few appetizers and they definitely aren't your average apps. We had the steak tips and firecracker boneless wings. Both of them were made fresh nothing frozen here. They definitely care about their food and what they serve. Great place give it a try.
I work in Manayunk and am used to the mediocre food on main street for lunch. I was pleasantly surprised to see the Tavern open on a weekday and decided to stop in with an a colleague. We were able to sit outside on a nice December day with my dog, and the service was wonderful despite being the only patrons in that exterior location. I tried the portobello sandwich with a side Caesar salad, which was absolutely delightful. I was jealous of my friend's fries, which melted in your mouth and were very flavorful. He enjoyed every bite of the tuscan sandwich which was recommended by the server. We were in and out within 40 minutes and will definitely be back!
Super dinner and sooooooooo reasonable! We had spicy chicken sandwich on brioche. It was absolutely delicious and the shoestring fries perfect and crisp. Moscow mule was made to perfection! Well worth seconds and thirds. The staff was amazing and friendly! We are coming back!

We've been back numerous times since this review and I whole heartedly stand by them still! Love this place
Grilled Cheese - 3/5. Fries were good, cooked well, not enough food for an adult person's meal 

Crab cakes- 1/5 . Would have been nice if it was crunchy on the outside and more crab on the inside 

Side salad 5/5 - mixed greens were so fresh! Amazing side salad. Balsamic dressing kind of weird, but actual salad amazing. 

Chicken fingers: 5/5 large, crispy, honey mustard good too 

Shrimp PO Boy : 5/5 very satisfied w toppings and amount of shrimp. Sauce good (chipotle Mayo) no tails on shrimp :)) 

Fries: 5/5, I personally don't love shoestring fries, but these were really good. Sweet potato fries good also

Pickles: 5/5. Fantastic dill pickle slices 

BBQ burger (I think) 4/5: burger was kind of thin and it wasn't cooked to my liking but the burger all together itself is huge with all of the toppings. 

Service: 5/5 server had frequent visits and they were manned with fly swatters for the lantern flys. Kitchen had an error but server remembered and corrected it immediately, which I thought was fantastic 

Beer selection good 

Outdoor seating only; picnic benches
My fiance and I went here for brunch. We live a few blocks away and were looking for something close and reasonably priced. Manayunk Tavern certainly fit the bill for this, and it exceeded expectations. The service was quick and courteous. The server provided a water bowl for our pup without us even needing to ask. I ordered the corned beef hash, which included poached eggs and tons of flavor. My fiance ordered Eggs Your Way, and her over medium eggs were cooked to perfection (not an easy task as we have found). If you're looking for a fancy brunch spot, this is not the place. However, if you want to go somewhere that serves up a tasty breakfast and gets the basics right (again, for a very reasonable price), I highly recommend Manayunk Tavern. It's a breakfast spot that Leslie Knope and Ron Swanson would be proud of!
My friends and I met up at Manayunk Tavern to hide away from the college crowd that flow freely along main street. The inside of the tavern is pretty small yet could also be considered "cozy" but with the amount of people in the bar that evening...it just seemed too crowded for me. 

The beer list was pretty nice - I had an All Day by Founders (can't go wrong with that) and some other orangey-beer concoction that was also rather delicious. They had different drink specials every night on the week, I believe Fridays were $3 fireball and Saturdays were $3 jamison. 

I didn't get a chance to try their food but I look forward to it the next time I come back!
Visited Manayunk Tavern today after driving past it down Main Street a couple of times and being curious about it. We went around noon on a Saturday and we had no issues being seated. We opted to sit outside at one of the tables they had set up and watch the flow of traffic go past us. It was a nice environment and I really appreciated it being that it was the beginning of the warm season. 

They had a pretty good brunch menu and deals. They had $5 bloody mary's, mimosas, and manmosas. I ordered the bloody mary which came complete with pickles and olives. It had a little bit too much pepper but other than that, it was tasty! I would definitely order it again. My boyfriend got a mimosa for himself because you can never go wrong with one! 

As for food, the menu had a variety of choices for brunch, of course, including breakfast food and regular lunch options. I ordered the breakfast sandwich with ham and pepper jack cheese. It came on the biggest english muffin I've seen in awhile so that was a huge plus. The sandwich overall was delicious too along with the home fries on the side that almost had a sweet taste to them. I definitely want to visit this restaurant again and give some of their other food a try because it was delicious! Highly recommend!
This place meets all your needs for a low key but fun drinking environment.  I have been here late nights for bar hours and have also been several times for their brunch, which have never disappointed me!  The workers are friendly and chill, will answer any questions about menu items and give you great recommendations! 

For brunch, I truly believe they have the BEST Bloody Mary in Manayunk. If you like extra spicy bloodies (which I always prefer) then you won't be disappointed by the Bloody! Absolutely delicious with half a pickle in your drink for snacking, love it when your drink is also an appetizer! 

As for food, I have had the buffalo chicken egg rolls as an appetizer to share. Very generous appetizer, you could easily order it as one of your meals. It is such a great twist on egg rolls and buffalo chicken dip, absolutely delish~

I have also had the fish tacos, crab Benedict, soups, and grilled cheese with braised beef. If it is your first time and you enjoy a good grilled cheese then you won't be disappointed by any of their renditions. Overall, good quality bar food with good vibes. I don't think you can ask for much more from this token place in Manayunk!
