Martha, you are the jam. The menu situation is genius. Don't know what I'm talking about? Well, just pull out your phone and check out martha.menu - there, you will find an updated list of all menu items. No specials, no 86 this and that, just the bites and beverages available for purchase at any given time, straight up. 

The bar itself is funky and chill, the backyard garden even better. It's like being in someone's backyard with its low-key, cute vibe. And, there's bocce ball. Love. 

The hoagies are increds, the pickles are the best I've had in this city (seriously), and the warm spiced nuts are deliciously perfect. 

Way to keep it cool and local, Martha. You're tops in my book.
(to the tune of "Rain on Me" by Lady Gaga)

I never knew what I needed...
a neighborhood spot with a real good vibe.
Never expected a pandemic....
But Martha's outdoor space gets me through it.

It's go radiant heat...
To go drinks, taste so sweet....
I never wanna leave....
I'm ready, SANDWICH ME!

I'll never be hungry when Martha's around...
Sandwich glee glee... 
[Feelin'] Sandwich Glee (glee!)
I'll never be hungry when Martha's around...
Sandwich glee glee... 
[Feelin'] Sandwich Glee (glee!)

This lil' slice of heaven in Kensington/Fishtown has become such a delightful respite over the past year. Their outdoor space has covering, their sandwiches are already cold so no worries about food getting cold, and I LOVE the creative drinks menu. Kind staff, heaters over every table - can't wait to get back inside and cozy up at the bar again!
I love Martha! While I'm sad we can't take advantage of their adorable outdoor patio right now, I'm very happy we can still swing by for takeout. While running errands in the neighborhood last week, we placed an order for a couple sandwiches, the olives, and some beer to-go. There were several other people picking up orders around the same time, which is always good to see. 

The ordering process was easy and included options like sauce on the side, etc. I tried the Al's Toona and it was great! I opted for the sauce on the side and received a dressing, olive tapenade and sliced fresh jalapeños in small containers. This was especially appreciated as I saved half of my sandwich for the next day. The chips and pickles that came along with the sandwich were awesome! My husband got the Gladys, which he enjoyed. The olives were great as well and we enjoyed them as a snack. 

Hopefully we'll be able to dine in again sooner than later but it's great to have Martha to-go in the meantime!
Thinking about a fun Saturday with your niece... reconsider coming here....
unless you want to freeze.  

current*** cdc websire states " Since the CDC recommendation on November 2, 2021, COVID-19 vaccines are now available for individuals age 5 and older."

therefore they will put you're child under 5 years of age, ineligible for a vaccine, outside in the cold because they "can't show a vaccine card"... even if they wanted to...they are not approved to... logical reasoning does not live here. 

save your time and money!!!
One star for having Pizza Boy Sunnyside Up which is one of my favorite beers. 

I came here after ax throwing in the neighborhood (which I highly suggest). I'm not going to assume the poor service that I received was because my friends and I were the only black people in the entire place but...

No one greeted us. No one brought us a menu. I had to go ask for menus and service after 15 minutes of sitting down even though it was not that crowded. When the waitress brought me the wrong beer, I had to explain that it was not what I ordered (which I could tell purely by the color of the beer) and she acted as if I had no idea what I was talking about until another person complained about receiving the wrong beer.  

Overall, this was not a great experience. I felt very unwelcomed and won't be back.
Such a fantastic place to dine! Not sure what the 1 stars are for?! If it was up to me I'd love to sit outside! It's your choice not to get vaccinated and it's their choice to sit you outside, they aren't refusing anyone, just not letting you sit inside. Get over it! Stop making everything about yourself and do better!
My first trip was just during their "soft opening" week.  I'm intrigued by their approach and admit I enjoy that  it's not like the other spots in the area.  I should note, however, this is only a couple blocks from me and the closest bar with food in my neighborhood and Im maybe a little biased as a result.  The worst I can say is the bartender, who was super friendly, wasnt quite as attentive as I'd like.  I expect he didnt want to crowd us but I'd have ordered at least one more drink if he hadn't spent so much time giving us "space".  I expect a lot will be learned in the coming weeks.

The atmosphere looks great though the lighting hanging over the bar, makes it difficult to read the projected menu directly above the bar. . I like the vibe and enjoy what they've done.  The menu is interesting and focusing on "local" but almost by out-sourcing the area gems, like the delicious duck sausage from Pickled Heron, a local byob.  There's also Little Baby's ice-cream as part of a dessert offering.  The only soup was delicious, but that's no surprise as it's from the area's Good Spoon, soupy.  There's lots of local cheese, that looks great and charcuterie from Nick Macri's Ladivisa meats.  Im kinda stoked how they are local-sourcing the menu this way!

The food is good and the drinks too, though my friend was less impressed that all the cocktails are on tap so theyre not mixed on the spot, but poured.  The old fashioned was a bit too sweet but the dad's hat rye cocktail was great.  Im looking forward to more diversity on the menu, as there's 3 hoagie offerings (one that's vegetarian) and a spectacular vegetable section on their menu and then cheese also dessert.  It's very veggie/vegan friendly.  I think I'd like to see something for snacking though, like chips or nuts.  The menu doesn't offer a lot of salty unhealthy things I like and have grown accustomed to having at a bar worth camping out and drinking an evening away in.

Im really looking forward to them getting into a groove and improving in the way that seems inevitable.  I think I'll be spending a LOT of time here, and I'm almost rooting for some snowy days so I can come and enjoy drinking near their fireplace!
They're trying very hard to cultivate a hipster vibe. No menus -- the food choices are projected on the wall kinda like a Power Point, or you can look up the menu on their website using your phone. A DJ was spinning loud brunch jams at 11 a.m. on a Sunday. There's one red lightbulb in the bathroom. Kind of hilarious, sort of like a Portlandia sketch. They are really sending a hardcore hipster message! If you're a hipster I'm sure you'd love Martha. The food was good, but the portions were tiny. Good beer list, though. Even so, I doubt we'll return.
Put your menu on paper and have a staff that isn't "a bit assholeish", you haven't earned it yet.
If you like really shitty service and no menu at your table , come here. The waitress advises you to check your phone online for a menu and gives you an judgy side eye when you're not ready to order. 1 out of 5, never coming back to this place.
As a place I've walked out of without ordering anything more times than I've stayed, I genuinely don't get it.  That one time I actually got decent service?   It was the soft opening.  

I'm sure the staff are all truly good people with valid opinions on a few things, but "we should be dicks to everyone" isn't one of them.  When people come from out of town, I'll sometimes bring them here, sit outside, and wait until they get uncomfortable due to the lack of service before leaving, because shit like that cracks me up.  I also enjoy when my international friends with no roaming service ask me to use my phone so they can figure out what beer they won't ever have the chance to order and I say no, because "TWO FACTOR AUTHENTICATION, YOU'LL STEAL ALL MY BITCOINS."

Kombucha?  So what, I make that shit at home, and all the hip kids have moved on to koji anyway.   Pickles?  Again, big deal.  

Its the kind of place people take pictures to post on instagram instead of actually going to for the food/drink/etc.  Then you'll say something like "being in Fishtown makes me nervous" while complaining about gentrification or some other asinine bullshit.

I have also never seen a single dog in the yard.  If dogs dont like your restaurant, you're probably a dick, because dogs are good judges of character.

(PS:  When houses are selling for 4-500k, it's not hood.)
Wow. Came here so out of our way when visiting. The Uber ride itself from West Philly was around 15 bucks. I can't believe how RUDE the servers were. The service was awful and our drinks were just eh. I had the one with celery shrub... nothing great. I would not come back; the vibe was all couples (not a good place to meet new people) and the fucking service was horrendous.
A bread hoagie one slice of cheese 4slices of ham and a lot of bread mgmt never got back to me about complaint. If that's hipster food . KEEP IT. Grrr
They have a little work to do...

Been there twice and  it's hot as balls, temperature  is way too high for comfort!

Menu has 5 strange categories  relevant to food: 
1. hoagies
2. veggies
3. cheese
4. soup
5. desserts
Why the veggie section?  Seems like it should be a side to accompany an entree, but no entrees on the menu.

Pickle dish was great.

Wine selection is off-putting.  Chester County PA wine for $18 a glass???

Confusing interior design concept.

Visibility of menu is awful.  Cannot see it from any angle.  

Dark dining room is not inviting.  Feels like you walked into an opium den.

Bread storage area is super cool 

Owner is very warm

Bartender Bill - absolutely amazing

So, bottom line:
Dark tapas place with hoagies???
Incredibly rude and illogical. My vaccinated friends and I were turned away because my 6th month old baby girl was unvaccinated (infants are not approved for the vaccine). 

The hipster poser at the door proceeded to tell me that I can sit outside with my infant daughter on their freezing patio with heat lamps in 40 degree weather.

Needless to say, we turned the stroller around. Happy I did not fund an irrational restaurant who discriminates against infants and sends them into the cold.
Went with a group and found this place to be annoying. Space is awesome and beautiful. 

Why are there no menus? You either have to crane your neck to see the board and squint to read it or pull it up on your phone. Paper menus are a thing that has been invented. this place should use them.

What is some of this stuff on the menu? My friends and I are pretty big foodies and we all had no idea what some of the stuff was (especially in drinks). I don't mean this in a good way, I mean it in a "I have zero idea what is even in this drink way"

Pretty limited menu. Some of the beers come in annoying tiny cups. Cheese is interesting,  the sandwiches are great, but everything else is a little weird. It feels like the place is trying to be too hipster and edgy and just kind of overall fails. Decor is on point but food needs work.

Why is there no sign indicating where the bathrooms are? Me and another guest had no clue where they were and tried to open a door leading to the outside. Just label them. 

They have the single most confusing receipts when paying. We were a group and it made absolutely zero sense to us what to do. The waitress apologized and admitted that the receipts were terrible. 

Overall, the space is amazing, but the food and some other things about the experience need some work.
As others have touched on Martha is one of those hip new neighborhood bars that you never see coming until you set foot through the door. Especially if you compare it to how the same hood was less than a decade ago! But once you wander inside you enter a roomy industrial bar that has the perfect bar spot for you whether its grabbing a bar stool and imbibing a HUGE bar top, standing and resting you glass upon a book stacked table as you bask in the crowd with some friends, or relaxing upon a comfortable couch by a lit fireplace.

Another added plus to Martha is their commitment to showcasing cool local foodies during their Martha Monday. When are group arrived for imbibement before the Urban Axes Elite Event, we were treated to free sample of handmade chocolates from chocolatier Kevan Baszczewski. But other Martha Mondays have featured the likes of free pizza from Pizza Brain, and a special cheese class and after sampling party from Bobolink Dairy & Bakehouse.

The menu isn't the most extensive one that you'd find in a bar. But it does come with an eclectic assortment of sandwiches like the Vegan Jawn with carrot terraine, eggplant, and arugula; or the Slammin Salmon with house cured coho salmon, caraway sauerkraut, and a dill & caper aioli. add in veggie options like Masala roasted sweet potatoes with mustard green saag, snacks like chickpea hummus w/ Jamaican curry walnuts, and ALL thes pickles and cheese, and you have plenty of options to split among friends!

Martha has a well rounded draft list that ranges from $3 for a Kenzinger, to $7 for a potent double IPA from Carton, to $12 for a harder to find sour ale from Somerset England. an in a solid wine list, strong cocktails like New New Kenzo and Fireside Old Fashioned, and potent kombuchas for those who are looking to teetotal, and you have the perfect new destination bar for Kenzo/Fishtown.
So impressed. Very sleek looking place. Beer and food was on point. Got this hop hand beer that was out of this world. In regards to food, lots of vegan options :). I had the vegan jawn which was a unique and delicious take on a bahn mi. Staff was cool and welcoming. Certainly appreciated the skate videos playing on the projector as well.
Martha is one of the coolest looking bars in Philly.....period!  It's on a little street right on the border of Kensington and Fishtown.  Its nearest neighbors are Philadelphia Brewing Company, Rowhouse Distillery, and Commonwealth Cider.  That should tell you a lot about it right there.  There are lots of little touches that elevate Martha - like all the fresh cut flowers and cloth napkins and cool eating niches showing films like Johnny Depp 's "Sleepy Hollow."  And I can't forget the charming outside eating and drinking garden replete with bocce court.  There are lots of beers on draught here as well as in bottles.  In fact there is lots of alcohol period and of course the products of its near neighbors are on offer.  The only letdown to me was the sandwich I ordered.  It was the Bologna Jawn with Lancaster beef bologna, kimchi, sesame aioli, pineapple preserves, pickled peppers, and greens.  Sounds great but there was just too much roll and too little of the ingredients for the price.   Philly is a sandwich town and one expects a little more meat, some more greens, hey even some more kimchi so I could actually taste it.  Oh well, I still have to give Martha a 5 star rating for being such a cool addition to the Philly scene!

Tip - There are a lot of vegan dishes on the menu so hang out with your vegan friends here ....
Just adding another 5 star review for a super fun and responsible establishment. Great food, cocktails and draft list. Large outside space, friendly staff, all the good stuff..
Martha Martha Martha! Came here with a group of friends last week. Definitely a unique/hipster environment. There was a silent movie playing on the wall, decor was cool, and the backyard patio was absolutely adorable! I personally don't understand previous reviews of complaining of no menus, our generation is all about saving the environment, right?! Besides the concept and the environment, my 3 star rating comes from my disappointment in the service and the food. Our group sat outside, and were not greeted at all, despite the fact that servers were walking around all around us (keep in mind im very sympathetic to slow service if I can see the wait staff is super busy and busting their butts, but these guys were not). We finally got service when we actually got up from the table and asked. After that, the entire rest of the meal it seemed like we were being treated with an attitude as if we were a burden. The food overall was good, we got the meats and cheeses, pickled vegetable boat, and the cauliflower which was my personal favorite. I had high hopes for the hoagies as well, I ordered the vegan hoagie which I opened and was almost empty! Thank god the bread was good though (thank you pizzeria beddia!) 
Overall I'd probably come back for a beer but not for food.
Rude and pretentious. Don't bother. This isn't a short review, it's as much as I could stand to write about this place as it's as much courtesy as we were displayed by the staff.
Martha is the joint you 'never see coming.'

To start, they did away with the traditional paper menu for projectors, or a couple of tablets floating around the restaurant, or you can find their offerings on your personal device at Martha.menu -- did I see that coming? No. In addition to wines on tap, Martha also serves a number of signature cocktails from a tap -- would have totally missed that! Also, during the spring they serve as one of the fields for Philly's burgeoning Bocce ball scene -- never would have guessed.

Martha has a minimalist menu and knowledgeable staff. Its decor is heavy-wood new americana, modern, and suits the industrial digs which it occupies. I think the funders have done a fine job at letting the show runners tune this operation to its unique setting. It's long way from its Marathon Grill siblings -- didn't see that one coming ;)
Good spot for vegan/vegetarians as well as no-preference visitors. Appreciates nice wide heaters above tables and homie outdoors. Get a Toddie next time you're there, Martha makes a really tasty one! Take it from a person who indulges in ciders and toddies as a yearly thing. I know what Im talking about. 
Great cute spot!
Martha is one cool bar. Whenever I need to be warmed up from this dreary weather, I head over to Martha and sit in front of the fireplace. They do not have a full kitchen and prepare all of their food without heat, meaning hoagies, pickles, and cheese plates - All done very well. The customer service has always been great. 

All drinks are on draft and they highlight local breweries, distilleries, wineries/vinyards, and kombucha. If you are outside enjoying the weather and playing bocce ball, you can view the menu at martha.menu . 

Follow their instagram for their weekly events and happy hours. Every Monday Happy Hour they pair up with a local business to provide drink specials and tastings.
My New find!
Friendy people, Awsome space and great vegetarian options... My husband enjoyed the Italian hoagie, made with fresh ingredients.

I tried the pickle boat I will give a 5 start but the Bbq grilled cauliflower is out of this world awesome. 

I will come to try more...
Fun time! Really great cocktails and a good cheeseboard. Waitress was really friendly. A hipster vibe, but we showed up when it was pretty dead.

Appreciate all the heaters in the cold. The courtyard is so comfortable. Would come here again with a group or even solo.

Loved my Sidekick cocktail. Recommend!
During this COVID time I have been hesitant to try out new places but I am glad I took a stab at trying Martha's. Their selection is based heavily on sandwiches. Being a vegetarian I was very happy to see that they had a few choices for me. I was also happy that I could please my meat eating family. 

I ordered take out even though they have a very cute outdoor dining area. It's an off street patio which is very nice considering a lot places have you dining inches away from passing cars. The pick up process was easy and since we ordered from their website, we got a text when the food was ready for pick up.

I ended up opting for the Tofu Banh Mi and the broccoli side. The banh mi had a hefty piece of tofu, fresh veggies, and a delicious sauce. I also didn't realize that each sandwich was paired with chips and pickles. The broccoli was also very tasty. It was warm with a nice char and sprinkled with cashews. I think the sauce, broc, and shews tasted great together. I split the sandwich and the brocolli with my husband for a light dinner. If you want to be full, I suggest each party order their own sandwich. 

Can't wait for an excuse to come back to Martha's and try their other vegetarian sandwich!
Martha could probably pickle a tire and I'd be into it. My husband and I had our wedding reception here in late 2019. We live in the neighborhood and it's one of our absolutely favorite spots. Delicious hoagies, an excellent beer list, natural wines and creative cocktails. Definitely check them out! They have handled the past year exquisitely and we didn't hesitate to patronize for carry out when they were closed to the public as they made their safety practices well known. Personal delivery from our fave bartenders and even the owner a few times was a nice familiar feeling during such an isolating time. I appreciate that they've continued taking extra steps to keep their patrons safe. I will always love Martha!
We're huge fans of this local institution!!

Martha shines for its gourmet hoagies and local drink menu. Perhaps most spectacular however are the pickles and ferments grown in their garden! The garden doubles as a beautiful outdoor seating area, a haven in the times of Covid and non-Covid alike. 

Make sure to bring a smartphone - their menu is online-only at martha.menu
Tried this overblown hoagie joint place twice. Service sucks, and they are somehow pretentious about it. I my most recent misadventure here just ended. I waited by the bar for 5 minutes as I watched hipster after hipster get served , after waiting patiently, I said "Excuse me!" The bartender looked at me and said "There's no need for that. I'll get to you when I get to you."

Want a hoagie and a beer? Go to Wawa and the 6 pack shop, you'll be in better company.
I really enjoyed Martha. We came in for some drinks and light snacks. They had some good options for the beer drinkers and the liquor drinkers in our group. The music was pretty relaxed and interesting during our day trip.  It was winter when I came, but I'm looking forward to the courtyard now that the weather is warmer. 

I tasted some sort of savory waffle thing that was pretty good and I think we got some pickled bullshit on a plate that I also liked. I look forward to coming back again soon.

The online menu thing is a little odd. I suppose it makes sense to keep everything updated. They should put some QR codes on coasters so that you can scan them as an easy link to the menu. Typing in a bar is for suckers. 

Sucker.
Cute little neighborhood bar tucked away in Fishtown. The menu here changes all the time and is posted via projector on the walls. They have an extensive drink menu, but the food menu is not very large. The hoagies seem to be the most popular. While they do have many vegan and gluten-free options, there were no entrees that were gluten-free as is. Luckily, they were able to make one of the salads without gluten for me.

For dessert, we had the chocolate mousse, which was GF and vegan and it was to die for! So delicious...I want the recipe!

Aside from having more GF options, I found the lights in the bathroom to be very dark (one was blue, the other red). One bathroom did have a changing table in it, which I thought was excellent, especially considering the amount of babies that were there. However, perhaps in that facility, using regular light would be a better idea. I am not a parent, but I can't imagine changing a kid's diaper practically in the dark. 

Definitely hit this place up if you're in the area.
I went to Martha today for a meet up, and I was very disappointed in my experience. Based on other yelp reviews, it seemed like this place would either be a hit or miss. Today was a huge miss. I appreciate that the menu was paperless, and you could pull up the menu on your phone or look at the projectors on the screen. We had a group of 12 of us, and it took a while for the server to take our food order. I believe I had been there for about an hour before our food order was taken. When the food came out, it came out sporadically. I thought this might be because we had a large group and in order to ensure all food was hot. I ordered the breakfast tacos and I substituted eggs for the tofu scramble, which came with a side of fingerling potatoes. When my food came out, it was actually cold. The portions were very small. There were 4 potatoes on my plate. This was consistent across the group. Three woman ordered coffee; 2 had cold coffee come out and 1 had half a cup come out. Additionally, one woman had a sprinkle of egg on her breakfast sandwich. 

The women who didn't order off the brunch section of the menu, actually had good looking food with decent portions. 

I would advise this place to not serve brunch, because they aren't good at it.

I won't be returning.
Got to try three sandwiches from Martha- The Vegan Jawn, the Martha Mi, and the Syd Vicious

The seeded rolls they came on were super fresh, a good texture, and made it super flavorful. The veggies on top of each were fresh and crunchy. All in all. they were a little smaller than I expected, but each one had a distinct pro and con.

For the vegan sandwich, the thin sliced carrot was flavored well, but there wasn't much flavor to the actual bread or the rest of the sandwich. 

For the Martha Mi, again, the sauce and flavors didn't quite come through. The tofu on the sandwich was also devoid of much texture or flavor, and the bit of BBQ sauce didn't come through in every bite. 
 
But can I PLEASE tell you about the SYD? Buffalo chicken, lots of texture and flavor, spicy spicy ailoi and I even added a long hot for a punch. It was the chicken sandwich I never knew I needed. 

Would ask to customize the sandwiches, I think salt and pepper and a little more sauce would go a long way for the sandos.
Visiting from out of town and needed a vegan-friendly lunch spot where my young picky-eater could also find something she likes - and Martha's delivered on all counts! 

It was rainy and windy when we stopped in, but we still wanted to sit outside in their beautiful, covered eating area. It was peaceful and quiet, despite being in the middle of Fishtown at noon. Our waiter was friendly and efficient, and the food was generously portioned and absolutely delicious. 

Sister and I got Thai spring salads and cleaned our plates. The mix of greens, cilantro, nuts and dressing made it the perfect summer meal. My daughter got one of the biggest hoagies I've ever seen - delicious sesame bread, stuffed with Turkey (little dry for my tastes, but the kid enjoyed it). And between the three of us we split the cheese plate - a melt-in-your-mouth havarti, sharp white cheddar and smoky mild yellow one that we couldn't identify. None of them lasted long. And neither did the bread or jams )a sweet berry and a jalapeño berry) that came with the tray.

We'll definitely be stopping here again - would love to try more of their salads and appetizers! You really could have a filling meal from apps alone!
Holy Jesus, what is with the attitude?? Good food, great interior, strong beer menu. But holy cow you guys kill it for yourselves with the holier-than-thou waitresses and the apathetic bartenders. Seriously guys, this is philly, not Manhattan. Get a grip.
The decor alone in this location earns 5 stars. Bonus that the drink menu is broad enough to truly offer someone for everyone, and I like the projected menu concept- makes it easy to read from multiple places in the room when the lighting is just right :) We only got snack foods, but the spiced nuts were warm, clearly done in house, and nicely seasoned. Service is fantastic!
Marlena is so personable and an amazing bartender. So attentive to everyone's needs. And always with a smile on her face
First time in tonight, for our anniversary, and everything was top notch! Comfortable, uncomplicated and unpretentious interior with wonderful ambience. The music was appropriate, upbeat and chill and at the perfect volume to maintain conversation at the table. Our server was excellent; both attentive and friendly without trying to be our bestie. 

The food -- phenomenal! We enjoyed several amazingly savory veggies like the pickle boat (with outstanding squash kimchi, pickled carrots, snap peas and beets). We sampled cheese, and the BBQ'd cauliflower with roasted eggplant and barley salad. I had a profoundly fresh and delicious cucumber gazpacho. A perfect use of seasonal veggies with a delightfully zesty vinegar finish, it brought me back to the wonderful way in which my grandmother would make use of cukes, toms & onions from our garden in the summer. My other half plowed thru his ham hoagie and enjoyed an incredible Kensington Old Fashioned cocktail. 

Sated, we asked for the check and were delighted that the staff came back and comped us an absurdly divine dessert made with vinegar custard with fresh whipped cream and a coffee almond crunch topping that totally hit the spot. Such a genuinely generous way to honor our milestone, and a memorable finish to an extraordinary inaugural visit to this local Philly eatery & bar. We'll definitely be back!
Martha is a shining example of the great food and drink joints that have recently opened in this area of the city. 

Located on the corner of a residential street, the space itself is cozy and full of character, while at the same time the high ceilings and loft give it a modern, open and airy feel. I am a huge fan of the dim lighting and wood burning fire place, but I do realize this may not be for everyone (I had no trouble reading the menu on the screen from where I was sitting, and did not experience any smoke-outs from the fire). 

The food is so so so good. Especially the pickled vegetables. What I expected to be tasty run-of-the-mill pickled veggies turned out to be something I continued to crave for days after. Each element in the dish has its own unique vinegar bite- some vegetables were sweet, some salty, some spicy. I was especially a fan of the kimchee. 

My dining partner and I also ordered the cheese board which was equally as fun to eat. The board came with a few compotes/honey/nuts, and our waitress went as far as to let us know which cheeses would pair best with which accompaniments, and which combinations the kitchen suggested to avoid. This brings me to the service- it seemed that there was no designated waitress per table, but rather a team effort from the whole staff. I appreciate this style of service because it is typically more attentive. There was always someone available to answer our questions and put more drink/food orders in.

We ordered the chocolate peanut butter truffles with jam and potato chips for dessert. I was intrigued by the potato chip element and I must say, it made the whole dish.   

Drinks were great, but I prefer cocktails that are mixed on the spot as opposed to barrel cocktails. Still a really neat idea though. 

Overall, Martha is a must-try and I can't wait to come back!
Food is OK but overpriced. There are other bars with better atmosphere.
Allergy sufferers beware: currently in hospital with my friend as she suffers an allergic reaction after eating here. Dish did not contain nuts, but clearly they don't worry about cross contamination. 
When we called they insisted it can't be from their food. Terrible service.
I'll admit it.   I didn't want to like Martha. I feared it was too trendy and hipster, basically everything I can't stand.  My wife and I are basically degenerate alcoholics and are tired of the local bars, so we somehow ventured over to Martha. 

First off, the manager, John, is sincerely the nicest guy I have ever met in my life.  He's everything you could want in a GM.  

The staff was totally attentive with zero pretensions.  Rare for Fishtown anymore.  The build out is awesome, it's unlike any bar around.  

They have an extensive beer selection.  The pickled veggies and hoagies were so good. Seriously, good. I need to get back there and eat again when I'm not half shot in the ass.  

All I'll say is, if you're tired of all the gastropub bullshit, just give Martha a shot.  I don't think you'll be disappointed
We went to Martha for brunch as they were dog friendly and we had a pup with us. Be sure to bring your phone with you as you have to go onto their website for the menu. When the food arrived it was cold. Two of us at the table ordered the Nordic breakfast and the bread and eggs were cold and the smoked salmon tasted fishy. Two others in our party ordered the tacos and said they were good however was served cold. Not sure if we will be back for food.
I came here due to the reviews and they did not disappoint. Great sexy vibe, amazing soundtrack playing throughout my experience (trip-hop mainly) and super friendly staff. A great selection of vegetarian/vegan-friendly foods plus an extensive drink menu. Looking forward to returning during warmer weather and sitting outside at some point, but the loft was an excellent vibe for me and my friend.
Nice environment but not worth the price. Average tasting food with very small portions. Pickled vegetables was not good.
The menu is awful. The food was seasoned cardboard. I didn't drink so I can't speak to that. The place is decently designed and aesthetically pleasing but the food is absolutely terrible. None of us liked any of the four dishes we had.
I was skeptical prior to coming here when I saw the place only boasted hoagies and charcuterie. I for whatever reason thought it was gonna be an underwhelming hole in the wall. In fact, it really surprised me!

Inside is super low-lit and trendy and they utilized the space really well. (Think garage converted into an open-concept Brooklyn hipster hangout with ornate furniture). Pretty dope.

Great place to come in groups, as all the food is mad cheap and tapas style, so splittable and varied. We had roughly 10-12 or so people and snagged a corner booth. 

I will say the lack of physical, paper menus is a little annoying. We were told by our server that we had to visit their mobile website to view the food menu. Strange. The beer/wine/cocktail list is MASSIVE and displayed on a screen above the bar. I panicked and ordered a $12 sour. Woops! While the food is cheap, they kinda get you on those drinks. But they're all super unique and local, so I didn't mind.

For food, we ordered several apps for groups of 2 to 3, since we couldn't all agree on the same things (great for when you have meat-eaters and vegans in the same group!). Our corner of the table got the perky turkey hoagie, roasted broccoli side and whipped ricotta. There may have been a few other items passed around, like the hummus and the carrots, etc. Everything was very fresh and tasty (that whipped ricotta was bomb), but the broccoli was so spicy it was practically inedible. (My fault for not seeing that it had Sriracha).

Our server was okay. She seemed put off by our large group and probably assumed the worst as far as paying goes so was pretty dismissive and condescending the whole time, but when the bill came we handed her one single credit card and her mood shifted. She thanked us over and over for that. Which is nice and all, but congeniality from the start would have been a nice welcome, rather than just at the end of the meal

Overall, the bill for all those people with multiple rounds of drinks and food only came to $200-some (I think), which isn't bad at all. I'm not clamoring to come back for the food (a little TOO birdlike IMHO), but the atmosphere is definitely making me want to return for some beers.
Better late than never with this much deserved review. This past fall, my sister and her friend were struggling to find just the right bar for their joint birthday party. That's where Martha and I came in. 

Realizing it would provide the perfect blend of a fun scene without being an immediate post college hullabaloo, I sprung into action and asked them what they had for a semi-private party. Their upstairs, loft-style mezzanine was the *perfect* space for about 20-30 people coming and going throughout the evening (with anywhere from 18-22 people there at any one time). It felt full without feeling crowded, was cool to overlook the rest of the bar, and their food packages were exceedingly reasonable and delicious, the set up was excellent, and they expertly and neatly packed up all the remaining food, allowing me to eat like a king for the next few days. It was also a pleasure working with the manager and their staff - they were friendly, professional, and attentive. 

All told, it was a great experience and I'd highly recommend considering them for all manner of fun events.
Was excited to visit Martha- we're not from the  Fishtown area, but always like exploring interesting new places to eat. The decor here is really neat, and the beer choices substanative. We were disapointed in our food, though- Just kind of "meh". The veg quiche was a particular letdown. One plus- we did not feel at all rushed.
We have been to Martha many times. It has the greatest selection of local/ artisanal beers, wines and spirits that I've ever seen. It's a warm and very welcoming space and crowd, with interesting art. I especially like the bison head and black light jester. The vegan food selection is incredible, from the jawn and the veggie dishes (we usually get them all and share, since it's impossible to pick a favorite) to the amazing house-made pickles. Locally-made soups and desserts are also excellent.  We try to go to as many of Martha's special beer and wine events as we can because they feature creative food, local and unusual drinks, and we always learn something new!  Hanging out by the fireplace or the bocce court is relaxing and there are always interesting people to chat with!  Tremendous!
Excellent new local pub. More than simple bar snacks. Great beer selection. Food outsourced from local favorites (good spoon, reanimator, Kensington Quarters). Comfortable decor complete with a fireplace. Another great addition to the neighborhood.
Best bar in Fishtown/Kensington. Bill is great. Vegan heaven. Fantastic cocktails. Great ambiance.  Not expensive. Don't pass this place up.
What's the hype about?  My experience here was very unimpressive.  From the pretentious waitress to the mediocre sandwich, I was confused as to why this place was rated.  So many other great, friendly places to go in this neighborhood.  So disappointed.  Won't be coming back.
So...Ive been wanting to try Martha for sometime but always kind of forget its there...tucked away over on the "other side" of Frankford Ave. I was put off a little by the server just not even informing us about the menu ...not being printed...got our drinks and came back asking if I was ready....which I wasn't .... because I didnt know I had to look up the menu on my phone. (Suggestion: have a tablet handy for guests who dobt have a smart phone)

I ordered all the meats for charcuterie...all the cheeses for a cheese board...a salad with peas...fennel...micro greens and onions
and a roasted heirloom tomato and squash salad. Alllllll....were ok....nothing special. The up side was the cost. If I had paid more I would have been mad but ...dinner for 2 with wine was 68.00
The wine ...a rosetta...a new "orange" wine was corked....tasted like port and had broken cork in it but still was served to us. Train your servers to 1. Intro duce themselves...ask about drinks and inform guests about the menu situation....2. If your guests dont have a phone ...provide a cheap tablet you can get at Walmart. 3. Take order and enjoy
High accolades for my first visit. At first I was kind of "meh," but I gave myself a moment to take it all in and COMMENCE BLOWN MIND. Firstly, there's a pickle boat. And just asking for a pickle boat was far more pleasant than I ever could have imagined. There's Kombucha, wonderful, wonderful beer. It's a true ode to fermentation. I had a very good glass of red followed up by a yummy imperial stout. Nearly everything is local & I really dig that as well. The menu is a little esoteric, but the selection is very inviting. I enjoyed the ambiance as well. Black light anything is a proven crowd pleaser. But the big sell was (wait for it in a way only Sylvester Stallone can) the complete & utter perfection in functionality. This is literally masturbatory material for restaurant professionals. The walk in is behind the bar, taps are on the wall, kitchen is on wheels. Literally- it's 
able to be wheeled out of the way- for deliveries, cleaning, flood waters, demons, whatever. Holy shit- why didn't I think of this?!???!!!  I'm excited to try this spot again. I have a feeling it won't disappoint.
One of the best spots to have a drink with friends in Philadelphia!

1: The Cozy/relaxing atmosphere and welcoming staff are perfectly in tune with a local Hooch Hound's psyche. 
2: Jonny and "Bartender Billy" each have a knack for turning any situation into the perfect pairing of local spirits and a vegetarian/vegan or otherwise hoagie. (Joe Beddia of Pizzeria Beddia is making the bread for Martha's sandwiches and hoagies!)
3: Must stop shop for anyone into Local beer / spirits / food.
4: My challenge to anyone is to call over Jonny and ask him to educate you on "Sour beer." I promise you neither novice nor seasoned vet will not be disappointed by either his knowledge or tremendous beard.
5: Those 25 ish taps behind the bar are not all delicious beer... included are wine, cocktails and non-alcoholic drinks (kombucha) ON TAP!!!!!!!!!!!
6. Follow @marthakensington on IG to see upcoming releases / events. Well maintained artsy account. Have had Oxbow and Vault in the house for private events!

In conclusion: The staff at Martha are doing God's work spreading the gospel of local drinking and eating. Must try place with must meet staff.

Drinks: A+
Food: A+
Ambiance: A++ (Backyard patio area is a sleeper pick for spring.)
People: A+
I've been here a few times - its nice to have options in the neighborhood and this place ads to the mix - the space is lovely a really nice renovation of an existing garage. Everything else is OK - service could be better, pours could be longer (i mean i'd like a glass of wine not a sip), and the portions could be a bit more for the price. The cheese plate almost looked like it was just left over smears on a board - nothing here is really a meal - more a kid sized snack. Sorry that's not a "hoagie", it's a finger sandwich. Also, I can't stand the refusal to print  menus - I don't want to log on my phone to see the menu, it's annoying, and the board is not always easy to see or read depending on where you are sitting.
Was in town visiting a friend. We stumbled upon this place, such a great crowd. We sat upstairs on the couch, just a great place to go with friends for a fun night. Not too pricey, music is a little loud, but fun good music. Got the pickles, squash and parsnips. So delicious. Will def be back when I am back in town.
Went here last night with my girlfriend for a unique dining experience, and I would say Martha delivers. We walked into the place, and I liked the casual and intimate atmosphere it had.  I do no mind the dark/moody lighting of a place and feel it adds to the relaxed nature of the bar. Our waitress was totally awesome  and was good on answering any questions about the menu. She would also have some fun banter with us and made us really feel welcomed. 

The food was pretty awesome to say the least, and decently priced. I like the idea of tapas style dining and being able to try everything. The pork and duck pate was freakin' heavenly, the goat and tribly were delicious (especially the goat because I love strong cheeses), and the beets were delicious and had that nice spicy chocolate feel. The Italian hoagie was pretty amazing! The roll had a great crunch to it and the meats were so fresh! I also love their beer selection and you are bound to find a good craft brew.

This is a place I would highly recommend if you are looking for somewhere different to eat that does not have the usual bar fare. I imagine this would turn a few people off, but I think if you gave it a shot then you might enjoy it. I do hope to return here for a drink and some nosh!
Delicious everything, refreshingly new take on the local food and drink spot. High ceilings, cozy but not stuffy, it's a great place to meet up & chat over drinks.
This is a neighborhood mainstay for me. Their food is, admittedly, a little pretentious for a neighborhood bar, but damn, is it delicious. The pickles are always great, and I salivate like one of Pavlov's dogs at the very idea of their Italian hoagie. Fun fact: I don't like Italian hoagies as a rule, but I LOVE this one. I also had some incredible borscht last night. Their beer selection is always on point. Their bartenders never fail with a cocktail. The service is always good. Their indoor and outdoor seating areas are both great. Bonus: there's always some nice, quiet event on Monday evenings--usually a cheese/meat/liquor tasting of some sort. Totally free, and they pass around snacks too. If you're in the area, this is the bar to hit.
I went to Martha's with a group of 7 friends to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday after throwing axes at UrbanAxe which is conveniently located about a block away. The restaurant is beautiful inside and the outside patio is perfect during nice weather. They even have an official bocce ball court in the back. The patio is great for groups and they were able to seat our party without advanced notice.

Despite the great atmosphere we left feeling disappointed about the food (which detracted a star from my review). The hoagies (which my friends ordered) are shorter than normal and much skinnier because they were skimpy with the meat and cheese. This isn't the size of the typical pizza shop or WaWa hoagie. We questioned the server in advance about the size of the hoagie and how filling they are but she immediately became defensive and lied to us when we pressed further. Since I'm gluten intolerant they were able to do a hoagie on lettuce instead of bread which was very appreciative. The beer menu was composed of a good selection of microbrews but don't expect to order common beers like Yuengling or Budweiser because they aren't on the menu.

I dropped a second star because of service. The server had a bad attitude and was overly sarcastic. She seemed rather pissed off and snarky. We did not appreciate this attitude and it was the worst part of our experience. She should seriously consider a career outside of hospitality because it doesn't seem to be a good fit with her personality.
Great space. I do wish their menu was on paper for us visually impaired and maybe their dinner menu could be a little bigger but love the local aspect of the menu and really great space.
Dined here for the first time last night and absolutely loved it!!! The entire atmosphere was inviting and the the food was even better. Our server, Sydney, was super friendly. I loved her!! She recommended the hummus and the "vegan jawn."
Everything was top notch. Definitely will return. Highly recommend!
This place is awesome. 

It's a great space that's big, open, and industrial chic. The bar tenders were very friendly, there's an excellent beer selection, and good cocktails.

The food is prepared in an open kitchen that you can see. They have artisan meat and cheese boards and the bar tenders are knowledgable of the product and are happy to tell you all about it. The pizza is pretty good also. 

I'll be coming back here for sure. I can't wait to work my way through their menu.
Amazing service and food. Also complimentary wild turkey cocktails for thanksgiving eve.  Can't wait to come back!
Love Martha's and the cool vibe. It's a great staple in the Fishtown/Kensington neighborhood.
We loved Martha! Delicious pickled veggies, we got the green beans - they were crispy and delightful. Hoagies were great too - the Sid Vicious Buffalo chicken was just spicy enough, and came with yummy salt and vinegar chips. Best of all- the mezcal flight was amazing. The whole meal was delicious and economical. The environment outside next to fire pits was warm and lovely. Highly recommend
Oh Martha why :( the food is still delish but these price raises are so rude. Ex) $10 for the sunflower hummus when it was $9 last week...hummus was $6 in June folks. It's like we've jumped years into the future with this inflation. I understand there's been an ownership change but it hurts. I used to bring people here bragging about my fav restaurant & the reasonable prices, how they made me feel at home -like I too w my measly salary could join in on the fun. Additionally, what was so unique about the place were the rotating specials & appetizers (also reasonably priced) & they *just* added new specials after months. Martha was so cool, now like every other yuppy joint. *rant*
Review for drinks/bar area only, as I haven't eaten here.

Neat space, though the projector menus can be hard to read. A bit echo-y when the crowd is small.

Service was acceptable if not exceptional.

The garden area is awesome, cozy and casual and unpretentious.
I've been going to Martha for years but definitely doing everything I can to support them now during this very difficult time. Their subs are always so creative and fresh. The sunflower hummus was delicious. Super, small menu and beer list, but everything is well thought out and done. Lots of pickled things. I've always loved the vibe of this place and what it brings to the neighborhood. Customer for life!
Visited Martha's last weekend with some friends. They have a great outdoor area set up where tables are socially distant from each other. Plenty of heaters too! The benches we sat on had heaters, there was one above the table and the propane tank at the end of the table for extra warmth. The food was out of this world delicious. The bread for the sandwiches were amazing. Definitely will be visiting again.
First time here and I'd definitely come back! The atmosphere was extremely chill and laid back with an outside patio and really nice seating inside with good music. Our waiter was very attentive, which I always appreciate. The drinks, the hummus with bread, and the spiced nuts were good! The only reason I give this place 4 stars is because they don't have lights in the bathroom :(
I have irrationally avoided this place like the plague. I have no idea why, but I just did not want to like Martha. Despite these thoughts, I decided to pop in on a "Martha Monday" and was blown away. First off, the place is beautiful inside. The atmosphere is laid back, dark and sexy as hell. The cocktail I ordered, a special concoction featuring New Liberty Malt whiskey was delicious, as was the hoagie waffle, which was highly recommended by the bartender. The beer selection was top notch and all of the food looked delicious. I will definitely be back.
Probably my favorite bar. I like it when it's quiet on a weeknight and I can sit by the fireplace and play records. I like it when it's busy on the weekends and it's filled with my kind of people. 

The beers, wines, and drinks are all predominantly local and/or naturally fermented; cocktails and foods gesture local ingredients. A lot of great care comes from sourcing excellent ingredients.
We recently had a post-nuptial celebration event at Martha's after being rescheduled 3 times, thanks to covid.  The event coordinator and some crew had changed from when we initially planned the party, but the new event planner (Keren) stepped in and made everything so nice and stress-free for us! Everyone there was so easy and pleasant to work with, and they handled their first larger event in the space post-vaccine this year extremely well. They really made our day special and we couldn't ask for anything more!  Also...the lavender spritz's were a huge hit with all of the guests.
Fantastic bar, serving excellent vegetarian fare. Every drink I've gotten here has been stellar, and there is a neighborhood feel to it as well. I've gone to a couple of local events too, including a philadelphia film festival event in which there was Q&A and movie recommendations, and you got to speak to some of the volunteers. A gem of an institution in Philly.
I'm an ICU RN who works full time at a major hospital. I worked continuously through Covid and still do caring for both infected and non infected critically ill patients. I did get vaccinated. However, it will be a cold day in hell before I will share my medical records with an establishment that I would patronize with my hard earned money. Not only do I continue to care for you and your loved ones when critically ill but I also did long before the was an available vaccine no matter what your vaccine status is. Would not recommend this place to anyone.
Lovely neighborhood restaurant/bar for me. The vibe here is very chill.  The menu can be accessed on screens above or by going to: martha.menu
Great wine and beer lists. Find special drink/food features on Instagram @marthakensington. 
I always enjoy the fresh food (great sandwiches!) and amazing cocktails. The servers and chefs are also very friendly, welcoming and professional. 
Check them out! I hope you enjoy Martha as much as I do.
Loved it! Came for dinner with a friend. Really liked the laid back vibe and un-rushed service. We ordered a cheese plate, a salad, a tomato hoagie, cookies and drinks. My Lavender Spritz was delicious, and they had an excellent selection of beers. I thought the food was tasty. Atmosphere on the back patio is excellent!
I like the Sammie but it is a but for ten bucks? Eh. I love the decor and the outside area but the past couple times we've been the waitress has yelled at us about not serving outside in a real "you're not welcome tone." So...yeah service is hit or miss.
Truly, who would come here twice?  The rude waitstaff and horrible, expensive food are astonishing!  Give your money to a restaurant that wants it.  Autograt on a 2 top when she never came back to the table? Insanity.
MARTHA MARTHA MARTHA

a short poem

or is it marsha?
she was in the brady bunch
well, i love martha
Love this place!! Super chill & great selection of booze & food. Have been here about three times and every time it has been a great experience. I am definitely doing my best to work my way down the menu. It has such a great amazing amount of things for seriously EVERYONE. Vegetarian & vegan options galore. I personally have had the Italian hoagie (that spicy spread tho - noms), a charcuterie board, jerk spiced sweet potatoes with coconut rice (ummm, to die for), some kind of savory waffle jawn (we ordered the tomato pie but ended up getting served this but it was a beautiful mistake) & the spicy noodle soup- tasty but not something I would order again- just my own personal tastebuds. 

Our favorite drink is hands down the slow boil (basically their version of a hot toddy) especially during these cold nights. It's just super good and goes down very smooth- love the orange rind with the cloves in them. The old fashioned is good as well. 

The ambiance is real chill- pretty dimly lit. Bartenders are super chill as well & friendly. I haven't been out to the patio section but I'm sure it's great when the sun is out & shining. 

Can't wait to come back & try more fewds!!
This is a review for the OLD VEGAN JAWN. It's simply the best vegan hoagie on this planet and needs to make a return!! If it ain't broke don't fix it!
