Craving some hot ramen on an unseasonably cold spring day, Megumi (which I had bookmarked for awhile now) absolutely hit the spot...especially after frolicking outside at Franklin Sqaure Park down the road. Which by the way mamas, Chinatown & FSP always go hand in hand so well. Park once and walk to both! Best way to do it! 

Five types of ramen to choose from including a vegetarian option, which without the egg is indeed vegan. I was so happy to see this! I opted for the non-spicy broth because I was sharing with the kiddos. It was very flavorful and absolutely packed with fresh veggies, meaty mushrooms, scallions, perfectly soft and generous amounts of noodles and bean sprouts, I personally would've ordered mine with a bit more kick. A little chili oil and it was just perfect! A huge, filling bowl! Big enough for me and my two little to split although next time I may just get my own, have leftovers and go for spicy! Yum! 

Hubs went with the jigoku ramen with homemade ,spicy sauce with chicken broth,spinach,menma,black mushroom,nori and egg and beef. Said it was a solid 4.5/5. 

We also split the avocado salad with a nice portion of fresh, perfectly sliced avocado on-top of greens with a delicious chunky ginger dressing which tasted like it had a bit of citrus. Crisp and light! 

Excited to come back when the fam can't agree on ramen or sushi! Love having both options! There were also a few apps that sounded temping such as the corn curry croquets and the tofu. 

They offer lunch specials: 2 rolls for $7.95 abs 3 for $11.95. Served with soup or salad. M-F till 3:30. 

We were served by Michelle, the owner herself. She was very kind and our plates came out remarkably quickly. Great service!
A great ramen spot, and a wonderful addition to the 900 block of Race Street! I visited Megumi on a rainy Friday (perfect ramen weather!), and my dining companion and I were initially told that it would be about 20 minutes for a table of two. However, we spotted two seats at the bar that were right next to the cash register, and we were able to persuade the hostess that we wouldn't mind the traffic around the area, so we were seated almost immediately. 

I ordered the shio pork ramen, a pork broth, with medium cooked ramen noodles, and my friend ordered the jigoku pork ramen, a spicy pork broth, also with medium cooked ramen noodles. Our food arrived within 10 minutes, and the portions were very generous. The noodles were cooked perfectly, and the broth was very flavorful without being too salty. Both bowls of ramen also included half a soft boiled egg at no additional cost! For less than $15 each including tip and tax, it was a tasty meal, and I'll definitely be back for more!
Came here for ramen and some sushi. I thought the ramen was good and the sushi was not bad. Thought the sushi was a little warm for my liking- I ordered a hand roll of yellow snapper and scallions. I once had a JB roll with salmon w/ scallions and it is a fresh taste that makes it taste clean and fragrant without being over spiced or herbed. 6 small rolls with wasabi and ginger but I think a truly good roll should be able to taste fresh and bright with little wasabi/supplemental soy sauce to aid it. 

Ramen was good- I had the Shio ramen. Noodles were not too overcooked or undercooked. It didn't have a rubbery taste. The broth was well brewed and flavors were thick and authentic. Order a shio if you're not wanting a broth too heavy or oily- Tonkatsu, for those who are new to ramen, is the most rich and oily. The shio came with the half medium boiled egg with some pickled bamboo and 3 pork slices. Pork was interesting to me- it didn't have that marbled slice meat- it felt more ham-spam like in consistency- tasted like pork but didn't feel like pork. Otherwise, this ramen is definitely worth getting. 

Inside was charming with red and black and decorated very much like a sushi bar but does it without feeling gaudy or forced a a place that is red/black may be.
Nataly N and I checked out Megumi this past weekend.  I hadn't heard much about it and know of a certain other ramen place around the corner that is tops in Chinatown (and maybe the city).  Having to bring their 'A' game, Megumi delivered.

Besides offering 4 types of ramen, Megumi has a full sushi line.  We figured ordering a standard roll on top of our ramen would probably leave us in a good spot (foodwise).  The tuna & avocado roll was basic but impressive.  They did not cheap out on the fresh tuna!

For ramen, I went with the Shio while Nataly N ordered the Miso.  The ramen was loaded with pork, mushrooms, sprouts, scallions, nori, and half a marinated egg.  Typically I've seen items like the egg come at additional charge, but not at Megumi.  You also have your choice of how you'd like the noodles cook (hard, middle, soft), which I don't typically see at ramen places.

The favor profile of the Shio was solid.  Together with how loaded it was, I left feeling that other ramen place around the corner has some competition.  While I'm not ready to crown a new ramen king, Megumi should make things interesting as they come along!
This block of Chinatown just got stronger as a destination for cold winter days! I had seen some favorable reviews and was definitely not disappointed. 

They've redesigned the interior and it looks nothing like the previous establishment - more dim and cozy. Michael F. and I stopped in on a perfect day for ramen - one of the bomb cyclone weekend days. 

We started out with a tuna and avocado roll ($5.50 for 6 pieces). While I'm rarely blown away by maki rolls, these ones were delicious! Not only were they huge - filled with lots of tuna - but they also had a great rice-to-filling ratio. Apparently there are lunch specials on these rolls that I'd say are definitely worth checking out!

Following the strong starter, I went with miso ramen, which came with a nice variety of toppings: 4 pieces of pork, marinated bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms, bean sprouts, scallions, nori sheets, AND marinated boiled egg at no additional charge. The broth was rich with flavor (only slightly on the salty side) and the noodles were cooked to a perfect texture. 

Considering the food quality and overall experience, the price was more than reasonable. Service was good overall. I would definitely come back to try more sushi and ramen.
As a place that is newer and competing with a ramen shop that dominates competition, this restaurant still has its charm with great food.

The place itself is very clean and serene. It is not crowded and therefore the service is quick. Very quick. Within minutes of ordering, we recieved our food and the attention we got was great with prompt service.

The food itself was surprising. To be honest, I was not expecting much from their ramen. But I was pleasantly surprised with their spicy miso ramen. The flavor and texture of the broth was on par with some of the better ramen places in California. The noodles were chewy and seemed to be made fresh. Most of all, I felt like I was getting my value with plenty of noodles. I also ordered their sushi but it wasnt anything special, the main spotlight was on the ramen.

I think this place deserves more recognition. Being in the shadows of a great ramen shop next door, it may be overlooked. But if ones hunger is calling out to them and not willing to wait 20-30 mins, this place is a great alternative that will not leave you disappointed.
When the bowl is placed in front of you, you must first observe the ramen, for she is delicate to the eyes. Then you must sip from the broth to gauge the depth of flavor BEFORE adding any additional spices. ramen broth is said to be born of the chefs emotion and food journey with no two broths ever the same. 

This place is new and I hesitate to even write this review because I want to keep this my lil neighborhood secret but the only way to ensure that they will be around for my slurping pleasure is to share with the world their amazing ness!! 

The best damn porky goodness broth in this city. I promise you. Go stuff your bellies with it, pour that whizz all over yourself, roll around in it and smile the smile that we all know that happens when you are in food nirvana. 

Not even kidding. 

The apps are okay.
2500-miles away from home, it was cold and my buddy and I were craving a bowl of hot ramen.  We checked Yelp, read some reviews, ordered an Uber and, ended up at Megumi's. 

Location is in Chinatown.  Glad we Uber because parking is a challenge.  Walked in about 40-minutes to closing and restaurant was empty.  First thing the greeter asked was, "how fast can you eat?"  I actually thought it was funny, although, some of you may take offense.

Got straight to business and ordered their Miso Ramen and Gyoza.  Unfortunately, there is no beer but, boba.  What?  Boba at a ramen shop?  I started to get this weird vibe.

Gyoza arrives and honestly, it looked like fried frozen Gyoza.  There was nothing special about the Gyoza - at all.  Next, the ramen comes out and frankly, I was disappointed.  The pork broth was light on taste. The chashu was thin and, the egg was a little cold.

Overall, it was average at best.
Megumi is a fairly standard no-frills Japanese spot here in Chinatown. My friends and I were wandering around the area during our conference and decided to swing by since we love Japanese and are suckers for a good lunch deal.

While known for their ramen, I decided to try one of their sushi lunch specials instead- three rolls from a selected menu for $11.95. My set of three included the shrimp tempura, alaskan, and yellowtail rolls. Sorry, not a fan of cream cheese so even when in Philly, no namesake roll for me. The rolls that I did have were surprisingly good and fresh. I especially enjoyed my shrimp tempura and didn't think the fried batter overpowered the roll at all.

I was able to have a taste of my friend's shoyu based veggie ramen and I was digging the flavors and abundance of vegetables. I'd say that if you are looking for one item here, stick with the ramen as that's likely the real winner here.

One thing I'd like to point out though is the confusion with their lunch specials. They have a small section on the menu for "Lunch Bentou Box" but it only applied to their chicken teriyaki set, despite having some sushi and tonkatsu lunch deals underneath. Be careful as the later two will not come with soup or salad like the teriyaki chicken bentou would.

Overall, I thought that Megumi was good for some great Japanese lunch deals.
Haven't had ramen in such a long time so we stopped her on a snowy day because it's the appropriate food to eat when it's cold!! We ordered shrimp buns as an appetizer which was alright, not much flavor. I ordered miso ramen with chicken instead of pork, the chicken was cold and had no flavor at all. I ended up not eating it. Next time I would just order straight up vegetarian ramen.
Ramen spots are hard to find, even in Chinatown. However you won't be disappointed  with megumi, unless you're a ramen expert.

Must try: any ramen
Meh: pork buns
Missed: pork katsu bowls

My friends and I were feeling the urge to partake in a warm bowl of brothy ramen after multiple nor'easters have wrecked havoc on our mic placed spring mood. While race street is a few blocks past the initial concentration of Chinatown eateries, megumi is worth the exploration. As for food, I tried the spicy ramen with pork. The portion was respectable for a ramen joint and the noodles were perfectly balanced in terms of chewiness and al dente. You can definitely taste the complexity of the broth, although this is compromised with the sharpness of the fatty pork as it cuts through the complexity like a greasy knife.

As for the non ramen items, I only took a bite of the pork bun and I wasn't impressed with the cool doughy wrap and the mayo dressing. It's unique for sure, but I can't say I loved it.

Overall, this was an above average ramen shop, and I are fly recommend checking it out.
We were going to terakawa but it was wayyy too packed and there was a long line for it so we went back and saw this new ramen place that used to be Naoki but I tried Naoki once and it was terrible so we decided to give this new place a try. It was less crowded since they're new but the interior was very nice and spacey. Their menu was relatively small, mainly sushi and 4 ramen options. I opted for the spicy one, my friends tried Shoyu and miso. The noodles were nice and chewy and the egg was just perfect. I used to love Nom Nom ramens soft boiled eggs but they messed up the last time I was there and terakawa makes the soft boiled eggs around so I was so happy that the soft boiled eggs were gooey and perfect on the inside. We also tried the tofu appetizer which was pretty good and refreshing. The servers were really nice and friendly  and came to our table multiple times to see if everything was okay. So first impression was good. I'd probably go here more than terakawa since it's not as packed and stuffy. We were being all extra with the flash light, but the presentation was nice.
Ooo yum! My friends and I ordered chicken teriyaki, pork buns, vegetable gyoza, and a few rolls. 

The teriyaki came out piping hot served in a stone bowl. It was the perfect balance of sweet, succulent, and savory. Our pork buns were pillowy and tender. Sushi rolls = fresh and light tasting. I really enjoy sushi that is delicate and not too heavy on rice or sauces. Success. 

Megumi's ambience was enjoyable. A simply designed, comfortable, cute restaurant. 

Would recommend.
Walked in at 8:30 on a Saturday night, and we were immediately seated!

We both ordered jigoku ramen considering we like spice and were so pleased with it. The broth was flavorful and salty. The noodles and the egg were prepared well. Also, the spice level was spot on - potent but not overwhelming. I personally thought the portion was huge, and it's the best value ramen I've had in the city for $11.

Only negative for me is I felt the ramen selection was a tad limited. The sushi menu is huge though. My boyfriend had an eel hand roll and enjoyed it, so maybe we'd try more of the sushi next time!
Charming restaurant in Chinatown. Service was excellent drinks were always replaced and water glasses always filled. Food was delicious and delivered quickly. The spicy ramen with pork was absolutely melt in your mouth delicious. Wife ordered some sushi rolls, snow mountain being our favorite. Finished off the meal with some bubble tea which was fun and refreshing. Definitely recommend this place for some ramen and sushi for a nice date night.
This is one of my favorite ramen spots. They servers there were friendly and even though they were really busy but they still attended to us when they could.

 Their ramen is not too salty at all like the other places. They can also customize the ramen if you don't like it too salty. The broth was really flavorful. And the noodle was cook just right. (You can also let them know if u want it softer or harder as well) we got the pork with shoyu ramen. It was really good. I would highly recommend this to others. We also got the sushi lunch special. The sushi was portioned just right and they didn't make it super small just because it was lunch special. 

Overall I would say I will definitely recommend this place and come back in the future.
Got their ramen combo. Very decently priced and good quality food. The black shoyu ramen and the jigoku ramen are both pretty good. Very salty, but that's ramen guess.
A New Neighborhood Favorite

The family and I wanted to try a new place. Believe it or not, we heard from a friend that this place was just average but the Yelp reviews had it different so we gave it a shot. 

Suffice it to say...this has got to be one of our new go to places. The ramen is great and the protein they give is generous compared to other places. It's definitely better than almost all the other ramen places I've tried in the city.

The sushi is also great as well. It's reasonably priced and they give you generous amounts of protein in your roll. We've been here three times in the last two weeks now and I have to say that everything we've gotten has been good, if not great. 

I remember the ramen we get is Megumi Ramen since it's the namesake. I don't remember the sushi items we've gotten, though. 

The service is also great - 2 out of 3 times we ordered, we called back about one minute after hanging up to change one item (yes, we're the worst...) and they were really nice about it. 

A new go to spot and we couldn't be happier. I wish they were busier, even during this pandemic. There are some places with lines during dinner time in Chinatown - this should be one of them.
So impressed.  This Ramen was on Point.  The drinks were great.  My friend from Taiwan loved it, so I got to make her happy.  But also.  Now I know where to run into when I'm downtown and hungry.  If you've seen my Hawaii Ramen review, this one is better.  I loved it.  So so good. You know when your having Thanksgiving and your tastebuds argue with your stomach, about how much you can eat.... its like that.  Because it's perfect, it's fresh.  All the senses are happy....   I'm going back.
Since this particular store location has changed multiple times as a ramen restaurant, I wanted to see how this version compares to its previous attempts. The interior design has gotten a nice touch up now that it's also a sushi bar. I ordered the shio ramen and was promptly served tea and the entree. In terms of the ramen, it was a satisfying, standard bowl of ramen. The broth had an almost completely rich, deep flavor to it. The meat, while definitely not the most tender, had it's fatty and less fatty portions. However, it was a tad cold and was not properly reheated. The noodles, when eaten with a spoonful of soup, had plentiful taste but on it's own, it had not yet absorbed the flavors in the soup. Overall, I was happy with the meal and would definitely come back for any future, quick ramen cravings.
Megumi is a modern addition to Chinatown that reminds me of an Asian fusion joint. It feels more directed toward the younger crowd I'd say, and is great for meeting up for business even. 

The price for ramen and sushi were what I expected, and there are some nice specials on there as well. I ended up getting a tuna and salmon lover which were good for the craving and pretty. Not leaving with a stomach ache was also a good sign (I'm looking at you Aki). My friend got the veggie ramen and enjoyed it as well. I'd say the star here is the ramen or special rolls and not so much standard sushi rolls/sashimi. 

One weird thing is my other friend got a unagidon but it was more of a deconstructed eel roll then an eel bowl. He didn't mind though. 

Some other nice things about Megumi is that they have a daily special on the blackboard and if you pay in cash it's 10% off the bill. I'll have to come back again to try their pork ramen.
Meat ramens were too meaty tasting. Tasted like I was drinking chicken noodle soup. Vegetable ramen was amazing! The broth is vegetarian but you could never tell. I HIGHLY recommend asking for less salty. I didn't do this and the server had to refill my glass of water 4 times. Also tried the tempura appetizer which was good but they brought our appetizer right after serving our ramen so it got cold. Also tried the Japanese fried chicken special which was massively disappointing. Dry and not crispy. Would definitely recommend this restaurant for lunch in Chinatown.
Great place to eat in Chinatown. The service was nice as soon as we walked in. The sushi or raw fish comes in a nice showing plate. Overall the food was good and would come again. Although they ain't got any male workers , it's cool females be popping too
Went here with my husband and baby on a Saturday afternoon. The interior is nice and clean. The menu is simple, ramen, sushi, and some bubble tea.  We order the bbq squid for appetizers, I had the tonkotsu ramen and my husband had the spicy one which I forgot the name of it. The squid is flavorful, just wish there's a little more on the size. The ramen soup base is good, portion size is perfect for me. I would recommend this ramen place.
Decent ramen place. Wait staff was friendly. Comfortable seating.
I like that you have the option for soft, medium, or hard noodles.
Shio and miso ramen was good. The shio broth was better. A lighter broth with lots of flavor. The miso broth was just too salty. It was dark and complex like a miso brother should be, but I wouldn't get past the saltiness. Nice runny hard boiled egg. Noodles were cooked perfectly at medium. Fatty, thin sliced pork as delicious.
Good portion for the price.
Overall, I decent ramen place worth another try.
Came here for lunch on a whim with some colleagues. We sampled the shio ramen (pork broth) and miso, both spicy and non, some with chicken and some with pork belly. Both of the meats were tender and delicious. Nice balanced broth, spicy with a good amount of chili oil. Standard toppings: kikurage mushrooms, half egg, bamboo, and green onion. Service was great with frequent refills of hot green tea.
Megumi is the newest kid on the block in terms of ramen.  It's literally around the corner from Terakawa, which I'd say is the favored ramen place around Chinatown.  The odds are somewhat against Megumi in that it is replacing a prior ramen place (Naoki Ramen I believe was the name) in that exact same location, which obviously closed down.

Megumi has a much bigger space than Terakawa, so it stands to benefit from the overflow Terakawa will surely have.  Unfortunately, Megumi has no ramen options for vegetarians.  All the ramens are pork broth based.  That isn't a problem for me, but it obviously leaves out those who are vegetarians or just don't eat pork.  I got the miso chicken ramen but was a little wary of it having a huge salt load, as is often the case with ramen.  (I want the ramen but not the salt overload but the line between them is thin)  Happily, they were able to serve me one that was flavorful but didn't leave me gulping for water after the meal.  The menu doesn't give you the option of adding extras the way Yamitsuki does and there's just a single size of ramen. I did feel like the amount of noodles I got was pretty plentiful and the waitress came several times to check on me.

Megumi does serve sushi, like Yamitsuki, so I guess your vegetarian friends can order that since ramen won't be an option due to the pork-based broth.  I'd come back here if I wanted to avoid the wait at Terakawa 
or get a ramen that I find less salty than what I can get at the other ramen counterparts in Chinatown.
The inside of Megumi is very nicely laid out.  The narrow dining area gives you a great vantage point of the open kitchen, watching the chefs load noodles into water and pour out plenty of broth.  We only had the ramen, so I can't comment on the sushi (although the sushi bar looked nicely stocked).  

I ordered the spicy ramen with chicken, which had a solid spice level (not for those who like medium).  The ingredients were tasty, although the chicken was somewhat dry and plain (likely from sitting in hot broth and over cooking a bit).  The broth itself was decent, but there was not much flavor beyond the spice level.  That being said, I finished the whole thing.  The noodles were properly cooked and tasty.

The service was fantastic.  They were always refilling water and asked us the appropriate # of times if we needed anything.
We finally made it to Philly and wanted to try out their ramen since this place received good reviews.  Since I noticed the chef to be from Japan, i figured this place should be authentic and worth checking out. My husband and I ordered sappora golden miso ramen and Shiyo ramen with pork fried rice. I ordered low sodium broth but the broth still came out pretty salty. I didn't find anything special about the ramen.  It was pretty standard compared to other ramen places. Overall, I give this place just an ok rating.
I'm a strong believer that Philly is in dire need of some more ramen places. I came to Megumi after craving ramen for far too long. I had already tried Terakawa, but wanted something different (and with a shorter wait, let's be honest). Megumi is very close to Terakawa and I think it's a decent alternative to Terakawa. 

The service was efficient and quick. Nothing for me to complain about. I was quickly seated (thank god for no wait). I ordered the Jigoku Pork Ramen. The price is pretty good and the portions are quite big! The broth was nice, thick, and fatty. They adhered to the noodles quite well. The broth had a little kick, but it mellowed out and it didn't overwhelm me. I don't like when the spiciness of something takes away from the flavor. I was worried that this would be the case, and it wasn't. The egg was a 10/10. I'm particular about my egg, and it was soft-boiled to perfection. The noodles had a nice chew to them. I thought this was a decent bowl of ramen. I don't think it was quite good as Terakawa's but I'm okay with that. I could tell that they put a lot of thought in their bowl of ramen and I enjoyed it!
Megumi Japanese Ramen and Sushi Bar:
I had their tomato ramen and eel avocado roll, both which I felt was delicious. The tomato base was thick and savory. Felt it paired interestingly well with their chewy ramen noodles and slices of soft, fatty pork. The flavored egg was yolky, smooth, and salty. The bowl contained a deceiving amount of noodle in it in that there was much more than I expected! They were generous with the amount of avocado in their eel avocado roll. Very hearty, filling meal! Service was very fast!

Interior: very clean, wooden Japanese interior with red lanterns. Not crowded, quiet, and good service. Can sit at a booth, table, or around the sushi bar. 

If you check in on yelp and like them on Facebook, you get a free scoop of ice-cream. I got red bean ice-cream, but did not like the texture. Felt as if the ice-cream had melted and was refrozen as it was very icy instead of creamy.
I really like their special sushi rolls here. They are delicious! One of my favorite is their yummy roll. The lobster tempura in it is A+. I just wish sushi in general was more affordable because I would eat it all the time. In the mean time, sushi will have to be an occasional treat!
@NommingNomad approved!

Like many others, my go to spot for ramen in China town was always Terakawa, but it is always so crowded and sometimes you just don't feel like waiting. It was one of those days that I stumbled upon Megumi with a friend. We were welcomed and seated immediately on a Friday night. There were a lot of options in the extensive menu,  but we were both set on getting some ramen. 

Our waitress was very friendly and helpful and answered all our questions. She also recommended getting the vegetable ramen but making is spicy for my friend. For me, she said that they had a new visiting chef who taught them how to make green noodles with veggies. This item was off the menu and I jumped on the chance to try it. 

I find that some veggie ramen options are not as flavorful, but this bowl was very tasty with a deeply flavored broth and the noodles were perfectly cooked and the texture was very pleasant. I finished my whole bowl. Very yummy indeed and I would recommend this spot for some great ramen.
I saw many great Yelp reviews and decided to try their ramen on a weekday lunchtime. They have nice decor compared to other Chinatown establishments, but I have mixed feeling about their ramen.

My dining companion and I ordered miso pork ramen and shio chicken ramen, respectively. The shio broth was delicious and not too salty and the ramen texture was chewy in a good way. However, the chicken was dry and the vegetables were not the same as their menu (menu said it came with spinach and but we got preserved bamboo shoots and sliced black fungus). Furthermore, there was thing detail that I felt suspicious, I smelled a hint of preservatives from my ramen bowl. It was light and like formalin, probably from the preserved bamboo shoots. I didn't like the smell but felt it was too trivial to bring it up.

Overall, I feel underwhelmed, probably Megumi wasn't its best version on that day. The price is slightly cheaper than regular ramen restaurants in Philly, though.
After seeing the many glowing reviews this place has received I decided to give them a chance. Megumi has exceeded every expectation I've had. I've been to Ramen shops in Japan and all over Chinatown Philly and lemme tell you that this place is legit. Megumi really brings their A game with big bold flavors, high quality Ramen and impressive broths that you can tell were made with much love and care. I had a miso Ramen with no meat (ugh lent) and my gf had the Jigoku with no meat as well. The miso had an amazing flavor and the pork aspect of the broth didn't overpower it. The Jigoku was wonderfully porky and just the right of spice to make you sweat but want more. We had a few other samplings such as the shrimp buns, corn croquettes and eel roll and they all knocked it out of the park! I shall return because this place was too good to only come once!
Megumi is a nice new ramen spot in town. I tried it with my friend and had a good time. The service was fair during a busy dinner time and, so was the price. In total, I think the bill ended up being less than $20. For that price, I ordered the shoyu ramen with a salmon roll. All of the dishes were pretty solid and good. 

I would be down to come back here again with some friends and catch up. The space is fair but I imagine it can be hella packed during lunch and dinner times. 

Overall: 4 (Rounded)
Food: 4
Service: 3
Price: 4
Atmosphere: 4
It was a cold breezy night. Our favorite noodle bar was crowded yet again. They tell us its a 40 min wait. So we went outside looking for some bubble tea but instead came across this gem instead. Their sushi is delicious! One of the employees said they get their fish fresh every day from a market. I got a philly roll and pork ramen. Mr. Got a tempura roll and pork ramen. Both meals were delish!Granted the philly roll didnt have any fish but it was still amazing. All the ingredients taste fresh. This place gets 5 stars!
I wholeheartedly welcome a new ramen shop in town, and a great quality one at that!

We tried the shio ramen with pork and jigoku ramen with chicken. Both had very flavorful broths, perfectly cooked noodles, meat and egg. The shio ramen had a very good meaty umami broth in particular.

Will definitely try the sushi next time we're back here!
The food was okay.
The waiter was annoying,keep coming but didn't even talk...

The place in the other hand is pretty nice
Everything seems new and great setting.

Bathroom is pretty clean and nice.

But the ramen compare to the other vendors around is pretty bland. 

I just didn't want to wait in line at Terakawa because it was bitter cold outside 

The sushi it's pretty small portions 
Comparing to Bubblefish (8)
They give only six pieces for salmon avocado roll

Will i be back? 
Not sure! Maybe not.
Came here twice - one for ramen, one for lunch special. 
For the ramen, the broth is not as thick and tasty as the Japanese ramen next door, but it's great if you are looking for something light. The noodle itself is just not chewy as I expected. To me, it's more like Chinese noodle with pork broth. 
For the sushi, I've only tried lunch special, which is $8 for any 2 hand rolls. The price is reasonable, but the quality of the food is just ok. For the price, you have to be fair and adjust your expectation. 
The restaurant is located in center of Chinatown, very convenient location. The service is great comparing to many other restaurants in Chinatown. The space is spacious, so if I'm really craving for ramen but have to wait in line next door, I might come back to this restaurant.
The environment was uncomfortable for the entire meal. They ran out of Tuna and charged for anything and everything you needed to make the meal taste better. Granite it was clearly a slow night, we should have stuck with our go to places for dinner rather than venturing of the norm. I won't be shocked if they remove the Sushi from the menu altogether in the future. The ramen was actually good. But the lack of service, the not so freshness of the food, and over charging...we won't be back. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. Just get it all someplace else.
This is more of a comparison between Terakawa and Megumi ramen since I've been a loyal customer of Terakawa and hopefully, this will help those that were curious. 

Overall, I would give Terakawa 5 stars so I feel obligated to give Megumi a 4.8 since both are very comparable. 
Pros: no wait, way more variety on the menu, very kid friendly and spacious

Cons: no open kitchen experience (if people actually care about that), NO GARLIC as a condiment on the table (how could you not have this!!!)

Comparison: the ramen are similar in term of flavorful, right level of spice and ratio of ramen, meat, veggies to broth. However, execution is slightly different for the meat. The pork belly at Terakawa is a thinner cut with melt in your mouth texture for the fat while the pork belly at Megumi is a different rounded cut with an al-dente texture to the meat, skin and fat of the pork belly. Personally, I like both. It's like choosing between a fois gras mousse and grilled fois gras 

In summary, if both are open, I might go to Terakawa for the loud, hustle ambiance or go to Megumi for a calmer relaxing meal if I have a baby with me. If there's a wait at Terakawa, I would not hesitate to stop by next door.
3.5 / 4 stars

I didn't order from their sushi / sashimi menu so my review will be regarding the ramen and some apps I ordered. I ordered the Jigoku ramen with pork, roast pork don, and corn croquettes.

The ramen is mildly spicy with a bright red broth. It was good but not 5 star for me. I prefer the mayu ramen at Terakawa. Another thing to note is that they only had like maybe around 5 ramen on their menu, which I think is pretty limited. M

The roast pork don was really tasty! We even ordered two more to go so we can eat it for lunch the next day. It's something I'd enjoy for lunch but not as a dinner.

The corn croquettes were good but I was confused because the menu said (curry) in parentheses next to corn croquette but there was no curry that came with it?? 

Overall the price range is pricier than Terakawa and Terakawa has a bigger selection of ramen.

Perhaps Megumi is good for sushi (way bigger selection available) than ramen but for ramen alone, this place is really 3.5 stars.

I am giving them 4 stars though because I like their roast pork don and I would come back to order only that, to go, but not often because I still think it's overpriced at $8 for what it is (mostly rice with like five or so very thin slivers of pork). Tastes good though + I prefer a higher rice to meat ratio anyway so I would try it again despite price. Most people who prefer rice to meat ratio to be equal might find it a rip off. I wouldn't dine in again or get ramen.
Ramen always made me think of instant soup you can buy in a grocery store for 99 cents. That was a primary reason why I always stayed away from it. It wasn't until I watched a documentary on Netflix where an American living in Japan received the highest award for making the best Ramen when I got interested in it. My goal for today was to have Pho but unfortunately my regular place was closed for the summer that is how I came across this restaurant. Entire vibe in this place was quite pleasant at first. Music was enjoyable, decor stylish, dimmed lighting. Unfortunately, that Zen experience was ruined when bunch of screaming kids entered with their parents. On top of that staff seated them next to me when entire place was nearly empty. Bad call in my opinion which costs one star in my rating. Besides that, service was good. I ordered Jigoku Ramen which was spicy. I am no ramen expert therefore all I can say is that it was good. I also ordered Japanese pork dumplings which were delicious but could be a little bigger. This place has a nice selection of sushi rolls which will be tried next time when I come here.
I came to this new place with my friends. I was happy that we got to sit right away. Doesn't need to wait long. I was hoping to order some bento box. Too bad it was only lunch time. Not much of hot food selection. Mostly  So I ordered jigoku chicken ramen n pan fired chicken  gyoza. 
Sadly I was disappointed with the food. First they made mistake with my ramen soup order. I asked for chicken but gave me pork instead  same thing with my dumpling... I was hungry so I told the waitress is ok. When I took my first bit of the ramen, I don't really like it. Since the word "ramen" are part of the business name. I was expecting to taste some handmade hand pulled noddles.  Not it wasn't a hand pulled noodles but, wasn't fully cook yet. It tasted more like a instant noodles bag from the supermarket. My ramen comes with a dry seaweed, scallions, bean-sprouts, bamboo shoots, three sliced of porks n half of boiled egg. My soup base wasn't as spicy as people say it was. I found it to be a bit funny why they named it jigoku ramen. I found out the the word "jigoku" means HELL, when I do the translation. My soup was just the right amount of spicy to me. I didn't ask for little spicy at all. Unfortunately I wasn't able to really taste the soup base. I'm not sure is it because of the spice that overpowered it or they missing some of the ingredients.
Now for my pan fry pork gyoza. I don't really get to enjoy it. It wasn't pan fry to the golden color enough. As soon as I took a bite of the gyoza no juice running down my mouth. This dumpling definitely came from a frozen package. Not much of a taste to it. Typical frozen dumpling contain some pork and cabbage. 
Sorry I don't know how other people can give four stars to this place. This restaurant wasn't authentic Japanese noodles at all. Take One stars out because I didn't enjoy my food. Take another star out because they didn't refill my tea n made mistake with my ramen soup. The service was only ok.
We originally went to Terakawa but it was busy and wait was over 30 minutes.  So went around the corner and noticed the old spot changed and they had Ramen so wanted to give them a try.  We had the spicy ramen and tofu appetizer.  It was really good and what I think was awesome is that their Chef is from Japan so I can't wait to try their sushi next time!  Staff was super courteous as my girlfriend wanted udon noodles and they were able to accommodate that as well!  Can't wait until my next visit as not only is the food good, the ambiance and staff are sooo friendly!
The pork was pretty weak. Not really the fatty belly I am used to but the rest of the ramen made up for it. I really liked the noodles and the spicy miso wasn't that that spicy which could be a negative or a positive depending on who you ask. 

I normally hate bean sprouts cause they just dump me on there but they really put the perfect amount in there that gave the ramen a nice bite. 

Loved the ambiance! Fun on a Saturday night.
My friend got combo B woth the pork don. It comes with chashu which I thought was kind of weird. I thought it comes with a different cut, but it was still pretty good. Ramen is good too, a hot bowl of steamy noodles. We also got takoyaki and I was really impressed. It was still really crunchy on the outside, presentation was nice, and they were piping hot so you know they just came out from the kitchen.
Vibes: casual, modern

Tasting notes:
-Jigoku ramen with chicken: I asked the ramen to be cooked on the harder side and was happy that the noodles were firm but still chewy; the soft-boiled egg had a sweet, creamy yolk; the slightly crunchy slivers of black mushroom and shredded nori added texture to each spoonful; the broth was flavorful but not too oily, and the spiciness added just enough heat that I didn't break into a sweat; chicken breast slices were thin and ordinary

Thoughts:
I was wondering how Megumi would compare to Yamitsuki, given that they both serve ramen and sushi. Megumi gives off a strong sushi bar vibe similar to J Sushi and Bleu Sushi, but Megumi's ramen quality is surprisingly good compared to Yamitsuki's. If Terakawa is too busy, I'll be sure to hit up Megumi for my ramen fix!   

Will be back for: sushi lunch special and the ramen!
Sweet little dig in the middle of china town. The menu accommodates a variety of dietary preferences at a very fair price. Hands down the best shrimp fried rice of my life!!!
I really wanted to like this place because Terakawa always has a line. But their soups are just less flavorful and salty. It makes me soo thirsty after eating their ramen and I dont even drink much soup. 
Their ramen is a bit like shin ramen. I visited twice and will not come bak for a third visit.
Maybe it's because I was starving but the gyoza and spicy miso ramen I had for lunch were delicious. Definitely recommend for both!
Best ramen I've had to date. Can't beat the combo deal either. I always get the spicy tuna as the combo add on. Sushi is fresh. My friend got the fried rice as an add on and loved it. Whenever I'm in the for ramen this is my go to, wish they had delivery! Maybe they will soon. Spicy ramen is my favorite here, not too spicy or overpowering of the flavoring. Just perfect!
This place is amazinG ! I wasn't expecting such great food or service but what an experience ! The food was the best! Service was so amazing. They will even tweaK something for you if you want it! That's my type of service you always please the customer and they definitely  over exceeded that. Try the avocado smoothie ! It rocKs ! THey rock ! Love this plAce
My first visit to China town in Philly was Megumi! It was my boyfriends first time trying ramen ( that is Ramen not made at home from a package) and he has been obsessed ever since ! I had the spicy miso which was actually pretty spicy. I like spicy foods and eat them alot so it was perfect for me. Highly recommend this place although ive heard that yamitsuki was AMAZING ! Will be trying there next. For now this place will hit the spot
I got ramen for the first time today here in China Town. It was awesome! I ordered miso soup with my meal. It was cheap, and very tasty. I got the vegetarian ramen, spicy. Personally, I wish i had got it a little more spiced, but nonetheless, it was amazing! The portions are huge, and the prices are not bad. I had a sip of my friends taro smoothie, which you NEED to try! The staff is super sweet, and the facility is clean! There is a $15 card minimum, however. Definitely going to come here again!
I ordered a combo of spicy ramen with pork rice. It tasted very good. I think I definitely gone come back to try another combo.
This place is one of the best sushi place I have go to. This service is very nice, the waitress did not treat us bad because we are teens. And the sushi is very fresh. And they have fresh wasabi! The first one I ever seen, it is very cool. I love this place.
Slighted a star as my friend's dish didn't come out the same time as mine.  We both ordered essentially the same thing but I added beef.   Ok let's dish!  This is some really good ramen without the line of the place around the corner.  I had the Sapporo shio ramen w/added beef!  Think thinly sliced rib eye which was so flavorful that I was glad I made the addition.  The egg was perfectly done w/the soft yoke and that oh so slightly salty goodness - saved it for last of course! Added the hot oil to the broth and that just brought the dish to another level!  Check this place out it's worth not having to stand in line.
Nice Japanese restaurant in Chinatown. Stopped here for a quick lunch over the weekend. Nice small place, with really great service. 

 The miso soup was average, and still very flavorful, and the squid was fantastic! This BBQ Squid was one of the best squid dishes I've ever had, and it was served so fast I was astounded! 

Also they had this sticker on the table prompting for a facebook check in. I checked in and got a free green tea ice cream! Very yummy.
Ordered pickup and everything was stellar. The pork chasu in the spicy ramen was EXCELLENT. The ramen broth tasted like a whole lot of chili oil dumped in plain broth but it worked for me. The pork baos were tender and fluffy. Maybe a tad bit underseasoned but a quick splash of ramen broth and they were transformed to soup-dumpling like heaven. Sushi was also good!
They are doing pretty good with takeout ramen. I must say, it is not easy to keep the flavors full in the ramen when you have it at home 30 minutes later. They provide the broth separately and I think warming it up before adding it to the protein-noodle bowl is the best way to have it. The portions are great and perfectly balanced. 
The takeout involves minimal contact and plenty of hand sanitizer to keep you comfortable. 
Worth trying in these cold winter days!
This rating is for the food specifically. To be honest, I was attracted by their yelp rating but this place definitely doesn't deserve 4.5 stars. I would say 3 at best but two stars for the chirashi I ordered. It was probably the worst I ever had.

To me, two things makes a good chirashi. First is the cut and quality of the fish selection, and second is the copious amounts of rice. The fish selection was very limited. They had tuna, salmon, white tuna, and red snapper. The cut on these fish were not very uniform; some were medium while others were small. And the quality of these fish was mediocre. The next thing that bothered was the amount of rice. They only give you a small amount of rice. I had to order another bowl, which was also about the same size.

Overall, even with the extra bowl of rice, this chirashi left me hungry for more food, but not their food. The only caveat of this place was only the service. Unfortunately, I can't speak about their other food on the menu, but I definitely won't risk eating at this place again.
I'm a big fan of Megumi! 

Terakawa had a HUGE line at 2:30pm on a Saturday afternoon, so we went looking for more ramen elsewhere. 

There's more seating here, it's spacious, and the bathroom is clean. The service is thoughtful and attentive. 

You get to choose pork or chicken for your meat in your ramen, and get to choose between shio, shoyu, miso, vegetarian, and their own spicy version. I got chicken shoyu. I enjoyed the extra spiciness and every ramen bowl includes half of a tea egg WHICH I LOVE! The broth was rich and warm and not too salty. The noodles could've been cooked slightly more but we're still very good. 

I wish they gave us green tea or that green tea was included, but I'll definitely be back--this is a worthwhile alternative or substitute for Terakawa that will be filling up soon as more people learn about it.
spider roll- they serve theirs with romaine lettuce in it.. it was different than what im used to but it tasted good

Salmon skin roll- good

spicy ramen with pork.. pork was very tender and broth tasted good

mochi with vanilla and green tea ice cream inside.. its drizzled with chocolate syrup so that was different but still good
Clean and well-decorated restaurant. No frills Japanese, and they do not have a dessert menu. The food varies from ramen, sushi, and rice dishes. They had a number of specials that combine a set ramen with gyoza, fried rice, or sushi that felt like a good deal ($11-12 ramen plus a $2-4). I went for the Spicy Miso Ramen, which used a lot of dry Chinese chili oil and was tasty, but didn't feel like authentic Japanese ramen plus was pretty salty. Additionally, the sushi rolls were all pretty small (6 pieces), and they were alright, fair sushi rice (though kind of cold) and okay cuts of fish.
Came here a few weeks ago- I love ramen and am very picky about it (having eaten a lot of ramen in Tokyo in addition to various places in California) and I really enjoyed the jigoku pork ramen! I was kind of confused that one of the ingredients is spinach because there was no spinach and the waitress said you can't actually choose the hardness of the noodles despite that being an option on the menu, but I still enjoyed the final result. However, we also got the "out of control" sushi roll, one of the special rolls, and it was probably in the bottom 30% of sushi rolls I've had. It didn't particularly feel special for its price. Therefore I'd probably come back for the ramen but not the sushi. In addition there was a group of people in the restaurant while we were there that was incredibly rowdy but I am hoping that was a one-off situation.

Still 4 stars for good ramen though!
Me and my husband have been to this restaurant several times and I have to say that our first time here was pretty disappointed. Our first time here I remember it was weekday and kind of quiet and not busy at that time but food came out super slow and it was not that great either. I wanted to rate them 2 stars at that point but Im a person who don't judge thing immediately in the first place so we came back for second chance and finally it was getting better both service and food. Then I came back here again couple times later and found out that they getting better every times so Ive never been disappointed again!
They have a great choice of food from sushi to Ramen. The staffs are very friendly and helpful. They dont rush me and I feel comfortable sitting and take my time. This can be one of the best ramen house around, broth was good  spicy tuna and spicy miso ramen are MUST for spicy lovers.
Ramen portion sizes are really small, and the broth is subpar. Ambiance is nice with cute anime decorations though
Nice dinner specials, solid food, and super quick service!

Nice spacious interior. Walls are decorated with pictures from the city of Sapporo in Japan which were nice and I guess the ramen served here is supposed to be specific to that region (based off the names at least - a bit of explanation might have helped). Expansive menu that includes things like sushi, ramen, rice, noodles, soda, tea, and anything else you can think of. A bit overwhelming. For dinner they have ramen bowl combinations which was nice. A bowl of ramen for about 11$ and then rice, sushi, or dumplings for an extra 2-4$. Lots of combinations. We had the vegetable gyoza which was pan fried and excellent. I had a bowl of ramen and a spicy tuna roll. Sushi was a bit sparse on the rice on the outside but delicious (and surprisingly spicy! Ramen came with an egg and pork both of which were cooked very well and delicious. 

Overall a good experience for sure. The one thing I'm realizing as I write this is that there are a lot of restaurants like this that are popping up in china town that have a similar vibe and are solid options. Hopefully they'll start to do more to distinguish themselves from each other.
Decided on one last meal before hiding at home and I am so glad it was here. I enjoyed the miso ramen and the tender chashu. The soy egg was cooked perfectly to soft boiled and the noodles had a great bouncy texture. The sashimi lunch had a light that was really fun and unique. I never seen anything like that before. It came with a miso soup or salad, and I chose the miso. It was hot and delicious. Our waitress was very nice to us too.
I've had dreams about this place since I went nearly a month ago and finally getting around to writing this review! I had the spicy miso ramen combo, which I paired with the pork don, and though my little bowl of pork and rice was delicious, the ramen was the star of the show. Now it isn't exactly Terakawa, but if you get to Terakawa and the line is not only running out the door but down the street (because people are trying to kill the 45 min-1 1/2 hours) then Megumi is your jam. Not only is the space bigger, but I feel like there are more options I'm actually willing to eat and for a good price. I do wish there were more toppings options on the menu, but you honestly can't go wrong eating here and I can't help but think about the next time I visit.
So far my favorite ramen in Philly. I had the Megumi Spicy Ramen and I enjoyed literally every bite. The broth is so flavorful and balanced and the spice level is not spice for spice sake but tasty. The chashu pork is very good as well. The noodles are perfectly cooked with just the right level of chewiness and toughness. Also had the spicy salmon roll which was standard fare but had a great crunchy texture. Will be returning for ramen absolutely.
The staff was so rude. It says wheelchair accessible but when we got there we asked where we could go in with the wheelchair, the staff just shrugged and said "I don't know, you gotta do it on your own". I understand if they couldn't accommodate handicapped but DON'T ADVERTISE IT. VERY RUDE.
I came here twice in the past 2 weeks. It's THAT GOOD.

One of my friends actually accidentally ordered their Uber Eats delivery from this restaurant to my apartment... since then, I've been hooked. 

The spicy broth is incredible and tasty. The meat is well marinated and well, the corn is poppin! Truly enjoyed my bowl of ramen here. The Japanese anime decor is nice too.
Reasonable prices and food was awesome. Staffs were polite. Will definitely go again.
Good alternative to Terakawa when the line is out the door and you just can't wait anymore. Only tried the shoyu ramen, but it was pretty good, especially for its price. Wasn't too busy & service was fast! Would definitely return :)
Megumi is one of my favorite Ramen shops in Chinatown! The food is really good and I love the atmosphere. Like all other shops in ct, its a bit cramped, but they make good use of the space. I would totally recommend the takoyaki and karrage chicken! 
As for the ramen, it's very filling and not too salty. It's neatly presented and executed
