Metropolitan's breads are really good, especially the organic Miche. But what's even better are their seasonal specials such as the pumpkin cranberry bread for Thanksgiving and their Irish Soda Bread and matzah (or is it matzo?) in the spring. Metropolitan's matzah is not kosher but don't let that stop you. It is offered in four delicious flavors: plain, sesame, olive and sun dried tomato). The matzah is so delicious that nameless family members, who are not even of the faith, make annual pilgrimages purchase it in bulk on it every year(it freezes really well). No more cardboard tasting matzah for you!
Can't speak for the bread but everything I bought here was extremely mediocre. We had a midnight brownie, canelé, blondie, and pretzel. They all sucked, especially the midnight brownie, which had a flavor reminiscent of a Tootsie Roll. The only redeeming part is everything cost about $10 total so I didn't feel bad throwing it away after a few bites. Don't know if I caught it on a bad day especially since the bread and other product looked so beautiful, but this place is a pass for me. I honestly don't understand the good press for this place.
Metropolitan Bakery is my favorite bakery in Philly. The bread is incredible, especially their multigrain. They culture their starters instead of using commercial yeast and it makes a very big difference in the taste. They make the only sourdough I have ever liked, this is due to the natural cultures, which most modern bakeries won't even bother with. I can never finish a whole loaf, but their bread freezes and thaws well.

Their sweets are also great, the chocolate cherry bread is rich without being too sweet. It is a nice treat for adults. Their croissants are amazing as well, they have a big of delicious dark chocolate in the center. Their scones are bread-like but wonderfully flavored. I love their french berry roll, each one is beautiful and full of fruit (I especially like it when they use figs, but what you get varies by what's in season).

It isn't cheap, but the owners really know what they are doing. Places that put this much time and effort into producing something as simple as bread are few and far between.
and now, i present "ode to metro"...

there was a time ago
when i had sworn off dough
i feared the wrath of carbs
like loaves sharply covered with barbs.

but deep inside i pined with lust
for grains and wheat and chewy crust
but any bread just wouldn't do
and so the "best bread search" ensued.

i tried leBus - the people there
just made me pull out chunks of hair
they were impatient, rude and cold
tasty, but - i wasn't sold.

i looked at metro's weekly list
loaves handcrafted from skilled fists
varieties like rye and miche
with most organic, but all deliche

the spelt loaf shot a cupids' bow
it comes just twice a week, and so
before it sells out in a blaze
i call ahead so a loaf they can save.

ingredients are pure and simple
the trick to metro's in their details
such pride and care and smiles abound
(they even keep great chevre around).

walnut raisin, chocolate cherry,
sourdough, pretzels, triple berry
flourless chocolate torte? yes, please
caneles, granola, and all in between

carb-ophobe, i've seen the light
i make exceptions, when it's right
when things are local, pure and tasty
there's not a crumb I'm going to waste-y.

(and the coffee's killer, too.)
*** Pretzel Review ONLY ***

Living in Philly (well, the 'burb sticks) there are pretzels everywhere. Delicious ones, even at chain gas stations (Wawa). There are soft pretzel chain stores like Philly Pretzel Factories which are in every township and brought to business meetings in lieu of doughnuts 'round these parts. For a minute, being so close to the pretzel capital of the U.S., killed my thirst for pretzel search. But it always happens when you're not looking for it. 

This weekend I met up with a Jr. High School friend whom I hadn't seen since NYC circa 2010. We took cover from a chilly Philly faux Spring in the cafe closest to us, which happened to be Metropolitan Bakery. The whole wheat sourdough fennel pretzel was spotted and ordered - served toasted, sliced in half, with grainy mustard. The first bite said it all - a crunch of salt, a crunch of fennel seed, toasted exterior, soft, chewy innards. Mustard was not needed, although I love mustard too much not to. Bursting with sour, nutty and a pleasant herbal fennel punch - this pretzel was outstanding. The best I've had in a long while, and will make my way back for more on purpose in the future!
Bless Metropolitan Bakery and their nearish-to-my-house location.  Best bread in the city is right.  You know you're in for good stuff when you see the Tuscan loaf in its donut shaped glory, maximizing the crust-to-squishy-innards ratio.  This loaf makes the best garlic bread ever and would probably make a kickass muffaletta.  The other pastries and such are fantastic as well.  If you're a sucker for figs (like me) try the enormous fig-newton style cookie thing.  Easily one of the best pastries I've ever had.
So I absolutely love Metropolitan Bakery. They have great coffee (iced and hot) and they have the most delicious array of food, both savory and sweet. I ate the roasted veggie faccacia for lunch today and it was piled high with massive circles of eggplant and roasted onions....so yummy!

This place is the perfect spot for a sweet tooth pick-me-up. My co-worker and I share the decadent chocolate and walnut brownie probably every two weeks or so and although it's not so huge that you couldn't eat it yourself, I think we use sharing as our justification for eating it at 10am (it has been known to happen). 

Be sure to get the Chocolate Cherry Bread when it comes back in the fall and winter. Dark chocolate bread with dark chocolate chunks and dried cherries. UNBELIEVABLE. (Side note: top it with raspberry preserves and Capogiro's sea salt gelato and head to heaven.) Other notable favorites aside from the foccacia, bread and the brownies are the metromar (bakery version of a malomar) and the granola. My personal favorite is the original granola but the pomegranate cinnamon is pretty great too.

Also, they have those new dog parking hooks out front so feel confident in securing your pooch while you go for snacks (including the homemade dog treats they sell)!
One star because of the 6 times that I was a customer, I was greeted by rude, unfriendly counter staff. 

Every.
Single.
Time.

I thought it was a fluke- everyone has bad days right? 

Yes, I enjoyed eating the brownie or random baked treat. The coffee is ok, not outstanding but does the trick. But nothing I purchased outweighs the fact that the shop has the energy of misery and condescension. 

I get that you're smack dab in the ritzy section of the city. And yes, your store front and beautiful merchandising evokes a sort of romantic and rustic appeal...but that's where the charm ends.

For a small business that relies on repeat business (one would imagine), perhaps making sure you're hiring people capable of a smile would be a good idea. 

So much potential, none of which is being met.
Stay away from the overpriced cafes skirting Rittenhouse Square, and instead head a block away to Metropolitan Cafe. They have two options: a small takeaway counter and an adjoining sit-down cafe next door. The sit-down cafe has a few more baked goods options, and also unlimited coffee. (!!!) I got a carrot cake, which is possibly the most interesting rendition of carrot cake I have ever tried. It is served in three thin layers of almost-whole, candied walnuts, thickly-shredded carrots and juicy and firm grape-like golden raisins, glued together by a spicy batter and spread with a not-too-sweet cream cheese frosting in between. I always felt like the carrot in carrot cake was meant to be disguised, but this carrot cake highlighted, nay, celebrated the vegetable components within it and it was marvelous. One of the more memorable and outstanding carrot cakes I've had to date.

Also the cafe has this magazine called Kinfolk, which is the most hipster lifestyle magazine ever but I love it.
Ok so let me start but stating that I worked for Metropolitan for over a year...

Metropolitan bakery is by far the best "all around" bakery in the city. Although I admit I prefer Brown Betty's cupcakes, Metro takes the cake elsewhere. 

First and foremost every employee of metro has a crazy amount of training which truly makes for awesome customer service. Tell them what you are having for dinner or what kind of bread you like and they will match you with the perfect loaf.

The pastries are incredibly tasty and many ring true of a classic European bakery. The store is always stocked with yummy local products including an amazing American artisanal cheese selection. 

Everything is made in small batches keeping in mind quality not quantity.  

Another great aspect? The owners...Wendy and James.  Wendy and James were at the forefront of the farm to table and buy fresh buy local campaign, and on top of that they constantly give back to the community. 

I can't say enough about metro. Stop in for a croissant and freshly brewed local coffee or a fresh baguette on your way home from work one day.
Yes, they're a local chain. Yes, they bake good breads and carry a small assortment of spreads and cheeses. I'm rather indifferent to both points. What really gets me fired up is the sour cherry chocolate chip cookies! There are only so many moments in one's life when they cross paths with a truly flawless cookie. Yesterday was one of those moments.
For quick and easy brunch, my husband, our furry child and I all go to this place! We love the breakfast biscuit that includes egg and bacon jam! The orange juice is freshly squeezed and delicious. It's just a lovely place, close to Rittenhouse where the whole family can enjoy some morning goodness :)
Confessions of a carboholic 

Bread is my spirit animal and metropolitan bakery is my oasis. 

Oh my goodness. Crusty, warm delicious loaves in all shapes and sizes. I've had them all and San Francisco sourdough is my favorite. Get the herb butter (freshly made) from the fridge. You'll never have a better piece of toast than next day bread with herb butter. It's incredible. Tastes like a European vacation. 

I love everything about this place from the luxe Rittenhouse location to the rustic cozy interior and friendly staff. 

The bread will cost you some "dough", in the form of $5 and up per loaf. But hey, good stuff ain't cheap. You're worth it.
Update: I am absolutely addicted to the fennel seed soft pretzels. I am currently watching the clock SLOWLY tick by (at a ridiculously slow pace - I'm fairly certain it's f'ing with me) because they only arrive after 11am. Unfortunately though, it appears others have caught onto this wonderful treat as I stopped into Metropolitan twice yesterday and wasn't able to snag one. But today is a totally different day...

Oh and you can get homemade pastas (which FYI go on 1/2 price sale on Thursdays I believe). 

Enjoy!
Great bakery - have it all - excellent pastries, great bread as stated by other yelpers, the coffee was also first rate.  A bit small and sometimes crowded.  Either was a big step up from Starbucks and they don't even have expresso.
Go in there an get yourself a sour cherry chocolate chip cookie. This is by far the best cookie in the city -- and I say this based on years of research. Also get your little paws on a midnight brownie -- never a bad batch was ever made. All of the breads are great, I'm very partial to the raisin nut. So is my uncle, so I always like to bring a few loaves when I go over there. This is a great bakery.

Perhaps overlooked are the soups. There is a new batch each day. They are creative, unusual, and delicious. Great ingredients such as coconut milk, curry, ginger, and turmeric. Great cold soups in the summer, and many vegetarian options year round. These have been a great help for me as a caregiver; when I visit home I'm usually armed with one of them. Anything with low or no salt goes over very well.
My go to spot for coffee and pastries. I particularly like the $2 iced coffee in the summer. They have good bagels, but I usually get focaccia or a chocolate croissant or the like.

They have great bread too and cheese, etc. 

However, I particularly love going here during the summer for iced coffee and a pastry - then, I trot my little butt over to a bench in Rittenhouse. Perfect day.

I think there is like a $10 minimum for credit cards.
Good when you can get it.

The bread & pastries here are really nice, but the place itself needs to sharpen up its operations, particularly at their price point.

1. The last three times I have visited, they have been all out of pastries, even mid way through the day. Dude, if it's selling out, bake more! Not just a one-off, they're systematically not making enough. French bakery without pastry -- what's the point?

2. In the take-out part of the bakery, espresso-based coffee tastes great but the process could be better. It takes AGES, and then instead of putting a lid on it (being a take-out place, y'know), you have to scrabble around on the bottom shelf on the other side of a crowded shop. So easy to fix.

3. Stop begging me for cash like a whiny child. You're a professional business, act like it. Take my card. Your prices are high enough to eat the card fee.

TLDR: I really wanted to love this place as my neighborhood bakery. But their sloppiness irritates me too much; I won't be a regular.
Reading such high praise for Metroplitan Bakery on Yelp, I was expecting to be blown away. I stopped in since I live a few blocks away, but was pretty disappointed with what I saw. 

I love baked goods and am a highly experienced baker myself, including breads of all kinds. But, even though I baked yeasted breads a couple of times a week, I do love a good bakery, because there's usually something that a bakery has that I've never made, can't make, don't feel like making at the moment, etc.

Since Metropolitan Bakery seems like one of the best in the area, I was eager to see what they had. Nothing, of course, looked bad. But, nothing looks exceptional, and the prices are not really worth what they offer. I understand that expensive ingredients cost a lot of money and will raise the cost of baking on a small scale, but the products here are just mediocre.

Considering the alternatives are pretty dismal, I guess people are just ecstatic to have *something* else in Rittenhouse Square that offers breads and other baked goods.However, Metropolitan Bakery is mostly just "meh."

Philadelphia is sadly not a city that values exquisite bakery items. Sure, you can get a good donut from the Amish at Reading Terminal Market, or a good canele from Market Day Canele. But, Philadelphia is not teeming with exceptional bread bakers, cake makers, or other baking specialists like some U.S. cities have like New York, San Francisco, or Chicago. 

If Metropolitan Bakery is one of the best things that Rittenhouse Square has for the time being, it will obviously be much more time to come before the economy of Center City and Rittenhouse Sq, in particular, expand to the point that its residents will be able to find an amazing loaf of bread, the perfect croissant, or a host of other baked things that make life worth living.
The chocolate cherry bread keeps me coming back.  The texture and flavor are perfect, and they do not scrimp on either component.  I get the rolls- given their size, not cheap at $1.45 each, but worth it.  I think these may only be available on Saturdays?  I usually stop here after poking around the Rittenhouse Farmers' Market on Saturday mornings.

The baguettes, lemon bars and millet muffins are also top-notch.  The fig bar is the love child between rugelach and shortbread cookie.  Awesome.  There's also a day-old discounted section to the right. 

The line a on weekend morning can turn into a tangled mess, which is the only drawback.
Such a cute cafe - I love the decor and the ambiance, it's so gosh-darn modern cottage chic I can't even stand it. My coffee was delicious, too - I'll definitely be back for more treats and to check out that awesome bakery next door!
Take this review with a grain of salt, because I literally walked in and walked out of this place with a pastry. I got their cream cheese and pineapple muffin from the day-old bin (FOR $1.50!!!!) and it was still amazing. Not only with was creamy, but it had mouthfuls of pineapple with every bite. Honestly, getting this amazing pastry for this cheap was honestly a steal. I highly recommend anyone who needs a cheap breakfast/snack to check this out. I'll keep you updated when I spend some more time here!
Picked up a French Baguette from RTM location.  

{bread_rant}
Although the more complex treats looked good, I'm really all about simple stuff when it comes to bread....because simple done good is hard to pull off and when you're buying a $20 piece of cheese, you want to serve it with comparable product.
{/bread_rant}

Wasn't the regular spongy bread shaped into Baguette but had a well developed crust that was more than skin-deep. Good body too...not too fluffy...not too dry.

Only got 4 stars because it became a hard a little too quickly...less than a day. Still, I haven't found a better loaf yet.

If anyone knows of one, please let me know...I just moved into town and my wife & I need good bread to go with the awesome cheese we've been buying up.
This review is a bit late but I just had to give Metropolitan Cafe five stars as they have always been my favorite go-to spot when looking for a quick breakfast or coffee to start my day in Center City. I've tried several different items and have never been disappointed. I typically grab a frittata or baked goods but they have lots to choose from, especially if I'm not in a breakfast mood like salads, sandwiches, wraps, etc. They make a good chai latte as well. The staff are always friendly and helpful. There's some outdoor seats for when it's nice outside or if you want to bring a dog along. Not a ton of seating indoors but you can typically manage to find a seat if its just a small group. Definitely recommend to folks looking for a cozy, local cafe place! Great to dine in or take to go!
This place is so cute! Located right off Rittenhouse Square, this cafe is a great date spot or a place to catch up on some work. 

I came in the afternoon and ordered a caramel steamer and a fig pastry. It was a great afternoon snack, and not too pricey considering the environment I was provided. The only downside, and reason for knocking down a star is that this place has a $10 minimum on credit cards. Sad.
I'm a big fan of their homemade granola. They sell them in larger and smaller size bags. I was inspired by the yogurt parfaits they sell to try to make my own (slightly more economical) version. I buy the big tubs of yogurt from Sue's produce (they sell the same brand but for less), add Metropolitan granola - and voila! Haven't made my own fruit compote though - but that should be easy. I also really recommend the Swarmbustin' honey they sell at metropolitan. It's the most delicious honey ever and it has a big honey comb in the jar. At $9.50 a pop, it's not cheap...but it sure is good.
Used to live around the corner from this place and although they're probably the top (or one of the top) bakery in the city in terms of quality, there was nothing really crave-worthy in terms of taste. My regular was the millet muffin. I did order their pies in advance for Thanksgiving and they were pretty and good, not special.
I don't know where else I could go on the city to find Darjeerling Tea & Ginger Cured smoken Salmon, a delectable chocolate and bing cherry cookie among a variety of artesian breads that will complement any picnic in the park. Go early in the morning for a chance to try their croissants and purchase fresh farm eggs- hurry they both go quick!
Consistent, fresh, baked, and delicious! I love the Apricot Log. They also have fresh coffee and an assortment of cheeses. 

The place reminds me of La Boulange in SF (Pine/Fillmore).
The food is great... your servers need to learn the menu. I ordered A sandwich that I had two days ago and the girl looked at me like I had four heads.  Instead of offering to make a sandwich or help me find a better option she argued with me and would not make the sandwich she was acting like it never existed and I never ordered it so I walked out. This is the second time i've had a complaint about service.
I love the vibe of this place. It is beautiful. It made me feel like I was in France. I felt like Ina Garten would shop here. The croissant was decent but did not blow my mind. However, I am a croissant snob. It might be one of the top croissants in Philly but there are certainly better to be had in New York. I was going to get a plain chocolate chip cookie but the only options were choc chip walnut or choc chip CHERRY. Hubs doesn't love walnuts so decided to go wild and try the cherry. This was the right choice! Very much enjoyed this unique cookie. The dried cherries were plump and the best part. The cookie was sizeable and had a wonderfully chewy texture. It was a smidge too sweet for it to be the PERFECT cookie, but y'all should still try it. I now feel more bakeries should make a choc chip cherry. 
The lemon bar and brownie also looked really tempting; I'd like to try those.
Update to the below post about gluten free bread.  Metropolitan bakery has confirmed that their Spelt Loaf is NOT gluten free. While this was a serious labeling error on the part of Metropolitan Bakery, they did work as quickly as possible to respond to me and to rectify the situation (e.g., changing their labeling, calling the markets selling their spelt loaf to make sure they know it's not gluten free, and also providing me with gift certificates for my family and friends who can eat their bread).  These actions speak well of their customer service.

Metropolitan Bakery is currently labeling their Spelt Loaf as "gluten free".  Please be advised, this is likely incorrect information.  I called the company as of 1:15 PM today, and they are in the process of checking whether the loaf is indeed gluten free.  I advised they pull all gluten free labeling from their spelt loaves until they can determine what is happening, but I am not sure they have done that.  Until it is confirmed, I would advise shoppers to treat their spelt loaf as containing gluten and therefore not safe for anyone with gluten sensitivity or celiac disease.
Phenomenal handmade baked goods everything from soups salads pot pies farm fresh local eggs hummus cheeses danishes cream cakes breads fresh chai.......
5 stars for this delish cafe. Love that it's in the neighborhood and has a top notch lunch, and great service too! I have eaten here so many times and tried many different menu items.. the grilled pesto sandwich, beet salad, chicken salad, meatball soup, squash soup, quiche and many more.. and always have a rose lemonade to wash it down. I like the long communal main table and often sit there, but have also sat many times at the window bar, and outside in the summer. ALSO, if i'm in a rush I'll grab the beat salad in the bakery to go! Highly recommend.
Ghetto service
Back after couple of years and still rushed and ridiculously rude service
I really want to like this cute seemingly charming bakery, but the staff needs to work on their service.

The layout of the store is not very intuitive. I get an attitude whenever I ask where anything is... sorry i pop my head in every now and again and don't memorize the entire store. 

I've only had their hot and iced teas and they were mediocre, so chances are I probably won't be coming back here unless I'm in a forgiving mood.
Pros: 
-simple and affordable menu.
-breakfast biscuit with bacon jam? Hello...that alone is cause for celebration. 
-super dog friendly, they even have hooks to tie the leash.
-great staff who are friendly, sweet, and attentive. 
-outdoor seating as well as indoor. 

Cons: 
-the tables are so flimsy, my drinks keep spilling unless I drink half of the glass
-maybe it's because I have AT&T, but when I go here, my phone has not connection to the rest of world, it's like it's a dead zone.
You can't go wrong with an almond (or chocolate) croissant and and Old Philadelphia coffee from Metropolitan in the morning. Their selection of breads is outstanding (I really like the olive loaf) and they're very friendly. Nice setting that looks like a European bakery. 

Have your coffee and croissant on the bench outside the shop or walk 2 minutes into Rittenhouse Square. Nice.
Food was fine but by the time I ate it I was so filled with rage that all I tasted was annoyance and frustration. It took an obscene amount of time to put bread in a bag and pour a cup of coffee. If you hate your time and decide to go anyway, I suggest taking snacks.
Love their breads so much!! There are multiple locations, where you can enjoy a nice muffin or pastry; however, I love all kinds of their breads to eat. Bon Appe'tit!!
Let me preface this by saying, I LOVE metropolitan bakery. I think their bread and pastries are phenomenal. I avoid going, just because I know I will leave with more than I can eat. Since I work only a couple blocks away, I was so excited to have a new lunch place, especially run by Metropolitan. I've been twice now and both times have been fine, but there has always been something a little off. 

The first time I went, I got the goat cheese/lemon pesto sandwich. It was just okay. Flavor and texture were off. Nothing catastrophic, but nothing to write home about and  it looked really sad on the plate next to two tiny slices of pickles.

This last time I went for breakfast and got the biscuit egg sandwich with bacon jam. My biggest complaint is that it was clearly microwaved! Now, I totally understand if some things are premade and need to be microwaved. But eggs? eggs?! Never eggs, please. They just turn out rubbery and bad. The bacon jam and biscuit, were delicious but the temperature distribution reminded me of reheating leftovers in the microwave. And honestly, I think I could have done a better job at microwaving the thing.

So I guess my biggest complaint is how they deal with pre-made items. I'm not sure they really understand what should be pre-made and what should get made on the spot. I don't think I'll be going anytime soon, but I wouldn't warn people against going. 

Just don't expect as much quality as you would from their bread and pastries, you will be disappointed.
Metro has cheaper coffee than Starbucks, so I stop by for an Americano a lot when I'm walking down Walnut. They also have soy milk as an option for cream, which is very nice. I haven't had their bread yet, but it looks delicious, and the blondie I bought was very rich and good.

The ambience is comforting, good set-up with the tables and chairs and outdoor seating in warm weather. A lot of people sit and eat sandwiches.
Hands down the best bakery in Center City! This is mostly for the Bakery location. I haven't had any of the sit down items at the Cafe next door. 

TL;DR:

After I discovered this place, I would walk an extra two blocks when I walk my dog almost every other day just so I can grab some bread "on the way". :) If you're in Philly and looking for a good loaf of bread or good pastries, look no further than Metropolitan Bakery!

Bread: 

I am a temporary in Philly, and for a while, I thought I would never find a good baguette in Center City. Then a friend pointed me to this gem. OMG their bread is just wonderful! Pair one of their baguettes with some pate, some salami/proscuitto, or just some high quality butter, and you have a satisfying meal. Take it to Rittenhouse park right around the corner on a nice spring day, and you'll feel positively Parisian! I have also gotten their chocolate cherry loaf bread, and that is also heavenly. I eat that straight out of the bag, and I also made double chocolate bread pudding with the stale bits, and it was soooo good. 

Pastries and others: 

Their twice baked almond croissants are also divine. I have also tried this other pastry that I don't remember the name and it was also good, even the half I had left over and ate the next day! The fig bar was also good - shortbread type pastry on the outside is crumbly and buttery, like a perfect pie crust texture. It's especially good if they warm it a little for you. Cream cheese danish also delicious, and not too sweet. My dog also enjoyed the little dog bone biscuit they sell there. 

Service:

The servers are also always friendly, even when busy, and when I ask them to slice up only half my loaf of bread, they don't give me weird looks or judge me. They also manage to slice it well, unlike the other bakery in town.
Get the chicken pot pie and you will not regret it. Flaky, buttery, crust with a super creamy inside and big bites of chicken breast. Talk about comfort food. 

Menu is a tad pricey for lunch, but you get what you pay for. Quality, freshness and quick service make it all worth your while.
Stopped here on the way out from Yelp Event, it was across the street. It was closing, but they welcomed us in. Sold out, that is sign good bakery, maybe 1 -2 loaves left, I got a slice of spiced apple cake, not knowing how big slice was til I got home. My Buddy got Chocolate on chocolate cake, guy took it in back, sliced it, put in in nice boxes , we were on our way. Well, I only ate 1/2 of it. Big slices of apple, nutmeg, spices, pecans, not overly sweet, which I liked-dense & moist!! Would have been nice with cup of coffee, they did have fridge with juices, etc..but this was good, can't wait to come back try coffees, teas next time.
I came here before visiting another business across the street. I got an almond/cherry cupcake type thing for my breakfast, and it was very good. I also got a brownie for my mom to eat later, which she enjoyed. When you go, make sure to look at both displays on either side of the counter so that you don't miss anything. They have a huge selection of breads which I would like to try. The staff is very friendly and patient if you need a few minutes to check everything out. I'm looking forward to coming back and seeing how all the other treats are.
I'll preface this review by saying that the selection of breads and baked goods probably requires me to make a few more visits before I can have an informed opinion of this place, but based on my one visit alone, I don't think this bakery lived up to its yelp hype.

Curt and unfriendly service to begin with - the guy who helped us looked as though he were just annoyed with the time we took to decide what we wanted. I spotted this really yummy looking (and last) caramel apple bread pudding muffin that had a mountain of crispy crunch top... and when the guy grabbed for it, he broke it into pieces! And then he still tried to pack it up for us like it was nothing.  Disappointed, I took him up on his suggestion of getting a slice of the same thing from the loaf - no mountain there, but better than everything else which didn't appeal at the time.  It was... okay. A little too dense and thick on the inside to eat much of it. And its so rare that I don't finish my carb-ridden desserts (which this was intended to be).  Very sad indeed.
Eenie meenie miney mo....
Oatmeal with raisins, pecans and walnuts, or sour cherry chocolate chip?!?

Oh my! Fluffy, sweet, chewy, and ever slightly crunchy at the exterior....

PS huge corner bakery compared to the oft-overlooked kiosk @Terminal Market ( Flying Monkey, Le Bus' , Termini Bros' fault)!
Cafe located near the Rittenhouse park with a lovely selection of bakery items. Little pricey but totally worth it. Love the almond croissant, ask for the strawberry rhubarb jam, goes very well with the croissant.
I love the bread here! It's a little on the expensive side, but if you order the small baguette, it's less than $2. I've had their sourdough baguette (which I think is their specialty), French baguette, and sourdough loaf (called pain de levain). All are so good! The loaves are $5+, so either stick to baguettes or be prepared for the sticker shock.

Tip: if you go near closing time (7pm), don't expect there to be any baguettes left :(
The bright spot on my way to work everyday. Even if it's just a coffee, it's delicious and everyone in there is so pleasant. So maybe it's more; It's coffee and a smile. On the daily, I'd love to go crazy on their immense, fresh bread/muffin/cake/dessert selection but my metabolism would never allow it. 
A cold case holds remnants of prepared sandwiches, they are usually gone by 8am! You can also pick up some cheeses and prepared salads if you're quick enough.

Tip: credit card minimum is $10
There is no better bread in the city, period.  There is also no better pastry in the city.
I have been going to Metropolitan Bakery at least weekly for years.  Their stuff is incredible.  The brioche loaves and light and delicious, the croissants are flaky, the scones are just plain great, and pretty much everything is top of its class.  Stop in early for 1/2 price pastry and bread.  Their day old pastry is better than anyone else's fresh stuff
Yesterday was my first visit to Metropolitan Bakery and I couldn't have been happier with my experience.  I ordered an Oatmeal Raisin Cookie and a Raspberry bar.  The cookie was huge, soft and tasted excellent.  I loved the Raspberry bar even more.  The bar had a natural raspberry taste and was soft had delicious.  Metropolitan Bakery will be my go-to bakery when I in Center City.
The pastries were good but they weren't French which is kinda what I wanted them to be. Don't take that the wrong way though. The tea and coffee are incredible, the bread looked fantastic and the pastries were very good. Then entire feel was a corner boulangerie in Paris. I was the only person who walked in they did not address by name and the staff was very efficient even though they were busy.

I could eat the fig bars every day and be a happy man.
There are better croissants from grocery store bakeries, in point of fact. They were doughy and too thick.  They were more like bread than pastry. Very pretty, not very French.  Coffee was ok. Service was good. Great location and ambiance.
I tried the meyer lemon pudding cake with blueberries and also the cornbread shortcake with mixed berries and whipcream, which was recommended by the person that worked there. Both were delicious. I really liked how light the lemon pudding cake was though. 

I liked the modern, simple interior of the cafe and the staff was very friendly. I will definitely come back to try their other pastries on the menu.
Oh - this place really is delicious. And to think I almost skipped my "must-go" choice because of lack of time!  This visit (to the Café, not the take-out bakery), I got the avocado toast, which was SPECTACULAR, and a cappuccino.  Avocado toast is a cliché, and I wouldn't say that the toppings here (the way the egg was cooked, or the arugula or the seasoning) were the star. But here, because this is an amazing bakery, the bread the toast was made with was so super-delicious, and so the effect of that with the really good avocado, and perfectly fine egg and radishes, was just really delicious. And the portion is really big - not some little baguette slice toast.

The French toast is also lovely, and came with some perfectly ripe peach slices.  My son loved the housemade passion-mango iced tea, and his currant-orange scone.

Also the kitchen staff is awesome - fun to watch the guys' attention to detail as they made the toasts and other things.

Only a few steps from Rittenhouse Square - and without taking anything away from Serpico, the avocado toast was as satisfying as anything I had there the night before. YUM.
Metropolitan has changed my vocabulary (enter: crack bread and fancy pretzels).  

Crack Bread
Cracked wheat bread, a mix of sourdough and whole wheat; moist chewy interior with a thick rustic crust.

Fancy Pretzels
Fennel soft pretzels, $1.60 a piece; as delicious as they sound.

Pick up a frequent buyers card to reap the benefits of a baker's dozen.  Also don't miss the day old bins to the right of the counter - day old focaccia is better than fresh anyway!
Spotty service and high prices, but the food is quality and pretty delicious. The only reason for the 3 stars vs. 4 is that I could easily make some of the things at home. 

Their grilled cheese and pesto and goat cheese sandwiches are both tasty because they use high quality and often local ingredients on their homemade bread. Their short-rib sandwich is moist and tender, but nothing mind-blowing. And their soups are good, just not great. Although they are certainly perfect for dipping their yummy baked bread into.

It's a cute place to meet up for breakfast or lunch if you want to grab a bite out while supporting local businesses and local farmers, and the location can't be beat. I'm definitely glad it's an option when you have people visiting or want to catch up with a friend.
I should probably start out by saying I'm an abnormal person - I don't crave starches the way most people do. In fact, there is no 'crave' - I can easily go for days without consuming grains. That being said, my stopover at Metropolitan Bakery reminded me why once in a while I dust off my bread knife and reach for a really good loaf.

It was Friday morning, our first Friday in our new apartment, and since my bf is Jewish I ran over to Metropolitan to pick up a loaf of challah (and also ended up walking out with a multigrain loaf). The place itself is only a block away from us (awesome!), and the space is really cute and homey looking - I love the exterior also, it reminds me of France. The staff seems very nice, although I did not utilize their knowledge for selecting my loaves. They offered to slice up the challah loaf for me, but I declined - I assume they do that for people who are going to use it for french toast.

Now the bread...that multigrain is enough to get me to start snacking on bread 24/7, its so flavorful and filled with crunchy grains with a soft interior and nicely crisp crust. Peanut butter and nutella, brie or goat cheese, it went well with anything I decided to top it with. The challah also was great - soft, slightly sweet and eggy, I'm excited to use it for french toast and bread pudding soon (although its not the best challah I've had - sadly that's reserved for another place that I can't easily get to anymore). I will definitely be coming back to Metropolitan for their breads, the perfect addition to any meal.
Delicious. A must visit for breakfast when I visit Philadelphia. Delightful bakery cafe near rittenhouse square , casual with limited seating but delectable food. I like the granola with yogurt or the fried egg on a poppyseed twist with oven roasted tomato and greens and a yummy aioli 

Good coffee too
The MOST DELICIOUS PIZZA I've ever had!  I can't wait to go back.  The service is quick and friendly.  The baked goods are amazing.  The raspberry bars, granola & sour cherry choc chip salted cookie are out of this world incredible!!!!!
5 stars!!!
Everything I have ever had here was delicious. Grab a baguette to munch on throughout the day, and pick up some dessert for the night.

Delicious sandwiches, soups, and desserts.
I love this spot. I'm rating it mostly on the soups and other ready-made items that they have for sales in their refrigerator. The croissants and muffins also look wonderful, I've seen many customers walking in to check what the flavors are that day. I usually buy a quart of their soup weekly and enjoy it with lunches. Typically, a vegan option is available. Enjoy!
i am very fond of all things metropolitan- their raspberry bars, baked eggs, fresh baguettes. however what i am not fond if is not being able to tip the staff when i use my bank card. can the owner or manager do something about this?
sincerely,
a customer who wants to give back!
Stopped here for a quick pick me up: iced chai + brownie. Iced chai was ok, you can taste the cinnamon but I can say I've had better. The brownie (milk chocolate walnut) was awesome, so moist and perfectly nut quantity. Service was quite wonderful, which I would go back for.
Now you can get coffee and food AND a seat!  

15 or so high (comfortable) seats around  a bar that wraps around three walls (one of which is the windows that looks out onto 19th) and one long communal table which seats 6-8 people this place is nice and cozy (even with the door opening every few seconds it was still warm on a 20 degree day).  There's a large wall of herbs which is really nice and apparently they're used in the food.

You order (ONLY eat-in) at the counter and get a little playing card/plaque to take to your seat.  When your stuff is ready the staff bring it out to you.  The one very minor potentially confusing part is that the silverware, napkins, sugar, etc. are all self serve so you may have to get up after your food is brought to you to get a fork and napkin (again VERY minor issue).

I ordered a latte which was served in a very large cup that looked like a bowl - tasted great.  I also had their granola with house-made ricotta (also comes yogurt if you prefer).  When they brought it out I must say I was a bit disappointed b/c it didn't look like much.  But O.  M.  G.  what a mach made in heaven.  The hint of salt from the ricotta plus the sweet and crunch of the granola was soooo good.  And seriously as someone who could've just as easily housed a 4-course tasting menu brunch the smallish bowl of granola and ricotta with the latte filed me up.

You don't have to bus your dishes (even though many people tried to so that was a tiny bit confusing too) but the staff is totally on top of things (and really nice I should mention) so nothing remains dirty for long which means turnover is fast and you no one had trouble getting a seat.

Great job Metropolitan!  Looking forward to coming back again soon.
Growing up, I've always thought that the idea of living down the street from a local bakery in a city was so very romantic... Picture it: bustling metropolitans picking up fresh loaves of bread and delicious treats baked each morning as they go about their busy schedules, making their days just a little brighter for it. 

And voila! Metropolitan Bakery has allowed this fanciful dream of mine to come true :) 

I love the delicious different types of breads here, especially the cranberry nut roll. I love the sweet biscotti and yummy desserts. I love how they often place little samples of bread out for customers, labels written out in cute penmanship, and the service is good and efficient overall. Most of all, I love that I live just down the block and that I can pop in so easily anytime for a quick pick-me-up!
THE BEST BAKERY THE BEST FRENCH BAGUETTES THE BEST CROISSANTS IN THE CITY.  

I have been to maybe all of the bakeries in Philly and none of them can compare to how this bakery makes these French staples. Honestly my life revolves around this place. I wake up early every day so I can get here early and buy my breakfast here, sometimes they have day old brioche so I end up making French toast for breakfast but usually I get an almond croissant. The coffee is also great, and because it is so popular the turnover for a fresh roast is about every 15 minutes which means it's fresh. 

I cannot say enough about how much I love this place. Go now.
Wish I lived in the area to enjoy this bakery more often! I will definitely go back on my next trip to Philly. I was impressed by the variety of fresh pastries and breads---like the fennel pretzel roll, etc. The service is also excellent. You can tell the bakery cultivates and appreciates a local, local clientele. There is a credit card minimum, but everything is so deciduous that it's worth getting a couple of each to make $10.
I went in there to grab a quick bite... i waited for about five minutes and there was noone at the register... i had to call out the guy that was cooking and stop him from what he was doing to see if there someone that can place my order... when the register girl came to take my order i had to wait until she got off her phone for her to take my order.... in a professional place of business i dont think that was professional at all... i wouldnt recommend anyone to go there if thats how your place is ran... especially if your just going in for a quick bite...
Nothing special, except for the Drinks Special.
The sandwiches were meh: typical and meh presentation.

I'm shocked at how well this place is rated!
Decent coffee and food. Slow service and no wifi. It's kind of trying to hard to be some romantic "community" cafe, where people have 5 minute conversations while they order their coffee. Which would be fine if I wasn't in line behind them.
Most of the baked goods are terrific.  Their pesto is fantastic too.  They have some strange items like sea salted chocolate chip cookies - um, I'd rather eat a salt water taffy and drink some chocolate milk.  

Anyway, this is a local chain that seems to have closed more stores than it has opened.  This location has some annoying local entitled-type customers that remind me of certain Wegmans locations' clientele.  Some of the staff seem to kowtow to these types, and they often call people out of turn - totally aggravating and humiliating!  Some of the annoying customers passively stand in your way in this cramped bakery.  

A few of the items are only offered on weekends or on Saturday only. 

I would have given it 4 stars but for the priceyness and the annoyance factor.
if you are in a hurry DO NOT GO IN HERE. the time it took to produce two salads was over 30 minutes. I was expecting a quick lunch and ended up getting the salads to go and eating in my car. also i hoped for a slice of fresh bakery bread, should have asked, with the salad too...
This has quickly become one of my go-to spots for a quick and delicious lunch. I can't get enough of the chicken pot pie, which I usually follow up with a slice of chocolate cake. 

I took my friends here the other day and everyone loved their sandwiches and the granola and yogurt, too. Next trip I'm finally going to stray away from the chicken pot pie and go for the mac and cheese.

It can be a tight fit in here during some points in the day, especially on the weekend. Definitely not a spot for a group if you are hoping to sit near each other.
this is the sit down side of their coffee shop/bakery next door.  order at the counter & help yourself to silverware and a table.  they bring the food to you!  and OH what Delicious food it is!!!

this was the only place in my week visit to Philadelphia I went to TWICE!  the food and atmosphere did not disappoint.  I tried the homemade fruit pastry/tarts both visits.  its the same wonderful flaky crust as the pot pie's!  they are fresh, warm and delicious.  The counter girl the first time didn't know the pot pie's, both chicken and veggie, have mushrooms.  i'm not a fan of mushrooms so I had to pick around them.  it was very good but the lack of menu knowledge was a touch disappointing....

then when I came back, I mentioned the hiccup to the woman working the counter that day and she made up for it in spades!!!  she apologized profusely and comp'ed a pastry and explained the ingredients and the off-site kitchen they utilize for the freshest, best baked goods and treats possible.  I assume she is either the owner or manager, if not----she's the most perfect employee/ambassador a restaurant could hope for!

The glass of the drink cooler was so CLEAN, I foolishly tried to reach out and grab my own!!!  through the glass.  yeah, I did that.  laughed at myself and asked her for the one I wanted.... but that's Clean!  I love Clean!  the whole place has that same feel 

:)

left a big tip and we Will be Back when we return to philly next year!  
Big Recommend!
I can't say anything about the food, but I had to leave a warning review. Don't come here wanting take-out between noon and 2 p.m. They will send you next door to the bakery, which doesn't come close to having the same menu items. Since I was in a rush, I went to the bakery. If I'd had more time, I would have skipped this business altogether. Note: it was 1:40, but they were not at all busy.
Yum Yum yum. The Metropolitan Bakery is in a great location. My friend introduced me to this place. I walked over on a weekday to have lunch with her. Whenever I eat out, I like to order something that I wouldn't be able to just make at home. The MB menu has many unique tasty options that fill that requirement! 

I love being able to pick up food from here to eat outside at in their outdoor seating. Rittenhouse Square is super close so I expect that next time I go when it is warm I'll perhaps eat there.

I also appreciate the cups and the water they have available for customers.
Came here for a dessert fix.  Cute shop but the sweets were disappointing.  Had the sour cherry chocolate chip cookie and bread pudding.  The cookie was tough and the bread pudding had an odd flavor to it.  Not a favorite.
Adorable! We got a lemon bar and a fig bar. Both were delectable. I even licked my fingers. The breads and cheeses looked really delicious too although we were too stuffed to try them. I can't wait to come back!
This is my haunt. Food is simply great- the Cannelle's are the best I've ever tasted in my lifetime, I would cross the ends of the earth to have these. The location and setting are lovely and more importantly peaceful and relaxing. For those who would like to get away from the noise and constant passersby that most Rittenhouse cafe's have to deal with, this is the place to be. Above all, I cant state enough the kindness and courtesy of the staff- Drew and the blonde lady ( sorry can't recall her name) are super friendly without the fakeness. This is my spot until I leave Philly.
Got a few things here:

Iced coffee - self serve.  I like this bc you can control the amount of ICE in the coffee.  thumbs up!

Fig bar - read the reviews and got it.  delicious!!  

Lemon Chiffon cake - I had a cup of hot coffee w/ me and wanted a good slice of cake to go with it.  disappointed - it was quite dry...i only wanted to eat a few bites.

Croissants - i love croissants.  esp. from paris.  and from pret.  the croissants from this bakery were dry on early sunday morning.  

Granola bran muffin - good but kind of dry.

I haven't tried the bread here yet - that is next.  but as for the items above - A-OK.
Great tea and cheap! However there is no wifi available so the barista will ask that u tap into Marathons and the signal is super weak. If you plan to get some work done on wifi, try another cafe this one. Try Karma, Starbucks or Joes.
by far the best french baguettes in the city!
As I have been exploring more and more coffee shops around the city, I have found that MB is one of my favorites. It's a cozy cafe on a busy neighborhood but it stands out because it's so quiet. A lot of people appear to frequent it to do work or study. Personally, I find it a very good sport to do so. 

On both of my visits, I have gotten an almond milk cappuccino with a plain croissant. I have enjoyed both very much on each occasion. The cappuccino can get pricey as I request almond milk, but its size is also larger compared to other similar cafes around town. Since they're a bakery, the croissant didn't disappoint either. Very flaky as it's supposed to be. They'll ask you if you would like to have it warmed up. I think you should as it'll make this baked good yummier and tastier.  

Their customer service is on point. They'll serve you at your seat. Cafe is really neat and has bright lighting which is perfect for studying. I'm definitely going back to enjoy some of their other baked goods and maybe a meal as well.
Wow. Never wrote a yelp review before, but this was so good I have to. The quality of the bread made the avocado toast and egg sandwich taste even better. Will definitely be going back!
This is an adorable sit-down outpost of the famed Metropolitan Bakery.  We had a small group brunch, and the food and drinks were great.  My Americano and beets, fennel, and feta salad with a citrus vinaigrette were great.  I loved the buttery vinaigrette, which combined perfectly with the red and golden beets and feta.  Seating is somewhat limited but if you are fortunate enough to grab a window chair, it is a great place for people-watching in Rittenhouse Square.  The breads and baked goods are fantastic, as always, and they also have great baked egg souflles!  Try the spinach and mushroom!
Metropolitan Cafe, the namesake bakery's initial cafe/take-away concept, is a positive addition to the Rittenhouse Square cafe scene.  This modern cafe offers a limited yet strong menu featuring upscale takes on breakfast and lunch staples.  The feel reminded me a lot like Dean and Deluca, except a fraction of the size and selection (but with the same ambiance, cost, and clientele).

This week, after passing by several times, I finally ventured in for lunch.  Everything on the menu sounded delicious, but with some persuasion, I decided to go for the fontina and pesto panino (which the owner gladly allowed me to take on the go).  For a dressed up grilled cheese, this sandwich does the trick; delicious and buttery grilled bread, tangy cheese, and savory pesto all come together for a satisfying meal.  It may have helped that I also got to eat this in the park just down the street.

The staff was friendly and helpful, and there were so many other options that I definitely want to try in the future.  It may be a little on the pricey side for lunch (my sandwich was $8.50, for an upscale grilled cheese), but the food is worth it, and the congeniality of the staff definitely helps (and maybe the use of Metropolitan Bakery products also).  Overall, a good place for breakfast, lunch, or just a cup of coffee on the go.
I've been a huge fan of Metropolitan since they first opened in Phila. back in the 90's. Everything they do, from bread, to cookies, to pastries, to sandwiches, to prepared take home salads/dips - well it's all just exceptional. They raised the bar several feet for bakeries in Phila - they are the gold standard (for I guess about 20 yrs. now). And the service is always friendly and helpful. And they do a lot for the community too. Their chocolate-chip walnut cookie is one of the best in the city and 'burbs and reasonably priced compared to other cookies that aren't nearly as good or big.

Now for the negative feedback from a recent visit:
I bought a quart of their newer (at least new to me) House Made Garlic Pickles today. They were not that good. They weren't bad, but did not have the kick or zip that a good pickle should have. I actually tasted a little sweetness - maybe they thought a little sugar would help the recipe, although it did not have sugar listed in the ingredients? Anyway, I would normally give a lower rating when I had a problem with a business - but I do not want to effect their rating average, and just hope that they revisit this recipe and tweak it, to get it right.

Rock on Metropolitan - your the best, just fix the pickles.


11/8/12 - update    I really tried to like the pickles, but after a second tasting, I confronted my denial and admitted that they were just not good - they actually were bad. So bad that I took them back and had them refund my money, which they were happy to do - and they also wanted to understand why they were not good.
**Cash Only. 

Solid Moms in Pop joint in the heart of the city. I was in search of something exactly like the Metro Bakery. Downtown is so filled up with chains & all i wanted was something cozy & local. This is exactly that! Service was great & what I loved the most is that many locals were there purchasing coffee after a workout or between a stroll. Keep in mind: this is not a sit inside and do work kind of spot, which was what i needed. But Grab a cup of Joe, pastry & take a stroll to Rittenhouse Sqaure Park to people watch, your welcome ;)

My picks:  *sour chocolate chip & *chocolate chip walnut cookies. both 5 stars, I loved the fact that it was soft & the chocolate chips melt in your mouth. yumm.
We ventured to Metropolitan Bakery yesterday morning for a tasty breakfast and some iced coffee. The shop itself is absolutely adorable on the inside and out and the employees are friendly and efficient. We ordered a blueberry buckle and a blackberry almond tarte which were both insanely delicious. We also ordered iced coffees. Oddly enough they charge .75 cents extra for iced coffee which bugs me (hence the 4 stars.) Overall, I'd definitely recommend Metropolitan Bakery for a delicious, homemade tasting pastry!
Breakfast: Almond croissant and coffee, delicious.

Great service. Despite a long line and only one register, the staff tried hard to keep the line moving. Even though I wasn't close to the register, one of the bakers/staff reached out to me, took my order, got my change etc  I liked my croissant a lot, and I can't wait to try other baked goods.

I sat on the bench outside and ate my flaky/soft croissant. I realized there's no way to a eat a croissant without dropping a lot of crumbs. Soon sparrows came and picked off the crumbs, sure enough they were fat, they've done this before. 

If scavenger birds go to the met bakery, you should go to!
This bakery is reminded me like in Paris, small bakery and located in the corner street.
The girls who work there were so nice. The croissants were so good, we loved it!
Love this tiny bakery in Rittenhouse Square..I have enjoyed everthing I've bought here, which ranges from a French-style olive loaf,cupcakes to cookies. By far my favorite item they sell are these yummy, slightly soft cherry and chocolate chip cookies sprinkled with sea salt. So perfect are these cookies..I go there every time I am in this neighborhood, just looking for them!
Love.  Big time.  Not one single baked good from this place has left me disappointed.  I most recently purchased a loaf of olive thyme bread to go with some homemade ratatouille.  My husband and I almost ate the whole thing in one sitting!  
We've also had a good experience with their monster bagels, fennel soft pretzels, and baguettes.
finally tried this place...since starting work around the corner a few months ago. they have the restaurant side and then their to-go side. both were really busy on a thursday afternoon. i ordered the short rib sandwich and coworker ordered a chicken salad that looked really good. the short rib sandwich was very delicious. cheesy with soft short rib and pickles yummm

the workers were all very nice and i didn't find any of them rude...AND i'm a huge customer service snob. i will def be grabbing lunch here more often, now that i know where it is :)
Superb bakery to stop into if you want to experience 2 minutes of choco-carbo ecstasy followed by 20 minutes of self-loathing over lack of impulse control. Guess what I did? Correct. Oh, well. The chocolate chip-almond cookie was incredible, and everything else looked great as well.

One odd thing: the place has apparently added in a new coffee shop 'annex.' To get to it, you have to exit out the bakery, then enter the 'annex,' which also has other baked goods. It's a little odd. Why not just break the wall between the two or cut a door? Weird, but I'm sure there's a reason.
As a frequent customer of the Metropolitan Bakery, I was eagerly awaiting the opening of the Cafe.  Much to my dismay there are some serious flaws to this well conceived but poorly executed concept.  My main issue is that there is dine-in service only.  As a place that serves mostly sandwiches and pastries,  essentially "to-go" items, not having the possibility to grab lunch on the go will seriously plague the cafe.  And no, the same paninis and other items are NOT available next door at the bakery.  There is limited seating/space,  and is not the most inviting space.  And why is the menu on the wall BEHIND you when you walk in the door.
The food is of the same quality you have come to expect from the Metropolitan Bakery group, but the execution and layout disappoints more than can be imagined...
I was back in town visiting Philly and decided to stop in, as this had always been one of my favorite places to visit when I lived here and was walking the dog in Rittenhouse Square.  It has expanded in the few years I have been gone.  They have one side that is a bakery (baked goods, bread, homemade dog treats, coffee, etc.) and the other side is now more of a restaurant.  They have pizzas, sandwiches and desserts.  I decided to try out this new side and we split a pizza and a cookie for dessert.  As you can imagine, they use the same bread from the bakery to make the pizzas.  Everything we had was delicious and they even brought out a water bowl for our dog.  There is inside seating and a few tables outside as well.  The food came out quickly as well.  The prices are slightly high, but not too bad for the area.  I highly recommend stopping in to either side of Met Bakery.
