Vegetarian Review: Mike's is NOT to be missed by us non-carnivores! While Mike's is obviously known for the heaping mounds of bbq meats, served appropriately on those silver platters, their sides are soooo bangin'!!

The Gouda Mac & cheese is to die for. It has a slight smokey taste and is ultra creamy!! You will not regret getting a large tub of this to-go, because I guarantee you'll be craving this again later on! I actually plan on stopping in and grabbing some cartons for a side dish for Thanksgiving! I think my guests are going to flip!!

The cornbread is definitely one of the most delicious ever! It's a huge square for $3 and it can surely be split. It's super buttery and crisp around the edges with a hot soft middle. YUM!!! Although we took out, it still held it's own and didn't get soggy at all! 

Their homemade sauce selection is unreal! It's honestly really hard to choose a favorite, although their traditional comes close. Perfectly tangy, thick and smoked! Wow! They encourage lots of sampling and I say go for it, because it's so much fun! They even have little sauce containers for takeout! 

Hanks root beer In a bottle completed our veg-tastic takeout meal, although they are BYO and we plan on bringing back the whole fam for what we can imagine will be a fun, casual great night out! 

The place is small but homey and when I called ahead to see the wait, the guys couldn't have been nicer on the phone and then so sweet remembering me again when I arrived! It's such a South Philly style spot! And what else would you expect from Mike, who also owns Taproom on 19th on Ritner. 

I would give a 5 star for these few items but I'm not sure that's fair since I didn't taste the meat. I dunno. But definitely don't skip the sauce bar and sides! For me, worthy of a stop alone. 

*easy unmetered street parking and no wait 2pm on a Sat!
Dearest Mike's BBQ,

A lot of establishments opened up in 2018, and Mike's is one of them. Pretty much Mike's BBQ is going to be staying around for a long time. Plus that enticing aroma coming out of here, filling the streets of South Philly alone will weaken the knees. I think this is what heaven would smell like! I'll even go one step further in saying these guys pay homage to Gritty! We all should know about Gritty by now, you know the Flyers mascot who has won this city over with his crazy antics. That's right Mike's has paid homage to this character by introducing his very own cheesesteak. Ok so lets dive into this shall we! 

The Goods:
* The Gritty Cheesesteak ~ This is not your ordinary prime rib my friends, this is slices of that smoked brisket with fried onions laying in an amazing roll made from Cacia's bakery, which is located in South Philly. Next that melted down cooper sharp cheese all over it, with a Gritty special sauce that enhances that flavor with every bite. Add some potato sticks, tomatoes, lettuce to this already colossal masterpiece, and this is called winning!  

* Crispy Pork Belly ~ Oh how I dig the pig! To me swine is divine, and the way Mike's handles this is simply a must order. Add some of his sweet hot bbq sauce to this and enjoy that flavorful ride.

The Sides:
* Gouda Mac N Cheese ~ (small order) Yes you read that right... You had me at Gouda mac and cheese. Order it that's all I am saying. You're welcome by the way.

* Bacon Potato Salad ~ (small order) Now I already destroyed 3 out of 4 items here so I was already at full tilt. I really did enjoy 1 or 2 spoonfuls of this. Would I recommend it ? Yes I would folks, yes I would. I recommend everything from Mike's. 

Simply a barbecue goodness gifted by the gods above that will have you licking your fingertips. A carnivores paradise, and Mike you're definitely killing it my friend! I plan on coming back for more of this. I still have to get to the bones, those ribs , their wings, that cornbread!  Just get in there and enjoy is all I am saying. Hug the cook too, I did. I also want to give a shout out to Lea D. for making this happen. She , along with other of my Yelp family kept on raving on how good Mike's is.. and they were not wrong! 

With kind regards,
-Nando
Got the opportunity to meet Mike at a food festival yesterday. Really friendly guy, and you can sense he takes great pride in his work.

I ordered a brisket cheesesteak, and while I waited, Mike very generously served up a complimentary smoked meatball. The brisket - slow cooked with oak - was excellent, and the white cheddar sauce, chopped onions, and seeded bread paired perfectly (don't get me wrong - it's a rich combo).

If you see Mike's BBQ at a festival, get in line immediately. You'll regret it otherwise.
Vibes: unassuming, no-frills, order-by-weight BBQ joint with limited seating and decent table turnover

Tasting notes:
-Ribs: meat has a tender chew, comes easily off the bone with a gentle tug; rub gives the meat a solid pepperiness, does not overshadow the flavor of the meat itself, and works well with or without the sauces
-Brisket: a bit of char, a bit of chew, just enough juiciness from the meat and fat without becoming a tongue-coating type of greasiness; really reminded me of Texas
-Mac and cheese: cavatappi pasta was the perfect vector for the creamy, savory, rich gouda cheese; recommend tossing in some sweet BBQ sauce for next-level flavor 
-Cornbread: soft, tender crumb with a fine graininess, very subtle in sweetness; surprisingly large square for one serving

Other thoughts:
-My friend and I ordered ahead around noon for a Saturday lunch at one since Mike's sells out everyday and the ribs tend to go first. Surprisingly, we were able to grab our order and snag a seat shortly after arrival despite the shop being pretty crowded with diners and people waiting to order. Between the two of us, half-rack of ribs, half-pound of brisket, the medium-size mac and cheese, and two pieces of cornbread came out to being around 45 bucks and food-coma-can't-really-walk-level filling. 
-Will remember to bring beer next time!
Quote me on this, the best cheesesteak in Philly isn't even made with steak! Because why go with steak when you can upgrade to oak wood smoked brisket?!

Before I knew Mike's as a gem of BBQ and sandwich spot in South Philly, I knew it as the glorious side project of Michael Strauss that popped up at Garage, Brewery ARS, and festivals to serve delicious smoked meats to the masses(https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2018/01/02/mikes-bbq-barbecue-philly-east-passyunk/)! But ever since it moved into the spot that used to house Barbacoa, I've been impressed by the casual no frills BBQ joint that serves some impressive meats, sides, and sauces.

The brisket and pulled pork is smoked for 14 hours on oak wood then prepped in some signature rubs. Toss in Lancaster chicken wings that are jerked to perfection, juicy and tender full racks of spare ribs, and house made sausage, and you really can do no wrong with any of their meats. toss in glorious sides like smoked gouda mac & cheese, collard greens with black eyed peas in a smoked chicken stock, and bacon potato salad, and you can do no wrong throughout your meal. 

For me the the thing that stands out for me the most are the sandwiches. the brisket cheesesteak that I alluded to earlier comes with fried onions and an AMAZING Cooper Sharp cheese whiz that slaughters the canned crap any day of the week. On top of this you can even go Gritty by adding potato sticks and a special sauce (https://billypenn.com/2018/09/29/nicely-done-the-gritty-at-mikes-bbq-is-a-cheesesteak-hoagie-with-fries-inside/)! Another unexpected surprise sandwich for me was the Pulled Pork Italiano which comes with sharp provolone, spinach, and a medley of Giardiniera style pickled vegetables. With little surprises like that added onto real classic BBQ, they definitely earn their place on the map of Philly's best BBQ joints!
The Best BBQ in Philly IMO. If you're looking for juicy brisket, delicious pulled pork, baked beans, and great cornbread, Mike's doesn't disappoint. Be sure to follow their Instagram feed because they have wonderful specials including beef short ribs that are so moist and have a tasty bark and other things like lechon, chorizo, and brisket cheesesteaks. Friendly employees and plenty of seating. They have three sauces in the table you can choose from, but the meat's so juicy you may not need to add any. Of the three, I like the Mike's sauce. Speaking of likes, I also like how Mike's seems to  always open a few minutes early when SEPTA surprises me by getting me there early. And how many BBQ places are also contemporary art galleries with rotating exhibits from local artists? Now if they only had diet soda :)
Finally tried Mike's BBQ over the weekend and we loved it! We got a lb of brisket, half a rack of ribs, a pulled pork sandwich, and corn bread, pickles and mac & cheese for our sides. Everything was so fresh and so delicious. 

I have to say the ribs were my favorite. Perfectly smoked, moist and peppery. The brisket was good too. Very fatty and completely melts in your mouth. After eating the delicious ribs and brisket, the pulled pork sandwich tasted okay to me. It's got nice smoky, sweet and spicy flavors; but just hard to stand out next to the ribs and brisket. 

The pulled pork sandwich also came with a side of house-made kettle cooked potato chips and a teeny side of coleslaw that I loved. Kinda made me wish I got a large side of coleslaw with our order. The corn bread was cake-y and slightly sweet, it was so yummy I devoured the whole thing and I don't normally care for cornbread. The smoked gouda mac & cheese was rich, creamy, and so comforting to eat.

The sauces didn't do much for me, I thought the flavors of the dry rub and the smokiness were delicious enough on its own.
PHILLY: THE SANDWICH CAPITAL OF AMERICA

Actually, I'm not really a fan of cheesesteaks, and like everyone in the know, realize that the REAL Philly sandwich is actually a ROAST PORK (with broccoli rabe, sharp provolone, wet, preferably at Di Nic's in Reading Terminal Market).  But I've known Mike casually since he opened Taproom on 19th (a great South Philly neighborhood spot to grab a good drink/food and watch the game), and I have been drooling over his Instagram feed ever since he more recently opened Mike's BBQ, just a block off Philly hottest restaurant street, East Passyunk Ave.

So if I was going to have one cheesesteak during my July 4th trip back to see friends in Philly, it was going to be this non-traditional smoked brisket version that everyone has been raving about:

BRISKET SANDWICH: 14-hour, oak-smoked Creekstone brisket cheesesteak "whiz wit" (i.e. with cheese whiz made from Cooper Sharp White and served with lightly grilled onions).

Fantastic sandwich (gives Di Nic's a run for its money)!  Juicy, smoked brisket, "whiz" that was actually made from tasty cheese, and very lightly grilled onions on a good sesame roll (I always like sesame), and served with excellent house-chips.  I think it was about $12, counting a cherry pop.

So big (I'd already had two tacos at El Compadre/South Philly Barbacoa lol), I asked for half there, half to go, which made for a very nice midnight snack later on.

Would love to come back and try more of Mike's traditional BBQ.
If you need help finding it, start at the singing fountain on east passyunk and head south on 11th. Your nose will take you there.

I won't give away any spoilers. Just go. Go now. (When they open of course). Buy everything on the menu. Bring a friend (optional).

I think that mike purposely under-salts the food so that your tears of joy don't affect the flavor palate.
Welp I finally made it down to Mike's BBQ. I have been trying to get down here for some time after hearing and reading all of the Raving reviews. 
We came down early on a Saturday afternoon at some solid advice. There was already a line before they opened, a very good sign. 
The line moved very quickly after opening. The staff was quite friendly and very professional. We ordered some smoked spareribs and a Brisket cheesesteak, both were phenomenal. We also got some Korean smoked wings, they were a special that day. They were so tasty. I actually was looking forward to grabbing some pork belly but they didn't have any that day because they were catering a Wedding that day, understandable. This will just be an excuse to get back down there, not that I need one. They also carry Hank's beverages, which is a huge plus for me. If you haven't been here yet this is the real deal. It is not a Philly tourist trap set up bu a lot of hub bub. This place is legit and I can not wait to get back and get me some pork belly.
I read all the reviews and drove an hour round trip bc what else am I going to do with corona.

Any legit chef will tell you they check the bathroom when dining at new places bc they know if the bathroom is clean then all the other details in the kitchen are given proper attention if the least popular spot gets attention.

That's how I feel about sides at a BBQ place. Mike's has amazing size. I got all that was available and I endorse all of them. Cole slaw was not from a big deli carton but made with love and mustard base. The potato salad is the cold version in case you were wondering and the kind I like. Beans are some of the best I ever had and carefully mixed with some meat. Greens were legit and I'm an expert on greens.

Bbq - just get the ribs. To be honest they were great but I think comparable to the mission BBQ chain on their best day which has only been like once out of 8 visits.

Brisket was great but it's the moist kind as they say in tx aka fatty vs lean but I prefer moist

Pulled pork was tad dry and not much flavor unless you dump sauce.

ORDER online bc corona and they only do weekends at the moment but online orders start at 8

Staff was AMAZING. Also they may not call you to pick up as much as 10 mins over so don't freak out if not exactly on time.
Right in the heart of South Philly is the very popular Mike's BBQ.  This establishment replaced a favorite barbacoa spot that moved up to the Italian Market hood. Mike's has received great reviews from Yelp and professional food critics and in general I concur but just not to the same degree.  I stopped in recently to try their 'Gritty' cheesesteak.  Of course using the descriptor 'Gritty' every Philadelphian will know right away that the sauce has to be orange and there will be an orange theme to this sandwich.  It was made with brisket as well as onions, lettuce, tomatoes, and potato sticks ... and was very good but I expected just a little bit more meat.  After all, this is a Philly sandwich! A little more meat would have let the brisket shine more and to be honest that's what I expected from a bbq spot. 

btw - Mike's has a few condiments you can add to your order for free including homemade sweet and spicy bbq sauces.
The chilli is amazing. No beans but a lot of dessert meat. It's spicy but not too overwhelming
I heard there was a new BBQ establishment located within the Philadelphia city limits. Since the crew and I were in search of a new spot, it was a perfect time to sample the BBQ from Mike's.  When we walked into a small building, billowing with smoke containing the sweet smell of BBQ, we knew we were in the right place. The BBQ at Mike's is literally smoking!!! I have been a fan of Sweet Lucy's for years. For starters, their BBQ is consistently good, and they were pretty much the only show in town since there was little to no competition. They are still my spot, but it is amazing having a quality BBQ joint conveniently located within the city of Philadelphia.

The pulled pork, and brisket are both offered as a specialty sandwich. Italian style served with provolone and spinach for the pulled pork, and a cheesesteak option for the brisket which I hear is better than any other cheesesteak. Don't be alarmed, if you are a BBQ purist and these two options don't sound like your cup of tea, there is the traditional meat on the bun, topped with slaw, ready to be drenched in sauce (optional,) sandwich on the menu.  In addition to their sandwich options the pulled pork and brisket, are served by the pound along with the wings, sausage, and the ribs. It gives me the opportunity to order a sandwich, while not missing out on the opportunity to satisfy my BBQ craving with couple of rib bones, a few slices of brisket, or wings without breaking my wallet. The brisket is top notch and will rival any other brisket I've tasted across this country. From the minute its unwrapped; it smells, looks, and taste like a competition quality brisket. The ribs could be rendered a little more but overall the flavor and tenderness is another example of why I love this place. The wings contain a great smoked flavor, crispy texture, with a meaty and juicy interior. The food at Mike's is prepared with all the spices, and flavors required for great BBQ. Any additional sauce, or seasoning is not required but I suggest trying some the sauces created at Mike's BBQ. Use it as a dip for the crispy chips, or put in on the meat if you just want an extra layer of flavor to sink your teeth into. 

If I had to grade this establishment on the quality of its BBQ meats alone, we are looking at a five-star establishment! however, other than the cornbread and pickles, I'm not the biggest fan of the sides I've tried thus far. The Italian style mac n cheese just doesn't work, the baked beans could definitely use a little more seasoning and a smoother texture, and the potato salad and slaw are decent. Despite the sides being slightly underwhelming, Mikes is still a grade A BBQ establishment! I have been on a good BBQ streak lately in the Philadelphia/Burbs region but you are not going to find too many places that can replicate the quality of BBQ coming out of Mikes.
This new gem is awesome.  Tried it for lunch today and basically went for food coma.  Tried 1/2 beef brisket, potato salad, italian mac n cheese, wings, and corn bread.  Yes it was a lot and yes All were solid. I really liked the flavor of the brisket (crust) that alone was worth the trip. I also liked the cornbread texture and flavor (not too sweet nor salty- perfect crust and moisture.  

Good job team! I approve!
So I've been stalking this BBQ spot on IG for months and even checked their hours to make sure I didn't miss out on an opportunity to try this place when visiting Philly since they are often sold out. 

We got 1/2 Rack Ribs, 1 lb Brisket, Bacon Wrapped Burnt Ends, Gouda Mac N Cheese, and Carolina Slaw for 2 people for about $77 including tip.

In order of deliciousness:
Brisket - juicy, fatty, tender, eye rolling and mouth drooling good.
Carolina Slaw - tangy, crunchy and just yum.
1/2 Rack Ribs - falls off the bones but definitely needed bbq sauce to accompany it.
Gouda mac N Cheese - I liked the gouda spin on basic mac n cheese which is creamy, nutty and salty.
Bacon Wrapped Burnt Ends - 3 pieces to an order, much too dry, we didn't eat it.

We went on a Sat at 11:45 am and there was a small line of people outside.  After sitting down and getting our food, the line inside certainly got much longer.
BEST BBQ IN PHILLY

this is one of those places where there's no frills and no lies, it's as good as they say it is. it's small though, i came saturday during lunch time and waited about 15-20 minutes for the food to come out and for an available table. 

we got half a rack of ribs, sausage, brisket cheesesteak, mac and cheese and cole slaw all for about ~$45. everything was delicious, the ribs were so meaty and flavorful, the sausage could be a bit spicier but i loved it dipped in their sweet heat sauce and the brisket cheesesteak is as good as they say it is, even the roll is so good. mac and cheese was perfect and i really love their slaw, it has a zest to it i enjoy and not all mayo'd up.

if i had one constructive comment, it would be for them to try to make a spicy bbq sauce; i was craving some heat. they had some frank's i think but it wasn't enough
Hands down the best BBQ that I've had in Philly. Brisket!!, Chicken!!, Pulled Pork, Ribs, Mac!!, Coleslaw!!, Cornbread!!, BBQ Sauce - All winners. All of the meats were moist with a good smokey flavor and went well with the BBQ sauce. The Carolina style slaw was spot on, and balanced the rich flavor from the meat. The cornbread had a nice crust with a slightly sweet flavor - good on its own or paired with any of the meat. And the mac and cheese - we should've ordered double! Go early, go often - a winner for sure!
Very amazing. There was a a huge line and no where to sit. But by the time the food was ready, we grabbed a table. We got several things and the bill was crazy. 68 for two people.   Ow the good was good. Cornbread moist. Wings just ok? Brisket sandwich.... amazing with a spicy coleslaw on top. Mac and cheese... super yummy. Potato salad yummy but the potatoes needed cooked a wee bit longer. Will go back, but need to wait until I can afford it
After seeing Mike's BBQ on Ugly Delicious, I knew I had to try it out. Located in the East Passyunk area, the store's exterior is pretty unassuming, but the food is amazing. My friend and I split a pulled pork sandwich, their special South Philly BBQ Schmitter (cheesesteak with smoked brisket, smoked salami, cooper sharp wiz, tomato, fried onion, and special sauce), small mac and cheese, and a slice of cornbread for about $35. While everything was great, the standout was the South Philly BBQ Schmitter. My friend and I agreed that it was one of the best sandwiches we'd ever had. I hope they keep it around permanently, not just as a special!
I'm burdened knowing that I always miss out on the delicious one day specials since I work in south jersey and can never get here in time since I work til 6pm when they close.  But am glad I live not that far a walk away where I can come on the weekends and make a request to see if they'll kindly make me the one day special I missed out on namely the mcmike rib sandwich I was happy and sad to see having been made available a week after I inquired bout it lol. 

The most recent visit I had the 1/4 pound brisket which was very good with the half rack of fall off the bone ribs and the cornbread which is a good compliment. 

Prior to that they sold out of the ribs so I was able to try their version of the "Schmitter" which was good tho had me wanting to try the original that I haven't had in a decade.   


I'll next have to try the wings, sausage, spinach, slaw all the while hoping for that one day special like that mcmikd rib sandwich lol
This was a good bbq meal. I ordered brisket and wings.

The brisket was fatty and well executed (soft on the bite and smoky). Not the absolute best I've ever had, but in the top 3rd of briskets.

The wings were very flavorful and smoke, but I found the interior to be not quite juicy enough and the wing size to be slightly on the scrawny side.
Came here for lunch today after hearing that there was a new bbq place that opened up in south Philly . This place opens at 12pm and I arrived at 12:30pm. The place was 80% packed! I had the brisket steak (brisket, onions, and cooper whiz on an sesame roll). It comes with a side of homemade potato chips and dipping sauces (mikes bbq sauce, white sauce, and some type of vinegar). I washed this meal down with hanks orange cream soda. The meal costs about $19 including tip (optional). I thought the brisket steak was good ( mind you I am no bbq connoisseur) and dipped it in mikes bbq sauce (which was delish)! 

There is street parking and if you come when this place opens, there should be parking in the neighborhood. The place is not very big and has tables and chairs to dine in.
Wow. This place looks like a no frills, no fooling, all emphasis on the food bbq joint. And it delivers in spades. I love the DIY service, the music, and most importantly, all the food.

We got:
Mac n Cheese
Ribs
Cornbread
Pulled pork
Brisket Sandwich
Crispy pork belly
Baked beans.
Sausage

Everything was great. The best was the sausage by my measure, as it tasted completely unique to me. The worst was the brisket sandwich, which was merely "fine"

Get here as soon as they open or you will be waiting on line. Tables only seat 4, so smaller groups are better, but it seems like most of their business is actually take out, and they have plenty of supplies to support it.
Solid brisket with good amount of fatty and lean portions. Ribs are stellar and with tender meat and good bark. Great variety of sauces - from vinegar based to sweet/smokey to Alabama white. Great pickles. Friendly service. Get it done and check it out

Enjoy!
if you live in philly or are just visiting, this place is a grand slam. its so hard to find good authentic bbq in this town. ive tried several other places and none compare to this one. this tiny little nook of a restaurant is nestled on a nondescript residential street in south philly. im pretty sure it was probably a house at one time. i thought i was doing good by getting there within an hour of their opening time but no good. the place was already packed. almost every table was filled and there was a line at the counter and alot of smokey goodness in the air. every tray that came out of that kitchen looked and smelled phenomenal. i was so anxious to sit down and eat. 

we ended up trying several items from the menu. i ordered the brisket, chorizo, baked beans, cornbread, ribs, coleslaw and the gouda mac-n-cheese. nothing disappointed. the brisket was so tender and moist. the chorizo was huge and so flavorful. the mac-n-cheese was very unique. the coleslaw was exceptionally good. all in all we had a great meal. the only thing i can say is if youre really hungry you'd better be prepared to spend. its not cheap. we spent $65 on lunch!! fortunately, i didnt have to eat anything else for the rest of the day. and my girlfriend managed to get two full meals from her portions. but if you have a big appetite like i do it can get very costly. 

the other huge problem is parking. we all know how difficult it can be to park in south philly. if youre a local and can walk here then youve got it made but if youre coming from afar like i did you need alot of patience. it was definitely worth the trip though. we'll definitely be back.
I hardly ever review but thank the Yelp community for doing so. As for this place, they are worthy of 20 stars. Get the Brisket Cheesesteaks!
Omg DELICIOUS beef brisket!! Super flavorful, juicy and tender. I wasn't "wowed" by the other meats they offered; the beef brisket was definitely the winner. We tried the brisket, ribs and sausage and that's the order of how much I enjoyed them. The single sausage was $5, which I found a little ridiculous...
Their corn bread was really yummy too. The collard greens was a bit salty for my taste. The mac n cheese is tasty and very cheesy and creamy. Yummm!

The venue is small. We went on a Sunday around 5pm and we were the only ones.
So I just finished some lunch leftovers (picture below) and said I have to leave a good review for Mike's BBQ. 

I've been following MBBQ on social media and have been wanting and desiring a chance to come out and get some of the great looking foods I've seen online. Yesterday, there was a special for buy a pound of wings and get one half additional free, so it was finally time to pull the trigger. I'm glad I did.

I definitely ordered more than I needed but the leftovers were oh so good. Here is the breakdown:

Pulled Pork: Outstanding. Lots of huge pieces and blackened ends that were so juicy and tasty. Added with the sauces provided (although not needed for the pulled pork) made this extra special. A definite must get.

Rack of Ribs: Outstanding. Fall off the bone with a lot of dry rub seasoning that wasn't too hot or spicy. They reheated well.

Baked Beans: Outstanding. Some of the best I've ever had with multiple types of beans and pulled pork chunks added. Perfectly seasoned.

Brussels Sprouts: Outstanding. Just like fried pieces of candy with the shallots. So tasty and another must buy. I could eat these all day.

Chicken Wings: Above Average. Very plump, but too much dry rub. They were also a bit dry and needed some bbq sauce.

Korean Chicken Wings: Average. These were smaller in size than the regular ones, and the Korean sauce over them was not too powerful, but the taste was not to my family's liking. Not many were eaten. 

Mac and Cheese: Poor. Now a lot of you Yelpers loved the Gruyere cheese made Mac and Cheese. My family hated it; too thick, heavy, dense, and creamy. There was no "burnt" or crisped topping, and we tossed more than half of it. Sorry, Mike! 

Overall, we really liked Mike's BBQ and for the outstanding items, we'd make the extended trip to get some more.

In these COVID-19 times, ordering is all online starting at 8am and they have pickup from 12-5 or until sold out which happens often. The service was excellent as we were texted right when the food was ready which was spot on the time I asked for it. When we texted back that we were on the corner, the staff brought out our food to the car. They were all masked up.

I wish Mike's BBQ was in the far NE!

$200 including tip for: Two Racks Ribs, Two Pounds Pulled Pork, Pound Chicken Wings, Pound Korean Chicken Wings (each with a free today half pound additional), Brussels Sprouts, Large Mac and Cheese, Large Baked Beans.
I cannot rave enough over mikes bbq! The Brisket is so flavorful and tender and truly make my mouth water just talking about it. In fact the Brisket Cheesesteak is one of my favorites I've ever had.
Inside tip : definitely try the pork belly! It is out of this world and dint miss out on the wings.. They are not something I would typically order at a BBQ joint but it's a sleeper item that should not be overlooked.
If you've ever visited or lived in Texas, Missouri, the Carolinas or Tennessee you'd recognize this as an Authentic BBQ joint, just like in the Midwest or South, but in Philly! No frills.  Menu is hand written on brown paper on the side of the wall near the register. You get in line and walk up to the counter. When they run out for the day they cross off the item with tape. When they run out of everything, they close. Food is served on paper on top of plastic tray. You stack the trays when you are done. A handful of sauce's are available on the tables. When you order they offer a free beer out of the cooler on the floor. So if you're looking for a fancy sit down BBQ place with wait staff, a menu all night, where they reheat your poorly cooked BBQ, don't go to Mike's. Mike's is the real deal. Authentic. Legit.

For the more sophisticated BBQ folks: the style is typical of Georgia/Alabama. Not a ton of spice in the rub, strong smoky flavor. Sauces offered include: tangy, spicy, and a white Alabama sauce.
I'd been following Mike's BBQ on Instagram for probably a year. Yesterday my husband said he had a taste for BBQ and Mike's immediately popped into my brain! 

Mike's ordering process is simple. No walk ins, call in your order or order online between 8am and 12 noon. They sell out fast from what I've heard so we decided what we wanted the night before and ordered at 8:05am the next day. Honestly, we usually wouldn't spend much at a new place but what the heck? The reviews are great and we really wanted to sample most of what's offered. 

We ordered :::

Half pound of brisket 
Half rack of ribs 
Half pound of pulled pork 
1 sausage link 
Medium of collard greens, Mac n Cheese and Beans 
Slaw
Potato Salad

This came to $85. Alot right? Especially for 2 people. The food...award worthy. I mean Philly isnt exactly known for BBQ and waht we've had in the past just wasn't great. I had some expectations for Mike's but we were totally blown away. 

All of our food was packed with care and smelled up our car on the way home. Once unpacked, we dug right in and both agreed that it was way too much food for 2 people, lol. 

The meats were smoked perfectly without being overpowering. The mac n cheese..wow!! Tasted like it was smoked and I'm sure I tasted Gouda in there. Let's talk about those beans. I mean I think I expected the main meats to be amazing and have kinda okay sides. Nope!! Those are not your canned baked beans. They're soft, savory with MEAT packed into every bite. 

We'll be back soon!
My 500th different cheese steak in the last 20 months.  Mike's BBQ, one of Craig's Labans top 25 Philadelphia restaurants.  Gangemi maybe my new favorite roll.  The barbecue was very very very tasty. I had amigo Dan with me and he had a tough time concentrating because he was staring, admiringly, at everyone else's food including their cornbread.  I'm sorry but I didn't like the way that Cheesesteak ate. Cheese was falling out on every bite.  Rob can you melt the cheese into the meat some how?  Rob was great, tables, bathroom, fantabulous banana pudding and $12 at a top 25 restaurant is pretty darn reasonable.  Great overall experience.
Finally an old school Texas-style bbq joint in the tri-state area that knows how to smoke meat low and slow and doesn't add a crazy amount of spices and sauces. Their brisket is slammin and couldn't control myself from devouring their homemade and fresh corn bread. Only complaint is the parking in that area sucks but that is South Philly for you. 

If you love bbq as much as I do, you'll love this place.
This is a great BBQ spot- truly 4.5 stars. Finally a decent barbecue spot in Philadelphia.
Way better than sweet Lucy's hands down. 
The house chips were YUM- the brisket sandwich was juicy, the Italian Mac and cheese was good (too much parm) and I would go back again- hands down. 
I gave it 4.5 because:
The interior is so densely smoky- kind of u can't breathe in it- ur clothes and coat will Smell like bbq- (I don't mind I was wearing sweats). I caution bringing small children here if you will eat in because of the dense smell. 
Also, The banana pudding is all creme, no pudding and minimal vanilla wafer. I'm a pudding snob. 
Lastly, No diet soda except for diet root beer.

The sauce sides were absolutely legit and def this place is a winner
I love it here! It's tiny and I've only gotten food to go.  But everytime I've been here (all of two times), the service has been quick and super nice.  It's like the staff actually likes being there and still has that shiny new place feel.

Now, on to the food, I've gotten brisket, ribs and chicken wings from there. The brisket, yummy, and not too fatty, you know how sometimes you go get brisket and it's either way too fatty or way to dry, not the problem here (even reheated).  The ribs are very good, it's not fall off the bone that some people are used to you can actually bit into it, also it's the big ribs, not the small baby ones, where you're like, where did the meat go. The wings, now this was my least favorite of the items of gotten, and I think this one was my fault. So, I thought the wings were a little dry, but like I said, that was my fault, because I got it to go, and then waited 2 hours to eat them.  So, you know what that means, I have to try it again!

Onto the sauces!  Mike's BBQ sauce, just the way I like it, bbq flavor but not too sweet, a little vinegary.  The white sauce, yummy, it's not very thick, but yummy nonetheless, Mike recommends eating it with chicken, and it totally should be eaten with the chicken.
Pretty solid BBQ, drove from Baltimore to Philly for Barbecue from another spot. The spot was closed for renovation, so I remembered I had Mike's in my yelp bookmarks.

We order Ribs, Brisket, Chicken Wings, Pickles, Mac and cheese, corn bread.

The only items I think we had issues with were the ribs a little tough, and Mac was bland.

Overall we were happy and will be back.
Great new addition to the Passyunk Ave corridor (note that it's a couple blocks off the Avenue, down 11th). I've tried most of the sandwiches on the menu, at this point. I'd say my favorites are probably the pork sandwich and the brisket "cheesesteak". The first time I went, I got the Mac & Cheese side, but it ended up being a bit too heavy, along with a sandwich. The coleslaw that comes on the sandwiches is pretty good, so would likely make a good side along with meat that isn't in a sandwich (or with a sandwich, even). I haven't tried the banana pudding, but am dying to since it looks really good. I would recommend putting a good dose of the "Mike's BBQ" sauce on the meat. It's really good. Finally, make sure you go through the "receipt" process when paying, since it gives you the opportunity to sign up for the frequent customer rewards program (through the "Toast" payment system).
Great, relatively new place in South Philadelphia. Enjoyed the brisket a lot, juicy, flavorful. The ribs were good, but on the drier side - the sauces helped. The sides were also delicious - beans, and slaw. 

Definitely going back and exploring more of the menu. 

#foodflicker
Just go here as soon as you can and don't miss the brisket, its like no other. Everything else is amazing too but the brisket is the star.
When Mike's BBQ makes their version of McRib, get it while you can because it's very delicious. Loaded with lots of meat, not over drenched with sugary barbecue sauce. The pickles and onion complete the sandwich Perfect bbq flavor. It comes with homemade potato chips
Most people can't wait until Friday, I on the other hand can't wait until Wednesday! Why Wednesday? Because Wednesday if the first opening day of the week for the best bbq joint this side of the mason dixon! Being born and raised in the cheesesteak capitol of the world  I can without a doubt say that Mikes brisket cheese steak is better than any cheesesteak I've had yet! Just don't plan on doing much after you eat it cause it's definitely nap time! I get the 1/2 brisket with a side of corn bread. The brisket melts in your mouth like butter, You absolutely
Don't need bbq sauce with it but the sweet heat bbq sauce is so damn good I can't not have it. The corn bread is almost the size of a Scooby doo sammich and out of this world! Great job from a kick ass bunch of bbq bad asses!
A recommendation from a friend brought me here recently. 

I have really smart friends. 

Quite honestly this brisket is in the running for best I've ever had. It's a hard meat to get right. I'm telling you this brisket was absolutely like butter. 

It didn't need the sauce to be good. But man the sauces are exquisite as well. 

I sampled some Korean wings for later and those were off the charts amazing as well. It's an assault on the tastebuds in a good way. 

If they're not the best barbecue in Philly right now, I can't imagine who is doing it better than this.
I always keep an eye on its Instagram post for Thursday special. They always have innovative sandwiches such as general tso chicken sandwich, Thai chicken sandwich. I had Mac and cheese balls with smoked pork, highly recommended. It comes with 2 different kinds of barbecue dipping.
Holy hell this is good Q!  Had been following Mike's in IG which depicted some very appealing food.  Then I read about the brisket cheesesteak and I ventured over, from NJ, for lunch one day.  Damn that brisket was outstanding!  There are sauces, like most BBQ spots, but no sauce was necessary!  I looked at other plates around me and let me tell you, everything looked great. I've been craving that brisket since I ate it, 36 hours ago.  Damn that was good.
Hard to find parking. 
Order first !
Get a seat 
Wait for like less than 5min!
Tah dah  ! Food is ready 
Great food !
Absolutely hands down the most delicious BBQ I've ever had in my life. Ordered a 1/4 portion of pulled pork, brisket, ribs, and a piece of sausage. For my sides I ordered Mac and Cheese, potato salad, and corn bread. Everything was absolutely perfect and I couldn't believe that it was this good all the way around. Mike's BBQ sauce was really good on everything too. I would eat at this place every single day if I could.
The brisket cheesesteak instantly jumps into my top 6 for best Philly cheesesteak of which order I'd have to give more thought to.  

It comes with some chips and I was told the good sides to try would be the potato salad, beans and the cornbrewe.  Skipped the cornbread but the beans were ok tho the potato salad may be better.  It's warm but good and not too starchy.  The beans I felt were smoky but missing something which I couldn't place. 

The cheesesteak with the cooper sharp melted in plentiful fashion seriously makes this a cheesesteak to crave for and worth getting anytime tho knowing this place due to the fresh bbq standard close around 6pm I think nightly.   


I haven't had the bbq yet and am unsure what I should try first without breaking the bank.  Ribs sound good but so do the wings, sausage, chicken idk so guess we'll see.  

I am looking forward to also trying the multiple sauces available.
I don't always eat brisket, but when I do, I prefer Mike's BBQ. Moist, flavorful, and not too fatty, the Brisket Sandwich was absolutely delicious. The chips were nicely seasoned with the right amount of crispiness, and the Brussels Sprouts had a great flavor (although lost a little of their crispiness as I got take out). Ordering online was easy and I loved that the restaurant texted me that my order was ready early, and that I could text/call them back to bring it out when I arrived.
The BBQ here is so good that after my boyfriend and I finished our meal I insisted we get a rack of ribs to take home for dinner a couple of days later. 

The people working there were super friendly and even gave us some of their mac and cheese to try when we didn't order it after debating what sides to get. 

Can't wait to come back!! So happy to have truly great BBQ in the city!
REALLY enjoyed our experience with Mike's BBQ. 

Ordering process was seamless and timely. I was able to set my pick up time in advance, and they texted me that my order was ready literally right on time. In fact, as I was walking up to the door, they opened it with my order in hand...talk about service!

The food was top notch. I was immediately drawn to their brisket cheesesteak (which I think is an underrated sandwich as is,) but they amp it up with their creative "Gritty" sandwich, which has lettuce, tomato, fries, and a special sauce on it. I could eat this once a week. 

They also have a delicious brussel sprout dish, and I thought their banana pudding was phenomenal. The pudding was topped with this caramel spread, which just gave it this whole new layer of taste and texture. 

Menu is rather large, creative, and plenty of sides to compliment some of the main meat dishes.

They have a nice seating arrangement outside, spacious and comfortable (even though we ordered for pick up.)

Fairly priced as well.

Would highly recommend stopping in here to try the BBQ!
Bangin BBQ!

This is the meat nirvana I was looking for. 

Brisket was absolutely fantastic. Perfect smoke ring. Moist. Very Tender without being crumbly. Had that perfect spring and great flavor. 

Ribs were excellent. Smoky. Perfect bite. Phenomenal bark. Needed no sauce...taste was soo good i didn't want to dilute it. 

I'm not a chicken guy, but my wife wanted the smoked half chicken. This smoked half chicken could turn me into a chicken guy! Skin was coated in a perfect rub and the bird was cooked expertly. Very moist. 

And the sides...damn...i don't usually rave about cole slaw but this was the best Cole slaw I've had.  Very flavorful!

Fantastic collard greens too. Loved that hint of spice and that they were cooked with a little beans and garlic. So good.

Even the sauces were great. White bbq for my chicken...traditional was yum and the sweet and spicy was perfect. 

Thanks for bringing it real for Philadelphia. Can't believe I've waited this long to try it. 

When i want bbq from here forward, I'm trekking down from Ardmore to my old haunts in South Philly!

Sorry i didn't take any photos, i was too busy stuffing my face to stop and take a picture!
I have loved Mikes BBQ even before his store opening. I had the pleasure to experience Mike's food cart last year at one of the Breweries in Philly so I was super excited to check out his storefront in South Philly. A couple of friends and I went on Sunday and arrived a few minutes before he opened the doors (which you should too, the line gets big fast!). We grabbed a few tables and ordered up some tasty food. I was starving and wanted to try multiple items. I ordered the corn bread, wings, pulled pork, brisket cheesesteak, and housemade chips! ALL SUPER FRESH, TASTY, NO COMPLAINTS! Mike is doing it right and serving up some of Philly's best BBQ and fair prices. Make sure you get there to try some! Cheers!
The food here is amazing! Randomly stumbled upon this spot while trying to get out of traffic downtown and I am so glad I did. The art is local and vibrant. The staff is friendly and laid back. Everything we ate was flavorful and not dry or boring. I can't wait to go back and try more items from their menu! I do recommend and will return.
Brisket sandwich and collards were very good. My co-worker had the pulled pork and Mac and cheese. Also very good.
I always on the lookout of their specials on Instagram. The smoked brisket pizza cheesesteak looked awesome. Along with $5 off from Grubhub and my friend's Instagram post and review , I decided to order. It was sooo delicious. The tender brisket is on the bottom, topped with fried mozzarella, and finally the pizza sauce with shredded parmesan on top. The mozzarella melts as you bite it, perfect combination of sweetness from the pizza sauce and the savory of the brisket. It comes with fresh abd crispy potato chips. Definitely get it when it is available
Delicious BBQ done right served right.

Everyone working behind the counter all look happy and the entire restaurant smells like wonderful smokey meats and it's well air conditioned. So you can have a meat sweat comfortably. 

The brisket here is perfection, beautiful smoke ring and crust with a juicy melt in your mouth meaty center. I ordered the brisket cheesesteak, when in Philly, you gotta order a cheesesteak. All I can say is you have to try it for yourself, immediately.

I also had a order of the jerk wings which were supposedly spicy but it's not bad at all. So don't be afraid to order the jerk wings, they were amazing. 

Last but not least, I'm a big fan of the homemade chips, crisp potato chips which you can dip in BBQ sauce.
I've been to Mike's three or four times at this point. It's a small place, open for lunch, but often closes early when they're all sold out of bbq. Mikes is a genuine bbq joint with a huge smoker, traditional sides, and a limited menu. They have sandwiches, but everything else is a la carte. It's very much in the Texas bbq traditions with sweeter sauces and pickles and things. It is NOT bourgeois bbq though. It really can't be compared to Smokin' Betty's or Percy Street Bbq. Mike's lacks flash and upscale amenities. It's just a dude and a huge smoker grill. 

I'd say the brisket and ribs are probably the top menu items. The brisket cheesesteak is pretty amazing too. They're super friendly but ordering can be difficult due to the layout and size of the joint. It can also be annoying to dream of smoked ribs all day then get there to see that sad "sold out" sign. No beer or liquor either. 

Either way, I'm a fan and will definitely patronize the shit outta this place.
Absolutely amazing. My husband and I stopped in for a late lunch because after all 1lb of ribs is the perfect light lunch, right? Philadelphia definitely needed a no frills, fantastic BBQ place and this is it. I've had great southern BBQ and let's not forget Motown has some darn good BBQ too but this was fantastic. My husband ordered the brisket sandwich and I ordered the 1lb ribs, both with a side of cornbread. All of it was so delicious and we regret nothing. The only improvement would be maybe to have a BYOB option because I was definitely craving a beer during our meat utopia. Great addition to the neighborhood. I'm beyond excited to bring some of our friends here from out of town.
Love Mike's BBQ. Grab your free cold beer from the cooler when you arrive. The staff are really friendly, down to earth and offer great service. The food is excellent with the brisket and BBQ chicken being my favorites. Potato salad, Cole slaw and BBQ bean sides are amazing. Best BBQ in the city (as at Sept. 1, 2019). They sell out fast so I suggest you get there when they open.

Highly recommended

BK
After having BBQ in several states in the south and midwest, my standard is fairly high. I would give Mike's BBQ a solid 3.5. A bit of a rollercoaster for me, but the highlights definitely reminded me of some of the meats I had in the south. Relative to other BBQ joints in the Philly area, I would say it's one of the better ones for sure.

Food:
Brisket - Their best meat here from what I've tried. They serve it moist and it has a nice smoke ring with a beautiful bark on the outside. They smoke it properly because the brisket itself was tender, fatty, and rich. You don't have to worry about gettin a dry or tough brisket here (which you might in some Philly bbq joints). The bark itself has a peppery flavor but too mild for my taste. 

Short Rib - These things are huge! More like dinosaur ribs than beef ribs. Doesn't have quite the fat marbling like the brisket, but the meat is still tender and not dry. You get more of the meat here rather than the larger fat/meat ratio in the brisket. Flavors were mild to me similar to the brisket.

Pork Belly/Lechon -  Probably as good as the brisket here. The skin is like a chip - all crisp! You definitely get that nice pork flavor out of this meat. The meat was juicy and tender. There's a decent fat layer too that made this a rich meat.

Sausage - Not really a fan of this. I had it room temperature, the sausage was dry, tough, and fairly bland. 

Ribs - My least favorite of the meats. I am used to juicy, fatty, tender, and fall off the bone ribs. I did not think the ribs here had any of those qualities. To me they were dry, tough, and very mild in flavor. 

Price: 
Relative to other places I have been to the cost is higher than standard, $6-7 for 1/4lb of brisket to me is excessive.
I went to Mike's BBQ with my friends, a group of 6. There isn't that much seating. However, what truly matters is the food. I got half a rack of ribs, brisket, and mac & cheese. The ribs and brisket were so juicy, the ribs were tender but soft. You have to get the mac & cheese when you visit. It was amazing. My friend got the banana pudding, I was shocked when I first took a spoon full of the pudding. I thought it would be too sweet, but it was just right.
So I made a big mistake by getting take out from Mike's.  The mistake is that I had to drive almost 45 minutes back to NJ with all this food.  The smell was awesome and I continued to salivate the entire way home.  The homemade chips didn't not survive the ride. Thank God for the chips that came with the pullled pork sandwich - my wife found them just as tasty.   Besides the sandwich I also ordered ribs, wings, coleslaw and corn bread. They were sold out of the Italian Style Mac & Cheese. 

This past August I was schooled on "barbecuing" in Nashville by my buddy from Kentucky.  I thought the food was good there.  Mike puts their food to shame.  Mike's food was AWSOME!  The smokey flavor was spot on!  And it was remarkably tender and moist!  Everything that we ordered was perfect. The homemade Mike's sauces were a perfect compliment. I'll be going back for more!
Brisket sandwich, pull pork sandwich, small Mac and cheese, small corn salad, and two pieces of cornbread. Seemed like a reasonable amount of food when we were at the register. We ordered way too much food. 

The sandwiches both needed pickles in them or on the side to complete the sandwich. The side sauces were a nice addition to the sandwiches. The corn salad is basically all corn. Mac and cheese is quite good. Cornbread is huge. Literally the size of five pieces of Boston market cornbread. 

Thank god the cashier did ring up the banana pudding. There is no way we were going to finish that.
This is the best BBQ IN Philly. I got 1/4 brisket, crispy pork belly, and pork Mac and cheese balls. Brisket was really tender. Really good. The pork belly was really crispy. I thought the pork Mac and cheese balls were okay. I wanted to taste the Mac and cheese a little more. But overall, the meat was really well done and delicious.

One suggestion that I would say is that I think it would be great to have same spicy sauce. I thought the sauce with the meat was lacking a little kick of spice. I think the BBQ sauce was okay. 

But I enjoyed my food. Make sure you guys come like right before they open otherwise the line is gonna be long. They serve pretty fast though.
The people there are extremely friendly and the food is amazing! I love the variety of sauces that they have and the bacon potato salad plus the corn bread is the best in the city! I highly recommend that you check this place out if you're in the area.
Best bbq in philly hands down! We came all the way from Texas and wanted bbq and they delivered! Great service friendly staff and nice place to have food with friends and family. We will be back!
Love this bbq place.  Small, mom and pop place in Philly.  Don't knock this place from the outside. Go inside and try this place.  It's awesome.
By far the best BBQ I've ever had!! Been to the south and even they don't do it as good. Staff is fantastic, food is the bomb. If you're a foodie you've gotta check this place out. Brisket and ribs are a must!! The sausage is also pretty banging! There's literally nothing bad I can say about Mike's BBQ.
This place is fantastic. The food speaks for itself. And the BRUSSEL SPROUTS wow. Just wow. I can't wait to come back and do take out for my next family event. The brisket was phenomenal, ribs were fall off the bone delicious, and the chips were an incredible side. Great service as well! Wonderful recommendations!! Loved it, can't say enough.
I love barbecue (the food group, not the cooking device). I'm particularly partial to Eastern North Carolina's whole hog barbecue, but also endure regular hankerings for Central Texas brisket and sausage.

Now I only have to travel as far as South Philly fot barbecue that can hang with the best smokehouses in the South and Southwest. Mike's BBQ at 11th and Morris smokes the best local pigs and chickens and best brisket over real wood behind its tiny storefront. In only its second week, seemingly evet James Beard award winning chef has dropped in to reaffirm what I knew at first glance - this is killer barbecue in our own Philly backyard.

So far, it's open Wednesday-Sunday noon to 5, or until they sell out. Come early; leave full. Credit cards accepted; beers appreciated. Bring friends.
Mike's bbq open Wed-Sun 12Noon Till they sells out. On the weekends they sell out quickly depends sometimes sold out by 3-4pm. My fave to get there are cheesesteak brisket extra extra Cooper sharp cheese sauce for me. I'm not exaggerating when I said extra extra cheese either! Get that and thank me later. I also order brisket(this is the closest I can eat of a Texas bbq), beef ribs(special order them), pork belly( during weekends only omgggg it's so crunchy but there's also meat), smoked wings are amazingly good! Mike Strauss is the pit master of Mike's bbq. The staff is very friendly. Don't forget to get their banana q pudding! U will be head over heels with this. Order extra 3-4 because you won't want to share
My cousin and I went and it was the best brisket up ever tasted in my life so tender so juicy so Smokey any & everything you can ask for the brisket unbelievable and the price is very reasonable we would definitely be back there again
AWESOME!The only way to describe the food Mike's BBQ is cranking out fresh off the smoker. Make a point of a lunch time outing for the BEST BBQ IN PHILADELPHIA.
The BBQ was delicious! The ribs have a nice peppery taste. I also tried the bacon potato salad which was fantastic. The bacon potato salad was creamy and a little smoky. My husband ordered the smoked sausage stuffed with Gouda Mac and cheese. The food was served with a small amount of house made pickles. These pickles are not overly sour and they have a simi sweet after taste. 
The atmosphere is very small and seating is like first come first serve. They only serve bottled sodas  but it is a BYOB.
This legit bbq. Having grown up in the south I have been kind of disappointed with the bbq in philly until this place opened. They will take advance take out orders. People are super friendly and everything we have tried has been awesome. Give them a shot!
You know what I love about Mike's?? Everything! Consistantcy in the preparation. Flavor personified. Ohhh God, I'm in love! Keep up the good work!!
Obsessed with this new bbq spot in passyunk square! The food is delicious and the staff is awesome. Especially love the brisket and chicken wings! Highly recommend
"Game changer" is the first thing that comes to mind when I think of Mike's Brisket Cheesesteak. I first heard of this unique take on Philly's favorite sandwich from our friends over at the Jawn Appetit podcast, shoutout to Roy and Chanell, and I'm happy I did because it's one of the best things I've tried this year. Mike's BBQ is located in the heart of South Philly at a cozy location and is open Wednesday through Sunday from 12pm- 6pm or whenever the bbq runs out. Let me tell ya'll something, you better get with the Mike's wave early because they almost always run out of food. I walked up at 12:05 and there was already a line basically out the door, yes it's that fucking good.

Now full disclosure to my JG fam, as much as I was looking forward to this sandwich I was skeptical. In my experience as a cheesesteak connoisseur the specialty cheesesteaks usually never live up to the hype. Well not only did this beauty live up to the hype, it exceeded it something serious. Before you even make it to the door you're hit with the mouthwatering smoky BBQ scent, so before you get to the front to even place your order you're already drooling. I got to the front and ordered a cheesesteak and mac and cheese, as I was waiting I noticed the menu on the wall written on ripped up brown paper bag....right there I knew I was in for a treat. I wanted to try one of everything on the menu after watching people walk by with massive trays of sausage, ribs, pulled pork, chicken and more...all jokes aside I almost straight up took a rib off of one guys tray because it looked so good. Thank god my food came out right as I regained my composure because it was about to go down.


Mike's basically took all the basics of the Philly classic but somehow improved them. It comes with diced onions and their own homemade custom melted cooper sharp cheese whiz, on a seeded Carangi roll... combine that with their tender juicy brisket (they smoke their brisket over wood for 14 hours before cutting it into slabs) and you my friends have yourself a masterpiece. I've had a lot of outstanding cheesesteaks but I've never had one like this, the marriage of the melted cooper sharp and the succulent brisket is perfect. I can confirm this because me and the whole JG podcast returned a week later to have a "show meeting", which was just us devouring cheesesteaks and nodding our heads up and down even though no one was speaking. The mac and cheese was really good as well, they make there's Italian style which was a nice little change up from the norm. If you can't tell yet Mike's  gets a 10 out of 10 from your boy and now I want a damn brisket cheesesteak, Mike I'm on the way!
Ok it's official, I'm a major fan of Mike's BBQ. came here months ago for the chicken special and absolutely loved it. Most recently came to try the brisket cheesesteak and was just as impressed! They really have awesome food at Mike's!
We ordered delivery from Mike's a few weeks ago - delicious! My partner got the brisket cheese steak, which he said was great (but not a typical cheese steak, if you're craving something more traditional go elsewhere). We both wanted to try a bunch of things, so we also ordered the buffalo wings (good & smoky, but also not traditional - these were large, whole chicken wings), 1/4 lb of the brisket (should have ordered more, 1/4 lb was about 3 small pieces), fried brussel sprouts (YUM), the gouda mac-n-cheese (amazing - some of the best we've had in Philly), and a side of the house BBQ sauce to try. 

Everything was really excellent! Although if we're craving traditional wings and/or a cheese steak we will probably go elsewhere. 

Overall, probably closer to a 4.5 star rating, dropped a bit for weird business hours (we had to order super early) and a little on the pricey side for what you get (esp. for the brisket). But we will order again in the future!
I came across Mike's BBQ randomly 1 night so I decided to try it.
I went with the Gritty sandwich and it was fantastic. One of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time. The brisket was nice and juicy, it came with lettuce tomato, potato sticks, onions, gritty sauce and like a bbq seasoning on top. It seems so random to put this all together but it was great. The Gritty sauce was like a spicy mustard in a way which was great. The potato sticks were alright, they kept falling out of the sandwich unfortunately. 
It also came with chips, they were delicious.
I also tried the banana pudding, it was really good. Very caramel based.
Overall great meal. Will definitely be back to try the BBQ
I used to think there wasn't any great BBQ in Philly, but I've been proven wrong. The original reason I found Mike's is because I heard about their interesting take on a cheesesteak. It has smoked brisket and homemade cheese whiz. It's phenomenal! Definitely recommend getting it your first time there.

Another must-have item is their crispy pork belly. It's earth-shatteringly crisp, fatty, juicy and delicious. If you like some nice fatty pork, you'll love it. That and the brisket are my two favorite proteins, but we always need to get the Gouda mac and cheese and cornbread too. When you're able to dine-in, they have free beers while you wait for your order. Right now, they do pickup and delivery, but plan ahead because they do sell out!
1. So they say this is the best barbeque in Philadelphia. I say, "You are correct!" Lucky for me I did not have to travel far due to the fact I was staying in an Airbnb a few blocks away. So, this place is small, but smartly laid out. You walk in and there are seats on both sides of the space. At the front right you have the drink case and sauce station, then on the left there is the ordering counter where the menu is written on butcher paper (love the recycling !). But here's the kicker--free beer! Yes, free beer while you wait and dine in! Now I'm an IPA craft beer type but these Miller High Lifes??? OMG!! Were they refreshing and smooth. I'm convinced that beer reviews are written by these young bearded hippie Brooklyn types trying to promote their craft brands so they can pay for that $3 million pad in Williamsburg. But I digress. This just may be my go to beer this summer. So I grab a beer and proceed to order: half rack of ribs, one sausage link, two cornbread, potato salad, small mac and cheese and medium slaw--$46.44. (I had a guest). I think this was quite reasonable for two guests. The sauces are placed in bottles for you to squeeze out or package in mini plastic containers. WARNING: these sauces are highly addictive. I was drinking the Mike's sauce right out the cup. You heard me! I was drinking the sauce!! The sausage was spicy good and fat azz hell. Juices just kept bursting out that chubby little sucker!! The potato salad had bacon so that's all I need to say about that. Bacon just makes life better!! The ribs had tons of meat on them. It's my fault that I packed most of the ribs for take out and microwaved them to death as my midnite snack, but overall they were very good. Just look at my pictures. They do not lie. The guy at the counter was super friendly and helpful. He kept a smile on his face while taking phone orders, ringing up guests, and answering questions. He's in my pictures. Be sure to give him a shout out. I think next time I will pass on the ribs and get two sausage links. They were that good.
I'm a bit of a blood hound when it comes to tracking good barbecue joints, so it shouldn't come as a surprise that I needed to scope out Mike's after reading some rave reviews.

The ribs and brisket were smoked and served to perfection. If I had to over scrutinize, there was just a bit too much marble in my sliced brisket (and I recognize some people love fatty brisket, I just don't). Gouda mac and cheese was good, collards even better. And kudos to the pit master for tossing in some complimentary burnt ends!

Philly has a strong resume when it comes to barbecue spots, but Mike's fills a gap for East Passyunk/South Philadelphia. And unlike it's barbecue counterparts in other parts of the city, it's BYOB! Will be back soon.
The brisket was melt-in-your mouth incredible. Probably our favorite thing, but we were pleasantly surprised with the Brussels sprouts. They were amazing... that pork fat vinaigrette is delicious. I think that's what comes with the pork belly too, which was even better than the crispy pork belly they serve at Asian markets and hard to do. I liked the ribs, but they weren't quite as tender as I prefer. Both sauces were good, one of them nice and peppery although I wish they had a Carolina sauce (if they do I missed it). Lastly we tried the honey wings and the Buffalo which were a nice change from fried wings. Both good but I think Buffalo works better with the smoky flavor than the sweet honey, which could have used some salt or vinegar to balance it out.

 I wish they had a traditional dine-in option as well, we didn't realize you had to order online until we got there which was a tiny inconvenience but not a big deal. This place is definitely a must try if you want BBQ, it's better quality than most others in the city by far.
Loved the food and the vibe at this place. I walked in with my girlfriend one Saturday and were greeted with some free beer in the cooler (BYOB here , so probably cause of how hot it was that day). The meat had no sauce on it, which is good because I can add as little or a lot of sauce as I want. The brisket was delicious, along with the ribs. I think the chicken wings were one of the best I had from a bbq place. The dry rub on the wings was fantastic, not too salty either. Overall great place and will come back again.
Mixed feelings about Mike's.  The way my clothes smelled when I got home I felt I should've enjoyed my ribs more I did.  I found them overly fatty, a bit dry (maybe because I came late in the day?), and not with the flavor I expected.  Portion size was fine.  Sauces which are in squeeze bottles on the tables were excellent.

For sides, I had the Carolina Slaw (spicy!) and the Bacon Potato Salad which was out of this world amazing.  That's my tip: if you're torn on sides, GET THE POTATO SALAD!

Would like to try the brisket and the (rarely found at BBQ places) banana pudding on a future visit.
This place is freaking amazingggg. I've lived a block away from this building and many restaurants have come and gone but Mike's is the real deal. Goodness. I've been there several times now and had the following things: brisket, pulled pork, cornbread, and collards. It's all good. The brisket is out of this world tender and the corn bread is perfect. Mike's BBQ sauce is fanfreakingtastic, too. I also had the cole slaw, it's not my favorite cole slaw as I like a classic creamy type, but that's pure preference there. I can't say enough good things!
Some of the best BBQ I've ever had. And I'm from the South. Also, you can grab a free beer while you wait in line. Really good vibes and friendly service.

As for the food: the brisket is pure smoked heaven - melt-in-your-mouth, rich, meat oozing smokiness. There's something about the wood it's smoked with that makes it even better.

I've also had the pulled pork (definitely try this with vinegar) and ribs, which are also good. But the brisket is probably what stood out the most. You can take as much sauce as you need, and the sauces pair perfectly with all the meats. When the peppery sauce is at its prime, you can really taste the freshly cracked, perfectly sized black pepper bits. 

The sides are tasty as well, but the brisket and sauces are the star attractions for me. My only qualm is that the quality can be inconsistent. The second time I visited, my brisket was dry and less smoky, and the peppery sauce I loved so much only had a vague hint of pepper. Maybe it's better to come early. People start lining up minutes before opening on weekends.
tl;dr a frill-less Passyunk BBQ joint with a rotating menu and free brews

Leave it to Philly to give a hole-in-the-wall Southern BBQ joint the appropriate PA spin. The basic crimson walls are lined of framed photographs of Philadelphia architecture, classic sites, and local events. The menu is hand-written on butcher's paper and taped to the wall near the cash register toward the back, offering some unique options like a Brisket Cheesesteak with Cooper Sharp. The handful of unadorned wooden tables stuffed into the small space are decked out with 3 signature BBQ sauces (Sweet Heat, Vinegar Pepper, Mike's BBQ) and equally rickety chairs. 

My partner and I rolled through just before opening on a Sunday. By the time noon hit, a small, hungry mob had assembled before the door. We ravenously took our place in line and filed toward the back. After ordering, the cashier pointed us toward the cooler of Miller High Life (on the house), and then we grabbed an open table. Within 15 minutes, a server plopped down a heavy tray before us.

We opted for 1/2 lb Prime Brisket, 1/4 lb Pulled Pork, 1/2 lb Full Spare Ribs (which worked out to 4 bones), a Small Pickles, a Small Gouda Mac & Cheese, and a slice of Cornbread (as a note, the "small" sides were shockingly large). The brisket was juicy, tender, and flavorful -- I almost regret even dipping it in BBQ sauce. The ribs were similarly tender but lacked the same oomph in seasoning -- I still readily chowed down on them. Finally, the pork was the only underwhelming option of the bunch, so I used it to enjoy the house BBQ sauces (which, although sporting a slightly unpleasant water consistency, were pretty tasty). Moving to the sides, the gouda gave mac & cheese a surprisingly sophisticated taste, in relative contrast to the stereotypical hearty rendition. The pickles were tart and tasty, albeit one-dimensional after a few slices -- these would better be offered as a small portion on the house rather than a full side. Finally, the cornbread was a letdown, dry and with only a single-note of flavor.

For $40 between the two of us, it is a fair option for lunch. Mike's may well be the best BBQ in Philly --  but I wasn't blown away. Aside from the brisket, Mike's pales in comparison to the classic BBQ joints down south. Don't get me wrong -- I'll be back the next time I have a BBQ hankering, but I'll be sure to stick with the surefire hits.
Very Dissapointed. The first time that I ordered, the meal came 1 1/2 hour late and the ribs were soo dry.  Second time that I ordered, the ribs, mac and cheese and cornbread were perfect, but the potatoes in the potato salad were actually raw. Also, ordered a 1/4 lb of Brisket to try. It looked really skimpy so I weighed it and it was 2.63 oz for $8.
Food was perfect! I ordered the 1/2 lb brisket and the small mac and cheese. The portion was enough for serving two people easily. The brisket was so tender and delicious! 
The best parts: they offer free beer!!! YaY! 
And also what I loved about them is that they offer their sauces in an all-you-can-eat style!! There are different sauces and I tried sweat heat and the mike's bbq special sauce!

I definitely recommend this place.
Chicken wings were cooked then tossed in some seasoning which was good, topped it off with Mike's bbq sauce (wish it was thicker and not so watery), another customer said the brisket was amazing/ my husband didn't like it. Pickles were made with apple cider vinegar (different) but I liked it! Cashier was friendly and welcoming. -1 star for having the wings whole (flat, drumstick, tip all attached) and not cut, I don't like to eat the tip so that's a downfall for me
Mike's BBQ has some darn tasty BBQ. Called in a to-go over a few weeks ago and it was very good. It was very busy when I went to the pick up the food (lots of people waiting for food and no tables were available) and I did have to wait a little bit longer than expected, but it balanced out because they provided a free beer to people 21+ (it was highlife, but I am not going to turn down a free beer on a really hot summer day). See below for individual item reviews

The Gritty Sandwich (4/5): A Brisket + cheesesteak? What a match made in heaven! This was an unusual sandwich (with potato sticks on it) but it really worked. Whatever the sauce they used (a mustard, ketchup type sauce?) really brought the sandwich together and of course the the brisket was cooked perfectly. The addition of the Mike's bbq sauce or sweet heat was also key. I will be ordering it again. 

Side of Mac N Cheese (4/5): One of the better Mac N Cheeses out there. It was gooey, creamy,  and a definitely a little bit different (a white sauce). Would definitely get this item again any time I ordered from Mike's BBQ

Price (4/5): Its a BBQ place, which always runs a little bit expensive, but its nothing excessive compared to other BBQ places

Service (4/5): The cashier was really friendly and even though they were swamped, you could tell he was trying hard to ensure that the orders got out quickly. 

I will definitely be back!
Best BBQ in the city by far - the city of Philadelphia really needed a place like this. Texas quality BBQ in south philadelphia!! The Mac and cheese and potato salad with brisket and ribs is a must
This place is great! Being from St. Louis I'm picky about BBQ and overall this place is a win. It's in the old Barbacoa spot and is pretty small; I wish they had a few tables out front for more seating. The staff is great! We got ribs, brisket, pulled pork, Korean smoked wings, Gouda mac & cheese, bacon potato salad and chips. Wouldn't get the Korean wings again but everything else was solid. I wish the potatoes in the potato salad were slightly more done, it was on the verge of crispy. Also wish the chips had been crispy, some were a bit soggy and kind of gross. The free beer while you wait is a nice touch, though. I wanna go back & try some of their sandwiches, burnt ends and banana pudding!
Ever since Jason Segel held up the sold out sign for this place, I've been wanting to try it and finally got the chance to a few weeks ago. We ordered delivery and it DID NOT DISAPPOINT. Everything we had was super good and really satisfied my long standing bbq craving. Obviously we didn't dine in but the service was awesome with just the delivery. They gave us 3 large containers of their sauces (vinegar, sweet heat, and another one) and I loved all of them and I'm typically not a vinegar person.

Half rack of ribs - talk about fall of the bone soft. Perfectly seasoned and tender. I loved dipping every piece into all of the sauces. A must get!

Brisket - Also very soft and tender and well cooked. I think I just prefer ribs over brisket generally but this was just as delicious

Gritty cheesesteak - Loved the sauce drizzled on top and the little crispy fry chips gave it a good crunchy texture

Gouda mac and cheese - MUST ORDER.

Collard greens - was a tad too salty for me given the rest of the meal was pretty heavy as is. This would be the only item I probably wouldn't order again

This was also a TON of food and we were able to make 2 meals out of it between 2 people. We will certainly be putting this into our regular takeout/dining rotations.
Amazing bbq place. As soon as you walk in you can smell the smoky barbecue flavor. There are seating area but not many tables. You can go ahead and place an order for pick up. Mine was ready in 10 minutes. They deliver through caviar and accept card payment. There is a table for different kinds of the sauce and for different dish. Don't forget to get it to enhance the flavor of your meal. The sandwiches come with fresh potato chips. Salmon is available on weekends and served in a six ounce fillet. It's very good, not dry. I had half chicken also. Both of them are very moist with perfect barbecue flavor. The sandwiches are great too. There's nothing negative to say about the food here. The containers are environmentally friendly. It's sold out frequently, so you're better off come here early.
We drove from Manhattan looking for a quick bite and I found this place by accident. No wonder this place is rated 5 stars, because it is 5 stars! It was delicious. Nothing was dry, and the home made sauces where fantastic. One of the top bbq places we've ate from including other locations in USA and Canada.
