We visited this location for our second time yesterday, knowing with two misses at the Langhorne location, we will not be returning there for the "charm". 

At most restaurants, I get stuck in a rut and have the same old thing over and over, simply because I love it!  Miller's has such a tempting variety of foods, that it encourages you to try it all. 

I've had their Ribs, the Smoked Whitefish with Jalapenos, the NE Clam Chowder, The Crab, Mozzarella and Jalapeno wedges, Buffalo Shrimp tossed in a spicy garlic sauce, the Miller's Steak sandwich is DE bomb! Okay, so far, I have tried all of these and loved each and everyone of them! 

Yesterday hubby once again, is stuck on their fried clam strips and he does enjoy them tremendously! The Onion Soup's description was very enticing, stating it was laced with sherry, I thought okay, this is how it should be made and it has to be good. Wrong!! If there was one drop of sherry in the entire pot, I could not detect it. It was so incredibly sweet, you could not even taste the onions or beef stock! Hubby tried it too and after one bite each, we just set it aside. I then had a Caesar Salad, which was huge, crisp and as asked for, loaded with fresh shredded Parmesan cheese, $1.95!! Not sure if they have anchovies, as I carry my own. 

I ordered the Surf and Turf. I've never been a cheap date, but I always have plenty of leftovers! Their Filet Mignon is a nice thick center cut, it is tender, juicy and of good quality. The trouble with the Ale Houses is they can not cook a steak to order. Hubby had so much trouble with his Porterhouse at the Langhorne location and I ordered mine here MR towards M. It was Rare. I ate the two ends, which were still rare, but with my brought in homemade Bearnaise sauce, Oh shut up, I enjoyed the few bites I had. Guess what is for lunch today? 

So, you know what the Turf was, the Surf was 1/2 pound of KING Crab Legs, NOT! I did not say a word about the soup and Theresa did not ask why we were returning a full crock to the kitchen, but I did inquire about this "1/2 pound of KING Crab Legs". She just assured me they were King Crab and those 2 skinny little legs were 1/2 pound. I buy all types of crab legs to cook at home and they were not King Crab and that was not even close to 1/2 pound for the additional $7.00. 

I still want to go back for a few of what I Love's and to try the sizzling Shrimp & Chicken Fajitas and I love a good BBQ Pulled Pork. Sandwich. 

Hubby had a Pepsi and I had a very, very, very hot Bloody Mary! I think it starts with 1/2 pound of Tabasco sauce. 

Okay, the bombshell... remember the gift card that we did not want, from the manager at the Langhorne location? We decided to use it and it had a zero balance on it. Hubby was already out in the car and I called him back in. Scott, the manager on duty, came over and asked us why we had it. He then called the Langhorne store and he came back and compted us $40.00. 

Both Scott at the Philadelphia Ale House and Matt at the Langhorne Ale House were very nice and seemed to really want our return business. This was the third charm from the Langhorne location and we will try the Philly location again. 

If Miller's Ale House ever reads these reviews, I have one huge suggestion. I never saw Matt until it had escalated to the point of no return, literally. I saw Scott walking around, but not once did I see him stop by a table to welcome them or to see if they were enjoying their visit. Most issues and future problems can be nipped in the bud, if management stays on top of the cook and wait staff. Welcome your guests, stop by just to see how much we are or are not loving it. 

By the way, the restrooms are very clean and you won't find any Crabs in here either!
Ah Ha!  They are moving in where all the Smoky Bones left.  This one replaced a Smokey Bones and the new one ( opening soon) in Langhorne, near the Oxford Valley Mall, is moving into a building that was once occupied by Smokey Bones.  I never had the desire to try Smokey Bones, cause I never heard anything good, so I am assuming this was a nice switch.. Sing with me...yes it is a.... Chain, chain, chain....chain of...but it's good stuff!

This place has a Huge bar and plenty of floor space.  Very large Booths ( shiny ) and scattered tables, so you do not feel like you are eating with the couple from Timbuktu.  very clean, so far!

The original Miller's was founded in Juniper, Florida in 1988 by ex-Philadelphian's, Jack & Clair Miller.  

Hey this place is worth the try!  Prices are incredibly reasonable.  We each had a drink, hubby had a crock of New England Clam Chowder, that was good, I had a Smoked White Fish Appetizer with Crackers, that I would go back for.  He had Fried Clams, that he said "were the best he ever had" and an huge amount for $7.95 with Cole Slaw and fries and he did not finish them!  ( you have to understand, this is unusual ). I had a Full Rack of some of the meatiest, most tender Baby Back Ribs, that were so delish and I will be enjoying them for 3 days...Hubby is having grilled Cheese tomorrow night...I'll surprise him..ha.  All of that came to $44.00.  They claim they are known for their wings, but I am not into wings.

We chose to sit out on the patio and it was very nice. Trish ( Mary Trish ) was our server and what a delight!  Full of charm, energy and wit!  Loved her! As we all know, a server can make or break a meal, even though Miller's did not need the help for their delicious food, she just added so much more!

Anyway, go check them out!  http://www.millersalehouse.com/
Ok I hate to do this. Because the first few times I went here things were promising. Last night we not  only had a waitress but she was magician as well. She did the best disappearing act I have seen since I was 7. The only thing that she didn't disappear for was bringing the check back. It took a good 20 minute wait on her to just bring it at all, this being after we flagged down another waiter to form a search party. The wings came out with no sauce, the waitress once we flagged her down argued with us before taking them and putting "extra" sauce on them. It only was only downhill from there. I have the urge to do the math on how she completely lost her tip but I really would prefer to not relive it. The food was terrible, everything we ordered was bland. Also it looked like nothing was made in house. So I would rather go to the closest super market and buy that crap for a 1/4 of the price and cook it myself. At least then I would know it was cooked properly.

The only reason to go here is to get cheap beer and watch a game on the multitude of screens.
Service is hit or miss here but I love the food and the drink specials. When I come I usually get the chicken wings because they are so good or a cheese burger, the burgers are huge! 

On my most recent visit I came for one of their weekly specials and had the ribs with french fries meal. The portion is a decent size and the fries are seasoned, my meal was very tasty. Each week they have a special meal on the menu as the daily special. 

On some days they have kids eat free which is cool too! and they have drink specials that you dont only have to sit at the bar for which is cool if you have your kids with you.
I live a few minutes away from the Ale House and I go there frequently. The drink specials are amazing. Let's see here... $5 pitchers? $8 buckets (5 beers in a bucket)! Other cheap drinks and specials on specific days.

The food is mediocre except for the Clam Bake which is only about $16, you get crab legs, lobster tail, potatoes, corn, clam chowder, clam, oyster, i have a feeling I'm missing something else. Their clam chowder is actually really good. I would also try the raw oysters as an appetizer.

I enjoy playing pool and this is where I usually play.

The service is all right, it could be better but they are really nice so that's always a plus.

I would give this place 3 stars but they deserve 4 stars for their drink specials.
Over the years this place has gone down hill. My hubby and I met his family here over the summer for lunch and the service and food was sub par. I really don't like giving bad or negative ratings so I just decided to skip one all together however, this time hubby and I were coming from downtown around two and he mentioned coming here and giving them another try. I rolled my eyes but I was hungry and decided to take one for the team. We were sat right away near the bar & the bartender took our drink order and we ordered the loaded fries. Once our drinks came we ordered our lunch, we both decided on soup and salad. It was a good 10-15 minutes before our meals came out and she got my soup wrong, I honestly do not know how french onion soup sounds anything like Broccoli cheddar. So I had to wait again for the french onion soup. Please keep in mind our fries never came out, she never checked on us or asked if we needed refills. I was so annoyed because they were not busy at all I just asked for a check. 

Sadly this place has really taken a turn for the worse and you are better going somewhere they will treat you better.
Very nice place, the food is good and they have daily specials. The priices are incredibly low and the servers are very nice. They have alot on the menu from seafood, steak, chicken eyc.
We used to frequent the one in langhorne which was great, however the last two tones my steak was all gristle. Tonight we went to this location on the boulevard. Awful.
35 minute wait for the most disgusting food.
The zingers were dry and tasteless despite ordering medium heat.
I ordered chicken parm to share with my son and had to send it back. The sauce had zero flavour and tasted like cheap canned stuff. 
The chicken had burned soggy breading...I could tell they used the same pan unwashed all night.
I tried even putting ketchup. I had to send it back...and the bad attitude off the waitress since we sat was a red flag for me not to order another meal or it would be highly likely there would be spit in it.
So I sat there and ate nothing. And I'm not picky and never in my life sent a dish back.
I'm a mom who doesn't get out anymore and this was our first night out in a long time.
Thanks for destroying it.
I'm back home, in the kitchen, cooking cuz I'm hungry as hell. Thought I'd have, for once, a night off.
Miller's is a great place to kick back, have a beer and watch the game. I like the atmosphere. 

I know from experience that Miller's is a very busy restaurant, especially on weekends. We walked in and the hostess let us know it'd be a 30 minute wait. In 15 minutes, we got a text saying our table was ready. 30 minutes isn't that long, but I was happy our table was ready earlier than expected. Brownie points for sure. 

Our waiter came over and his name tag said "Eddard Stark". My boyfriend immediately recognized this as a Game of Thrones reference. Ed was friendly and fun and came over a few times to make sure we were good on beer. 

I asked for the crispy cauliflower appetizer. It was good, but just a little too spicy for me. It comes with a side of ranch dressing for dipping. Even with the ranch, the spiciness was overpowering. Definitely one of my favorite vegetarian menu items, though. 

My friend ordered a Zingers Mountain Melt. It was brought to the table piping hot and looking fresh. Seasoned French fries and chicken fingers covered in melted cheese, it's known to be a staple on Miller's menu. 

Thank you for the awesome service and delicious food!
For a chain, Miller's isn't too bad.

I hadn't been here in over a year after a truly HORRIBLE experience with my server and then the manager on duty. I ended up speaking with the owner the next day, who informed me that this particular manager had already put in his two weeks notice and clearly didn't care anymore. While this is certainly no excuse, I accepted his humble apology. However, I wasn't in a rush to return here.

The other night, a friend (who loves Miller's) suggested we go for dinner and a couple of drinks. The four of us went and it was packed. It was Saturday night at around 9 o'clock, so I have no issue with that. We waited about 10 minutes for a table, which was just fine. 

I noticed that since the last time I was there, they have really come a long way with their craft beer selection. I always like to see that. Also, the prices weren't terrible, averaging around $5 each- pretty standard. Food prices were good too. I ordered the 35 shrimp, which is 35 fried shrimp with cole slaw and one side- for $9.95. Not bad at all! It also tasted pretty decent. My husband had the prime rib sandwich, which he said was very good, and the other two in our group had burgers, which also looked pretty good.

For the most part, this place is decent. Nothing amazing, but certainly not bad. For an affordable night out, this is a pretty good pick, especially if you're looking to stay in the Northeast.
This place is just another super tacky TGI Friday's-ish place. Went there because we were starving and it was really late so none of the good restaurants that are within 5 minutes of my house were open.

The menu (which is perched on the edge of the table for you to grab for yourself) is just the standard chain restaurant burgers, fajitas, mozzerella sticks, etc. I just got fries, which were not crispy or good at all. My boyfriend said that his cheeseburger was "pretty good," which in his case was a compliment, especially for a place like that.

I'm giving the place two stars instead of one because after automatically assuming that they'd have a shitty Chickie and Pete's style beer list, we ordered Blue Moon and Miller Lite only to find out later that they actually do have a few decent beers on tap.
Good wings & Zingers. I do not drink when/if I drive so I cannot say too much about their beer selection but it looked pretty extensive for places in NE Philly.  All the food was huge portions and pretty tasty. 

This would be the perfect place to watch a game of any sport. They have flat screens every where. I mean everywhere. Above every booth & table, all around the bar, larger ones on the back wall. Literally ever surface large enough to mount a flat screen on has one. I need to check the bathroom next time and see if they are in there as well. It wouldn't surprise me.

*WARNING* Only order one of the desserts if you have at least 4 people with you who are willing to share - they are HUGE - but oh so good!
I recently went here for my birthday while looking for a restaurant the covered both surf and turf parts of the menu. I was pleasantly surprised to find such a place fairly local and so reasonably priced as well. We had great service and there was a large beer selection both foreign and domestic with which to wet my appetite with. Our service was quite good and very accommodating. The atmosphere was that like a sports bar with many TVs positioned around the place playing local sports. They have a very extensive menu for whatever mood your in.
This place is good for what it is - a standard bar/restaurant with a target demo of middle-aged people who drink on weekdays and enjoy large servings of food to accompany their booze.

The specials are pretty bangin'. I went on a Thursday - $8 for 5 bottles of Miller Lite, Bud Light or Bud Light Lime (there might be more, I forget). They have different specials everyday, so it's worth checking out.

The food is not anything to rave about, really. Standard bar fare, large servings. It is sort of a family restaurant, but I am generally averse to having babies anywhere there is a full bar out in the open.

Bonus: Pool table and a few arcade games.
I was very excited to go to Miller's Ale house although I don't drink beer. I was surprised at their affordable selection of alcohol. My friend and I ordered a pitcher of red sangria and it was delicious! The drink was not watered down and we could definitely taste the alcohol. I also ordered the seafood Mac and cheese which was good and my friend ordered the cajun chicken pasta. Our portions was large and very much worth the money. The restaurant was packed but hey what can you expect for a Friday night our food came on time there were tv's all around for entertainment and our waiter was nice. Overall I enjoyed my time!
Nice atmosphere. Good fast service. Good food. Prices were affordable as well. Definitely will go back soon
Dinner at the Bar Review...

Staying at the Four Points next door (random, yes... but I only do it so I can get more info to share on Yelp)... so I walked here before MNF to check it out.

Had the Monday Night special $13.99 Full Rack of Baby Back Ribs.

Quite bone right off the meat delicious... except the first rib was kind of cold, so I had initially thought I'd be disappointed. However, I still have 1/2 a rack sitting in my hotel frig, so quantity was definitely not a problem.

The stuffed jalapenos were quite tasty. It was a rather unique version of the dish... It was like a friend wonton (the skin was)... wrapping philly cream cheese and slices of jalapenos. I liked it.

Tons of drink specials... There's almost always at least some sort of $2 pint special or bucket special (5 for $8 MGD Miller Light, or Bud Light).

Kind of thinking I'll come back at least one more time before I check out on Friday.
They call this place a Sports Bar, but they don't get Comcast Sports Net in Philly, which is the home of the Phillies and Flyers and all of the important local college basketball.
So let me get this straight:
You advertise yourselves as a "sports bar" located in one of the most rabid sports towns in America and you don't get Comcast Sports Net?
That's like being in New York City and not getting The New York Yankee network.
I walked into that place and specifically asked if I could get the Temple basketball game on the other night.
She asked what channel it was on?
I said Comcast Sports Net.
She said, "I'm sure we do. I'll get the manager to put it on. Can I get you anything?"
I asked for a bucket of Miller Lites.
Then the manager comes out and said, "We don't get Comcast Sports Net?"
"You don't get Comcast Sports Net?" I asked incredulously.
"No, all of our stations come out of New York," he said.
"Well, this is Philly," I said.
I went down the street to Hooters.
They had Comcast Sports Net.
I'm still holding at a solid three stars and still like this place for the most part. The staff, in particular our server this evening was on point and I was in a party of nine. 

The Cajun chicken pasta promised a spicy kick from the menu description but did not deliver. The chicken was very nicely cooked though and the garlic bread was good. I was also able to get a free order of zingers (chicken tenders) to go because I signed up for the newsletter which was cooI. I ordered the mango habanero sauce again hoping for some heat which should be hard to miss considering the pepper involved. The sauce was as flat as a TV screen and about as hot as an ice cube (sigh). I think I will stick with their burgers or ribs.
So my boyfriend and I came here on a whim since the place we were supposed to go to did not work out. Upon coming here, the place was somewhat crowded and would've been a 20 minute wait for a booth so we decided to sit at a high table at the bar. Our waitress came over and proceeded to tell us that she was new and that she is shadowing someone else who is training her on the job.

I ordered the shrimp scampi along with spinach and artichoke dip and my boyfriend ordered the crispy cauliflower appetizer with salmon and fries. Surprisingly, the food was really good! Although I was apprehensive at first since they did not have angel hair pasta, the fettucini was equally as good. The biggest surprise had to be the "Crispy Cauliflower" appetizer! I ended up tasting it at my boyfriends request and it was really good! Additionally, I ordered 2 glasses of Riesling since they did not have any bottles for sale.

The resturant itself was very clean, the food was very good and the staff was very efficient and friendly. Although we did not initially set out to come here this night, I was very impressed with the food and would definitely recommend coming here. There is plenty of parking in a large plaza with other stores- it is a convenient location for a great night/day out.
Thursday's are prime rib special! It's always cooked the way we ordered. The best part of the place is that they have a dessert not on the menu called funnel fries. Just ask for it. So good !!! You have a choice of ice cream and some sauce like chocolate or Carmel. Also the server Lee is on the ball , friendly and knowledgable of the menu.
I was here twice. 

Visit #1: Went there solo for food and beer. It was crowded. Sat at the only empty spot at the bar. Waited way longer than I should have. Bartender never acknowledged me. I left. That was definitely a first for me. Strange.   

Visit #2: Went there with a girlfriend on a football Sunday. Seated in a corner booth with a TV right above it. Music and TV so loud it was uncomfortable. Food was just okay. I think I ordered fried clams. (?!?!) 

- You can't screw up fried clams.
- Shame on me for ordering fried clams at a joint like this. 

I concur with Rob R., it is painfully, painfully chain-like. If you're the football jersey, Miller Lite - type, this may be for you. 

I don't think I'll be back. They're lucky I went back the second time.
I do want to update regarding my complaint, the manager Steve did take care of the situation, he was very professional and nice, so I do want to thank him.
I also hope that what I have brought to their attention will be taken in consideration and changes will be,made, however, the big change needs to be on the dept. that handles the recipes for the restaurant and who ever comes up with the recipes, re-check and re-taste.
again, thank you Steve for you time.
Beer selection: 31 taps, but 9 are lights or common lagers (e.g. bud light, MGD).  This is especially disappointing when the Philadelphia Brewing company is right down the road.  (I really should have gone there.)

Ambiance: Although the bar looked nicely kept, it smelled notably... I expected those tiny fruit flies, but did not observe any.  

Patrons: The crowd was quite loud and raucous.  Very spirited - just what you might expect from the F'ing Jersey/Philly crossover neighborhood!  F'ing YEAH!  (F YOU!)

Service: Very slow.  It took about 5 minutes for the staff to even ASK what I wanted.  This was surprising since it was really not busy -- the Eagles had just lost in the playoffs, and the rats were deserting the ship.  Most of the people at the bar were actually bartenders.  (So, why was the service so bad?) (Oh, I am am really sorry about insulting rats.)

Food: I never got asked what I wanted to eat so I cannot tell you what the food tasted like, although the menu (which featured a raw bar, seafood, and steaks) appeared to have a good variety at low price points.

Best Point: Carry-out beer.  Tons O' flat Screens.
Half decent drink specials. Probably the worst wings I've ever eaten.
I made the mistake of ordering raw oysters here. Ugmhhmmhhuuhh, the memory made me throw up in my mouth a little. Thank God the beer was cold. Nothing to see here, folks. Keep moving.
I am updating my review for this place; after I wrote my last review, I was contacted by the general manager, who apologized profusely & sent me a $40 gift card to give them another shot. Service was much improved from my last visit, and while the food was OK, for what they charge, it could have been larger: I ordered the grilled chicken breast sandwhich, which came on a huge kaiser roll, with a TINY piece of chicken on it. It tasted OK, but the sandwhich was mostly roll, & I did leave there hungry. I mean, I didn't order a Filet Mignon sandwhich, it was chicken. C-H-I-C-K-E-N. They could have at least put a whole breast on there. VERY disappointing.  My wife & son were both pleased with what they ordered,so I guess maybe it's just me, and while I appreciate Miller's generosity in extending me the gift card, I won't be returning.
Another year in the League, another year of being middle of the pack. Bartender Phil runs his bar like he runs his Fantasy squad. He has some home runs, like the Zingers, and a good beer list, but he doesn't have the closing power to bring this establishment to the Bowl. On a recent night at the bar, I asked Phil why my Asian Chicken Salad was dry, and he gave us the same routine about how its better at the other Miller's that he works at. Yeah, OK Phil, just like you're in first place in your other league every year... were almost 40 dude- let me guess your girlfriend is smoking hot and you met her at camp last summer.....Maybe less time hounding the single moms and hostesses , and more time making trades, and he can turn Millers around to a perennial Boulevard contender.
Been here more than a few times, atmosphere is nice, place & bathroom always clean. But I really think they should stick to bar foods, their dinners are really horrible. After the second time of not eating hardly anything off my plate I won't be getting a dinner from here again. The first time it was the ribs, tasted like hotdogs, and a over cooked potatoes. The second time it was their "special" blue cheese pork chops, the plate was the most pathetic thing I've ever seen, 3 tiny pork chops, not too bad but I think they forgot to cook the one, a potato I wouldn't give to the dogs and mushy, yet hard corn. After asking for another potato I received another just as bad. I ended up sharing my husbands shrimp platter and left mine on the table. Their zingers and other bar foods are good however.
I'll start of by saying that Millers used to be one our favorite spots. Lately though, the food has been just horrible. The steaks had no flavor, and were over cooked, the crab leg were way over cooked and had a bad taste, the twin lobster tails came out cold and were like slimy rubber. The reason I gave them 2 stars is the servers are all very friendly, the reasonable prices, the drink specials and the sports on TV. I would only recommend Millers for appetizers and drinks and no way for a full meal.
This is a great spot to hit up with a group of friends. I usually go here when I don't wanna run into the crowd at BWW. Their appetizers are pretty damn good. Wings are also really good. If you like a sports bar with good food and that's not packed (like bww) then you found your spot!!
So this was my first time here, so it's clean and there is bar, service was good. But my salad was so salty that I probably drank weekly reserve of water. So they should went with either quantity or quality. Small 5 shrimps. At least amount of chicken was enough. Fresh tomato and egg. I know it says sodium warning, but like wasn't expecting that much. Oh yeah lemonade was good.
This may become my new favorite local chill spot. Good food, good drink deals, and like a gazillion TVs for sports viewing. #FTW
I really love Miller's but sometimes it's hit or miss with the food. I was there recently for a post graduation lunch/dinner with 4 other people. Our waiter was nice & did his best considering there were several others from prior graduation celebrations. The majority of the orders were fine but one was a bit overdone. We waited awhile to be served but all in all it was a pleasant visit! 

In an earlier takeout order, we had ordered the 20 piece wings but only to find out that we were short 4 wings. I called & spoke to a manager (forgot his name) who stated that it was busy that night but that would not be tolerated. He guaranteed that I would be sent a gift card but it never came. I'm
a bit disappointed that no one (even when brought to the attention of a manager later) offered to take care of the issue.
Philadelphians can be such whiners.  For what it is (a sports bar with good food and great beer), this is one of the best.  Sure, it's not a five star restaurant, but the prices are reasonable and the food is good.  Try the twin lobster tails (real Maine lobster) or the Lobster Bake (actually boiled).
I've had many good experiences at Miller's. After tonight, however, I don't think I'll EVER be returning. My husband and one-year-old son and I wanted a quick bite to eat on our way home from a viewing for a relative who had passed away. Not only did we have to wait for a table when there were four or five visibly available booths, we then sat there for fifteen minutes and were completely ignored by more than one server passing by. We weren't even asked if we wanted to order drinks! Poor service is one thing; this was nonexistent service. When we walked out and were told to have a good night by the hostess, I informed her that a server never even came to our table. Her response was, "Oh, really?" Yes. Really. We will not return.
The zingers are amazing especially the mix with hot and sweet Thai sauce.
Also the desserts are very good, the buried treasure is by far the best dessert they have.
The rest of the menu is decent and has a good variety.
I'm a regular here at Miller's. I remember when this location was Smokey Bones which was horrible. Anyway, I got here around 4pm on a Saturday afternoon with a friend. Hostess was friendly. Instead of waiting for twenty minutes for a booth, we opted for a high top table in their terrace/additional seating area. The restaurant seating area was packed while our area was slowly filling in with all the college football fans wandering in. 

We had a seat. There only seemed to be one server in the area so it took him about six minutes to realize we were there. I ordered my favorite, draft of Angry Orchard beer and my friend had a regular margarita. We chatted for a while,looked over the menu and half of my beer was gone before we could place an order. Smh. Sheesh. We finally ordered our food. I ordered the fish tacos which were awesome. No complaints at all. Friend ordered chicken quesadillas. 

Honestly I love sports bars and this one is my favorite simply because of their huge beer selection! Food is good as far as appetizers. Their regular menu items get a slight nod of approval. Weren't the best entrees. But then again I don't go to a sports bar for a Great entree. The service needs a slight boost though.
First, a shout out to the manager. She is doing a spectacular job at making her guests feel welcomed and valued.

Second, I'd like to say that my lunch was pretty decent. The Buffalo chicken sandwich was absolutely huge... And it was also pretty good. The Caesar salad was nothing too spectacular - But it was fine. This place is a part of a small chain restaurant and is a decent place for  a meal or a beer.
My husband and I came here for dinner last night at the last minute. The parking lot look crowded but it wasn't super busy. We were seated right away and our waitress, Steph, came to us right away. She was great!
We started off with the Bavarian pretzel with mustard and beer cheese dips. Hubby said the mustard was good. The beer cheese was amazing. For entrees I had the 35 shrimp meal and my husband had the steak and  boom boom shrimp. We both enjoyed our meals. Steph was on top of our refills and anything else we needed.
Miller is a great sports bar filled with many television all around and a great list of food they served. This is the usual spot me and my husband and friends come to enjoy basketball, football, and even fights. The employees accommodate our request and change the channels whenever we request a specific game to be broadcast. It is never a disappoint with the service but the food quality does vary depending from time to time. The one specific food I like to order from here is the baby rack ribs. Their ribs never fail with the sauce and the juicy texture. I was really impress with their ale appetizer combo with potato skin, mozzarella sticks, onion rings, and spinach dip.
Go here to drink beer and to eat fried stuff or a burger.  They have awesome beer specials - like 5 bud lights or miller lights bottles for 8 dollars.  This is a steal!  But if you go here expecting fancy and ambiance you are going to be disappointed.  If you go here with realistic expectations of eating deep fried wings, fries, mozzarella sticks, or a burger - all while being entertained by the sites and sounds of Northeast Philly's finest - tattooed neck dudes and trash mouth sluts - you will be leave amused, happy and satisfied.   I like this place for what it is.   

Also good place to go watch a Phillies or Eagles game.
We stopped here because my car was being worked on down the street at the first dealership. It was pretty empty inside and not a lot of staff working on this particular day. I ordered the Mac and cheese zingers and it honestly looked horrible when it got to me. Didn't look like the picture on the menu at all. But I decided to make the best of it and try it. The chicken was as awful as it looked so I pretty much just ate the Mac and cheese under it and left the chicken. I didn't say anything to the waiter because I know he was overwhelmed being understaffed and it wasn't his fault. My husband got the steak, he was pretty satisfied with it. I might go here again if I am at the car dealer but I will never order that meal again. Too many other places I like to go here again.
This is nice sports bar. Very large bar in the center of the room and lots of booth seating around it. TVs are everywhere in here. My lunch date and I were promptly greeted and seated. Our server was appropriately attentive, not overbearing and not in hiding.

We both had burgers and they pretty damn good. Mine was called the Cue Burger. It had cheddar, bacon, onion straws and BBQ sauce. It came with fries but not a pickle. I wish I had asked for one. The fries were good but not plentiful. The whole thing I would order again though. I also had the biggest glass of beer ever (almost as big as the boot) for under 5.00, all told our two burgers with fries and two drinks set us back a little of 30.00, not bad.
We were looking forward to trying it here because there is one opening up close to us in South Philly. We also wanted crab legs and when I was looking on Yelp for places that have crab legs it came up. Went on a Monday night so apps are $5 from 5-7.  We got Asian pork dumplings and the zingers everything was really good. 3 of us had the crab legs and they were good. Price was right. Looking forward to this opening closer to us!
Standard Ale House experience, but this one has more deadbeats hanging around than the other big one in Langhorne does. This one has an amazing firepit thing that no other restaurant in the area has, however. Very nice place!
Miller's is a good neighborhood stand by in an area where good dining options are few & far between.  Everything I have ever eaten here has been very good & very reasonable.  Great beer specials too (althought I wouldn't particularly recommend the mixed drinks).
I really like sitting outside...even if it is chilly they keep it nice & warm out there.  Solid spot!
The food was very bland today usually I love coming here for the zingers but something wasn't right maybe a new cook or something I wish I went somewhere else.
Late night stop with some friends and a baby for dinner - I wasn't really excited to go because of the low ratings on yelp but luckily I had no say since I wasn't the driver (as usual) so we ended up here anyway. And I'm glad about it !

It's a sizable restaurant with a huge bar room for smoking which is cool if you smoke and the ventilation system must be fantastic because no smoke comes out when the door opens and closes. The wait wasn't long - maybe ten minutes, and there is ample seating for waiting for a table. We went to the middle waiting room and chatted until we were seated.

We had an awesome server who wasted no time and switched our drinks out when we didn't like them. I ordered the jambalaya because I have to order it whenever it is offered and I got it over rice instead of pasta. FANTASTIC ! it was so good and so filling that I only ate half and I was really trying. My friends got wings and they were great too. 

It's not a fancy schmancy place but it gets the job done. All for $12.
Millers is great! We never had bad service or a bad meal here! I highly recommend it for a date night or girls night or any occasion! The new deck is very cozy but gets loud sometimes with other patrons who don't know how to be respectful. Their food is always tasty and enough to bring home stuff! You will never get a bad meal here I highly recommend Millers!
wings were really undercooked.  i couldn't even finish them, which is saying a lot.  great for watching a game with some buddies and beers.  food isn't really that good.  stick with nachos or something
Great service and excellent food today.. We all left full and happy keep up the good work... and as always we will be back!!!
This place was the embodiment of my second biggest fear about moving to Philadelphia (the first being the bone-chilling cold). It was late one night, and I needed something to eat. Not another diner I hoped. I stumbled across the place late on a Sunday night. 

First, it's great that this place was open, because most places in the are were not. It kind of felt like that movie "Seeking a Friend for the End of the World" with Steve Carrell and they find a restaurant open and its the worst mix of brewhouse chain with trying to do everything and doing everything poorly.

I missed home and was craving Mexican food and I was delighted to see Fajitas on the menu. I broke my own rule about not ordering food that the restaurant clearly does not specialize in. I ordered the chicken fajitas (good price by the way), and man was I disappointed. At first I was mad, because I thought, how can you not make a decent fajita? But yeah, everything just seemed to be super processed and not fresh. Microwaved pre-seasoned by someone who's never even seen a Mexican frozen chicken and then plopped on an ungodly hot skillet. The shredded cheddar "cheese" was not cheese, but it did look like it. It was just flavorless orange matter.

I must say though that the service was good and the dessert was actually really good. It was this gut busting ice cream pie like thing. I don't remember the name. Captain Jack's special pie or some nonsense. 

I also ordered a couple appetizers; there's some deal where they're half price late night. I had the buffalo shrimp which were disgusting, and the calamari which were OK. If I were kidnapped and hadn't eaten in a while, I'd order that along with that dessert. Not the fajitas though. I'd have to be at least 5 days without food to entertain the idea of swallowing those.

There are several large flat screen TVs so I think this place would be good for grabbing a beer and watching a game.
Good food, good prices, good atmosphere and good service I tried takeout for the first time and I can say it's good some places are only good for eating in but the takeout is just as good.
It's a good bar place for the Northeast part of philly...it's really cheap...but in the end it's just a nicely put dive bar
"Blah" is the word I'd use to describe this place.  I went there for the first time, recently, and can say I won't be back.  You know how you can walk into a bar and instantly get a feel for the place?  Well, not here.  The atmosphere is non-existent.  It's a bar that lacks any kind of feel - it's just, well, sterile.  It has the makings of a bad version of TGI Fridays. I just didn't think the place had any personality.  The bartenders were decent, but the guy that waited on my buddy and me acted like he'd rather be stepping on land mines than working.  I don't know.  This place didn't do anything for me, so I have to give it a low rating.
(vegan review)

horrible if you're vegan. they have a separate "vegetarian" menu that they break out only if you ask for it, only everything on there is loaded with cheese. they have a veggie burger of questionable veganness.

this place is even worse if you don't drink. if you drink and eat meat, you'll have a much better time here than if you do not.
My party of 7 stopped here yesterday for lunch.  We had to wait a few minutes because there was no one at the front desk seating anyone.  Once the hostess came back she began seating the groups of people waiting.  Once she got to us she told us it would be a few more minutes so they could put some tables together. When it was all said and done it took roughly 10 minutes to be seated.

Service was slow and the waitress would disappear for long periods of time. I asked for butter for my corn on the cob but it was cold by the time she brought it to me.

The food was bland and cold.  I opted for an entree on the Ligher Fare Menu.  I ordered the chicken breast platter which came with red bliss potatoes and corn on the cob.  The chicken was rubbery and had no flavor.  I loaded the corn and potatoes with salt pepper and butter but they were bland as well.  I was so disappointed with dinner I didn't even bother ordering dessert
Nice atmosphere, good selection of beer , but when you mess up with the order i and  charge you for things that you did not get it right  , you got to say there something wrong with the staff in the kitchen  and the manager Jason, he came to our table and apologized and offered nothing yet I would say come to this place for a beer only, otherwise the service stinks terrible
Went with my cuz on Wednesday night for their "Lobster Dinner."  See menu.  I have no complaints.  Brena's service was superior.  Manager stopped over to see how everything was going, nice touch.  Staff was friendly and pleasant.  Ambiance acceptable with nice and high back booths for privacy aura.  Yea, I'd go back and I'd recommend this place.
Ok I went back a couple more times and sampled more of the menu. 
If you like buffalo wings or Zingers then they are a must have here. All their flavors are pretty good and do not taste like they just watered down some Tabasco. The jalapeno "pillows" are good but not worth the $7+ they charge for them. The hamburger and turkey burger was disappointing and seemed like they were pre-fab patties. The fries are nothing special and the same goes for the nachos. Their beer battered onion rings were tasty though. 

The desserts are still worth the $4 for something the size of my head. 

This once again is definitely the best sports bar in the far Northeast to watch a game at. There are flat screens everywhere with speakers laced generously through the ceiling. So even with a full house you still can hear every call and comment during the game.
First let me start off by saying although I have been to my fair share of fine restaurants I would never consider myself a dining expert. But when I tell you that I would not send my grandchildren's grandchildren to this place I mean it. I got the New York strip with rice and beans and when I tell you it was the worst steak dinner I have ever had in my life I mean it. If you can actually digest your meal you will not be pleased with the service it is at best a 4. By the way this is also my first review I have ever written in my entire life so you know it's bad. Go to Wawa.
Wow. Cool spot! Nick working it behind that bar! Seafood Mac & cheese!! Huge plate & deelish! And I got garlic Parm wings. If u like em crispy better request that. But they r big! Tons of beers & tons on tap! I enjoyed $2.75 Bud Lite then $1 more 23 ounces! Music playing, TVs just casual atmosphere. Sports barish but better food. Lot of variety actually so everyone in your group should be happy. Daily specials, late night happy hrs. Def my kinda place! I'm from outta town so this was my 1st time. I'd def come back. ONLY complaint-it's so freaking hot in here I'm sweating thru my clothes!! Turn heat down geeZ!!
Second time here and again pleased. I love the Buffalo shrimp with sweet chili tai sauce. Zingers are always good. Last time asked for the calamari and it was missing.  It made an appearance this time and I was happy to see it, nice and crispy and does have that sweet tai chili sauce on it. The fish tacos were ok. And the Cajun chicken pasta was tasty. Looking forward to going back to try more of their menu choices. Also reasonable drink specials. For a sports bar very good.
Millers is one of my "go-tos" for game watching of any kind, but you have to get there a little early if you want a real seat.  Otherwise, you'll find yourself as part of a Eagles/Phillies/Flyers jersey-wearing throb of thick-necked wannabe jocks with their dolled up, potty-mouthed girl friends passionately yelling at the screen.  Yes, you get a real feel of NE Philly sports fever at Millers, especially during game time.

Millers has great drink specials and a wide range of artery-hardening, but oh-so-tasty food on a menu perfect for game watching.

My favorite dishes:
-zingers.
-french onion soup (one of the better ones in the area).
-NE Clam Chowder
- shrimp & crab quesadilla
- mini burgers with sweet potato fries (I'm not a fan of the regular fries).
-the big red
-and the list goes on.....

Can you see why Millers is my game watching go-to spot?
We have been going to Millers for 5 yrs every Thursday night for our date night . We have met a great group of friends and we dine together every week . We have the best server ( meg ) and we have the best service . Just love her !!! We also are a group of 18 that come to the Super Bowl party every year . Rumor has it that the new owners may not sport the Super Bowl this year !!! Many of us are upset that this could take place . Please don't let this Happen !!!
I have now dined here twice- both within about two or three months of each other. Both times were pretty disappointing overall.

On both occasions, my girlfriend and I came hungry and craving sandwiches. The first time, I had a pretty bland chicken sandwich on a stale roll. It wasn't actively terrible, but still not good. The second time was horrible. 

I ordered the prime rib sandwich. What came out was a disaster. The meat was very fatty, cold and over-seasoned, yet had no taste, was bone dry, and the bread was incredibly stale. The fries weren't even edible (though, in hindsight, I could have been so put off by the sandwich that the sight of any food made me nauseous). 

So, why two stars? A few reasons- 1) 3/4 members of the staff I've interacted with were noticeably friendly, including the manager who came to the table after the server noticed I barely touched the prime rib sandwich, 2) the multitude of TVs is pretty a pretty cool experience on game day, and 3) the nachos are pretty ok (at least the girlfriend thinks so).

Basically, I'm never going again.
The food was very good today and I was impressed. They also have new menu items. Everything was so savory. The Sangrias is great and the watermelon margarita was awesome. Good job today Millers! You've made good improvements.
I went here for the first time today. The first time I tried to go, they were closed because they didn't have electricity? I sat at the bar for a late lunch and noticed three waitstaff/bartenders on their phones at the end of the bar. I waited about 5 minutes before being being greeted. I ordered a French onion soup and a Caesar salad, neither of which were anything above mediocre.  The worst part of the experience is probably the waitstaff. Everyone is on their phones and very distracted. There's a pretty bad attitude amongst the group. I don't typically leave bad reviews but this place struck me as very odd.
Ordered dinner from here and everything turned out pretty well. They forgot one of the meals, but we were able to manage around it (luckily) and the manager was very accommodating in trying to resolve the issue. Regardless, food was good - well as good as bar food can be! 

I've been here for a happy hour and had a good time. The venue is pretty big and I like the setup. I wonder what it is like when it gets crowded but it seemed like an open and friendly environment with people of all ages! I'd come back!
They place is great. Food is very good and nice staff. The outside bar is cool. Try it
Amazing place! Started going when I lived in South Florida at the Davie Ale House back in the day. Highly recommended!
I had lunch here today... the food was great ..but the service was ehhhhh it took forever for us (my hubby in I ) to get our food and forever to bring me the check..my husband loves this place so I know I'll be back I jus hope we get better service next time!!!!
I don't know if it was the peculiar smell (geriatric home??)  in here that turned me off or what, but I was not impressed with Millers. 
I was looking for something remotely healthy to order here and when I saw that their salads had more calories than a cheeseburger and french fries, guess what I went with? 
I always thought that one can't go wrong with a burger but I was wrong. Their cheesburger was flavorless, and served on a dried out kaiser roll and the food was luke warm. The french fries could've been better if they were hot, but they were sort of cold.  My friend ordered a salad which looked really good, but I'd have to save up my calories for a day if I wasn't trying to diet (siiiigh).
Aside from the odor of the restaurant, it appeared to be clean and the service was good which is why I would come back if I wanted a few drinks and fried food.
My party of 7 stopped here yesterday for lunch.  We had to wait a few minutes because there was no one at the front desk seating anyone.  Once the hostess came back she began seating the groups of people waiting.  Once she got to us she told us it would be a few more minutes so they could put some tables together. When it was all said and done it took roughly 10 minutes to be seated.

Service was slow and the waitress would disappear for long periods of time. I asked for butter for my corn on the cob but it was cold by the time she brought it to me.

The food was bland and cold.  I opted for an entree on the Ligher Fare Menu.  I ordered the chicken breast platter which came with red bliss potatoes and corn on the cob.  The chicken was rubbery and had no flavor.  I loaded the corn and potatoes with salt pepper and butter but they were bland as well.  I was so disappointed with dinner I didn't even bother ordering dessert
Spoke to a manager and said they'd send me a gift card. Been a month and a half and have not received that gift card. Like i said stay away from this restaurant people. Bad service and don't give you anything to compensate for bad service when they say they will. Seems like there only interested in money. Stay away.
The bathrooms are disgusting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is the second time this month I have been there and I will not got back for this reason. And the bartenders act as if they were doing me a favor to finally come over to get me  drink!!! What a shame because I like the food
Like all Miller Ale house place is kinda disappointing. Steak is definitely not the way to go here. How ever there chicken tenders which they call Zingers there are very good and come in a range of hot sauces that good. If it was not for them I would not recommend at all! But they are good for a take out or take home meal quick too.
When you get to the place where traveling for work is no longer fun you just look for a place that is close to your hotel.  That is how I ended up here.  Looked like a good place to catch some baseball, get something to eat, drink and roll into bed shortly after.

Yes, it looks like a chain.  No, it is probably not the trendiest place in the Philadelphia area (at least I hope not for your sakes).

The place was crowded - so crowded that I didn't even think I was gonna find a seat at the bar.  I would have been forced to plan B - Fast food, sitting in bed watching Seinfeld reruns.  I did find the one empty seat at the bar, squeezed in, and had dinner.  Good menu - lots of variety.  I got the Zinger Salad (Really wanted the Zinger Mountain - Fried Chicken strips on french fries, topped with bacon and cheese and other awesomeness - but if I ordered like that at all the places I end up at when I travel I'd be dead soon).  The Salad was good.  Zingers would be my thing If I came here again.  

Service was good.  I think there were 3-4 bartenders, so always someone to fill my drink or see if I needed anything.  

I'd go back - even if I'm not staying right next door.
Normally my husband and I LOVE this place but on early Friday night it took forever to get drinks so he ordered 2nd round right away the waitress poured one of his shots into the other making the glass a double shot. she didn't ask just took it upon herself. She then blamed the reason for slow service on the bartender.  and his 2 side dishes are usually fries and they have been skimping on them lately. Love the manager she is great, the waitress not so much.
The service was almost nonexistent.  I went to the bar or order and eat.  The only bartender in the place was eating lunch it took her five minutes to look over to see someone was at the bar.  The food was not good.  I ordered shrimp tacos with rice and beans.  The rice and beans were clearly microwaved.  The rice was hard and the beans were straight from a can.  The tacos were almost flavorless.  This my second time eating here and I will not go back a third time.
I've come here a couple of times so far and have tried something from different parts of the menu. I have yet to find something I can say is good. This will be my last time coming here.
Flashback to the times when it was cool to hang out at Applebee's or Ruby Tuesday on a Friday night.  Wait... was that ever cool?

This place has all of the chain-like qualities in place: tacky decor, 90s jams on rotation, predictable menu, and FLAIR!!!  Went here on a recommendation (and let's be honest, the Northeast doesn't have much to offer).  That being said, Miller's gets 3 stars.
Disappointing to say bathrooms were dirty not clean at all manager was very nice. Staff not to friendly one nice bartender other bartender looked rite at us and walked on by
The bacon guac burger with cheese and some other toppings was one of the best burgers I've ever had. They actually cooked it medium rare unlike some other places where they don't even ask you.
Tough call.  Crappy food.  Small beer menu nice but very slow service.  It's a bar. I'd say it's a level below chili's with better TVs
I have to say the wide selection of craft beer was a plus about this place.  Oh and the tv's was a bonus. However the food was another story. I had the zingers and fish tacos. The zingers was ok, but the Fish taco was absolutely horrible. The fish was charred and had a bitter taste to it. I took 2 bites and that was it for me. I finished my beer and left. Probably the only reason I will come back here would be for the craft beers and Tv.
We set in their add-on area, which is built around a bar and surrounded by televisions. The food is "bar food," for better or worse. Some things above par, some things below. The service is the worst part, we felt like second-class citizens in someone else's home.

The best reason to be at this place is the aesthetics. The add-on has some really seating and an open area to watch the game. All in all, can be enjoyable time with friends if you're not in a rush and are there more for each other than the food/drink.

Can't see myself ever taking my family or guests in town here.
UPDATED REVIEW: Came in last night for an outing with my family. Previously we visited and did NOT have a good experience, so much so, I felt compelled to write a review about it and after speaking with the GM Stephen who reached out to gain clarity on the situation, we were assured that our next experience would be much better. As a courtesy, the general manager did send a $25 gift card via postal mail for our trouble. So we came in for the exact same meal. Not only was service better, the food was also. Our waiter last night was Shawn and he was very pleasant, courteous and efficient. We could all tell Shawn had many tasks at hand as there were numerous customers dining in, but that did not stop him from delivering EXCELLENT service! Shawn completely turned around our experience and made it even more clear that the previous waitress we had (who shall remain nameless) on our last visit really did treat us poorly. Shawn not only delivered prompt service, he had a smile throughout our visit and asked if we needed anything, he asked how was the food, and thanked us for dining in. I hope Shawn really excels at whatever he wants to do in life because he is an exceptional gentleman and has a great spirit. Thanks so much Shawn for your hospitality and making Miller's our favorite spot again!
1st time here. Sat at bar bartenders were very nice and quick with taking order. Ordered the fully loaded cheese fries & Buffalo wings. Fries came out very good seasoned well and definitely a sharing portion. Wings were taking a little long the server finally came out and said kitchen accidentally breaded wings and they were remaking them she apologized & asked if I wanted the breaded ones on the house also I declined but the offer was greatly appreciated. Saw some other items on menu I look forward to trying! Definitely will be returning.
Ordered the full rack of ribs this time. They were good. Had an unexpected but familiar spice to them that I can't place. My side of broccoli was practically raw and not evenly seasoned. My sister ordered a ceasar salad and was presented with one that looked more like a Greek. Five minutes later she got the corrected replacement. 

We were seated at a booth way in the back next to the bar. From my vantage point I could see everything going on in the kitchen. I've seen other open kitchen concepts in restaurants that are done very well but this one made me raise my eyebrows just a little. Lots of yelling, some cursing, people either running back and forth or just chilling but it looked clean and organized and the food arrived at a timely pace.
A great late-night spot to get your grub on in NE Philly. I'm a fan of their Ribeye (Tuesday Special). It's usually cooked just right and has enough seasoning that I don't have to drown it in A1 sauce. As for their Cajun Shrimp Pasta, not a big fan at all. It tastes bland and makes you lose your appetite. I've had a few of their sandwiches, which were standard and tasty. Miller's has Monday-Thursday specials, so be sure to check on their website since they don't usually tell you when you dine there. Service on the other hand is terrible at night. There's usually no one at the hostess stand, so you could be waiting for 10-15 minutes just to be seated in an almost empty restaurant. The servers take forever to take your order and to deliver your check, which doesn't make sense since they don't have many tables to wait on, so I suggest going early evening.
I really straddled the fence on these stars. Went to Miller's Ale House with a party of 7 on a poppin Friday. What I love most about the restaurant is the open space in the bar area and the TVs that surround the whole room. The drink menu was as thick as a bible and that's exactly what I need on a Friday night. The specials are on point and they offer damn near any and every drink you can fathom. The food though. I don't even think my dog would take our leftovers on his hungriest day. Alaskan snow crab legs? I'm pretty sure they got our crabs from the Schuylkill River, they looked sooo scrawny and sad. Chicken nachos? The chicken was dryyyyyyy. The only thing on the menu worth eating is the fish and chips. The customer service was pretty good and I'd more than likely go back just for their drinks. I'll eat before I go.
Perfect lunch spot for me and my boyfriend. We had the best waiter ever! Doug was amazing. Excellence service! Very knowledgable and friendly. Whenever we go back, I will request him. The food was also good. I had the shrimp tacos, and my boyfriend ordered the turkey burger with sweet potato fries! Delish!!! I can't wait to go back!
You seen one Ale House, you've seen them all (except for the one's in SoFlo... those are wild lol).  Luckily, you can always count on the Ale House to come through with good food, good drinks, and all the sports.  The bartender lovingly switched the game I wanted to watch to a TV near me.  Service is always quick, and friendly.  It's never packed, so you can always find a seat!
I went here for Monday Night Football a few weeks ago to see the Ravens game. My boyfriend had been trying to come here for months. I have also heard great things from a coworker. I ordered the wings and they were very good. They were breaded and sauced.  The breading was really crunchy, light and tasty. I would agree with the others about service being a little iffy. 
I honestly would come back just for the wings. This place reminds me of Hooters. Pictures of food on a sticky, laminated menu, casual waiters and wooden floors and panels. With Hooters, you can't expect great service or a nice atmosphere. You go for the TVs and wings. But they have a better beer selection than Hooters. 
Their selection of craft beers on tap is great (maybe 15). I had the Goose Island 312, he had a Yards Philly Pale Ale. 
TAKE YOUR DAD, BOYFRIEND OR MALE FRIENDS HERE, NOT YOUR MOM OR GRANDMOTHER LOL.
I will start with the positives. Our server was sweet and eager to please. And the fried calamari appetizer was delicious and tender. One of the best calamaris I've ever had.
OK, moving right along. My margarita was very watered down. It didn't taste like lime, let alone pineapple, which was supposed to be the flavor of the margarita. My boyfriend's margarita was a tiny bit better, mostly because the rum was higher-end. 
The other appetizer we got was this Zinger Mountain Melt--basically chicken tenders on top of french fries with bacon bits, cheese, and sauce. The fries were tasteless, the chicken was just ok, the cheese was salty, and the sauce was pretty non-existent. Not impressed.
My dinner was the fish tacos. The fish itself wasn't bad, but the tacos had shredded cheese and tasteless tomatoes on them like I was at Taco Bell. Fish tacos should have lime, cilantro, and a sweet pineapple-y relish, not cheese and pale tomatoes.
I don't think we'll be going back.
They have everything on the menu here that you could possibly be desiring or craving. 

And be prepared to wait if you are coming for dinner. I came in with a friend and the wait looked really long (there was a huge crowd in the entry way). We proceeded then straight to the bar, and luckily managed to find 2 seats next to each-other. 

The food was good. Not the best but good. My mashed potatoes that I got with my steak were a bit gummy. My steak was cooked exactly how I asked which is impressive with a place that is as busy as this one (hence the 4 stars- would have given 3 but due to the steak being cooked as I asked they got a bonus star-yay!). Two for you glen coco! (And none for gretchen wieners). 

My one issue that I had was that the bartenders are not very attentive. And I don't 100% blame them because they seem to be tasked with quite a lot. And by quite a lot I mean making drinks for the whole dang restaurant. So getting another drink or napkins or other stuff took a bit longer than preferred. 

I believe this place has other locations. I will definitely be checking those out!
