All the times I've eaten at Miller's and I haven't done a review? Whaaaat...Well here we go! 

Miller's for a good year now has become my family's and my best buds family's go-to eats n' chill spot literally on fridays when we pick the kids up from school when no one wants to cook, but we all wanna chill. Miller's is huge and has a good beer selection usually at a good price. There's never too long of a wait for seating either. 

The food itself is okay. I've never eaten anything that made we go "WOW" but I did see a review of a fellow yelper who's partner had the steak medium rare and it sounded great so that might be the move next go round! This time around I tried the chicken fajitas thinking "okay they can't mess this up" and they didn't. Only problem is the portions were smaller than I expected it and $1 for two spoonfuls of guac? Why? 
The service was slow as usual so that was no surprise. Next time we go, I'm definitely trying that steak.
Just tried to order to go was told to hold for a moment waited just to get redirected back to the same person who said to hold a moment just to be put on hold again waited a moment so I just hung up because I take that as warning signs of just not getting the food because it's not going to turn out right
Miller Ale House is our newest addition to the south philadelphia neighborhood , formered Champps. Before Champps was shut down I had eaten there once and I enjoyed the food very much . So when miller was being built I was very excited and was hoping to have another good restaurant closed by to home .

My boyfriend and I decided to dine here with my stepdaughter and a friend of ours . We walked in and got greeted/seated right away . It took us awhile to look over our menus and decide on what we plan on getting because the menu to me was very limited . So we all decided to get pasta dishes . I should never do that again unless I'm eating it at real Italian restaurant . None of us liked our pastas . I felt like mines was drenched in oregano because thats all I can taste and smell while I'm eating my pasta . My stepdaughter's spaghetti and meatball barely had any sauce on hers so she had to asked for more sauce . My boyfriend ordered the shrimp scampi and didn't like his food either. Our friend just decide on drinking beer and the only thing we actually enjoyed eating was the zingers that we had ordered for appetizer .

Service was good . My waitress was attentive and nice. We just didn't enjoyed our entrees .
All I'm gonna say is, it tastes a lot better than only looks. 

I wasn't sure what to expect getting steak from a sports bar, but I couldn't pass up a great deal. They have different specials everyday and on Friday, Saturday and Sunday they have a surf and turf deal. With two choices of either Cajun or chimmichurri shrimp. Will be returning to try the prime rib on Thursday's! 

The shrimp could've been better, but the steak was actually amazing. My boyfriend and I got medium rare steaks and to our surprise, they were tender, juicy and moist. The mash potatoes were seasoned nicely and was a great pairing with the steak. 

Nice to know that we don't have to go to 4-5 star restaurant to get a good steak anymore. Obviously nothing will beat a steak from a fine dining restaurant, but this comes pretty damn close for the price.

First time, and it won't be my last.
I have a Miller's Ale House less then five minutes away from my house in the NE, but I will drive to South Philly just to go to this location. This location is clean, bigger, more pleasant and over all just better. My group and I went on a friday night around 7:30 and were told a twenty-five minute wait, but in actuality only waited about ten minutes. We were seated at a high top near the bar in the main dining area. Our waitress was super nice and accommodating. My girlfriend had ordered a margarita and wasn't pleased with it. Our waitress immediately offered her something else. We then started out with a pitcher of the blue long island ice tea. Pitchers are $10 which is great, but they are pretty lackluster. I would personally stick to one of the many craft beers they have to offer.

We started off with chips and guacamole. They definitely don't skimp you on chips. It's an entire huge bowl of chips in a mountain formation w/ a decently sized cup of guacamole and salsa. We also ordered the pot stickers and buffalo zingers. Pot stickers were pretty good, but I wasn't a fan of the zingers although my husband loves them. -- Entrees ordered were the cajun chicken pasta, fish and chips, turkey burger, and the mahi piccata. The cajun chicken pasta was delicious, but I barely ate any of it because the portion was so large. No complaints on the turkey burger or mahi, but my husband hated his fish and chips. In his words "a soggy mess". 

All in all, food is just okay. It's exactly what you would expect from a sports bar. 
Atmosphere is great especially if you are going to watch a game though.
Great new sports bar in South Philly! Friendly staff that goes above and beyond for customers. I hope it will remain that way and not only in the beginning like the start of most business. Food is good, drinks are good. Amazing prices! We ordered a to go item after we got our check and got the wrong item when we got home. If it weren't for the wrong menu item, location would have gotten 5 stars. It was not extremely busy so there was no excuse or recovering from that mistake. Overall good experience and will definitely return!
From the time of checking in with the hostess until closing our bill, service was excellent. Our waiter was Brandon, he was attentive and followed directions well.   The bad part about our Sunday dinner was the food, it's microwave mediocre.  Service is excellent, the quality of the food is below par.  Jaime, I'm assuming is the FOH manager went above and beyond to not only make sure we enjoyed our visit, but he wanted us to come back.   Because of the service I'll definitely come back and possibly screen the menu for something suitable for myself.  

Because of Jaime and Brandon, i'm rating Millers Ale House 5 stars..  I'll definitely give this place another chance. 

Great atmosphere
Great drink specials
Awesome Service
Overall the meal was good and the service was wonderful.  However i was a little dissappointed with the advertising. Went on Monday night especially for the BBQ ribs special. The meal was for a rack and a quarter of ribs. My sister and i ordered the same but our meals were quite different. It was obvious that we did not receive a rack and a quarter and it was obvious that i didn't even have a full rack. 

Needless to say i was a little upset. Did i complain, no because i dont like to complain because i dont want food with "special touch" so i just go with it.  However the ribs were cooked right and they were fall off the bone---just needed some more BBQ sauce. 

I do plan on going back, maybe for thr prime rib special
Miller's Ale House South Philly.  I was really hoping this Cheesesteak was going to be great.  South Philly by the river and across the street from the SS United States.  SS United States is the only luxury liner completely built the United States and she still holds the speed record between New York and London.  Miller's Ale House has great drink specials, parking, bathroom, plenty of bar space and tables and lots of TVs.  I guess after a day or night of drinking with your friends this Cheesesteak will do the trick.  It has a very standard roll, meat was goodish not a lot of it, cheese was on the bottom, I paid the extra $0.99 for a sauteed mushrooms and I did not see a lot of them in there.  Very standard cheesesteak but I guess for the place it does the trick.
Stopped in today and accidentally wandered into their soft opening. I haven't been to a Miller's before so I wasn't sure what to expect but whatever it was the staff, food and decor easily surpassed it.  The staff at the inside bar was helpful, friendly and fast.  There were Tv's everywhere but I was much more than a sports bar and the French dip was excellent.  This is a welcome addition to the area
I hv mixed reviews abt this place. I arrived earlier than the rest of my party & I was starving so I sat at the bar. I ordered the Long Island w/ Tito's vodka & an order of chicken zingers (bc I hv this affinity for boneless wings & this was the closest I could get) my drink & zingers were perfect. The staff at the bar were very nice and attentive. The fellow to my right had a pretty good looking dish, 35 Shrimp Scampi w/ mushrooms. I had decided that I'd order the same. Once my party arrived we were seated at a booth and out waitress  was great. However, that's where the greatness ended. When the food arrived, it was bought out by someone other than our waitress, which would've been fine except the lady was very loud yelling as if she were in a diner calling out orders. Another server did the same thing at the table next to us. If you're looking for presentation, don't. Someone ordered the grilled chicken entree & it literally looked like free lunch at school. No garnish, it was just there & the chicken was totally dried out. My shrimp scampi originally comes w/ only noodles and shrimp in garlic sauce, thank god I added mushrooms, green peppers & tomatoes. Twice servers bought other people's orders to our table.

It's a typical chain restaurant but the multiple TV screens gives it a nice pop. I would go again for the bar, I don't think it's worth a table.
I was really glad to welcome Miller's to my neighborhood. My husband and I decided to give them a try today...
We walked in; myself, husband and baby in car seat. Hostess tried to sit us in the loud-ish bar area but we asked to sit in the dining room. There were 4 empty tables right in our eye sight but the hostess had us wait. After a few minutes of waiting, she walked us to one of the tables that was empty and set up when we walked in. I found that strange. 
I ordered soup to start while we decided on our entrees. After bringing our beverages, ten minutes later, the waitress asked if we were ready to order. She stated that she did not put my soup in yet because she didn't know if I would change my mind. I was starving, that's why I ordered it right away. Like an appetizer. Duh. The tomato basil soup was fine. Not memorable. 
I ordered the rib special (full rack, fries and slaw). Ribs were small, underwhelming and dry. Husband ordered ossobuco (we later realized we should've known). The ossobuco came out ice cold in the center. We told the waitress who had to get a manager while my food is getting cold now. Manager offered to "fry it back up". While this ossobuco was obviously once cooked and frozen, reheated today, we thought cooking it a third time probably wouldn't do it good. He opted for a burger which was very good. We had to eat our dinners separately. 
Beer selection is very good, although server didn't know what the beer was that my husband ordered and bartender "couldn't find it", hence it taking ten minutes. It was a Sierra Nevada. Atmosphere is nice and very family friendly. They need a lot of training from front of house to kitchen. There are a lot of other options in South Philly; we probably won't be back.
I have been to the Willow Grove and Langhorne locations of Miller's and each time it is consistently great. They have a good selection of beer and my favorite nachos. At this particular location Jennifer was especially accomidating in helping my boyfriend and I have vegetarian nachos. I wi definitely be back!
I hv mixed reviews abt this place. I arrived earlier than the rest of my party & I was starving so I sat at the bar. I ordered the Long Island w/ Tito's vodka & an order of chicken zingers (bc I hv this affinity for boneless wings & this was the closest I could get) my drink & zingers were perfect. The staff at the bar were very nice and attentive. The fellow to my right had a pretty good looking dish, 35 Shrimp Scampi w/ mushrooms. I had decided that I'd order the same. Once my party arrived we were seated at a booth and out waitress  was great. However, that's where the greatness ended. When the food arrived, it was bought out by someone other than our waitress, which would've been fine except the lady was very loud yelling as if she were in a diner calling out orders. Another server did the same thing at the table next to us. If you're looking for presentation, don't. Someone ordered the grilled chicken entree & it literally looked like free lunch at school. No garnish, it was just there & the chicken was totally dried out. My shrimp scampi originally comes w/ only noodles and shrimp in garlic sauce, thank god I added mushrooms, green peppers & tomatoes. Twice servers bought other people's orders to our table.

It's a typical chain restaurant but the multiple TV screens gives it a nice pop. I would go again for the bar, I don't think it's worth a table.
Now that places have reopened in Philadelphia, it was interesting to see how these places were doing in light of the pandemic. Millers ale here was doing very good and I have to admit the experience was exceptional. 

Precautions are taken very seriously here and despite restrictions, the place is able to accommodate a good amount of people while still leaving plentiful space between diners. 

The food here is also very good and well put together. I really emjoyed the portions and the food here. You will definitely get your money's worth of food. 

We ordered some of their signature chicken as well as fries and a pretzel, all very delicious and pretty big haha. 

The drink menu also looked very good, but will need to come back again to try them. 

The decor was very cool as well and would have been amazing if there was no pandemic. The amount of TVs and different things playing was awesome. The staff was friendly and very quick too. 

i will be back!
This place USED to be ok when they first opened. I believe I've been here a total of 5 times since it opened. The staff must have entirely changed because the last 2/3 times I've recently been here it got worse and worse each time. 

I'm sorry I cheated on you Chili's. I'll be heading there instead the next time I'm looking for a chain restaurant close to home.
So good!! I've only ever gotten the zingers mountain melt because it never disappoints! Chicken fingers in your choice of sauce (usually I opt for Thai chili) with cheese, bacon, green onions, and ranch!
Been here 3 times since it opened and have never had a bad experience. The food is good and nice size portions for not a hefty price. Service has been on point. Tonight I had Kris, she was tentative and really nice and kept the drinks full. Very knowledgeable of menu and specials. Tonight I had the ribs for the first time they were good fall off the bone type. My favorite so far is the shrimp.
This will be the last time I will ever go to this Miller's. I've tried to give them chances on chances to get it right but they have failed. I wrote my feelings about my experiences and have talked to management about them. The problems they are having are service. I'll tell you what I have gone through. I went in one night and sat at the bar. The one bartender said hi Al from the service bar. I said hello back the other bartender was taking a drink order right next to me. When she came back with their drinks she failed to take mine. I waited at the bar stool for 15 minutes with that bartender going back and forth not even asking if I want something. I got up and left. The next night I came in and I told that bartender I left last night because no one served me. That bartender thought the other bartender was taking car of me. This night my partner and I had dinner. Everything was going ok until both bartenders left the bar and left us without drinks and didn't return for about 10 minutes. It wasn't until I called the host stand to get a manager's attention to come to the bar to service us. I called one night for take out. I was placed on hold and it kept ringing back to the host desk. They kept placing me on hold. Finally the host picked up and said the bartenders weren't answering so they were going to walk over to the bar to get them to pick up. I hung up after 18 minutes waiting. I talked to management all about these experiences. The final straw. I went in last night and there was one bartender behind the bar and the bar was dirty and there were only two guests. We sat down and the bartender said hay guys where have you been. We told her very busy. I didn't want to tell her the truth that we waited to give them more time to get their act together. She gave us menus and coasters for drinks but walked away to handle packing of a to go order before taking our drinks. We sat that while she was trying to get the order together for the guest all the while we are waiting. The guest kept on stopping her for other things. The bartender should never be taken off the bar. They should not be putting together to go orders this is the job of the runner and expeditors. We got up and left again and told the host the problem and left my name and phone number. I haven't heard back which I'm glad. It goes to show you that this management staff is poor. The food is not well coordinated either. If you don't want everthing at one time don't place it that way. The chefs don't know how to cook a steak that is correct like another review. I ran hotels and restaurants all my life and I wanted Miller's to come down to South Philadelphia because I have experienced other ones and love them. This one is as bad as the place they replaced Chammps.
Good enough for a chain restaurant. We have been to the Florida Ale Houses and love thier smoked fish dip and other dishes. This was our first time here and was disappointed to find out those items were not on this locations menu. 

Service was decent and friendly, food was avverage. Cheesesteak was actually above average in a community of real contenders.
The 3 stars is for the low quality of the food. Ingredients make the dish & they use low quality ingredients. Bagged tortilla chips, frozen cooked shrimp, pre made coleslaw & guacamole ect....The best recipes or chefs on earth can't make these items taste good. It is a sports bar with a dining room not a fast casual restaurant as advertised.
The service & sports bar vibe however were 5 star. The host was friendly & personable. & Our server was attentive, knowledgeable & professional . There are at least 50 TVs showing every game possible & a lot of great beer/drink specials.
I will definitely be back to watch sports, drink beer & eat fryer food, because that it what this place excels at.
Patrick was exemplary last night, on a typical visit to millers I had ordered directly from the bar since we didn't want to wait 15 minutes to get sat, I ordered a medium rare sirloin special, it was over cooked I didn't want to complain but I mentioned it to Patrick he insisted i should speak to the manager I made no fuss , but he comped it anyway and made sure the rest of my meal was fine. He was pleasant , attentive, menu knowledgeable and offered good advice, he also made sure we had water too which I thought was a nice gesture on his part. Again I couldn't have left any happier. So thanks Patrick for ensuring proper service. This is how things should always be done in any restaurant. The apple crisp was excellent, my wife's salad was good too the grilled chicken salad, and Patrick recommended the walnut chicken salad as well. Next time I stop by I'll try the prime rib for 12.99 on Thursdays.
I love Miller's Ale House. I'm very familiar with the sports bar chain that I found in Florida over 20 years ago. They have 80 HDTVs. I'll say that again, EIGHTY HDTVs. I don't think a single one is smaller than 60". They have NFL Sunday ticket, NHL season pass, NBA league pass and a true HDTV signal. If you want a certain game, they've got it.

Why I love Miller's is simple. Great sports bar, terrific bar food and dinners, along with great beer and drink specials. $8 Miller Lite pitchers everyday, all day. A total of 48 beers on tap. Ranging from the obvious American beers, local micros, national micros, and international favorites. A full bar, with $2.95 Captain Morgan, Smirnoff with any mixer. Doubles are $5. Kettle One at $5.95 with any mixer, $9.95 doubles. I can't cover all the pricing, but this should give you a very good idea of how cheap it is to drink here. 

I'm in no way affiliated with Miller's, though my review may seem that way. I'm just excited this chain moved into my neighborhood, and I hope they succeed. Very worth the trip, you won't be disappointed!
love the wings it's small but vey nice they did a nice job....the service was great and the workers very nice


..
Overall- the food was not good. It lacked flavor. The atmosphere is very nice and the restaurant is very clean
The food is consistent bar food. The prime rib special is on Thursday and is decent size and cooked well. They have a seasonal beer draft, as well as their regular beer list, which is pretty good. Our favorite though is our service. We always ask for Julena because she is the best. She had given us her card on our first visit and we've had her almost every time since. Well worth the time.
This place was absolutely terrible! The service given by the young men who worked at Five Guys before this place was terrible. He had a very negative attitude and was not good at his job at all. He forgot items on our order, brought out the entrees and salads at the same time and put things on the check that we didn't order or receive. The management tried to help the situation but we're not successful in doing so. We ate what we could since we were hungry, but I don't think any of us really enjoyed it. The food was also not good quality. If you want to go somewhere for dinner, go somewhere else. If you want to watch the game, have a beer and maybe some wings, this might be the place for you.
This is a great Miller's location. Very friendly staff and the food is consistent. It gets busy, but if you don't mind a wait it's worth it.
Surprisingly, I enjoyed the place!  I had never been before and never heard anyone talk about the place. There are TVs all around to enjoy any type of game with your standard American/bar food. 

They also have great lunch and dinner specials. We started our late lunch with nachos with were covered in toppings. Very tasty!  I had a Caesar salad, and my fiancé ordered a burger. Both were food and tasted quite fresh. The only disappointment was the lack of fries that came with the burger meal. I was hoping to eat the fries and there were less than ten on the plate. You would have thought that some fell off the plate but the server said that was the correct quantity. Womp womp.
Had a great lunch at the bar today. First time visiting this new spot in any of their locations. Our food was really good and Melissa, the bartender, was fantastic. I can't wait to go back again and try more of the menu.
Awesome service! And the food was great too. Short wait but the hostess was very entertaining. I think her name was Sara. Anyway yeah definitely coming back for happy hour next time :)
Food was horrible and cold . I asked for pickles with my burgers and did not get them until I asked for them and then it took forever for me to get. Waitress was slow and confused half of the time . I had to go up to the bar to get waters because my waitress never brought them .  Also food was too Blan
Been here a few times, it's perfect for a quick and casual meal and the food is always amazing. The only thing here is that the service is so hit or miss. 
My husband and I came here Wednesday for a early Valentines dinner, after being greeted by the host he sat us in a b. The restaurant was not busy at all, the bar was completely empty and only about 5 tables were sitting. 
There seemed to be one server in the section but he would walk to the 2 tables around us and not acknowledge us at all so we thought maybe there was another server for us. 
After 10 minutes the host cleaned a table next to us, never bothered to maybe ask us if we had been helped when we were so obviously looking around trying to make eye contact with anyone, open menus on the table and no waters/ drinks. But no he cleaned the table and left. The server who was around the section took the other tables orders, brought their drinks and their food with still no slight acknowledgement that we were sitting there unattended. 
The manager is walking around the host stand, other servers/ bartenders on the side talking and looking at their phones. Then the final straw was 2 tables seated after us were immediately greeted by a server and asked for their drink orders. I had to get up and ask the host is we had a server since no one had been over.l and everyone around us was taken care of. 
The server who was taking care of all the tables around us finally stopped by the table to get us started and take the order. I don't know if we weren't supposed to be his table, he was having an off day or he just didn't like the way we looked but we got the bare minimum service. Management was not attentive at all, skipping by the table as much as the other employees were.
Food was great but because of service we definitely will not be back any time soon.
Dinner was amazing here tonight. Wait was not long and service was quick. We had the calamari, pork shank dish, Saturday's special which was the steak and coconut shrimp, and two pitchers of sangria. Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection.
My family and I have been here a few times, which I generally will do before reviewing something. When this used to be "Chammps" - we went often. Slowly, that menu became far too "hipster" and it shut down. When I heard it was going to be a Millers Ale House, I wasn't all that excited. However, we decided to give it a try. 

First, the layout is perfect for a pub-type eatery. Lots of booths, a separate bar area and TVs just....everywhere. The food is quite reasonably priced and the selection is great. 

They have a unique system when on a wait - they "call" or "text" you to let you know the table is ready. This past visit on 1/20/17, we were treated to a wonderful waitress, Jaz. 

It was my wife and I this visit and Jaz was amazingly personable, friendly and helpful. Always making sure we were ok with drinks and/or food - or just to come by with a smile. This same statement can really be made for the entire staff - as i've yet to encounter a person with so much as a frown. I am beyond pleased at this place, and hope they continue to do well and employee people like Jaz. I recommend this for anyone looking for a few brews or just a nice casual dinner. Well done guys.
My server was Ashley, her heart is as big as her booty. Great service, great drinks, great times
Food was just mediocre good but the place was nice and new. They have tons of TVs...my husband said he didn't even know where to look or what to watch. They have quite a large selection of beers including craft beers which is pretty cool if you're into beer.

We ordered a zinger salad and the fish and chips. The fries on the fish and chips didn't taste super fresh, and the fish was pretty heavily battered. The fish itself was good, though, once I peeled off some of the batter. Also they gave a pretty large portion of fish - not large pieces by the way, they were long skinny strips of fish.  The Zinger salad was good. The "zingers" or chicken tenders could have a been a little crispier, but the salad overall was good and fresh and was very prettily plated. 

Our sever was very nice and friendly but seemed kind of new. We only ordered 2 things, but he had to ask me like 3 times at least to repeat what we wanted because he couldn't remember. He could have written it down, but he was just trying to wing it. Again, he's a little new (or so it seamed) but he was nice and friendly so I'll give him that.

Overall, just a typical sports bar. It's still new so that's probably why it will looks nice and clean. The food was only OK. And our specific server was very nice, but the host was not as welcoming. They were nice but looked a little bored with their job.  I might come back to try their burgers and nachos - they looked delicious at other tables! This seems like a good place to grab a beer and watch sports, but it's not a go to place for food in my opinion.
We were sitting at the table for about 10 minutes waiting to place our order while the wait staff are standing behind us having full convo about nothing -- so we asked our host, where's our waiter? He turned his head and pointed to the clown behind us standing there flirting with his co-worker then he says "Sorry"  turned back around and continued his conversation with his co worker. 

We asked another waiter who was pacing back and forth can we get some service and he says I don't know -- we asked for a manager and he started playing dumb as if never heard the word "manager" before.  

We ended up walking out and was able to get a hold of the manager over the the phone, he said he would handle it, but I doubt it.

Anyway, I'm proud to say I handled this situation 1000x better than the old me would have and that shows a lot growth on my part.
Stumbled upon this restaurant on Sunday afternoon. Looked good for the area we were in at the time. Seated quickly and the hostess was great.

Ordered a Caesar Salad with grilled chicken. Salad was good, but didn't care for the chicken. I think it was a little burnt. My husband had a cheesesteak and the kids had Mac and cheese and chicken tenders from the kids menu. Everything was polished off, so I'm guessing they liked it!

The only thing I would suggest is to turn down the TVs a little. The Eagles were playing the Stealers, which I'm sure is a big rivalry around there. The TVs were so loud, we couldn't hear the waitress or each other.
Went to Miller's today, my first time dining out since the city reopened, & it was an incredible experience. The new management there is doing an exceptional job handling this new normal. Our server, Don, was the best we've had at Miller's without a doubt. Wonderful job to everyone. See you soon.
Everyone is masked. I think it's some sort of masquerade swinger type vibe. Kinky, but I'm into it.
Miller's is one of the better quick family restaurants. The service is always pretty good, and the food comes out quick and meets expectations. I personally love their zingers and their burgers are seriously good. They have pretty good late night specials as well.
Pretty underrated chain location in philly. Nice deals on domestic beers and "Zingers" (basically chicken tenders) in a variety of tasty sauces. I'd call it a nice alternative to a buffalo wild wings, with a little more selection. Pick up also available with easy parking.
A fresh review!!! I dined here last night with 2 friends visiting from Baltimore and we had a great experience. We came a little after 6 on a Saturday so the wait wasn't a surprise. We were told 40 mins and they send a text when the table is ready. There are 2 bars, both were crowded with no 3 seats together. We waited about 10 mins and seats became available. Our bartender was nice and attentive, we all got a beer and 2 of us got shots. Drink prices are extremely reasonable, I got a double shot of don julio for $8.45 and there's a nice selection of beers on tap. We got the text that the table was ready in about 30 mins so less than projected. Our waiter Chris was great, personable, attentive and fast. I ordered Korean cauliflower wings and a Caesar salad with red onion to start, my friends had calamari. Everything was hot & delicious and it came out fast. Food prices are great as well the salad was $5 and cauliflower $8, worth it too the sauce was so good. For my entree I had the Cajun shrimp pasta, DELICIOUS and a huge portion I ate so much and there was still 2 servings to bring home. My friends had jambalaya and lobster tails. Everything was cooked well and piping hot. This place is a top tier chain restaurant, I will certainly be back.
The food is incredible. Used delivery service and nothing is lost in transport. Hot or cold served as it was just made, and it was.  Ordered 6 entrees on a Sunday afternoon and picked all day. The food held up for hours as we grazed. Delivery was spot on, to the second. Everything packed with care.
The ultimate sports bar. A perfect spot to watch the game. Every seat is a great seat to see the game. The food is better than your typical bar and pub food. Our food was surprisingly delicious and we left interested in coming back to try other menu items.
