I love this place.  Great food, great decor, and extra friendly employees.

Mission is a must visit if you are in the military, law enforcement, fire department or just supportive of the above.  The walls are decorated with pictures, unit patches, and other memorabilia from various branches of service.  At noon they play the national anthem.

The food is your typical BBQ selection - prime ribs, pulled pork, chicken, brisket etc and is quite good. A meal with drink and sides runs about $10-15.  Service is very quick.

The employees are friendly and seem to like their job.   They are old fashioned polite and helpful much like the ones at Chic-fil-a and In-and-Out Burger.

Veterans be sure to join the VIP Veterans Club on the webpage for deals and discounts.  But don't ask for a discount in person.  Mission already donates a lot of services and money to military charities and organizations so cannot offer a daily discount.

A great place you will feel good about spending money at.  Check it out!
I was super excited to try out Mission BBQ, as I always pass it on the Blvd or on my way to Chickie & Pete's. The hubby and I went on a random weekday right before the lunch crowd got started and I was happy we did. 

The place itself is huge, great for big groups or to just pick up something to go. Ordering is also very easy, as in most fast food places, there are limited menu items and the prices is about $10-15 for a meal. 

I ordered the brisket with mac n cheese and baked beans. I was super happy with the flavor of everything! The icing on the cake was all the different bbq sauces you were able to try with you meats. I made a pallette range to figure out my favorite and stuck with the Memphis sauce. Hubby got the ribs, which were a bit pricey (but ribs are pricey everywhere I guess), and really enjoyed them as well. 

I like the giant booth seating, and color scheme inside. The actual decor of the place seemed pretty regular to me, I was actually hoping for more military stuff on the walls. But overall, I would absolutely return, the concept is very different and the food was really good.
4 and a half stars! Mission BBQ is all about war, the military, police and firefighters. But if this was a war on other BBQ joints, they would kick some serious butt because they ain't playing around.
I have eaten here 3 or 4 times and I enjoyed every meal a lot.
I prepared checklist of Missions' weapons:
1. Beef brisket -delicious, (lean or moist)
2. BBQ spareribs- shake the bone and the meat evacuates expeditiously.
3. Chicken, sausages and pulled pork - all are tasty, especially the sausages stuffed with jalapeno peppers.
4. Sides - mac-n-cheese, collards, coleslaw, fries, green beans and more are well prepared.
5. Sauces - 6 different flavors and I like them all.
6. The most friendly and informed staff imaginable.
And Mission BBQ has your back against the evil axis, the parking authority with plenty of free parking. So go on down and get your BBQ on!
Mission BBQ on Roosevelt Boulevard in Northeast Philadephia, does pretty good BBQ ribs and chicken, especially for a joint north of the Mason-Dixon Line.  The house looks the part, with lots of dark wood, picnic-like tables and photos of first responders on the walls. 

We ordered the equivalent of half racks of baby backs and regular spare ribs, and a half chicken.  All had sides of some sort, but aside from the fries and corn bread, those were not memorable. The ribs on the other hand were very good.  Pull off the bone smoked, with tender meat and nice rub and bark.  Each table had 6 bottle rockets with various sauces to be squirted on to moisten and flavor the chew.  None of them really stood out, and for the most part, the "as is" ribs were fine without anything more.  

Prices were reasonable. Service was all at the order counter with no table service. 

The consensus was that this was a legit BBQ joint that we would return to when the mood for pork ribs or pulled meat overcame us again.
Holy customer service, Batman... that's a lot coming from me. Mostly because I'm a Marvel fan and don't want to bring Batman into any of my situations. That being said, the staff is very noteworthy. The second I walked in, I was greeted by two girls all the way from the counter. I almost questioned if they were talking to me because of how far away I was...and they were. Whoah, sup friendly! I was given a run down on what is what, being my first visit there. I decided to order some shrimp on the barbie, xxl style, which essentially means I would get two sides with it. I chose the green beans with bacon along with mac and cheese. My counterpart ordered a pulled pork sandwich with mac and fries. I OCCASIONALLY get a diet soda, and seeing the diet Dew at the fountain had me sold. As I waited, I took notice to the decor of the joint. Southern style of course, all wood everything, and a lot of support for police, firefighters, and veterans. I liked it. If it wasn't down pouring outside, I would have sat out there at the picnic tables for sure!
Anyhow, the food came up real quick. The guy said that everything is served with dry rub so people can sauce accordingly at the table with any of their assortments of table side sauces. I was handed my tray and he told I was missing one shrimp. He promised he would bring me that last shrimp as soon as it was done. I really wasn't worried about it. Hell, I wouldn't even have known I was missing anything if he didn't say so. I told him it was all good, but he assured me he'd be over. I began eating right away and everything was great. The shrimp had a super smokey flavor that I enjoyed. Mac and cheese was good. Green beans were even good. I tried the pulled pork sandwich, which was fantastic. The fries were also extremely mouthwatering. 
The manager made her way around to ask us how we were. She made it a point to let us know that she was there if we needed anything. I thought it was friendly of her. I also noticed her assisting the bus boys on the floor, which is extremely admirable. All of a sudden, the cook comes over with my piece of shrimp and I smiled. I thought that was sweet. He also handed me a free dessert and thanked me for being cool about it. That little cup of heaven was AWESOME. I believe it was the "Mississippi Mud Pie" that was advertised on the board. It seemed like graham cracker crumbs, chocolate pudding, and whipped cream. I was a fan. I was also super happy because I love sweets and he didn't have to do that at all!
I'll also comment that I really liked the bathroom. Weird addition to my review, but it was pretty cool in there. 
I'm surprised to learn that this is a chain. It hasn't been open long, but I do hope they keep up the great work. They'll definitely keep people coming back with decent food and really friendly personalities.
Yelpers' enthusiastic reviews inspired us to venture to Mission but the delicious eats will motivate us to return.   Mission is brightly lit and extremely clean, which is a stark contrast to some other notables competing in the barbecue space. 

As soon as we walked in, we had the sense that Mission was part of a chain, and a little research disclosed that Mission is a small, regional chain (10 locations) headquartered in Glen Burnie, MD.   "Chain" is not necessarily a negative, as not all chains are created equal.   After all, the various Stephen Starr restaurants, whose quality and ingenuity are unassailable, constitute a chain of sorts, and by the end of 2016, the always exquisite La Colombe plans to have 100 locations, but I digress . . .

Our "chain" apprehensions quickly dissipated when a friendly voice from the counter greeted us when we were still 50 feet away.   As newbies, we took a few minutes to review the posted menu and ask questions before placing our order.  When other folks came up behind us, a second register was opened without fanfare. 

We settled on a take-away order of the baby back ribs, a half chicken and coleslaw.   The baby back rib slab was generous and more than enough for the two of us (we had leftovers for lunch).   The rib meat literally fell off the bone and was so beautifully seasoned that it needed no sauce.   Meanwhile, the smoked chicken ended up being the crowd-pleaser.   Again, no fork or knife needed, just smoky melt-in-your mouth deliciousness.  We tried three of the spicy sauces, and our favorite was the Tupelo Honey Heat.

The coleslaw, which we sampled before we ordered, was fantastic.   It was clearly homemade and very fresh.  Distinguishing it from the usual versions are the finely grated carrot and very light dressing (with smidgeon of vinegar in the background).  

All in all, a very worthwhile excursion that we intend to repeat whenever we hear the siren call of barbecue.
There is a lot to say about this restaurant.  I've been in hear a few times. And enjoyed everything about it from the food to atmosphere. 

Stopped in for lunch today and got the pulled pork sandwich and added the XXL COMBO: which comes with 2 sides and a fountin drink. I got Mac & cheese and fries. Or you can get the XL Combo that comes with 1 drink and 1 side. They have a pretty good size menu, as soon as you walk in on the wall, is all the food that you can choose from. And quite reasonable. It's even great for the kids and good size menu for them to choose what they like. They have 6 different sauces to choose from on the table. And like others you don't get napkins you have a roll of paper towels if you need to clean your hands. After biting in to some good Bbq ribs. 

So over all I have to give it 5 stars. Pulled pork was nice and tender and the roll was fresh. The fries had a little crisp to them with a not so spicy seasoning. Mac &  cheese is definitely not your kraft Mac & cheese you can tell it's made right there. Free refills on the fountin drinks. 

The service was by far the best experience. And can't ask for much better. 

If anyone wants Bbq done the right way then this is the spot to come. 

Walk-in/place order/pay/fill your drink/1 min later you have you're food/sit at table and enjoy. That simple.
Who knew that fast casual and barbecue were a good mix? I went into Mission BBQ expecting more of a full service sit down restaurant but was pleasantly surprised at the lay out. There is one large counter which you go up to and order, and soon enough they produce you delicious eats that seem like they should've taken longer to cook. I definitely don't think the quality here is lacking, and it's especially good for a restaurant of its caliber. 

For the portions you get, the prices are decent. One meal including a main dish, side and drink will cost you somewhere around ten dollars, give or take depending on what you order. I ordered a North Carolina style pulled pork sandwich and it was overflowing with pork and coleslaw. The flavors were on point, nicely complimented by their many barbecue sauces available at every table. I got a side of cheesy potatoes and they too were delicious. They were a little chunkier than a typical scalloped potato, but this was no big deal. If anything was lacking it was perhaps the mac and cheese. My boyfriend and I were not really impressed with it, it tasted a bit like it came out of a box. 

Overall I like this place and plan on returning. It's fast and affordable barbecue that maintains it's deliciousness despite the casual atmosphere of the establishment.
Philly is known for cheesesteaks. Not BBQ. Meanwhile, Mission BBQ is trying to change that. And, it seems like they are trying to blanket the region with locations, which isn't a bad thing. In a few short years Mission has become chain BBQ. They litter the East Coast now, and for BBQ lovers that's ok. It's the rare opportunity to eat BBQ that tastes like it comes from a famous local spot that's been duplicated in more than three dozen locations. It's impressive BBQ that mirrors a place like 4R Smokehouse (for those of you who travel Florida frequently for vacation). 

What makes Mission so special? While the food isn't cheap (and you shouldn't expect it to be) there isn't a meat on the board that doesn't come out far better than average. In fact, a meal here (and we tried about everything) is much better than chains like Famous Dave's and Dickey's. There's no comparison. 

Mission doesn't have table service. Visitors walk to the cashier, order and have their food in minutes. Fortunately, quality isn't compromised. The challenge can be choosing a meat. In our more than a dozen visits to different locations we've opted to pile on most of their meats (brisket, pulled pork, turkey, chopped chicken, regular & jalapeno sausage, back back ribs and spare ribs). You guessed it, we tried a portion of all because how else can you rate a place without the full assortment? (For the record I've been to roughly 350 BBQ places in the US.). 

There wasn't a meat we didn't enjoy. The pulled pork, chicken (doesn't come on the bone) and brisket were good enough to eat without sauce and carried a tremendous amount of flavor. Both ribs were perfected to the point that after one bite the meal slid off and the bone was a bare. The turkey was juicy and each sausage packed flavor. 

Another positive is the variety of sauces (for free) available. There's a flavor for everyone and while some are average, others are awesome, like the Smoky Mountain, Bay-B-Que and KC Classic, which were my favorites. Here's a list of the bottles we found on our table (and across from the drink station). 

  Memphis Belle
  Smoky Mountain
  Texas Twang
  KC Classic
  Alabama White
  Bay-B-Que
  Tupelo Honey Heat
  Carolina Vinegar
  Georgia Mustard
  Craftsman Special

We only tried two of the sides and the cornbread, which is as sweet as cake. The french fries were clearly hand cut and well seasoned and the beans are worth ordering, too. Fortunately, they don't cut corners with any of the food. On the other hand, their side salad is weak. It comes with poor iceberg lettuce. Change it to mixed greens, kale, romaine, etc, and it'd be a good as the BBQ. 

If you enjoy BBQ this is a great spot to come whether you live here or are passing through. There's something for every - meal lover - here. Fortunately, it's easy to get to and there's plenty of parking. Oh, and, they have good sweet tea and lemonade. It's a solid choice for lunch or dinner and can handle large groups, too.
Stopped by Monday evening after work for a quick dinner. I love this place! Reasonable and great service. As someone in law enforcement I love a place that supports it. 

I had the brisket sandwich, potatoes on special, cole slaw and caramel bread pudding. All the sides were delicious! Bread pudding was very good but a tad on the sweet side. My only complaint would be the brisket, I've had this sandwhich numerous times! This is the only one that wasn't great. It was a bit on the dry side. Fortunately they offer a variety of sauces. I will continue to go back and support this restaurant.
I'm very happy that a buddy & I decided to stop in and try this one out; we both left pretty happy after a round of brisket and smoked turkey. I expected this to be good, after having smelled that nice smokey scent on the outside area of the restaurant; and good it is!

The staff are always super friendly here, the service is quick, the prices are towards reasonable and the food was great.

The brisket I received was smoked deliciously and was a nice slab on the plate, the home made macaroni & cheese was one of the best I've had yet; but the cornbread was dry and small, but that's a relatively minor ding. The table sauces are delicious, and there is a variety of them. 

The turkey is so flavorful and juicy that I find I don't even need to douse it with sauce; it's perfect the way it is.

And OMG the chocolate brownies are super-sinful; as they are so huge, and when you start eating them, you won't want to stop!

I'm always looking forward to my next visit here, as I feel that this is the best Mission BBQ in the Philly region - they always seem to have the food done properly here (and I've been to most all the area locations).
There is a lot of good bbq in NE Philly.  I'm lucky enough to work out that way... seriously, did I just say that?  Needless to say, in a tough BBQ market, Mission held its own.

Before I detail the food, I have to say I'm impressed with how Mission honors those who serve. They are strong supports of the Wounded Warrior Project.  However, getting there a few minutes before noon, I also experienced something that I didn't expect given the hustle of the lunch crowd - pausing for the national anthem at noon each day!

Mission BBQ follows a relatively simple format.  Order meat(s) and sides.  Make it a combo if you'd like.  Your food will be up shortly and you're welcome to sit and eat.  The hall is clean and you'll have a server to help with any needs that might pop up.  I went with the Black Plate Special for the day, prime rib with a side of mac & cheese.  Both were delish, especially with the white sauce recommended for the rib (after I asked and was given some horseradish).  They also gave out small samples of creamed corn, which I also enjoyed.

Between the food, the service, and the respect for the country, I will be back.  I will bring a few friends/coworkers.  And I will recommend you give them a try!
THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!! I've been here several times and each time has been better then the next. The first time we ordered takeout. My boyfriend at the time brought his chopped brisket sandwich home and I took one bite and fell in love. The second time I took my father and puppy for lunch. 
They have outdoor seating and offer a bowl of water for your dog. When we ordered I mentioned that I had just gotten engaged and the lovely cashier gave me a free sweet! Every time we come here the staff is extremely nice, accommodating and knowledgeable.
The food has always been great! The chopped brisket sandwiches are delicious. The mac and cheese, cheesy potatoes, french fries and sweet potato mash are the sides I would recommend.
This place is wonderful, I love it here and will continue to come.
These guys REALLY need to advertise better. I was complaining to a coworker just last week that I haven't had good barbecue since the last time I was in Austin. She told me about this place and swore up and down that it was Texas good. I walked in and immediate fell in love, well before I ever got to order any food.

Back story time! Three generations of my family have been military and police. So walking into a place that celebrates EVERY branch and every first responder, took me back to being on a military base. Bravo guys just bravo. 

So onto the food! They have a caveman style menu and it rocks. You can order ordinary things like a rack of ribs and a pulled pork sandwich, or you can do like me. Walk up, grunt the word MEAT, and they'll ask how many :)   I ordered three meats (brisket, smoked turkey, and jalapano sausage) southern mac and cheese, and a sweet tea. Best meal I've had in ages. It's 90% close to texas good, the brisket could use a little more salt, but champagne problems!

If I had any slight criticism, I wish that they'd stay open a little longer. The 9pm close time means that I can only get there on days off, but again with the champagne problems. I can't wait to go back. And again THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR SUPPORT OF OUR SERVICE MEN AND WOMEN!!!!!
Solid barbecue. I would have preferred the meat to be smokier but it was still really tasty.
I really like the beef brisket and the mac & cheese was solid as well. I plan to go back and try more soon.
So much to the hype of the people I know who have been here in relation to charity events, this is an epic failure when competition is not a far drive away. Fully unaware that it is not a sit down,  my first let down. I go out to eat because I'm hungry, but mainly because I didn't feel like serving myself. The busboy although very helpful, isn't the same as a waitress who I'd like to tip for her services because I didn't feel like serving myself at home. Now to the food... Baby back ribs, fall off the bone yes, worth 18.99 a rack, not so much. Brisket, great bark, dry as hell! Cheddar jalapeño sausage was good, would have been better served hot so the cheese could be a better viscosity. Mac and cheese, again cold... What the hell people cold and things that should be gooey do not go together. Finally the free piece of corn bread. Don't ruin your platter with something free if it isn't epic. I LOVE corn bread, so much so that it's my signature item at the holidays, these piece not only were dry they had a moldy starch smell. 

They have a great theme and I'm happy the do so much for the police and veteran community but food wise... I won't be back anytime soon.
Wow, this was some good 'que. I'm not giving five stars- because it's not there just yet- but may be shortly. What we ordered actually, like, it actually tasted truly southern to me. They don't hold back on the seasonings- from the ribs which are generously rubbed down- smoked, spicy, and sweet to the baked beans with rich depth and morsels of brisket throughout. The mac and cheese was on point. you can actually taste the cheese which we can't say is the case for other's we've tried. Wife found the M&C to be in her top three ever. Cornbread was a touch drier than we like (Lee Roy Selmon's cornbread stuffing on the gulf coast of Florida is our favorite) but other than that- we really can't complain. The guy at the counter told us to mix some of their creamy coleslaw with the baked beans- yeah- he's pretty much a certified genius. 

The people that work there are exceptionally nice and embracing of you the second you walk in. The social experience alone is worth going. You see plenty of customers who dedicated their lives to defend us. I swear when you see former veterans- and take a second to realize what they did for you- you feel exceptionally small. I just have so much admiration for those that serve our country and to see them being able to enjoy a meal with their loved ones is inspiring to say the least. 

in regards to the price: well. the prices are what they are- a tad expensive- but that's what you pay for when it comes to quality food in general- yet alone BBQ. 

A true taste of good old American BBQ right here in the Northeast segment of Philadelphia. That's  pretty cool and man- I sure do miss living in the south.

All in all- we'll be back.
Came here based on prior Yelp reviews and a hankering for BBQ.   There's plenty of free outside parking and the restaurant is large and self seating.

Food is on point!  The brisket is so juicy large and savory.  Skip the sandwich because bun was not that yummy.  Pulled pork was mildy dry.  The other popular item here are the ribs and we wished we tried this.  Will get next time.  

Sides were A+++  bacon green beans were so good- sweet and savory at same time.  Cheesy potatoes and mac n cheese were great compliment.  Best thing here is their array of BBQ sauces.  We tried out all six and our favs were the Smoky and BayBQ.   You can buy it to take home as well which we may do next time we do our own BBQ at home in the summer time.

Prices were fair and great eating experience.  Great place for groups.  Bathroom was one of the nicest I've seen.  Overall had a great time and would come back again.
Just okay, Mission BBQ has a good theme in terms of giving back to the Veterans and the military as well as hosting fundraising events.However their food is just lackluster.

I was in the neighborhood and was in search for some good BBQ so I came to Mission BBQ and ordered the sausage and ribs platter for about 12.00. 

The taste was good however it didn't taste like BBQ. When I think of BBQ I think of food with a good smokey flavor to it, like the kind at my auntie and uncle's cookout. Mission BBQ just didn't deliver to my expectations. 

Nonetheless the prices are reasonable and the staff was nice. Plus they give you different flavor of sauces according to your liking. They have either regular BBQ or spicy. In the meantime I'll simply continue my search for a good BBQ spot with some smoke on their food!
Tonight was my second time here and again want dissapointed.  The brisket can be cut with a plastic fork and the sausage is phenomenal. I'd definitely recommend going there if you are a bbq fan.
Ugh. 
I feel like it's a hit or miss. I've ordered for luncheons before and the brisket is either amazing or it's so dry you could choke. It's very inconsistent to me.
However the staff is always really nice and accommodating.
I went to this place super skeptical...I know it is a franchise and typically franchise BBQ just isn't on par with local mom & pop. I'm so glad I was wrong! Everything I experienced with this place was excellent. They are really big on supporting the military, so the first thing I noticed when I pulled in was a deuce & half sitting there with a smoker on the back of it smoking up something delicious. Inside the atmosphere is great, decorated with a lot of military garb and regalia.

The food was really good as well. I ordered a brisket sandwich with fries & mac and cheese. Everything was really good. The mac & cheese of the items was probably my least favorite, but I have some pretty high standards for mac & cheese...thought it wasn't my favorite, I would still order it again the next time I go there. I also snagged a bit of a friends cornbread, which was also very good.

I'm glad this place is here...there never can be too much BBQ around.
This place wowed me. 

First I must say the bathroom is what really gave this place a 5 star from the 4 star I was going to leave. 

I can start with the food. Everything was delicious.

I saw the shrimp plate advertised on the door and I had to try it. Boy I'm glad that I did it left no disappointment. It was well seasoned and you don't need any sauce or anything on it.

I ordered the salmon plate too because I'm just greedy and the salmon was good too.

My sides was greens and Mac and cheese oh and the cornbread definitely topped it all off.

Now back to the bathroom. On my way out told my husband I needed to use the restroom. Wow I was amazed at how clean it was. I went to the stall and all the toilets was clean. 

Mission BBQ I will definitely be back and I love what you stand for.
Visited there with 3 coworkers for lunch and we had no complaints  except servers kept coming around and given us free fries and dessert lol.  Friendly staff that went out of there way.   Also we all liked the atmosphere and their support to the military and 1st responders.  One of my coworkers said the ribs were better than Fat Jacks and Sweat Lucy's.  I had the brisket meal combo that cost about $12 bucks and was more than enough food for me.  I ate 3/4 of it.   I'm definitely a fan of the place and will be back
To be clear, this has NOTHING to do with quality of food (its amazing). This place has military things plastered all over their walls but yet doesn't offer a military discount, yet places like Chick-Gil-a do makes no sense. 

If you want to be military friendly and hang our creed and pictures on your walls I'd suggest giving us a discount we don't get paid enough to do what we do out their.

And still no one has responded to this review. Sad.
I was at a reception that was catered by Mission BBQ and the food was great.

***** Chili was delicious. There were lots of toppings to choose from: hot sauce, scallions, sour cream, cheese
***** Brisket was great, very tender with some nice fatty parts
***^ Pulled chicken was not bad
** Mac and cheese was not so great, it was bland and uninspired

The servers were very friendly and helpful & each catering station had a good selection of sauces or toppings. It made for a great event.
Great food loved the meat sampler for first time visiting.  Pulled pork was great needed no sauce. Pulled chicken was so juicy spare ribs fall off the bones. Mac and cheese was delicious and the green beans. 
 
Love the mission concept and the veteran parking spots. They honor the arm forces, police, fireman.  I think they should include correctional officers and nurses. I am a nurse and we sacrifice alot also lets see someone do a 12 hour shift in the er or icu . My husband is a correctional officer and put his  life on the line dealing with the inmates with only pepper spray between you and 90 prisoners.
To be clear, this has NOTHING to do with quality of food (its amazing). This place has military things plastered all over their walls but yet doesn't offer a military discount, but places like Chick-Fil-A do makes no sense. 

If you want to be military friendly and hang our creed and pictures on your walls I'd suggest giving us a discount we don't get paid enough to do what we do out there. 

You want to be a supporter and claim to care for those who serve our great nation against our enemies foreign and domestic than give us a damn discount on the mouth watering BBQ. #20% off for all active and retired military.
Excellent food & service!  Definitely a great addition to NE Philly.  All the food is made fresh daily and you can tell. You know when a bbq joint gets their ribs and brisket right that they are awesome and Mission is indeed awesome!
I've come to Mission BBQ twice now and has very positive experiences for both.  The first was for a party-to-go where we ordered for 20 people @ $11.99 each.  This came with 8 lbs of Smoked Meat, 6 quarts of sides, bakery & homemade BBQ sauces.  The party was very impressed.  It was ready to go when they said it would be in a very easy-to-carry box. We got pulled pork, pulled chicken, and brisket.  The pork and chicken were the best of everything.  The chicken had some awesome seasoning, and there was plenty for us.  The brisket was liked by most, but a bit dry.  We also had sides of cornbread (not a hit), mac and cheese (couldn't get any better), and the sauces I chose two of their six they offer.  Plenty of leftovers for lunches the next day, and they had a new satisfied customer.

The other time was for a quick lunch with the family and we ate in-house.  I had the pulled pork XXL (means 2 sides and drink).  Wife had pulled pork sandwich XL (1 side and drink), and the kid got pulled chicken sandwich XL.  Cole slaw and mac and cheese I thought were very good, wife was not cool with the slaw.  Kid had too much to eat.  Again, good service, good food.

We'll be coming again!  I highly recommend for catering meals.
Food was pretty good, a bit pricey, but awesome atmosphere, cornbread was delish- actual corn pieces inside it. Love how its military and law enforcement themed. The staff is very friendly, the place is clean and there's a lot of parking available for patrons. I tried the chicken it was so juicy and tender and had a nice spicy taste. I also got fries which tasted great and tasted like they were Cajun or with old bay on top and enjoyed a Coca Cola in a glass old fashioned bottle which not too many places sell. Overall my experience here is a good one. I especially love how they have a VIP club for past and present military. You sign up with your email and they send you freebies and deals- deff cannot beat that!
Not impressed. But, more than that, they totally screwed up my take out order. I called them and inquired about a combo baby back ribs and a chicken dinner. I decided on the 4 baby back ribs and combo chicken dinner and 2 small sides for a whopping $18. I repeated the order twice on the phone. When I got home what I got was 2 baby back ribs and some shredded pieces of chicken, which probably amounted to about 2 oz in weight. The ribs were very salty and the small amount of shredded chicken didn't make for a very satisfying dinner. Not for the outrageous price of $18. You know the old saying, Mission BBQ, "First impressions are lasting impressions." You failed me.
I've been here twice already, and the food is amazing! The first time I had the 2 meat combo with pulled chicken and brisket with potato salad. The brisket was so tender and juicy. The second time also I got the 2 meat combo with brisket, pulled pork and fries. The first time we went there the server came to the table to ask about the food, and I mentioned that I didn't know they they had fries. The next thing I knew the server brought us a platter filled with fries on the house. They go well with the vinegar at the table. The white sauce is delicious, and it goes well with the brisket. The white sauce is like their spiced up version of ranch sauce. They also have 6 different bbq sauces at the table to spice up your food. Since this is a new place, the staff is very attentive. I'll definitely be going back and highly recommend it to others. The menu is simple, not a lot of stuff to confuse you, just basic bbq.
Great, friendly service and good atmosphere. Portions are large and everything was fresh and delicious. Meat was juicy and loved all of the many sauces that are offered.
Good BBQ with a great theme. Stopped here with my Dad to try it out after reading some great reviews and we were both happy we did.

I got the brisket, pulled chicken, and a jalapeño & cheese sausage. Everything was flavorful and cooked well. The brisket and the pulled chicken were tender and juicy, while the sausage had a nice snap and evenly spread filling. You can add as much flavor as you want with the six sauces that are on each table, three BBQ and three hot. They all have different flavors, from sweet to smoky and everything in between, and I tried (and liked) them all. They've got good portion sizes and I left feeling full.

I found the staff here to be super friendly. The gentleman who served us took care of us, explained everything to us since it was our first visit, and we had a nice conversation as we were leaving. I wish I got his name, because he was a great employee and really improved our already great experience. When I'm in the area, I'll definitely stop by, even if for takeout. Wish there was one in my area!
They have it all. Great service, great atmosphere and most important, great food. Came here at lunch. I ordered the 2 meats, pulled pork and pulled chicken, with a side of sweet potato hash. The meat is amazing. Everyone in our group loved  it. The sweet potato hash was also very good. Place is great for a quick lunch. You can be in and out rather quick. Prices are also very good for what you get. We almost came here two days in a row when we were on a business trip to Philadelphia and that says a lot for those of us who like to try new food.
The place is decorated to honor those who fight and serve our country, with a little bit of country. As soon as you walk in you smell the smokiness of the barbecue. Yum yum. The food is moderately priced and decent sizes. I love sampling all the barbecue sauces. From those of us from the south, the sweet tea is on point. The coleslaw was my fav. I'm a little of a BBQ snob and thought it was good, but compared to other places such as Sweet Lucy's not as good and not as much food for the price. They only had one dessert option too  The customer service was amazing though and the place was clean.
Wish I had pictures to share of the food, but finished it so fast I didn't even think to snap a photo! The food here is really excellent, and while I typically just come in for take out, the environment inside would be great for a relaxing family lunch. 

Only downside ive found is the price. Have to spend a lot for the portions you get, and I found the prices for the larger sides to be a little insane...

Still come here frequently, though, as it's certainly great BBQ!
So like most BBQ joint I just love them what can I say and Mission BBQ on Roosevelt BLVD was no exception. The place is conveniently located with ample parking. The place is very clean and the food was just as amazing as usual. Me and my friend went there for lunch and it was very delicious. I ended up getting the three meats with two side dishes. I ended up getting the pulled pork, turkey, and succulent brisket with a side of macaroni and cheese and potato salad. I also got a drink to go with it and it was spectacular. I really don't know too many fast food joint style BBQ's but mission is perhaps the best that I've been to. The food is always on point, and the service and fast and friendly and priced accordingly. Overall I give Mission BBQ 5 star's because of its price, value, service, and taste. Can't rate every Mission BBQ but the one specifically on Roosevelt BLVD is great!
Delicious!! I was immediately greeted upon arriving. Within minutes after ordering, my food was ready. It was so goood! The pulled chicken, Mac and cheese and potato salad was great. There was a ton of food within the platter for $11 and a delicious sweet tea. I will definitely be back!
My girlfriend and I were greeted at the door by a friendly member of staff who kindly explained the menu and portions which was nice since it was our first time there. I ordered the brisket sandwich with fries and Mac & cheese. My girlfriend ordered the pulled chicken and Mac & cheese. Both meals were delicious. The brisket was melt in your mouth and just the right amount to fill up the average customer. A nice variety of sauces are provided at each table which are all very tasty. The staff is very friendly and the service is quick. I will recommend this place to friends and will be returning in the near future!
Most people don't know but this is also a BYOB restaurant. I absolutely love that they support fire, rescue, police & military. The food is always made fresh & it is delicious. The only down side is that it is expensive, dinner for my husband and I is around $30.
As a Texan, I've long ago given up on decent BBQ in the northeast. I love the ribs at JB Dawson's, but brisket has no good offering anywhere in the Philadelphia area that I've tried. Mission BBQ had a great showing at dinner tonight.

We ordered ribs..I had too lean rather dry spareribs & my friend had what looked like succulent babybacks. I had good coleslaw & she had cheesy potatoes & baked beans. She loved both. We each received a piece of cornbread which was tasty. I absolutely hate the too sweet cornbread that is generally served in this area. We had very good brewed ice tea.

After we'd finished eating the manager sat down at our table & we had a nice conversation. When I said I was originally Texas, he brought us a big pile of "moist" brisket to try and refilled our drinks. It was delicious and we couldn't finish what he brought.  He reminded us to order moist brisket if we wanted it juicy not lean.

Very nice experience in a clean friendly place. You order & wait for a few moments for your food & serve yourself drinks.  Staff come around to pick up your dishes & are extremely friendly.

I'm enthusiastic & will return for that brisket..the moist choice!
This place is unbelievable!! Between 4 of us, we were able to get everything on the menu to try, except for the brisket. Not one of us had anything negative to say, it was ALL delicious!! Service was awesome & friendly even though we walked in 20 mins before closing (we didn't know they closed at 8 on Sundays). We were out of there by 8:15. Very military and LEO friendly and $2.00 from the hero soda cup is donated! I cant say enough positive things about this restaurant. We will DEFINITELY be back!! Thank you to the owners and staff for getting it right on so many levels!!
Back home in philly for Thanksgiving, I had to say my expectations were low as Philadelphians are not known for their top notch customer service (no offense, but its true.). Mission BBQ did disprove that, with an extremely helpful, professional staff and the food was great.  The restaurant was spotless, with fantastic military decorations.  Between the brisket, great service and country music I would've though I was back in the south.  We need a Mission in Evans, GA.
My husband and I had lunch here today.  We split the three meat platter with brisket, turkey and half a chicken.  Everything was so moist and tender!  The cole slaw was perfect and the baked beans had bits of brisket in them.  They were giving out complimentary orders of amazing French fries.  Portions are large, we had enough to take home for another meal.  They sell reusable cups for $3.99 (I believe).  Part of that goes to the Wounded Warrior fund and you bring your cup back for $.99 refills.  Awesome job, Mission BBQ!
First time here. Have seen it in the area but never had the chance to try it. The place was clean, service was quick and the food was delicious. The only negative I could say is that they were out of the first thing I ordered. We ended up with turkey, pulled chicken, mac and cheese and coleslaw. All good choices. We didn't realize that this was a more casual, cafeteria/fast food style but that didn't take away from the experience and we will definitely be back to try some other menu items.
(3.75) ~ Good overall food & service.  Note:  They stand for the National Anthem(USA) at 12Noon everyday:).  You order at the counter and they call your name when ready & clean the table for you when finished.

SAUCES:
** Smokey Mountain BBQ = (4.25) Very good...my favorite
** Georgia Mustard = (4) very good
** Bay-B-Q = (4) very good w. Old Bay
* Memphis BBQ = (3.75) Good
* Alabama White = (3.5) good on Chicken
* N.C. Vinegar = (3.5) good on French Fries
* KC Classic = (3.5) good
* Honey Heat = (3.5) good, kinda like sweet & sour
* Baja Bold = (3.5) good
* Texas Twang = (2.5) not for me...

SMOKED MEATS:
** Prime Rib with Au Jus = (4.25) Very good...my favorite, just wish they had metal knives as it was tough to cut with a plastic knife...they should also make this a year long item and not just seasonal.
* Ribs = (3.5) good, but they list them as "spare" ribs, but they're too small to be "spare" ribs, these are more like KC Style Ribs which are smaller than St. Louis but larger than Baby Back.  They did fall off the bone, but I'm not sure that is a good thing...

SIDES:
* Mac-N-Cheese = (3.75) Good
* French Fries = (3.5) good
* Creamed Corn(seasonal) = (3.5) good
* Corn Bread = (3.25) pretty good

DRINKS:
* Frostie Root Beer = (3.5) good
* Frostie Vanilla Root Beer = (3) ok
We decided on this place after hearing the ads on the radio. We were finally close by so we stopped in. It takes a minute to decide on the options off the menu board when you walk in. They call your name when your food is ready. Everything was absolutely amazing!!! The brisket, pulled pork, pulled chicken, jalapeno sausage everything was delicious. The sauces on the table are very good. Each a different flavor to the already great food. We were so glad we stopped in. The other thing that made it so enjoyable was the staff, they were so friendly and helpful. They went out of their way to make sure we had a great meal. And the place is very clean. We will be back, hopefully sooner than later.
Not only is this some of the best barbecue in the city -  the service is excellent. There were plenty of staff on hand to help carry food, etc. And there were extremely friendly.  We had the brisket, pulled pork, ribs, Mac and cheese, patato salad, corn bread, Cole slaw -- and they were all very good. They take bbq serious here with noting over smoked or oversauced. 

The pricing is not bad given the quality of the food -- but this is not fast food print. No complaints though as u get what you pay for. 

I enjoy the fact that they support police and firefighters. Buy the special cup as you get infinite refills when u come back for $0.99 which supports the cause. 

Highly recomend. Our family will be coming back.
Stopped in for dinner with my family. Based on the reviews I was expecting great BBQ. While the service and staff were excellent I thought the BBQ was just ok. Although I do love the decor and how the business is dedicated to supporting the local community, definitely a great business model. Just wish I liked the BBQ more.
A very solid addition to the growing Northeast Philly BBQ scene. The location is a good start. Very easy to get to, plenty of parking, nicely renovated space. The first time in may prove a bit odd for restaurant regulars, as it's counter service style. You walk in, check out the menu, place your order and then wait for your name to be called. The crew there moved along quickly, but took a minute to give us the run down on how everything works and what to expect. The place has a nice, standard BBQ setup. Plenty of TV's around for games, nice choices in bottled and fountain drinks. 

I was there with my wife and we both ordered a 2-meat combo meal to share and try a few things out. Those wound up being the juicy brisket, pulled pork, turkey and sausage (jalapeno and cheddar). We also each grabbed the Mac and cheese after seeing so many comments on it and I topped it off with the collard greens. The portion sizes are decent as the prices were pretty low for the combo. The Mac n cheese was quite good. Very cheesy and good flavor. The collards were good. Nice flavor, but paled compared to the mac. The included corn bread was a miss, though. Overly dry.

Each of the items was really well made. The brisket was extremely tender (no knife needed). It had a nice smoke ring and flavorful, though not overpowering, seasoning. I'd recommend not even using sauce for that. The pulled pork was also enjoyable, but definitely worked better with the sauces, as most pulled pork does. It was juicy and not at all dry as I've had it in the past. Nice smoke and seasoning as well. The turkey had a bit of a smoky flavor to it, but didn't have much to set it apart from most turkey breasts. Good, just not a stand out. The sausage, though, was a really nice surprise. Not as spicy as you would think, and the cheddar was very creamy. It had plenty of flavor and worked well with and without sauce.

At the end of the meal, both my wife and I were very pleased. The pricing, food quality, service and atmosphere were all great. Definitely worth checking out and can't wait to go back.
Super friendly and helpful. Small but potent menu. Extremely quick service even during a weekday lunch period. Excellent BBQ and all the sauce choices were fun (take what you want). Extra large booths. Great for groups. I'd easily return.
If you're looking for a local business to support that has amazing food, great prices and a purpose behind the purchase, Mission BBQ is it!

Incredibly delicious BBQ (trumps Sweet Lucy's imo), reasonably priced and very clean. Mission supports the USO and local police/fire with their decor and promotions, including a daily noon standing salute to the flag, employees and patrons. 

This was our first visit and without knowing so, the GM Steve came over to greet us. He took the time to tell us about Mission's dedication to supporting our military families and showed us around the restaurant. He said they started with just a few pictures/pieces of memorabilia and that most of the contributions were from local police/fire/military families. Earlier on this very day, a widowed wife of a police officer brought her family so they could sit at the table where her husband's picture plaque hangs so her grandkids could see. 

So you top all of this off with incredible BBQ, friendly/fast service and a great atmosphere - SOLD! I highly recommend giving and supporting Mission BBQ!
Like being back home in Texas! I had the Brisket sandwich and baked beans with brisket.  The brisket was moist and tender and the beans were delish!  I'm going to get back in line and take some home to the hubby for dinner!!
I was so excited to try this place out since I was hearing rave reviews from all of my friends. I ordered the beef brisket. It was way too salty. So disgusting. Too fatty. I will NOT come back. I will just travel a little further down the Blvd to Fat Jack's, where I know I won't be disappointed. 

I never give 1 star but the only reason I am even giving one star is bc the baked beans where really good.
This place has really good service. They're very firmly rooted in their veteran roots which is AWESOME. The counter girls were upbeat, sweet, and patient (even with a 10yo that couldn't figure out what she wanted). So to start off , the staff is wonderful. The food? Not so much. Is their secret ingredient salt? I am in NO WAY claiming a food born illness, but Twice I have eaten here and twice I felt awful afterwards. Sick to my stomach. Maybe too much salt? Likely. Again, the staff is spot on, just not a fan of their food. Won't be returning.
When you go into a restaurant just looking for a quick lunch on a Sunday, you don't expect to have an exceptional experience. You want there to be enough good food to fill you up and that's about it.

We just had an exceptional experience at Mission BBQ. The food was very good and the service was outstanding. After getting about halfway through our delicious lunch, the manager Steve came to our table to check up on us. He was extremely friendly and told us about how the work the restaurant does for veterans, current members of the armed forces, police, firefighters, and first responders. They routinely donate and give away food to those who serve and protect. Steve was so friendly and passionate- it was infectious. 

When the service goes above and beyond what is expected, the food is wonderful and there's a company mission that makes the customer feel good about patronizing the business, it's a win-win. I will be back and they will have my business for a long time.
I expected better. Aside from the mac and cheese the food here was bland, tasteless, and in the case of the bread perhaps even stale. The only positive was the staff. They were professional and courteous.
My favorite place for quick barbecue. I've never been disappointed. Once I came in before they closed and they game me a ton of Mac and cheese and desserts. I was pregnant at the time and it was incredible! I usually get the brisket and Mac and cheese. I really like their blueberry cobbler when they have it available. Also their fries are some of my favorite from anywhere! My husband loves pretty much everything from there and always gets their specials and usually loves it. Good place, good people and good food. Definitely recommend.
I've been here now a couple of times, and am, indeed, a fan - of the food that is. This restaurant is apparently emerging in the fast casual arena and it is interesting because of the their whole support the troops/nationalism/patriotic theme they have going on. I'm not quite sure if I've ever been in a restaurant that tried to politicize themselves so much, or at all, really. The only other place that comes to mind is Geno's Steaks' "speak English campaign".

You order and pay first at the counter, and then they call your name. They call it pretty quickly, so don't stray too far from the counter. It will likely be before you even have a chance to sit. 

The brisket is superb. Like Very tasty. Not too dry and they don't sauce it, but do a rub on it. At your table, there is a selection of six different BBQ sauce to choose from. I try them all each time, my favorite being the Memphis one. The KC one is good too. All worth trying. The pulled chicken is good too, as are the mac and cheese, cornbread, and fries that I've had the pleasure in sampling so far. Those I've dined with have had positive experiences with the baby back ribs and pulled pork as well, but I cannot personally attest to that.

The service is really good, as good as it can be in a no waiter type of environment. At my last visit, one of the staff brought a large plate of "freedom fries" to our table on the house, which i appreciated.

Not a very ethnically diverse staff or clientele which I find interesting in this area of the city which is fairly diverse. I wonder if that has something to do with the restaurant's politics.
Mission BBQ is better than Fat Jacks. There I said it. Their sides are banging and plentiful and they have numerous BBQ sauce options on the side so you can chose your own poison. Sometimes I order ahead and bring my lunch back to work, but if I have time I like to eat in so I can have a different BBQ sauce with every bite. They're all so good I don't really like to dedicate myself to just one for my sandwich. All in all, come for the meat, stay for the sauce.
I usually drive by this place so I decided to stop in and finally check it out. 

I got the pulled pork sandwich with a side of mac and cheese. The food was cooked very well and was super delicious. The mac and cheese was b o m b. Each table has 6 different sauces that vary from sweet to spicy so you can add as much flavor as you desire. The portion size was also good, you'll definitely feel full. The best part is their appreciation for military, fire and police officers.

If you haven't checked this place out, definitely do. You will not be disappointed.
Love this place! All the food was great. Friendly staff. Awesome theme and decor. I'm a huge fan.
Mission barbecue in n.e.phila is the best barbecue in the area by a long shot.tonight was my first visit.i didn't know what I was missing.im not a big meat eater but I'll be eating more as I work down the street. My boyfriend had the brisket sandwich and he loved it and he is a picky eater. I had the turkey sliders and it was better than the turkey I made Thanksgiving hahaha. The staff is welcoming and when they found out it was my first visit gave us free dessert and a coupon for 2 free sandwiches!. We'll be seeing a lot more of me.
Food here is always amazing. Wish they would stay open a little bit later at night. Never had problems with the staff members. Been here more than 5 times
Walked in not knowing the kind of theme going on there. It was a ranch-style cowboy look mixed with a very patriotic touch. There were military posters and frames all over the wall.

It is a self serve place where you order and wait for the food before seating yourself.  Food is very American combined with southern comfort food.

I ordered the shrimp (about 6 pieces on a slice of baguette) and a side of green beans (cold and meh)

There were 6 options of sauces with a mini description of each. That probably was the only interesting thing!

My experience was very mediocre. Probably will not come again.
I love Mission BBQ but this location drives me nuts a little. The cashier was very friendly today and separated things like I asked because I was dropping off one of the platters. My issue is here: I usually get Brisket and asked for it be mixed (lean, and fatty-moist). They always just give me lean here despite saying "okay" when I order it. Today is the second time it has happened. The location in KOP does it for me and I don't know if it is somehow against company policy (gasp!) or what, but I'm over it (throws up hands). I can't pay $12.47 plus 8% Philly tax for a brisket platter that is not really amazing because the lean just isn't (sorry).
This place had some good food we liked it a lot the macs and cheese was great the cheesy potatoes was great and the caramel cobbler was on point. The brisket wasn't too fatty either which was great. The down was the bbq sauces they didn't have any wow factor to them, but we will definitely be back. I hope they keep this up the good work.
I finally tried this restaurant today!
I got a turkey sandwich, which was fantastic. This is not lunchmeat. This is tender, thick-sliced black-pepper-crusted turkey breast on a soft challah-style roll. Unbelievable.
I also tried a few side items. The French fries were not too salty, so I liked them a lot. The baked mac n cheese was also delicious. The green beans with bacon were awesome. And best of all: the bread pudding. It was the best bread pudding I've had outside of New Orleans! 
I recommend this place for a down-home, flavorful, high-quality meal.
We've had a few new BBQ places pop up but Mission is probably the best. I love the different sauces at the tables, which are delicious and a little different than the usual. They have their own line of soda and they also support the Military and offer a discount. 
What else do you need!?
I got a takeout of pulled chicken and macaroni and cheese. I was not happy to find tough fat in my chicken and was unable to enjoy the remainder of the meal.
Had a lunch here with a friend.  We ordered a bit of everything.  The brisket was hit of miss.  Some pieces were dry; others were fatty.  The pulled pork was the favorite.  Potato salad was good.  Mac and cheese was about average.  I love that you have a selection of six different kinds of BBQ sauce.  Cornbread was not great.  

BANANA PUDDING.  A must order!!
I like the set up- it's super causal.. You come up the counter, order your BBQ, and sit down at an available table. The place is clean, and you can bring your own beer. The BBQ is ok. It's pretty mediocre. The corn bread isn't edible though. So don't set up your tastebuds for disappointment.
Mission BBQ is a fun place to eat. You feel proud to be an American and feel like you're paying honor to those who protect and serve our country. The brisket, chicken, green beans, potato salad and Mac and cheese are all delicious. Cornbread is ok but other then that, you're in for a treat. Plus all of their sauces make for a nice touch.
Very friendly staff here. I almost forgot I was in Philadelphia..
Pulled pork sandwich was very filling, fries were good, and they have 6 different sauces at each table that are all very flavorful. Would certainly stop in again.
Stopped in on the spur of the moment. Did not realize it was a self- serve place.  Food was ok
Pros: Contribution to American Heroes, calm setting, Decor, TV, Clean, good customer service, good lighting, beautiful and clean bathrooms, variety of sauces.

Cons: Kids ribs had spice rub, food was not hot, sides didn't come with the meal.

The overall feel of the place reminded me of Sweet Lucys, but with a twist. They had police, firefighter, first responders et cetera decor. Mostly everything about the actual location, space, decor was great. Clean, friendly, quick service the whole nine. Unfortunately I do not feel the same way about the food. The meal does not come with a side, that is separate.  The food came quickly, usually that's good but when it's barely warm I'm pretty sure it was sitting out. The brisket  was moist and tender, had decent flavor. I did not enjoy the green beans, they weren't seasoned well. My daughter had the kids ribs, it came with 2 and a side. She got mac n cheese. She really enjoyed the mac n cheese, it was cheesy, warm and had a good amount in the bowl. Her ribs though had the rub on them and was too spicy for her, she took that part off and ate the rest. My boyfriend had the brisket and pulled pork with the mac n cheese. He enjoyed it all. The corn bread was small and dry and I thought it had some type of flower, (yes flower, not flour) taste to it. I also had the lemonade, it was pretty good. You come for the food,  the environment isn't enough for me to come back unfortunately.
This place is AWESOME!!!! My parents went here and raved about it to me. I figured I'd try it out and I'm glad I did. My husband and I ordered the ribs, macaroni and cheese and corn bread. I got macaroni and cheese and green beans for my daughter. The manager brought us out some fries also at no charge because he said that the green beans were spicy and he didn't think my daughter would like them. That was very nice of him. The food was phenomenal. It was Mothers Day also so all the women received a red rose and a gift certificate for a free sandwich. I will definitely be going back there.
As far as BBQ goes, Mission BBQ can hold it's on in the arena.  Between the seasoning, the selection of sauces (whatever floats your boat, you'll find it) and wide selection of options, your taste buds and your stomach will be satisfied.  My favorite is the chicken and the corn side.  

The customer service is beautiful.  Very friendly staff behind the counter and on the floor.  

Between food quality and customer service, Mission gets a 4 star.  The fifth star....

... is for the way Mission BBQ supports and takes care of service members.  We, as a country, do not show enough appreciation for our service members.  Yes, there are always going to be some bad apples in the police department.  And yes, we may not agree with how our government is utilizing the military.  Our service members and their families sacrifice so much more than a paycheck.  So, yeah... I really admire how Mission BBQ supports and takes care of the service members.  And so they get a 5 star rating.
I tried Mission BBQ for the first time this weekend and was very pleased! The Baby Back Ribs were delicious and they give you a variety of about 6 different BBQ sauces to try. I also got the pulled pork sandwich and it's a VERY generous portion in my opinion. Even their brownies are great! The price is great for the portions and style. It's rare to find great BBQ food in the far northeast, so this place is definitely worth trying! I love how they salute our service men and women as well as local law enforcement...very classy! I'll definitely be a return customer.
Very tasty. I thought the portions for the meat for adequate but possibly sides were a little on the smaller side. Very friendly staff very clean and accommodating. Certainly would go back.
I'm still on the fence with this place. Some of the BBQ I experienced was fairly good, but seemed too salty for some reason. Some sides were ok, but others were clearly canned and reheated (string beans for example.) Portion sizes were average to small. Service was ok. I think I prefer Fat Jacks or Sweet Lucy's BBQ to this place. However I will stop in again and update this review if things change.
Delicious BBQ. Tried the ribs, brisket and pulled pork. They were all really good. The mac and cheese and baked beans were also very tasty as well.  I'll be back for more.
Too much salt! Cornbread is terrible! and the ribs were nothing special. I usually go to Fette Sau on Frankford Ave for BBQ but wanted to try something a bit more local, shame on me. The quality of food between the two is like Filet and hamburger meat for roughly the same money. I liked the Atmosphere of the place but the food was average to below average at best.
Delicious! I'm a stickler for good bbq and this is worth every penny. We were first timers and they explained everything on the menu and the place was well staffed and nicely decorated, food came out fresh and absolutely amazing! I highly recommend the pulled pork!
Food was very good and reasonably priced.  Restaurant was clean and spotless.  Most importantly the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  I will be back.
Recently got take out from here and it was AMAZING!! the ribs are great and meaty and filled with smoky flavor they give you side of different types of sauces but to be honest you don't even need them they are just an added bonus. The place was beautiful inside. Pulled pork was also great and full of flavor. The Mac and cheese is out of this world!!!
Everything is bbq, which is fine. I like that they have different types of sauces and enough menu options. Everytime I've had any pulled meat, it has been dry. Extremely dry. People are friendly, pricing not bad. I'd just like to have something that isn't dry for once.
Probably the worst bbq I've ever had, fast food bbq equivalent to the McDonald's McRib... Only reason I ate what I ordered was because I didn't want to just waste my money and I still wasted my money on the food plus now my stomach hurts. Wouldn't feed this to my dog. Thanks mission bbq!
Absolutely delicious and fresh barbecue and seafood. Sides are tasty and the wide selection of sauces is sure to please everyone at your table. Go with Baja Bold Desert Hot (at the condiment bar, not at your table) if you're looking for a kick. On top of the amazing food and friendly staff, this place screams national pride. Their support of our troops and law enforcement is enough to cement me in as Mission BBQ's newest regular.
Excellent food and service, the staff are very friendly and professional. I have been there a dozen times now and everything I have tried was excellent. My only negative would be the portions are a tad small as far as the price per meal or side.
The food here is good and the atmosphere is great.  Always courteous and clean and fast!  Will order from here again for sure!
it was so awesome to eat there~~~ food is fantastic ~ also sweet tea~~ great~~~ i order pork pulled sandwich  n cold slaw ...i had a great time  staff is kind and good i will go again sooooon
Been here a several times.  Clean, bright and open restaurant.  Fast and very friendly service, great food and the price is reasonable.  Will be going back.  Lots of sauces for you to try on the food.  The sweet tea is very good also.
Stopped by this evening for a quick dinner. It was our first time here. We try to avoid chain restaurants but this doesn't feel like a chain. It's a small chain only about 10 or so. We were thrilled that we stopped and ate here. We are big fans of BBQ, and it goes to a great cause. This restaurant supports veterans and first responders, something you don't see often these days. That alone made me want to try this joint. Parking was a breeze, decor was awesome! Military and Philadelphia police and fire. Very clean, neat and organized.

As far as the food goes I thought it was very good. I like the variety of sauces. My favorite was the Texas and the Carolina honey. I had the beef brisket sandwich on a brioche bun with Mac and cheese and cole slaw. The Mac and cheese was out of this world! The Coke slaw was fresh and crunchy, very good. My wife had the smoked turkey, green beans and baked beans. The turkey was moist and delicious! Green beans were spicy but in a good way, baked beans were just okay, a bit sweet for our liking. We also tried a few ribs, they were fall off the bone tender! Great Meath ribs! The cornbread was meh. We like it a little sweeter, a bit different then what you normally find up here. The food was 4 of 5 stars.

We were happy with the visit! Great cause and great restaurant. We will continue to support and will be back. Service was also excellent and the staff was very nice.
My family and I knew about Mission BBQ because of one of the locations in Glen Burnie Maryland that we go to when visiting family. We love BBQ and decided to drive the hour from South NJ to this location in hopes that it was just like the one in Maryland. It's not. It's BETTER. From the moment you walk in the door to the moment you leave, you aren't treated like you're a nobody. The owner is friendly, the staff is wonderful, and the food is phenomenal. I tend to get the pulled pork and my husband loves the beef brisket. The fries, cheesy potatoes, and mac and cheese are my favorite sides, and even the sweet tea is delicious (I'm from the south, so sweet tea is very important). 
We went back tonight for my husband's birthday, and the owner recognized me and thanked us for coming back (he knows we drive an hour to get there!). One of the employees was walking around and offered us to try the carmelized bread pudding. It was PHENOMENAL. Hands down, one of our favorite places to eat.
Arguably one of the best BBQ establishments in Philadelphia. The service at mission is always prompt and courteous. The food is phenomenal and you never have to wait long for it. Parking there is also great. One could eat at Mission weekly and never get tired of it
This place is like the better version of Boston market with a bbq twist. I'd come here once a week if they were closer and the prices are very reasonable. Good job mission bbq!
Thanks to yelp reviews we visited Mission BBQ and we're very pleased we did. Was a little worried at first bcuz when we arrived at 8pm on a Saturday night the parking lot was almost empty. I loved the veteran only parking spot next to the handicap spots. Very cool. We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door by the friendly staff. I wasn't prepared for an order and go sit type restaurant but it works. By the time you get your drinks your order is ready for pick up. The drink and supply area was very kitschy, cute. You pick your own seating. We chose a high top table that was covered in old PA license plates under the plastic/ hard clear top. Even tho this is a chain they decorated very location specific. There are many patches all over the restaurants from police, fire, all branches of the military and more. Add a LEO family we really appreciated this. We've had BBQ from other places in the northeast and this by far is the best.
