I took a chance and ordered some delivery from Mole Poblano, a restaurant unfamiliar to me until I came across it on Eat24 and saw the really high rating. Normally, Mexican food does not travel well, but I was dying for something different from my usual sushi/Mediterranean/rice bowl lineup. 

I ordered the chicken enchiladas in red sauce, no cheese or sour cream (in an attempt to keep the meal semi-healthy). Since I didn't hit the minimum required for ordering, I also got some guacamole. 

The delivery arrived within the promised window and by a friendly delivery guy. Not only was the food packaged well, it looked fresh and appetizing and came exactly as I requested. The portion was enormous and more than enough for one full meal and another smaller meal. Everything tasted great and not at all heavy or oily. The guac was some of the best I've had in Philly. Definitely a fan and looking forward to trying more!
First re-review: Ordered the following items (tamales-rajas and mole; chicken tinga tostadas; enchiladas with mole poblano & chicken; pastor tacos)

Enchiladas were phenomenal and are really what the reputation of this restaurant is based on. It is mind-blowingly good and one of my favorite dishes in Philly. Pastor tacos were a pleasant surprise and are now among my top 3 in Philly (along with Las Bugambilias and Tamalex); very fresh and clean flavor to it, and Mole Poblano's might be the best of the lot (not sure if this but not unreasonable).

Other two items were just a slight letdown comparatively; tostadas were good, but a couple of notches below El Jarocho's (best in Philly in my view). El Jarocho's has more beans on the tortilla shell and the tinga is spiced rather differently and reminds me of really good Southern (as in U.S.) food in aw ay that Mole Poblano's does not. The tamales were a mixed bag: rajas, which have peppers and cheese, were outstanding, but the mole tamal was rather dry and seemed to lack filling inside besides the cornmeal.
Lunch here was a great way to start the Cinco de Mayo celebration!  The place was completely full when we arrived but after only a few minutes, the smiling waitress had cleaned a table for us and what followed was one of the best Mexican lunches I had in a long time.

We started with the chile relleno and carnitas tacos - the sizable poblano pepper, stuffed with fresh cheese, was resplendent in its bright, clean tasting tomato sauce - a winner.  Equally good were the carnitas tacos, entailing three different types of pork, excellent in combination of textures and with the green sauces that sparkled with freshness and piquancy.   I saw a reviewer complaining about "fatty" carnitas in his review - Hello!  This ranks with complaining about toro being fatty.
  
The chicken mole was also very good, with good beans and rice and a complex, earthy mole that harmonized spices and sweetness.
 
I also loved the lentil soup that was served with the specials, as were the outstanding agua frescas (pineapple and melon) included in the order!  We even received a simple but fine dessert, fruit in sweet cream, all inclusive in the price of the special - and that price was low!  This was one of the most amazing quality-price ratios I have ever encountered (I took some food home).

Service was solicitous and efficient, the atmosphere convivial yet calm.  I saw my food hero, Rick Nickols, happily dig into his mole chicken and knew I was in the right place on this Cinco de Mayo.
It's too hot to cook. It's too hot to go outside. I just can't . Let's order hot food in! We rarely get delivery and when we do we splurge using Caviar. This was my first time ordering delivery from Eat24 via Yelp. (I've used it once before for takeout in NY and had a great experience). I actually thought to myself "they know this order is coming from Yelp so I bet they're going to do a pretty good job". They most certainly did.

There's a $15 minimum so we ordered:

Chips & Guac 

Quesadillas Fritas de Papa o Pollo which were fried tacos (3) with your choice of chicken or potato. We opted to go veg of course. 

 Tacos Dorados de Camaron. (4) Shrimp fried tacos which looked more like a flauta to me. 

Everything was thoroughly enjoyed by all. The potato tacos were insane! The shell remained perfectly crisp and the potato, warm and soft. The shrimp which look fried weren't so inside, but crisped on the edges. He said they were very tasty. The guac wasn't my favorite. I prefer mine with a bit more kick and on the chunky side. They kiddos loved it however. They do put a TON of dairy on top which I forget to ask for on the side so if that's a concern, remember to do so. Scrapping it off wasn't the easiest. 

I was a tad worried about how these would travel. Mexican isn't the easiest to transport. Would they be soggy or be a mess when they arrived? Absolutely not. They were perfection....Taste and presentation, surprisingly. Way to go! I very much look forward to ordering through Eat 24 and from Mole Poblano again real soon! 
Very happy with our entire experience. 
Another bookmark checked. We highly recommend!
Great place to have enchiladas! Forget about the complicated stuff that the only way you can have is by going to Mexico. Don't try the Pansita or the Barbacoa or even the tacos, this things are far more complex and difficult that one my think and you really really need to be in Mexico to get ALL of the necessary ingredients to pull it off. 

Try the quesadillas, quesofundido with mushrooms, tacos dorados, but above all try every kind of enchilada that have. You will thank me! :)
If you're looking for huge portions of delicious, authentic Mexican food for low, low prices, look no further than Puebladelphia, the area of Philly just south of the Italian Market and north of the cheesesteak eateries, Geno's and Pat's. There you will find taco shops, grocery stores, music stores, and fashion boutiques with all kinds of - ahem - slutwear. Mole Poblano is a little family owed restaurant with limited seating, lots of local patrons, and incredible smells emanating from its kitchen. Except for the weekend specials, nothing on the menu tops ten dollars, including the restaurant's signature dish, the Mole Poblano, which is not listed on the menu. I highly recommend ordering it on your first visit. You will enjoy a slow-roasted chicken leg and thigh smothered in a totally delicious mole poblano sauce with rice and refried beans. The sauce is dark brown and made of about twenty different ingredients, including chili peppers, spices, day-old bread, nuts, and chocolate. Totally, totally delicious. As I was consuming every tender, succulent morsel of chicken smothered in the delectable, rich, spicy chocolate sauce, I found myself not wanting the experience to end. That is the sign of great food. I could eat this every day of the week and twice on Sundays. With your entrées, you will get free chips and salsa and depending on the day of the week, a free bowl of soup and dessert. All of the food at Mole Poblano has a wonderful, spicy kick to it and my friend Chris W and I became enamored with the place immediately. I was so impressed with my Mole Poblano that I returned the next day for a second helping. Thank you, God, for showing me the way to Mole Poblano.
I am just obsessed with this place. At first, I didn't want to tell too many folks about it do fear that it would get overrun but now - you all deserve to know!! I am from Texas and a Mexican and this place is amazing! I love getting red or mole tamales and a Mexican coke (glass bottle with real cane sugar) on the weekends. Weekdays are for the authentic street style tacos - my favorite is tacos al pastor with onions and cilantro and lime, obviously!! I have had their plates a few times and literally nothing disappoints. Oh! And almost every time I have been, they have given us a small complimentary appetizer and little peaches con crema after! Love it!!
Such a sweet spot on a springy afternoon. Outside tables, great service and welcome break for lunch during the work week. I ordered the carnitas tacos. Flavor was there but a bit too much fat and gristle in the pork for my taste. The guacamole was delicious and my friend said her chicken tacos were delicious. I would have liked less gristle and fat in the taco but it won't deter me from coming back.
I am mexican so I can say that the food tastes like real mexican food. Place is small so arrive with enough time. Service is good, and definetly we will go back.

Realmente sabe a Mexico.
Best thing I've probably eaten in a long time. Mole chicken enchiladas. Do it! 

Loved the intimacy of this place. Food came out quickly. Server was kind and attentive.

All around the place you want to support and see succeed.
In the heart of the Italian Market, this authentic Mexican eatery shines brightly.  It serves up some of the best Mexican food I've tasted north of the Rio Grande.  The only possible drawback is not actually a drawback - it's too popular with both Mexican and non-Mexican Philadelphians.  But the service stays always super friendly no matter how many people are trying to crowd into its small space.

The tortas here are in my opinion the best in Philadelphia.  The accompanying sauces are awesome and all are homemade from the Chipotle to the Salsa Verde to the eponymous Mole Poblano.  And on weekends they cook up a totally awesome Tamale as well as their tasty Barbacoa.  If you love south of the border food, hop on the bandwagon trumpeting this Mexican restaurant!
Honestly I'm so glad we stumbled upon this gem by accident with local Hispanic families eating at the tables outside the restaurant. It's family run which I loved and you know you're giving back to the community and supporting local by eating here. We tried the al pastor, lengua, campechanos tacos. One order comes with 3 tacos, limes, and radishes. We also got the horchata which tasted EXACTLY how horchata should taste. Group favorite was the juicy al pastor as heck and loaded with meat. They do not skimp on your tacos here. It's loaded! Still thinking about it! And in case you need a history lesson about the al pastor, google it lol. The lengua (beef tongue) was so tender and juicy. Haven't had a good no frills tender lengua taco in so long and on the east coast. It was so good! It was our first time trying the campechanos which was a mix of chorizo and carne asada. If you want a meat lovers version of a taco, she's it. Bottom line awesome experience and I'd come and eat here again to try their Mole and fajitas which you could literally smell across the street. I know everyone and their mom is at south philly barbacoa esp since ugly delicious but if you want other flavors of authenticity where the local families eat, walk yourself across the street!
Chicken Mole, shrimp with Garlic, and guacamole were awesome! Waitress was  busy but super friendly. can't wait to try the Tacos!
best place in south philly for mexican food, the waitress was so attentive, and make us feel like we where at home. tacos al pastor will be my menu suggestion. looking forward to coming back!
Was craving Mexican while on break from keto. This place was my favorite meal while on vacation. The meal came with complimentary black bean nachos. If it's the weekend order the barbacoa. It was out of this world. Carnitas torta was to die for, I was only expecting half the sandwich that came. Green enchiladas were surprisingly spicy. Someone had a chicken and shrimp dish with melted quesadilla cheese. BYOB. 

I will make it a point to visit this place anytime I'm in Philly.
What wonderful food!  This is a great small family place right on 9th street in the Italian Market, just a block from Pats/Genos.  We were a group of 6 so called ahead to make sure we would get a table, because this place is very small.  Everything was delicious!  Tacos al pastor, enchiladas de mole, and everything else.  

Particularly spectacular was the Molcajete - a large black cauldron filled with grilled chicken, steak, queso fresco, cactus and onion in a delicious sofrito sauce, served with tortillas and eaten like fajitas.  Be warned that it is meant for 2 people, which I should have realized because it costs $25, which is exactly twice the price of most entrees (thought the tacos only cost around around $8 for three). 

Definitely a great place!
This place is a neighborhood gem, located within the Italian market. Small restaurant so it's better for parties of four or less. Although when I was here on a Wednesday night, there were two parties of eight, that took up half the restaurant. Service was good and prices are affordable (most items were under $10). 

Friend and I got the guac, nachos, beef and cheese tacos, and chicken fajitas. Everything was decent but the standout was the beef and cheese tacos. An order of 3 tacos for $8, such a deal! The portion was much larger than most places. The cheese was melted to the tortilla and the serving of beef for each taco was more than perfect. I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was!

Everything was either okay (to expectations) to good. But you can't beat the prices or the service you get from a small local restaurant.
I've walked by Mole a few times on my way to Taqueria Veracuzana(my fav)and decided it was time to check it out! It's a very small place but it's definitely not your usual hole in the way. It's better!! The restaurant is very neat and clean. They also have a good heating system. Taquerias normally have a crappy heating system or none at all and I have to enjoy my food with my coat on in cold winter months. I waited about 2 minutes for a table. I waitresses seemed very professional! The menu  was very extensive and everything seemed to be priced well. I decided to try the enchiladas because other yelpers raved about them. Good yelpers don't lie!! My enchiladas verdes  were slamming!!!! They were very tasty and they packed a little kick too!! My boyfriend tried the mole poblano enchiladas and they were KILLER!!! OMG, they were so good it instantly reminded me of Mexico. Yes, I have been to Mexico twice! The mole sauce was incredible, it was the perfect!! Its the best I have had and I did not expect it to be that good. Another good thing to mention is that this restaurant is byob and they ACCEPT credit cards. Bring your booze and an appetite you will be pleased!!
It was a Saturday afternoon and I was craving tacos! My boyfriend and I originally planned to go to another place, but when we found out they only accept cash we had to find an alternative. We decided to try Mole Poblano after calling them to ensure they accept card, which they do! 

Upon arrival, it took us a bit to get seated. Most tables were occupied and the only waitress working was on the phone was helping another customer. It took a while for our drink order to be taken as well, but understandable since there was only one girl waiting on all tables. Once we placed our order though the food didn't take long at all. That was nice, especially since I was starving. 

The food tasted amazing! I ordered three lengua tacos (cow tongue). Most places don't sell lengua so I was so excited to see they had them. The tacos came with cilantro, onions, slices of lime and radishes. I normally don't eat radishes with my tacos, but this was a nice switch up. The tacos were great. The only thing I'd say needs improvement is the texture of the lengua. It was a tad bit chewy for my preference, but it wasn't to the point where I was bothered by it. I literally devoured these tacos so that's how little it bothered me haha My boyfriend got the goat tacos and he had no complaints at all. We also ordered a side of guacamole. It's listed as Guacamole con Nachos. Don't let the name fool you though. It's not the nachos you are thinking of. The guacamole was phenomenal. We added some to our tacos! The chips and salsa they provided are also bomb! Two types of salsa were served: salsa verde and chipotle. The salsa verde was refreshing and the chipotle salsa had a nice smokey flavor. 

I had been to some more upscale Mexican restaurants in the city and none were comparable to this place. The interior might've been nicer at the other places, but definitely not the food. Mole Poblano has made my list of places to return!
We went here for a going away dinner due to the LaBan review.  I had to get the mole, and went with the enchilada version.  It was very good, although a tiny bit spicier than I would have preferred.  It was a huge portion and I took most of it home.  The leftovers were of course delicious.  We also shared some guacamole and some nachos.  There was a lot of jalapeno going on in everything.  I like spicy food, but it was a little much.  Overall though, everything was really good, and very cheap.
Small interior, but packed on a Saturday night. They are BYOB so we brought some beers along. We asked for tamales to start. They were running low on choices as the manager reported they make them fresh in the morning, so we mostly got green tamales with chicken. At $2.50 each they were huge and pretty tasty. You could probably share one of these as an appetizer. The one red tamale we had had a real kick to it.

I shared tacos al pastor and enchiladas with verde sauce. The al pastor tacos were on point. The enchiladas come with a heaping topping of fresh avocado, tomatoes, lettuce, onions, and light, shredded white cheese, as well as rice and refried beans. The verde sauce was really delicious. It's a big platter and a very filling meal.

I also got to sample the mole sauce. Usually I'm not a big fan of mole, but this sauce was really nicely balanced with some earthy flavors and chocolate, and also a good spicy backbone.

The standout here is the service. Our one waiter was training, so it's not that the service is perfect, but it's some of the most attentive and friendly service I've ever received. The manager/owner was consistently asking if we needed anything, told us about his grandmother's recipe for the mole, gave us a free sample of mole and asada tacos, and also gave us free small dessert dishes of apples in tangy cream. It was delicious! He even walked us to the door and shook hands on the way out. He seemed genuinely interested in our party having a good experience. Even if the food wasn't fresh and delicious that would be enough to compel my return.
Enchiladas De Mole is the best I've had.  I come back often just for this dish.  The sauce is awesome and I'd say you could put this on anything and it would be delicious.  The chicken is moist and the queso adds complexity of flavors.  

That's not to say Mole Poblano is a one hit wonder, on the contrary, the other dishes, the Grilled Chicken Platter with beans, rice, grilled poblano and cactuses is bountiful and equally delicious.  The chicken itself is pounded thin and isn't dry.

The Shrimp Taquitos also great onsite not as a takeout order.  Chips are complementary if you eat in, you'll miss them if you takeout.

It's generally kinda empty on weeknights, I've heard much about their tamales and specials on the weekends.  I wish they would make some of these specials on the weeknights.
Cheap and very good mexican food. I love love love this place. it is small but it makes the food that much better. We had the Lengua tacos (no taste buds) and it was sooooooooo good. Also the Mole enchiladas were super good. Their Salsa Verde was very mild and every meal comes with chips and salsa. We even bought some of the salsa to take home. A smaller container was $3. If you want more they suggest calling ahead. Also IT IS BYOB!!!
Yum and cant wait to go back!
My friends and I stopped here on a Friday night around 9:30pm and were seated immediately. Let me just start off by saying that the food was absolutely amazing. The waiter brought us some tortilla chips covered in refried beans and cheese (on the house) and was really helpful with the menu. I ended up ordering the steak burrito and it came with a side salad. The burrito was decent sized, packed with ingredients. I'll add that everything seemed well balanced and I didn't find myself complaining about too much rice, or not enough meat, etc. I have no complaints whatsoever with the food, which came out to exactly $11.88. I could tell my friends were similarly satisfied as they ate their entire meals as well (chicken burrito and sopes). 

We came in about 30 mins before closing so I understand that people were probably ready to get out, especially on a Friday night. But some people came in from outside and just stood around and hung out with the guests at the table next to ours. It was a little bit crowded having a couple people stand next to your table while you eat for about 20 mins, but again, I think they were just waiting for their friends to get off work.
This is a hidden gem in the Italian market. We're vegetarian and they whipped up delicious mole enchiladas for us along with vegetarian nachos. They also had yummy chipotle hot sauce and they let our dog sit outside with us. Don't miss this spot!
We had lunch there. The chicken soup was amazing. I had the shrimp platter that was great. The service wonderful, friendly.
I highly recommend this restaurant
Came for the Saturday morning tamales. 

Look, these were really cheap for a lot of food. I just wasn't impressed with the product. Admittedly I don't know what a good tamale tastes like. But these were really just mounds of steamed cornmeal with a very small percentage being some decently executed pulled pork.

While this dish was labeled "mole" tamales, there was was mole sauce or flavor. I found the dish monotonous and uninteresting. But for $5, it was a lot of food.
I've eaten a lot of Mexican, Colombian, Venezuelan, Dominican...you get it. I only go back to the greats and only those that make life easier by having food my kids always eat. This place is a love story I have been sitting on for almost a year. 

There are 3 generations of men in the same family that own and operate this restaurant. The grandfather is a dear and always looks smart in his black cowboy hat. He always has a smile for customers and is always moving. His son is very sharp and attentive and keeps the floor moving in a snappy and professional fashion. Two of his sons work with them, one 19 out front waiting tables and another in the kitchen. It's the kinda place you feel good patronizing because you know they're doing something good and special there.

The food though?! If you say Screw All That emotional bull you can still feel a deep connection to the food that's served in this small cafe style spot on 9th Street before Washington Avenue. The nachos are crisp and full of serious flavor. We always finish every bite and they always accommodate us with extra chips for any bits that we missed the first time over. The Alambra platter is a carnivores paradise and my hubby orders it every time with a side of guacamole. Yum! The tacos Al pastor are fight worthy. Like Go Outside and Fight over someone stealing one from you. The beans are always well cooked with a yummy gravy that I love to drizzle over my rice. This spot also has one of my favorite features in a restaurant these days and that's BYOB!! Just in case you haven't read any of my other reviews, BYOB has become the quickest way to get my attention when describing a new place to me.
Excellent. Top notch REAL Mexican food. Fresh, authentic. Reasonable prices. Would definitely go back.
Ordered delivery during the pandemic and our food was safety packaged and most importantly- DELICIOUS! 

The steak burrito was incredible, really juicy and flavorful. The quesadillas were so good as well. The food came fast and was still hot (and delicious as leftovers the next day too!) Can't believe it's our first time ordering but won't be our last.
The best tamales I've ever had in my life. And I'm from California. That says a lot about this place.

When I eat out, I usually like one dish more than others. That somehow did not happen when I ate Mole Poblano's tamales: verde, roja, raja, mole--I liked them all. The tamales were moist, the fillings were delicious, and the size was quite big that $2.50 per tamal seemed justified. It was perfect for my first tamal dining experience.
Fantastic, Authentic Mexican food.  Great service!
Delicious. My family and I got three dinner dishes, one of which was the barbacoa- goat slow roasted to perfection.  The other dishes we got were the pork chop platter and mexican steak platter.  For 10 dollars each- you can not beat this price and this taste combination.  Much like Veracruzana nearby, but I better prices and bigger sized portions.  Very comfy inside. I will be going back a lot.
Between this and Blue Corn up the street, I see no good reason to eat Mexican anywhere in this city beyond 9th St.

Had the enchiladas mole.  Holy crap, dude.  A bigger portion than what I've had at Blue Corn but at a similar price.  I will chalk that up as a little extra love for being so close to the live bird shop.  Also, the red salsa they provide at the beginning of the meal is the best salsa I've ever had.  I usually like to try more than a couple things before reviewing somewhere but these were so good I couldn't resist.

Only thing this place lacks is a liquor license (I think), but for my money this is the best Mexican I've had in this city and can't wait to go back and try more.
Mole Poblano is in the heart of the South Philly Italian Market, where a cluster of fabulous little Mexican joints and taquerias live. Like the many I've visited before, Mole Poblano left an ace impression.

We kicked things off with chips and guac, which were basically perfect. The guac was fabulous, with a really rich, creamy texture and plenty of garlic and cilantro. It was topped with a smattering of cotija, too! 

For mains, we split chihuahua-stuffed quesadillas with jam. I mean, ham. We expected jam but got ham, due to a menu typo. Despite defying expectations due to a lack of jam and presence of ham, these toasty quesadillas, served with a fresh, artfully plated side salad, were better than either of us expected!

We followed up the quesadillas with chicken taquitos. They arrived to the table crunchy af despite being enshrouded in generous fixins (crema, shredded lettuce, tomatoes, cotija cheese). The taquitos had the potential to be great, but weren't exactly a home run, despite their delicious outer shells of yellow corn crunch. A filling of chicken tinga would've likely resulted in a win. Alas, these were instead filled with plain shredded chicken, with no sauce and seemingly little to no seasoning to lift them. I dunked these babies in salsa verde and chipotle salsas to impart some flavor. But I shouldn't have had to.

All in all, though? This meal was delicious, and we both left Mole Poblano stuffed. Who knew ham quesadillas could be so delicious? I'd gladly return here for more of those, and to taste other menu offerings, too. Especially tamales!
This is the best Mexican restaurant on 9th St, hands down. I get it that people wait in line for The place on the corner because they're on TV,  it when it comes to good food and service, Mole Poblano is my go to.
Tamales Saturday and Sunday morning are the real deal - pick up a dozen - they'll stay hot until 1:00 kickoff.
Yes. Yes. Yes.

After two tamales (a red sauce and a mole) and the chicken tostada, I can sincerely say that this is the best Mexican food I have ever had. For the sake of science, and science alone, I will of course return on a weekly basis to substantiate this claim. 

You're welcome, science!

Plus, these motherfuckers deliver.
Its BYOB which is great. We had the fried chicken tacos and they tasted like you were eating cardboard.  We told the owner/manager and he took them away but still charged us. Not good customer service there. We also had the chicken enchiladas. They were ok. The Green sauce was very good but the tortillas were too thick and soggy. It's not worth going to a whole in the wall of the food isn't good.
Came in to have breakfast and it was fantastic.  We had the Huevos con Mole.  The staff is friendly and the service was good.  The coffee was Mexican style with a hint of cinnamon.  They brought out complimentary chips with green and red sauce.  The green sauce was a little bland but the red sauce which was chipotle sauce was nice and roasty and spicy.  They even gave us complimentary dessert.  

Noise level was good.

Would definitely come back to try dinner.
Absolutely delicious. Not only is it relaxing and chill, but the food is totally mind blowing. Everything is flavored wonderfully, and different dishes are different spice levels. Most importantly, I'm vegetarian and so many of the dishes can be made to accommodate. I wanted enchiladas, instead of chicken I put got them filled with their retried beans (delicious even on their own) and cheese. Wonderful toppings, supper authentic, amazing service. Nothing bad to say about this place!
Really good authentic mexican food, right in the middle of the italian market. My real estate team and I grabbed lunch here after volunteering down the street and we came hungry!

It's hard to mess up chips and Guac, but it was very good, and I was a big fan of their salsa verde. I had the beef tongue tacos and they were delicious! This was my first time trying beef tongue and I was a really big fan. Would definitely go back!
Absolutely fantastic fantastic food. Everything about this place just WORKS! I've never been to Mexico before and I've seldom had authentic Mexican cuisine, but I imagine this is what the experience is like.
Came with a group of 4 others last night (Friday night) and it was surprisingly not too full. The interior is very cute. Not to mention, the entire neighborhood makes you feel like you're in a Latin American country! There are little panederias and things everywhere! Seated promptly and service wasn't too bad (in fact slightly slow service is the only reason I give it a 4stars, for a half full restaurant it could've been slightly faster/more attentive).
The best part: the food. They start you off with fresh chips with 2 types of dip. I wish I asked the server what they were because I had never had anything like that. The brown one was very spicy with an amazing kick and the green one was so flavorful! Plus we got extra spicy guac to start which was delicious.
For entrees we got the Mole Poblano, carnitas, potato tacos, and breaded chicken. The Mole Poblano was probably the best thing I've ever eaten in a Mexican restaurant. The chicken was so moist it practically fell off the bone. The sauce and beans and rice had this aroma to them, and the flavors were something else. I tried a bit of everyone else's stuff and it was all so good! They ended us off with some complimentary custard and fruit which wasn't too bad (hey it was free). Decent prices too it ran us about $67 pretip for 5 people.
All in all, this place is a gem. Parking sucks (we got lucky), and service was kind of slow. Food was ridiculous, and the whole area has a certain authentic feel to it. Come here it's worth it.
It's tough to find a Mexican restaurant serving up authentic Mexican food with the flavors found in Mexico.  A recommendation from a tortillaria up the street led us to Mole Poblano.  We were hopeful with guarded expectations.  Wow were we impressed.  Not only was the food authentic the service was good as well.  I recommend the carne asada with a glass of horchata. Buen provecho!
We went again for a last minute b-day lunch and they were able to get our party of 10 seated right away.  I got the enchilada verde again and it was just as delicious as I remember.  Maybe Better!  Portions are big.  Enough leftovers for dinner too!
Service was a really good.
So I know all the buzz if South Philly is about the South Philly Barbacoa, as seen on Chef's Table...or so I hear. Judging by the line I saw extending down the street, I'm guessing the buzz is justified. Well, I was the plus one on a girl's day with The Assassin and her friend RfromNY. We had just visited The Assassin's recent purchase, and we were famished. This gem appeared a few stores down. The Assassin had heard good things so we went in. Nice, cute little shop. Great and quick service. The menu had a great selection. They had tamales on Saturday and Sunday, as well. I ordered one of each type of tamale that they had. There were two with red sauce (one beef and one pork...I think), one with chicken and green sauce, and one with oaxaca cheese and tomatoes. Well, let me warn you. These tamales were no joke. They were like the size of an ear of corn...and for $2.50!!! I got the chorizo and eggs, which were pretty good, but compared to the tamales...they were aight. The tamales were just wow. Warm...soft...generous...filled with great meats and veggies. The veggie and the beef one were my favorites. RfromNY got a torta and it was huge. She said it was the best she's ever had, also. I'll get to South Philly Barbacoa someday, but don't count this place out.
We went here because our usual go-to spot was closed. Now we may have a new go-to spot! 
The service was stellar and the food was great. We had Queso fundido with mushrooms and chorizo, guacamole, and shrimp tacos. The shrimp tacos were especially good. We look forward to coming back to try other items.
Sticking with our pescatarian challenge. Opted for the garlic fish and shrimp fajitas. Pretty good, and would encourage you all to try the fish. I would definitely also have gotten the beef and cheese tacos.
Wow, I followed all the other yelp reviews looking for some delicious authentic Mexican food in Philly and they did guide me wrong! Mole Poblano is awesome! My wife got a delicious trio of tacos with different proteins and I got a skirt steak special that was topped with a jalapeno salad and served with warm tortillas, beans, and chips. So delicious! And the complimentary chips to start and rice pudding to finish were perfect. I would absolutely come back here.
Um, so much yes about this place!

I was seriously craving some non-Chipotle type Mexican food on a casual Saturday, and since one of my friends said this was his favorite, a bunch of us decided to try it out. 

Hard to describe the ambiance of this place; it's a peculiar but appealing blend of hole-in-the-wall and fancy. On the one hand, it's pretty small and a bit shabby with tiled walls that resemble the interior of a diner. On the other hand, as my one friend kept insisting, it has wine glasses and candles on the tables so it can kinda qualify as a date spot. Also, the service is excellent, with friendly waiters dressed in all black to add a little more class. 

On top of that, the food is delish, particularly the tacos that my friend got and kindly shared with me. My own "enchiladas de mole" was good, but I'd probably default to their tacos in the future. A memorable dish of the night was one that my other friend ordered, some special dish that was legit ginormous (but also twice the cost of anyone else's dish). I can't even remember what it was called, so I'll just leave it as the mystery menu item, and maybe you can figure it out from the blurred picture I managed to screenshot from the tail-end of my snapvideo! He said it was really good, although he also commented it might be the most expensive dish he's ever ordered at a Mexican place. That's def the anomaly though; everything else there was very reasonably priced and worthwhile imo.
Excellent authentic Mexican restaurant! They have great food (not just tacos and burritos). The place is small, but the service is great. Servers speak English and Spanish. It's BYOB!!
I recommend the enchiladas de mole and the tacos dorados. They also sell Mexican coke and Jarritos sodas.
Damm this is good...even great....still thinking about this a week later! The BEST mole I've had outside if Mexico...dark complex and downright delicous. The freshest green salsa and excellent chilaquiles. Can't wait yo come back for the famous tamales and lamb barbecue
Fantastic fresh authentic Hispanic food. Delicious and huge chicken soup, great huevos rancheros. Helpful service. Mostly Spanish speaking customers not a surprise. Must try in the Italian market.
I literally come here every week for their mole enchiladas. Their mole is soooooooo good! It has spice, depth, savoriness, and a hint of bitterness. And the chicken is always tender. The portion size is large for the price. And their delivery comes hot. Great place to dine in and take out. Their other stuff is good too, from the bites I've taken of my friends' orders.
I love this place, the food is always fresh and delicious. The staff is always super friendly. I would recommend you buy tortillas from the tortilleria close by and take them to eat here. Not sure why they use store bought tortillas having such a great tortilleria in the same market.
We used to go almost weekly for years before the pandemic. We continue ordering from Mole during the pandemic and their service has been incredible. The delivery was impeccably safe and the food delivered quickly, fresh, and warm. Our favorites: Tacos Al Pastor, Tacos de Barbacoa, Camarones al ajillo, Camanores Embrochetadas, Chuletas de Puerco, among others. And dont forget to order a side salad, an agua fresca and a dessert - amazing quality at such an affordable price! I can't wait to go back in person and be greeted by Javier and the family again! We miss them so much!
On an early Saturday and/or Sunday morning, park outside this establishment and ask the kitchen staff for a fresh hot mole tamale ($2.75) and consume immediately.  Pieces of roast pork are tucked away in a warm and ever-so-soft tamale and the sensation from the mole sauce lingers on your lips for almost an hour later.
I came here with an associate, as we were curious about the various Mexican restaurants that Italian Market has to offer! We found this place randomly and decided that the next time we went to south philly, we'd come here. 
So we came here during brunch hours, and they have the brunch menu! I got the ham omelette which is perfectly doused in light cheese sauce, seasoned rice, and beans. It was fantastic and not way too heavy, but very filling. My associate had an al pastor taco and beef taco combo, all of which were fantastic and flavorful! Tender meat, juicy. Service was excellent! The guy helped us get to know the menu very well and made sure we knew what we were getting. Even explained the al pastor tacos being a little on the fatty side, just in case we were not into that I guess. That's always nice to know the details of the food we get. I would definitely come back here!
The review is for the tamales that are available on weekends. I tried verde, mole, and rojos, I forgot the other one. 

The gentleman who helped me with my order was super nice and friendly. I felt really welcomed. 

Tamales were still hot, decent size. However most of them are cornmeal. Not too much meat and on top of that they lack  flavors.
Was in the neighborhood for lunch during a road trip. Not many places open and ended up here more or less at random. Boy were we luckily!

Of all the restaurants we passed, this one was far and away the most covid safe. We ate in a lovely little outdoor booth and our server provided hand sanitizer when we sat down.

The menu is more or less what you would expect. I ordered a burrito and my friend ordered their daily special.

Without having asked for it we were brought a little plate of fresh made tortilla chips with salsa and some other sauces. Very tasty and gave us something to much on while waiting for our food.

My burrito was good, might try something else next time, but overall solid. My friend's special though was amazing. Ended up coming with a bowl of soup and was generally just a lot more food then we expected.

When we got the bill, I was shocked to see that our meals were the same price, only $12 each. Great value for money. Would definitely recommend it!
This is for sure my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Amazing, authentic cuisine. Genuinely warm and welcoming service. Cannot recommend this highly enough!
Ordered the tamales available on weekends and only in the morning. Got the mole, roja, and verde (chicken) tamales. Very filling. Would come back again.
This is an unassuming spot down the street from the tourist-titans of Pat's and Geno's. I am glad to have stumbled across it. The food is authentic and fresh. I had the goat which was absolutely great
Mole Poblano is a big reason that I stayed living in the market for two years. I can't recommend this place enough.

There are a couple of things that I'll choose from ordering:

1. Pechuga de Pollo Asada - spanish for grilled chicken breast, but it isn't any ordinary chicken breasts. It comes with rice, beans, cheese, cactus, jalapeno, green onion, lime, pico de gallo, and tortillas. Not all of that is included anymore because they changed the menu a little bit. I have been less enthusiastic about this dish since the change but it's still pretty good.
2. Chicken tacos - not your everyday tacos. At least, not the way I am used to eating tacos. These tacos seem pretty normal in authentic Mexican culture. Seasoned chicken with grilled onions, cilantro, and some other good stuff. It's a light meal but it's pretty delicious.
3. Chicken burrito - your standard burrito served with a salad and lime on the side. The salad has lemon juice and olive oil as a dressing and avocado on top.
4. Molcajete - my friends joke around calling this a bucket of crap. It is quite the opposite. This bucket has everything delicious in it that is Mole Poblano, and lot's of it. Chicken, beef, mushrooms, shrimp, jalapeno, onions, garlic, I am definitely missing a ton of ingredients but it is something you definitely have to have if you are adventurous. It's pretty huge so it is better to share with a friend. 

Mole Poblano is hands down the best Mexican food around. The service is really good. Also, they provide free appetizer and dessert. Come in early on the weekends for their tamales. Thank me later!
Phenomenal food, incredibly kind servers... I'm so glad we found this place when we did. I can't say enough good things about our whole dinner experience tonight--gorgeous chips and salsa to start, the world's most decadent torta, the perfectly proportioned tacos, the music, etc.

Grateful to have discovered a restaurant like this during the pandemic and thrilled to have it to return to again and again.
I really enjoy traditional tacos...especially al pastor!!! I read in a magazine that this place was voted best al pastor taco. I usually do not trust any "Best of Lists" since they usually gravitate towards touristy or well known establishments. 

But, it was late on a friday night and my taco trucks weren't open. I thought, lets give this place a try. The restaurant was clean and spacious for a south philly restaurant. The menu had the usual mexican fares. I already knew i wanted tacos. My gf went with the Mole Poblano. The only mole i had was from tex-mex places (cantina), which was underwhelming. 

The service was a bit slow despite only 2 other tables in the place, one was done their dinner, and one had their orders being delivered.. Didn't understand that. 

So the food comes, the al pastor had some lean cuts of pork which made it "kinda" dry but the pineapple helped provide added moistness to the meat. Overall, i thought their al pastor was good. I would rank it as a top 3 in philly. 

PS: Does anyone know what happen to the taco truck that use to be next to the Target parking lot in South Philly? That guy had the BEST al pastor. i miss him dearly. 

I digress. The mole with chicken was pretty good. the portion was decent and very flavorful. They could've given more beans but it may have overwhelmed the dish. 

Overall, i  recommend checking this place out.
The mole poblano main dish is really wonderful.   I loved it.   I think there mole is a good spicy leveL, rich, and not too chocolaty.
Stopped in during Italian market fest and got the goat tacos 

Small space but the tacos were solid and I'll have to come back to try some of the other items many of which I know I can't eat in one sitting.  


But I would say to definitely come by if in the area.  Friendly staff.   The one guy had to translate for the girl who took my order but I will b back
This place is a hidden gem. It is a small Mexican restaurant but it is worth the wait. Mole Poblano serves authentic Mexican food that is absolutely amazing! 
It is located on 9th street in Philadelphia and honestly you might walked passed it a few times without even realizing it.
After you get seated they serve you with water and you receive their menu. They menu has a lot of different and unique dishes to chose from. You can just order tacos or if you want something more authentic you can order one of their entree dishes. After we ordered they served us with a complementary dish of nachos. The nachos were amazing and they were served with a green sauce and a red sauce. The green sauce is a little bit more on the sweeter end and it does have a little kick to it, whereas the red sauce has more of a smoky flavor to it with a little spice to it.
When it came time to the main dish, I ordered Enchiladas Verdes O Rojos and it was the best enchiladas I have ever tasted. For starters everything that was in my dish was really fresh, you can tell that everything was home made, and cooked to perfection. I order my enchiladas with the green sauce and it paired up nicely with the enchiladas, and all the veggies that were in there. 
I also went out with one of my friends and he ordered the Enchiladas de Mole and it was also amazing! This dish is served with Mole which has chocolate in it with a spice to it. It was very rich because of the chocolate but it is something that you definitely have to try.
Overall I was extremely satisfied with Mole Poblano because I felt like I truly got a taste for real authentic Mexican food. This restaurant is inexpensive and it is BYOB so what more could you ask for! If you are looking for real authentic Mexican food then this place should be number one on your list!
So I found out about this precious place in a very strange way. I was taking an uber home from distrito (great fish tacos btw) and my uber driver asked me where I was coming from. So I told him and he said that's not real Mexican food. He got very serious and looked me in my eyes from his rearview mirror and said I'll give you the three best restaurants in the city for authentic Mexican. At this point my curiosity is like OMG if he said el vez his credibility is tarnished as I am not a fan. But the foodie in me was deeply curious and he proceeded to name three places I have never been Blue Corn, Los Gallos and Mole poblano. So in true Brittany fashioned I tried all three in one week to compare them. Im writing about Mole because is my favorite of the three. This and Gallos are BYOB, Blue Corn has a good HH on the other hand. So when I arrived here for brunch and saw a woman carrying a bag a masa in the restaurant I knew I was in good hands. We started with the goat tacos and they are possibly the best tacos I have had in quite some time. The only downside was it was a special. For my entree I ordered the lamb chops and cactus and it was EXCEPTIONAL. I am not a fan of cactus, it has a weird texture, but I was happy to say I tried it. We did tried the mole poblano because.... it is the staple dish. I must say it didn't like up to my expectations. Maybe a rename like Costillas De Borrego Ala Parilla may be a better and long winded name (the name of the lamb dish). I went back for take out once and it wasn't as good as my first time. I will visit again though just because I do love the fresh food and authentic cuisine.
This place is amazing. I love Mexican food, but really only Mexican food that reminds me of my time in Mexico City where I thought my mind was going to explode from how good and delicious the food was. This restaurant has got to be one of the best Mexican restaurants in all of Philly. It's a no frills experience with the menu pretty much all in Spanish (ok there are English translations) and everything is so good. I got the mole poblano enchiladas and the mole rivals that of in DF. Go now!
