What an eclectic crowd this place draws most unusual as I looked around, no matter I was there for a late lunch. I was quite satisfied with the burger I ordered, it was slightly overcooked but tasted alright. Others in our party remarked that while their food was just okay it wasn't quite what it use to be and felt the place had slipped a bit. Still another wasn't satisfied at all with the avocado, tomato grilled cheese sandwich and I had to agree. The bread was barely warm, cheese wasn't melted, the center was stone cold, it never should have left the kitchen like that. The apps on the other hand were good, fried calamari with an Asian dipping sauce and the loaded fries were a hit. 
There is nothing memorable about our dining experience that would beckon a return visit.
Fun neighborhood bar and grill! 

Came here for some St. Paddy's day action and it was a fun vibe. The place is intermixed with residential buildings but the signage is clear so you can't miss it. We found street parking not too far and walked over. Outside I noticed they had their outdoor seating prepped, and some heat lamps (that were off when we arrived). Looks like it would be a fun place for some outdoor nomming and people watching in better weather. 

Inside it's a Irish pub atmosphere - which was a perfect place to be for St. Paddy's day. There was some live music being played, and a decent crowd. It wasn't too packed or too empty, so ambiance was comfortable.

We sat at the bar and ordered a round of spicy Bloody Mary's (yes spicy), and a hummus platter. The server was very generous with the vodka in the Marys and the hummus was perfectly shareable for two! Overall, great service - quick and casual.

This place was recommended by a friend for brunch and it definitely looks like it can serve it up. I'm glad I had a chance to pop in and hoping to come back here for a full on brunch-a-thon when the weather gets better.
Philly Burger of the Month Club (Hey Steph!) is one of the few Facebook Group pages that I was all for joining the moment that I first read about it (Brad P., Jim H., or Schuyler can tell you about the other one if you don't already know yet.). But atthe same time due to schedule restraints I've found myself unable to attend past epic events at City Tap House, Lloyd Whiskey Bar, Smokin Betty's, and other spots. But when I found out that the May edition was going to be held at an area of my precious South Philly that was somewhat uncharted by me, I just had to jump in and give it a shot. And in the end I found a solid Pennsport neighborhood bar that delivered big time. 

While it was a lot tinier than I initially expected Moonshine managed to deliver big on service , beverages, and food. The attentive service and drink prices listed concisely on a drink menu also showed where they successfully addressed a few previous Yelp review concerns. Drink wise anywhere that features drafts from the likes of Ommegang, DuClaw, and Troegs is sold by my book. And the cocktail menu feature a lot of blends that primarily featured Moonshine (duh!) or bourbon that are on my list for future imbibement. 

Because I attended the event with Burger of the Month Club I naturally came for the signature salad. Just kidding! While the signature burger touted the beef (or turkey? veggie?) patty being filled with a mixture of kosher dill pickles and shallots, neither could really be tasted. But since it was also topped by a sharp cheddar and sandwiched between a brioche bun, and was cooked at the right medium temperature; I couldn't complain. Especially since it was priced at a reasonable $9.50; and came with your choice of regular fries, sweet potato fries, tater tots, or salad. After also sampling a mix of appetizers like a cheesy mac & cheese (regular & Buffalo chicken style!). and a cheeseburger eggroll; I can see the many ways where Moonshine will deliver in more visits to come!
Went here for dinner tonight. My husband is a Mummer to a club right around the corner so I'm surprised we haven't tried this place sooner! We were greated right away, but were warned we were entering at a shift change so we couldn't order food for another half hour, which was fine. I got a sangria and my husband got a Black and Tan Guinness, I was a fan of mine he was not. We shared a fried calamari plate which we only thought was okay. Our entrees completely turned things around for us however. I ordered the Veggie grilled cheese which consisted of cheese, avacado, tomatoes, and micro greens. It also came with a side salad. Everything in the sandwhich was fresh and the cheese to veggie ratio was well done. My husband ordered the crispy chicken sandwhich and overall he liked everything about it. 

It's a super small Resteraunt, but the owner came over to talk to us and told us they are extending it into the next door building which is nice! The look of the place is great. Mason jars on every table with flowers. -- the beer selection is great too, so much to choose from.
Made it into Moonshine again and I have to bump the place up a star for a number of reasons.  

1) The service was improved.  It was friendly the first time around but a little clumsy since they had just opened.  At this point it seems like they had worked out some of the kinks.  Although I will say I was there for lunch and there wasn't a big crowd so I can't contest to how they handle a big rush. 

2) The real reason for the upgraded star is the food.  The first time around the food was excellent.  The second time around the food was excellent.  That seems to be where this place shines. 


How could this place get to 5 stars? 

1) Beer prices.  stop hiding them... they have a decent draft list but they don't list the prices.  This is a pet peeve of mine and is annoying.  Their beer prices aren't even that bad so I'm not sure why they hide them. 

2) Happy Hour.  i have no idea what their happy hour is and I'm a local.  give me some info somewhere...on the menu/chalkboard/something.

3) Expanded Lunch Menu.  The food is awesome, but the lunch menu is small.  their dinner menu isn't overally extensive but the lunch menu is about a quarter of that.  i actually enjoy small menus but just give us a few more lunch options or lunch specials or something.
I would suggest not getting takeout from this restaurant. Myself and my husband were craving a tomato soup and veggie grilled cheese. We picked them up and when we got home we realized that they were not on the focaccia bread but just a large roll instead. They also did not have the honey dijon on them. It was such a disappointment and instead of being delicious as usual it just tasted like a roll with avocado and the cheese was not even melted (my biggest pet peeve in life). If you are to take out, make sure that you check the food before you leave because we were stuck with two sandwiches that we did not even eat. Super disappointed.
3 1/2 stars.  

I'm kinda torn with this place cause I really loved the buffalo wing appetizer- super meaty, just the right amount of spice and kick in the buffalo sauce and a delicious, homemade blue cheese.  That kicks it up the half star.

But the entrees were ehhhh.  Not bad.  Not great.  Both were super big portions which I love and cooked just right but each had some element of spice and flavor missing.

I got the pork verde, which was essentially a shredded green pork over a bed of rice and beans and two plantains on the side.  The pork was plentiful and the whole dish had a nice earthy tone to it, but for a Mexican-style plate it was really dry and desperately needed some kind of spicy salsa or creamy sauce.  Or limes.  Something.

My boyfriend got the meatloaf, which was a nice comforting homestyle dish, but again, lacking a boost in flavor.   Not enough onion, not enough garlic, and there were inedible peppercorns garnishing the plate that can really kill your palate if you bite into one of those suckers.

Drink selection was pretty good, but my server couldn't answer any questions about the beer.  Luckily, they give you adorable mini jug shot glasses to sample the beer if you can't decide.

I will probably be back here since I'm in the neighborhood, but maybe this time I'll try a burger or stick to the big selection of appetizers which sounded way more flavorful and appealing.
In theory, Moonshine is awesome. What's not to like about a cool-sounding bar in an underdeveloped part of the city that serves moonshine-based drinks and has loaded tater tots and beer fondue on their menu? Um, nothing - there's nothing not to like - which is why me and my dude decided to head there one lovely Saturday morning for brunch. 

Unfortunately, Moonshine didn't live up to its website-awesomeness. The place is small, and just looks kind of "meh." There were only two ladies working, one as a waitress/hostess and one as a bartender, and even though it was a fairly quiet morning, both of them seemed a little overwhelmed by handling the customers. In a town with so many cute and unique bars, Moonshine felt a little tired. They serve their cocktails in mason jar chalises which could be fun, but comes across a bit gimmicky, I could see spray bottles of cleaning solution and rags by the register, and the bar itself just didn't feel clean and neat.

We sat at the bar, per usual, and weren't offered anything; we had to ask for menus and water, etc. Weirdly, the menus the bartender gave us didn't include a Drinks section, and she never offered to give us anything that outlined their moonshine drinks, so we stuck to beer, which was posted on big chalkboards around the bar - so fetch these days. But it seemed odd to me that a bar wouldn't heavily promote what should be their signature cocktail offerings, amirite? The beer was fine.

In other not surprising news, I love brunch, so I was pretty excited to chow down on something yummy. Usually I'm all for brunch meals that have 14,000 calories but was trying to keep it light that day, so I ordered an egg white omelet with potatoes and fruit salad (#winning). Unfortunately, Moonshine was #losing. The eggs were super watery and had that not-quite-finished-cooking/setting look and taste to them, the fruit salad was a few pieces of melon that definitely weren't ripe, and the breakfast potatoes were totally standard. Fine, like the beer. In a rare occurrence, my fiance actually had the same thing as me, so I don't have another meal to compare mine to, but he felt the same about his omelet. 

I will say, there were some regulars in the bar with us who clearly think this place is amazing, so maybe we were just there on an off day...but Moonshine just didn't do it for me. There's potential, but I probably won't be back to see if they can do any better.
So I really, REALLY wanted to like this place. It is literally 2 blocks away and it's something this area needs. The first time we went, was months ago for brunch...which they didn't have. I had heard they did, but I guess it was just a test run, no harm no foul; wound up going to Industry instead.

So the next time I go, I go to meet my girlfriend after work. She's already ordered the strawberry walnut salad and a beer (she began to explain the issues with those 2 things, but I'll let her give her side of the story in her own review). I noticed there were (2) 3 tops outside, an 8 top inside right next to us and then our table of 2. 

I walked past what was to be our waitress and the bartender. I sat down and it took about 10 min for the waitress to acknowledge I was there. I asked for a menu and a water. I tried the dressing for my girlfriend's salad (some kind of rasberry vinaigrette), it was absolutely awful. I couldn't put my finger on it, but something in that dressing didn't belong. 

So I decided to order the "braised buffalo chicken wings". Don't let the pretentious name fool you, it's just a normal order of fried chicken wings. Now I waited tables for nearly 5 years, at a place that gave unlimited buffalo wings during happy hour (it was hell), but one thing that people eating buffalo wings need besides their beloved blue cheese is a damn napkin! 2 bites into my 1st wing I realized I was in dire need of a napkin. I waited for my girlfriend to finish her food so I could steal her linen napkin as I didn't want to cover hers in buffalo sauce while she was still using it.

Never once did the waitress come over to ask how things were, the only time she even looked our way again is when we asked for the check (both our waters and my girlfriend's beer were empty). I got the check and paid with my credit card. Much like people that order buffalo wings need a napkin, people who pay with a credit card need an f'ing pen to sign the reciept with, had to ask for that too.

Not sure I'll give things another try at this point, it would be a great spot and really convenient for both of us, but there isn't anything there that I remotely would bring me back besides the location.
Love love love!! Can't say enough good things about this place! Amazing food every single time. Great employees. Fun atmosphere. Best place around pennsport, hands down! Oh and their buffalo chicken Mac and cheese is PHENOM!! Yummmmmy!!
Stumbled upon This place late Saturday night after dinner with my wife, brother and sis-in-law. We had no expectations but were happy we visited. As we walked in, it looked very neighborhoodsy in the good way. 
They had nice modern heaters for patio dining and didn't mind seating us inside even tho we only wanted cocktails. 
We noticed a guitar and stool in front of a microphone and got very nervous we would have to endure live music. AHHH!! But we sat down and ordered anyway. I had the lunar moonshine, my bro a shot of orange moonshine as sis-in-law had the solar moonshine. We all raved about how good the taste was on all three. Server was great and the clientele was mixed from young to mid 30's.  
A girl started singing covers while a guy played guitar and it was actually quite pleasant. They did covers of top 40 songs and even some we were surprised they tackled.  We enjoyed our night and would return for more drinks and maybe try some food.
We came here on a whim for dinner one night. We asked to sit outside and they kind of placed us all the way in the back where we were kind of forgotten about. To start we got the lunar sangria and fried pickles. They were both delicious. For dinner I got the chicken piccata ravioli. It was very flavorful but the ravioli were a little under cooked. My partner got the crispy chicken sandwich which was super tasty as well. I would have given this place 5 stars but the service needs to improve.
Loved everything we tried here. The charcuterie board, dumplings, pasta, wings, and braised short ribs were all amazing. Absolutely enjoyed our cocktails! Definitely coming back again, and can't wait to experience this place post pandemic.

Also, did not realize this when my friends and I picked this place to eat, but the head chef was a Chopped Champion and on Hell's Kitchen. We only found out because she was shooting a promo video for some event they were going participating in. Explains a lot about the food quality.
My husband and I have been in for a few beers and a couple appetizers and we loved it! The wait staff is very nice and accommodating and the prices are very reasonable. We live only  two blocks from this place so we are very happy we have a place to go that is not a dive. We will definitely be back for dinner in the near future and cannot wait to check out their brunch!! Looks amazing!!!
Just there for their "first brunch" since opening. First off - how do you not have regular plain old sugar if you are serving coffee? Next no mention of additional charge for refills on everything- soda, coffee etc. So after being offered and served refills, then the waiter mentions there are no free refills- so $9 later for 3 cups of coke and $6 for 2 cups of Luke warm coffee peppered with grinds. Food was fine- though half of our party of 4 received their meals 5mins + before the other half; and another party there 1 lady received her food while the rest sat and watched her for 8-10mins. Very cold in the restaurant, though very attractive inside. Don't waste your time or money when green eggs is around the corner for brunch.
If only there was a no star option. I reallllllyyyy wanted to like this place. So much so that I've given in several tries in the hopes that they will get it together. They haven't. They have, quite frankly, gotten so much worse. If a microwaved grilled cheese is what you're looking for, or maybe some freezer burned chicken wings with a side of food poisoning, then maybe this place is for you. I however, prefer my food to not make me violently ill, and to at least be somewhat enjoyable. 

Still, maybe it's good as just a bar? It's hard to screw up a bottled beer right? WRONG. So wrong. This place is overpriced, the beer is skunky, pours are weak, and the owner is the rudest south Philly personality I have ever encountered. And I live here! I'll walk the extra few blocks to anywhere but this freezer burned turd.
I was pretty excited for this place.  I live in the neighborhood and love the fact that new places are popping up, so last night I came here with 2 friends to check out the scene.  

After a night there, I'm not really sure what this place is.  First, it was obviously redone since it was the East Side Saloon (I never went there, but I presume it wasn't this nice).  The updates are pretty good.  The bar still has an old look with big mirrors behind it.  However, I don't think they did a fantastic job of deciding on a style of the design, it's a mix of new updates and older restored stuff.  While it's nice, its a little confused.  

The plan when we showed up was to get some food and try some drinks.  The menu is good with some modern takes on a lot of bar foods along with some foodie options.  We ordered the Loaded Tots for an app, which were basically fried balls of potato covered in cheese and bacon (delicious), at $5 it seemed like a good deal. For entrees we had three different items.  I had the falafel burger sliders, my friend had the standard burger, and finally we also had a chicken potato gnochi.  Everything was good.  I didn't love my falafel sliders but they weren't bad either.  Presentation of the food was excellent and the prices were good ($9-$13).  

The beer list was pretty good.  About 10 beers on draft, mostly local craft beers with a handful of non local crafts (ommegang, stone, etc.).  They supplemented the draft list with a list of about 15-20 bottles, including craft and your standard macros.  They also had a list of custom cocktails playing off the moonshine name.  We didn't have any of those but they sounded interesting.  The beer pricing seemed to be around $5/beer but they didn't provide pricing on the menu or chalk menu board which I hate...seriously, if you don't advertise a price, I just get the feeling you're trying to pull one over on me.  I'm not sure if they have a happy hour, I didnt see one advertised. 

Finally, the service.  It's tough to knock a brand new place for this but the service was a little rough.  Everyone I dealt with was pleasant but I'm not sure they were quite ready for the Friday night crowd.  Our waitress was friendly but not overly informative, especially for it being a new place, with a new menu, etc.  Basically, I think she was doing the best she could but was a little overwhelmed, the place was crowded and she seemed timid.  Some details on what is good, what their signature dishes and drinks are would be appreciated.  A new restaurant needs to sell itself to its customers to help them enjoy their experience and get people to come back..  The food came out pretty quickly and drinks were refilled reasonably fast.  Finally, when we went to pay we had quite a wait, there were a number of reasons for this, but I think part of the issue was that the place seems to only have 1 cash register that is behind the bar and the bartenders seemed to have no interest in letting us pay while they were trying to serve drinks to other customers.  

Overall it's an interesting place and I'm intrigued to see where it goes.  It clearly hasn't found it's identity yet.  I'm not sure what the crowd is going to be either, could turn into a new hipster/yuppie place, or could turn into a south philly local place, or possibly a blend of the two.  Either way, it has some work to really pull people away from the Industry or 2nd Street Brew House, but it has potential and I'll be intrigued to come back in a bit to see how its developed.
Wow. Truly don't understand the negative reviews here... Anyhow we just left Moonshine. We live down the street and it's our first time here. While walking over we talked about how we were holding our breath... hoping it would be good.
The wine was good, the grilled romaine salad cheesy and tasty. I ordered the Chicken and Ravioli. Chicken was perfectly cooked. Sauce was tasty over the ravioli and the grilled artichokes a nice touch.
My husband ordered the Roast Pork with rice and plantains with a nice lime touch. He loved it! They say the pork is braised all day and it tastes like it. 
We'll be rolling down the street again soon. So great to have a neighborhood hang that we can stop in for a meal and a glass when we don't feel like cooking. 
Our waiter, Mike was very attentive and friendly.
Prices are unbelievable. We'll will be back next week with friends...
I came here this past Monday night( 8/1/16) with my boyfriend after a crazy weekend in Dewey beach ( Delaware for those not familiar).
The BF lives in Philly and I'm in Nova/DC byway of Baltimore, haha so we go all over.
A friend of his recommended Moonshine, so we went after being tired and exhausted from the weekend.
Very cute charming place with lovely outdoor seating, I was hot so opted for inside. They have a lot of fun custom drinks. I opted for Sangria which was served in a Mason Jar like goblet, super fun haha. Sangria was delicious, crisp and sweet.
We sat at the bar while our table was getting ready. There was quite the rowdy bunch from happy hour singing 80's tunes from the touchscreen jukebox ( always fun) but they were loving life.
We got seated in the dining area, which is pretty small...the bathroom also notably small...but these don't really matter to me...
The food, the owners, the servers..A+... The people working there could not have been more pleasant and fun not to mention knowledgeable. Our server recommended the Short rib Croquette's to start...amazing...just delicious and juicy ( I don't even want to think about the calories haha it was that good).
Then we split the crab cake and the gnocchi ( another house favorite). As a Baltimore girl I am very picky about my crab cake...it was full of crab not a lot of filler, just delicious.  The gnocchi was a bit spicy for me but not him and the pesto was out of this world.
Dessert we got a chocolate ganache cake which was served in a little mason jar and just so decadent and fluffy. I'm not a huge dessert person and neither is the bf but he loved it.
I looked back at the menu just now to see if i forgot anything and I'm hungry all over again!
The next time I'm in Philly, I'm going for Brunch! :)
We've been here a couple of times now. I'll start off by saying that the customer service is great; everyone was friendly. However, the first time we went for dinner and their food wasn't anything to write home about. We decided to give Moonshine another shot and went for brunch. Unfortunately, after we were seated, we were informed that because of Covid there wasn't a brunch menu. Considering their website specifically advertises brunch and we weren't told when we placed our reservation, we were pretty disappointed. To make matters worse, the first item I selected off the menu--the Rib Dip Sandwich, I believe it's called--wasn't available. I settled for the grilled cheese. Overall, the food was subpar and the coffee was burnt. I consider Philly to be the hottest grub hub city in the United States. That being said, your money is better spent elsewhere.  We won't be back.
This place was very cozy! It has an awesome combination "typical South Philly / hipster" vibe. We had an appetizer and drinks at the bar as we waited for a table to open up. (We had made a reservation about a half an hour before we arrived, but it didn't really matter.) The calamari app was delicious!! My cocktail was very strong and also good. Definitely worth the money.
For dinner, we were seated in the dining room next door! We literally had to go out the door and back in, to the house next door. That was funny, but the dining room next door was really relaxed and private. The bathroom upstairs was as large as a bedroom! Really nice and clean. 
Our entrees were very good, if a tad salty/heavy. 
As for the service, even though we were in that separate dining room, our waiter checked on us often.
I enjoyed this restaurant!
They have a nice selection of drinks but unfortunately some come in very small servings for the cost especially the wine and Tennessee wildfire. The blackberry lemonade was great though and a decent amount! As for food, I've only tried to sweet potato fries and they were good, also in a good sized portion. My dining partner got the Brussels sprouts and she thought they were delicious.

They have heat lamps so we sat outside in a very nice patio! As of Jan 2021 they do have limited indoor dining as well but we felt more comfortable outside.
Deep in South Philly lies Moonshine Philly tucked away behind big trees and the doors to awesomeness. Driving to Target 20x's a day, I always happen to pass by this place and finally made time to "wine and dine" here one warm, fall night with my sister. We were seated immediately outside (by request) by a very sweet waiter. 

Service : Superb !! He was very attentive. Can't remember his name except it beginning with a C (I think) and I told my sister to "talk to him" lol. 
Food : We snacked on loaded tator tots (awesome!!) , mac and cheese (yummy, not too cheesy, not your typical Velvetta cheese), and a sweet snack/dessert (sucks that I forgot which one it is!! It'll come to me) 
Drinks : I already had a beer, so I asked the waiter for his suggestion for something not strong in taste, but will get me feeling "nice" (because I HATE the taste of liquor), so he suggested the Solar Sangria, and OH HAIL MARY. I definitely got what I came for lol. The drink includes moonshine, white wine, peach schnapps, pomegranate liqueur, and soda. Definitely a good combination, kudos to whomever wrote that recipe up. 

I can't wait until it gets a bit warmer (I hear we're having early spring!!) so that I can come back here, have a drink on a nice spring night in a quiet neighborhood..Ah...so relaxing.
I was just passing by and hungry so I get an order to go, tried thier crab cake sliders and it was delicious! Definitely would be back again for it. 

Looks like a chill neighborhood bar! And they have outdoor seating as well if that's what you prefer!
I LOVE this restaurant so much that I will never forgive myself for taking so long to try them out... For Easter this year during the pandemic, I was craving something a little more homestyle (but of course didn't order in advance anywhere, so my options were limited). After perusing a bunch of menus I saw that Moonshine has a braised short rib meal, that comes with mac & cheese and asparagus. Perfect! So I ordered it for pickup along with cheesesteak queso, and thus, a beautiful relationship was born between me and Moonshine's menu.  The short rib was absolutely delectable, and I loved the sides it came with. But man, oh man, I will NEVER be able to go to or order from Moonshine without that cheesesteak queso! It's not a skimpy little cheese dip like most places, it's literally like a deconstructed cheesesteak, full of heavy amounts of meat and cheese, and topped with fried onions and sriracha ketchup. It's SO good. We have also tried their Asiago chicken meal, short rib dip, tacos, and a few of their daily specials, and I will be perfectly honest here - there has been nothing on the menu that I felt "meh" about. Most recently I finally tried their famed Blackened Chicken Pesto Gnocchi (with, of course, cheesesteak queso as the app) and it was even more amazing than I anticipated. Perhaps a little salty, but the flavor of the blackened chicken against the creamy pesto melded so well together. I am drooling right now even thinking about it. Moonshine has become a staple in our dining out options, and every time I leave, I can't wait to come back!
Well I used to frequent this bar in its former glory as the east side saloon. sadly the old man that owned the place gave up the good fight and sold this bar for way too cheap to retire in Florida, sadly taking Marge the  mu-mu wearing  bartender  and the Patron with the iron lung always smoking at the bar with him. these new jack wagons couldn't design a Lady's dressing room but somehow decorated a bar, getting rid of the shuffle board bowling machine and installing what feels like the brightest lights on the planet. 
you feel like your caught in the spot light by PPD when you eat here. the wings are dinky, the fondue makes the melting pot look like fine dining. falafel that's as dry as 150 grit sand paper. the red headed bar tender who is clearly not from the neighborhood but who loves to give her opinions on everything from the former bars trashiness to how the people in the neighborhood are "trashy", all the while ignoring the herpies sore prominently fixed on her lip. this bar belongs in port Richmond not in pennsport, get out of south Philadelphia yah Mo's... Cant wait till they close up and we get a real bar back in the neighborhood...
Good beer selection. Food is actually good compared to bars in the area. I had their crab cake entree with wild rice and asparagus. It was amazing! Will definitely go back!
I was extremely disappointed with the service here. After my friends and I were seated, no one came to ask for our orders for over 30 minutes. Meanwhile, waiters were seating other parties and getting them started with drinks and orders. My friend went inside to ask if anyone could serve us, and the waitress said she would get somebody for us. After another 10 minutes of waiting, we finally got her to take our order. It felt very obvious that we were being overlooked - and for what reason? Other than that, the food was mediocre.
I went here around ten at night on a weekday. The bar wasn't very busy, and I received excellent service. The specialty cocktails were good and well made but a little on the pricey side. Since it was after ten only the late night menu was available. I ordered the mac & cheese with buffalo chicken and was pretty disappointed the chicken was bland and a little rubbery and the buffalo sauce made the whole thing too salty for my liking. I also ordered the rice & cheese balls which were amazing but for the price, 3 little balls wasn't very adequate. They have a large outdoor seating place out front that looks pretty inviting.
Every. Single. Time. We're in Philly, it calls our name! I always resort to getting my usual, blackened chicken pesto gnocchi and it seems to be the most popular item. I heard a fellow mom say "I look at the menu like I'm going to try something different but we all know I'll always stick with the same" (which happened to be the same thing I got). My husband loves their chicken ravioli and this time he tried their meatball sandwich (I got to sneak in a bite, yum!) Friendly staff, and ahhhmazing food, no wonder why we keep coming back!
Read some negative reviews.  Well it's funny how 2 people can think 2 totally different things but I gotta say (and I'm a critiquer) that I love Moonshine.  In a neigjborhood flooded with goombah bars and south Philly D bags Moonshine is a breath of fresh air.   Great food (and I mean great) and awesome drinks (no miller lite or coors only) I can't recommend this place enough.  And as far as the service, I'm sorry I didn't get his name but our server was probably the nicest man I've ever dealt with.  Look, if you want good drinks, great good and I new spot, this is your place.  And for all the negative Nany's, buzz off.
Oh, South Philly. Sometimes I love you, sometimes you make me cringe. This restaurant perfectly displays why. When we walked in, I quickly noticed that we were only people under the age of 50. Not that I mind being around middle aged people, but it's not what I expected for a place called moonshine. 

We got the  crab mac n cheese as an appetizer, and that was by far the best part of the meal. They used farfalle pasta, which is my favorite type, so bonus points for that. The cheese was delicious--and just a hint of more garlic and I would call it perfect. 

We split the falafel sliders and pork verde for our entree. The falafel was bland, and there wasn't enough tzatziki sauce. It came with homemade tater tots, which saved the dish from being a total disaster. And I tried some of the sriracha-ketchup, but I didn't like it. It seems like they just mix the two together. Yuck. The pork verde was dry. It had some good flavors in there, but the pork was overdone and the rice seemed like it had been sitting out for awhile. 

They have a small draft list with a couple good beers on there. I loved the Merry Monk, but unfortunately it tapped out after my first one. The house favorite seems to be Miller Light, as that's what everyone else was drinking.
Fucking AWESOME

Me and my girlfriend are usually a lover of 2nd Street Brew house if you haven't its a must But we love trying new places in the neighborhood! 

For fuck's sake the FOOD. THE FOOD the FOOD THE GODDAMN FOOD~!!!!!

Ok, So I read reviews of the place on Yelp before we went, and there were good and bad. But honestly, NO bad.

1. The waitress, Christin god I know I am prolly spelling it wrong was charming! She was super friendly, and checked on us enough to be caring but no where near over bearing!

2. Craft beers!!! I am a lover of on TAP craft beers and though they didn't have the biggest Tap selection, they made up for it with cleanliness if you have had a dirty tap beer you know what i am saying And the list though small, was instant favorites I have not really had before! Also they included pricing on the menu, i saw a previous post from a bit ago where they had not, they apparently corrected

3. THE FOOOOOOOOD! I couldn't believe the quality of food we received, it was re-fucking-markable!!!! I got a Gnocchi with blackened chicken and my girlfriend got the Build-your-own burger substituted Raw onion for caramelized onion
2a. WELLL the plate I got, was GREEN. Bright colors And delicious !!!!!
and I got to bite the burger my girl got a few times....mhmmmmm! Goddam if you love GOOD food its amazing.

4. OUTSIDE comfy seating. Now I found this to be awesome, the seats though they didn't look like much were very comfy! And its just nice to have the fresh air. Though I would not have been opposed to inside since they have BIG windows they opened up that gave you a direct connection to the outside world :D

The only downside is if your not Rich this is not an everyday bar. But I firmly believe in "get what you pay for" and it was worth every penny. I also for the first time in two years gave more then a 20% tip, and she deserved it!

If you like comfy settings, amazing food, clean beer, and an all star staff "can't forget the cooks!!!"  then this is an amazing date night out!
I really enjoyed my visit to Moonshine last Sunday! The drinks were fabulous and the menu was very creative. 
I indulged in the lunar sangria which was delightful. My boyfriend got one of the cocktails that tasted like an apple, I forget which exactly. His was delicious as well but way too potent for this kid. 
As you may expect, they have a whole bunch of moonshine favors that seem fun to try. One recommendation I would have for this spot however is to make the moonshine more accessible, perhaps by offering a moonshine flight or featuring the moonshine in more cocktails. 
We got a few apps to start off as well. They have a lot of fun things like buffalo mac and cheese, crab mac and cheese, etc, so I'm not sure why we got mozzarella sticks. They were just ok. Cheeseburger rolls were better but could stand to be a bit cheesier. Srirachi ketchup on the side was a nice touch though!
For the main event my boyfriend got meatloaf Wellington which he really liked.  Definitely a fun take on an old favorite. I got the gnocchi with Cajun chicken which was really good, especially considering I was eating in a bar! I'd recommend this for sure.  Moonshine was a cool spot and we will definitely return!
My Brother n Sister in law raved about this place. I have not been home in 3 years almost and love seeing my old neighborhood grow and bring back to the community. I grew up around the corner and was surprised to hear about this transformation. I was pleasantly surprised by it. Formerly the east side saloon and they show homage to it by keeping the sign that hung outside in the back dining area, very much appreciated by me for growing up in the neighborhood and everyone knew of this place. There were six of us on this trip. 

Well getting to the food and service. The service was good with room to grow and make this place even better. The outside seating was not for me but would sit out there if dining room was full and long wait. 
 
The good was outstanding and a great twist on home comfort foods. We got the braised wings (BBQ), spinach dip & loaded tots. Wings very good, spinach dip not for me but rest of party really liked it. Tots first out were not done but with the slight correction were excellent (also taken of check by manager much appreciated but not necessary). We then had 2 pesto blackened chicken gnocchi, 2 signature burger(1 to go), a short rib special & 2 meatloaf Wellington(1 was mine) Let me start by saying I don't like meatloaf but was intrigued in trying this and was extremely glad I did, for this was the best meatloaf I ever had. Came with garlic mash that could have used more garlic and a peppercorn sauce that was delicious!! 

I did sample other plates as well the Chx pesto was excellent, sauce was very good and gnocchi was real good but a splash over down for me but my sister n sister in law loved it. My brother got Rib special and this was good but was dry toward middle but meat came right of the bone which is always a good thing. My brother in law got other meatloaf and finished his before me so same opinion for him. Then my wife and nephew (Togo one he was home) got signature burger and was really really good, very tasty and filling.  Only downfall is choice for cheese was only cheddar which is ok but we all grew up with American and prefer that. 

Now to dessert which didn't see on menu but asked and glad I did. There where 5 choices and we had 3 different for table. Key lime pie, peanut butter pie & butterscotch cheese cake. (Red velvet & Choc layer other choices) while the Key lime was very bitter but ok, peanut buyer was excellent and Butterscotch was one of the best deserts I ever had !!! I love desert and for me to say this means something. I will search hi and low for this cheesecake again and would love a recipe or just one sent all the time to me. (Haha) 

Drink Menu was small but most were intriguing and good. Lot of unknown beers along with known choices make for a good selection. Along with good signature selections with prices on the menu which I like. Didn't go for drinks so much but will in future. 

Well I was a little long winded but hope this helps in your decision to go here or not (you would be missing out) I gave Moonshine a 5 star for the fact all the hospitality and food outshines any negative they had. I will be back as well as the family I was with will be back as well !! Thank you Moonshine for bringing this place to my old neighborhood and making it grow in the right direction!! Till next time good luck !!
This review is based off the bar itself, I have yet to eat here but I have heard great things. Another great local bar to Pennsport. I have come here twice to have after dinner drinks. I highly recommend getting the sangria and anything off the cocktail menu which changes seasonally. Comes in adorable mason jar cocktail glasses! Nice beer selection as well. Staff is very friendly!
Shocked by all of the other negative reviews on here. I live right down the street from this place and have been here several times. Food is great and very reasonably priced. Good beer list and super friendly staff. The jukebox is a little out of place, but that is a ridiculous thing to dislike a restaurant for. I am thrilled to have this place in the neighborhood as it is the only place in walking distance that is not a pizza place or dive bar. Its not perfect, but it just opened and im sure will keep getting better. If you live in the neighborhood, I highly recommend it.
Went here for a friends birthday. The service was great, even though it was extremely crowded and there was about 10 of us sitting outside. The food portions were small, especially when your trying to share with that many people.  We did get 3 apps, but they went quickly (which was obviously a good sign).  The only thing I will say is that it was odd for the added chicken on the tostadas to be just sitting on the side? Maybe it was just me. My meal was good, I got the blackened chicken pesto.  The specialty drinks were a bit pricey, but I stuck with craft beers which were reasonably priced. Overall, I can confidently say that I would definitely be back.
Brian was a great bartender and the food was great. The fresh mozzarella sticks looked amazing and my friend said they were great; unfortunately they were so good she wouldn't let me have any!
We also live in the neighborhood and wanted to give Moonshine a try.  Looks like they were using a completely different very small menu for Sunday.  It was not the menu on the website or what others have mentioned.  I thought the food was tasty, although I wished there were some more healthy options on this abbreviated menu, not a salad to be found.  My husband felt like the hamburger was overpriced for its size, and he is someone who works in the restaurant industry.  Maybe we should give it another try with the regular menu because I am excited that there are new places popping up in this area where there is really not much to be found.
The waitstaff and bartenders are really friendly, and the live music is always enjoyable- but the food is so forgettable, especially for the price. I live right nearby, and this would absolutely be my go-to spot if the food was better- everything I've ever had there has been just so-so. Also, selling 12-packs of Miller Lite for $35 on New Years? I get that you're just trying to take advantage of idiots who didn't stock up and have no where else to buy, but that's just so classless and left such a bad taste in my mouth...
First tried moonshine at a taste of Philly event in center city. I was so impressed with the food that I sampled at the event that my husband and I decided to make the trip to Pennsport on our way to a stadium game. Loved all of the outdoor seating in the cute quaint neighborhood. They had a variety of offerings on the menu.
Moonshine is one of my favorite hidden gems in Philly and has become one of those go-to spots when I have guests.

I had the country benedict and got to try the short rib hash and both were delicious but the french toast sticks the star for me.  I could sit there eating french toast sticks and drinking a beer with my friends for hours.  They also had a darn good bloody mary special that comes in a mason jar chalice!

It is also important to note that this place has an AMAZING cheeseboard.
I was in town and just looking for a good burger.  The review sounded good, so I drove across town to eat there.  I was not disappointed.
I get just what I was looking for: A juicy burger and fries.  And at a good price, too.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  The place has a friendly, neighborhood bar feel to it.
Wow! Nice staff, delicious dinner & great tap. Companion had the blackened chicken & pesto gnocchi. Fabulous flavors! I had chicken piccata goat cheese ravioli. Delicious & flavorful. Needed nice crusty bread to polish up the fantastic sauce. My only wish would have been for reasonable parking. Ok, ANY parking.
This was a very nice and clean spot really enjoyed myself with the bartender Joey good times with the lady
Party of 3 and we all came away with the same opinion. Strawberry Walnut Salad uninspired with little taste. Burger just ok, short rib sandwich was delivered with a large chunk of fat placed dead center of open-faced sandwich. Au jus was watery and tasteless 
We will not return
I've gone here three times in the last two weeks because I desperately want to like it, but so far it's been a big disappointment. The best thing I can say about it is that the staff all seem very nice, though none of the servers/bartenders seem particularly knowledgeable about what they're doing. 

The design of the place feels very confused. It has a lot of potential, with some nice exposed brick and elegant wooden bar and fixtures. A few prohibition-era pics on the wall complement the feel nicely, but then a huge, bright, ugly neon digital juke box right in the middle of the room pretty much kills that vibe, along with a huge, very tacky print of the city skyline with the Moonshine logo awkwardly superimposed on it. 

The beer selection is pretty good, though like a previous person mentioned, it drives me crazy that they don't list the prices, and I was disappointed they don't have any Philly Brewing Company options. 

The food is the biggest letdown. Between the friends I've gone with and myself, we've tried a bunch of things on the menu, including the burger, grilled cheese, gnocchi, ravioli, steak, mac and cheese, grilled cheese, fries and tater tots. We've yet to try anything anybody was excited about. I had the burger, which was decent, but the bread it came on felt like it just came out of the refrigerator and was stuck in the microwave. It was warm in spots and ice cold in others. The fries were soggy and still felt raw in spots. Same thing for the tots. My friends really liked the gnocchi and hated the ravioli. 

Overall, I'm still holding out hope this place improves with time, but there's a long way to go, mainly in the kitchen.
Great neighborhood bar!  My husband and I went here for dinner and a couple beers.  Good beer selection, and the food was delicious.  We ordered macaroni & cheese for our appetizer and we both had burgers for dinner.  Everything was great and the bartender was very nice.  Definitely plan on going back.
Enjoyed visiting this cozy space packed with a lot of history. This place has a front patio and two dining buildings. The main entrance is the bar and more lively side. The over flow seating is in the building next door. It's very quiet over there and they just have one large tv. There is a parking lot specifically for this restaurant which is very nice, you don't have to worry about finding a spot or paying for parking. During my visit the owner was there and came to our table for a quick chat. I'm not sure what we did but he gave us feee mozzarella sticks!

Im originally from Philly but have been living down south for 20 years now. I was back home for Super Bowl 52 weekend and our server was very nice and helpful and gave us a lot of suggestions and far a night life and places to shop that may still have Super Bowl gear before the big game!
Fairly new to South Philly and had been wanting to try this spot. Great ambiance. Very friendly and prompt staff. 
Food, far less than I expected it to be. 

Cheeseburger eggrolls were really bad, honestly. Very, very dry.. didn't seem like any cheese in them.. and the beef had no seasoning at all. 

Shrimp and Cavatelli entree was ok, but not as great as I was hoping especially for 18.. the sauce itself was good, had to pick around the pull the tails off of the shrimp, veggies seemed a bit undercooked, and the pasta was very chewy. 

The kids chicken tenders and fries were really good though. Overall, I don't see myself going back unless for a drink
Wow!!! Based on a friend's recommendation, we decided to give this place a try. We were very satisfied with our meal and the neighborhood is lucky to have this place! To start, we got the pretzel nuggets fondue, the pretzels were homemade and were okay, the cheese was better. For entrees we got the chicken salad sandwich and meatloaf Wellington. Both were delicious and the fries with the sandwich were AMAZING!! For dessert we got....bacon brownie which was really good. Stellar beer list and service. Would definitely come back especially after the server told us how much of the menu is homemade. Oh, and the moonshine drinks come in a stemmed mason jar! moyamensing's finest!!!
I had their burger with a side salad. It was fine and the waitress was friendly. The meal did not inspire me to become a repeat customer.
I frequent this location quite often with my husband and family members. Each experience is different than the last but none have left a sour taste in my mouth. We normally get the crab mac and cheese which is fantastic but the last time we tried the mozzarella sticks. Neither of us were a fan because they were too heavy with too much cheese. They may work well for someone else but they just were not appeasing to us. The dinner definitely made up for it. I tried a special which was pasta with shrimp and my husband had the turkey cheese burger with bacon which he loved. The entrees were amazing. The service was also great!

This place has great options for a vegetarian and even a vegan lasagna. There are so many beers to choose from and if you get in during the happy hour you are set! They are quite a small location so a larger party may have trouble and I have seen quite a lengthy wait but there is a bar to order drinks from in the meantime!
Yo Rich, mannnn what's up with the normal TOTS? So my main Dube Sexton moved to KCMO last year and I hadn't been to Moonshine. Until today... I was craving the formerly famous melon ball scooped tater tots... As I braved the torrential down pour driven by the idea of their crispy succulence... Well imagine my surprise when some regular old style tots arrived at my table. (Bubble Popped) I immediately waved down my waitress to cancel the to go order I had placed with my initial order.
So as I wiped the tear of sadness I was comforted by the creamy cheese sauce and tasty steak that topped my loaded tots.
And washed away my remaining disappointment with a very tasty Cape May seasonal... further more a dessert from Ms Trudy next door will sooth my hurt feelings.
Moonshine is a great neighborhood bar/restaurant! As a non meat eater I was originally worried that there were going to be a lack of options but was happy to find Brussels Sprouts, Veggie Grilled Cheese, Mac & Cheese as well as a Rice Bowl! All of which have kept me happy fed over the last few years! Oh yeah, and the tots! Can't go wrong with the tots!
The vibe is casual and the outdoor seating is a plus! Great for nights when we don't feel like cooking at home!
What a great neighborhood pub this is fabulous food above average for a local pub. The owners really do care about the quality of everything. They have open a building next-door for extra seating. It's an historic  bar that has been restored. The bartenders are very knowledgeable about local products like local gin - who knew we had local gin- believe me it's fabulous and other locally made alcohol. I haven't had any food there I didn't like. The turkey burgers are particularly yummy nice and moist I don't know how they do it but they're really wonderful. And make sure you have a side salad with balsamic vinaigrette it is very thick and just so tasty.  If you can go during the day around noon for lunch time you will have One of the best lunches of your life.
Used to be pretty good , however went this past weekend and was underwhelmed. Ordered a cocktail I get all the time but was served a glass half full... questioned it and was told that's the way they are made.....not true as not only have I ordered these several times, but the one telling me this was the same person who served me previously. Shrimp wrap to go was very light on shrimp and mostly lettuce. Won't be returning.
Who says bar food can't be good? Moonshine's crab cakes alone would make me come back again and again. Great food! Keep it up. The beer selection is great and staff are wonderful!
I am extremely fortunate to live a few blocks from here. I love Pennsport, but many of the bars are of the "Divey" type. They serve their purpose, but sometimes a man wants a more exquisite beer menu. Moonshine does a wonderful job of rotating beer on tap, and they are busy enough to have a few new selections if you only go once a week. 

Highlights: 
*Beer selection
*Moonshine infused drinks
*Great food
*LIVE music regularly (Acoustic, usually a single or duo)
*Nice outside area with views of the pretty neighborhood (plus lots of dogs!)
*Awesome staff, especially the bartenders as I deal with them most

 Cons: I do think their food prices are a little high, but currently they aren't competing against much competition. Industry isn't very close, and is also a little high on food prices. Mifflin Tavern is opening soon, and another on 3rd and Porter, will directly compete against the 2 mainstays. I would like to throw a shout out to 2nd Street Brew Pub, as they also have great food and beer, and a contender for best bartender in Hector. It's a different atmosphere in 2SBP, much darker and chill. Hector plays heavier music, so it may not be to your liking. 

I stop in Moonshine quite frequently, as I love live music and they have it most nights of the week. They support the Mummers clubs with regular donations (Think it is 20% of the Tuesday till, which is very generous). I have met the owner, and he is a really fun and laid back guy. 

Come in the warm months. Everyone walks there dog and you will get to meet many of the residents of Pennsport. It is such a great part of the city!
We only went here as they advertised in one of the open house of city fitness. We ordered the Blackened Chicken Pesto Gnocchi, French Onion Soup, Signature Burger. The food was really salty even the chicken Pesto and French onion soup. Overall, the food quality is just fair that's why I'm just giving them three stars. I would not come back to dine in. It is great if you have friends to hang out and have a couple of drinks but if you are looking for quality food, this is not the place for you.
Enjoyed the wide sidewalk along Moyamensing Avenue, which lent itself to comfortable dining al fresco along with the plentiful heat lamps and a blue-stone firepit located near our table.* Overall, service was pleasant, if a bit haphazard**.

We enjoyed two appetizers: fried pickles and cheesesteak queso. Would get the fried pickles again--nice, light batter, and good flavor. Would not get the cheesesteak queso again--nothing special and the cheese congealed too quickly in the cool, autumn weather. The various burgers the table ordered were tasty (and messy!) and between the hand cut fries and the tater tots, the fries won hands down--tots could've used more time in the oven. The drinks were good, though they were out of the two types of Knob Creek listed on the menu. Could see how Moonshine Philly would be a nice neighborhood watering hole.

*Both ran out of propane as we were wrapping our meal.
**One order was entered incorrectly and had to ask a few times for hot sauce, which was said to be tabasco, but was in fact sriracha.
My girlfriend and I checked out Moonshine over the weekend after we realized we had set out too late to go to nearby The Dutch despite still being in the mood for brunch. Moonshine, even with a full specials page of its menu, wasn't doing much in that line, but we were pleasantly surprised at how much we enjoyed what we ordered, all the same.

There were a good few things that caught my eye on the menu, but I was pretty hungry by this point so I kept it simple and hearty with "The Pennsport Burger"; my gf ordered a mild version of the (no longer-)blackened chicken/gnocchi dish. Drinks wise, I started with one of the $5 special Bloody Mary's (one of the only concessions to brunch), followed by a draft beer. 

The food was strong in both cases; my gf wasn't really in the mood for lunch/dinner fair when she ordered, but the kitchen nailed her dish with vibrant, flavorful pesto and satisfying, pillowy gnocchi. I tried it myself and would love to order the dish sometime with the blackened seasoning intact. My burger was also good stuff; I don't know if it was quite medium rare, which is what I had requested when asked, but it was juicy and its toppings made it distinct from your standard bar burger - it has to earn its claim to being the neighborhood's burger, after all. It does so with mozzarella, tomato jam, prosciutto, basil aioli, and caramelized onions. To be honest, I didn't notice the prosciutto much, visibly or in the flavor mix; but each bite of the burger was loaded with flavor, so it's possible the prosciutto just hid in the background, taste-wise. Everything else on there was fully assertive and added nicely to the burger itself, complimenting the beef patty and making it feel different, but not in any overwhelming way that made me forget I was eating a hamburger. It came with tots (I could have had regular or sweet potato fries, alternatively), which were very crisp on the outside and light inside.

Beyond that, the Bloody Mary was fine, though nothing to write home about (hence I switched to a beer to finish out the meal); but then again, it was $5 and only the second Bloody Mary I think I've had in the past year, so I wasn't complaining. We went during lunch on a sunny, warm Saturday, so I was fine with being told that because we didn't have a reservation we could only get the isolated high-top near the hostess' station...but I did find it a bit odd that the rest of the outdoor seats never really filled in to the extent that we couldn't have gotten a more normal seat (granted, there could have been cancelations and they may not have been seating the last stretch of tables along the restaurant's side, but it still seemed unnecessary for us to get relegated to last-ditch table). 

All the same, we liked it enough that it's safe to say we'll go back again - especially because the food was the highlight and we generally enjoyed ourselves.
Just OK. We went for lunch and the food was decent, but no one was wowed. We had the wings (really good flavor), and two burgers (decent), with fries (good!). We also got Mac and cheese which came out with crab in it, though we didn't order crab. If I was allergic this would have been a problem but I am not so just picked around it. 

Honestly the service is what knocks off stars.... Our server was funny/sarcastic with us at first and we thought she was being "funny mean" but as our visit continued it felt more like she was actually being rude and did not like us at all. When she took our order, she said that we better order everything now because "this is a one stop shop", then later when I asked for water she said "what happened at this table last night for you to be so needy?" And each time we asked for something she acted as if we were bothering her. The other server who had other tables seemed pleasant, so maybe this was just a one off today. Not sure we will go back though just based on this service experience.
Came here for brunch with a large size party.  Staff was friendly and food was good.

We ordered a handful of small appetizers to start - French toast sticks, loaded tots, hummus and the wings.  Everything was delicious.  

For actual brunch, most of us ordered the fried chicken & waffles, while a few of us ordered other things.  Fried chicken was great as was the gravy...would reco pouring on the waffles.  Veggie burger was a hearty black bean burger.  

Desserts were a clever cakes in a jar.


Would recommend to my philadelphia (proper) and Philadelphia suburb friends.
