For my 300th review, only a five-star operation close to my fatty little heart will do. 

Enter Mr. Martino's, owned and operated by Marc and Maria Farnese (themselves, in person) for more than a decade. Open only Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights, the humble yet gracious space evokes the warm and simple trattorie of Roma more persuasively than any other restaurant I've dined in since leaving Italy six years ago.  The mismatched wooden chairs, my favorite antique table decoupaged with cigar-bands under glass, the surrealist paintings -- all speak to a time out of time, where one is free to check out of the inhuman world and just enjoy the company of friends and loved ones over a leisurely meal. 

Reservations are a must, as the tables are limited and quickly fill. Once arrived, hand your bottle(s) of wine off to Marc or one of the charming servers and settle in to your dim, romantic corner.  The menu is short and sweet -- spinach-ricotta ravioli in homemade pumpkin sauce, an appetizer of ricotta salata and zippy green olives, and the green salad dressed in Maria's transporting herb vinaigrette are my personal mainstays. Prices and portions are small, so do order two courses and NEVER skip dessert. 

One of the specials, a chicken leg and thigh roasted in fresh oregano and aged balsamic, is far and away my favorite chicken dish ever.  My boyfriend orders it every time.  Tender and fragrant, with just a few expertly roasted potatoes to accompany it, this is a bird you won't soon forget.  Be sure to keep a piece of their excellent crusty bread at hand to soak up the rich balsamic sauce pooling on your plate. 

With only Maria in the kitchen, meals here are much slower paced than at a larger restaurant with a staff of line cooks.  This is my absolute favorite thing about Mr. Martino's.  No one is rushing you through the paces of app-entree-dessert, so you are free to actually taste your food, converse with your date, and sip your wine in peace. Marc circulates the room, checking in with each table, the consummate host. 

Though all of the desserts please me, the lemon tart and chocolate pudding take top honors.  That chocolate pudding!  So luxe, just sweet enough... I have licked the bowl.  Accompanied by a short espresso and maybe a complimentary pour of Sambuca or Limoncello if the house finds you the right sort, it's heaven. 

Haters may continue to hate... it will change Mr. Martino's not a whit.  Thank you, Marc and Maria -- even though you will likely never read this -- for your commitment to your vision.
So, I sit to write this after what was a fantastic second date, and I am wondering exactly how much of the fantastic was him, and how much was Mr. Martino's stellar atmosphere and devastatingly delicious food... 

Mr. Martino's is a small spot on Passyunk Ave, with limited tables and days so make sure you call ahead. For the past nine or ten years, I have probably eaten there at least five times a year (although I spend a lot of time fantasizing about their lemon tarts), and there are four things that keep me coming back: the lemon tart (surprised?), the food, the ambience and the service. 

The lemon tart: it is absolutely incredible and the only thing in my entire life that I have ever eaten slowly. bit by bit. morsel by morsel. 

The food: Exquisite. Everything. This time I had cheese tortellini and sausage in plum tomato sauce and my date had three-cheese ravioli in a pumpkin sauce. Both were delicious. The specials are frequently unique and always enticing. I was torn for a while between their scallop special and a pasta with zucchini and veal... Their salads are pretty and tasty, and the house vinaigrette is so good that they actually bottle and sell it! 

The ambience and Service: In my book, these two go hand in hand. Mr. Martino's is family-owned and run: the husband serves as maitre'd/host and the wife does all the cooking. Frequently the waitresses are family members. When you eat here, it feels like you are in your own family dining room (although you'd have to be the member of a very rich family, with extremely solicitous servants at your beck and call). It's a BYOB, but they will also keep beer cold for you in the back and bring it out as needed (for the uncouth of us-- like me). The lights are kept low, with most of the illumination coming from a red light over the front door, and the Italian music is kept just soft enough to almost be heard. It's warm and close, and you can stay there all night long-- they won't even mention a check until you ask for it specifically, although they will keep your coffee/ tea cup filled and the desserts coming (my date and I were there from 5:30 until about 9:45). 

P.S. It's also across the street from Cantina los Caballitos and a few doors down from a Capogiro (which, sadly, will soon be moving) so it is an ideal spot for everything from an intimate date to a raucous group event that can last all night (for which you always need a solid food foundation)...
Love this place!  It was a little weird calling for reservations because I think the only option is really to leave them on the voicemail, for the most part.  But, they call you back and they are super friendly.

The inside is so cool!  You feel like you're visiting someone's house from another time and an unknown relative is cooking for you. 

The food is delicious as well, I got the ravioli with red sauce and it was amazing.  Lots of good choices for vegetarians.  The owner is so friendly, he came over to chat with us.  Normally I don't always like this type of chat, but it wasn't weird or fake at all, and he told us a little bit about the history of the building.
See, I think the musty smell in an old Italian neighborhood trattoria is charming.  This is the type of place you would find in an off the beaten path section of an older town in Europe.  A small, home-like feel, with Mom in the kitchen and Pop working the floor.  So those people who hop from one Stephen Starr place to another, who like to be seen, who like the big city scene, probably won't appreciate Mr Martino's.

Everything we had from the baked ricotta, the mushroom appetizer, the ravioli with to-die-for roasted pepper sauce, the most tender octopus over beans, the less than sweet chocolate pudding and the anise cookies were divine.  All 4 star dishes.  

The service, thank you Shelly, was perfect.  (I'd like to take her home with me).  She was so helpful and genuinely nice.  The old school atmosphere is authentic, not staged.  It was a lovely evening at an out of the ordinary eatery.
I have been coming here for years and I love it every time. I love taking people for their first time and seeing their faces light up at the old fashioned almost relaxing atmosphere. Whenever I walk in here I just exhale...something about it. This place always makes me feel like I'm a regular (when I actually only get to come here once every 3-4 months) and I love that. 

Everything is homemade by the owner's wife. It's a "one man show" as the owner reminds his patrons. So I usually bring an extra bottle of wine to really settle into the night. This isn't the type of place where you're in and out within 45 min. 

I love the tomato pesto sauce. Simple and flavorful. Pair that with the incredible free loaf of bread with sundried tomatoes in oil and I'm in carb heaven! 

Try this place. I know some of the reviews are a little tough on this place, so if you're looking for a place with razzle dazzle or Stephen Starr style- then stay in center city. But if you want a rustic meal at a reasonable price- this is your restaurant!
"Simple Pleasures"

Cannot say enough good things about Mr Martino's. The ricotta and olives, delectable. The balsamic chicken, transformative. The desserts, divine. The coffee, perfection. Service is A+. Lighting is extra A+. Coffee, spot on. Location can't be beat. Absolutely best of the best.
I wouldn't know how the food is. Maybe it's great. I hope they choke on it.

We made a reservation for 6 people  WEEKS in advance for my girlfriend's birthday (she had been talking about going forever). 3 hours before our reservation they called and said they could no longer honor our reservation. Then they gave some lame excuse like they had called earlier in the week. 

Apparently Mr. Martino doesn't understand the concept of voicemail. Nor the one about honoring your commitments.

Hey, Martino! Thanks for almost ruining a birthday, greaseball.

PS. Everybody says your place smells like an old lady's underwear drawer. 

Good luck with that.
If you are thinking of trying this place, skip to my review of Hosterio and thank me later for getting lucky with your date.

Many people may recommend this place to you, as they did me. And even know, searching reviews of this place you will find "highly recommended" then the few brave "not recommended." Figuring out what's what is hard. That's why you have me and Yelp.

This place has been around for many years, and the owners are married. Cute. It is a dark place that smells like an attic. Authentic. Nothing was so horrible to give it a bad review, though, but the food. 

If you are going to pump this place up as having great Italian food, you are lying. Truth is: gnocci was bland. Sausage (which took 25 minutes) tasted like Bob Evans (aka: nothing special). 

I am risky a lot posting this review (as I did with Napoli pizza) and I know a particular Philly food critic that has argued with me about this place and will die when he/she sees this review.

But trust me. Support real Italians and eat at Hostario.
It seriously does not get any more mom and pop than this place.  This is local business down to the very core and should be nourished and encouraged.  

If you're looking for perfection or uniformity then I might suggest Olive Garden.

I enjoyed my dish (spaghetti with calamari) alongside my girlfriend's (ravioli with pumpkin sauce) and had a really nice time at this cozy little byo.  I could see going back and having a delicious warm meal on a cold winter night.
There must be something about graduate school that makes food taste better and places look WOW when they are just maybe simply clean or OK. Does that make any sense to anyone? 
Maybe is the fact that during those years any activity that takes you away from a lecture, a lab, or reading a journal will cause great excitement. In my case any night that was not a RAMEN noodle night was special. Oh! the memories. . . I am getting a little lost here. Where was I? 
Oh.. yeah, Mr. Martino's! The place was crowded. I looked around and notice that the decoration has not changed in over ten years. You can still smell the odor left from the time in which this location served as a hardware store. 
We were greeted by a friendly staff full of smiles. The giddy waitress informed us of the specials, brought us bread immediately and was back at the table to take our order. 
My mushroom appetizer tasted no different that canned mushrooms from Del Monte that you can buy at a your local grocer or any supermarket. For dinner I ordered my favorite Italian dish "Pasta Fasciole", and received one of the most tasteless meals ever. For this dish go to the pasta and bean isles respectively at your local grocer and you are ready to compete with their version of this meal. 
As for the desserts, the lemon tart is excellent, the rest should be avoided. 
If Mr. Martino's has survived for this long it can only mean that maybe deep down simply ANYONE can open their own little piece of food from somewhere in the City of Brotherly Love and avoid bankruptcy.
So I went to Mr. Martino's after a suggestion from a friend who typically has epic taste in restaurants.  As an Italian American maybe I have high standards when it comes to italian restaurants.  But this place was really a piece of work...

We called for a 6 PM reservation (my cousin was visiting with her 3 year old) and the girl on the found sounded frazzled by this.  This to her, was her busiest time of night (6PM on a Saturday) and she didn't think she could squeeze us till after 9.  She took my number in case someone cancelled.  5 minutes later the phone rang and magically a table arrived.  I figured this place was gonna be slammed from the sounds of it.

We show up to this joint and the place smells like moth balls in my grandmas attic.  Is this the quaint quirk they were talking about?  Nevermind the smell, but the fact that there was one table of two people there.  My reservation for 4 was clearly going to throw this place into bedlam.  

The waitress I'm convinced was dropped of by the short bus as everything seemed to take 2 minutes for her to process.  She really irked me.

The menu was pretty limited.  A few different pastas with the same sauces.   Nevermind that the waitress had no clue if it was going to be penne or rigatoni or linguini.  She was certainly special.

The Baked ricotta appetizer with asparagus was for the birds.  2 aspargus spears and the ricotta was bitter and soaked in oil.  Gross!

I had the spinach lasagna which was just ok, not terrible.  My aunt had the cavatelli with zucchini and basil.  It was more like zucchini surprise.  
The sad thing is we all left this place with stomach aches. UGH!

This place was a huge disappointment and for 80 bucks for 3 people who left with pains I was seriously bummed.  You can keep this place, I am NEVER GOING BACK!!  what a joke...
I must have walked by this place 150 times without noticing it.  Even when my friend suggested we go to 'this cute little BYO on Passayunk" I had no idea what she was talking about.  Now, I'm considering if I should even review it.  If getting a reservation here becomes a problem, I will get upset :-).

We made a 9:30p reservation on a Friday night for 3 people, and were willingly accomodated.  We walked over with 2 bottles of red in hand, and barely even sat down before they were opened, and glasses were on our table.  

The decor is reminiscent of an antique shop.  It's dark, woody, and adorned with odds and ends that seem odd, yet work phenomenally.  The place was about half full of people laughing, and enjoying their bottles of wine.

We mulled over the handwritten menu options, and formulated a gameplan.  We would split the portabella, white bean, and polenta appetiser, and then each go for our own entree.  I went for broccoli rabe over penne.  It wasn't officially on the menu, but they were incredibly accomodating.  They brought us out some fresh italian bread and olive oil with sundried tomatos in it.  This stuff was DELICIOUS, and I was HUNGRY.  Between that, and the wine, my night was already a resounding success.  If I had gone home then, I would have been happy.

Then came the appetiser- the polenta and portabella with white beans.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but the polenta had the consistency of a bread, which was perfect for absorbing the red wine sauce that the portabella and beans were cooked in.  It was a tad on the salty side, but washed down with my wine, it really didn't bother me.  We all dove in, and had a few bites.  Delish!

Next came entrees- Mr. Martino's isn't going to win an award for plating any time soon.  I got a standard bowl with just my pasta and broccoli rabe- no garnish, no frills, but I almost found the lack of bells and whistles refreshing.  I added a bit of extra parmasean, and dug in.  The sauce was light, and garlicky and oily and amazing.  The pasta was cooked to perfection.  The broccoli rabe was a bit overdone, but also tasted great.  The portion size is managable.  If you're really hungry, you can finish a portion.  If you're medium hungry- you can eat such that there is a bit left, but not enough to take home.  This is no Bucca Di Beppo where they're feeding you like you're a small army.  I appreciate that.

I took a taste of my friends pasta in red sauce- a pretty basic choice, but that red sauce took my breath away.  It had a lot of basil in it, and the sauce itself wasn't too sweet- just how i like it.  I could have eaten all of her dinner too.  I certainly did grab a rogue piece of bread and go for an authorized dip in her sauce :-).  

For desert, we split a strawberries and cream pound cake of sorts.  Also incredible.  By this point, I had drank quite a bit of the wine, so the details of this evade me a bit more than I'd like to admit.  

Since we arrived a bit on the late side, we found ourselves as the last table in the restaurant.  A man I assumed to be one of the owners came by and made sure to aknowledge the situation, but let us know that they had tons to do and we were welcome to take our time.  I appreciated that big time, as my natural inclination would have been to rush out of there.  It allowed for us to let our hair down, finish our glasses of wine, and then make our way out of there.

We corked up our half-consumed bottle, and headed out on foot to digest, and process a great, reasonably priced meal in the city.  I WILL be back here.  No questions asked.  It was a really pleasant, delicious, basic, grounded, unportentious Italian dinner in the city.  We need more places like this to balance out the over-the-topness.  It was really refreshing.
Truly disappointed in myself for taking this long to make it to this hidden gem.... Officially my favorite spot in the city and I'm not sure anything will ever be able to top this place. ** make sure to call ahead and make a reservation*** 
There's truly nothing else like Mr Martinos around. It's an experience to say the least. Only opened 3 days a week.. minimal seating and 1 cook. To make it even better... it's BYOB. This is best for a very small group or a couple. The seating is minimal and even with that you are right next to someone almost on top.. it's around for the servers to even get to you. 
As the other reviews mention, make sure to bring enough wine since it does take a bit longer but in all honestly between the wine and 1 app on a Friday night it really did not seem as long as they warn you. We ended up staying over 3 hours that's how much we enjoyed this atmosphere and meal.
We went on a Friday @ 730pm table was ready when we got there. The husband is working and makes his way around throughout the night, wife is cooking BY HERSELF on a 6 burner stove and 2 servers. 
We started with the bread & baked ricotta and sausage app.. delicious.. probably should have ordered another.
I had the veal tortellini in the tomato Gorgonzola sauce which was 11/10... soooo good I've never had a sauce like that and the veal tortellini was excellent and super filling. Everything comes in small bowls making the portions look small which maybe they are but everything seemed filling and to be enough. We also had the spaghetti and calamari which was super flavorful and tender. 
We ended the perfect night with the tiramisu which was gone in under a minute. 
If you love BYOBs, pasta, south philly or looking for a romantic or different kind of atmosphere you need to get to Mr Martinos you won't forget it or regret it.
Came here as an unexpected backup to where my friend wanted to go originally.  That place was closed for construction and we had to change plans.  My friend mentioned Mr. Martino's and he actually was confused as he thought it really was a different longer-opened facility. However, we hit a home run with Mr. Martino's Trattoria. The sign says 25th anniversary, but the waitress actually said it's been 27 and just about 28 years...they just never changed the banner!

Owned by a husband and wife (who does all the scratch cooking on a 6-burner stove), MM is a darkened lovely BYOB with eclectic decor and somewhat uncomfortable chairs. It's only the wife cooking so she keeps busy making sure the meals are paced beautifully for all the patrons in the dining area which seats about 35 or so?  

We were not aware of the BYOB but there is a bottle shop a couple of doors down so thankfully we were able to be seated on a Friday night without a reservation and left and came back with a nice bottle of chilled white.

I had the portobello mushroom special with polenta, and my friend had an arugula salad.  Wonderful start and just enough dipping with the bread provided with olive oil mixed with sun dried tomatoes.  Polenta was made cake-like in density and tasted so good.  Entree for me was tortellini with sausage and friend had polenta with sausage.  The gravy was seeped in meat for flavor and was so good.  Sausage comes from a local shop nearby, and also was just awesome.  Pasta was not heavy with the gravy and the serving sizes were just enough to be full...but still room for desert!

Friend was pleased with his homemade tiramisu and I had an outstanding lemon tart.  We both had some espresso and macchiato. What a great meal!

Service was very friendly and helpful with everything.  I'm glad we came in a little after 5:30 when it was very quiet and empty because it filled up quickly and grew in volume. The husband/owner was more than happy to make the rounds with customers.

I'd absolutely come back.  Parking is a bitch in South Philly.  We were lucky and got in the PPA lot somewhat nearby for $3 for 3 hours.  We used 2.

$90 including tax and tip for two. CASH ONLY!  $20 for wine at the bottle shop a couple of doors down.
The husband/wife operation behind Mr. Martino's, with the friendly Mr. Martino running the front of house while Mrs. Martino singlehandedly cooks everything in the kitchen, is inspiring and makes me want to give this charming spot 5 stars. 

Their wonderful service, provided by a small, but knowledgeable and friendly staff has me thinking this should be 5 stars, as well. 

That said, with so many 5-star reviews, I think it's okay for me to leave my emotions aside and really focus on the food, which really just didn't hit the highs of the expectations I had going in.

I had the baked ricotta with asparagus & vinaigrette, which was okay. 2 thin slices of baked ricotta and some pretty ordinary asparagus. Despite being bathed in a tasty house vinaigrette, it wasn't really a memorable start, unfortunately. 

The highlight of my meal was definitely the octopus special, served over beans. This was flavorful, and the octopus was perfectly-cooked and tender. The dish had a very smoked paprika flavor profile, which was reminiscent of Galician-style octopus. Swap the beans with potatoes and you'd basically be there. Wonderful.

Things were really looking up when the veal tortelloni arrived, which kind of left me confused, and brought be back down. The dish delivered HIGH highs, but mixed with a lot of average valleys in between. I enjoyed the old fashioned chicken & dumpling-like thickness of the fresh pasta, and the veal was really REALLY delicious, but the pasta-to-veal ratio heavily favored the pasta. With excellent pasta, it might not have been so disappointing if the veal hadn't been so standout. Once I had a bite with the veal in it, suddenly I started desperately wanting more, but alas, the next 2 or 3 bites would be lacking those flavors. With only a few tortellonis to eat, this search & rescue mission was over far too quickly. Sure, the texture of the pasta was awesome, but a thick pasta like theirs almost BEGS for a heavy hand of filling. If the pasta wasn't, I certainly was! This dish would've been worth rushing back for. With house-made pastas like this, it very well could've been an unfortunate situation of my 4-5 tortellonis being duds, but they were mostly duds, nonetheless. The sauce was pretty faint on the gorgonzola flavors, which is ideal for those who maybe avoid those flavors, but I think just a bit more of that gorgonzola bite could've made the veal-less bites more pleasing. As it were, bites without veal became mostly country dumpling in simple tomato sauce.

Desserts also were a mixed bag. The lemon tart was excellent! The flaky dough will fly across the table if you try to cut through it with a fork, but if you just pick it up and attack it like a piece of pizza, it works a bit better. Sure, you'll look a bit ridiculous and come off as selfish in a group ("you're not going to share that?!?), but it's advisable...and delicious! The tiramisu wasn't as successful. Also made in-house (like everything else) the lady fingers they made had a bit too much chew to them. Personally, I like my tiramisu to have a nice structure and the right balance of moisture soaked into the lady fingers, which this particular dish provides. The issue was the lady fingers, though. When you attack tiramisu, you expect the fork to move with an almost soothingly-effortless motion as you cut through, with the texture in your mouth being just a smooth. The lady fingers just had a noticably-tough outside, which fought back a bit, both in cutting and chewing. I generally don't want to have to really chew my tiramisu, but this one certainly required it. Flavors were exactly what I look for, though. Like my veal tortelloni, it's close, but just not...quite...there. Painfully close, really.

Overall, the atmosphere was unique, and the staff and owners were wonderful. The menu isn't adventurous, but there's a homestyle charm that makes the more traditional offerings fit perfectly. The pacing of the dishes was perfect, too, despite one person being on the hook for serving a very busy dining room. Seriously impressive. I simply left underwhelmed by all but one of the dishes I tried. That said, I would definitely return. The highs show the potential, and I can see why some people would walk away very happy, but the inconsistencies of the food simply got in the way of an otherwise wonderful experience. In a city with and endless array of restaurants, it'll take some time to return, but we will be back. I'm optimistic that next time we'll likely have the 5-star experiences others have enjoyed!
We had a horrible experience. We were waiting for our food for almost an hour. No one spoke to us.  Finally at about the hour point, the owner said that the food would be up momentarily and that his wife was the only one in the kitchen.

Twenty minutes later --- the food came. No apology, No compensation like 10% off the bill. 

The restaurant is very, very small.  The owner went around asking others if they were enjoying themselves. He totally ignored us.  No acknowledgement of us even being present.  Ignoring us does not make it better.

Can you tell I am still angry?
As someone else said, I really wanted to like this place. Did a lot of reviewing and decided on this place. Dark, charming interior, but musty. Wait staff was nice, service was slow as expected since its part of the vibe, and if I recall, prices were reasonable. We did have the white bean soup which was good. Here is the issue. I get that a small restaurant serving fresh food is not going to have a vast menu, but, at least the day I went, the menu pretty much consisted of 5 apps and maybe 6 entrees. Which normally would be plenty BUT 3 out of the 5 apps were the same thing with slight alterations. Baked Ricotta with Olives, Baked Ricotta with Sausage, Baked Ricotta with Green Beans (or something like that). We tried one and it was... eh. The same thing went for the entrees. There was a chicken dish, a sausage dish, and three different generic type pastas with the option of red sauce or pesto. I was very disappointed in the menu. I love fresh pasta so I went with that. While it wasnt bad, it offered nothing. So disappointed. No interesting ravioli?! No inventive sauce?! I see other reviewers had the opportunity to try what I would have liked to be offered. There is a parking lot close to the restaurant, but when we went they were shutting down a flea market and we had to park on the street a few blocks away.
Quaint little BYOB tucked away in the heart of Passyunk Avenue. For reservations, you need to call, since they do not have a website or use OpenTable (and reservations are recommended since this place tends to fill up quickly). My husband and I enjoyed our meals - the polenta and sausage with red sauce was delicious, especially the sauce. My favorite part of the meal was the tiramisu. It was decadent and almost pudding-like. Delish!

Overall, the food was good - nothing fancy, just quality Italian food. Bring some wine and cash (cash only). With one appetizer, two entrees and dessert, our bill came in under $60. Quite a deal if you ask me. We will definitely return.
Amazing food and service. We recently had a family dinner for 5 people. Everyone loved this cozy spot. The spinach ravioli with a light pumpkin gravy was perfect. Our server was attentive and well versed. The owner made sure everything was perfect, 

Save room for dessert. They are all homemade. The rice pudding cake is a northern Italian treat. Perfect.
As you can see from Aaron's recent review we did not have a pleasant experience with Mr. Martino.  My soup was so salty it tasted as if they used water from the Atlantic instead of chicken stock.  Aaron's broccoli rabe was so overcooked that it could have been easily mashed with a fork.  His entree was the only edible dish as my "spinach lasagna" was an overcooked noodles sandwiching a bland ricotta filling topped with an equally uninspired sauce.  I watched as the server delivered food to another table by reaching over diners instead of making the effort to move to each person's position around the table.  She also brought us a pitcher of water but did not do the first refill.  I was flabbergasted that the owner was unapologetic about our displeasure with the food.  Being in the hospitality industry myself and having attended the Restaurant School I take every criticism into account as an opportunity to improve my services to clients.  I would never think of telling a client that their perception of my services is incorrect and would make a sincere effort to correct the situation.  If I want to gamble on an experience in the future I'd rather take my money to Atlantic City.
Look......I love this place.  Can you get better food elsewhere?  Yes you can.  But dining at Mr Martinos is an experience.  Walking into the storefront that  feels like you are walking back in time.  Charming, Warm, Wonderful is all I have to say.  One of South Philadelphia's best kept secrets.  There is a certain someone who calls herself an expert.....well Madame C.....you are way wrong on this one.
This is a place for special occasions that are special for their own sake, not due to the location.  By that, I mean the decor is charming and non-intrusive - the place feels like it could be a 100 yr old tavern that's family friendly.  The food is flavorful and filling, seasoned simply but sufficiently.  The service is friendly, efficient, and unobtrusive.

We made reservations for early Saturday evening, though they proved unnecessary.  To hammer home the point of casualness, they use paper napkins, uncork away from the table (no corking fee!), and give you small tumblers for drinking your wine that look like they're supposed to be for orange juice at a diner.

Get the white bean soup, and get a bowl - you'll almost order a second bowl and make it your meal.  Skip the mushrooms appetizer - they're sliced and sauteed in white wine but served cold with dry orgeano on it.  They're flavorful, but somewhat unappetizing served as such.  The bread is tasty, chewy on the inside and crusty on the outside.  They're generous with extra bread.  Our meals were heaped in bowls other restaurants use for salad - leaving a portion that's very filling but not large enough to warrant leftovers.  As said before, their sauces are not complex but still flavorful, pastas cooked properly and seemingly fresh, and calamari at exactly the right texture.  We got out of there at just under $50 after tip.

The proprietor did visit our table briefly, he was accommodating and charming as previous folks have said, although he only stayed briefly.
A friend recommended that we go to Mr. Martino's for our anniversary. We made a reservation, and then saw all the reviews on Yelp. It seems like people either absolutely love it or absolutely hate it. After my dinner there, I am one of the people that absolutely loves it. I think the people who hate it must have expected some Olive Garden type restaurant with lots of lighting and no character.

It is cozy inside, and dimly lit. The staff were very friendly the entire time. It wasn't super-fast service, but I didn't want to be rushed in and out in 30 min. Part of the atmosphere is drinking a bottle of wine (it's a BYO) and have the food come out at a more leisurely pace.

On to the food: after reading some reviews, we both got the white bean soup. It was delicious! The waitress said afterwards that it is actually a vegan soup. I would never have guessed, it was so flavorful.

For main courses I ordered the spinach ravioli with butter-nutmeg sauce and asparagus. Wonderful! My boyfriend got veal tortellini in a creamy tomato and gorgonzola sauce. Very tasty. The food wasn't the most amazing I've ever had, but it was very good and better than you would expect for the price.

We were too full for dessert but the tiramisu' at other tables looked very good too.

I loved the food and the atmosphere of Mr. Martino's. It is small inside though and is definitely not fast-food, so maybe it isn't for everyone. Also, they don't accept credit cards, but they do accept checks.
Mr. Martino's provided us with a wonderful dining experience that we will remember fondly for a very long time.  For us, the food was good but took a back seat to the general experience, ambience and hospitality of the restaurant.

The restaurant has a quiet demeanor from the outside and was hard for us to find so take a good look at Google Street View  and try your best.  As soon as we stepped inside we were impressed with the mood of the place.  It was a small, dimly lit room with high ceilings and the casually elegant air of your grandmother's antiquated manor.  A mysterious staircase led somewhere upstairs.  The tables were so cozy it was a bit hard to maneuver your way around to be seated or go to the bathroom but it wasn't necessarily a problem unless you were of some girth.  

The staff, including Mr. Martino, were all incredibly friendly and easy-going and that was the general atmosphere of the entire evening for us and the other patrons.  It felt like a really low key but nice meal at a friend's house.  

It's been a few months and I didn't take notes of what we ate so I don't recall exactly what we ordered.  The food itself did not blow our socks off but it was all consistently good, including dessert.  The restaurant does not serve alcohol but allows brown bagging and there is a wine store about a ten minute walk away.  Better to just bring a bottle or two more than you intend to drink.  

I recommend you visit Mr. Martino's when you have some good company and the time to enjoy it.
What a gem of a restaurant! We were looking for somewhere to eat on a Sunday night and while looking up places on our phones, we noticed this restaurant right in front of us. Walking by, you might miss it. The façade looks like it belongs to a curiosity shop more than a restaurant. If it weren't for the name of the place painted above the door and a menu in the window, I don't think we would've realized it wasn't. Opening up the door, however, reveals what might be the coziest restaurant I've ever been to in my life. The interior exudes old world charm, with intimate lighting, lived-in wooden tables scattered about the floor, a handsome bar against the wall (though as a BYOB, you won't be served at drink at it), and both the owner and waitress taking care of every table were friendly and warm.

For an appetizer, we split a dish of octopus and cannellini beans, which was absolutely amazing. The octopus was very tender and lent a fishy saltiness to the sauce we made sure to sop up with the bread at the table. For mains we got an order of the veal tortelloni in a tomato gorgonzola sauce and cheese tortellini and sausage. The sauces were great, both a little creamy and very tasty. For dessert, we split a sort of lemon tart, which if you like lemon is definitely something you need to try, and rice custard cake, which we hadn't had before but which had an interesting consistency and good taste. Everything was super high quality and gave you the impression that everything there is cooked with love and careful attention.

One thing I want to mention is the portion size, which was perfect. A lot of places, especially Italian places, will give you huge portions, leaving you feeling way too full after your meal. So I was very happy that this place gave you normal-sized dishes that leave you satisfied but not bursting. I really wish more places did this.

We're so happy we had the random opportunity to check this place out!
I really hate to write this review with low stars when there are SO many 5 star Yelp reviews. I just did not like my meal - and neither did my husband or the couple we dined with. 

I loved the room and I think it is really cool that their is one person cooking all of the meals. The pace of the dinner was really nice. I love to enjoy my time, food, and company. I just won't come back because I do not think that food had much flavor and I LOVE simple Italian dishes. These just did not hit the mark.

My table split the ricotta w/ asparagus and roasted red peppers. Both were nice with the bread but I do wish that the bread came out warm. Neither appetizer had much flavor and both were very small portions. 

For my main I ordered the pasta with tomato sauce. I really think there is nothing better than pasta with a simple sauce if it is done right. It is my go to dish at most Italian spots if it is my first time dining. If they can nail that then they are 5 stars in my book. Sadly, my small portion of pasta (cooked perfectly al dente! which is great) had a boring canned like tomato sauce taste. It was very expensive for a bland bowl.

I tried my husbands veal tortellini and it was just not that good either. Our 2 friends agreed with their meals too. Sadly none of us were wowed like everyone else seems to be.
There's no other restaurant like this. While I'm not Italian, I'm critical of Italian food due to growing up with homemade authentic Italian meals. This place nails it.  You go here for the experience and the food, not to be served immediately. Yes, there is a wait because there is only one person in the kitchen working. However,  it is well worth the wait.  

We ordered the ricotta with asparagus. The ricotta had a nice sweetness to it that was complimented by the vinegarrette dressing. I also tried the red peppers and portobello mushroom special which were also very good. For my main dish I had the octopus over cannellini beans which was incredible.  Mr.  Martino said this is his favorite of his wife's dishes and I could see why. The octopus is slow cooked and very tender.  Some of the best octopus I've ever had. I also tried the veal tortellini which was very good as well.  For dessert I had the tiramisu which is some of the best I've had. 

This place is super cozy and the owners certainly know how to take care of their guests. Make sure you bring wine since this place is BYOB!
This is a classic,  old-school, Italian gem.

I had the treat of dining her last Sunday with workmates whom I adore and one of our crew has made Mr. Martino's  one of her go-to spots.

Unlike a number of Yelpers,  we didn't experience the service and slow food delivery issues at all and this was at prime dinner time on a Sunday evening.   The staff were extremely attentive and the food came out in great time.

This was truly the experience of being in someone's home and having food made with great care and love.

Let's start out first with the bread:  soft on the inside,  just enough crunch in the crust and the heavenly olive oil with peppers to sop the bread into ...  (We asked for an additional basket of bread and more oil !)

Shared several appetizers -- the mozzarella and tomatoes,  the broccoli rabe (cooked tender and seasoned to perfection !)

Two of us got the spaghetti with calamari (cooked perfectly!). The garlicky sauce was a must for bread-dipping!

Pasta and risotto dishes others got were equally scrumptious.

Now,  onto desserts:
As many Yelpers recommended,  the lemon tart is a MUST !!!  We got two and devoured them.   Tiramisu shared by a few was surprisingly not soggy and incredibly delicious.   The cappuccinos to accompany the sweets were made perfectly.

This was a FULL and COMPLETE dining experience !
Having lived in South Philly for the better part of a decade, I have always meant to stop into Mr Martino's. I have heard such polarizing things about this joint- the service is slow, the food too salty and the portions too small. I have also heard it is homey, delicious, well-portioned and simply comfortable. 

From the moment the diner steps inside Mr Martino's, it's pretty apparent that this meal is going to be pretty unique, for better or for worse. 

The decor is splendid. You know how tacky places like Applebee's put random crap on their walls in a half-hearted attempt to make their establishments feel authentic? Well, Mr. Martino's is the sort of place they are ripping off. The walls are old. The tables are creaky. The space is cramped. It's kind of dark. There are somewhat creepy, kind of interesting pictures all over the place. I would say there is a hybrid of intimacy and comfort unlike any other restaurant I have ever entered. 

The service, from the very start, was awesome. We chatted with our server for a few minutes. She recommended a few dishes. Later, we chatted up Mr. Martino himself. Couldn't be a nicer fellow. I got the feeling that this is the sort of place that a lot of work has been put into, and that furthermore they could make a lot more money if, say, they opened up for more days or moved to a bigger establishment. That they haven't may account for the fantastic dishes. 

My fiance and I started by ordering an arugula and Asiago salad with a lemon-oil dressing. I loved the intense bitterness of the arugula contrasting with the sour tartness of the dressing. Crazy weird flavor. In fact, this salad was possibly the earthiest dish I have ever experienced. Though I mean that as a compliment, my fiance didn't care for it. "Go outside and lick the cement." Well then.

As for our main dishes, I originally ordered the veal tortellini with Gorgonzola sauce. Unfortunately, the sauce was emptied for the nite. (We arrived pretty late.) So I switched to the apparently-endless special, the balsamic chicken. To me, this dish was heaven sent. It arrived with a few potatoes and 2 crunchy stalks of asparagus on the side. The sauce had that tangy sweetness which only balsamic could deliver. The chicken quite literally fell off the bone. Surprisingly, the dish had dark meat too. Quite a risk, considering the price point. It really lent itself to the dish, so tender and juicy. 

My fiance ordered the cheese tortellini with pesto sauce. The tortellini was obviously fresh and cooked perfectly. The pesto was sublime, not a hint overseasoned. She said it was one of the best pasta dishes she ever tasted. 

There are a few bum notes which obstruct a 5 star rating. The portion size has been discussed much. While I certainly agree that portion size at nearly every establishment is out of control these days, Mr Martinos goes the opposite way. I could literally have counted my fiance's tortellini on two hands. I MAY have need a few toes, but I doubt it. What it comes down to is this- if I am dropping a Grant on dinner, I should come out with my appetite satisfied. If it weren't for our bread, I would not have been. 

Also, as noted by other reviewers, the wait was excessive.  I didn't particularly mind it, to be honest, but it is something to be considered if you are going out for dinner. There are nights when going out to dinner isnt the absolute centerpiece of the night. Going to Mr Martino's for dinner would preclude such nights. 

Overall, I loved it. I plan on going back, that much is for sure. The environment, the service, the atmosphere and, of course, the off the hook dishes are well worth stopping for a few hours every once in a while for a meal unlike any other.
The vibe here is just right. You feel like you've uncovered a secret that nobody else knows about - except that this place was jam-packed! Came in at 8:15pm on a Sunday night and scored the last open table since we had a reservation. As others have said, DO NOT come here if you are in a rush. We were here for about 3 hours since there was just 1 server, Mr. Martino, and his wife cooking up a storm. BYOB is always a plus. Bread was good, but not great. We enjoyed our appetizer (baked ricotta with sausage and olives) as well as our entrees (spinach ravioli with nutmeg and brown butter sauce/spaghetti with calamari, plum tomatoes, and arugula). Finished it off with tiramisu. $60 total including tax and 20% tip. I'm usually a Ralph's gal, but it was nice to try a new place. Overall, very good and affordable experience. A bit too long of a wait, but mostly because it was unexpected. I know better for next time. Top notch/homey kind of place. Definitely check it out!
This place is absolutely amazing. It may as well be a national treasure. I think the secret ingredient in some of their sauces is crack; they're so addictive. Ha, just playin'. But seriously. The moment my husband and I walked in, we knew we were in for a treat. One of the best parts came at the end, when we got our check: we ordered A LOT, our bellies were stuffed, we tried a gagillion different flavors, and the bill was under $60. Amazing. If there was a place in Philly to have a standing weekly reservation, it would be this place.
clearly a place whose time has come and gone.  I was last here with 7 friends.  No one's dinner was edible.  One dish was the most unappetizing presentation I have ever seen.  Small sausages on a bed of spinsch?/broccol rabe?  It looked like excrement sitting atop soaking wet spinach.  It did not taste much better than it looked.  

The service was pleasant but  haphazard.  The place wasn't busy, so all I can think is that she was very inexperienced.

With so many great places on EPA (Le Virtu, Fond, etc.), there is no reason for anyone to set foot in this place
I really love this place.  My husband & I went on a Sunday night on short notice and we were met with a very warm greeting.  Don't let the shitty reviews fool you- this place is stellar.  The thing about yelp is that it's open to the public, and not everyone has great taste or knows what they're talking about.
Anyway- the good service lasted for the duration of our visit.  We had well prepared, quality, home style food in a kitschy, intimate environment.  It had a real speakeasy vibe despite the lack of booze.  
I read a few things about "cooking all day and reheating everything as it's ordered."  This is not as appalling as you make it sound.  I've worked in restaurants for 20 years and this is how it's done pretty much everywhere.  That's what "prep" is.  So get over it.  Besides, things like sauce take all day to cook.  And then you reheat them.  
But anyway- our food was slamming.  We had the baked ricotta and some various antipasti.  For dinner I had spinach ravioli.  I'm not sure what my husband had but he loved it.  By this time we had already started in on our 2nd bottle of wine and we're total hogs so we ordered one of the specials for the evening- the octopus.  I think it was the best octopus I've ever had.  I liked everything about it.  We had the tiramisu and the lemon tart for dessert.  I wish I'd brought a bottle of Amaretto.  
I want to have my birthday dinner here- with bottles of Chianti and cardboard cutouts of characters from Boardwalk Empire.  It's gonna be pretty sweet.
My sister in law made a reservation here for Saturday night. We were originally a party of four and they did not bat an eye when I called Saturday afternoon and asked to add another person to our party. That, in my book, sets you above the rest. The service is slow. That said, our adorable waitress did warn us: "There is only one lady back there and six burners." The bread basket was amazing delicious. I started with the cold green bean appetizer, which was a little smaller than I had anticipated. For dinner, I had penne with plum tomato sauce. It was very, very simple and exactly what I wanted. The menu is very simple. The specials sounded delicious, but I opted for pasta and sauce! For dessert, I had the lemon tart, which was also so good. It is incredibly romantic and throw-back inside.
Mr. Martino's is now my favorite BYOB.  The food is delicious.  My husband had the white bean soup and the veal tortillini, which was excellent.  We both had the string bean app. & I had the cheese tortillini.  The service was very friendly and a great atmosphere.  We will be back again!
As  always on Yelp, you encounter people who have no taste, are rude, but want everyone to be polite to them etc. They take malicious delight in one-starring small businesses and so on... They couldn't be more wrong about this lovely trattoria.

Mr. M's small, handsome BYOB has always served delicious food in a calm and welcoming atmosphere.

I would recommend it for anything from a casual meal, to bringing the family of your bride (which I did right before our wedding).... more than 15 years ago. They're still a place to remember and enjoy today.

Viva Mr. Martino's!
After walking past perhaps the most discreet dining establishment on East Passyunk too many times to count, my boyfriend and I finally went to Mr. Martino's Trattoria, and though we really wanted to love it, I don't think we would go back. The food was good, the service was wonderful (a few times from Mr. Martino himself), and the ambiance made us feel like we were back in Rome, but we ultimately left wanting more.

We decided to order the roasted red peppers as an appetizer, which went very well with the bread and the dipping sauce. Not too much more to say, they were good, as roasted red peppers should be. For an entree, I decided to order the veal tortelloni with tomato gorganzola sauce, and my boyfriend decided to order a special, which was the spinach ravioli in a red pepper sauce. The entrees took a while to come out, but we were in no rush, and it gave us time to admire the authentically eclectic interior. When the entrees came out, we were both a bit underwhelmed. My veal tortelloni was good, and the sauce was nice and light for a rose sauce, but there wasn't anything notable about it. Also, as someone who does not have a ravenous appetite, I thought the portions were on the small side for a pasta entree. My boyfriend's spinach ravioli in the red pepper sauce were more interesting than my tortelloni, the red pepper flavor was not too overwhelming and the ravioli were not overly stuffed with cheese, but he was underwhelmed too.

We really, really wanted to like this place, but the relative lack of variety on the menu (and the lack of an impression the dishes we had made on us) will likely keep us from coming back. That being said, we were very glad that we tried it, and would absolutely not discourage anyone from going if they wanted a meal at a very unique East Passyunk BYOB.
I've been twice now, and I'm sorry, while the building is beautiful and the ambiance is great, this food is average at best, insultingly bland and plain at worst. Caprese salad was 3 slices of tomato, mozz, and basil. Go to Acme and make the same thing. Polenta was so dry it wouldnt stay on the fork. Pasta is fine, portions are stupidly tiny. The owner is a nice guy, but unfortunately that doesnt make the food any good. With other places showcasing better Italian food all over the Ave and South Philly, there's no need to go here.
I hate to write a review for this unassuming place out of pure selfishness. We have been eating here for over 20 some odd years and have never left hungry or unhappy. Quite the opposite in fact we always feel like we just left our best friends place! This small quaint restaurant has the best food in Philadelphia maybe even the US, the world possibly. If you are in a hurry don't bother coming, you won't have the time it takes to enjoy the full Italian eating experience like nanas on Sundays. 
To really enjoy you need time a hungry palate and plenty of wine at this BYOB. We sit back and enjoy a cornucopia of appetizers along with the dense bread with olive oil. I think the baked ricotta cheese may be my favorite go to appetizer, I still haven't been able to make up my mind on that so don't quote me!! I usually go with my adult children and we enjoy each other's food, picking and passing around the tasty delectable entrees.  Once again unable to choose a favorite main course you can't go wrong with the ravioli.  I can say I have a favorite dessert the chocolate pudding and tiramisu!!
All the food is hand made to order in a magical kitchen by Maria as Mark her trusty side kick plays the lovable attentive host.
So I really like places w/ character.  Mr. Martino's Trattoria DEFINITELY has character.  The husband and wife team that run the show are pretty awesome.  They are only open on a few days, so you have to call ahead and make reservations.  Also, the wife makes EVERYTHING from chopping every tomato in the salads to every piece of pasta that comes out.  So it sometimes takes a while. It's BYO - bring a good bottle of wine, and take some good people you can talk to! While the service isn't sloth like, it's not fast food either.   The husband comes around and talks to you, which is a nice touch.  The food I had when I went here was DELICIOUS.  We started with an appetizer of random vegi's - all of which were cooked to perfection.  Everyone I went with enjoyed their main dish - all of us had some sort of pasta. I went a while ago, so I don't remember what mine was but I'm pretty sure it was a pumpkin ravioli. It was great.  I totally recommend the trek to East Passyunk for this gem!
Awesome find! No frills, no fancy gimmicks, just good food and great atmosphere. The restaurant is small and feels like you entered a small town in Italy. We ordered the mushroom appetizer, octopus, sausage, and veal ravioli- everything was fantastic, fresh and tasted like your grandmother is making you a home cooked meal. 

It's BYO and you will wait a bit for your meal, but it's totally worth it. We will definitely be going back and would definitely recommend!
I love this place. I love how the doorway is almost unmarked. I love the perfect tin ceiling, original light fiixtures, and carved wood paneling. I love piano and the marble-topped double-radiator table. I love the stack of chairs above the doorway. I love the perfectly dim lights and the music at just the right volume. I love that they don't rush you through the meal, and the whole time you feel like you're on a movie set - maybe Lady and the Tramp. I love that they do simple, tasty Italian food without the pretentions or elevated prices. I love the white bean soup - never has something that white and watery-looking tasted so perfect. I loved our pasta sauces - pumpkin on my spinach ravioli and a delicious slow-cooked plum marinara on the boyfriend's polenta. I love you Mr. Martino, with your welcoming and your shoulder touching and your chatting all night with your regular customers. I want to go back.
One of the most charming restaurants in Philadelphia. The food and service are both great but perhaps the most impressive aspect of this place is the unique feeling you experience when inside. It's hard to put in to words but I'll attempt it by saying that this restaurant transports you back in time. The lighting is on the darker side and the decor reminds me of what the 1920's/1930's must have been like. 

I've had tortellini dishes both times that I've dined here and they were fantastic.  Bring a bottle of wine (or two ) and enjoy one of the more unique dining experiences you'll have in our increasingly amazing "foodie city".
Mr Martino's is the perfect interpretation of a family-owned restaurant in the Trastevere section of Rome. The dishes are simple, but excellently prepared. I've been going there almost since they opened (almost 20 years ago). It is a husband and wife team, with Mark out front and Maria in the kitchen. I recommend anything with the pumpkin sauce when it is in season, and the slow-cooked chicken in balsamic sauce just melts in your mouth. Most dishes are pasta with only a few meat items, so vegetarians will do just fine.  BYO cash only. Make reservations well in advance on Friday/Saturday.
When I first got to Mr Martinos, I had some serious doubts. Why was I eating in what looked like a creepy library? However upon entering, I was overcome by the charm of the place. The old time bar, dark wooden tables and intimate atmosphere were incredibly unique. I do not think I have dined in a place like this since I actually went to Italy. The menu is simple and phenomenal. I went with a group of 5 so and we were able to try lots of things, including the special Spinach Ravioli with Pumpkin sauce (heavenly). The owner himself came over and made sure to chat up our table to make us feel welcome. His wife is the chef and makes all of the dishes to order. We learned that the restaurant is named for his father, who is in his 90s and still drives a convertible!  I would really recommend the Ricotta cheesecake for dessert, it was not too sweet and a truly authentic Italian recipe. Mr Martinos will seriously transport you to a different place. Dining here was a wonderful experience and I would definitely return!
Been meaning to try Mr. Martino's since we moved to the block and finally went for an anniversary dinner.  There actually is a bit of a musty smell as you enter the building, but I think it's actually the smell of what makes up the lovely ambiance: original, old dark woods.  The place is dimly lit with beautiful paintings abounding.  Of any South Philly Italian restaurant I've tried, this restaurant FEELS the most authentic.  A great atmosphere.

We were seated by a friendly old gentleman, probably Mr. Martino himself.  He checked back in with us several times through the night.  Our waitress was also very friendly, down to earth and pleasant.  The service was great.  A note that courses are served Euro-slow with plenty of time to chat between courses.  Not a bad thing.  Just know that your meal will take time.

Our BYOB red was opened promptly.  No "wine" glasses here, just simple small cylindrical glasses to drink from.  Actually, I prefer this to tall, wide and generally unwieldy wine glasses.  More practical for sharing a bottle.  Though the short wine glasses may have been better.  Just a side note anyway.

We were first presented with a nice Italian loaf of bread and a dipping oil with sun dried tomatoes.  The dipping oil was absolutely delicious.  I could have drank the stuff.

We ordered a cup of the Yelp-recommended white bean soup ($3.50) and also the baked ricotta with asparagus and vinaigrette.  The white bean soup was good but not mind-blowing as I was led to believe,  It is hearty and solid, but to me tasted like beans and pasta in chicken broth with a dash of rosemary on top and nothing else.  No big flavors here.  The ricotta was interesting but was overly sweet to me for an appetizer.  The vinaigrette on top was really good and did seem to cut some of the sweetness but they didn't seem to perfectly compliment each other.  At $8+ I'm not sure I'd order it again.

I ordered cheese tortelloni with Italian sausage.  (The waitress explained that tortellOni was not a misspelling but that they are larger version of the more familiar tortellini.)  The tortellonis were good and seemed fresh.  The sausage also was flavorful and had a great consistency.  However, I had issues with the sauce.  Later when I dipped some bread in it seemed very flavorful, but it was very thin and watery and I felt it did not hold up well on the pasta.  I feel like pasta dishes are at least half about the sauce and this sauce was just not a good consistency.

The bill was a touch under $50 including tax.  Fairly reasonable prices.

This one was a mixed bag.  The atmosphere is lovely and the service was great.  But to me the food was just not better than "A-OK."
A hidden gem in plain view on Passyunk. Simply prepared food with wonderfully fresh ingredients, and an antique-shop feel.
Have gone to Mr. Martino's  a few times now. Very homey dark interior, you feel like you have completely left Philly.  Food was amazing, the last time we got the specials, a seafood risotto and ravioli with butternut  squash sauce. Couldn't ask for any better. There is always a wait for the food, I'm guessing because they cook a lot of it to order, so I certainly would not go there if I was in any kind of a rush.
Look you either get this place or your don't. If you do get it it's because you appreciate the need to be transported back to a simpler time. This happens to be one of my favorite restaurants period. Mr Martino's is a two person show and you are a guest in their house. She makes all the food from scratch, alone, and he makes sure the guest feel at home. The broccoli rabe is just how my mother made it before anyone knew what broccoli rabe was. It was never crisp-tender it was always braised,almost stewed into a meltingly  bitter mass. Some of my cravings are pasta fagiole with rabe, pasta zucchini and any of the raviolis however you can't go wrong with anything in the menu. Desserts are simple and homemade and delicious. So grab a loved one and a few bottles of wine, unplug and slow down
i seem to go to this place on special occasions.  my birthday, my friend's birthday, new year's eve, friday.  i love pretty much everything about it.  you can tell the food is made with care and love.  even if you can't tell from the taste, you can feel it from Mark's (the owner) gentle shoulder touches.  he wants you to be there...he wants you to feel at home.  the first time i went there, my friend and i didn't know it was a BYOB (we don't have many of those in Oh-hi-o).  so we went without wine...that is until Mark brought us half a bottle that someone left on their table.  What service!  i mean, having no shame, i wouldn't hesitate to take leftover wine off of someone else's table  ... but when you do it FOR me....man, i'll love you forever.  and i do.

and for those who want a more practical information....one of the other best things about this place is that its portions are JUST RIGHT, baby bear.
Was in Philly recently and was recommended here by GF's family. We arrived quite late and eventually ended up being the last table there. Nevertheless, Anne and Mary-Knight were totally cool with us and the food was quite tasty. The place is BYOW which is always nice. I had the Veal Tortellini, White Bean Soup, and Tiramisu. I feel the plates could have used just a touch more in flavor but the tiramisu was delicious and the olive oil with sundried tomatoes at the beginning got the palette firing just right. A nice little experience in the city.
This is like going to mom and pops. Nice. Byob and cash only. Lasagna. Tortellini Awsome
I can't say enough about this place. We were made to feel incredibly welcome as soon as we walked in the door, and even though we stayed for a long time, the server was insistent that we not feel rushed. 

The food was excellent. The simple san marzano tomato sauce was done extremely well, and accompanied impeccable spinach ravioli. The pasta fagioli was hearty and deeply comforting, blending rapini and white beans to yield a dish with a rich warmth.

As someone from out of town, the next time in Philadelphia we will be sure to return.
This place is kind of amazing. Really cool atmosphere, classic italian comfort food, friendly service...we loved it. 

We called on a Saturday night, knowing it would be busy, and they still squeezed us in. We were advised to "bring lots of wine" as service isn't quick. So make sure you don't expect to be in & out quickly. Go there, sit back, have some great conversation, and enjoy your food & drink. You'll be happy you did.
This place is definitely a gem.  I don't know why it's not more crowded, but I think its quiet and underpopulated atmosphere is one of the things that makes it so delightful.  

I can see why some people might take issue with a limited menu and humble wine glasses, but selection and extravagance are not what this place is all about. 

Don't forget to get some broccoli rabe and save room for dessert.
Mr Martinos. You used to be good and give a crap about your customers. No more. Dinner took 90 mins. Dinner kindof sucked. I talked to you directly and you told me "whatever". 
Guess what. I'm not coming back. And I'm telling my social network to leave you. 
Yes. You could have said it was busy or said someone was out but in general your restaurant was hot slow on service and unapologetic. 

Those things all add up to bad service. You can run for awhile on reputation but not forever. 

Good luck.
Just had a truly unforgettable meal at this South Philly gem. The atmosphere was cozy, the service was friendly and charming, and the food was delicious and astonishingly affordable. The whole place is clearly a labor of love, and I would recommend it uncategorically to anyone looking for a romantic spot off the beaten path to bring their honey.
This is my wife's favorite Italian restaurant in our neighborhood (S. Philly, surrounded by Italian restaurants). They are open Thur-Sun. Reservations are recommended. BYOB. CASH ONLY. 

The food is great. The atmosphere is old world. The owners work the place -- he works the front, she works the kitchen. The specials haven't changed in 8 years, but that doesn't matter. Oh, you must try the white bean soup.
Ugh! Our reservation was at 8pm and our appetizers showed up at 9pm. The broccoli rabe was overcooked. We are still waiting for our entrees and it's not even full. What a disappointment! Ps: don't come here in the summer. They don't have air conditioning.
My favorite new Italian in south philly,  amazing food in a very cozy and friendly Place! BYOB!!'
Great place in South philly.  Old hardware store converted into this quaint Italainrestaurant. Mr Martino as host and his wife Maria in the kitchen.  Excellent food, prices and great service.  BYOB a plus! Cash only.
I really wanted to love this place.  It was a cute restaurant (a bit of a haunted mansion vibe if that makes sense), and I had read about the slow pace which was an added plus.  The staff was very friendly and accomodating.  It was definitely WARM--just a warning for people going in the summer time.  They are running off of a window unit.  This isn't a dealbreaker but just be prepared.

I didn't find the food to be anything to rave about.  We ate the baked ricotta with Italian sausage and olive appetizer, and it was just ok.  We also had a wine-sauteed mushroom and polenta appetizer, and I found the mushrooms to be flavorful but the polenta was very bland.  For an entree, I had the veal tortellini with gorgonzola.  It was very undercooked and doughy.  For dessert we had the lemon tart and that was hands down the best part of the meal--so good!

Overall, I'm pretty bummed.  Maybe it was an off-night, but there really isn't anything making me want to go back here.
Never having been here before I wasn't sure what to expect seeing as my Italian food fix is usually filled by homemade meals, however this place did nothing but impress. Within the first few minutes after sitting down you quickly get the feel that there is only one chef who is making high quality authentic food. As far as the food goes I enjoyed the baked ricotta, peppers, and most of all the veal tortillini. If youre looking to go out for Italian this might be one of the few places worth going if you're looking for a home cooked style meal.
On a whim we decided to try this lovely little place....

 When you walk in to the restaurant you are immediately transported to a very homey kitchen.  Mrs. Martino cooks everything on a six burner stove.  Everything we had was delicious.  I cannot wait to go back.  East Passyunk is one of my absolute places to go and this place makes it even better.
My wife and I went to Mr Martino's while visiting Philly for the weekend.  We chose this place because of the YELP reviews and it didn't disappoint.

I was a big fan of the bread served when we sat down, along with sun dried tomatoes and olive oil.  The gentlemen there, who I assumed was Mr Martino, informed us that the bread is baked in the area and delivered daily.  

We shared the fresh mozzarella and tomatoes appetizer which was great!  We both got the homemade tortellini.  I had the veal tortellini with a tomato gorgonzola sauce and my wife had cheese tortellini with tomato sauce and sausage.  The entrees were served in bowls that you would find at someones home, I liked that.  

I cannot remember what we had for dessert but it was very simple and tasty.

The atmosphere is very comfortable, a no frills type of restaurant, which is very refreshing.  You can bring your own bottle of wine, which everyone did except us.  Mr Martino is very outgoing and seemed to have known everyone there.  It seems that most everything is homemade.

When in Philly, we will return!
One of my favs in the South Philly Italian scene.  The owner is the nicest man, and often brings out food that his wife is making that he "think you will enjoy."  A very cozy place that makes you feel like you are eating in his house.
Packed on a Saturday night, happy vibe throughout.  What was good -- veal tortelloni in tomato-gorgonzola sauce to which I added a side of delicious sausage, two grilled links, yum. White bean soup only fair; beans tender, but broth a little too thin and light, expected a bit heartier. Wife's spinach ravioli VG.  Lemon tart nothing special, crust a little too hard. Not like any current restaurants I can think of, the old-fashioned atmosphere and the ubiquitous Mr. Martino make for a nice evening. Small, gets crowded, loud but good loud, it doesn't bother me and I don't like loud-loud places. Cash only.
I agree with Eug. S on pretty much every point, but I have a feeling that the specials haven't EVER changed - the balsamic (rosemary?) chicken is soooo succulent - thought maybe it had been made in an imu, kalua style.

I'll add a warning, leave the pretensions at home... This isn't a fine-dining experience in the sense of white linen table cloths and handsomely dressed staff.  The dining room is in the main shop of an old pharmacy.  It's eccentric and shabby-chic (maybe).  The clientele is a bit come-as-you-are.  The dining area can be tight when it's packed but I imagine it would be a bit lonely and intimidating if it were empty.  it's a very love-it or hate-it kind of atmosphere.  If you're relationship hinges on your mate's enjoyment of the night and you haven't had the time or simply not bothered to figure out whether they would find this kind of atmosphere intriguing or disgusting then don't risk it.  But it is very intriguing to me, and the food is quite good.
Very cute and cozy place. Food is delicious. Bring plenty of wine and be prepared to wait though as it is only one person in the kitchen!! The portions are not huge either, so don't go starving.
My wife and I have been going here for 20+ years. Beautiful ambiance filed with art and antiques. Great food at this BYOB. Perfect place for a relaxing dinner.
This is my favorite little spot in Philly; so charming and romantic. If the "specials" menu includes the Balsamic Chicken, make sure to get it! I usually have a rule of not ordering chicken out at restaurants because it's boring, but this is the best I've ever had!
I've lived 6 blocks from this place for almost 5 years, walked past it more times than I can count and yet, I never noticed it until my girlfriend took me here last weekend. Don't let its unassuming facade fool you. This place is the real deal. Everything about this place is just about perfect. Our waitress was friendly and knowledgable, the owner was charismatic and super-accommodating and the chef was a total master. From the relaxed atmosphere to the amazing food to the genuinely friendly people, spending time at Mr. Martinos was like being in another country in another time. My new favorite restaurant!
This is probably my favorite BYOB in the city. Every time I enter I feel like I am in a European cafe. The food is cooked to order so don't go here super hungry or impatient, this is not the place for you. Do come here for a romantic dinner or just to have a delicious dinner.  The host /owner is extremely gracious and makes everyone feel like they are special and appreciated. It's just a feel good evening with some yummy Italian.
Went here last night for dinner. I called around 6:30 to see if they had any reservations, and they did, so we got there around 7. We were seated immediately. The restaurant is SO cozy, you feel like you are in an old south philly house. The decor is on point and they sat us right next to the radiator which was great. We didn't order anything off the menu, only specials, which were perfect. We had some mushrooms with polenta and beans. The mushrooms had been marinated in wine for a day (I think) and that dish was delicious. My partner ordered the octopus (too adventurous for me, but he said it was great), and I got the spinach ravioli in a pumpkin sauce. Usually I'm only interested in savory dinner, but the sauce was just so perfect and light, and it complemented the ravioli so much. I didn't even need to put any cheese on it! I imagine whatever we would have ordered would have been perfect. The owner kept checking on us, he was very nice. The waitress was great as well. Can't say enough good things! Only problem was that I didn't save any room for dessert. That just means I'll have to go back. Two things to note- this place is super old school and cash only. Also, its a BYOB.
Aside from the great food, (well proportioned I might add) adorable atmosphere, and the fantastic notion that there's only one cook in the back, the pat on the back from Mark is why I go here so often. Mark is the always-friendly owner, host, wait-staff, and hob-knobber. He makes  his rounds, giving everyone a good pat on the shoulder while catching up with old pals. (you're an old pal if you've ever been once.)  And if it's a special occasion, you might just get a shot of frangelico to celebrate. 

The slow-pace is good for those of us that forget how dinner ought to be spent as well...and I have to add, the baked ricotta, green bean and cherry tomato salad is amazing. 

this place has perfected simplicity.
What earns this place my highest rating is the stellar desert so be sure to save room for homemade tiramisu or a to-die-for lemon tart. 

In terms of entrees what really impressed me was the Veal Tortelloni (tortellini in English). It had a very refined and delicate but bold and robust flavor. Extremely good. 

The staff was friendly and took the time to ask us about our dishes and our experience. You wouldn't know that everything besides the bread is cooked by one woman, alone, and you wouldn't know because it isn't reflected in the wait time. Our food came out within a reasonable time and it came out hot. 

I also really like the atmosphere and the decor. It's homey but professional.
Mr Martino's Trattoria is the anti-Starr restaurant.

A funky storefront location with old wooden tables, quaint decor, and a simple menu of basics makes for the opposite of the glitzy, shiny, loud and overpriced restaurants that have captured the market lately.  

Whenever you need an antidote to the overdone restaurant traps all around town, Mr Martino's Trattoria should fill the bill.  We had an appetizer each, two different entrees, and split a tiramisu for dessert a couple weekends ago.  Nothing spectacular, but all were good to very good, and the atmosphere and service made our dinner-for-two an enjoyable and even soul-warming time. Mr Martino -- if that is his name -- showed real concern that each of us were comfortable and satisfied. Not to diss the Starr restaurants in particular, but I have never had that feeling of authentic concern for the customer at any of them.

As other reviews have mentioned, it's BYOB and cash only.  Nor are the food prices marked up to make up for the absence of liquor revenue.  I think there was a $5 corkage charge, that's it, and I believe it's open only Fri-Sat-Sun nights.
Mr. Martino's Trattoria inhabits a space that used to be a hardware store many years ago. Upon entering you can see the aged wood and immediately get that this space has neighborhood history. Yes the menu is limited, but what they do, they do well, and there is comfort in knowing that a favorite dish will be there when you are in the mood. The baked ricotta dishes are lovely appetizers and the zucchini pesto pasta is a savory delight, at least for me. The owners are very friendly and the atmosphere feels like you are being welcomed into their home. Dining here can go slowly as everything is cooked to order, so with a bottle of wine or two and good company you can have a very leisurely and enjoyable meal. Dishes are reasonably priced with the bill generally averaging round $50 to $60 for two.
The ambiance and service was great but the portion sizes were extremely small. In most places the main course would be considered appetizer size or, side dishes. The flavor was very good so take that all into consideration when you come here.
Wonderful food, no-rush dining experience

We were introduced to this place by friends. We always thought the place was closed. It turns out that they only open in the weekend. The husband runs the dining room and the wife managed the kitchen. Very nice people to talk to.

The food was wonderful. I had the portabella and polenta for appetizer and sausage and polenta (yes, I was on a polenta kick for that day) for a main. Like u said the flavor was wonderful. My wife had the baked ricotta and sausage for appetizer and the pasta fagiole for main. Generally the food was great.

They get a pass on the fact that they abrupt cash only because they are open only on the weekend.
Finally got a chance to try this true South Philly gem hidden away on passyunk ave. All of the reviews I read came to life with this charming, comfortable and delicious dining experience! 

My boyfriend and I came on a Sunday evening without a reservation (I don't recommend as it is small inside but we took our chances). We were sat right away and made comfortable by the chefs husband and our waitress. We brought a bottle of wine (yay byob) and ordered the baked ricotta with asparagus, the veal tortelloni in Gorgonzola cream sauce and the spinach lasagna. And ate a lot of bread. Everything was delicious, perfectly portioned and reasonably priced.

You can tell each dish is made with love. It's a one woman show in the kitchen, so don't come here in a rush--this place is meant to be enjoyed. We finished our meal with an incredible house pudding and double espresso. Mmmmm.. can't wait to come back!
I want to give this place 3.5 stars but 3 it is. If I were basing this review on service alone it would get 5+++ stars. Our server was great, and Mark accommodated us last minute without a reservation. Not only that, but he is honestly the kindest person ever who came and talked to us at our table throughout our entire meal. That being said, it pains me to say that our meal was a bit underwhelming. The baked ricotta was Ok but I suppose I expected it to be warm/hot when it was actually cold? Maybe I'm just out of the loop but I think that's a deceiving name for a cold dish. The stand out dish was the veal tortelloni with Gorgonzola sauce. Our other pasta dish was just average. I really really wanted to love this place given that it's a small family run business and the people were great, but I just have to be honest when I say I've had much better Italian meals in Philly!
Something special comes this way....

At the age of 36 I found myself scooping up the sauce from the pasta dish with my spoon and sucking it down. This was in a crowded restaurant mind you but I could not help myself as I have tasted nothing like it before in regards to spaghetti sauce. The sauce was described by the waitress as a concoction that simply creates itself in the cooking ritual consisting of a plum tomato sauce - not sweet and sugarly like so many sauces that have come before it which effectively ruin the pasta meal - too sweet a sauce will take away from the elegance of the pasta.

Ordered the Octopus as an appetizer which was delicious along with the pasta with calamari. I have to say I was happy with my orders but a heads up the meal sizes are small so maybe do not choose this place if you are starving.

This Trattoria checks off all the boxes along with a great cup of Cappucino you can endulge in at the end of the meal. Very happy this place lived up to the hype and didn't break the bank account as this is a BYOB.
This restaurant is perfect. 

Quiet music, dim lighting, pleasant servers and delicious food. It feels like you're in a living room from 1945. I got the tortellini with sausage, which had to be the best sausage I've ever had in my life. For dessert, we had cappuccinos and tiramisu, which were both fantastic. 

This is a great atmosphere if you want a cozy date and are looking for a quiet, low-key dinner! (Also, you can't beat the prices)
Although not our first visit to Mr. Martino's, our most recent was a time when we had the opportunity to sample the most options so I thought it was time for a review!

Our party of 6 dined her for an early Father's Day celebration and everyone had a nice time. Although a little dark, the ambiance was nice and we instantly felt "at home". We LOVE that it's a BYOB--it gave us an opportunity to splurge on some dishes might might otherwise not have tried. 

Arugula Salads, two different Baked Ricotta dishes and a special Mushroom appetizer started off our evening. Each were delicious! We were a bit surprised that the "baked" ricotta was served cold but it was tasty nevertheless. The arugula salad is absolutely on of my favorite dishes and their homemade dressing is a staple in my kitchen!

For our mains, we had Cheese Tortellini with Pesto, Pasta with Marinara Sauce, the Balsamic Chicken and Pasta w/ Zucchini to name a few. Each were so yummy we passed forkfulls to one another so we could all have a taste. Everything tasted like a no-frills, home cooked meal made with love. Overall a great dining experience and a good choice for an intimate evening or a night of memory making.
My boyfriend and I love it here.  I will admit that the food takes forever to come out, however, that is what we enjoy about this place - the food is made to order by Mrs. Martino, she is the only person in the kitchen, making everything from scratch. Her husband, Mr. Martino is the host, he entertains the guests - making sure they are all ok and engaging in small talk.  I recommend bringing a few bottles of wine, sit back, relax, enjoy the atmosphere, and the oh so amazing bread and olive oil, and wait for a classic, authentic, fresh italian meal. To the people complaining about the wait time in the comments - Do you complain to your mother - or whomever is cooking your dinner at home - that dinner is taking too long to make? Sunday dinner at my house requires at least eight hours of preparation!
My family and I went for my father's birthday. Mr. Martino's is an old style BYOB, family run Italian restaurant. We arrived at 7:00 and ordered an appetizer and meal around 7:15. Appetizers hit the table about 20 minutes later and main course got there around 8:30. It takes a while for the food to come out because the chef is cooking for a restaurant full of people on six burners, but it's worth the wait! While the chef was in the back, her husband was working FOH, and he was very pleasant and efficient. Would highly recommend the mushrooms and polenta in the red wine sauce and the white bean soup! The bread is also delicious! Be patient for the food!
Mom was in town for the night. After we missed our dinner reservations that Sunday evening, I wanted to find something good, close by, and impressive. I am so glad we found this place, it is so perfect! I know my mom and I will come back here whenever she comes to visit. The building is absolutely gorgeous and the owners have preserved its history and original charm. The service was outstanding; really sweet people. We had the baked ricotta with sausage and olives; the octopus special; risotto with bay scallops; and a simple pasta with tomato sauce dish. Everything was simply perfect. Great menu with more than reasonable prices. BYOB and cash only - it was super convenient to run down the street to grab some wine from the Bottle Shop and use their ATM!
Walking into the restaurant I had high hopes. It's charming and the staff is extremely pleasant. With the owner in the front of the house and his wife in the kitchen, I was excited for some delicious food. Unfortunately it was not to be. I ordered a side of broccoli rabe and for my entrée, pasta with fresh plum tomato sauce. The greens were so over cooked I wouldn't have been surprised if they were canned. My pasta (penne) was covered in the most tasteless astringent tomato sauce I've had. Admittedly the pasta was cooked as I like it, al dente, but I was only able to eat it by first pushing the sauce off the pasta and eating it plain. What a disappointment.
It's fun to get a reservation and the interior is interesting but honestly it felt like dining in a themed cruise ship dining room. They do 2 seatings and it's very apparent when they want to turn your table if you are part of the first one.  Food was good not great service was fine and the owner was very gracious. I can say I have been would not make the effort to go back
Fantastic meal! The pace of the meal, service and food were everything u was hoping for. I was nervous after  reading some reviews, but it was a great experience.

We ordered the baked ricotta with string beans and tomatoes as well as the special with polenta, mushrooms and cannelini beans. I am a big polenta fan which also makes very particular about it and Maria, the chef, nailed it. The baked ricotta was also good but I preferred the polenta.

For entrees my group ordered cavatelli and zucchini tossed in fresh basil, spinach ravioli in a roasted red pepper sauce, veal tortelloni in a tomato Gorgonzola sauce, and cheese tortellini in a pesto sauce. We all tried everything. My favorite entrees were the ravioli in red pepper sauce and cavatelli and zucchini tossed with basil.

Lastly, I had tiramisu which was the best I've had since my grandmother was alive.
Not your typical dining experience in Philly (in a good way!). The restaurant is very cozy and the tables are pretty close to each other. It's only open on weekends + cash only. Not a place if you're trying to eat healthy (almost everything is pasta but not complaining!) 

Food:
Authentic homemade Italian. Our server mentioned that Maria, who we did not meet, cooks all the food. All the dishes were excellent. Portions much smaller then expected. No leftovers (minus some melted tart)
Octopus special - Seems to be a popular dish with Yelper's and this did not disappoint. The server said this was an entree however we ordered this as an app and shared. 
Veal tortellini - I'm not Italian - but I imagine if I had Italian grandparents this is what they would make. I struggled sharing a piece with my boyfriend.
Lemon tart - While tasty, a very small portion came out very melted. The server apologized for this and said that the kitchen was hot (still charged us).

At no fault of the restaurant our meal was slightly tainted by a customer at a table next to ours who was taking up way too much space and even resting her arms on our table getting a little too close to our food. If you like a lot of space when you're dining - maybe do not come here. (also who does this?!) 

Overall: Great for a date spot or I'd come back with family and friends, always love a great BYO!
Cozy Italian spot! Dimmed lighting and tight seating make it for an intimate dinner/date night. There are lots of wood finishing and antiques, which give it an old century vibe. Don't be in a rush - food took some time to get but it was worth it (would just suggest bringing 2 bottles of wine). Menu featured more traditional Italian dishes - somewhat limiting with mainly pasta options, but it was all delicious! Service was great, very informative and willing to make accommodations/recommendations. Definitely get the strawberry cake dessert!
Wow. My husband surprised me with a lovely romantic dinner here on Valentine's Day. From beginning to end we loved our experience. Our server, Terry, is just the sweetest girl, and Mark, the owner (who was also serving and busing) is a truly kind man who engaged us in conversation and came and brought out more bread for us after we had finished our meal because he joked that he didn't want to send back our plates (to his wife, the sole chef) with any leftover sauce.

The food was delightful. Between two people, we split the veal tortelloni; spinach ravioli with the special red bell peppers sauce; and the spaghetti calamari, plum tomatoes, and baby arugula. Flavor was great, and the pasta in each had a great al dente texture. A few things I didn't love, but are not stopping me from giving 5 stars:
 - I wish our bread came out warm
 - It was a little too dim for my liking
 - It was extremely packed and getting in and out of my seat (in the corner of the restaurant) was difficult

However, I think this little place is quite the charming restaurant for an evening out, and I'm so grateful we had the chance to dine on Valentine's Day--especially given it is open only Fri-Sun!
