I love this place! My favorite sushi place. The captain crunch roll is fantastic and the Philadelphia roll is always made perfectly. Their edamame is also delicious! Take out and sit in, both fresh and delicious.
From the health department report.....

36 Visible physical evidence of rodent / insect activity observed in the kitchen and basement food storage areas. Mouse droppings were observed in the kitchen on the floor along the walls and in the corners and in the basement on the floor along the walls and in the corners. Live roaches were observed on glue boards and floor along the walls and in the corners in the kitchen.

read the whole report
http://www.phila.gov/health/Environment/FoodSafetyReports.html
So we went for the all you can eat, which really is a misnomer. They will only bring out 3 orders at a time (so if you're getting nigiri, that's 6 pieces), and we waited anywhere from 45min to an hour for each order to come out. 

In all, we were there from 5:30 to 9, and had 3 orders of sushi each, some oversalted and extremely fatty galbi, and the free dessert. Service overall was pretty poor - we had to continually flag down the waitress to bring more tea and ginger, and water was never refilled. Apparently the waitress and sushi chef were too busy chatting to run a halfway decent restaurant.

As far as the actual food goes, it's decent but not the freshest. You get what you pay for I guess. The only way this place becomes manageable is if you treat it as a place to drink, with the option for mediocre sushi.
After hearing about this place for a year or so I finally had the chance to check it out. I went with 3 friends. We all got something different and we were all quite happy with our meals. 2 of the 3 friends I dined with have been here before so I knew I was in for a treat.

Sure the place is small, but it's not an uncomfortable small. 

The metal chopsticks are better suited for those who are comfortable using them, although they do have 3 lines on them, which do help for better gripping. At least they do have wooden chopsticks as another option for customers!

My meal was delicious, from the salad to the specialty rolls! I love the ginger dressing they use and the more, the better! The miso soup was great, full of flavor and not salty at all. The rolls were so great! I got a spicy Tuna, Avocado/Cucumber, Salmon/Avocado and as a treat I wanted to try the Tuna on Tuna. The rice on all the rolls were so tightly packed & the fish was so fresh. The Tuna on Tuna was wonderful. The tuna just melted in your mouth! It was like BUTTAH! I love my sushi, but I did notice a lot of other interesting things on tables around me! The tempura looked wonderful! 

I had a lovely experience here and will most definitely be back. I made sure that I grabbed a menu for delivery as well (hoping they deliver far enough!).
Don't get the "all you can eat" unless you plan on staying here until closing time because they take 1 hour in between your orders. Also there's a list of rules to this "buffet" including charging you 1 dollar for every piece of rice or sushi you leave, restricting you to 1 order of salt-saturated kalbi, and 3 orders(6 pieces of sushi total, or 3 rolls) at a time.

As for the quality of the sushi, its decent for philly standards but by no means is it impressive. 

Pro tip: complain bitterly about the service and you might get a free dessert out of it :)
Public Service Announcement: Mr. Sushi is the artist formally known as Makiman.
I know the former owner sold the biz some time ago so I guess they finally decided to ditch the famous Makiman name and go with Mr. Sushi (although the green awnings still say Makiman). I haven't been to this location in a while so I was surprised/confused but seeing that the menu is identical to what it once was, I scheduled dinner reservations for me and a couple girlfriends trusting that the former Makiman gods would take me to sushi heaven. 

So- this review is based on the sushi and not the 2 star service which was totally awkward and weird from the moment we walked in.  Our party arrived and I told them I had a 7pm reservation.  They looked at me like I was crazy and stepped back and forth several times not knowing what to do. I said again, reservation for 3 for Christina. Response? Deer in headlights. A girl walks over and says "reservation? that's weird."
"Why?", I asked. 
She said "Because we normally don't have many people here on Mondays." 
So what exactly are you saying, Deer? She confirmed no one took my information or wrote down my name. Cool.

Once we sat down our server greeted us and seemed very nervous. First day jitters? Maybe. I asked for the all you can eat menu and again I felt like I was in a mental institution because our server reacted like I asked for a unicorn to drink from the cup of Christ and sing show tunes. What is going on?? He said there was no menu for AYCE but said we could order from this part of the menu (pointing to maki and reverse maki rolls only). "No appetizer dishes on the AYCE menu?", I asked? He said no and stood there, staring blankly.  I asked again to see the AYCE menu and he mumbled a bit and said no we don't have menus.  One minute later he came back with three of them for our group. Is this the twilight zone? 

Once we began to order he seemed confused and another server/possibly manager came over to assist and eavesdrop. I asked for the Alaskan roll (which is pretty standard throughout the area to be salmon, cucumber, and avocado) but was informed they don't do it that way here and that EVERY sushi restaurant does it differently. Ok- maybe I'm wrong? No foul. We ordered and when our served repeated our choices back, two were wrong. As the old adage goes: " I can't even." Finally after correcting the misunderstanding- we got our sushi and it was spectacular - hence the 4 stars.  All fresh and every roll was a crowd pleaser- especially the Capt'n Crunch, Ex-girlfriend, and Kamikaze.

Lesson: awkward service doesn't mean bad food. Quality is key. Next time, Mr. Sushi? Please train your servers and take my reservation.
I am baffled by the 4-5 star reviews of this place. I came here with three other friends one night through someone's recommendation. I (as well as one other friend) thought the food was just awful, but the two others enjoyed themselves. Those two ordered stuff like caterpillar and dragon roll, so maybe you're better off if you order really basic (read: tempura) rolls.

Pros: 
-BYOB
-Cute interior
-Very nice staff. I almost feel bad writing this review

Cons:
-Sketchy location
-I ordered 6 piece sashimi. They gave me 5 piece nigiri. NOT THE SAME
-Fish was chewy and definitely not fresh
-Tried my friend's sunomono because she left it untouched. For good reason. Don't order it. 

2 stars instead of 1 just because the staff was so darn nice, and it really is a cute place (aesthetically) to bring a date. But as for the food, I'd rather eat at the Wendy's across the parking lot.
Best Sushi in the North East.  Service is fast and friendly.  Try the spicy pork Maki Man Burrito for an appetizer and the Sushi Regular for dinner.  If you like rolls I recommend the spicy tuna and sixers.

BYOB
I LOVE Makiman. Some of the best sushi I have ever had, and that's really surprising, considering it's in NE Philly. Haven't had anything bad here. I highly recommend the Capt 'n' Crunch roll and the Spider roll, and my absolute fave, the spicy salmon. Tempura is delicious, soup is great and green tea ice cream for dessert-bangin. Plus, the place is BYOB, and has all you can eat Mondays. Awesome awesome place.
I parked in the Wendy's parking lot. I'm not sure where you're supposed to park exactly. 

I had the lunch special. For $10 I got two rolls and miso soup. The rolls were yummy. The fish was fresh. It had a thin layer of rice so you aren't just eating rolls of rice. 

The prices here are very reasonable. They don't even have to advertise it as "half-priced" like most sushi spots around here. 

Awesome place. Will be my go-to spot for a quick sushi lunch in the area.
I was never a huge sushi fan.  It kind of goes back to when I was six and had some salmon and then...yada, yada, yada...I don't eat any seafood except for tuna fish from a can for the next 15 years.

Peer pressure from several directions got me past the whole raw fish gross out thing and now I actually enjoy sushi.  It's not often my first choice and I'm not usually the one to recommend getting it, but I'll go along and I'll happily eat my crunchy spicy tuna rolls or try some eel rolls because I'm adventurous like that.

Makiman is the exception.  I will suggest going there.  Often.  And now that they've got All You Can Eat on Mondays - rules and restrictions apply, inquire within - it's even better than before.

On my most recent visit, I started off with my standby spicy tuna roll, with spicy tuna and avocado, and one more risky (for me) roll: the Cap N Crunch.  This tempura roll has shrimp, which isn't my favorite, but it was outstanding.  In fact, we finished the night with another one because it was so good.  Also tried the Tropical (mango), Korean (kimchi), Tiger (white tuna) and Oshinko (pickled radish...interestingly good).

The staff is nice and the service is good.  Our waiter couldn't remember some of the ingredients in one of the rolls so he finished the description off with "meow, meow, meow" and went to find out.

When you're ordering the All You Can Eat, make sure you're hungry or ordering the more expensive rolls.  At $28/person, it would be easy to not get your money's worth.  And when you're done at Makiman, head across the parking lot to Custard's Last Stand.
Makiman Sushi is the ONLY PLACE to go for sushi/japanese food. They are hands down the BEST sushi place in all of PHILADLEPHIA.  Their fish is always fresh & tasty - they even smoke their own salmon!  The Cap'nCrunch roll rocks - when we go there we just order a bunch of those before placing our "real" order. They have a HUGE menu so i f you are not into sushi you have lots of other choices. SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT - they have this fried ice cream dessert which is ridiculous. It would be worth it to just go there for this!
We live local and decided to eat here after work yesterday. I haven't been here since it was Makiman Sushi. This is a BYOB. Iced tea was listed on the menu, yet they were out of it when we tried to order. 
I chose the steamed shrimp dumplings as an appetizer. This arrived quickly. The dumplings were tiny! The filling was so finely minced that I really couldn't differentiate any flavors at all.
I ordered the Shrimp and Scallop Teriyaki. This was served on a sizzling platter with a side of rice. I chose brown rice. This platter was odd. There were large chunks of potatoes and carrots included with the seafood. Strange. The carrot and potato chunks were barely cooked. They would have been more at home with a roast beef dinner, not a Japanese Teriyaki plate. The scallops and shrimp were cooked just right though. My boyfriend had California Roll, which he said was meh.
Staff was polite, service quick, prices average. Restaurant was a tad shabby, especially the restrooms. Would probably not return.
My go to place to 'roll'  
Thanks for turning the channel to NBA my husband is very happy. Lol
sooooooo im pretty much obsessed with Makiman. No sushi in the area comes close.  From prices, to staff, to quality- this place is a hit. OH and it tops off at 5 stars because comparable places aren't BYOB. Makiman IS! Ive had basically every roll on the menu and never get tired.  too lazy to get off your butt and make it out to get delish sushi? yea, you can thank little baby jesus that Makiman is there to save your gluttonous salivating self- they DELIVER. and fast.  
favorites are the Captain crunch, raw Viking, kamikaze, and Katzu rolls. 

trust me.... im the dutchess :)
I thought I'd step in and have lunch since in all honesty I hadn't been in for some time when I wrote my review. This place a stillllllllllllllll ROCKS!
This place is a calm rock in the middle of a really busy intersection. Overall, impressed with everything I ate. The wait service was very nice and the sushi bar is visible to watch the sushi chefs create the wonderful deliciousness you are about to consume! On mondays, there are all you can eat sushi nights. My friends and I tried 7 or so rolls as well as the unagi bi bim bop. The fish tastes fresh, and the quality is good (no stringness, and the cuts of fish are good). The sushi was sturdy, meaning when I picked it up with my chopsticks, the whole thing didnt fall to pieces, which I hate hate hate about low quality places. My favorite here is the unagi bi bim bop in the hot pot, phillies roll, as well as the capn crunch roll.

Overall a good experience, and I am sure to return.

minus one star for being a little pricey.
When one lives in the suburbs - even close in suburbs like Wyncote it's just a given that few restaurants are as good as in the city - even if a place is actually in Philly.

Makiman is an exception.We have been eating here for years and they are consistently good - from sushi and sashimi to tempura, seaweed salad (hyper yum!).

They have a roll they call valentine that's shaped like a heart and made with pink soy wrappers rather then nori.  My wife can't stand nori but loves valentine and other things in soy wrapper so this might be a good deal for those who don't like nori and think they don't like sushi...

In the winter they have (I guess all year but I just eat it in the winter) Bi Bim Bop in a stone pot which is great because you get a lot of different stuff (beef, an egg, veggis etc) in one dish and the hot pot makes the rice that is in the bottom of the pot nicly crispy.

Service is always fine and it's BYOB.  I think that while it might not be Sagami it's very good and woth many visits.
Located between a dunkin donuts and a Wendys, you would not expect to find great sushi place, but alas there lies Makiman. Not only is this place great sushi, but its BYOB and has friendly servers.

I made the mistake of ordering a pick up order from a number I found on their website and turns out it was their other location! Needless to say they were happy to get my order made again and call the other place to let them know. 

Definitely order:
The Mexican Roll - it's sweet, crunchy and perfect
The Nutty roll - it's crispy, nutty and smooth
The Shrimp roll - It's simple fresh

You can skip:
The Makiman Fries - unless you are completely hungover, way too greasy
The Seafood platter appetizer - Also very greasy, small portions and not worth the price

The only reason I don't give them the full 5 stars is bc they are a bit pricey ($12 for a small fusion roll) and they do take a long time bc it's usually busy and only 2 chefs.  With that said, get here, there's parking too!
I've got to hand it to Makiman for some efficient service.  

I drink a lot of water with dinner.  I might as well be trying to drown my food just to make sure the animal aspects of it won't come back to life and try to do some damage to my internal organs as a last act of vengeance(and I do realize this makes even less sense in the context of seafood but bear with me).  Even at my ridiculous water-consumption rate, the server never let the glass get any less than half full.  She did an amazing job.

The sushi was really delicious and very reasonably priced.  Tack this fact onto the fact that it is a BYO and you've got a winning combo.

Their rainbow roll is very tasty.  The shrimp tempura maki is easily on par with Center City establishments.  The Cap'n Crunch roll was...silly.  In all honesty, it did not blow me away.  The salmon and tuna sushi were rockin'.

I tried the green tea tempura ice cream and I've got to say, they overdid the strawberries on top.  It was a little overwhelming.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this establishment is Iron Man.
My initial reaction to the exterior was that it looked a bit seedy, however, the inside did not disappoint. The AC was on blast and the restaurant was relatively quiet and very relaxing. 

The food is reasonably priced, and very good!! The menu is extensive and well put-together, and even has pictures to go along with everything. The waitresses are extremely friendly and are not overbearing. I have been to this spot a couple times already, and I'll definitely be coming back! :)
So I am learning that there are not of Yelpers in my neck of the woods...which as I walk the neighborhood streets is easy to see ;-) Anyway, i can't believe I am the second person to review this place and that in fact the last review was 2yrs ago! 

Well friends, let me assure you that however good they were before, they are just as good or better. I am a newbie to Philly and can't declare this "The Best" (yet) but I am no stranger to sushi and I like this place a lot. 

The staff is very friendly, the owner (and I am sorry to forget his name) is a cool guy and excellent chef. I like to sit there at the bar and tell him to hook me up. I'm never disappointed!

My only knock on the place would be there is no liqueur license and I like to have a sake and Sapporo with my sushi...but I could bring my own if I wanted...anyway, oh and sometimes the Muzak gets out of place, but very minor complaints

OHHHHH, and they deliver, which I have yet to order ( I like hanging there too much) but I do see their truck making runs all the time so I know it's popular with the locals.
Walked in and smelled that "ewwww-fish" scent.  Granted, this is a sushi place.  But you shouldn't be smelling fish when you walk in.  This was the first strike.

A few other tables were seated and orders taken before we even got water.  We waited close to 15 minutes just for the water.  And then once we got our water, it took awhile for them to come by for our order.  By that time, a few other orders were taken, and it took awhile for our order to be made.  Strike TWO.

The food quality was meh.  We ordered 6 rolls.
- Sunburst: our favorite.  VERY Good.
- Shrimp Tempura maki - good.
- Eagle: meh.
- Valentine: very nice presentation.  kinda dry.
- Blind date: not a date I'd write home about.
I can't remember what the last roll was.  nothing special about it.

We didn't order dessert.

For the two of us, the cost was $60 with tip.  We were full, but we didn't enjoy the experience.

Why the two stars?  Because I liked the interior and the menu.  And they did have nice presentation.

We were hoping to find more redeeming traits for this sushi digs close to home.  Alas, after much thought, the consensus is that we'd rather drive up to Shogun on Street Rd than come back here again.
I tried calling my normal sushi places, but all of them were closed because of the covid-19, but this place was open so I figured I'd give it a try. I got a garden salad and 3 rolls. There was a dead ant in the salad and I was super disappointed because I was excited and I always enjoy a garden salad with the ginger dressing. I got a shrimp tempura roll, salmon tempura roll, and spicy crab roll. The  shrimp tempura and spicy crab rolls were small. Spicy crab wasn't what I was expecting, it was plain and different. The salmon tempura was super dry. I will not be back again. I had high expectations from the reviews, but I was disappointed.
Amazing food and good delivery service! Let me tell you, take-out hits soooo different when you've had nothing but rice at home for half a year because of quarantine.

I ordered both Tempura Udon and Bibimbap for me and my mom! The Udon was truly filling...I even gave my mom a small bowl of some because she wanted to try it AND I shared like half of my tempura with her so I essentially didn't even eat the entire portion, but my GOD I was so full after!! I can't even imagine eating the entire course. I wanted to go into a food coma. The meal had so much. The side salad with ginger dressing was good! The udon soup was very flavorful, albeit a bit salty. The tempura was great!! Hits my cravings for Japanese food satisfyingly. :)

Loved everything!! Large portions for what you pay for. I used Grubhub, got it very quickly on a Sunday and the food was piping hot and freshly made. Awesome place. :)
This place is 30 minutes from me without traffic. However, I decided to take the 45 minute drive to pick up lunch from there because I tasted my sister's sushi and LOVED IT. I was not a fan of sushi before. I had my boyfriend drive me all the up to Oxford Ave just to get me two rolls of ex-girlfriends and 1 shrimp tempura roll. I'm not proud to say I almost ate all three rolls. That means something coming from a person whom wouldn't touch sushi a year ago.
I went here last night to meet a friend who lists this restaurant in her "to go to" sushi places. The menu looked extensive and the prices looked great. We started dinner with salad and miso (both of which were included in the boat that we ordered). The salad is the typical sushi house salad with the citrus dressing that there is always too much of. The miso, while very cloudy and beige in appearance, was very flavorful.

The boat came out and was stuffed with food. We ended up getting the part boat 1 with a sashimi deluxe and an eagles roll. As I started eating a little bit of disappointment started creeping in. The tuna was fatty (and not in a good fatty tuna way) and everything had skin on it, even the salmon. The rolls were huge and unique and you definitely got a lot for your money.

The finale of the evening was 3-4 star worthy and that was the green tea tempura ice cream. I was expecting like chi-chis fried ice cream but this was so much better. Thick tempura layer with yummy melty ice cream and strawberries - oooh I could honestly go back just for that.

So to recap - not the best sushi ever, rolls were fair to good, but ice cream was awesome.
I've ordered from this place about 25 times in the past 3 months alone but have yet to step foot into the actual restaurant. So my review stands on delivery, phone service and prices alone! Just sayin'

Phone service is great, you tell them your address once, and given that your phone number doesn't change, they know you for life. (or for.. the past few months that I've called). No hassle about paying with card over the phone, and delivery is quick - 30 to 35 min.

The food is awesome. I usually get the sashimi regular, on really really fricken good days I'll get a sashimi deluxe. I've also tried sushi regular/deluxe, the pick your own (3 of your choice) rolls, and some appetizers. They've all been great.

I'm starting to move away from their sushi just cause the sashimi comes with a side of rice, and the fish seem fresher, thicker, juicer, etc. mmmmm, mmm. All of these meals also come with soup and salad, and duh, soy sauce and ginger.

The tempura was a bit soggy by the time it reached me, but that's alright - it's expected.

The prices.. are okay. For the quality of sushi, I won't complain. I'm sure there are some delivery fees assessed as well. Though I will say that I only order Makiman when I'm in the mood to 'treat myself' .. to a $25 dinner. (which apparently is damn often, sheesh)

I am a fan!
If you know me, then you must be well aware that I love sushi joints. 

My friends and I took a random trip down to Philly for lunch since we were in the area and we stopped by Makiman mainly because Yelp was saying that it was a decent place.

We walk in and the place is kinda small. Sushi bar in the front of the place but then it opens up to a decent-sized dining room all decked out in traditional Japanese decor. It's a pretty overall cozy vibe though.

I get the Lunch Sushi Deluxe Special (I'm a poor college kid so anything that says "special" is gonna catch my eye) and it was pretty good! It was an assortment of California rolls with 8 pieces of nigiri. Some of the nigiri was pretty chewy, but apart from that it was actually really good! Very fresh, cut precisely, and slightly melt-in-your-mouth.

Oh and the best part? It's BYOB. Conveniently enough my friend was carrying a giant bottle of wine when we found and she promptly slammed it on the table demanding wine glasses.
Just okay. While my coworkers raved to me about this place a few days ago, I was not super impressed. I came in today and ordered take out for lunch. Since I wasn't sure if I would like their version of chicken tempura rolls I only ordered one roll which was 5pcs. 

It was just okay. The chicken was a bit dry and I did not like the cucumbers/veggie mix they had within the roll, I do not like cucumbers. The portion was a bit small also for almost $9. 

It was nice they had parking however and the staff was kind. Pretty sure I won't go back.
Tried Makiman last night, and I've found my new favorite sushi spot! We decided to drop in on Valentine's night and literally every table in the place was reserved. Luckily there were 2 seats open at the sushi bar. Although the place is small, I was impressed that so many people had made reservations. During the hour we were there, at least 10 people came to pick up take out orders. To me, these things are signs of a solid restaurant with loyal customers. 

We decided not to do the all you can eat sushi because it was kind of expensive ($27pp) and not worth it for me who only eats three rolls usually. As many Yelpers suggested, we tried the Captain Crunch Roll... soo happy we did. It was AWESOME. Totally different and delicious flavor. All of our rolls were fresh, well made, and tasty. I couldn't have been happier. My husband got the tempura, which was kind of greasy for my liking. 

Although the place was really busy, our servers were attentive. My only complaint is that I ordered the tuna/avacado roll ($6) and they gave me the tuna on tuna roll ($12), but I didn't complain. In fact, the tuna on tuna was so good that I'm kind of glad they made the mistake since I wouldn't have ordered it otherwise. Overall, I had an awesome meal and cannot wait to go back.
We were looking for a restaurant close to home that we haven't tried and came upon Makiman Sushi. Thanks to the yelpers who gave it good reviews we chose to give it a try.

Our fellow yelpers didn't let us down. Makiman is very small (about 12 tables total) but has great food and service. Steve had the chicken teriyaki which came in a sizzling plate with vegetables and a plate of white rice on the side. I went for the 3 roll combo meal (I don't remember what it was called) and picked the California rolls, the Spicy tuna rolls and left the third choice to our waitress. It ended up being Eel. Steve thought I was crazy for letting her pick but actually really enjoyed the eel rolls.
This will probably be my go-to sushi spot in Northeast Philly. It's convenient, the food's okay, and the fish seems pretty fresh. Of the two times I've been here, I noticed they have way more take-out orders than they do dine-ins. So even if you walk in and it looks empty, notice how the kitchen and sushi bar are constantly churning out to-go orders, meaning high turnover rate on the fish.

//Food\\
The first time I tried this place, I didn't expect much. I was pleasantly surprised that their menu has some interesting rolls, and they served fresh tasting fish. They give nice thick slices of sashimi, which is about $1-$1.50 more than the nigiri sushi, depending on the fish. The place is Korean-run, so they also have some Korean menu items, but I haven't tried those. Also can't comment on kitchen items since I only ordered sushi. 

The rolls are mostly just okay. Nothing amazing. They also need to give more consideration to mouth texture. Like the Raw Viking, it's a big roll, so the texture is very noticeable. It's spicy tuna and avocado inside with salmon and tobiko on the outside with nothing to give it body or crunch, so it just chews like a giant roll of mush. A few of their rolls had this texture problem.

//Space\\
I noticed this place years before I ever tried it. I was always curious but never tried it because I just judged the food based on the outside. It's on a small, unattractive lot with an inconspicuous exterior and next to a Wendy's. So if you've seen this place on passing and thought the same, try going inside. It's a nice surprise.

You walk in, go up the steps, enter through another door and first see the sushi bar, then you turn right to the dining area and all of a sudden it's this charming blond timber dining area with a window. It's a totally different feel from the stark grimness of the outside lot. They could wipe off the soy sauce from some of the walls and switch some of the photos that came in the frames for actual photos/prints, but that would just be a bonus. Overall it's small, but you still have the option of sitting at the bar or at a table.

//Service\\
Service was okay. I think maybe we got a shy waitress. Overall, no one was overtly friendly, but they weren't rude either. They did their job, made sure our orders were right.

If you live in the Northeast, I definitely think you should give it a try, whether it's takeout or dine-in.
Thought their site says they deliver within 3 miles, I called for delivery (being 2.9 miles according to Google Maps) and was informed the driver doesn't feel like driving to my neighborhood. Thanks so much. Maybe they should update their delivery standards to say, "within three miles, if we like your neighborhood or feel like it."
Sushi is my favorite food and I kid you not when I say I can eat it everyday... as a matter of fact, this is the second time this week I ate out from Mr. Sushi. 

Mr. Sushi is hands down the best sushi restaurant I have ever had that is completely worth it at its price.... it is so affordable for such amazing quality. I have numerous other sushi places in Philly, but by far Mr Sushi is the one restaurant I always am craving every week. Honestly at this rate, they should give me a rewards card for the amount of times I have ordered and eaten there lol! 

I recommend ordering the Make Your Own Makimono combo. It comes with salad, miso soup, and three rolls from the hoso/reversed maki list. The rolls are always so nice and the perfect size- I have always had the same consistent size and taste with the rolls. The fish is always so fresh and SO flavorful. Their Kamikaze roll, Raw Viking roll, and Ex-Girlfriend rolls are my top three favorites! Their menu also has a tasty variety of asian fusion foods- I noticed they have some Japanese/Korean style foods such as Tuna and Salmon Bimbipap. 

I don't believe their dining room is currently open for dine in atm but they have an excellent Takeout system (we never did delivery since it is a short drive away). Always have had a quick and friendly experience eating at the restaurant and for take out. Do yourself a favor and try this place!
Came here for lunch with my coworker who is a regular here.  She gave a glowing recommendation and I was not disappointed.

I had a 76ers roll which was very tasty, and we shared some "quesadilla-like" flat noodles which were very good.  My coworker had never had it before, and like it a lot.

I would come back here anytime.  Small place.
Humble exterior is nothing super impressive.  Interior is smallish but I've never waited for a seat.  Service is excellent.  Sushi is fresh, well-made, and moderately priced.  After the initial visit I visited four or five times in a month.  Great specials for lunch and some great roll options.  Good spot, great staff, excellent sushi.
Def go to Makiman if you're in north east philadelphia. No other sushi place could beat this place!
This restaurant is delicious for lunch.  The restaurant is not closed for business.
Terrific lunch and I ate lunch there on 6/27/16.  Not sure why Yelp indicated it was closed.   Change it!
I like sushi and I like good service and I get that here.  I have nothing bad to say about this place.  Its cute and small and personal with great service....come on lets go here again
Best sushi joint in NEphilly- I just love this place as I live around the corner and have been coming here for years- it's on the smaller size but it's never been an issue for me. There is no way I could see anyone being disappointed here - 5 stars all day from me!!! They take custom sushi orders too - highly recommend it!
We sat at the bar. We wanted to. We were able to watch our sushi being made! Always fun to watch! The sushi chef is a pro (joey) he didn't even use a roller (not from my recollection at least!) we ordered the mcnabb, eel with eel sauce, tempura deluxe, captain crunch with spicy tuna on top (sunrise roll?) and spider roll! Joey and his assistant were so nice! He conversed with  us and even gave us a modelo to sip on AND offered us a corona after! Pretty swell! I'd go back and back again! Service was awesome!
I love Makiman Sushi! It's great that such a great sushi restaurant exists in Northeast Philadelphia. The atmosphere is great for a nice quiet night out. They also have takeout and their delivery is super fast. I think it takes them longer to drive to my house than it does to make the sushi. The Capt n' Crunch roll is out of this world. I highly recommend it!
I enjoy coming to Maki man for lunch. The lunch specials are reasonably priced for the area. The food has always been fresh and tasty. The service is ok. I get the feeling that the employees are not happy or do not want to be at work. The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated. 3.5
First time eating sushi, it was a good experience! 3 stars because I'm huge on customer service. Even though there isn't any negative to say just expected more attention from staff, since it was a Tuesday night and we where the only ones in there. Bill ran over $100 for 3 adults and 1 child. Yet server only came once after taking our order.
You know, it's hard to get the great food you find in Center City anywhere else. Philly is a foodlover's dream when it comes to good eats and unique experiences when it comes to your dining, but it obviously dries up outside of downtown.

Makiman is a pleasant treat, as one wouldn't expect to find great sushi in the folds of the NEast, but it's there. The sushi is most definitely on par with most of the offerings you would find downtown, and the prices are in line with that as well. What? You think just cause they're located around piddly ol' Five Points they'd be cheap? You pay for quality, my friends, and the sushi is definitely of good ilk in this place.

Oh, and the fried ice cream? It's the shit, definitely get that to sate that southern desire for all things fried.
I love this place, usually drove by there and thought to myself... "eh it's too tiny to be ANY good at all... in a sort of shady neighborhood".

I love the decor of the place, it's very spacious with lots of seating for being a small place. Also really enjoyed the food and the wait staff was excellent.

It's a great place to bring friends when you don't know where to eat, which is what I did. :)
My favorite sushi restaurant in Philly! :D

I've tried many sushi restaurants and Makiman is hands down the best I've been to. When it comes to sushi, I'm very anal about the rice/fish ratio, as well as the quality of fish (note: I love me some raw fishes). Nothing piss me off more than getting a roll with ton of rice and a pathetic amount of fish. But for Makiman, every maki and roll is packed with the freshest ingredients and you can definitely tell where'd every penny went to. The decor of this place isn't very exciting but it's definitely clean and cozy! 

My typical order would be Tuna Nachos for appetizer (amazing) and Pete's roll - if you've never tried white tuna, this is a must! Recently I've tried their Tuna-on-Tuna roll - the combination of fresh tuna and avocado is simply delicious, I died. It was so good that I wish I didn't have to share it with my friend. 

However, I took off one one star because their desserts are a let down. I've ordered fried ice cream on different occasions and they always came out mushy and not so fresh, as if they've made it for hours and just let it sit in the freezer. Not to mention the green tea ice cream they used taste like soap...so not worth the money you're paying for. The mochi ice cream is good, but I'm quite certain they're purchased from the Asian super markets because I used to buy them too but now they're becoming harder to find in the freezer isle. 

Overall, I really like Makiman and I'll continue to go there for my sushi cravings! The one located in center city is equally good too!
My go to Sushi spot from when they were actually called Makiman. The sunburst roll will always bring me back. It's delicious fresh and BYOB. Free parking and good service...what more could you possibly ask for. Just yummy.
I've been living in Foxchase for 10-11 years now and never step foot into Makiman sushi until last saturday.  I heard good things about it but always passed by this place.  Good sushi, service was catering, place is cozzy and cute, location is okay (they do have parking so thats good), and prices are affordable.  I got the sixers roll which was awesome, my girlfriend and I split 5 rolls, she had a ginger salad and I had a miso so which all came up to $56.  Pretty cheap!

I totally reccommend this place. I will be coming to this place more often now that I have finally tried it AND it down the street from my house! Can't beat that :)
I was totally convinced if I want to have decent sushi, there is no way on earth it would ever exist in NE Philadelphia. Until now! Four stars for being a decent sushi place in this neighborhood. They have a good variety of sushi rolls and a good menu of lunch specials. A small bonus is that they offer brown rice in their bento box for lunch.

Very good service, the waitress was very catering to our needs, especially as we didn't have a babysitter, we brought our 1 year old niece with us. They don't have baby chairs, as I don't think this is somewhere you'd really want to bring your kid to dine out at. The restaurant is small and cozy.

My sister in law took me to this hidden gem, and I really loved the fact that the sashimi is something that I can eat as it seem of decent quality without having to travel all the way to Collingswood NJ for Sagami. Any other sushi place in Northeast Philadelphia does not come close. Now please don't compare this to what you would get in Japan/California/other places you can think of that is really far away or something, bc if you are going to say that, then just go there instead?
Valentine and ex-girlfriend rolls  I was pretty hungry (after spending a week in Europe, I was craving a nice filling meal) and could barely finish these! Also- the tuna nachos are delish. nice atmosphere good service good food- our go-to sushi place in the Northeast.
The place used to be better, last couple of times it has gotten worse.  Ikea furniture is not the most comfortable thing invented for restaurants, metal chopsticks are hip, but don't do a good job delivering food into my mouth (had to ask for wooden ones).

They do not seem to have a professional sushi chef there, but their rolls are great.  If you are looking for some flavorful creations, the place is for you.  If  you are looking for classic Japanese fare, there are better spots within 10 minute drive.

The prices do not reflect the quality, you are paying there more for the oomph, not for the food.
You ever bite into some sushi and feel like you're riding a dragon under the warm summer setting sun!? No? Well come eat some of this sushi! It's so good! I don't love around the area but I travel to this place anytime of the day because it's so delicious! The price is fair. Nice chill atmosphere and great service!
One of the better sushi shops in the NE Philly area. I love their captain crunch roll and the wide variety of rolls that they have here. But the price is sooo expensive. For the amount I usually pay I should hope to get a soup or salad or something but I guess when you are the best in the area you can afford to charge more.
Great local place. Stopped with kids for quick dinner. We ordered dumplings and agedashi tofu to start, followed by several rolls, chirashi, and a bowl of udon soup. All was great. Kids enjoyed and are sometimes picky. Great casual place, reasonably priced. Would come back again!
Oh Makiman, words cannot express how much I love this place.

I've been coming here for years with my family and we cannot get enough of it. Their fish is super fresh and crazy good. 

Some of my favorites:
Seaweed salad with salmon skin- always fresh and the crunch of the salmon skin .. drooool
Sixers roll- If you're a tuna lover, this is your roll
Caterpillar roll- My "go to" when I'm in the mood for some eel & avocado. 
Fried green tea ice cream- need I say more?

They also have a option called "Choose your own" and you get to pick 3 rolls, salad, and miso soup for $17. Awesome deal! The hweduhbbab is a little small, for people who want the spicy rice with sashimi. 

This place is BYOB, so if you want to drink, bring it and they'll give you a bucket of ice and glasses for ya. It's also a small place, so if you plan on bringing a big group, be sure to make reservations.

LOVE LOVE LOVE! And now they have a place in Center City! WHOO!
This used to b a great place to get sushi. I dont know if new management is the cause but Makiman has gone down a dirty slope into fishy hell. Service sucks. Food arrived cold. Tuna smelled like dead kittens.

Want good sushi?

Check out Ooka.

Like it Raw? Want to die?

Eat dead kitten tuna and say hello to Satan for me.
I signed up for this website specifically to rave about this restaurant!  By far, the best sushi restaurant in the city of Philadelphia.  

The quality of the ingredients is high, the menu offers a variety of options (as many cooked choices as raw), the service is great and the atmosphere is wonderful.   The value is unbelievable;  I usually order 2 large rolls and an avocado salad which comes to about $25.  We all know that would run about $40 in Center City.  Plus its a BYOB!  

P.S. They do have access to the parking lot attached, but its limited.  Carpool and you won't have any problem :-)
Wanted a sushi restaurant close by me and found this place on yelp. I was very disappointed. The waitress was not friendly or too helpful with explaining the menu. I was the only person there so I don't know why it took her so long to come to my table and honor my requests (such as water refill). I had the ex-girlfriend sushi which was not bad. For the price the sushi is not worth it. Their lunch special sucks and does not give much variety. ""Assorted sushi" means, the chef gives you whatever he wants (whatever they have to get rid of).  I will not go back to this place.
Such an unexpected gem in the midst of the NE Philly jumble!! Be careful, this place is easy to miss! The restaurant is small but cute and has a modern and young feel to it. Sushi is moderately priced and they have some of the best sushi I've had in Philly. Lots of variety in rolls and apps...salmon skin seaweed salad is a MUST. It's also BYOB which is always great ;-).
My favorite sushi spot, hands down. Tempura ice cream and the almond chicken is my absolute fav! Service is pretty quick whether it's dine in or take out.
Thank goodness this is one of the best sushi places I've ever tried because it's about a stone's throw from where I live! (read: I eat here often enough to go broke)

Their seaweed salad is great. Their salmon skin salad is even better.
Edamame is a standard.
I'm not a big fan of miso soup so I won't tell you their's isn't good.

The cap'n crunch roll is always in my order. So good. Trust the reviews.
This last time I got a sixers roll (shrimp tempura/spicy tuna) and it was love. As is the shrimp tempura roll, caterpillar, and the spider.

I mostly get takeout so I can't comment on service but the staff seems friendly. My only complaint is it's $$$. A given for sushi, I guess.

The one thing I think is silly is these crazy ONE POINT coupons they give. I end up tossing mine and never being able to save up the 40 points or whatever you need for whatever the prize is.
Hey, Makiman, offer something better for those who love you!
Overrated for 4 stars. Heard about this place on Instagram and it looked delicious. I got the bulgolgi bento box and the meat was not too good. I also had to get a sushi roll to try this place out and it wasn't too good either. This place is okay but I wouldn't come back. There weren't many people there during lunch on a Saturday. The place is near Dunkin donuts And Wendy's. There's a parking lot in the rear and next to it but you have to park in the rear because the one next to it is for Wendy's... 3 stars it is
I love it here! My husband and I were looking for a sushi place when we moved to the NE and I didn't really have high hopes. We tried Makiman after reading the yelp reviews, and I have to say this place is awesome. It's BYOB, which is always a plus, the restaurant itself it clean, bright and great for a date or for a group. The sushi tastes fresh and delicious. I would say it's one of my favorite sushi restaurants ever. The service is great, the people who work there are friendly and we always have a fun time when we go. Parking is a little weird, but other than that it's wonderful.
Really enjoyed the food here. I had the teriyaki beef, shrimp tempura and dumplings. All made perfectly and flavorful. My friend ordered a variety of sushi and although i didn't try any it looked amazing!! Restaurant space is clean and service is good too, i recommend it!
Best sushi in Philadelphia! Staff is always pleasant. Sushi is affordable and fresh. Always consistent, never disappoints!
Best sushi and shrimp tempura I've tried in this vicinity. I took one star off because the last time I ordered the sushi rolls were smaller than usual but I understand costs have increased. They always get the order right and they are super fast without jeopardizing quality. I usually get ex girlfriend, lobster wasabi, and a few other rolls. Also, if you like tempura, try it here because it's VERY GOOD: The shrimp/veggies should be battered lightly (not too thick) and Mr Sushi gets this right!!! The crunch when you bite into it is amazing. My dad craves it like once a month and the dinner portion size is more than enough for 2-3 people.
Ordered two weekends in a row and it was delicious. Very quick delivery. They quoted me 30 minutes and it came in 15. Both times they also did contact free delivery. Knocked on the door and was in his car waiting to make sure I got my food.
I have dined in, ordered takeout and delivery from Mr Sushi for a couple of years now. It is the only good sushi place around Northeast Philly and the only place I would order sushi from in the area. 

Personally, I only order sushi here. The fish always tastes fresh and the sushi is always consistently good, especially for the price. The lunch specials are always a great deal and any of the sushi combinations for dinner are good options.
My wife and I just ordered delivery it was great everything was delicious and fresh. Thanks so much for staying open. The only thing we didn't get was the paper menu I asked for lol  but the food was first rate I think I found my new favorite sushi  delivery. Thanks again 
Sorry no pictures of food was devoured  as soon it got here lol
Parking is awful.
Takes too long. 
Dirty.
Service is bad. 
Expensive.
Not good. 

Did I sum it up for you?  If not:  GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!
I ordered pretty late before closing so I'm assuming they just threw everything together in a rush to get it over with. I spent $40 on 3 rolls & their was 4 pieces of two & only 2 for the last one. Very small portions & the rolls crumbled & unraveled as I went to eat it. It wasn't the best tasting.. Delivery got to me quickly though. I wouldn't order again, $40 for 10 pieces of grocery store tasting sushi smh.
Great food and fast service. I go for the California Rolls and the Rock Shrimp. Everything is always super fresh. Also, the Shrimp Tempura is a must!
Ate there today with my wife and daughters- they clearly forgot to put our order in after 50 minutes of sitting there no food I complained to the waitress and completely dismissed me.  Don't bother asking for a manager there isn't one.  We paid out bill and left and will not return.
