Service has been on the decline for my last few visits but I've continued to defend. Unfortunately, they hit a new low today and I can no longer endorse...

Five of us arrived for dinner. We each ordered a few rolls and I also ordered a small plate. When they were ready, the rolls were dropped off at the table without explanation. It appeared they were organized by the individual ordering, so this wasn't a problem. My roll did not appear to come, but I had my small plate.

I asked and they said it would be out shortly, so we all started eating. More then a few minutes later, they came and told me my roll had been delivered with someone else's rolls. I said that is a problem since I'm not going to pick off another plate during covid and further they had mistakenly eaten one or two. They said I could reorder, so I did.

Fast forward to the bill, and to my surprise I was charged for both rolls. When I raised the issue, they told me "someone ate it" and initially refused to remove it. I stood my ground, continuing to explain I'm not paying for their mistake. While they eventually remove the $6 item from our over $100 bill, their approach lost me.

Please understand, you can see from my check-ins I frequent new leaf. They have mixed up orders, double charged our cards, and provided a plate that was nearly all onion and I defended them. No more...
fresh sushi
tasty food
best cocktails
nice servers
kind people
thank you for opening one great chinese and Japanese on main st. LOVE the FOOD soooooo much. i thought it is ganna be a problem for parking. i have been here about 4times，always can find a spot next to new leaf 2.
Really awesome happy hour.  Fairly decent sushi.  Nice all around selection.  Awesome staff.  There you have the heart of my review.  

Happy Hour: 4 to 6pm. Rolls are dirt cheap.  Drinks flow.  They also have street food and dumplings on HH special too.  I love the Lychee Martini and usually get it and 3 rolls or 2 rolls and a dumping (I recommend the fried shrimp dumplings).  I've had sake from time to time and while a nice HH deal, it usually isn't for me.

Sushi:  Besides the HH rolls, they have the usual sushi/sashimi offerings and a selection of specialty rolls.  I won't say they have the best sushi I've ever had, but they clearly have the best sushi on Main Street Manayunk.

Selection: Don't worry, if you don't like sushi, there have plenty of other options.  Honestly, their menu might be a bit too big, especially if you are one to have difficulties deciding.  I like most of their street food and they do a fair job on Dan Dan noodles.

Staff:  Really great people.  Very helpful.  I don't feel like they are trying to up-sell me.  And the bartenders know how to make a drink.

Enjoy!
I was really craving Chinese food on a Friday night and we walked by this place and decided to order take out. The person taking orders was very nice and assisted me right away. They told me 15 minutes and they were right on time!

When we ordered, it looked like they were doing indoor dining now as well. They also looked like they were pumping out take out orders and super busy. 

We ordered the vegetable gyoza, chicken lo mein, general tsos and sweet & sour chicken. The gyoza was my personal favorite. It had edamame in it which I really liked. Didn't love the sauce but I thought they were fine without it. 

The lo mein was good but the noodles really threw me off. I felt like I was eating ramen. 

The chicken ultimately tasted fine but the pieces were HUGE. We like our chicken to be bite size. These were like full chicken tenders. 

I didn't find this place to be anything special and probably won't come back until trying other Chinese restaurants.
Stumbled upon this place while my girlfriend and I were exploring Main Street. We are suckers for a good asian fusion place so we decided to try it out for the happy hour. The storefront was opened up and the bar was right in the front, which was nice as it gives you the feel of being outside. The happy hour is from 3-6pm and offers 4 dollar apps and rolls as well as 3 dollar drafts and 6 dollar cocktails. 

I got a Sapporo for $3 (which is unheard of!) and my girlfriend got an "Asian Mule" and she said it was very good but might not have had as much alcohol in it as she would have liked. 

We were just looking for something casual as we were going out to eat with family shortly after so we just got a spicy tuna roll. It was very good. The rice was cooked nicely and the tuna tasted very fresh. My only request is that is was a little more spicy. We looked through the regular menu and wanted to get all of it as it all sounded very good!

My only wish is that the service was a little more attentive. By the time we sat down to the time we were asked what we wanted was about 7-10 minutes. We were only annoyed by this because, seeing as there were only about 3 other small groups of people in the entire place, the bartender knew we showed up and continued to cater to other people before asking us what we wanted. 

Despite that hiccup, we can't wait to go back and try one of the many things we saw on the menu that sounded great!
Delicious food and reasonable prices. Service was a bit slow but it's not a deal breaker since it was my first time there. I got 3 rolls of sushi and they were fresh and tasty! I will be back!
There is no shortage of takeout options in Manayunk, but New Leaf 2 has risen to the top of my list! The lunch special is a fantastic value -- something like 3 rolls for $12? Regardless, it's consistently delicious! The storefront is also HUGE and the bar is stocked so I'll have to dine in sometime.
I had the best time here yesterday ! Took myself out for lunch had the rainbow roll and kani salad . Service was excellent,  food was exceptional , and I will def be back soon . Thanks new leaf .
I went here for outdoor dining during COVID and while the sushi was delicious, I won't be going back here until COVID is behind us due to unsanitary concerns.

My friend and I sat a table that was uneven and after five minutes, we asked to switch to the table next to it because it seemed more sturdy. The waitress said sure so we moved over and no one cleaned the original table we were at after we moved. I know we only sat there for a few minutes but we still had our hands and arms on the tabletop.

I've been to quite a few restaurants during COVID and New Leaf is the only place I've dined at that is still using their original, plastic menus. It's the norm now for restaurants to use single-use paper menus or digital menus. New Leaf doesn't have either of those. Their menu is a plastic booklet that they reuse for each patron.
The food is very good and fresh, the decoration of the place is nice but the service is very slow. The waitress forgot about us and the rest of the tables. You ask for the check and they never come back. Hope next time will be better
So Good! I ordered take out under the recommendation for a friend. I was warned that it was a bit pricey, but it's so worth it.

My friend did not lie! You get what you pay for reigns true here. I probably got the best general t'so's chicken (and shrimp) ever. It was all white meat chicken breast and the shrimp were huge! I would have liked more vegetables, but I'm sure I can request that next time.

I'm looking forward to ordering new things next time.
Amazing sushi! Ordered delivery a few weeks back, it arrived really quickly. The portion sizes are huge for their chicken dishes which is much appreciated. sushi was so good, I am absolutely ordering from here again next time I'm in the area. One small detail missing, I ordered the spring rolls which advertises as (3) on the menu but I only received one. No big deal, but a heads up to specify when you call to order.
I'm honestly not sure why people love this spot.  My bestfriend that lives in Manayunk and I have now given it two chances.  We are big sushi fans (connoisseurs if you will), and we have definitely found better spots in city (and beyond).  It's not that it's bad, it's just bland, and there isn't much creativity going on with the special rolls.  ALSO the pork belly buns are not bao buns (insert wailing emoji, because I'm on my computer right now).  They're flavorless, bread like buns of meh.  With a little meat inside.  Their draft list is at least better than most sushi spots, but for that I'll byob at the spot across the street. (Isn't funny how it's common courtesy not to mention competitors in reviews?). 

Anyways.  Ambiance is fine, and sushi doesn't "suck," but we both have no reason to return if the hankering hits.  Wait staff is very friendly.  Oh and why is it we always get sat right next to the bathroom door? More importantly, why is there a table here. -_-
An absolutely wonderful experience with excellent food!  Came in with empty stomachs and came out smiling with leftovers. The sushi pizza was phenomenal and a definite recommendation! Every staff member was super nice and made sure our every annoying request was met! The owner, Terry, even came over to check on us and made sure we were having a good time. I can't wait to come back!
Love this place! This is my husband and I go to when we want a nice meal. Their hot sake is great and so is their sushi. We have order multiple items on the menu and never have been disappointed.
Among the hustle and bustle of all the restaurants on Main St Manayunk,  this place is an absolute treasure.

As a vegan,  they have a multitude of selections.   Everything is fresh, comes out in a timely way and they are exceptional with large parties.

I love the light and warmth of the energy of the place and the staff I've met over the course of several celebrations with friends.

Do not pass up the string beans or eggplant dishes -- huge, flavorful and just the right kick of spices!

They also do incredible bubble teas and Vietnamese Iced Coffee!
I've had takeout from this place many times but finally had the chance to eat in, so now I get to review the full experience!

First off, you know the Chinese food here is legit because the owner here used to work in the Chinatown restaurant scene. Japanese food is not as legit in the sense that none of the sushi chefs here are Japanese, but the sushi is still fresh and at a more affordable price than nearby Yanako. 

There is also a full bar inside if you don't feel like eating and just want to hang with a couple drinks. Plus, happy hour food and drink specials don't hurt! 

The con to this place is the service. Our server didn't seem to know the menu too well, or just about Chinese/Japanese food in general. When asked how many pieces the shrimp tempura comes with, the server responded the roll comes with 5. We reiterated that we are not ordering the roll, but just the tempura, but he didn't seem to know there was a difference. We ended up having to ask him to ask another server what we meant. 

Overall, a great addition to Main St., and a nice place for a date, a large dinner, or even just to grab a drink with a friend!
This was a cool little spot! The food was pretty good, I had both fried and steamed shrimp shumai, shrimp tempura, miso soup, and fried rice--Yum! The location is pretty small but doable, and they also offer heated outdoor seating here too. The drinks were ok, I had a Captain Morgan with Pepsi  which wasn't really the highlight of my night, I probably should've gotten a bubble tea instead but I'll be back for sure!
My new go-to sushi spot for the Main Line! Everything was good and fresh, and the portions were generous. I got the sushi special for 2 and some shumai. I loved that there are many dim sum options on the menu as well for appetizers so I can scratch two itches at once. Lots of fun stuff on the menu, ample-sized dining room with a bar - would definitely recommend as a spot to hangout with friends so everybody can get exactly what they want!

Edit: no it's, not on the Main Line, but I maintain it's a pretty good option for Main Line residents..,
Food was amazing. We ordered so much stuff out of excitement for our first outing since COVID I can't even begin to name them but EVERYTHING was delicious. I'm knocking off a star for two things. First our waiter was rude and inattentive. It was so bad another waiter helped us most of the night. The second reason is their seating is not more than 6 feet apart. There is space just not enough. I get it we shouldn't be out and about but if your establishment is going to allow in person dining then the distance requirements should be followed. Other than that I'll be back
New Leaf is a newer Asian fusion restaurant in Manayunk and probably the best one on Main St. They have a full bar which is unique for it being an Asian spot.

I've been here twice and had a pleasant experience each time. They offer many options including sushi, Japanese and Chinese entrees. At my most recent visit, I ordered the Spicy Tuna and Philadelphia roll and both were delicious! Each roll was around $7 which is priced fairly. I also ordered 2 glasses of Sauvignon Blanc which tasted pretty good for it being a house wine. A glass of wine is about $6-7 which is definitely cheaper than most restaurants. 

Service is fast, friendly and attentive. Food comes out quick and is neatly plated. The interior is big, simple and clean. I would definitely recommend going here if you're in the area! I look forward to trying their entrees next time.
My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to grab a quick drink and chill out when we stumbled upon this place on Main Street. We wondered in because we saw they had a happy hour going on from 3-6. We opted to seat ourselves at the bar. The place was pretty empty since it was early in the afternoon but it took awhile for us to be served. The bartender definitely saw us sit down so we weren't sure what the hold up was on waiting on us. I realized later that this place is pretty brand new so I figure they're still working out some things. 

When we were finally served, we chose to order off of the happy hour menu which was actually pretty impressive. They had specific drafts for $3 including Sapporo and Jack's Cider. They also had $6 cocktails and $7 wines. I ordered the Asian Mule which was just a Moscow Mule but it was pretty good. I didn't really taste the alcohol though! Also on the happy hour menu, they had $4 sushi rolls and dim sum as well as $6 street fare items. I was impressed by the extensiveness of the menu! We weren't very hungry but we decided to split a spicy tuna roll and it was pretty tasty. 

I also peaked through the regular menu and it was a pretty large menu with a variety of asian fusion choices. The pictures looked delicious and everything sounded really good. I'll definitely be returning to try some other things out as well as dip into the happy hour deals some more!!
I ordered the Singapore Noodle. I ended up having to trash it. Over half of the noodles were dry as if just taken out of a ramen package. The portion that was edible tasted nasty. This dish wasn't cheap so I was pretty disappointed. Unfortunately, my order wasn't dine in so I couldn't get it corrected without a big drive back.
Manayunk has some pretty great sushi and I'll put New Leaf at #2. The veggies are super fresh (the veggie roll is actually my favorite). The Tokyo roll is another favorite. Reasonably priced and solid portions.
This place is really good. My fiance and I came here for our first time the other night for dinner and it did not disappoint. We got the chili wonton appetizer and it was amazing! I would have looked a little more heat, but because I was sharing it with my fiance, it was better off the way it was. I then got the wok fried shrimp. I don't even know what to say about this..... The flavors were so unique. I loved every minute of it. Absolutely delicious!
Thai Food is terrible! Tom Kha was all pepper.  Pad Thai was orange and tasteless.  Chinese food not bad, just not great. Sushi is decent, but there are better places for the price local.  We have tried twice, and had one good experience when they first opened with all sushi. Last night was so bad though we won't be giving it another chance. Orange bland Pad Thai with no lime!!!!  Inedible soup.... oh and the bags were not stapled shut for the grub hub delivery. Please staple your bags shut for our peace of mind. The driver had no mask on.... This is the time of COVID. Staple shut the deliveries please.
Very disappointed. Ordered take out sushi from here today since I just moved to manayunk and threw out half of the order. Waste of money. Sushi rice was dry and pieces were so gummy that it was gross and needed to be tossed. No flavor. 10/10 would NOT recommend. I will need to find a new place to order from in the future.
New leaf is not my cup of tea. The only thing I've found to be good here is the ginger salad. As a vegetarian who eats only vegetarian sushi, I ordered the sweet potato roll and cucumber roll. Those rolls are pretty hard to mess up but somehow they were! I won't be ordering sushi from here again. Next time I will try the Chinese offerings.
Everything was fresh and delish! I had sushi and very fluffy pork rolls. My wife had the tempura lunch special. The staff was uber friendly and the food came quickly. The decor was modern and cool. I plan to go back there for my birthday in January and bring some foodie friends with me, I feel confident that they will be impressed as well.
These Chinese devours come from @newleafmanayunk . Their service is really great. Their team of servers are very attentive and they check back within 5 to 10 minutes to see if everything is still OK at your table. They are bathrooms are exceptionally clean; And they do offer both indoor and outdoor dining. Our food came out pretty fast which was really good. Here is their crispy calamari, along with their Tom Yum seafood soup; and their seafood delight dish that came with shrimp, scallop, salmon, snow peas, mushroom in light black bean sauce! The calamari was really good especially with the duck sauce. The Tom Yum soup was very filling and tasteful. And the seafood delight was simply amazing with the black bean sauce; I really enjoyed it. If you're ever in Manayunk and want some really good affordable Chinese cuisine please check out @newleafmanayunk and tell'em SHIMMY sent you! #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodblogger #foodstagram #philly #philadelphia #soup #tomyumsoup #shrimp #calamari #duck #scallops #water #snowpeas #salmon
Everything was so good! It was my first time here and the bartender, Chris, made me some amazing cocktails! My Volcanic Roll wasn't bad either. Absolutely recommend this place, and I'll definitely be back!
They have a great happy hour menu and spacious seating. It would be a good option to come here to dine with a large group, which can be difficult to find in manayunk. The sushi is affordable and decently priced, the sushi pizza is excellent and the Chinese dishes are authentic! Great new addition to main Street.
Excellent lunch specials, fresh rolls, good service. The Lite FM radio station they blast in this place is enough to make anyone puke.
We had great takeout earlier in the week from here so thought we would give the restaurant a sit-down tryout. The room has been at least two other restaurants in my memory and has been nicely cleaned up and renovated. There's lots of open space and I assume they are hoping for larger crowds to drive the purchase of more tables and chairs. All surfaces are hard and the early evening diners included 2-3 tables of young, noisy children. We shared the shrimp spring roll which we had as takeout earlier in the week. It's a great appetizer. I had the Spidey seafood soup which I enjoyed although getting the mussels of the shells requires sharper implements or teeth than I possess. My spouse had seafood on pan-fried noodles which she enjoyed. Crisp veggies and nice portions of scallops, fish, and shrimp. I also had the appetizer of ribeye and scallion roll--Yum! Service was accommodating and sufficiently attentive. Like everyone these days the help wanted sign was out front. We did not try the sushi this time, but we'll be back.
Wife and I have gotten take out twice on as many weeks. Food has been great. Preferred over Han Dynasty.
Tried New Leaf for happy hour and had a wonderful experience. Their happy hour menu is awesome..$6 cocktails, $4.00 rolls and select apps, $6 bigger apps. You really can't go wrong with this deal. 

We got a bunch of different rolls from the HH menu. I'd recommend any of them, they were all excellent. They were basic rolls, but I often prefer the more simple rolls over the signature ones anyway. We tried the Dan Dan noodles, pork won tons and another app involving pork  on the menu. All were awesome but I would absolutely get the Dan Dan noodles again. The presentation of the sushi was also very pretty and well done.

As far as drinks go, I had the Asian mule which was ok. My friend had the lyche martini and I wish I had gotten that instead because it was excellent. My other friend tried the green tea martini which was good if you're into green tea.

A few important take always though:
amazing customer service. They accidentally brought me a crab roll instead of a Philly roll and apologized for the mistake, didn't take the crab roll back and didn't charge me for it. The Diet Coke was flat and they also took that right off the bill. The waitresses were very friendly and attentive. In addition, I think it may have been the owner.. came up to us at least twice to see if we needed anything. We also got towelettes before we left as well. 

Fantastic experience and I will be a return customer. Definitely worth getting sushi here compared to the more expensive places in Manayunk.
We live the sushi pizza. This place has anything you could possibly want in terms of Japanese and Chinese cuisine. Very friendly staff and good drinks too.
This place is new and a very large area inside.  The happy hour menu is a treat $4 for most rolls and items to try.  The food came out about 8 minutes after ordering, with great service.  The tuna was thick and very fresh.  Cleaned plates off the table quickly. Offered the happy menu drinks even after the happy hour was over. Very great service. Open sliding glass doors so was nice as the weather was great.  Will be back for sure soon!!!
Their sushi and bubble tea always hits the spot. The staff are very nice even when it's busy, and make sure they are getting you the correct items you ordered. Definitely recommend, but would order ahead of time to avoid waiting.
Sushi was okay. Nice service. Only complaint was the lady picking up the phone was extremely rude.
To sum it up, great flavor, good portions and hits the spot but a little overpriced. We got the dry pepper chicken which is nothing like the ones you might expect from a Szechuan place like Han Dynasty. It wasn't crispy but it was really flavorful and we enjoyed it a lot. The Mongolian lamb was okay, the meat was a little tough and not worth the money in our opinion. All the veggies and flavor overall was good though. Last thing we got was hot & sour soup, and that was exactly what we wanted and expected flavor wise.
I got take out and the food was absolutely delicious. The shrimp tempura was crispy and perfectly cooked.  The salmon belly sushi was different and very fresh.  The General Tso shrimp was also good.  But my absolutely fav was the roasted duck stir fried udon noodles. OMG the duck was so soft and tender and had a great smoky flavor and it enhanced the noodles to also have that same smoked flavor.  I couldn't get enough of it and it's very addicting.  I highly recommend it.
My absolute new go to in Manayunk! The food here is awesome - super fresh, tasty, and affordable! The dishes are of very high quality, both sushi and entrees. The sushi pizza is amazing, and the Mongolian lamb in black pepper sauce is phenomenal! Also some of the best general Tso's I have had in a while- super fresh white meat chicken! The bartender on the weekends Lisa is super sweet! This spot is a great new addition to Manayunk- about time we got some delicious Asian food!!!
First Review!

Stumbled upon this place on their opening night. The fish  is delicious. Very fresh and tasty. 

We are big fans.
Excellent new Asian restaurant!
They do sushi and they also do very good Thai and Chinese entrees! 

I'm sad I forgot to take photos of the other food dishes but my friends and I shared a bunch of dishes. We got 3 sushi rolls, a shrimp entree (special), wok fried lemongrass beef, and a special curry (I forget the name sorry!)

The sushi rolls were really well made! One of the important things about sushi for me is the rice to sushi ratio and this restaurant definitely understands it! They pack the sushi into that roll making sure that there isn't too much rice.

Their shrimp special entree was so so delicious! It was a jumbo shrimp lightly battered and fried with some bok choy veggies! The lemongrass beef was very well marinated and a bit spicy too! The beef was super tender and the kick and veggies really brought out a great flavor! 
The curry was a great addition! The curry flavor was light and not too heavy! The portion for the curry was also very generous! 

The restaurant itself is very spacious and the staff is very friendly!! I would definitely come back again to try their other dishes and have some more sushi
Ordered takeout on UberEats during the virus pandemic. We were so grateful at all of the protective procedures New Leaf had in place! The doors were all propped open and they had our food ready right at the counter to pick up and we literally walked out without touching anything but the bag handles. They had a big automatic hand sanitizer dispenser too (somehow- how did they even get that haha). This was actually my first time ordering from New Leaf and my boyfriend and I both loved the entrees we ordered and we will surely be coming back as long as they are open!
Manayunk needed something new! And they have it with New Leaf 2! This is a sister location of their first restaurant is located in Broomall. First impressions matter most and New Leaf 2 did not disappoint.  Ordered the edamame and wontons in chili oil to start. Wontons were excellent. Would like a little more heat but the flavors were there. Spicy tuna rolls packed a punch which is exactly what I was looking for! Will need to come back and try more of the sushi.
Drinks were a hit with my group.  I do believe we ordered the 1st sake bombs here. We ordered sake martinis, greenteani(green tea martini), lychee martini, and multiple beers.  The Bar manager PJ suggested Sapparo and I loved it! Bartenders Bob and Lisa were very attentive and we never had an empty drink.  The only reason this is a 4 star review is because I have not tried their entrees but ik sure that will change in the near future.  I'm glad we found this new restaurant and I'm pretty sure we have found our new happy hour location.
We grabbed some take out during Covid. They had all workers masked, no touch hand sanitizer, a plastic sheet at cash register. Fast service. My order was ready on time. For pickup. The steak was tender and the sauce nice w lots of onions and garlic. Answered the phone quickly and professionally. We grabbed a couple six packs to go.
This review is simply for their Sushi Pizza. What? Sounded like an odd dish- but my palette didn't care... in fact, it may have fallen in love. We ordered it to-go. It's raw tuna, salmon, and white fish on a crispy scallion pancake with seaweed salad topped with caviar, spicy mayo and white sauce and it is superb. I wasn't sure the pancake would hold up, especially since we ordered it to-go... but it was so crispy and didn't sag at all- delightfully surprising. The fish was fresh and the whole thing was almost sushi but without the rice and in pizza form. The whole ensemble just worked. Try it!
Fresh Shashimi and great service. You can tell the servers are a little new but the manager took care of our table very well. We will definitely be returning!
Excellent sushi!  The new leaf roll and the lobster tail tempura roll were amazing! The crunchy tuna was was good but just didn't compare to the other too.  Lychee martini was also awesome.
We wanted sushi and dim sum, and we got our money's worth. It was hard to narrow down what exactly we wanted, so I'd like to apologize to everyone that saw two of us put down as much food as we did. We shared pork dumplings, wontons in chili oil, scallion pancakes, coconut shrimp, a Philly roll, and a sweet potato roll. Everything was outstanding, but I was extremely partial to the coconut shrimp. Great food, great atmosphere (relatively crowded for 8:00-9:00 on a Thursday). The only thing missing from our trip was cucumber in the Philly roll, but that's something I easily got over.
I was home from having surgery a friend picked up lunch for us as a surprise. I cannot tell you how heavenly the sushi taste it was delicious
New Leaf is such a great addition to Main Street. The food is excellent, service is decent, and drinks are bomb. I initially walked in the first time just because the bar looked cool, and stayed for the great food. Highlights: lychee martini, sushi pizza, Dan Dan noodles. Their sushi seems pretty standard, good but nothing incredible. Their noodle/rice dishes and dim sum seem to be their specialty.
Stopped in after noticing it as a new spot in the neighborhood, I'm a big fan of Asian cuisine and cocktails, and this place nails both of them. The bartender Bob was extremely knowledgeable of his craft as a mixologist and made me some amazing Asian fusion style cocktails that instantly made me fall in love with the place before even getting my food. This place will soon be a neighborhood staple, must visit spot in the new and evolving Manayunk area.
My new favorite restaurant in Manayunk! Amazing food, super friendly staff, great spacious atmosphere.
The service here is hit or miss but this is definitely my go to Chinese/ sushi place in manayunk. They're always 20 minutes max wait for pick up and pretty quickly for delivery as well. The food holds up pretty well during delivery and I haven't had any issues.
They have great apps, the crab ragoons are some of the best I've ever had. Also the dandan noodles are something you should definitely try, they are like a spicy peanut butter noodle with pork.
The sushi is always pretty good and they have a great happy hour on week days for ordering rolls.
For the main course the wok tossed shrimp (i get half shrimp half chicken) is amazing and I'll probably continue to get it every time. There entrees are also definitely big enough to share if you prefer
(12/25/19) UPDATE: This has been my go-to restaurant since my last review! On Xmas, a group of friends and I came in and received phenomenal service as usual. It was their first time here and they LOVED it! I also wanted to update my review to applaud Terry for not only holding to my wallet that I had left, but to also thank him for reaching out to me and ensuring that I got it back the same way I left it. Thank you guys!!
Excellent lunch specials, fresh rolls, good service. The Lite FM radio station they blast in this place is enough to make anyone puke.
This has become our new spot-- the friendliest staff and most delicious sushi. Presentation is beautiful and happy hour specials cannot be beat!They are so welcoming and friendly to our 3 year old, too! Highly recommend!
Went here for happy hour last night with a few friends and wow! What an awesome happy hour that they have. $4 select rolls. We tried California, pumpkin and avocado which were all fresh. They had a few other options like spicy tuna, salmon Avo, etc.. The chicken and shrimp dumplings were very tasty ($4 each as well). And what can I say about the martinis .. they certainly don't skimp on the alcohol provided in them. Overall, we will be back!
We come here at least once a week ! We love sitting at a bar and usually order 2-3 small plates and 1-2 sushi rolls. Some of our favorites are dan dan noodle, Shanghai juice buns, wanton in chili oil, king salmon roll, and shrimp tempura rolls and more. Their sushi is always fresh with a big portion!
What a great find !  Food was excellent !  Combination of Chinese and Japanese , excellent food , service and prices. !  Service was quick, reliable and efficient    Lots of variety on menu   It doesn't look very promising from the outside but the place of great. We'll be back !!
We ordered take out through Grub Hub. This food was fabulous. My only complaint is that they forgot the sweet and sour sauce for the sweet and sour chicken. If they can get their delivery game on, this will be 5 stars from me and my go to Chinese!
So i ordered through Doordash.. I ordered the spare ribs, crab wontons and general tao chicken. The food was good but the portions were very little for the price i paid. I never seen such little wontons in my life but they were soo good..The ribs were also small but very tender and delicious.  My general tao was a decent size but not for the price i paid. It was just ok nothing special.  Will definitely try other menu items in the future but again those crab wontons were amazing.
I hate I'm writing this because I have heard so many good things about the sushi here. But my male friend and I went inside to get seated for two when the male host proceeded to lead us outside and said "I can take you to the bus stop, or I can seat you at the trashcan". At first we thought he was joking, but then proceeded to lead us off the property to the trash by the curb. The host took two excited, paying customers to the literal curb. We honestly have no explanation as to why we were treated this harshly, as we were both dressed properly, wearing masks and polite when asking for a table. Only after I told him I'd be writing this review is when he started to apologize. We were absolutely disgusted and confused from this entire experience. I will never support this business.
I've been here many times and am never disappointed. This is the place where they consistently deliver beautiful presentations of their food. They serve their sushi on interesting and unique platters. I even love the quality of their napkins.
We ordered the cancun specialty roll, crab rangoon and pan fried pork dumplings (which are large). Everything was great! The sushi (8 pieces) tasted fresh and had the perfect amount of spiciness. I recommend getting a side of the spicy aioli to go along with it. 

Great food, great service, great atmosphere.
Got a yellowtail roll (fish was fresh) and a Dan Dan noodle (pass on the noodle, it was just ok). 
Overall, not bad and would go back again!
New Leaf 2 on Main St deserves more then 5 stars! Excellent quality, goodbye mystery meat, hello white meat! Traditional menu items as expected on a Chinese menu, the price justifies the quality, the taste is exceptional, plus they have Japanese items like sushi, so any and all cravings are met here. I've been a local to the area for 20 years and see lots to restaurants come and go from this spot, New Leaf 2 is here to stay, great  customer service and 20-30 min wait times, can't be beat. This is a GEM that "yunkers" will be glad to have stick around!
We had such delicious and interesting sushi!  A fancy roll with a sliver of lime on top and one with a thin slice of jalapeno pepper.  Yummy.  And sushi pizza. Trust me. But order and pick up yourself rather than giving delivery companies such a bite out of the $. We want these local restaurants to stay afloat.
Came here on a Tuesday night for dinner, it was good.  The service is very fast and staff was personable.  I was a little annoyed that each time they served our food that they kept reaching over another person to put our plates down rather than walk around to the other side of the table, yes there was plenty of room to do so.....but I digress.  
The appetizers were good as well as the entrees. Each of took home a to go tray.  I had the honey walnut shrimp in fruit sauce, it was good but the shrimp was fried a little to hard for my taste.  I love their spring rolls!!  There Taro Milk Tea is soooo good, I get the tapioca bubbles in it. 
I would visit again.
Great new Chinese and Japanese restaurant in Manayunk. I have gotten takeout from here multiple times, always quick service and the order has been correct each time. It's the best spot for quick Chinese takeout and while I've had better sushi in the area (Yanako, Bluefin2) the prices are better for a casual dinner where I'm not looking to spent a lot.
I was really craving sushi a few weeks ago and wanted to try New Leaf 2 since it was new to Manayunk. I was highly impressed with the quality and taste of the sushi! It was reasonably priced as well. Everyone has to try the Spicy Lady Roll! It's excellent. The fact that they have a full bar, is an added bonus.
Hit or miss but never fails on a night I don't want to cook!
Service is always fast & to the point.

I get the general tso.
Pretty good! Went here with two friends and everyone was pretty pleased. Someone got the chicken teriyaki and said the sauce wasn't exactly what she expected but it was still good and the chicken seemed high-quality. I got the beef lo mein, I love lo mein and this one was...different, not bad but the noodles were super thin. It was interesting. Really good big pieces of beef. I also got the avocado sushi roll and it was pretty good. My other friend got the ninja turtle sushi roll and another one I forget the name of, and she said they were good but nothing super special. She's a sushi nut so take that into account. We ate inside and it was pretty nice, but the outside dining space looked good too. The menu was huge with both sushi stuff and tons of other options too.
Idk why this place has such high reviews. The food is subpar at best and definitely not worth the price or the rating. We decided to order from here based on the reviews. Portions were small, sushi rice was low quality, and even the lo mein was bad and had the wrong noodles. How do you mess up lo mein?
This is a new restaurant with a great happy hour. The drinks are a bit interesting as they try to make them some sort of Asian fusion. But the deals on sushi during happy hour can't be beat!
Love this new place - great Chinese food - step above many of the other local joints but not super expensive. Take out was quick and happy hour specials are great.
shrimp egg rolls are horrible! I ordered 2 and i couldn't even eat half of one.. tasted like rubber "meat" grounded up and fried! how do you mess up a shrimp roll??? i have never had a shrimp roll taste like that at any other Chinese food place. Horrible! i will tell all my family, friends and colleagues how disgusting it was. Very disappointing because manayunk has great food but definitely can not say that about this place! save your money people and buy actual food and not whatever this place serves!
Yum 
We love this place - unfortunately we are not locals so only get to go when we visit .
We've been there about 6 times both alone and with others - everyone always enjoys it.
Try it your sure to like it 
Eat in or take out-
Ordered to go and delivery was cool but Wonton soup had no flavor and was barely any in the container. We ordered California, Philadelphia, Shrimp Tempura, and King Crab roll. Overpriced and sloppy. Main Street is big on overpricing low quality food.
Great food with so much variety. We order from here at least twice a month during this crazy pandemic . Great sushi. I always get their edamame.
Yesterday was my 1st time eating here.  I gave it 2 stars because the food was great but the service was ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE !!!  Waited 20 minutes and had to ask for water to be told they will bring some once we order ???  Finally received some water (After we ordered).  The waitress was rushing us to order and rolling her eyes. She kept forgetting what we ordered when it was time to bring us our food. No one ever came by our table once we received our food to see if we needed anything else or how the food was.    

Never again !!!!
Man, these guys are the worst, We are one whole year into the pandemic, food deliveries are up ten-fold, yet these knuckleheads still can't staple their food deliveries  orders shut for tamper-proof. 

I've ordered from here 6 months ago, about half way into the pandemic -- they didn't do anything to tamperproof their deliveries. Today I tried again, wanting to give them another chance. Big NOPE. These guys are clowns and don't deserve our monies. 

Their food isn't even all that great. Every Chinese restaurant in Manayunk blows. These guys are halfway decent. Next time, gonna use Ubereats and order straight from Chinatown. Will have to deal with a longer delivery, but at least I know my food won't be fucked with and it'll taste better. Stick it to these cheap-skates on wanting to save a few pennies in staples and tamperproof stickers.
