Dive my ass. (although they do have a bucket of rolling rock for $10 as an all day special).  

It was about 10:30 and an event I attended at the Continental was winding down. I knew the Phillies had been losing to the Cubs all night, but I got no signal inside the Diner (arrrgh! no updates!) and it was getting late, so I walked outside only to get a signal just in time for  Chase Utley's game-tying 2 run double in the top of the 8th! I admit it-- I panicked-- what to do? where to go? Must see Phils! Now! Desperately casting my eyes about the intersection of 2nd and Market, I started to drift south when what to my immediate relief should appear? A vision of Phillies through the picture-window front of (Saintly) Nick's! I raced across the street and dashed inside, and was greeted with looks of understanding and an ice cold lager, i hardly even had to form the words before it was open and in my hand and the bartender was backing away to leave me to the game. Things I noticed before I left:
               *a giant and pretty aquarium running the length of the bar. Niiiiiiice. I can sit and drink and stare at fire, oceans, and aquariums all day long. I think they could get more interesting fish, though. 
               *above noted bucket o' rolling rock special, amongst lots of others my otherwise occupied brain can no longer recall.
               *clean bathrooms with locking doors, toilet paper, soap AND paper towels! 
               *friendly bartenders and patrons, most of whom also seemed to be Phils fans.

So, I'm no regular, and as I said, I only made it to Nick's once so far, and for only 2 innings of a Phillies game. But they were a crucial 2 innings and Nick's was there for me when I needed it the most.
I to start with the precedence that we went here at 11:30 am. We had pass this place several times at night and its looked busy, but when we went the place was deserted.   I'm sure they had just opened for the day. Anyway, the waitress we had was nice. We did hear the wait staff talking about a face stabbing a friend a few nights before in a near by area. Yikes! The food was at best sub par. It was our first eating experience in Philly and I am glad it wasn't our last.
EDIT: I questioned whether or not to mention this but I had reason to believe the woman owner was HOMOPHOBIC (I'm gay and had a dangle earring in that night) and after reading one of the reviews that was hidden on this page (scroll to the bottom and click the link that says "21 other reviews that are not currently recommended") it appears as though she is a Trump supporter and screamed some Trump slogans at another bar patron in the bathroom and then kicked them out last year after finding out they were a Hilary supporter, so I believe my suspicions of her intolerance for LGBT people to be warranted.

-------------------------

I come to Philly a couple times a year to visit friends and have always had a good time at Nick's...until this past weekend. A group of 15-20 of us came in around 7pm on a Saturday were having a great time until one of the owners came in. My friends who frequent Nick's knew her and tried to introduce us, but she took one look at me and put her hand up in my face and turned around and walked away before I even said a single word.

We were all very confused by that interaction but just brushed it off, as she appeared to be pretty drunk and was drinking with some of her friends at a table nearby. About an hour later I was sitting at the bar and she came and stood next to me and ordered some drinks from the bartender, and while she was waiting I again tried to introduce myself (and even offered to buy her a drink) and again she just looked at me and said "I don't care" and turned her back towards me until she got the drinks she ordered and then she walked away.

The whole situation was so bizarre, and left us all pretty confused and disappointed. About an hour later the other owner (her husband) came in and was very friendly and chatted with us for a bit but the two interactions I had with his wife were enough to tarnish my experience and most of us ended up leaving shortly after and going to another bar.
We arrived early for a Burger club event and sat at the bar. From the patrons to the exceptional and friendly bartender Joe, it was the makings for a good night. 

It was, however, brief as our table was ready for the burger fest. 

I never really thought of Nicks as a contender in the burger contest. Personally, I struggle between crowning Sketch or Royal Tavern with the best burger in the city. Nicks just made my decision harder because they blew me away with their awesome burgers. 

Even the apps we ordered were great. Fried pickles that will make you never want to go to Hooters again and some tasty Mac and cheese bites. 

I loved the choices for the burgers. Really tough to choose so my friend and I decided to share. We went with the Cowboy (BBQ and onion rings) and the South Philly (sharp provolone and long hots).

Burgers come simply in a basket with some pickles. We ordered a few sides of fries for the table which were above average. I liked the Cowboy but I'm slowly learning that outside of ribs, I'm not a huge fan of BBQ sauce, but the puffy onion ring was the real star there.

The South Philly was fantastic. I'm not sure I will ever want another burger that doesn't have sharp provolone and long hots on it ever again. (Although there were a few moments of mouth burning pain that had me looking for a hose). But it was a good pain and I happily went in for more. 

I missed when our server introduced himself but he was exceptional. Not the fake, robotic way some servers can be and not Alien Pod friendly. Really personable, knowledgeable and just an all around good guy. 

Overall, the experience shoots Nicks up to one of the must go places in Philly, up there with Doobies, The Institute and Han Dynasty. I'll definitely be back and suggest it any time a "Where should we go?" Question pops up.
I saw an article in the Metro touting Nick's Roast Beef Bar & Grille's 5 year Anniversary celebration with $5 burgers.  Good burgers, good price, new venue, and a cheat day fuel?  Sure, why not!

Venue was homey, service a shade slow (busy), not much of a beer selection, but the burgers were delicious.

So why 1 star?

Nothing is more frustrating than misdirection, and we definitely felt "had" by this experience.  So the bar was a bit busy with the regulars - fine. But we specifically asked the staff for the $5 Anniversary Burgers, but they gave us the $10 "Anniversary Burger" ... but oh, all the other burgers "on the menu" (which they didn't hand us) are $5 for their Anniversary celebration. Argh.

The burgers were surprisingly good, but because of this shady experience we probably won't be returning for a while. Truly bummed.
I went here the other night after buying two CD's I'd put on hold at AKA.

I ate at the bar part, which at dinner time on a week night had a bunch of barflys there(They looked like the casting crew for "Barfly"). At 6:30, some people were pretty soused/hammered. There was lots of slurred word conversations down at the end, and some lady talking righteously to the right of me to someone else. At least they had plenty of TV's and some hockey on.

I had the roast beef sandwich au jus, with some provolone on it and some cajun fries. The fries were pretty decent and plentiful. The roast beef sandwich was unfortunately not that great. The meat was decent, and didn't have any chewy/stringy fat in it. But it was dry, very dry. Even dipping in the au jus didn't help it. And it didn't have much flavor. Adding some peppers on helped a little. But not a lot. 

I had a Yuengling with it and it tasted a little funky. Yet another place where they haven't cleaned out the beer lines. Oy ve.

Not worth it.
I got the Breakfast cheesesteak.  This could be my new olde city cheesesteak.  Definitely my olde city Cheesesteak when I want a beer.  $5 for a can of Ruby Red.  Yes, still drinking fruity sour beers.  My daughter Karly liked the historic philly decor until she saw Cuba Libre.  $10, the crumbled bacon gave it a lot of flavor and the eggs added eggs.  Looking forward to going back and getting the 'special steak.'  The price for location was delightful.
I think I had roast beef here once, and it was pretty decent. It was quite some time ago. As I was I was eating my sandwich I felt like I should of been older for some reason. Maybe to blend in with crowd I suppose.  There used to be a really cool venue upstairs where they had  shows. Mojo Nixon played here once, but I wasn't old enough. Dag Nabbit! But I did sneak in to see RL Burnside play here before he passed away.
This is the kind of bar that my grandfather would love. Good food, lots of "old man beers" and a fish tank / sports TVs to watch.

Other old men agree, as this is filled with them. The music however, is not for old men with its Beck, Morrissey, and whatnot.

The roast beef sandwich is cheap and delicious. The golden brown french fries are good too. This isn't the place where two people should go to tie one on, but its great for a group of friends to have casual drinks and an array of party/comfort food in a relaxed, spacious setting.
I was wandering around Old City and had some time to kill. I ducked into Nicks Roast Beef because there weren't any flashy signs and seemed like a friendly place. Well, my instincts were right. I walked into people laughing and having a great time. I instantly felt comfortable. 
  Apparently the bar is under new management and has been changed.  The bar is fantastic, with really cool sports paraphernalia (that you can buy!) hung on the walls. They also have a gigantic fish tank behind the bar. 
  I ordered food from the friendly bartender and my roast beef was TO. DIE.  FOR.  

So glad I came in. Couldn't believe I've never thought to walk in here before.
Not the most exciting place in the city, but it's not trying to be. The trademark pork or roast beef sandwiches are obviously good. Also, this place seems like it would never get as crowded as some of it's neighbors. 

But one thing is for sure. If you go here on a Saturday night, have a few beers, and do a bit of the karaoke they have there...YOU WILL HAVE A BLAST!  Don't worry if you wake up feeling like you've lost all your dignity...it's normal and will soon pass. It's not as embarrassing if your have friends to share the blame with.
Welcome to the foray of dive bars my fellow yelpers and praise be allah, Amen to them all day every day!

I went for the signature Nick's roast beef with horseradish, au jus sauce, hot peppers and pickles, you can add provolone or sharp provolone for an extra 50 cents and you can bet your bottom dollar I did! The sandwich was delicious however if you have not learned this yet DO NOT pour the au jus on the sandwich it is meant to be dipped. I made the rookie mistake of dumping au jus all over my beautiful sandwich and it came off tasting too salty...I blame this mistake on the shots me and my girl took at brownies next door.

The mozzella sticks were homemade and like I have never ordered before. The fattest mozella sticks I have ever seen and I am including in person, on TV, or in any magazine my friends. Just look at the pic!!

Last item we ordered was the hot italian sausage. These had some of the hottest peppers I have tried in quite some time (too hot however). No seriously its too hot to enjoy if you leave the peppers in. The bread grilled splendidly what a job well done...I would take this grilled bread over a panini anyday of the week. They also have karaoke on Saturdays and have a nice local regular crowd. I am putting this bar up there with my favorite dive bars which include : Brownies, Paddy's, and now this jawn.
After reading Zagat's ranking it the #1 burger in Philadelphia, I knew I needed to try it immediately! (Apparently we were customers number 55 and 56 today alone, so not immediately immediately, but you know what I mean!)

By the time we got there (Thursday night), they'd shut down the "restaurant" portion of the Bar & Grille, but we took a seat in the window at a high top and had a lovely chat with owner (and bartender) Joe Schultice, who said he'd been happily surprised by the Zagat rating and the steady stream of new customers--seriously a sweetheart!

The southwest-style bacon burger patty with house-made salsa, jack cheese, fried pickle, and jalapeños on brioche was every bit as good as the article promised (fried pickles?! hello!). It was a perfectly cooked burger (medium rare) with an evenly spread 35% bacon/65% beef patty (mixed in house): absolutely loved the jalapeños and (as I parenthesized earlier) the fried pickles! The curly fries we ordered on the side were also perfection (though Joe told us to try their hand-cut white potato fries next time, which are "better than those you get down a'shore"). We'll take his word for it and be back for sure!
A million and one years ago, when I was but a youngin and my dad worked in Center City, he would often tell me how he liked going to Nick's for lunch...they had great food at a good price, and it was "far away" from the usual spots he went to. Well, back then there was no reason whatsoever to be on this block, and while many things have changed over the decades (mostly for the worse), Nick's is still there. 

Like a lot of the old guard-type joints in Philly (and in any big city, really), Nick's is a place that gets by on reputation more than current execution. Lets be honest...if Nick's opened last year, it would be gone already. But since its..."Nicks" (wave your hands in the air when you say it), it remains. The food ain't bad, certainly nothing special, and the prices are higher than they have any right to be. Service is "there"...again, nothing special. You could probably give half the people who come in on any given day a plate fulla Arby's and I don't think anyone would notice. But, the highlight from the days of my dad remains...the horseradish. Why that was his favorite thing is anyone's guess, and why it is my favorite thing is really best left un-discussed. 

I found myself stopping by every once in a while when seeing a show at the Khyber...mostly if I got there way too early or the first three bands really sucked. Or, more likely, the pizza joint on 2nd was closed. I can't fathom going out of my way to eat here in this modern age, but I guess its still highly rated in some yellowed guide book somewhere so people keep showing up. It is totally out of place on the block nowadays, but since the vast majority of that neighborhood makes me want to vomit in anger I consider that a plus. Still, I want to like it more than I do, for nostalgia if nothing else...but its resoundingly average. I'll give it an extra star for the horseradish...yea, I'm that easy.
Feels kinda like an old-guy Philly hangout.  And that's not always bad.  They rave about the roast beef, but roast pork with spinach and sharp provolone is great here.  Grab a booth in the back, or get it to go and eat at Penn's Landing or in a nearby park when the weather is nice.  But be sure to get plenty of napkins. This ain't dainty food!  Tender, juicy pork, lots of sauteed spinach with garlic, and really sharp provolone on a nice roll.  Yum.  It's also pretty inexpensive, especially when you consider the gargantuan portions.  One sandwich feeds two!
I've lived in Old City for two years and I like to think of this place as an Old City Secret.

There's just no where else you can eat food this delicious at such low cost.

Go ahead and try their mozz sticks. Hand battered, my friends. They are INCREDIBLE. Delicious burgers and all kinds of other sandwiches that will knock your socks off.

You can even order pasta dishes too. Have yourself some ravioli if you get a chance. Superb. Believe me. I know my ravioli. Tasted just like grandma's.

The owner and the bartenders are very cool people as well. 

Plus two TVs always showing the key sporting events.
I took a ride to Philly for some cheese steak... I was told not to bother with those other places. Nick's did not disappoint. I ordered 3 for take out and even reheated at home they were very good. OK, so a half of one didn't make it home. Sue me. The place was clean and the people inside are very nice. I even chatted with the regulars. This was a quick spur of the moment adventure. I will be going back to eat in, grab a beer or three, and relax.
Partially hungry on a rainy night, I decided to check out Nick's in Old City. Did I get the roast beef? Of course not. That would've made sense. It's right there in the name. 

Instead, I ordered a cheese steak, as if there aren't enough of those places around the city and as if I haven't eaten enough of them. Don't get me wrong, it was okay, but I wish I would've ventured outside that box.

With a ton of places to go in the neighborhood, this is a decent spot to chill out. I'll have to try it again sometime.
I enjoyed the prices at this bar the first night I went so I went back for another round. I am active duty and don't carry my license around very often so I gave the bartender my military ID and he said they wouldn't accept that form of ID because it was against their rules. I brought up that I had used that ID at dozens of bars in several states and had never heard of that before. He wouldn't admit he was wrong and refused to serve us. I am posting this in hopes that they will change this ridiculous policy- even according to Pennsylvania law, military ID is a valid form of ID.
My friend and I stopped in for lunch today while walking around the city.   Clean establishment and friendly staff.   We sat at the bar and ordered the roast beef sandwich and a roast pork sandwich.  Everything was great.   Great beer selection also!!
What a gem in Olde City where you don't have to dress up and bring $100 for a simple night out.

The bartenders are extremely friendly and easy going- great people to be around! 

Definitely try the buffalo chicken FINGERS- the wings are phenonmenal but don't pass us the fingers because they have a different bbq, sweet but hot buffalo type of sauce.  Cheese fries are a consistent delicious staple- thick, hot, cripsy on the outside and soft inside.

Always have some sort of beer bucket special so be sure to ask.  Happy horu can't be beat- 1.75 drafts and free food!

Nick's, I will be sure to become a regular!
Came here on a Friday afternoon around 5pm (just in time for happy hour). We were seated in the back dining area promptly (no one else was there--most of the people were seating at the bar). 

Happy hour here is great, $1.75 domestic drafts (bud light, miller light, and yuengling) and $5 apps with many options: mozzarella sticks, pulled pork sliders, fried pickles, stuffed longhots, and many more! We ordered the nachos but they were very underwhelming. Just a few tortilla chips, the majority of which didn't even have cheese melted on them, some shredded lettuce, and haphazardly placed olives and jalapenos (no sour cream!). It was only $5, but I'd recommend skipping those.

On the other hand, the Cowboy burger I had (pepperjack, onion ring, and bbq sauce) was incredible. The patty was generously portioned and incredibly juicy with a perfectly fried onion ring on top and sandwiched between two gloriously toasted brioche buns. Just note, the burgers do NOT come with french fries--you have to order those separately (definitely recommend the curly fries, and splitting!)

All in all, had a deliciously satisfying meal but a very reasonable price. I would come back to try the other burgers!
Horrible, rude owner. Kicked us out because we were having "too much fun." No other legitimate reason provided. Unless it was discrimination or racism. She probably thought i was drunk, dancing and acting free and crazy, but guess what, i was so sober i could remember every single detail. And i only had ONE beer. I have never encountered an owner so disrespectful, now I understand why the place was literally empty and dead on St. Patty's weekend. I am a manager of a company and guess what, i am going to tell my staff and peers to not step foot on Nick's. Thank you for the business.
Just checked out the new menu and had both roast pork and of course the famous roast beef. Both delicious! If you're looking for an easy lunch or dinner option with a completely "from scratch" kitchen, Nick's is worth the look! They also have an awesome Happy Hour if you prefer your roast beef with beer.
The food was just OK but we got really crappy service and I would probably not go back again if I had any choice in the matter.  Plus I feel like the price was just out of range for what you were getting--even in Olde City
Two words...... "Hardcore Philly". A wonderful cold evening where our bartender knew the lowdown on everything from politics to sports. He knew what the regulars drank and had their bucket of beer in front of them before their butt hit the barstool. The food order was strictly on his recommendation. Start with their grilled chicken wings, no need for any wing sauce as they were full of flavor just from their grilling process. Next, grab a pile of napkins and order Nick's Famous Hand Carved - roast beef or roast pork, roasted low and slow, horseradish, hot peppers and au jus on the side. Tastier than any cheesesteak I had during my visit. Experience the city at Nick's.
Excellent first meal in Philly.  I got a cheesesteak with mushrooms, onions, hot peppers, and bacon and it was excellent.  I had an appetizer with marinara sauce, and drizzled some on the sandwich for a DIY pizza steak and I was floored.  The marinara was tart, sweet, and had bright basil garlic notes.  Great divey lunch spot.

I watched the Yanks v Orioles game here, and the bartender was friendly, helping me plan my evening in Philly with advice on kick ass bars, recommending local brews for me to try, and talking about ways to get around via public transit.  Great meal, great chat, made me very comfortable recommending this place for a no nonsense, high quality dining experience.
Don't let the initial look fool you. Cozy little dining area back past the bar. Not fancy. Fanatic meatball sub and fantastic French dip style roast beef sandwich. Fries are great. Service was quick and very nice. We also tried the old bay wings which were yummy. Definitely try this place out. Lunch or dinner.
Their roast beef sandwich was good. There really isn't much to write about this place. I've eaten in once and it doesn't seem to be the most inviting atmosphere. I would walk in, see the bar, feel like I didn't belong and stand awkwardly until someone seated us. This place is almost like a step above a diner, not food-wise, but the restaurant itself :)
If the management cannot and does not support social distancing I will no longer be eating here.
Food is solid, as it is at all Nick's locations, even though they are all independently run now. 
 
I have to knock this spot down to a star because the bartender used his finger to clear the foam from my buddy's pint of Guinness.  I am pretty forgiving, and I am thinking we should have said something when it happened, but it was just too funny/disgusting to watch my buddy's beer get molested to say anything right then...
 
That said, I wont be back.. There are way too many places in philly to try that again. 
 
BTW - the guy was a nice dude, and the things you don't see hurt less.  However, a plain-sight a fingering of your beverage in mid-conversation leads me to believe activities behind closed doors may prove even worse, and that's a little uncomforting.
Going to Nick's was the one time that Yelp let me down.  I thought the reviews were decent enough for us to get a good lunch here.  Boy was I wrong.  No one was in the joint, the staff was not even a tiny bit friendly and the food was terrible.  Just because you put "famous" in front of a dish, doesn't mean it is going to be good. 

Like I said, we went for lunch here and it wasn't worth it.  It does look like going at night would have been a better idea.
Great prices and friendly service =)

- Hot & honey wings: These were recommended by our waiter and oh so glad we tried them. Just the right amount of sweetness.
- Roast beef sandwich: This comes with horseradish, hot peppers, and aus jus sauce on the side. Solid sandwich. 
- Southwest bacon Burger: My favorite of the night! Loved how the bacon is mixed with the beef, and the fried pickles give it a nice crunch. One of the best burgers I've had in awhile and deserves the Zagat ranking of #1 burger in Philly!
- Hand cut old school fries: Perfect side to the bacon burger.
We used Yelp to find this place and loved it!  Bob, our waiter, was the man!  The bacon burgers were amazing and we ordered almost every appetizer during happy hour.  Would recommend to anyone who loves bar food!
AVOID!!!! RUDE!!!! What a sh*t hole dump. The one-tooth, whistling through his speech, old bartender was the biggest jerk! Never even ordered our food; just walked out after being offended and around the corner. That guy should be working a toll both!
Had a very pleasant lunch experience here. I work right up the street, and in passing, we decided to stop in for lunch. 

I ordered the southwest burger (their burgers are highly rated so I had to try one). I was surprised at how great it was. The waiter said it was a mix of 30% bacon meat. Very delicious meat. Come with fried pickles and pepper jack cheese. I would certainly order it again. Also ordered the curly fries. 

We all had a great meal. The waiter was quite poor, forgot drinks, mixed up our orders - this is the reason I gave only 4 stars. Eat it!
This is actually the worst restaurant I've ever been to in Philly.... and I was born in a restaurant in Philly... Okay, it was a hospital cafeteria, but it counts.  The food was terrible, the service was the same.
Nick's is under new management! Thanks for a delicious lunch guys! The roast beef was excellent. I definitely have got to come try the wings too. Put some single malt islay scotch behind the bar and you got yourself a regular.
This is a great place for an inexpensive meal and good service.  The roast beef sandwiches are good and go for 5 bucks and change.  There is a substantial fry menu with lots of variety and seasonings available.  The menu in general is huge.  I'd call it bar food+.  It should satisfy just about everyone.

This is a dark bar/restaurant with seating in the back.   As the summer heats up you should know they have excellent AC.   Some reviewers have called it a dive bar but I disagree.  It's a step up from that classification.  

If you go you'll have a decent meal, decent service, and walk out with $$ remaining in your pocket.
Beer?  Check!
Philly Cheesesteak?  Check!

Came here on business travel because it was walking distance from the hotel I was staying at.  As I came in, I could see how 'historic' this place was in in the Historic District.  In fact, it was so old, the bathroom didn't have a mirror.  I guess people in 1969 didn't care how they looked or something.

Anyways, this is your typical bar style restaurant where the food is unhealthy but great and the beer is cold.  I had the cheesesteak which was tasty and comparable to your Pat's or Geno's varieties.  The beer was beer.  The bill was decent when compared to surrounding food options.

Come here... unless you need a mirror.
Terrible, terrible, terrible.

We should have known it wasn't going to be great when we walked through the door and we were assaulted with the pungent smell of pee.

Further proof should have come when the fried pickles came and they were soggy and the breading was falling off.

Maybe we should have realized it when my food came out and my veggies were still frozen.

We kept trying, and we kept failing.  This place was really awful.  My food tasted like cafeteria food, and the service was seriously meh.  The server threw one plate down and said "Here!"  It was almost funny, but not quite.

We came here because we stupidly thought that this was a different Nick's that had been recommended to us by some people from Philly.  Too bad we were really, really wrong.
Walked by here with my family, looked it up on Yelp and decided to give it a try. Looked like a ton of locals eating in the table section in the back; so that was an indicator that this is an area favorite and not one of those tourist places. 

Felt like a unique place...not that franchise feel. The staff seemed like nice, normal people. We got the burgers which we had read good reviews about, and it was all true. No frills at this place - you know what you'll get when you order and you know you will like it. And good price too - didn't feel like I was being gauged for a hamburger which is normally the case in waiter service restaurants.
Fun, old Philly bar with a fabulous happy hour! Great place to stop in for a quick drink or two before starting your evening. We just got a few apps that were on special as well. It was typical bar food, but that's all we were looking for.
My friends and I were burned by another bar being too busy to accommodate us for karaoke, so we'd heard that Nick's had Saturday karaoke. That was absolutely false. HOWEVER, we took over the juke box and turned the place into a singalong paradise. We were joined by a jovial man (Nick himself? We were never quite sure if he was an excited patron as well or if he was an employee.) who sang along with us (he did a great rendition of "I Wanna Dance With Somebody") and invited us to dance. It was a treat. A night that will live on in infamy. 

ALSO, I got their thanksgiving sandwich once. It was delicious.
I ate here after a late night show at the Tin Angel.  It was right next door and I felt sorta safe going there... kinda worried about walking to my car but luckily some other people I know ate there too.  I was glad that it was open late on a Sunday night and they still served food because I was hungry.  I was stationed in the Navy, up in Willow Grove PA, so I went back for a visit.  I had a cheese steak here and it was with provolone which is how I like it.  The water was great!  Course the water in CA is crappy.

Parking is near but expensive.
The staff makes the place. Joe is a kickass bartender and the staff was really accommodating to patrons with gluten allergies.
My boyfriend and I finally came here for the first time the other night and we have to say it's the best food/atmosphere in the area! The bartender Joey was really friendly and helped me pick out the breakfast cheesesteak- HIGHLY recommended! My boyfriend ordered the roast beef and it was DELICIOUS. Cannot wait to go back and try their ground bacon burger- yum!!
super cool little bar and restaurant. Niclole is a really nice bartender.  we enjoyed sitting at the bar enjoying a couple drinks.
Love this place!! Great food and drinks. Get the bacon burgers you won't regret it! Joe and Nicole are the best
Ever crave a couple beers & a casual meal before a show at the Tin Angel (or the Khyber for us old sentimental suckers... or Upstairs at Nick's for those of us with a birds eye view of the geriatric ward)? 

Well, Nick's is just about all you need. They'll have the game on, they'll serve you cold larger & the roast beer sandwich & chicken fingers (and wings) are really quite good.

Oh, and you'll be glad you didn't suffer through the shi shi menu at Serrano... which, unless that's the sort of menu you're seeking, seems like a pretty cruel way to hoodwink folks into preferred seating for shows at Tin Angel.
Accidentally enter the bar before the movie, and find a great place to eat and hangout in the Old City, Philadelphia. Meatballs are surprisingly good. Love the tomato sauce. The Roast beef sandwich is fantastic. I can tell all the dishes are carefully prepared and the taste is elegantly balanced. The service is quite comfortable, and the happy hour deal is a bargain. If I will visit the Philadelphia any time soon, I would definitely eat here.
Lots of exciting new things happening at Nicks Bar and Grille. First is the name change, because as the new shirts say...."they are more than just roast beef".  Not to worry though all the favorites are still on the menu but they have added smoked wings, pulled pork and smoked ribs! YUM!
Nick's is the best bar in Philly!! And trust me I've been to hundreds. First, the owner, Joey, and the bartenders, both named Joe, have created an atmosphere that is very welcoming to everyone from local neighborhood people to visitors from all over the world. Their service is impeccable! 
   You can stop into Nick's at any hour for a roast beef or amazing burger. Sit at the bar and have a chat with the people next to you. It will quickly turn into a party. Buy a round of Fireball shots and root for the E-A-G-L-E-S. Step outside for a smoke and join the 2 street scene. The Old City locals will embrace you as one of their own. 
      There's only one Nick's in the world. It's one of a kind!!
I'm big on neighborhood bars. I've moved quite a bit in my time here on earth and when I do, I always make it a point to find 'that' bar that will be my spot for good food, decently priced drinks and a great staff and/or customers. Nick's is my Philly neighborhood bar. I live a block away and among a million choices in Old City to claim that sacred place in my heart (and my wallet), Nick's filled that spot. I don't necessarily need the frills. I like the great food  - roast beef is delicious, thanksgiving sandwich anytime of the year (in love), homemade mozz sticks and much more - a friendly staff and an owner (Joe) that makes you feel like family from the first time you meet him. Absolutely a recommendation. My only gripe is getting better craft beer selections! :)
Awesome cheesesteaks! I hear the roast beef is the item to get specifically. Buffalo wings were on point! Onion rings were greasy. This place is perfect if you get a seat at the bar, your favorite team is playing, and a delicious sandwich is in front of you. If I lived closer would definitely make this a regular spot.
Best cheesesteaks and they even have one for BREAKFAST!

I love Nick's!  Pretty much everything I've had to eat here is delicious and fresh and the drink specials really can't be beat for Old City!  Seriously, check out their happy hour sometime!  I recently discovered the Breakfast Cheesesteak and haven't been able to stop recommending it to everyone I meet.  Classic cheesesteak topped with crunchy bacon and a fried egg!  Best hangover cure, for sure!!!
My weekend trips to NYC, Philadelphia, Chicago, well, any city really, always consist mostly of eating great food, going to "local' bars, and meeting new people. The sites bore me, the trendy places are overpriced, so I seek the bars I think I would go to if I lived there. Nick's is one of those places. 

My girlfriend and came across Nick's when we were walking to the Old City, and were honestly drawn in by their cheap beer prices. What got us to stay is the friendly bartenders, awesome owner, and the great conversation. We drank beer, ate food, and it was all great. Service was top notch, and the people we met at and behind the bar are the types of people that will continue to bring me to Philadelphia weekend after weekend. Will definitely be returning when I go back.
Best curly fries ever! Definitely recommend the apple bacon burger with bbq sauce, the roast beef and the breakfast burger
Great food!

It always feels comfortable at Nicks.  And John and Jack are great guys to hang out with.  Thanks for keeping a great place going for over 30 years.  Josh McCallen
if youre coming here for a yum friday dinner & beer in the back booths like we did, you will be happy. this was our 2nd time here & we got the same booth as last time, 2 ppl in a booth is perfect as they are smaller sized booths. trivial pursuit cards tucked into the menu holder may entice you to quiz your seat mate but you may or may not get sticky hands. part of the charm. anyway. i dont eat meat & i couldnt decide what to get, which is always a GOOD sign. so i went with eggplant parm on a long roll, a trusty favorite you dont see everyday. oh my goodness, yum. like others have said, 1 sandwich could feed 2. it arrived hot, open faced & provolone covered just how i like it.  the eggplant was so crispy fried & the sauce was heavenly. i bet you dont hear that about eggplant parm much these days. my fiance was jealous even tho he got his fave, some kind of sandwich with bacon. we both ordered our own fries off the "fry gallery menu" (big mistake bc these fries are gigantic). i prefer the straight up plain ones, he got cajun powder, cheese & peppers on his. anyway they have beers too & you will leave super full.  ps the sandwiches are like $5.  we spent more on three draft sam adams than on both our entrees. of course the fry gallery experience upped the price a bit. rounding out to a nice under $40 dinner of belt busting delish & tipsy/food drunk happiness. i have to give 4/5 bc i dont know that i'd traverse the city for this place, but it is a super awesome Neighborhood-feel place w great food. so if you dont live in the same block like i do, i would recommend it as a great after happy hr dinner location.
I'm not really a fan of this place.  When I saw the sign for Nick's Roast Beef, I thought it was one of the real Nicks Roast Beef locations.  Unfortunately, after ordering i realized it's not.  The food was a big disappointment and it doesn't hold a candle compared to the original.
The service here is actually offensive. The food is good but if you have plans after make sure you give yourself 3 hours in advance because this place moves in slow motion and it isn't even busy.
Tried their roast beef.  Taste was rather bland for the hype.  Beef was cut way too thick and it was way too dry.   French Fries was the run of the mill broad fries from the bag.  Bartender was very friendly.
Amazing happy hour special.  Domestic drafts $1.75.  $5 selected appetizers.  Roast pork sandwhich comes on a kaiser roll as opposed to long roll which caught me off guard but had the fixings with it: pickle, hit peppers and horseradish all on the side.  No fries with the sandwich though.  Chicken fingers app was fairly large.  Nachos weren't anything to write home about but the fries excelled.  The French fries were boardwalk cut with the skins on them.  Came out extra hot and crispy.  The kind of cut you want to throw some malt vinegar on.
The roast beef sandwiches are beyond compare, and the only valid basis upon which to judge the mightiness of Nick's.  If you haven't gone yet, what are you waiting for?
After popping our heads into several bars on 2nd and finding them too crowded or too smokey, we decided to make Nick's work. I pushed myself through the crowded entrance forcing my husband to follow me and I was pleasantly pleased when I found two seats at the end of the bar. Bar service was prompt and friendly!! At our bartenders suggestion I ordered their wings and they might be the best wings I have ever had!! They were juicy with a nice smoked flavour on the inside and crispy, without being greasy, on the outside!! You control the bbq sauce and you have 3 to choose from!
My husband ordered their 'roast pork' and although it was excellent he was disappointed because he meant to order the pulled pork! lol!! men!!
I will be back to try a burger as I was told it's a blend of ground beef AND ground bacon!!  I just needed to be a bit hungrier......
Their new BBQ-focused menu is very good. The rubbed, applewood smoked, and fried wings are AMAZING! You also must try their baked beans. Pulled pork and burgers are ace. The beloved roast beef is still there. Definitely give Nick's in Old City another look -- great beer bar menu with new cocktails, too!
Wow! Fantastic burger. For lack of a better way to say it, the burger melts in your mouth. The Cowboy burger is flavorful without being drenched in bbq and making a mess. The cheese steak tacos, recommended by the bartender were perfect. Just the right amount of spice with the hot cherry pepper mayo. We'd love to come back for another bite!
very good service, and has a wonderful bouncer / manager [the older gentleman], me and my girlfriend came in one late and weren't sure if it was open to eat or just the bar was open. the manager came over and greeted us, sat us at any spot we like, the food came out fast and was delicious as always. my girlfriend ordered a couple drinks, and the guy didn't charge us either, he was very nice and we will keep coming back when we can get a sitter for the kids. we enjoyed his company as he was pleasant to speak with as well. thank you for the wonderful entertainment... well to this older kind gentleman, and also the wonderful food and drinks. thank you again for your amazing customer service to your customers.
Thank you Nicole for being such a great bartender at Nick's for our annual dive bar crawl from Twisties Tavern at the shore....The drinks were great along with the food....We all can't wait to see you again and make sure you stop by next year at twisties
Nick's Roast Beef of Old City is a bar, and a slightly dingy-looking one at that. The bartender there that night was funny and didn't waste any time when it came to making drinks. The place was crowded and the crowd was boisterous. People were cheering along a sports game.

I had a the best stuffed mushrooms I've had in recent memory, with a spicy, tangy dipping sauce (recommended). Their cheesesteaks are ho-hum but tender and warm. Get the mozzarella cheese sticks, they're sure to satisfy.

Worth a visit if you don't mind a crowd. Cheap, tasty food.

UPDATE: Came back for dinner in December and sat in the back - got a variety of sandwiches, which weren't half bad (the roast beef club isn't all that, but I'm not a fan of roast beef anyway) fried mushrooms, and an order of "hot" wings. Jessica (our server) brought out everything fast, and I still love their stuffed mushrooms.
A little pub type restaurant on the outskirts of Old City.  Very reasonably priced and a wide variety of items on the menu.  Portions were huge.  Waitstaff was not particularly friendly, but got the job done.  The Roast beef itself was kind of dry on a hoagie (a grinder or sub depending on where you're from), but my friend had the pork and loved it.
