As always, my lunch at Ninja was truly enjoyable. I just love everything about this place. The decor is so funky and cute, I'm totally obsessed with the upside down roses hanging from the ceiling. The lunch menu is so reasonable. I always order the Chicken Hibachi ($6.99) You start with a bowl of miso soup and a salad. The Hibachi chicken is paired with fried rice and mixed vegetables- "yum-yum" sauce and ginger sauces on the side. Whatever is in that sauce that they use here to cook everything in is simply delicious. I specifically come to this restaurant to have this meal. The service is good and fast. In and out during lunch hour. I would recommend coming here!!!
A friend has been recommending this place for months, constantly touting the cheap prices. Unfortunately the 50% off everything, all the time is just a gimmick. Our bill was not much less than our regular sushi spot. I wish we had gone there instead.

When we arrived we were immediately seated downstairs instead of up, which was more lively and had nicer decor. Downstairs booths have very dim lighting and menus were tough to read without our phone's flashlight. Service was friendly but slow even though we were the only people there.

Now for the sushi; I think their 50% off refers to the quality of the food. The fish was limp and warm. Sauces all tasted the same and the sushi that was not supposed to be spicy... was hot and spicy. We even double checked with our server and he confirmed that it was not spicy. Oh well, he was wrong and so were we for listening to our friend. 

We didn't complain about our orders. It took so long to get our food we didn't feel like waiting for more terrible sushi. We couldn't wait to leave. Definitely a one and done. We won't be back.
Sitting here at the end of my meal and updating my rating from 4 to 5 stars. Why...? Let me make my case by describing my most recent visit. 

1. It's prime time on a Thursday night, the restaurant looks busy, and we're told it will be a 10 minute wait for a party of two. We're seated in about 2 minutes.

2. As we walk upstairs to be seated, we're greeted by a man who's face seems to just naturally be in a smile. (: Makes us feel welcome and takes us to our seats. 

3. Our drink order was taken promptly, and out came 2 glasses of Cabernet FILLED TO THE BRIM! Well worth the $5.50

4. Free edamame (huge basket) is brought out as part of a promotion when we check in on yelp. 

5. Sushi chef brings us a beautiful dish (actually two beautiful dishes for my wife and I) -- a core of crab meat delicately wrapped in an outer layer of sliced avocado -- and say it's on the house. When the server takes our plates I ask what it's called so we can order it again -- turns out it's not even on the menu! (:

6. My wife ordered a Lobster Bomb Roll, I ordered the chicken/steak hibachi and we got a spider roll to split. Everything came out gorgeously plated and the food was delicious.

7. For dessert, the peanut butter and spumoni truffles absolutely hit the spot.

8. And finally, when the check came, it came with two guava candies (which happen to be my wife's favorite). That made her happy, and the fact that the check didn't hurt my wallet made ME happy. Only downside of the whole evening is that as I'm leaving, my stomach now hurts -- but hey, that's on me for eating like a fat man!

So anyway, that's why I'm giving Ninja 5 stars. We need to come here more often!
Wanted to start with I love the place and food here. 
Everything is delicious every single time. 
But this is 1 star review. 
Yesterday from the moment we set down and before we got our food we spent 1 hour and 50 minutes to get our 6 rolls of sushi. Are you serious?! I understand it was Saturday and busy. But sitting at the table for almost 2 hours?!!!! 
We also ordered Kani salad what came out after 50 minute wait. 50 minute wait for a salad?!!!!
Not even once manager or waiter, or whoever came out to check on us. We could've left and no one would even notice. 
When the wait is that long, you should at least come to the table and ask if we need more water, or keep us updated. 
How about offer free edamame or something at least to keep us busy. 
I don't think I'm ever going back there on the weekend.  
I hope the quality of food won't go down since they are so busy.
I call this place douchey sushi, mostly for its outrageous decor and egotistic crowd. First the good; service is prompt and warm, meals come out in a reasonable amount of time. Plus this is now probably the cheapest Japanese joint in the area (8 bucks for a chicken hibachi platter ain't bad). Their sushi is decent, but others in the area have superior versions of the rolls I got. (One of my rolls had soggy, chewy seaweed which is the number one biggest sushi no-no for me). Plus the clientele on a Saturday was grating, there's nothing humble about this place, which is a trait I find endearing in food establishments. But to each their own. Not bad, just mediocre in the end.
Giving Kyoto down the street a run for their money. We like this place a lot! A healthy, needed option for the area. 

Rolls are cheap and half price. Some of the vegetarian rolls are as cheap as $2.00! The speciality rolls however are standard price. 

Stunning chandelier over the steps between the first and second floors. Fun lights, but unfortunately they added these cheesy faux roses which now make the place look super tacky. I just want to reach up and take them down. Other than that, decor is fairly nice. 

I don't always want rice on my rolls so I get the hand rolls which are beautiful and delicate. The AAC is a favorite. Asparagus, Avocado, Cucumber. They are great and are my new go to here as other places won't alway make them for me. Light, crispy and fresh!

The service is hit or miss. We've had both extremes so that needs some touching up. 

This place is a good option for both large parties or small when in the NE. 

Would I head up here just from the city just for this place? No, but put it in your list when in the area. Maybe even grab takeout to go back into the city as you'll never see prices like this down there! 

They cater too! I mean, who wouldn't love a sushi filled party! Something different! 

BYOB and cheap.

**dont forget your free edamame with check in!
Can't beat this sushi/hibachi place! It's one of the few around this area that actually has really good fresh tasting sushi. If you go- try the 2 for $20 meal deal or get the chicken fried rice which is served inside a half of a pineapple. 

I came with my sister for one of our sister dates- we were seated promptly and were seated in the middle of the restaurant in front of a tv. It was a bit uncomfortable cause everyone was looking at us- well the tv and it made us feel weird like they were looking at us. Some restaurants need to get a clue- not everyone wants to have a  to watch while out to eat. The location of the tv bugged the crap outta me- but that wouldn't ruin my experience. 

The service was half decent and the waitress seemed to know the menu pretty well when we had questions about certain rolls. We ended up getting the 2 for $20 meal and chose sushi rolls we never had before. We also ordered the pineapple chicken fried rice which we shared- it was a large portion! Perfect for sharing! The rice was so tasty- the rolls were fresh and the food overall was really good. 

I also been here before during lunch hours and they have some pretty good lunch specials. I'll deff be coming back again-
We came at around 7pm on a Tuesday night, we were seated on the top floor which was absolutely beautiful, the lighting, chandeliers, and the overall atmosphere was romantic classy and welcoming.
The sushi and food was a great 5 star experience. Here comes the kicker though; we were not served or offered any water, no napkins, or chopsticks were given to us until we waved to the waitress to bring it to us, when we asked for some napkins she came with exactly 2 napkins. We also had to wait for our food for a very long time. 
I would recommend this place for takeout since the food is good, but if you're looking for quality service this is not the place to go to.
If a friend were to ask me where I wanted to go for sushi I normally will always pick Ninja. It's close to where I live and their sushi is just too good. I've been here too many times to count and I can only think of one time where my service really wasn't great. Since the good outweighs the bad this place definitely gets four stars from me. 

It's rare that I don't order the miso soup for a starter. I love me a good cup of miso. For my sushi entree, if I'm not sharing with a friend I usually will only order two rolls. There sushi has always filled me up SO quick. If I could confidently recommend any of the rolls it would definitely be their Spider/Dragon roll, Spicy Tuna roll, and their Rainbow Roll. MMM, just so good. 

When you walk in you are usually told to walk upstairs and 9 out of 10 times you're greeted immediately and brought to a table. The restaurant is clean and it's BYOB which is always a positive!
If we can't have a Vic's in our side of town, then Ninja will do.   Quite well, I might add.  

Appearance:  I Iwas startled by the richness  of the interior, which completely belies the building's  forgettable exterior and location.
The walls are slate-covered everywhere you look.  The take-away waiting area is flanked by two comfy, leather-covered banquettes. And the first floor dining room is dimly lit--romantic even--and appointed with leather banquettes and leather-clad dining chairs.   I, however, could live without the Christmas lights that are hung here and there.   They distract from the "bones" of the space. 

Food:  The sushi (all we've ordered to date) has been consistently terrific.  The Mister's fav rolls include the yellow-tail scallion, shrimp tempura, white tuna and salmon avocado.  Mine include the Philly (smoked salmon and avocado (cream cheese deleted)).  We are not fans of any of the spicy rolls because the fish is ground up and mixed with the spicy sauce (it's an idiosyncratic textural issue rather than a freshness or flavor problem).

Service:  Service has been prompt and efficient.   On a couple of occasions, we have placed in person our take-away sushi order, and in both instances, our order was ready to go in less than 15 minutes.   Thanks to our friend Billy for pointing us in Ninja's direction.
I been to this restaurant quite a few times for lunch, dinners and special occasions.  The food is good but the service is lacking.  At prime eating times you can wait anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour for your sushi.  This long wait gives you an opportunity to chat and drink your byob wine (or other drink of choice) but if you are in a rush or looking for a quick bite-this place is not for you.

 

I typically go for the 2 for $20 deal they offer when I visit.  The 2fer comes with an soup or salad, an appetizer to share and two 2 entrees.  The entrée can be a hibachi mean or 2 regular rolls and 1 special roll.  I always opt for the sushi and my goto's are shrimp tempura, spicy crab and the kani  Roll.  The kani Roll is my favorite roll-it's basically a fried California roll.  It may sound strange but it tastes delish.  

 

I haven't been here for a few weeks after waiting over an hour and a birthday dinner.  I would just order take out but I don't for 2 reasons.  1. Sushi is best fresh and 2. the 2fer deal is not available with takeout.
Ninja Sushi Hibachi is LIT. When I say lit, I mean the lights. The restaurant is decorated year round with lots of lights like it's Christmas or New Years, so you can't miss it when driving down Bustleton Ave.

I decided to plan a friend's birthday dinner here. The service was slow. It took 30 minutes to receive our appetizers and entrees. I started with the Avocado Salad and a Miso Soup. The Avocado Salad was fresh and delicious. The Miso Soup tasted decent as expected. My BF and I shared a variety of Nigiri sushi and rolls. The pieces of fish were generous, but not fresh. The quality was lacking. None of the rolls tasted spectacular. I was not impressed. They don't offer mochi ice cream or any ice cream here, which is strange to me. They do offer truffles for dessert, which is a bit odd for a sushi restaurant. 

Overall, not the best experience in regards to food & service. I've had better.
Went as a party of four, on a Saturday evening with reservations. Upstairs was packed, with only an opening or two. Our waitress had the curious behaviour of disappearing into the kitchen for seemingly long periods of time. Combine that with an almost 30 minute wait between appetizers and sushi,  and you might sense my displeasure.

My rolls came to the table first, then the rolls for the other couple a minute or two later. My wife's sashimi roll came last, almost 5 minutes after mine -- of course, I waited before eating -- and she was disappointed at the small size of the 10-piece roll.

While the fish is fresh,  and presented nicely, I have eaten enough excellent sushi to know a properly prepared roll's texture and construction;  4 out of 5 rolls were not rolled but were seemingly squeezed to shape...they subsequently fell apart as you attempted to lift them.

I can't say "Don't go!", but would recommend bringing your patience and maybe average expectations so as not to be disappointed.
Ordered delivery sushi. It was fresh and absolutely delicious.  It came timely and did not disappoint. I got fairly simple rolls because I just had abdominal surgery and had to keep it light, with the exception of one raw roll. Normally I'd go 100% raw but I tried a bunch of cooked rolls and ordered one sashimi roll. Wouldnt hesitate to order again.
I've been  coming to Ninja since the day it opened years ago and never had a negative experience.  The food is delicious, the ambiance is perfect and the entire wait staff are always so accommodating.  Their prices are very reasonable too!

Ninja is THE BEST!
Food is amazing!! Prices so reasonable. Love love love this place!! Chicken hibachi is the best :)
Without a doubt my favorite sushi restaurant ever! I find myself at Ninja a few times a month as well as getting take out from there regularly. The prices are ridiculously cheap & the sushi is ridiculously delicious and fresh, it really does not get much better than that. I've got to say that the presentation isn't as elaborate as other places I've gone to, but when it comes to over all quality, other places don't even hold a light to Ninja.

Rolls I Recommend: 
Star Roll
Hawaiian Roll
Spicy Girl Roll
This is my go-to place for sushi.  Always seems busy but they will seat you quickly and the service is usually great.  I can never remember the names of the specific rolls I like but all are good.  Hibachi meals are also great!
The 2 for $20 deal makes this place worth it.  The sushi is mediocre but you get a lot for your money.  This place is byob which is always a plus.  Also if you don't feel like eating out you can get the 2 for $20 deal to go.
I just love everything about this restaurant. I come here alot for lunch with friends during the work day. The hibachi is great and the prices are on point for lunch. It comes with miso soup and a salad to start. You can have a great lunch out for about $10. The decor in here is real funky and modern as well. I love the hanging roses all over the ceiling. Go here. Have lunch :)
I found myself in the area and have been craving hibachi for months now. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that they had a 2 for $20 special. Now I was dining alone after some retail therapy but I asked my waitress if I could partake of that special if it was only me. She was very accommodating and attentive. Y order was prompting taken with minimal wait for each course. You get an appetizer to share, each patron gets a full sized entree and choice of either soup or salad. I ordered the Giza as my appetizer, told her to just bring me one salad as I had no desire to eat two (not much of a miso soup gal unfortunately). The salad was fresh and unlike other places I've been to, this salad contained more than mere lettuce. I had a grape tomato or two, couple slices of cucumber with an abundant amount of dressing. The gyoza came out next. They were as you'd expect... About average. Then the two entrees came out. #1 was the chicken and steak hibachi meal. This comes with veggies and fried rice. It was mouth watering scrumptious and absolutely on point. My choice for entree #2 was a three roll special. Not being much of a seafood lover, I picked: sweet potato roll, chicken tempura and spicy tuna. The first twin were quite good. I was pleasantly surprised that they even had a chicken roll as that is rare among a lot of sushi places. The tuna roll was just ok, not enough of the spicy mayo I guess. All in all, between the pricing and the number of choices I will definitely be visiting this place. 


Ps be sure to check out their ice cream truffles. The pictures made them look enticing, but even with a doggie bag worth of leftovers I just didn't have enough space during my first visit. I'll be sure to try them the next time around.
OK! So we've been coming here at least monthly since it opened - it's actually one of my favorite local sushi spots now. Just went again tonight and wanted to post an update since the first time coming here.
The sushi is hands down on spot. It's fresh, nicely sized, and really well made. My favorites right now would be the Japan One and Flaming Heart rolls. However, every roll I've had to this point has been tasty.
The staff are super friendly and helpful, just like the opening week. Really nice people.
My only suggestion that I noticed lately is that the hibachi dishes have been slacking a little. The past couple times we've either had our dinners drenched in too much teriyaki or overcooked meats. 
But this is still my fav sushi spot nonetheless and still going to come back monthly :)
I thought this place was alright. I came in with the wife and the mother in law recently during the week for dinner. We enter and MIL doesn't have an easy time up stairs, so I ask if we can sit on the first floor, and apparently we can't. So we scale the 25 stairs or so up the stairs - which is no problem for an able bodied person. If you or someone you are dining with has a problem with stairs - be warned. 
We go upstairs and it is decorated very elegantly. It is surprising because it is much nicer than the exterior or even the first floor had led me to believe.
We ordered a party platter for the three of us and an additional special roll and it was all pretty good. Most of the rolls did not have fresh fish, so it was tough to judge the quality of it. From what we did have, the tuna and salmon seemed OK, and the albacore was good. The cooked fish and seafood was very good, particularly the soft shell crab. They did put lettuce in a couple of the rolls, which I strongly dislike as I see it as cheap filler that does nothing to enhance the experience. So if you're like me and detest lettuce in sushi, make sure to order rolls without it and to the follow up with a question. Did not try their other food, so can't comment on that.
The service was actually very good. They do a good job of using a main waiter for each table and then they have a busser type of person that helps out. It's a very good system and effective for creating a pleasant dining experience. 
The prices were very reasonable although do not be misled by their large 3.99 lunch special sign outside. I was surprised that they offered such a deal. While I visited, I was there for dinner, but curious about the lunch special deal as it seemed incredible. The lunch special is vegetable fried rice. That's not a lunch, that's a side. They had other lunch specials that were more than 3.99 and also more than a side dish. 
I would not be opposed to coming back here. They had a bunch of special rolls that looked very interesting that I did not try. However, with so many sushi-japanese restaurants in the area that have already won my heart and are wheelchair accessible, I doubt I'll be back anytime soon.
This is another half-off sushi joint that isn't bad, but isn't particularly good. 
The space is dark with a fun, young vibe. The service is good, with attentive waitstaff, and a hostess who seats you quickly. In terms of sushi, the fish is fresh, and the combination rolls are interesting, but the sushi rice is not good. Sushi rice is something that seems to fail at most establishments in the area (still looking for a place that makes good sushi rice). The "Japanese soda" is just Ramune, and it would be better if they labeled it as such. I guessed it was probably that, but just in case it was something different, I ordered it. How silly to not list it as what it is! 

This is not a place to go out of your way for, however if someone wants to go, it's not bad.
Ninja offers cheap prices including their 2 for $20 deal featuring an appetizer and two entrees for $20. The staff is also friendly and attentive, but not very coordinated. We were asked multiple times what beverage we wanted and informed different waitresses/waiters that we had already been taken care of. I think they definitely need to work on coordinating tables. 

The Asian food is definitely more accommodating to American palettes because it lacks authenticity. The pad thai was not made with the typical type of noodles and a bit sticky and unsatisfying in taste and texture. I also got the steak hibachi. The best part of that dish was the vegetables. The steak was firmer than I asked for and the rice was saturated in sauce. The restaurant is run by many Chinese workers and their lack of knowledge for the other Asian cuisines they serve is evident. 

If you are not too picky about Asian food and want a good deal, Ninja is a good suggestion for you. The decor and atmosphere is definitely a selling point about the restaurant. However, if you are a little more snobby about Asian cuisine like me, this will definitely not be a satisfying experience.
Grand Opening! Third half-price sushi/hibachi place to open in the area within a couple years. This place looks the nicest tho. Let's see how the food is... =}

...The food was amazing. My friend got five sushi rolls and they were all great. I got sashimi and the fish was like butter it melted in your mouth. This will be my go-to sushi spot from now on.
Love this place! I always order to take out and everything is always amazing! I will definitely say everyone need to try this place out!! 

Best sushi in town! 

The only thing is I wish they would offer delivery services!
Short review - out of all of the meals ordered over this covid-19 lockdown thing ... this meal was by far the best of 'em all. 

the chicken tempura roll was not quite on par with Ahi sushi but everything else was far superior. 

I especially enjoyed the pineapple fried rice. 
Looking to order out sushi ? Ninja will not disappoint.
Love Ninja. I've never eaten inside their restaurant, but my office does takeout from them every once in awhile (not often enough). Sushi can be very sketchy, fairly easily and the quality of this place is great. Prices are on par for quality sushi as well.
This place is simply amazing. The prices are great, the waiters/waitresses are really polite, and the atmosphere is the icing on the cake. What's better is it always smells good whenever I go. Highly recommended whether you want to go on a date or just grab take out.
Gross food and dirty place. Wait staff varies, they are either helpful and nice or nowhere to be found and rude. I would be cautious of any place that uses so many aggressive discounts to advertise.
Amazing food I literally come here every week the sushi is always fresh and they never over do the rice. Recommend everyone go here . The tuna pizza is my favorite appetizer and you really can't beat their two for 20 deal
So good! Great atmosphere around the way sushi joint. 
Great deals,menu and comfortable space. 
Free Yelp deal,no pics tonight I was too busy eating.
This is a great sushi place to go to. I've been here numerous times and always enjoy the food. They have just recently redone the upstairs and it looks great and has way more seating available. You can usually be seated fast and the food comes out right away. The price is very inexpensive compared to other places I have been too. They also give out free popcorn in the waiting area which is nice.
This is my favorite place in Philly for sushi. Now I've been to many places and this place blows the rest away. The food is great and the place itself is clean and servers are friendly and always willing to accommodate. Oh and did I say the food is great? Always fresh and they make it right there in front of you. Some favorites you can't go wrong with are the shrimp tempura roll and crispy California roll. Great place!
I was a bit apprehensive at the 2 for $20 sign they had advertised. I mean, what caliber of food were we going to receive that included an appetizer, salads, and 6 rolls...for $20? Well, granted... happen to stop by there coming back from King of Prussia, starving, and on the Saturday before Valentines Day. It seemed like every young teenybopper borrowed $25 from their parents to take their significant other on a date. Crowded. They definitely need to improve their system for getting their customers in and out. Finally make it upstairs and sat for more than 10 minutes without being greeted. (Again, customer flow system in need of revamp) Went to ask whom I presumed to be someone in charge with a walkie-talkie and he promptly came over, was very apologetic. Comped up two drinks (wine) and had someone sent right over. I am so big on customer service, and this returned my smile. 

Food came out. Salad was typical with ginger dressing. My cousin checked in and we had free spring roll. Fresh and hot! Then the sushi arrived. The rolls that they had on the menu were your pretty much traditional safe goto rolls. Taste was acceptable. Could not help but to look to the tables to the left and right of us, who definitely elected to not go with the 2 for $20. Their rolls looked so appetizing! 

Would definitely come back and try other rolls again if in the area. Due to distance (45 minutes from home) would not go out of my way to return. 

It is BYO, and people definitely bought and brought a little bit of everything. This party next to us had a 24 pack of beer. LOL. This might be why the wait time is so hard to control.
As a Sushi carnosaurus rex, I can honestly say that this place is among my new favorites. The food is exceptional, the service is top shelf and attentive, and the sushi chefs are as professional as it gets.

The decor is beautiful and upscale, although it has a nice casual flare. It even offers flat screens TV's with news and football in certain areas.

My wife and I ordered 5 sushi rolls. Each roll included different ingredients, and had its own unique presentation. The flavor was phenomenal and was not overpowered or lost in excess rice. 

This place is must of your looking for ASIAN cuisine. So good we may come back, just to watch the football games.
One of my favorite sushi/hibachi places in northeast Philly. It's BYOB, who doesn't love gnat?! The food is delicious and always fresh. I am in love with their pineapple shrimp fried rice.
Bad service food not the greatest do not eat here Servers are very unwelcoming. You are better off eating mall food court sushi
Best half priced sushi around. Decor is great rolls are delicious. Waiting times are not long. Service is great. I would recommend anyone to go here if they are looking for great half off sushi.
Today was my first time here. The service was actually better than I expected. The waiters checked up a couple of times to see how everything was doing which was nice. I was a bit hesitant since I saw other reviews about their "poor" service. However, today proved me wrong. The food was also good. I would say that the wait for the food wasn't bad either. I really enjoyed the fried ice cream, too! Overall, I liked it.
Been going to ninja since their grand opening.  They have amazing sushi and hibachi. It's always fresh food. The staff is very friendly and always so welcoming. Our favorite sushi rolls are black angel and crispy spicy salmon roll. Also recommend the shrimp and chicken hibachi. Also they have a GREAT 2 for $20 deal! Comes with a lot of food! We come here ALOT! 5 stars!!!
Nice environment. Good food. Great 2 for $20 deal. Good parking. Only complaint was the pop music they had playing pretty loud. Wasn't even the original versions of the songs. I would have preferred some Chinese or Japanese music and maybe at lower volumes but then again the volume may have been for compensating for the renovating going on. They gave us a 10% discount during renovations which was nice.
I've been here numerous times! Every time the sushi is fresh and tasty! We love the Byob feature. Who doesn't like 50% off sushi either! We will keep coming back!!
This restaurant was DELICIOUS!!!!! The tuna pizza is so good. I highly recommend the Ninja Sashimi roll. My mom loved the teriyaki shrimp! We will definitely be coming back!!!
Wishing i could give stars only for the food. After being a regular customer for over five years and my friend's who go also. I'm absolutely horrified by the treatment my mother and I received today. Today we went for lunch to celebrate my birthday. Usually the wait staff is kind and attentive. Today, our waitress was attentive until a group of four men was seated behind us. Mind you, we were one of three occupied tables. Once the group sat down, she totally ignored us and never came back to take our next order, fill the water, another waitress took our dessert order and then the bus boy gave us the check. Then a totally seperate waitress gave us our paid receipt. When we attempted to get her attention, she acted as if we didn't exist. Our thinking is perhaps she felt she could get a larger tip from men? Overall, I told all of my friends and we all agree that they've lost our patronage. Eva is the worst waitress ever. Never going back. They're losing a lot of money behind this. For the first time ever, we decided not to tip and we tip over 25%.
If you're someone that wants quantity over quality then this is the place. If you're on a budget this is a great place for a date. I got a hibachi dinner and sushi for under 20 bucks. You cant get there anywhere else. The steak was a little bit chewy but the hibachi rice was on point. I was a little sketched out by the sushi but hey don't ever be a brat about 6 bucks sushi yanno? I would come back here if I'm ever running low on cash and want a smorgasboard of food
Better than their competition Kyoto. Sushi is always fresh. The service is good. Overall it's s great place to have sushi at a great price!
The waitress kept skipping over people when taking their orders. Some people got their entrees before others had their order taken. My dad has his order taken after the second group of people got their entrees. Just weird. The food was underwhelming also. Had the rubber chicken pad Thai. Bad food, bad service. Not coming back.
Absolutely the best sushi in the area. The place is inviting with great service, and the food is delicious. We go there twice a month to eat sushi. Always fresh and clean. The best roll is the tuna jalapeno roll.
I'd give this place five stars, but their service REALLY SUCKS. They take forever to come get your order, bring your food and refill drinks. I cant complain enough how much they suck at service. I've been maybe 15-20 times since they opened and it gets worse it seems like. The food is always good though and very reasonably priced. Its my favorite sushi place in the Northeast.
My favorite sushi place as of yet!

Been here twice now after the gym, and the place is VERY clean, fast service and cheap prices. For those who enjoy sushi I highly recommend eating here. The gf gets the Pad Thai which comes in a huge bowl (where she eats the other half the next day). 

This kicks butt on Sakura / Akira. Once you go to Ninja, you won't go back to those.
Prompt service! Nice decor! Pretty good sushi rolls and sashimi! Sweet prices! Tried their all sushi roll meaning no rice in the roll! Finally a true low carb option! Will def go back!
Pretty good service and value for lunch special. Had bento box for $11 and it was reasonable portion with salad included.
This place is a hidden gem. The sushi is one of the best in the neighborhood. Service is ok but the food is great. The oysters are always good and fresh!
Another fabulous meal and excellent service. Decor is so beautiful I think I would pay to just come in and admire it as I relax. So glad I found this place a while back, I just wish it was a little closer to me.
Ok so I love this place .... This is the best sushi place in NE Philadelphia if you want to get sushi closer then center city.  Great prices... Amazing sushi and very clean compare to other sushi places here.
Wow. Just picked up a $53 order of sushi and noodles. For this type of place that's a big order. THE WORST. The 2 guys at the register could not have cared less about anything until I finally asked where my food was after sitting there for 20 minutes. 
I rarely give this poor of a rating. The noodles were off/ sour I spit them out. The sushi (and mind you I ordered some higher end rolls ) warm, literally warm. The tako (octopus) was like leather the spicy yellow tail was plain awful. The "specialty ($10++) rolls were one dimensional no texture no flavor and again. WARM. I mean I literally picked up the food which I waited for so I assume it was just made. Brought it out to my car and opened it WARM SUSHI. There's dozens of other places. Trust me, go elsewhere.
This place is in a popular location but I would probably go out of my way for a different sushi place. It's usually very crowded and I've always had to wait a while before my food comes. It's a good place, but I'd avoid going there on evenings and especially weekends.
My sis Shirley had us meet here for lunch. It was farther than I expected but worth it!! Our meal was delicious. Sushi rice was some of the best I've ever had. The fish was fresh and overall I loved it, even the cute atmosphere! Next time I'm in town I WILL be back.
This place has some of the best deals on sushi around. They give you a lot of good quality sushi for very reasonable prices. I personally usually get the Hawaiian Roll and Chicken Tempura Roll with a main dish of Chicken Hibachi. It can take a little bit long for your food to come out, but I feel that the prices make up for that, besides it just allows you to talk whoever you're with more.
Decided to stop by Ninja for the first time and I must say this place is pretty amazing. Each roll I got was fresh and super tasteful. The prices are also super affordable!
I thought I posted a review for this place before! I love this place and do not live near here and drive up here for it. Lunch specials are cheap and food and the 2 for 20 is good as well. When I don't come for awhile I have "Ninja Withdrawal".
BYOB! Honestly best sushi / hibachi place around. Prices are great, and food is even better. Service could be better at times, but it depends on who you get / when you go. I highly recommend doing the 2 / $20. You get miso soup or salad with an amazing ginger dressing, an appetizer to share and a meal. For appetizers our favorite is the ninja donuts which is essentially a chicken nugget filled with sweet potato (sounds weird but is amazing) but the spring rolls and pot stickers are great as well.  I don't eat raw sushi but my favorite rolls are the spicy crab, broccoli tempura or the sweet potato (which I swear doesn't even taste like sweet potato). The chicken and steak hibachi is amazing as well. You won't regret trying it! 


Only complaint is they flat out lie about wait times. If you go in on a Friday night they'll tell you "ten min" and 40 minutes later you still aren't seated. It's worth the wait but annoying because you have to stand there in the small foyer because they exaggerate the times. If they told me 40 minutes I would go sit in my car for 30 or leave and come back considering I live 5 minutes away!
I hate to say this, but I don't think I will ever come back to this establishment. The experience I had here a few days ago was absolutely horrendous. 

When we arrived, the host downstairs told us to proceed upstairs and someone up there would seat us. We were seated at a corner table, and it looked like they had placed us there because we were a small party of 2. Well, we were ignored most of the night. In fact, the waitress took 15 mins just to bring a water and a coke to the table. 

We ordered Vegetable Pad Thai noodles to share and I ordered a miso soup. The miso soup came out and was lukewarm. Our Pad Thai also looked like it had been sitting when the waitress brought it to the table. It came out with our order of sushi. It was just a weird setup. I would've preferred to eat the noodles before my actual meal. 

The biggest issue here was the service. Our waitress would make eye contact with us and then just walk away to wait on another table. She didn't come over to ask if we needed drink refills, napkins, if our food came out okay, NOTHING. She was very scatterbrained and didn't pay attention to us at all. She was waiting on the entire back section of the restaurant and it wasn't a busy night. 

Another waiter came over to assist us and he took care of us the rest of the night. He wasn't that much better, but he took our plates off the table when we finished eating and he brought us our drink refills. It took forever for us to get the bill. 

I will not be returning. They need to step up their service if they wish to bring in more clients.
I absolutely love the sushi here. The prices are good and the baked mussels are like my favorite thing in the entire world. My only problem is that the service does take forever most of the time. I come here a lot and there's been times where I've waited over 40 minutes for them to return the check. Other than that love this place.
Saw a few friends go here so I thought I'd give it a shot. When you enter, the place looks nice. The menu is pretty extensive with everything you'd want at a sushi spot. The prices are solid. Now, the not-so-great stuff. They continue to use an outdated menu so what you want to order may not be available/included/offered at that price-point or time regardless of what is clearly stated on the menu. Their response is/will be simply, "the menu is wrong" so there was that. The two appetizers we got were decent but a little expensive. Then came our sushi. We got six rolls (4 rolls were different and 2 were the same) but four rolls looked and tasted exactly the same. I never had this experience at any other sushi places. I thought there may have been a mistake but they insisted there wasn't. Also, the sushi was noticeably cold. All in all, it just wasn't that enjoyable. The service was okay, could definitely be better with timing. I asked someone for the check and after a while, another person came over and I asked them for it and they came back with it before the original person. Instead of this place, I'd recommend going to Kyoto's (a few blocks down) or Ahi Sushi (Red Lion).
This is for take out only. The phone doesn't work so you have to order in person or on their website. Waited 40 min for my first order and then an hour for my second order (2 rolls). No apologies for the wait and many parties were sat while I waited. The  sushi is delicious for a great price, but you need to order an hour in advance for take out and sit down customers will be given preference.
Just ordered through Door Dash. I ordered it at 9:00 after not eating all day. I realize it was close to closing time but as a business owner myself, i treat my last client as I do my first. 

I ordered spicy yellow tail roll, sweet potato roll and shrimp pad Thai. This was my first time eating from Ninja and it will be my last. The spicy yellowtail roll smelled funky but gave it a go anyway. It tasted just as bad but figured it may have been a 1 off. I then ate the sweet potato roll which wasn't the best I've had but wasn't the worst either so I ate it. 
Once opening the Pad Thai it didn't even have a smell. Normally the spices and flavors instantly hit you. Nope. Again, one bite and done. 

I am so disappointed. I just spent close to $30 that  went right into the trash. I will never again eat from this place. Totally gross!
If you want decent, cheap, Americanized Japanese food- you got it. Is it the best I've ever had? No. Is it the most bang for your buck for good food that won't give you food poisoning? Yes. (Which was admittedly my first thought when I saw the $3.99 lunch banner).

Note: they claim they are a hibachi restaurant. They do cook hibachi-style food in their kitchen, which is good, but you're not paying for your usual grillside hibachi experience which was disappointing.
Good local sushi for the price that you're paying if you're not that picky. 2 for $20 deal is awesome. You pick an appetizer and 2 entrees. 
Staff are friendly but not too attentive. If you're planning on dining on the weekends, be prepare for a long wait for your food.
