I really liked how there is a lot of variety in the menu options. The inside of the place is a little small but currently they have outdoor seating in a tent with heaters. 

Overall I had a good experience. Friendly service. They serve fluffy warm bread but they do not serve any butter or oil with it. So we asked for olive oil which was great quality.

We started off with the rice balls and eggplant lasagna. The rice balls were excellent and flavorful! It tasted like fried risotto and the red dipping sauce was delicious. The eggplant lasagna was also good. Very cheesy and saucy. I could tell they used high quality cheeses because the flavors stood out and was also nicely melted. However the lasagna pasta was overcooked so it almost disappeared in the dish. 

Lastly we shared the linguini raffaela which is the seafood pasta. Without even asking, they split the dish for us which was very nice. It was a good dish with perfectly cooked shrimp and crab but it was slightly over salted and I wish it had a little more meat. 

Good place with delicious flavorful plates.
Girls night dinner and my friend who moved close to this restaurant picked it and we all liked the choices on the menu so we booked a Friday night spot. 

Very casual feel and friendly service is the first thing you notice. The 3 of us were sat at the back corner table,  great for people watching.

Let's just jump right in,  Missy ordered French onion soup to start,  mussel frites for main.  Amanda did the cheesesteak dumplings to start,  the special of the night Tile fish for main,  and I wanted the stuffed artichokes but they were out so my second choice rice balls to start and the penne alla vodka for main.  Oh and missy wanted the crab mac & cheese to share in the beginning too (very smart choice). 

We each had a couple glasses of wine,  M went with a red,  A went with moscato and I stuck with a tasty sauv blanc. 

The food was absolutely incredible. Honestly,  everything. M was in the middle of telling us of these other rice balls she's had elsewhere that were her fav, I stopped her in the middle of her sentence and had her try these. She laughed and said nevermind,  these are the best.

The cheesesteak dumplings tasted as if you were eating a cheesesteak from your favorite spot in philly. The crab mac & cheese I had to literally stop myself from eating it all. Creamy,  flavorful,  lots of crab. Excellent job so far. The French onion soup looked delicious and every last drop was devoured. 

Perfect memory fries on the mussels fries. You know like you've had them before in childhood and you loved them memory? The Tile fish was great, big flakey and tasty. The penne vodka with its grilled chicken,  huge portion so I got to enjoy this the next day as well.

Of course we're full but we got dessert. Limoncello cake,  cheesecake,  chocolate torte. Funny the cheesecake here was 100% better than the cheesecake I just had in NYC.  Again,  it was a perfect meal. Can you tell that I'll obviously will be back? :)
Very nice surprise! My friend and I had lunch here cuz of the restaurant week. The lunch menu with three courses is $15. We didn't expect too much. But everything was wonderful. I love the salad and the main course. And omg the chocolate cake was amazing. Definitely gonna come back soon!
Bon Noir!

The food was very good.  My meal was very good.  The Pescatore Linguine was delicious.  The flavors of the sauce was bold and the seafood was cooked to perfection.  Each component, be it scallops, clams, mussels were perfect cooked.  The cheesecake dessert was neither light nor heavy, perfect.

Service was noticeably kind to regulars upon entering.  Sitting at the front end of the bar, service was warmed as the meal continued.
Overall - A-OK.

We went for East Passyunk Restaurant Week. The place is pretty easy to get to - appears pretty early in the East Passyunk neighborhood. I actually parked in the middle of Broad Street and walked down the two blocks on Mifflin Street. 

The signage is pretty clear, and since we went for dinner at nighttime, there was decent street lighting in order to locate the restaurant. 

Inside it's nice, traditional looking, with the bar to the left and small, hightop tables on the right. Once the bar ends, there's a larger dining space with small tables in the back towards the kitchen. The space is actually bigger than I expected and was able to handle a decent crowd during our night dining in. 

When we first sat down, we were served bread to start with some olive oil and chili flakes to garnish. The deal was for a three course menu - starter salads/soups, a main entree (mainly pasta dishes), and then the chef's choice of dessert. 

I ordered their roasted beet salad to start - I enjoyed this a lot! Along with the beets, there was a good mix of greens (arugula and spinach), candied walnuts, some cranberries, and a few fresh fruits to really build the salad. I also liked the vinaigrette they used - a strawberry infused dressing that didn't feel too heavy and complimented the salad well. 

For the main entree, I went with the ricotta stuffed gnocchi. It was the only veggie friendly option on there which was a bit annoying. It was cooked in a fresh red sauce, but I felt the flavors were a bit bland. I added chili flakes and tried to make it more to my liking but it wasn't helping. 

The options for dessert were all cakes - chocolate, cheese, and tiramisu. Everything had egg in it, so I passed on trying anything. Since it's included in the price of the Restaurant Week deal, I packed the dessert to go so I could share with someone else. 

The service was great. Our waiter was sweet and talkative. She refilled our waters plenty, and also let us know about the wine deals they had going on that night. 

I'm glad I tried this place but given the limited options for vegetarians, I'm not keen on rushing back.
Meal: 
Grilled Octopus app and The artichoke app.
I had sensed either or would be fine for lunch but was advised otherwise. 
I was full after the hunks of grilled octopus on a bed of arugula with sliced cherry tomatoes and a heavy lemon dressing. 
I truly enjoyed this 

When the artichoke stuffed with pancetta, breadcrumbs and garlic arrived I was full. What I ate of it was enjoyable and it was beautifully presented. 

The seating area is tight.  I'll come back for dinner sometime and sit at the bar.
We really liked the previous establishment at this address, so we came in with a slight bias, figuring Noir could not be as good as Sticks and Stones.  Further, whenever we walk or drive by Noir we note the ghastly typeface on the metal sign out front.  This also influenced a premature bias. 

But that wouldn't be fair to judge based on those factors....

We decided to sample a few things on the menu.  The nachos were splendid.  Great flavors, fresh taste, proper texture.  The poutine was incredible.  I wouldn't call myself a poutine expert, since i've only been to Montreal once, but given that I was on a mission during that trip to find the best of the best, I will happily say that this fine East Passyunk establishment stacks up really well!  I will most certainly be back for more poutine.  

I think my fiancee had a salad and she wolfed it down.  And I think she said she would be back for more, which is more of a compliment than any of my 4-star ratings on yelp.  

The beer selection is about right.   Not too whacky or overly-pretentious. 

Service was pretty good.  Friendly and cheerful.  The decor is ok - a bit lacking at the moment, but the juke box looks like it's on Texas steroids and actually becomes kind of the center of lighting ambience if you're sitting at the bar.  Ironically, the jukebox doesn't seem to get much play, but perhaps with time this place will attract some decent weekend night crowds to liven things up a bit.  On the other hand, however, I wouldn't mind if it stayed a kind of low-key place where you don't have to wait forever for a table and is conducive to relaxation and conversation.
If my mom was writing this, she would say that she felt like all eyes were on her during our dinner the other night. That was all I kept hearing from her:

"Why won't the server look at you at all when he comes over here?"
"The manager is staring me down from where she's sitting.. over there. Why is she staring me down? This is uncomfortable. Oh.. she's coming over here now. --pause, looks to manager-- Yes! The food is good, thanks. --pause, looks back at me-- Goodness, can I just eat my meal in peace?"

We had gone to Noir for EPRW. They were serving a 3-course, $25-pp meal, which didn't include a dessert portion but was still a good deal.

Upon walking in, we were greeted with an expansive, semi-dark and largely empty bar area. We walked back to the smallish dining area and were greeted and seated at a four-top. Soon thereafter, another party of two was seated at the four-top behind me and I was successfully wedged into my little area. Thank goodness I am not claustrophobic. Saying the tables here are close together is an understatement.

We were given food and drink menus, and you have to ask about their taps if you want beer. We then ordered our meals (and this was the last time the server acknowledged that I existed, but hey -- I'm used to it by now when dining out with my mom. Clearly I have nothing to offer servers since I'm young. ..But can you imagine if I had been treating that night??)

Started off with a small loaf of bread. Pretty basic bread. I have no complaints.

Next were the salads. I chose the traditional caesar for mine. I also have no complaints. Ate every bite of that salad. My mom chose the spinach salad. She ate every bite aside from the cheese -- and really should have given me the cheese. I'll never understand how she doesn't like cheese.

After that, I had the "mozzarella sandwich," and I'm still confused as to how it was a sandwich. It appeared to be cheese inside breading with chunks of tomatoes and olive oil, which to me is a modified form of, um, mozzarella sticks. Just smaller. A slightly odd choice for a "second course," but I'm a light eater so it was filling enough for me. But for people expecting to pick it up and eat it like a sandwich... you're out of luck here. Meanwhile, my mom had the risotto balls for her second course and she really enjoyed them.

For our main and final course, I chose the chicken pot pie and really wish I had not. I think I should've opted for the Montreal Burger. It would've been better, I think, if the filling was within the pie crust, rather than having a floating biscuit-type thing on top of the mix. Additionally, the bottom of the biscuit was burnt, so I peeled it off. Plus, the biscuit itself just simply did not taste that good. Not to mention, I didn't know that the filling would have full mushrooms in it, so I picked them all out. It would've been awesome if their menu actually had detailed descriptions of their food on it rather than just saying, "chicken pot pie with roasted vegetables." Oh, well.

My mom had the penne a la vodka and said the sauce was different than she was used to, but wasn't bad. I tried a piece, and it definitely was not my thing, but hey, I'm sure some people like it.

After this meal, I think I'd only come back to Noir to sit at their bar and try a burger. I had their hot dog concoction at a hot dog festival last summer (just confirmed on my Instagram -- it was one of the first photos I ever posted!) and loved it, so I think they're more of a casual, fun place than a three-course RW type.
I know I'm in the minority when it comes to bad reviews of Noir, but I might as well provide some warning for other diners. 

During the 2014 East Passyunk restaurant week back in February, my friend made reservations for a (birthday! yay!) party of 6 at 7 pm on a Sunday night. I remember the time because the birthday girl wanted to make sure she had time to get back home and watch Walking Dead. I digress.

The restaurant wasn't crowded at all, and there were a bunch of empty tables. We arrived on time for our reservation, but ended up waiting an additional 20 minutes to be seated. I could understand this if it was busy, but it simply wasn't. We'd made the reservation well in advance, too.

We tried to overlook it as we were finally seated. However, it took another 15 minutes or so to even be offered drinks. If it was just me, I would have left, but we were in a large group for our friend's birthday, so we patiently waited. Finally, we were presented with Noir's restaurant week menu (still available here:  http://www.eastpassyunkrestaurantweek.com/25/noir#.U9_S9IBdWKw ), but no regular menus. We just assumed that we could only order from the restaurant week special. 

After placing our drink orders, we placed our orders. Four out of 6 people at the table do not eat meat. We had checked out the online menu ahead of time, and chose Noir because there was the Penne a la Vokda that didn't list any meat. When we looked at the menu presented to us, though, it said it came with grilled chicken. We all figured we could just ask to not have the chicken, and just the pasta. Our server said this could be accommodated.

When our meal finally came out after a long wait (it was almost 9 pm at this point), we found the vodka sauce had a TON of pancetta in it. I mean, it was loaded with it. Many people have dietary issues with pork for a number of reasons, and this wasn't listed on the menu at all. Plus, all four of us had requested to not have chicken with our dishes. I'd assume that a server or cook would perhaps wonder if all meat was out of the question if someone doesn't want chicken on their dish.

When I flagged down the server and explained the error. I told him that the menu didn't say anything about pancetta. He agreed to have the dishes remade, but brought over the manager. She said, too, said the dishes would be remade (which was really all we were asking), but then said "we all can learn from this mistake."

We all? If four people all assume that a dish doesn't include pancetta all at once, all of them ask for no chicken, the menu doesn't mention pancetta, AND your restaurant week menu online wasn't accurate in the first place, how did our table make the mistake?

We didn't point this out, and she never apologized. We needed to get our dinners wrapped up, she never even offered to comp us one of the glasses of wine each of us ordered, AND the birthday girl missed Walking Dead. The non-meat dishes WERE good, but certainly not worth a two hour wait and all that sass.

Fast forward to the East Passyunk Flavors of the Avenue in April. Noir had a table filled with lots of goodies. All of my South Philly neighbours talked up Noir, so I just thought maybe we went on a bad night. Plus, I had nothing to lose by stopping by their table. Their watermelon feta salad was great. I noticed what looked to be rice balls. Before sampling, I asked the woman at the table if they contained any meat, as there were no labels indicating so.

Me: Do these contain any meat?
Noir Lady: They have a little pancetta in them.
Me: Oh, ok, thank you! I'll stick to the salad.
Noir Lady: ::ROLLS EYES:: It's just a LITTLE bit.

She literally rolled her eyes and sighed when she said it! I get that Flavors of the Avenue is a stressful day, but never in my life have I had a server talk to me like that for just asking a question. I didn't make a scene or get on a soap box about my dietary restrictions. I asked a QUESTION. A LITTLE bit of something is enough to really ruin someone's day if they have a health issue, or worse, it could be enough to cause an allergic reaction.

I really hope that I just caught Noir on two bad days. Other locals seem to really like it, but I don't plan on returning to Noir again. I felt like I received a lot of attitude. If you plan on going to Noir and have any dietary restrictions whatsoever, be sure to ask your server very VERY specific questions. Don't just take what the menu says at face value.
Came in a group of six for Restaurant Week dinner and enjoyed the experience overall. The food and drink lists are lengthy, including the RW menu, and everyone seemed pleased with their selections. The portions were all quite large, including even things like lobster ravioli and seafood linguini that sometimes tend to be skimpy at other places--so definitely plan to come hungry. Most of us were too full to enjoy our desserts, but the desserts were so surprisingly good that we ended up eating more of those than we'd planned on. 

My only minor regret was visiting Noir during RW because I feel we did not save much (if any) money over what we would have spent ordering roughly the same amount of food from the regular menu. Viewed from a different perspective, however, it just means there's no reason not to go back and pay "full price"!

(One more note: I called Noir the day before our reservation to change from six to seven guests, and the woman I spoke with was exceptionally friendly and accommodating. Someone else in our group ended up cancelling at the last minute, so we ultimately were only a group of six--but I very much appreciated Noir's willingness to fit all seven of us in had we all been able to make it that evening.)
Ever see Spike Lee's Do The Right Thing? Beware people of color when coming to this restaurant! My friend and I (both Black) came for the first time to have a nice Italian meal. It was clear that we were not wanted there. We sat outside and for some reason were assigned a different server than everyone else. The "outside server" walked past our table multiple times and stared but never spoke. He clearly was friends with one of the couples who sat next to us and stopped frequently to chat them up. The couple also stared at us the whole time (and not in a nice way). Our server was nice enough but stood at least 10-15 feet when speaking to us and was clearly nervous. I eventually asked "Do you ever see Black people at this restaurant?" since its was clear people weren't comfortable. His response was "Yes, they usually come around 9-10 pm" Awkward response! Looking at other reviews with similar complaints, it seems the staff need some racial sensitivity training. The food was average at best. We won't be coming back!
Very easy to get reservations through open table the night before- I'm highly shocked there were times left because this place is  Phenomenal.
My aunt and I went to dinner and we shared the caesar salad which was just right and not overdressed and the rice balls for apps.
I had the crabmeat,shrimp and asparagus in a creamy lobster sauce over linguini that if I could have I would have licked the plate. My Aunt had the linguini and crab gravy which we both agreed was the best we had in a long time. I don't normally get this since it never tastes right however please try it here, you won't be disappointed.
Cocktails are very tasty, I had the tangerine martini. I highly recommend this!
It's kinda small so I would definitely get reservations and I can't wait to come back with my boyfriend.
We love this place...whether for a quick bite at lunch (and a glass of wine!) or dinner out. The pasta is always fresh and I'm obsessed with the spinach gnocchi with brown butter. So good. The rice balls are also a go-to for us...as is the ravioli ...what ever kind is on the menu. Very friendly staff...and a nice atmosphere with good prices.
Noir is a small neighborhood Italian restaurant and bar on E. Passyunk Ave. in South Philly. It's not fancy, far from it. This is an old, mostly residential part of the city, with narrow streets lined with three-story brick row houses, and Noir has the local community vibe.
I had a weekday lunch on a cold afternoon. The bartender/server was very friendly. I ordered hot coffee, and he brewed me a fresh pot. I'm fussy about my coffee, and it was very good.
I ordered the antipasto platter and the penne a la vodka. The antipasto was made up of sliced tomatoes, prosciutto, mozzarella, roasted peppers, marinated artichokes, and olives dressed with olive oil and balsamico. I was offered bread, but I didn't want any. I enjoyed the antipasto.
The penne was excellent, and was a generous portion. The pasta was cooked firm al dente, tossed with more of that good prosciutto, chicken pieces, basil, and garlic in a creamy tomato vodka sauce, very filling and satisfying.
The menu here is interesting, with some unusual dishes, especially for such a quaint place. I would return to Noir, and recommend.
One of THE best restaurants not only on Passuynk Ave, but South Philly. Every single item I've had there on multiple visits are always very taste and fresh. The braised Short Ribs with mushroom raviolis are amazing and if you are looking for an awesome crab gravy, Marco has you covered. Oh and don't miss out on the Cheesesteak Pot Stickers, Crab Mac and Cheese and Rice Balls for the apps, say hi to the owner Donna if she is there. She will treat you like family.
Went here on a Saturday night with reservations through open table. Seat was ready 10 minutes before. This was our second time and this place does not disappoint. The rice balls are a must try, they were just as delicious as we remembered. Diver sea scallops and the lobster sauce linguine were our mains and both were delicious. Great waitstaff and service. We will be back.
We had dinner at Noir on Sunday 2/23. It's a tiny dining area but we did have enough room. The menu is large for such a small place. The staff is kind and helpful and made good suggestions for our ordering.  I had the antipasto platter and it was sensational.  It contained the finest of nibbles and was drizzled with an excellent balsamic vinegar. Its big enough to share for sure. My girlfriend had the roasted beet salad and we substituted blue cheese for the goat cheese. It was also very good. The entrees we ordered were both specials for the night and they were the lobster pot pie and the grilled pork chop with long hots, onions and mushrooms. Both dishes were awesome.  We will return soon!!
Really can't think of a bad thing to say about Noir! It was a very enjoyable experience and I look forward to coming back here undoubtably! 

My girlfriends and I came here for Passyunk restaurant week on Monday. We arrived around 6:30 for a 7PM resi and it was super quiet. I was shocked that it wasn't packed for the great deals restaurant week supplies. However, in less than an hour every chair and barstool was filled. - Noir is very tiny! I would always be safe and make a reservation. 

Because we were early we plopped ourselves down at the bar and ordered a round of drinks. I went for the Kentucky Mule which was bomb! We were seated shortly after that. - Our waitress Lauren was great. She had a few tables on her hands and still managed to be sweet, answer questions, and swift. When it came time for meals I was seriously happy with everything! Each course was better than the last. $35 for three courses. I went with the beet salad to start, lobster ravioli, and the tiarmisu. While the salad was great the ravioli was incredible. Absolutely loved it! The tiarmisu was hands down the best I've ever had as well! 

Always super impressive when a restaurant exceeds its expectations even during a busy, busy week for them! Highly recommend folks!
Loved this place, definitely plan on returning, likely often.  Went here with a few friends for happy hour and had a wonderful experience. The drinks were strong and the food was delicious!

We sat at the bar and were immediately welcomed by the bartender and told the specials they had for happy hour.  We had the spinach salad, rice balls and chicken wings.  The spinach salad was delicious and was a very generous serving given the reasonable happy hour price.  The rice balls were cooked perfectly and had wonderful flavor.  The chicken wings were also delicious.  

Can't wait to come back!
My new "go to" place. 
Quiet enough to read, busy enough to people watch.
A great burger, good sandwiches @ lunch, variety of satisfying appetizers.
The steak is cooked just right.
A fair drink pour.
Good wiFi connection.
Friendly staff, attentive and terrific owner.
Came to Noir for my one year anniversary with my partner. We made reservations beforehand through OpenTable, however, when we arrived, we were given a random table near the bar, even though we explicitly said we had reservations and there were open tables near the back of the restaurant. Thankfully, the confusion was resolved as we told our server AGAIN that we had reservations. I guess we didn't look like the regular crowd that frequents there (my partner and I were the only POC there). 

The service for the remainder of our meal was eh. Bread was given to other tables, but when we asked for some, apparently they just ran out. We ended up ordering the calamari (pretty good), the crab mac and cheese (okay), lobster ravioli (no lobster taste at all), and the linguine and crab gravy (which was alright). For the last dish, there were hard shell crab pieces that we assumed could be opened with a crab cracker, thus we asked our server for one. He said sure, but it wasn't until we were basically finished our dishes that he said the crabs weren't for cracking open. Wish he told us that sooner...

The cocktails were excellent though and would probably be the only reason I come back.
This restaurant was a pleasant surprise, a hidden gem. The restaurant was small but the flavor and ambiance were big. This place is a definite treasure. 

I tried the chicken wings and calamari to start the meal. The wings were crisp, tangy and spicy! Can you say perfection. The calamari was fresh and flavorful. The entree I had was the linguine and crab gravy. I tried this dish on the recommendation of the server, and boy was he right... this dish was delectable! The pasta was tender and the crab gravy as succulent. The crab was fresh and abundant. It seemed like every bite was filled with crabmeat.

After eating this scrumptious meal I was offered dessert but I was too full. I was stuffed and unable to consume another bite. This place is definitely somewhere that I have to revisit.
I like the place so far, after about 3 visits.  The decor is gorgeous and the food is pretty good.  However, the beer and wine selection could use some help.  They've been serving Gallo Chardonnay, which to me is very sub-par.  Their beers are better, but still not the full selection I'd like to see  It lacks the microbrews I expect out of a S Philly drinking establishment (although they do carry Dogfish Head 60 minute, so that's good).  That said, I still think this is a nice place to have in the neighborhood and I plan to be a regular!
Been here twice, first time for dinner and the second time for lunch.

Both times were awesome! 

The waitstaff are very friendly and attentive without being too overbearing. The menu is one of my favorite parts. They have Chicken Pot Pie! You bet your sweet butt I ordered that. And i'm glad I did, cause it was soooooo goood. I'll get the Shepard's pie next time! I wanted to get poutine, but that will be another adventure. My friend and I went for the Crab Mac & Cheese. They also have Strongbow - another A+ for you, Noir.

When I came back here for lunch with my sisters, I ordered the calamari which was very good and the burger with sharp provolone. Service was funny that time because they had just opened, but I was happy with that visit as well.
This is the first time that the humor of a Yelp review motivated me to go to a restaurant. Ben P wrote "if you want to drink with the 50+ crowd that drinks like the 30 and under crowd," this is your joint. I was both offended and amused by the comment in that I am in my 40s and didn't know I was supposed to behave a certain way. I may have grey hair, but I have maintained my youthful immaturity. So, Noir sounded cool because I would be among my tribe of oldsters and cougars. 

I went for dinner on a weeknight and did notice the crowd was a mix of ages, which was nice. Although a mix of ages is pretty common, but this time I noticed it more. As other people have said, the restaurant was an overpriced gastropub. My dining companion did not like Noir at all because she wasn't impressed with the food. And neither was I. But I can definitely see myself coming back so that I can let my freak granny flag fly.  But next time, I will stick to the bar and skip dinner.
We sat at the bar because it was a Saturday night and we didn't want to take up a table. We just wanted an app and weren't ordering drinks. Our plan was to go up Passyunk on an appetizer tour. We ordered the crab mac and cheese. The server brought us waters which we definitely needed and offered us bread. Nobody says no to the bread. Our crab mac and cheese came after a while and it was tough to find the crab at first until we figured out what was going on. The crab was layered under the top layer of the mac and cheese. The inside of the crock was piping hot and the top layer had crisped shake cheese. It was obvious to us that this had been microwaved and the top was broiled. It wouldn't have been so bad if it wasn't the temperature of the surface of the sun, but the heat was so intense that no oven could have done this. We'll probably be back eventually, but microwaved mac and cheese wasn't a good start to our app tour of Passyunk!
Came in for restaurant week, lunch time.  Food was three stars, basing it on bar food quality. I was expecting more. 

Service was two stars. Only two waiters for lunch during restaurant week is not acceptable. We came for during lunch break, which ended up being a two hour experience, not great. 

Only recommend if you are looking for average bar food served more elegantly.
Came to noir with my family on Christmas Eve. What a great experience! They had a whole separate menu which was not a fixed price and was optional that had tons of delicious specials specifically for the holiday. The menu was big with tons of options for people of different palletes. Had a fun holiday drink menu which was amazing I had cotton candy champagne which was cool and delicious! The owner came by multiple times to check if we were OK and all of the servers were extremely friendly and helpful. It really was a great experience and we will be returning
The lamb ragu was ridiculously salty, so salty I ate maybe 1/16th of it.  Bit disappointed as the menu seemed promising.
Ate at Noir last night with 12 ladies for our friend's special bday after doing Escape the 1980's down the street. Noir staff was ready for us and so welcoming. We never felt rushed, and Chuck took great care of us. Most of us had salads to start...delicious. The dressing on the house salad is soooo good. Menu is big with a huge list of appetizers and rich Italian entrees. Seared scallops was about the healthiest option, as well as the salmon special. Both were sampled T our tables along w/the mussels & fries, gnocchi and various pastas with rich sauces. Everyone LOVED their dinners. Drinks were fairly priced. Cozy atmosphere. Very tiny. Feels like a great neighborhood spot. Would def go again for the food and very warm staff.
This bar is owned by the canadian so some of the food is montreal inspired. There is a canadian-type 'citywide' special with canadian beer and a shot for $5.

We got the poutine and I ordered the lobster pasta. The poutine was really good and cheesy without being overpowering. The meat was sufficient in the poutine too. I would definitely order that if you went there. The main dish wasn't as great, but it wasn't bad. I think the lobster/seafood pasta could have had more inside of it rather than being mostly sauce and seafood - maybe some more vegetables or flavor. The sauce itself was creamy and well made though.
Stopped in with family and we weren't disappointed. Everything that we ordered was great, from the rice balls to the wings and cheese ravioli with meatballs. I ordered the poutine, it was amazing. I will definitely return here on a regular basis. The service was also great.
My boyfriend and I went for the first time tonight and really loved this place. We got seats at the bar on a Saturday night - reservations are recommended but it's the type of place where you can slip in last minute. The regulars at the bar were warm and friendly, the waitstaff and bartenders were like family. Food was excellent - definitely try the prosciutto asparagus. Great draft beer selection, my only small complaint was I drank a few different glasses of wine and none were all that impressive. Tasty but straight forward. You might get a better wine if you order a full bottle. This place is like the many pubs we have throughout Philly with high quality, creative pub fare - but with italian delicacies. We live in North Philly but will def be back.
the food is superb, the staff is incredibly friendly and attentive. and they have poutine!!
I've walked by this bar a million times on my way home from work and have been curious, but it always looked a little fancy and quiet so it took me a while to work up the nerve.  I finally went in when I started seeing outdoor signs for happy hour and affordable sounding food specials.  It turns out, this place is full of life even if there are two people at the bar.  The bartender and owner immediately made me feel comfortable (which rarely happens when you are a woman alone at a bar  and bartenders look at you like you're strange as hell).  The chicken meatballs with ricotta cheese and arugula were out of this world good and I licked my plate clean.  I am slightly obsessed with the Italian Ice Cocktail on a hot day (that's right, water ice plus booze!)  I can't wait to try more food!  Definitely has a local south Philadelphian vibe about it with not a hipster in sight, which can be a nice change of scenery from the other local haunts.  I've heard there may be an entertainment license soon and this would be a fantastic place for live music.
Love love love this place! Fantastic food, rich, gourmet yet comfort food. Love the staff and atmosphere. One of my new top spots.
Food, service and drinks were great. Had the lobster ravioli and seafood fra Diablo, both were delicious. Portion sizes were large. Will absolutely go back!
Just came in for a drink and some happy hour food and I was incredibly impressed by the number of choices they have for happy hour food!  I had an amazing spinach salad and some wings - both of which were super delicious!  I have not had other things on the menu but think I may be back to try the full menu.  The only issue was that the bar service was pretty slow - but it may have been because it seemed like it may have been more crowded than it normally is on a week day during happy hour.
I went here once probably some of the best run I tasted. Omgosh you guy should really try out the fries it's so amazingly good!
Walked in off the street tonight with no reservation, and we (4 of us) were seated right away.  Friendly hostess, and really cool Waiter (Julian), with a great mix of friendly and professional.  Service was great.  I had the Spinach salad... it was delicious..  My friends had the crab cake and the Arugula Salad.  Nothing left on the plate.  Dinner came out within a nice amount of time.  Hot and wonderfully good.  I had the Chilean Sea Bass, my friends had the steak, I forget which one, the chicken and the mac and cheese.  No one left a morsel on the plate.  We had 2 bottles of red wine which was great as well.  The Tiramisu and the Creme Brûlée Cheesecake for dessert was amazing.  I don't know if it was home made but I definitely have no complaints, I practically licked my plate.  Been wanting to try this place  and only ended up there, cause there was some one I didn't want to see in another restaurant so, we tried. it.  I'm happy I did.  I will definitely be making this restaurant one that I go to frequently and recommend highly.  Good Job NOIR!
I had the opportunity to dine at this establishment.  It was for girls night out. We were late for our reservations so I thought we would be pushed to the side. Not at all they completely understood. 
   The food was excellent and the Cosmo's were awsome. Our server was on the ball and fun. Definitely hitting this spot again.
Last minute choice that we could walk to and was pleasantly surprised. The eggplant lasagna was awesome and the poutine did not disappoint!  Will go back for both. 
Sorry to Ben P., even those of us over 50 like to eat out have a good time. Maybe you should appreciate stares if that's all you can get!   grow up.
I stopped by Noir for the first time during a bar crawl. They advertised discounted Cider and Cheese Steak Won-Tons, how could I not make them a priority with those offers? 

When you enter Noir, you arrive first at the bar which has seating and a few cocktail tables. As you walk back, you'll enter the restaurant seating. The bathrooms are also in the back.

The Cheese Steak Won Tons were worth the trip. They were delicious, if you come to Noir for whatever reason you need to add them to your order.

The service here was pretty slow, especially when it came to paying the bill. We waited at least 15 minutes before we finally were able to pay. 

Noir, like many of the restaurant/bars on passyunk is unique and potentially worth another trip- at the very least for the cheese steak won tons.
First time I've been there. Maybe shouldn't have gone restaurant week .  Had reservations but they sat us next to front door. Guests were coming and going, it was freezing out , my friends didn't want to ask to be moved to a dining table although we were there for dinner. Martini was great. Beet salad was incredible. 2 of my friends ordered off regular menu, scallops were salty but the didn't want to send them back.  My linguini pescatore was so spicy I couldn't eat it. I asked just that they drain some  of sauce off so not to be a bother but they insisted on making me a new one that came out after my friends were finished their entrees. The only problem was  with the woman who came to apologize for me not liking my pasta. She was telling me that its pescatore Fra Diablo, oh really? No it read linguini pescatore, I said. She continued to be condescending. Believe me I know the attitude, I was also born and raised in south Philadelphia.  The desserts were not home made but very good. Its more if a bar than a restaurant, very loud . They took some money off the bill for my inconvenience, the servers were wonderful, but I can't recommend the place because of my experience with the woman. Shame, I go out often and am generous with my reviews. So if you want a good meal, great drinks and condescending staff, go there.
First time visit and the roasted beet salad, mussels, and fra diavolo were all wonderfully prepared.  Each dish had a perfect balance of flavors and was perfectly portioned.  Service was excellent:  friendly, courteous and timely.  This is a place to experience and return to, again and again.
Small place but very friendly staff. Coming from a québécois, this place is authentic! Poutine is the really deal!
Decent date night spot. Friendly service, fair prices and good food. Sometimes seems like more of a dive bar rather than an upscale establishment. I'm not sure which identity they are going for, but either way I don't mind going every once in awhile.
Was passing by in Philadelphia that week and thought I should look for a poutine. I have a habit of looking for that in every state I go to. Not disappointed at all, the cheese is squeaky, fries are crispy and the sauce is right on. They  add smoked briskets which makes it even better. The place wouldn't be what it is for its atmosphere and the people gathered there. Very welcoming.
It was me and the husband's first time dining here, we usually go to Center City but want to start trying out Passyunk Ave. When we walked in we couldn't believe how small and cramped the dining area was, maybe 7 tables at most. The bar was crowded as well. It wasn't the size that bothered us as much as the noise. You had to yell across the table to hear each other. And at 29 and 34, we were by FAR the youngest people, so definitely a more mature crowd there. As loud and rowdy as it was, you'd think you were at a frat party, not surrounded by people your parents' age! So be prepared to yell a lot if you go on a busy night. My husband had it worse, as he was facing a creepy, intoxicated older couple putting their hands down each other's pants and making out. No exaggeration there, unfortunately. 

The food was quite tasty, but not many choices for the health-conscious person like me. Everything was heavily sauced, creamy, etc. I got the Caesar Salad (good but way overdressed) and the Chicken Pot Pie. I pictured a chicken pot pie with chunks of chicken/veggies in it, but it was more like a gigantic bowl of pot pie soup with a huge puff pastry sitting on top. Don't get me wrong, it was very tasty, just A LOT. Took most of it in a to-go box. Husband had the rice balls and lobster ravioli which he enjoyed. We shared a tiramisu and that was by far the best thing we had, delicious!! Service was fine as well, Chuck waited on us and was very nice and attentive. 

3 stars for the food, but definitely won't be going back on a weekend ever again!
This was an unexpected find. I had a rough day at work and only made it home around 9, kind of narrowed our dining options. We ventured to the East Passyunk area with hopes of Francoluigi's, not realizing that open until 11 did not mean seating until 11. Using our Yelp app to find what was still open for dinner in the area, we found Noir. 

The menu available online didn't sound too exciting, so I have to admit, I came here expecting a meh meal. But their actual dinner menu had many more options. 

Starters: Their wings were sweet and sour flavored, very nice crunch on the outside, perfectly suck-the-meat-off-the-bone tender meat on the inside. The roasted beet and goat cheese salad had crushed bits of candied walnuts. Folks, this was mind blowing - no awkward how do I fit this whole walnut half onto my salad fork along with some greens, it makes for some very nice, even distribution of flavor and there was a generous amount of goat cheese.

Entrees: The boo got a burger medium rare and was thrilled that the meat was actually, properly medium rare. He polished off the whole thing. I got the chicken pot pie, a feast for the eyes and exactly the kind of comfort food that I needed. The pastry puff was browned just right, and again, generous portion of it. The filling was nice and creamy but not too heavy, the vegetables tasted very fresh, and in very nice proportions to one another. 

The service was friendly and courteous. The bar area got kind of rowdy with the diverse crowd that others have described. Wouldn't recommend late night dinner here for a first date, but there were several groups clearly here for girls' night out, and they seemed like they were having a blast. We'll definitely be returning for their food.
Recently discovered Noir Happy Hour. Best deals around. I've loved this place since it opened and it keeps getting better. Neighborhood atmosphere. Best staff. And the food is fall off the bone amazing. My goto spot on the avenue. All the stars.
I was really disappointed after so many great reviews. First, they were out of every beer my friend tried: Stella, mich ultra, peroni. The apps were great- good start! Then you guessed it- they were out of veal (the birthday boy's order)! Finally, each pasta dish was SO SALTY! We are salt eaters, so for us to say that- it's a lot. I suggest drinks (no beer) and apps here only!
When I close my eyes Noir is the place I've always dreamed of owning. 

If you are looking for a lively night with exceptional food, Noir is your place. 

The atmosphere is warm, comfortable and doesn't demand a lot from you. The whole place gleams family without being kitch. 

The service is the perfect balance of attention and conversation to make you feel well taken care of. 

The food and drinks are my favorite right now in the city. Noir can run circles around some of the finest restaurants in Center City. Their crab cake is enough for two and is pure jumbo lump crab meat broiled to crispy perfection. Their pasta is pure bliss, al dente and perfectly salted. Arancini is just as good as Rome and the mussels come with fresh tomato and spinach and pulled high with crispy fries. Their cocktails will give you a run for your money.
I had an excellent experience here. I went on a Thursday night to enjoy $4 wine night. I had no trouble finding parking and I was greeted right away as I walked in. The bartender Greg was great with keeping my glass full and recommending food on the Happy Hour (1/2 price appetizers) menu. I ordered the Crab Mac & Cheese and Wings and they were really good. My friends ordered the mussels with fries and eggplant lasagna and really enjoyed them. Overall I had a great time, the food was great as well as the service. I definitely look forward to going back.
Outstanding,  absolutely outstanding.  I can't believe I have lived so close for years and never k we about this gem.  I had the poutine that was just incredible,  it was a huge portion for an appetizer,  definitely enough to share or have as a main course.  So yummy!!  I also got the short rib and mushroom ravioli.....  Oh.  My.  God.  It was heaven,  another huge portion of food and the demi and ravioli were to die for.  The service was perfect,  the waiter was awesome and killed it service g the whole restraint and the hostess/owner was lovely and very attentive.  Beautiful place and I am super happy I found it.  I'll never leave haha
The food here was well above average and the service was superb. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is that it was very pricey for what it was. 
However if we were local and not just popping in as infrequent visitor, perhaps this would become a regular spot for us. 
They were willing to substitute menu items and ingredients to our liking and the waiter was very friendly and accommodating.
Love this place ! Living right by it , it is so tempting to dine here every single night , but then I'd just become a broke obese drunk . 

Food : appetizer - I always get the rice balls . My boyfriend and I always fight for the last rice ball . It's a nice intro to the rest of their food . Crispy calamari is crispy calamari . Octopus is also very good .
dinner - my fave is the linguine rafaella and the and the fra diablo . Lots of shrimp, crab meat, mussels, everything! They surely do not skimp on their portions. Drinks - I usually get wine, so wine is wine. I've tasted all of their cocktails and they are pretty good and strong in my opinion, but that's only because I cannot stand a drop of liquor lol. 
Go for a try! Bon apetit.

Service : is great. Everyone is so humble and down to earth. Haven't met any snarky waiter/bartenders.
My son Victor turned 10 in August and all he wanted was to get fried calamari and fries, so I suggested going to Noir. We ordered at least five apps and shared , everything was excellent. The waiter and food were fabulous! We highly recommend the rice balls and eggplant lasagna!
So we came here unexpectedly because it was the only place I could find a last minute reservation for Saturday night dinner. Well what a treat it was! And I'm so glad we got to come here. This was the epitome of cozy old world Italian in south Philly. I was so pleased with the interior and atmosphere. The head manager or perhaps owner checked on us a couple times and greeted. It was like talking to my Italian aunt or something. Just such an authentic experience. We ordered a lot of food and loved it all. The pastas were sooo good. Definitely interested in coming back to get meat dishes. Everything was phenomenal. My boyfriend said some of the best meatballs he's ever had. They were very good. We absolutely loved this little place and felt so lucky to have gotten a spot.
Passyunk Restaurant Week brought my girl friends and I here to Noir. Our reservation was for 7:30pm however the party at our table took quite a bit so we were not seated until 8:00pm. Noir graciously served us each a complimentary glass of wine. The bartender was so nice and apologetic because it was well over 30 minutes before we even got our table. 

The restaurant week menu has plenty of choices. As you can see from the photos attached it all looked delicious! I must say the food tasted amazing too. Hits from our table: the Braised Short Ribs, Lobster Ravioli, and the chocolate cake =)

Shout out to the waitstaff (all of them) for their humor and general willingness to serve and make our nights one to remember. They are all wonderful! We will be back!
I came here for the first time yesterday for dinner. The place is very small with limited seats and table however they do take reservations which I highly recommend to do beforehand so you don't have to wait. The service was excellent, Joe (the waiter) was very friendly and nice. He came back to check a couple of times to make sure my party & I had everything we needed. The food is decent, very fresh authentic Italian food. Their appetizers are unique and amazingly good (crab Mac & cheese, rice balls) Their entree are very big, definitely need to pack it up for the next day!! Now onto the dessert, my table ordered one of each cake: lemoncello, Oreo cheesecake, & red velvet. The cake was 5/5 one of the best dessert I've ever had!! I highly recommend even if you're too full, it's a must try! Overall, definitely a cute Italian place full of amazing dishes, check it out!!!
Great service delicious food. Got that pasta fagiola and beet salad Love the beer selection will be back soon!
Really impressed by Noir's food, service, and vibe. This review is for Passyunk restaurant week. Came here with a friend and was excited to have some yummy Italian food!

To start, I was impressed by the number of wines offered by the glass. I started with a sangiovese and my friend ordered a moscato.

For the apps, we decided to share the caesar salad and risotto balls. Both were extremely delicious. It's easy to make a standard caesar salad, but this one had the perfect amount of dressing, crisp lettuce, and tasty garlic croutons. It had a little kick to it, making it unique and flavorful. The risotto balls were also a hit. The cheese to risotto ratio was more than usual (in the best way) - they were so cheesy that they oozed when you put your fork into them!

Next, I ordered the linguine pescatore and my friend had the penne alla vodka. Before the entrees came out, our server brought over a big dish of parmesan cheese and a cute little jar of crushed red pepper. They're clearly prepared/know what they're doing, because that's exactly what I would've asked for once the dishes came out... for me, this thoughtfulness and attention to detail is what separates a good restaurant from a great one.

As for the food itself, the amount of seafood in my dish was way more than I expected - I've seen many restaurants shrink portions/put less of the expensive stuff on the plate during restaurant week... but not Noir! My friend said the penne alla vodka was good too, but mentioned the sauce was a little more watery than she expected (she did say, however, that it didn't take away from the flavor).

Finally, we ordered the cheesecake and triple chocolate cake to share. Both desserts were delicious... we practically scraped the plates clean, despite already being stuffed.

I'd definitely recommend Noir for restaurant week, and I'm excited to come down here and order off their regular menu!
Noir had been on my radar for a couple of years. Not because of any hype, simply because it was nearby, looked like a nice place, and had a great menu. We finally decided to try it last night and were nothing but disappointed. 

As gnocchi lovers, we ordered the Gnocchi al Telefono and Spinach Gnocchi for delivery. 


The Good 
* Our meal was delivered lightning-fast, like less than 30 minutes fast. 

* The sauce on the Gnocchi al Telefono was tasty. Not life-changing or something I'll seek out, but it was good.


The Bad
*Right off the bat we were disappointed with the fact that we did not receive any bread. So many reviews talk about the fluffy bread and the pictures from Noir on GrubHub even show the gnocchi served with bread. 

*The portion size was on the smaller side. It was enough for one meal, but for the price, the fact that this is all you receive, and, most importantly, how it all tasted, it doesn't feel like we got our money's worth.

*Everything else would had been forgiven if the gnocchi themselves were good, but they sadly weren't. They were dense and had this strange grainy/gritty texture. It was almost like they were undercooked -- which could have been the explanation, except both the spinach and regular gnocchi had the same texture. They were not the lovely pillowy-soft gnocchi you should expect from a good restaurant, and that we've enjoyed at many other Philly spots.

*We've enjoyed brown butter sage sauce with gnocchi many times. Because of that, we were excited to try the spinach gnocchi with the brown butter sage sauce. Noir's sauce tasted off. The butter solids were blackened with a burnt aroma, and the sauce as a whole had a, for lack of a better term, "dirty" taste (not earthy), rather than that lovely nuttiness you usually get from browned butter. 


Maybe we'll give Noir another try in the future, this time eating in-house. But based on our experience, I imagine it's unlikely, and if you're craving gnocchi, I can't recommend them when there are other great spots for Italian nearby.
