Let me just say that even though I grew up on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and had birthday pizza parties as a kid, at some point in my adulthood, I turned my back on pizza.  Looking back, I realize that this is indicative of a system: pizza is just not what it used to be and every year, it's harder and harder to find a good slice.  Some people blamed it on Philly's hard water; others pointed to the inability of processed cheese to melt right; frankly, I didn't know what to believe...

And then, I tried NYPD's pizza and the first bite of that cheesy slice brought me back to my childhood.  Thinking of Michelangelo (the turtle), I almost mumbled, "Cowabunga" in between rushed bites of pizza.  So, so good.

NYPD Pizza has made pizza a weekly thing for me.  As Hayley Sara B says, it definitely holds up during delivery; plus, their delivery guys are so friendly and polite.  I also like the added touch of NYPD's pizza box: "In Pizza We Trust" (seriously, it says that)!  I guess my point is that NYPD has brought pizza back to my life.
On my way home a few nights back, I had a sudden urge for a great slice of pizza.  I'm a huge fan of Lorenzo's on South, but it was out of my way and I was feeling some toppings.  I stopped by the NYPD pizza shop on the outskirts of the Gayborhood to try their slices. 

I walked in an met face to face with a schizophrenic pizza shop.  The name should have tipped me off.  There was Italian music playing and other "motherland" decorations.  So you're trying to be a pizza shop with an Italian identity named after NYC located in Philly?  What's the deal?  Further, this is just a stop-by joint.  Sure, there are a few tables in the back, but no one is hanging out here.  It's a grab and go.  There's no problem with that, it's just not charming. 

Despite the atmosphere, I was impressed with the shop.  There were several different types of pizzas half cooked and sliced, just waiting for a hungry patron to say the word have have the slices whisked into the oven for the final minutes of baking.   

I opted to go with the veggie slice, which was covered with diced tomatoes, green peppers and garlic.  The ratios of the toppings, cheese, crust, and sauce were impeccable.  The crust was perfectly thick and crispy.  There are so many pizza shops in town that just don't have this kind of skill.  Everything tasted great.  Honestly, the taste of the pizza was enough to make up for any of the short fallings of NYPD Pizza.  

Bottom Line:  I generally don't expect to shell out $3.24 per slice.  I also don't generally expect stop and go joints to have excellent pizza.  Although I may not stop by again anytime soon, this is surely the best bet for Center City area pizza.
Pretty decent - it's what you expect when you think New York Pizza.

The location of this place is clutch. There is lots of foot traffic, and it's a great spot to hit up for lunch if you're in the city. Though it looked busy, I didn't experience too long of a wait. 

The pizza slices are foldable, and fairly large. There are plenty of options for toppings, and the crust is savory without being tough or stale tasting. 

The menu is pretty vast, including not only pizza by the slice and pie, but also hot and cold sandwiches, cheese steaks (a Philly staple), salads, stombolis, pastas, and sides (the likes of french fries, onion rings, etc.)

I ordered a slice of their broccoli white pizza. The cheese was decent, but the broccoli felt a little too raw, I think a bit of seasoning and steaming it prior to using it as a topping would enhance the taste. 

The pricing is a bit more than I would like to pay for a slice of pizza (it'll run you between $3-$4 depending on what you order). Overall the service was quick and seamless, and the employees were great with taking down the order and keeping the line moving. Would come back here, more on a whim than a planned trip, but nevertheless I appreciate that this option exists.
A couple other pizza joints compete for my affection (Soho & the Dock Street Brewery), but NYPD is definitely amazing.  Sometimes the grab and go slices can be a little lackluster, but if you order a pie fresh, you're in for a treat.  If you swear by a true New York style pie, then this should be your hangout - the owners are Brooklyn to Philly transplants, after all.  

Having lived in the Chicago area for the first decade of my life, their deep dish pizza doesn't exactly come close to the real thing - but it's a worthy and filling attempt by an East Coast pizza joint.
Stopped in for a quick slice around 2:00 the other afternoon and was not impressed. Although I was the only one in the shop, they were upset I inquired about what slice was what. Also when I added a garlic knot it was a real inconvienance to take the two extra steps. I usually appreciate the NY state of mind but this guys attitude sucked.

After the pizza came out of the oven, he put it vertical in a brown paper to go bag so all the toppings fell off. The reassembled slice was tasty but nothing special. What a shame.
With so much talk about Pizza going on this week and last I figured that I may as well get a review for a pizza place that I had listed among my back catalog out of the way. 

after hearing so much about here I was expecting so much from one of NYPD's slices. I don't know whether it was because of the water, the dough, the crust, the fact that it was masquerading as an NY slice, or for whatever other reasons the talk thread suggested in regards to Philly pizza, but all I know is just that it didn't meet the mark of my expectations completely. At least it was huge enough to give places like Lorenzo's a run for it's money when it comes tro the perfect drunken slice (especially if it's open that late?).

Overall I could give here a four. But the fact that they had a boy doing the dough spin inside and out of the building kind of disturbed me. I know it was a dough for show, but still!
Yes. Yes. Yes.

I read the good reviews for NYPD and decided it was time to check it out for myself. I moseyed on over during my lunch break last week and had a slice of the buffalo chicken pizza. Since I'm not a fan of blue cheese, I was happy to find out they only use mozzarella on that particular pie. Hooray! 

It was mighty delicious! The thin crust was just the right amount of crispy with a nice hint of garlic to it, and the slice was not very greasy at all. NYPD is very similar to the pizza served at Soho in Old City but it's done even better. That's a big ol' double yum from me.

Once I try the tomato pie, and a slice of plain (or with a topping), I'll be able to determine the legitimacy of the claim, "It's the tastiest pizza in Center City." (Has anyone claimed that yet?) 

I'm thinking this place might save me the time AND gas money I spend trekking to Jersey for my serious pizza cravings. Right on, NYPD. I'll definitely be back.
This is the second worst pizza I've tried here in Philadelphia . The sauce is bland . The crust is mediocre . I honestly don't understand the hype . I wanted to like this place too as this is way closer to my place than pizza brain or pizza dad's . 

I ordered two slices which some reviewers praised already on here . The first slice was the red top which although bonus points for not using canned sauce or at least high quality canned sauce ...( tasted fresh)  this pizza really lacked salt . 2.5 stars

The second slice was a thick style first Brooklyn which honestly reminded me a lot of a sbarros combination slice . Not terrible but definitely Nothing special .3 stars .

Which averages to a 2.75stars for the experience .

Overall I spent $8 on  two slices and honestly would have been happier if I got the lunch special with crazy bread from little ceasars for about the same price .

The only thing that was authentically New York about this place was the collective  unwelcoming apathetic attitude of the employees that work here .
As i wrote in a previous review, I LOVE PIZZA. All day everyday. But as much i hate to admit it i have become one of the minions of the mass produced pizza. Papa Johns and Domino's have been the church of pizza that i have worship and giving many tides too lol. So much that though they keep records and they know it by heart, i actually saw MY delivery guy walking to work on south street. "Hey Kev"he says ..yeah i dont know if that is a sign of an obsession,or that i am fat...Jury still out on that particular subject..

.Anyway i have my own small town pizza at home in NJ that i love so much i dont even look at domino's there. At some point during this past summer i was walking back from visiting either visit my fiances best friends at HO tans or maybe i was walking back for bainbridge after getting a few shots up not sure. But i decided during one of my usual long walks i was pretty hungry but i had already past the Wendy's and didn't feel like turning around and going back to that one because that Wendy's is sort of gross. It also smell like the one big urinal cake. Wawa was way ahead and next to my apartment so that served no purpose for the immediate missed-meal pains i was experiencing at that time. So i thought i ll try this pizza joint i past with the open window i see all the time.

Now i went to school in FL and i vaguely remember a NYPD down there and wasn't a big fan of it. So the name made think of the overcooked disc that called "pizza" that i only nourished myself on when i was either drunk or hungover,so as to be happy with food being in my stomach and not the taste...ewww. So i went in and immediate got a feel that this place was not Florida, its small and nice and most importantly the got the pizza right which is obviously the aim. It was awesome,so awesome that i continued to stop there every time time i walked pasted it. Gooey and crispy to a point not like snap or anything like cardboard...cooked almost to perfection every time i have gotten it. Though i still order domino's this is my new at home pizza place that i walk to get a pleasant reminder of my little town in jersey. Hopefully it will be yours too. Enjoy!!
Leave it to the New Yorker to call NYPD Pizza her favorite spot in Philly.

Growing up in NYC, I'm a self-proclaimed pizza snob. (I'm also a pretty basic millennial girl, so I have a love affair with pizza.) When I went away to undergrad in University City, I was sorely disappointed in the pizza options Philly had to offer. Ended up settling for/falling in love with Powelton's.

Coming to med school in CC, I was devastated to be outside of Powelton's delivery range! But I very quickly found NYPD Pizza since Jeff orders most of their pizzas from there. (Trust them, they're doctors!) Sure it's a little kitschy with its NY theme, but they make a darn good pizza. Finding a good crust is no ordinary feat, and these guys nail it. Their sauce is also A+.

Service is friendly, pizza is great, I'm always a happy customer.
Convenient and quick eat in my neighborhood.  I've tried a couple of their specialty pizzas and I really liked them.  I really like the fact that they give me good pizza whenever I go there.  Warning: their buffalo wings are very, very hot!
As far as I'm concerned, this place is the bee's knees when it comes to pizza in Philadelphia.  Pizza preferences are so subjective, but I think NYPD would please anyone.

Their crust is thin, but not too thin, and has a subtle snappy crunch when you bite into it.  Their mozzarella is glorious - never rubbery, and never too greasy.  It even holds up during delivery.

I took a group of hungry folks here after bingo at Varga bar, and everyone ranted and raved.   It's the perfect slice.
Pretty good pizza. Went there with some friends for a late dinner after drinks. It didn't take very long -- only about 15-20 minutes. The staff was very friendly, and they have a variety of pizza options.

You can probably tell from the pics but we got the Margherita pizza and grilled barbecue chicken. The pizza isn't super greasy -- it's just the right amount. I will say that they went light on the sauce though, especially on the barbecue pizza but it was still really good.

Be aware: the pizzas here are HUGE! Don't expect to cuddle up with a friend and watch a movie with one of these because half of it will still be there (especially if you get a big one)! And that being said, if you're going for a medium pizza, the large is only a dollar more a lot of the time. Go for it. Such a good value!
NYPD is one of two pizza places I can easily run to from my workplace for lunch. And I think for regular ol' pizza, they meet my high pizza snob standards more than the other place (which I will not name). The pizza's good and greasy, they have lots of unique combos that will please many tastes. I've tried regular ol' cheese, pepperoni and pepperoni slices and have been impressed with all. 

And my lunch hour is a little off the peak time, but I've always gotten really good and friendly service here. 

As for me giving it 4 rather than 5 stars, I take to BH's reasoning. I'm still a pizza snob through and through and it takes a lot for me to give pizza a perfect rating. :)
We used to like this place a lot, now its just OK
The phone people taking the orders can be rude/aggressive at times and the pizza can be too oily or soggy or just warm (not hot). For that few extra dollars they charge it could be better. Its better to eat at location, that way you can let all the oil drip off before you eat it. 

We get the Margarita pizza a lot.
Red top pizza is great but the staff is incredibly rude. Unfriendly and always act like you were interrupting them if you ask a question.
There are five other pizza places within a few blocks of here and I'd rather go there to be treated with respect rather then this type of abuse .
Is this part of the New York theme of this place?
At a loss of words. 

I ordered pizza for my babysitter and my toddler this evening, as I had to run into work to attend a  meeting. They said it would be sent over a little after 5 pm and they would call. I let my sitter know when the pizza would be there and to listen for the knock. I live on the second floor of a 3 story apartment, where you can hear someone knocking downstairs very clearly. I had my phone in my purse and didn't hear my phone vibrating when they called. It is my fault completely for not keeping it my pocket and for not giving them my sitters number instead of mine... and I shouldn't have just assumed she would hear them knocking. The driver left. 

I saw they had called my phone several times and I called the store back.

The owner answered. He proceeded to completely bite my head off - this is not an exaggeration. He told me my address is banned from delivery. I apologized profusely and simply wanted to explain the situation. He began to explain that HE was the owner, not a cashier, and "do you understand how far you live!?!".. and repeated and repeatedly said we will NOT deliver to you ever again. He also threw in my face that they called five times and ya know, that I live far away from the store. 

The entire time, I apologized. I said I understood the frustration, and tried to explain what happened. I didn't even ask him not to ban my address, I just wanted to explain and apologize. But he wouldn't allow it whatsoever and instead, spoke to me like I was garbage. 

I've been going here and ordering from here since 2016. I used to walk over on my lunch break every other day when I was pregnant to get a slice, because I craved it. I brought the employees Christmas cookies, and my bf and I order from there at least a few times a month. I work in customer service and understand the need to protect your employees, time, and financials. But I do not understand how a business owner or staff member... or anyone in customer service could treat a customer or stranger or HUMAN this way.
No matter what time of day or day for that matter, NYPD pizza is a very solid go to pizza joint in Philly. Yes,parking fuggin sux. Yes, It's across from Jefferson on a busy corner and you will invariably see a cluster of health care heroes , the ailing, homeless, residents and students all within arms length. It certainly is not street appeal nor ambiance that brings you in At All. 

You go here for the slice. The red top pie is the best because it's saucy and cheesy AF and the dough holds up. But for you pizza purist and pizza snobs who are allergic to the prowess of sauce on top, well, there's the trusty pizza pie formula of crust, sauce then cheese and toppings. 

The crust has a nice thin crispy bottom with a layer of dough chew. No lumpy tips here! The slice holds up to the fold, quality melty cheese and a more savory than sweet sauce. Sauce to cheese ratio is almost perfect for the redtop pie, I feel that it is slightly under sauced and skimpy with the cheese on the regular pie, but that's my personal opinion.

Solid Philly Pizza even if they call it NYPD pizza.
This is my favorite place to get lunch in the city! The pizza is the best I've tried in Philly so far and the garlic knots are great too! They have opened indoor seating back up so that is an option, but I like to walk across the street and sit outside to eat. The employees are nice and the food comes out hot and fast. 
I'm one of those impatient people who refuses to wait for pizza to cool down, but an NYPD Pizza slice right out of the oven is so worth burning my mouth a little bit
Hey Nicole I was standing outside ordering pizza that day, and YOU were the one screaming F*** THE POLICE like a drunk college school girl! You should have just kept walking with your tide pods instead of trying to slander a business with wonderful customer service and great pizza!
NYPD Pizza is the worst pizza place in the city, quite possibly the worst dining establishment in the world. I work in the area so I've stopped by a few times when the craving for pizza became too strong to ignore, but from our very first encounter it was apparent that NYPD Pizza would not be making a fan out of me. The staff is incredibly rude, treating women with ceaseless adoration and men with a pseudo-aggressive machismo that can only be expected from a New Yorker. During one visit I actually left prior to paying (but not before having the big ape heat up two slices) because these guys were just radiating attitude.

If simply being in this establishment  doesn't leave a bad taste in your mouth, just wait until you've tried the pizza! The plain slice is just that: plain. Not bad, but nothing to spend $4 on. Now the pepperoni and sausage slice is a real experience. The sausage looks like rat droppings, and surprisingly enough, the taste is true to the image. I would like to see the results of the health inspector's visits.

As an extra note: the name is terrible. "NYPD Pizza" is like "ATM machine". "Pizza" is included in the acronym. The name is "New York Pizza Department Pizza". It's redundant and annoying, and not the least bit clever, though I suppose I can't expect more from the knuckle-dragging neanderthals that run the place.
Best Pizza in Center City. Anyone who rates less that 4 stars is obviously a regular at Pizza Hut. Today's choice was the STUFFED MEAT LOVERS pie. To say that the slice was stuffed is an understatement! The crust, the crust!!! just thick enough and just crispy enough. 
The pizza here is always good and always consistent.
Definitely not NYC quality pizza as they claim but certainly passable as average for Philly.
A slice of home for me. I moved to Philadelphia from NY and after a few miserable years of Philadelphia pizza I gave up on the nectar of my youth-then I got a new job and one day we had a little pizza party and I said to myself "hey that stuff looks like real pizza..." and I took a bite and then I had to find out where this delicious pizza came from. Now I take at least one trip over to NYPD for lunch a month. It is SO GOOD. Better than 99% of the pizza I've ever had. I highly recommend the spinach and ricotta slice which is my favorite offering from this delightful little shop. The decor is pretty much all Yankees with a bit of other NYC memorabilia thrown in for good measure but I am sure even the most die-hard Phillies fan can suck it up for a chance to try this awesome pizza. I'm not sure if it's the crust, sauce or cheese but for New York refugees, it is just right.
You know everyone is RAVING about how great the pizza here is, but I kind of think it's lacking.  I was introduced to this place by a friend how apparently has had great food here.  But the pizza we got was way salty, the slices were way too think, and it wasn't as piping hot as pizza should always be.  So called friend said that once they get to know you the pizza gets better. haha I don't see the rationalization in that, but whatev's.  I'll pass.
Best pizza in Philly.  I order at least weekly and these guys deliver FAST.  I don't find it over-priced in the least (we'll go the Rustica route when feeling fancy).  The boneless wings are bangin'  too.  We love the White Pie with Spinach and Ricotta.  Killer good stuff.
I was down around that area today, around the time that my tummy starts saying "hmm, you should put something in me now. I said NOW, woman. Dammit NOW! " So, while all this is happening, I see NYPD. I'm from NY, I like pizza. I think to myself: This could be magical. 
Alas, magical, it wasn't. Terrible it also wasn't. It was a perfectly serviceable slice of the sort that you ought to be able to find anywhere (but can't in Philly).
Would I go out of my way for it? Of course not. Would I stop back in again if I was in the area and hungry? Probably. 

That is all.
They accept credit card and do slices. Outstanding place full of people that were really friendly. Good pizza. The cheese pulls apart when you bite into it and the ratio between sauce and cheese is solid. Nice crispy crust.
I ordered takeout here last night. 

I called by phone and was able to place an order quickly. One thing to note, the menu on Yelp is different than the one at the restaurant. 

I ordered the Brooklyn which included a ton of cheese, sausage, pepperoni and anchovies. The food was made quick and was ready for pickup in about 15 min. 

Overall the food was hot and tasty and the service was quick and easy.
NYPD is a great slice, but the prices are too high.  Thin crust, great cheese, and awesome toppings served piping hot.  Goes great straight down the gullet, even if it's painful to my wallet.
Best  pizza  ever 
From a large pepperoni to the Chicago style pizza, these are my favorite pies. 
Quick delivery and good service, what more do you need?
So the pizza here, I have to say, was pretty good. Unfortunately, I have to leave a bad review because immediately after eating it and then for the next 2-3 days I was extremely sick to my stomach. I'm not sure why and I hate to blame this establishment but I don't think I'll be giving it another shot anytime soon.
Big, floppy, greasy slices.  Hit the spot after several hours of drinking.  The smell tempted me the entire cab ride home before I could dig in.  Veggie slices were loaded with peppers, tomatoes, onions and garlic... I'm sure my breath smelled heavenly afterwards.  Why my friend and I ordered an entire large pie for the two of us (two small girls), I have no idea... probably for the same reason we paid a cab $20 to take us all the way from center city to grays ferry to pick up a movie at her place and then all the way back to old city, rather than just getting a movie on pay per view...
When you want a no frills, but good pie, this is your place.  Inexpensive, fast, greasy (in a good way) pizza.  I stick with the plain here, and I love it.  It's close to Jefferson too, should you find yourself visiting someone who can't stomach another day of hospital food!
I've promised myself I wouldn't do another review with five stars, but...

As a pizza lover and regular consumer of all things pizza, I have to say that, hands down, NYPD Pizza has the best damned pizza in this neighborhood.  It's thin crust, heavy on the cheese and sauce (which may account for some of the reviewers complaining about grease), and reasonably priced.

I routinely get pies for group events from NYPD, and I'm always happy with their customer service, accuracy, and quality.  This is probably the best pizza joint in Philadelphia.
A year ago I had been on a quest for the perfect slice of pizza in the city of Philadelphia.  I am the uber pizza connoisseur and was becoming aggravated with the lack of high caliber slices in town.  In all of my travels about planet earth, I always need to seek out the finest slice in my immediate vicinity.  After much frustration in Philly, the Pizza Gods must have pitied me and presented me with NYPD Pizza.  I'd say this place's pizza is akin to the NYPD's service in NYC - TOP NOTCH!  Of all the slices of pizza I've had in Philadelphia, I can say, without hesitation, that these slices are the best.

For me, it literally is the perfect slice on a consistent basis.  Nice and piping hot, greasy, delicious (not all overly-tomato infused) sauce, fresh cheese (the kind that they cook to a perfect orangish/yellowish hue), and tasty crust.  This place is so good that I am frequently more than happy to walk across town from Grad. Hospital are 11+ blocks to feast on the fine cuisine that is NYPD Pizza.  It's also so good that one day, I stopped in Pandora's Lunchbox and was pondering their menu, but told them I was probably going to head around the corner to NYPD.  Well the lady there lied to me and said they heard NYPD is going out of business.  Couldn't have been further from the truth folks; I think the inferiority of Pandora's pizza just escaped from the box and such far fetched rumors started filling the void.  Bottom line.....the competition is SCARED of NYPD's greatness.

Service is efficient, friendly, and most importantly, these folks know what they're doing.  The only reason they receive 4 stars is due to the fact that they are closed on Saturdays.  I mean that just pains me more often than not!
Pretty darned good pizza, that's all you can really say. It's just like what I'd get in NY.

I thought it was hokey to be named after the police department, but after you take a bite, it's a non-issue. Friendly people behind the counter as well.
They probably deserve four stars but they get five for being the best Center City has to offer.  That's not to say they don't have good slices though.  Plain slices can hold, the margherita is good, as is the white with tomato or spinach and the sicilian is GREAT.  Just like lunch at Sila Bella back in high school.  Minus the games of cee-lo on the tables and rolling blunts in the bathroom.
Do yourself a favor and drop in for some slices, pizza always tastes the best like that.  And wake up Philly, this is what pizza tastes like.
Not the best ever but well above average and probably the best I've had in the city (excepting the Northeast). Worth it to drive from University City to get a real NY thin-crust as opposed to a UC slab of tastelessness.
A lot of places around the city claim to have the best New York slice - but this place is the place to go. Always have had good service and fresh pizza whether it be a slice or pie!! Perfect amount of cheese and sauce - and the crust is just the right thickness. Don't leave Philly without visiting this place!
Best pizza I've had in Philly so far! I love New York pizza and this definitely satisfied my craving for good pizza.  Prices are reasonable and the staff was friendly, too.  This is my new go-to pizza place in Center City area.
Still the best slice hands down, With Lorenzo's using sweet sauce, Zio's limp crust, and wurst pizza's change of quality, this spot consistently delivers a decent slice of "Plain" yet not so plain pie. well seasoned sauce ( of which i think makes the pie), lightly fat laden cheese, and a beautiful crispy not so cutting the gums crust. Its not a bad go to spot for a good slice. Innovation is not the key here, its consistency, churning out a fine slice of something familiar is the selling point. However, NYPD is closed most weekends, as you walk by you'll notice, no hours of service posted anywhere near the entrance so its a quick deduction this is a really mom/pop sort of enterprise. in conclusion, a little pricy, at 3 bucks a slice, but consistently good.
While I find their pizza to be between standard-one of the better Philly options, I gotta say their cheese steaks are really good! 

I ordered a cheese steak minus lettuce and tomato, but with provolone, fried onions, and hot peppers. The sandwich was enormous, the bread was surprisingly good, the fried onions were perfectly crisp, and the hot peppers gave it that extra kick I like to have in my cheese steak. To top it off, I got a side of hot sauce (99% it was just Frank's, but whatever) that took it up an extra notch.

Gonna have to try some of the other specialty items on their menu now!
Awesome NYC style pizza, which I can say having grown up on it! Clean place with nice, authentic atmosphere AND cool, friendly, helpful staff. I wish I'd found this place sooner, but I'll definitely be back. It's my new, go-to pizza place in Philadelphia!
NYPD is the best pizza delivery I have found in my years in center city.  No one else even comes close.  The crust is just thick enough to give it a slightly chewy quality when you bite in, but thin enough to have a nice crisp finish.  The sauce on the standard pies has a perfect blend of a little sweet and a little spicy to set off the rich tomato flavor.  I find they are a little heavy handed with the cheese, but I just ask them to use a little less.  They also make a veggie stromboli that is straight out of this world.

While pizza/ stromboli is the real reason to order from NYPD, their sandwiches, salads and wings rate above average as well.  I have been less impressed by their pastas, but would still order them in the right context (i.e. a profound pasta hankering on a night my husband was jonesing for wings).

The prices are right, and the times for pick-up or delivery are usually pretty speedy.  If you are ordering pizza on some prime sporting event
evening that will be popular for pizza, allow them a little extra time.

p.s.  When fresh tomatoes are in season, their tomato pie cannot be beat.
Craving pizza one Sunday night...and instead of ordering Slice...tried this place for take-out. Attempted to substitute a topping for another, but not allowed. Surprised at that, but declined to add a topping for $3. Two pies were $30 and change...one plain and one "gourmet." Pizza wasn't fabulous and considered mediocre in my opinion. I was disappointed, but you don't know until you try.

In short, won't be ordering from here again, yet willing to try another place if the mood strikes.
Best standard slice I've had in Philadelphia. 

We were looking for a quick bite before the Craig Finn show at Milkboy and didn't want to return to Gianfranco's, where we ate last time before milkin' it up. NYPD deserves a solid four stars. I tried it, it's true. 

Thin, crispy crust and flavorful sauce and cheese. My square slice of Sicilian had fresh mozzarella and basil, too. I think NYPD will be our go-to spot before grabbing a drink at Milkboy from now on.
This is hands down the greatest spinach ricotta pizza I have ever had. When I visit Philadelphia, my first stop is to this pizza place. If you like white pizza, you must try this place. It has lots of garlic, abundant spinach and generous piles of ricotta. It crispy and oily and chewy all at once. I have not tried their other options, as I love the spinach too much. But in chatting with the owner, he told me he makes 95 lbs of dough once and sometimes twice a day! This was while he was sizing out chunks out of an enormous pile of dough the size of a bosu ball. Go visit this great place, you will not be disappointed!
Reasonably large, foldable slices with a thin crust. The cheese and sauce are pretty much exactly what you'd find in a good NY pizzeria. One of the best I've found outside NYC. 

At $2.50/slice (plain) it's worth stopping by.
Great stuff! Guy (owner) has the secret for perfect pizza!  This will be one of of not the BEST you've ever had.
Husband and I were (and are still ) looking for a good pizza spot! He is a pizza elitist and can't seem to find a philly pizza home. 

On Labor Day we tried out NYPD-  got a plain pizza and chicken fingers deluxe. 

We were pretty disappointed! The pizza was mediocre!! Nothing memorable about it. the chicken fingers were tough and cold. and the fries were stuck together and hard. Not a great use of 30 bucks. 

Onward we go to find out philly pizza spot!
I really really wanted to like this pizza.  I've been in Phila. for 3 yrs., and still have not found a proper 'everyday' pizza.  Delivery was prompt, the folks taking the order were courteous and the pizza arrived hot - enough.  Problem was it was overly salty, not super flavorful and the Hell's Kitchen Hot chicken wings were completely mushy on the outside due to steaming in the carry out container.  Also, the celery was wilted as a result of the heat and steam. 

And so I press onto the next pizza candidate....
This is my favorite pizza place in Philadelphia.  First off their staff is so friendly and I love that they are all from New York and you get true authentic New York Pizza.  Their margherita pizza is by far my favorite!  In addition to that their sandwiches especially chicken parm and steak sandwiches are excellent.  Lastly, their salads are very good as well!  

When In philly go check them out
Great place for New York-style (big, foldable, just the right amount of greasy) pizza by the slice. It's quick, it's reliable, it's delicious, and it's handed out by hardworking people who make the city a happier place with every slice they sell.

This is a slice shop. I feel like people writing bad reviews maybe don't get what a slice shop is for. It's not fancy and it's not gourmet. It's delicious, affordable pizza served on grease-stained paper plates with crinkly paper napkins and soda in waxed paper cups. Depending on what time of day you go, some of the pizzas will have been on the counter longer than others, some toppings might not be available by the slice, some might not be exactly to your taste. But when you're lucky enough to catch a fresh one coming out of the oven, there's nothing better in the world.

This is the comfort food of the city, and NYPD does it exactly like it's supposed to be done.

As a footnote, I'm grateful that this place has been in business so long right in the middle of Jefferson's medical campus, because there are times when you come out of the hospital and your whole world's been shaken, and you can go to NYPD and get a slice and it's like, okay, this is real again. Whatever else happens, there'll be mozzarella and red sauce and people from all walks of life coming together to eat it. Life goes on. The city goes on. The pizza goes on.

There's no better therapy in the world that you can get for four bucks a slice.
This place has gone downhill over the last 10 years.  We used to only get our pizza from here, but the quality of food has gone down.  For instance, in the past you could order delivery for fries and onion rings on the side and they were packaged in vented Styrofoam.  Now they are packed in a sealed hard plastic shell.  So when they arrive, they are soggy.  The result was that their real onion rings (solid onion rings) would have the bread coating fall off.  Instead of updating the packaging and keeping a quality product, they dumped using whole onion rings for pre-packaged frozen ones that are minced onion shaped into a ring.  They taste frozen, and not like the fresh onion rings they used to sell.  The pizzas are now 'wet'.  You need to order it well-done or you can expect it to be all floppy and runny.  However, if you order it well done, it no longer keeps as well in the fridge overnight, so that joy of eating cold pizza is gone.  

I continue to order from here once every 6 months to see if it gets any better.  Each time I'm slightly more disappointed.
Throughout our trip here in Philly, My husband and I have stopped by for at least a slice or two everyday. For $2.50/slice you can't complain! They have different must try varieties like flat pizza and deep dishes. During lunch time it could get a bit hectic, since they might be out of certain items and to keep the line moving you're just limited to ordering what is out. Our favorite has been the Tomato with olive oil we can't get enough! If you want something different you can try their buffalo chicken pizza, its like buffalo chicken wings except on a pizza minus the mess. 

On the side they have different seasoning for the pizza. Your usual parmesan cheese and chili. They also have garlic and onion powder. Limited seatings. Friendly service.
A friend of mine worked around the way and hipped me to this place. I've never had anything but pizza, yet everytime I'm in, people are always ordering salads and sandwiches.

I really like their sicilian pizza, and I may go out on a limb and say it's the best I've had in Philly. The bread is crunchy, overcooked, and the sauce is memorable. The traditional pie is just as good as you'll come to expect from like-minded places. They do offer some gourmet stuff too, which strays from the competition who tends to do meats, NYPD offers healthier, or more sophisticated gourmet slices... not that either of those labels belong anywhere near me or anything...
I didn't actually get the pizza here; maybe I'll go back and try it for another review. But I got their sausage roll and it was a bit unimpressive. Too much bread! I tore the sausage, cheese, and veggies out, and it was fantastic. It's a shame all that bread was masking the deliciousness of the sausage.
Best pizza in Center City Philly. Tastes like real authentic NY style pizza. Only place I'll order pizza in CC.
I went to NYPD pizza about a month and a half ago during Pride. My girlfriend and I googled some pizza places in the area to only find out that the one we walked to was closed. We went into a local cafe and the one girl told us to try NYPD down the street. We were told it was great. Being sunburnt and hungry from the heat, we arrived into the store. The cashier was rude, ignorant, and very intimidating. I got the vibe that he didn't want to serve us for the simple fact of my sexual orientation. We ordered 2 slices and cheese fries. My plain pizza was DRIPPING with grease while my girlfriend's pizza had pepperoni which was TWICE AS BAD. All in all, it was an awful experience. I felt uncomfortable the whole entire time as I sat down to eat. I do NOT recommend this place to anyone in the area.
I came here today for a quick plain slice, it didn't dissapoint!  But, like others have said, NYC truly has the best pizza.  This is pretty good for Philly!   I liked the oldies music playing, I heard Sherry by The Four Seasons, also some other classic rock hits, fun!  

I like that they accept Visa, cool.  I'll be back, the slice was cheesy, and just a little bit greasy, which I love!  I like the NY nostalgic license plates and photos, that's neat.
You can't go wrong here if you want 2 slices for $5.00. The slices aren't as big as other places, but they do the trick. 

Seating is limited in here, so lunchtime can get a bit hectic, but you definitely won't be disappointed.
Visited Philly for work, and dropped by NYPD based on yelp reviews.  Had a slice of the BBQ chicken, and thought it was pretty bad.  Dry and tasteless, definitely had been sitting around awhile.  CPK puts out a better pizza than this.  Sorry, not my kind of pie.
Yum! I've been here a dozen times and love the pizza here. My go-to's are the buffalo chicken and plain. I've also gotten the cheesesteak pizza, which can be hit or miss. The whiz-to-steak ratio is too high (too much whiz). Highly recommend if you're looking for a slice to-go or delivery!
This is a great New York Pizza joint in PHL. Lunch pizza on the go or a quick stay. Space is tight and drink options are limited but the pizza is work the wait. I prefer lighter pizzas and the crust is NY style.
I'm a transplanted New Yorker, so I know NYC pizza...and this isn't quite it. However, it's darn good. The best available in center city currently, in my opinion. 

One star removed because of crust-inconsistency. It comes out differently depending on who makes it, I guess. Sometimes, tender; sometimes a tiny bit tough. It's very good though and I've always found the people to be courteous and the deliveries prompt.
looked promising, but was just okay. the roschetto (sp?) wasn't bad, but the chicken ranchero was just awful.
As stated in my previous review, rating pizza is like rating sex. Preference accounts for so much. If you like a super-thin crust, mounds of cheese and just the right amount of sauce, this IS the place in the city. If you have kids, this is going to be the type of pizza they're looking for. Best east-coast style pizza in the city, hands down.
We did our best to try not to judge the book by its cover and were glad we ended up trying this place out before our show. The selection was really limited in my opinion being a mushroom lover. Pizza's didn't look as fresh as ideal either with a slightly stiff cold look to them. We felt bad walking out so decided to give it a try. The classic margharita slice was yummier than expected. Perfect thin crust that they heated up well. Service was very friendly and tables were clean. This quick meal was perfect to get us through the show with just enough room after for gelato.
This feels like we were back in New York. We never bothered getting toppings, it's NY pizza, who needs toppings?! 

We usually get garlic knots with it, it doesn't seem like knots exist in Philly like they used to in NY. That being said, these are not NY knots. At 75 cents a piece, you are getting garlic fists (I kid you not, these are fist sized garlic knots), not the small knots we used to get in pizza specials in Queens. While that's not bad, the appeal of knots was having 1 or 2 with a slice to make a meal, whereas with these bad boys it's "split 1 between two people" to put with a slice to make a meal. I had one left over from our last order and turned it into sandwich bread.

We've gotten delivery once and takeout once. Both were very quick, they accept credit cards (not sure if there's a minimum), but the big downside to NYPD is no online ordering!!! And no website at all to verify their items/prices! Some sites have outdated links to pictures of an old menu, Google tries to link you to a place in Arizona. They need to up their online presence in today's world. 

All in all, if you've come from NYC and want to place a phone call where neither side said please, thank you, or more than 3 words per sentence, this is the place. They'll bring you a fantastic gigantic pizza and no apologies. They'll do it quickly, they'll do it well. If you want Domino's... they're more than just pizza now, I hear. If they were ever actually pizza in the first place.
My group of friends and I came upon this place by walking. We were really hungry! When we entered we were greeted from the start! My friends enjoyed their pizza and I enjoyed their delicious savory turkey and provolone cold sub! I ate the whole sub which means it was really good! We are from Cali and this is definitely one of our favorite places that we been to in the east coast!
I had always wanted to check out NYPD Pizza but it's hard to tell when this place is open because of the heavily tinted windows. It's dark inside but blue neon lights, light the place up in a good way. The atmosphere in here is totally different than most pizza shops (ex. cheesy pictures of pizza and really harsh yellow lighting). The pizza is $2.35 a slice & it's delicious. The staff is also really nice.
Came in on a weekday evening for a cheesesteak. I know this place gets great reviews for their pizza, which I will have to try. This was my first time here, I just moved to Philly, I was starving, and dammit I wanted a cheesesteak. I've had other cheesesteaks, including Pat's and Geno's. Maybe it's because I didn't know what to expect, but it was actually really good. Bread was delicious, plenty of steak in it, filled me up. And they were really nice, which is a bonus. I live about 2 blocks away. They have pretty good hours too, close at 11 on weekdays I think. I see myself coming here often. I'm definitely going to have to try the pizza that people are recommending, and I'll update the review.
This place is right across from the office and I often seen colleagues carrying large boxes of pizza from here. Stopped by for lunch and tried a slice of pepperoni/sausage and a slice of The Works (combo). I liked the pizza here a lot! They have both thick and thin crust options -- the thick crust is crispy without being too oily, which I liked. They have slices on the counter for you to see and then bake it in the oven for you -- mine could probably have stayed in for just a minute longer as it wasn't hot in the middle. The pizzas are definitely freshly made as a staff member is at the front window adding toppings on pizza dough. At $4/slice, price is a tad higher than I'd expect, but it is in the middle of the city.
Amazing margarita pizza!   Great crust... nice sauce.   Only topped by the cheese.  The pizza chef was a cool dude.   Definitely coming back soon.  Just moved to the area... and I found my new pizza place.  

Love a piece of New York in Philadelphia!!!
Really good NY style slices - 
they don't flop like most slices I get around town
(except for Soho's)

They've not been open on Sat. nights as of late
(or at least when I've tried @7-8PMish)

definitely a thumbs up though
Sorry to say, this was very disappointing pizza. It seemed to lack a flavorful sauce - it was sharp tasting but not in a "puttanesca" sharp sort of way but like the sauce sat in a metal can too long way. The toppings, hamburger, pepperoni, and ricotta fought with each other to the point of cancellation of their distinct flavors. The crust had no more character than the box the pizza came in. Even the very commercial Bertucci's crust has a great texture and taste - this had almost a stale, white bread, nothing taste. The large is very large in size and the next day's leftovers presented an opportunity for redemption but alas, it just got flatter in the flavor and texture categories. 

Some prefer thicker crust and some thinner and this was trending toward thinner, but the crust was overwhelmed by the combination of sauce sharpness and indistinct maelstrom of not-quite flavors of the toppings. 

We wanted to like it but...

If size is the most important thing one seeks in pizza, this is for you, but if you are looking for a satisfying, flavorful sauce, stand-up topping tastes, and a crust to add to and support the pizza, look elsewhere.
Big enough space to sit and have a quick slice and the staff is mega friendly. Kind of expensive though, but I'm not complaining - just saying.
I would give the pizza 3.5, bump it up to 4 stars for good service. Next time I come will get a whole pizza instead of just slices, they only had a couple out for purchase by the slice when I went.
Hot stuffed spinach double crust pizza is fantastic on a cold day. This place has the best pizza around.
I went in for the first time, wasn't greeted upon entering. Ordered a slice and a soda from the girl behind the counter that wasn't very nice. I took a seat in the back. I figured the girl would bring my soda over. Instead she just let it sit on the counter. Eventually she yelled over to me the my slice was ready. I went to get my slice and soda. Paid for my food. The slice is a very good slice of pizza. There are other very good slices of pizza in the area. I won't return based on the poor service.
Ordered a margherita pie while watching some Sunday football at my buddy's place and it was delivered within 30 minutes.  I think the delivery guy overcharged us by a few bucks.  The pizza was decent, but I've had better margherita before.  I like the type of margherita with chunky tomatos, but this pizza just had ponds of thick sauce runnning into puddles of mozzarella.
Decent place for a slice or two of pie. Had a slice of the BBQ chicken pizza as well as the spinach ricotta pizza. Both were ok, nothing spectacular here but not bad either. Service is ok. There's a few tables inside with a minimalist decor.
NYPD smells better than any other pizza place ever. maybe because it's located so near sansom street, and the scent of fresh pies is just that much better after the moldy trash juice/dead body scent of sansom. 
The sicilian pizza at NYPD is the best i've ever had. The eggplant parm is also amazing, and i dont even like eggplant. The store is family owned and operated, and they all look alike which is pretty adorable. 
also, when my boyfriend broke his kidney a while back, he was in jefferson hospital across the street from NYPD and i brought him slices so he wouldnt have to eat hospital food. i'm pretty sure that's what saved his life.
Purchase: 3 slices of Sicilian pizza
Price: $10.50

Approaching the location, I originally had ordering Alfredo on my mind. Unfortunately they only serve pasta with marinara sauce. So I decided to try the pizza instead. The pizza was pretty nice. The right combination of cheese, crust, and sauce. The staff members were very helpful and they also take debit cards with no minimum. 'll definitely be back!
NYPD Pizza you are absolutely incredible, I had a spectacular experience here yesterday. We couldn't believe how cheap this place was. All of the staff are incredibly welcoming - you definitely feel welcome and taken care of. Every thing that we have purchased was incredibly fresh and flavorful. NYPD Pizza: Going back for more.
Pretty good pizza. Not my all time favorite in Philly but it's definitely up there. I was solo for this pizza experience so I got a personal pizza (Neapolitan) with my usual pepperoni and mushrooms. I really couldn't justify getting a $17+ pizza for myself. I have a feeling their regular size pies are tastier than the personals. Either way it hit the spot and lasted for a good two meals. It was a really decent size for being a personal pizza. 

Toppings:
A bit skimpy. Based on the pictures they seem to be more generous when it comes to the larger pies. Will remember that for next time!

Crust: 
Their crust and overall consistency was probably my favorite aspect of their pie. It was perfectly cooked and reheated well in my rather miserable hotel room microwave. 

Delivery:
My pizza was prepared and ready quickly. Only snag was I used door dash for delivery which really held things up. I have a feeling their actual delivery people are more on the ball. If you're ordering delivery you might want to check with them first before going the third party delivery route.
After about 7 years of working near this place, today was the first time I actually went in to get pizza!  Yes, I agree with some other reviewers that this tastes the closest to NY style pizza than any other I've had in Philadelphia so far (except for maybe Lorenzo's--but haven't been there in awhile).  I've been settling for less by going to other pizzarias closer to work.  Cheese is a bit salty, but crust is good.  Will walk the extra 2 blocks to get pizza slices from here next time.
Pepperoni pie
Solid pie, not outstanding, but gets the job done. 

Baked zitti
Nothing to write Mama about.  Some pasta, some tomato sauce with ricotta and mozarella melted on top by placing it in the pizza oven for a few minutes.  But the garlic rolls that came with it were pretty tasty.

Ambiance
Nat King Cole and Dino on the stereo.  Cheesy NY license plates on the wall.  Also, when I was there, the owner/manager was chewing out one of the non-English speaking delivery men, that really gets my pizza appetite gastric juices flowing.

Verdict
Take the pizza, leave the baked zitti.  Volare w-oh-oh-eh-oh.
I discovered this small chain while in Orlando and absolutely loved their pizza.  While in Philly today I spotted this and just had to stop for some pizza. It was just as I remembered -- yummy!! They welcomed us as soon as we walked in and took good care of us. 

I highly recommend.
