When you walk into O'Neal's, you might be taken aback by the tremendous amount of dudes in the place.  They are definitely serving sausage there.

  Wade past all the "sweet dudes" who are high fiving each other at the bar and make your way upstairs or all the way to the patio out back.  It is really nice out there, with the owner having shelled out a few dollars to revamp the concrete slab/plastic table set up that he previously had.  Now, it goes for a kind of European cafe feel with spot lighting, big circular tables and comfy seats.  The even have a flat screen outside for watching the game in the elements.  

  The beer specials are 2.50, so four hours of drinking equaled two rounds at a club, and you don't have to yell or have someone's genitals rub against you.  Our server was great and didn't let the Vonnegut book she was firmly entrenched in get in the way of keeping my palate wet.  Beers were prompt and cold.

  I ate a burger and it was delicious save for the roll, and good god man, the onion rings were perfect.  

 Our tab came at the end of the night.  With four people drinking steadily for almost four hours, our tab was so cheap, one of our companions picked up almost the whole thing (sweet deal for yours truly).  I had a great time chatting up the server, the cook, the bartender and everyone else.

  It would be nice to be able to smoke on the patio, but I saw the dilemma with the fan blowing right into the kitchen.  Also, stock your pond with some ladies for a while to thin out all the swinging dick that blocks my path out to the smoking area
I guess I should come here for happy hour sometime, based on the other reviews.  But alas, it was saturday night when I stopped in.  Two friends and I were looking for a place in the area to throw back a couple, that wasn't "South Street".  So O'Neal's it was, and not a bad place to do just that.

The lights were a little too bright (I usually don't want to see the other bar patrons in such harsh lighting... nothing good can come of it.)  And the no-nonsense dive-esque sports bar theme didn't really add anything for me.  But the beer selection was good, and the trivial pursuit cards kept us entertained for a while.  Did you know that belly button lint is most commonly blue?

The bartender had never heard of the beer Leffe (and if you haven't either, I suggest you try it), which was a little surprising.  I had to repeat my request several times and point to the bottle before he got it.  But he asked to try a taste of mine, decided it was quite good, and made up for it by giving us a shot of "sex with the captain" on the house.  I'll take it.

I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if you're with a few friends and just looking for a place to hang out, this'll do the job.  Especially if you're a dude.
Went in on a Sunday night solely to use the bathroom. Even though the place was empty, I don't really like using a restroom in a business without purchasing something so I figured I'd buy a quick shot. I look very young so I already had my ID in hand, I'm also a bartender so I know my whiskey pretty well. Bartender checks ID, proceeds to get me a drink, I throw it down the hatch, no problems here. I come back about an hour later needing to use the restroom room again, figured I'd buy another shot and throw him a good tip for using their facilities. I go to the same bartender, ask for the same shot, and he cards me again. OK- he's just doing his job, not a problem. Takes my ID to his buddy at the bar, comes back and says my ID isn't coming up in the system......ok that's a blatant lie, but whatever. I go on saying I was just here, how do you not remember me, that is my valid drivers license what do you mean it's not coming back??? He then asks me for a second for of ID. He wasn't expecting me to have a license to carry a firearm, so BAM, I slap that puppy on the table and say here you go sir, I would like my shot please. Takes both forms of my IDS to his buddy at the end of the bar who then asks me what this license is for. I tell him it's to legally carry a concealed firearm. He then continues to question what kind of firearm I have to try and test me. Overall, I felt personally attacked and humiliated. Will never return.
Sure, they have a great happy hour but their staff is disrespectful and rude. 

My boyfriend and I had to close our credit cards because of some fraudulent charges. The debit still worked, but not the credit. My boyfriend forgot and tried to pay credit at O'Neals to get a 6-pack. When there was a problem with the card, the bartender refused to give it back, even though my boyfriend had a photo ID that matched the name on the card. He tried to explain the situation, but the bartender did not want to hear any of it.

Not only did he refuse to give the card back, but he was a complete jerk about it. He told my boyfriend to go call the cops and they could settle it with an officer. Who knows how long that would have taken and we were on our way to a prior engagement. He spoke loudly and told other people at the bar that that card was declined. Why do you feel the need to share his business with the rest of your bar?  He would not give the card back, not matter what. He told my boyfriend that he could just leave the card there until it got sorted out. Finally, he cut the card up because my boyfriend did not want to leave it there with him. 

What an unprofessional establishment. I will not be returning here.
Waitress wouldn't take drink orders from men, only women.
Bartender gave me a hard time for trying to pay with LevelUp.
Bartender only agreed to serve drinks after I didn't want to pay with cash/credit.
Menu advertised $3.50 Guinness Drafts on Sundays, bartender charged $6.05.
I would be happy to go into depth with the management if I were to be contacted.
There's a lot to love about O'Neal's. First of all, every time I go, I'm impressed with how friendly and accomodating the ENTIRE staff is. You can take your pick for hang out locales- get squished downstairs, play darts upstairs, or chill out on the patio in back. They have great happy hour and nightly specials (2 for 1 appetizers, Wednesday is ladies night, Monday $2 microbrews, etc etc.) and prices on food are also completely reasonable. I recommend the Big Salad, though it's better pre-beer. O'Neals is also kind enough to sponsor Philadelphia Women's Rugby and allow us to occasionally take over upstairs for meetings, socials, and fundraisers. Solid beer selection as well, and usually not overcrowded. Upstairs is much more fun than down and they're pretty happy to turn the TV to whatever sports game you want to see.
Irish named bars usually aren't my scene - having grown up around Boston, I had my fill before turning 21.  I decided, however, to take up my friend's opinion that this place has the best happy hour around South Street.  And he was most certainly right.

Draft beers $5 and under are half price - anything else is $2 off. Appetizers are also half off.  Everyone is right about this place having some stellar munchie food - we opted for the sampler, which included pierogies, fries, chicken wings, and chicken tenders.  All of which were prepared fresh, unlike most other places.  

The patio out back rules.  It was an awesome spot to spend a beautiful August evening.  This place was a definite surprise for me, and proof that not all Irish bars are terrible.  I'll definitely be back.
Stopped by Oneal's after the Happy Hour at Tattooed Mom's and it was definitely a good scene. It had the classic neighborhood bar feel, 2 floors of hugeness, late night gastropub food, and plenty of daily drink specials to merit a visit.

We rolled up to the second floor and got drinks promptly. Wednesday was ladies night (1/2 drinks for the ladies) and $2.50 domestic drafts, so the tab was next to nothing. We also got to watch the worst game of darts EVER. these players were seriously ricocheting darts off the only metal part of the board. it kind of bought back memories of when I took a dart to the leg, but it was amusing to watch nonetheless.

Overall O'Neals is a great neighborhood dive that has plenty to do and see. Cheers.
PHILADELPHIA: Brie did Philly!!! Her first stop was at O'Neals Pub, a divey sports bar a few blocks from the Delaware River! Dogs are allowed inside on the main floor and also at the outdoor seasonal beer garden (there is a 2nd floor, but no dogs allowed). It's an old building and small/narrow, so we recommend going during the week and during the day so your dog is comfortable before the happy hour and weekend crowds fill the place.

They also have a nice food menu (Philly cheese steak anyone?) with reasonable prices and the super friendly bartender will make some recommendations on cocktails or from their huge list of beers. We kept it local with a Philadelphia Brewing Co.'s Walt Wit.

Brie always meets people everywhere we go and this time we ran into super sweet Debbie, a volunteer with Street Tails Animal Rescue, based in the city. If you're looking to add a pet to your family, consider adopting from here!
Ummm they don't call him Johnny so-so times...or even Johnny OK times...they call him Johnny Goodtimes and man does that dude deliver from his "I'm here to party" shirt to his Ipod full of perfect tunes...Being that I can now consider myself a seasoned quizzo participant, I can honestly say this one of the better quizzo's in the city...and hope that us Yelp folk make it back there again...soon!  

For the other 6 days of the week, O'Neals offers a economy friendly menu that is pretty tasty.  I had the cheeseburger with a side of onion rings for $8.  Not bad!  The onion rings were the quintessential onion rings...big, fat and crispy!  These aren't some sad minced version that you find at some other bars....

The bartender was perfect and helped us with everything we needed...she even gave us the right answer to one of the questions, but we didn't take her advice....I didn't say we were bright.  We sat at the bar and it was the perfect kind of night that they had the doors open.  I was lucky enough to be sitting at the bar next to a handsome gentleman and his even more adorable dog...I don't think I have ever had the pleasure of having a dog sit on the bar stool next to mine...and probably won't again...it really was the perfect night...I know I already said that....

O'Neals seems like that kind of bar that you somehow ended up in years ago, but then never went back...but you should...you should go back...
This place is simply outrageous! In the good way! Always a blast. Saturday nights on the second floor are always a party! The bartenders are the best of south street! Shout out to Marsha! She makes killer drinks and is always extremely fun and spunky and professional! Seriously though every drink she makes is muy delicioso. If your on south st, deffff stop by oneals!
We were thrilled to find a friendly bar that allows patrons to bring their dogs. Not being sports bar people, we weren't sure if we would dig the atmosphere, but we were pleasantly surprised. 

The food (fries, wings, dips) was decent bar quality, and we even managed to score a couple of spare ribs and a dish of water for the pup. The waiter was great and the beer selection a good mix of regular sports bar fare (Bud, Guinness, etc) and craft brews (Sly Fox, Yards). 

The owner, Spoony, introduced himself and fussed over our dog, Bella, which was really sweet. The TVs were at a volume where we could hold a conversation and the regulars seemed like cool people. The bar even hosts a dog Santa day each December, where you can bring your pet to meet Santa and get a picture taken!

Would give five stars except: really difficult to find parking, would like more craft beers, not a fan of sports bars. 

We would definitely come back for the warm welcome, great service, and puppy friends!
Bottom line - the karaoke DJ sucks on Friday. He actually swore and yelled at bar patrons.
Let's get a key point out of the way right from the start.  O'Neal's may have the most generous happy hour on earth.  It's half off drinks and appetizers, 4:30 to 6:30 downstairs, then 6:30 to 8:30 upstairs, every weekday.  They also have daily specials on top of that.

  They have a better beer selection than most of the other Irish bars in town, including a good selection of craft and import bottles.  For bonus points they also have Yuengling Porter and Chesterfield, bottles that don't usually make the cut in Philly's diverse beer scene.

Food is mostly pub and sportsbar fare.  It's good in that respect, especially the sampler plate with wings, fires, fingers, and pierogies.  The loaded fries and the nachos are both very good, and have a huge portion suited to sharing with multiple people.  I'm also a fan of their quesadillas, which are perfectly overstuffed.

There are three floors of the bar, plus an outdoor patio.  The second floor has more seating than the first, as well as several dartboards, and a stage in back that sees occasional shows.  The third floor is mostly for special events and dart leagues.  The staff is also great, friendly and outgoing, and always aware of when you need your next drink.

it's also a great place to watch the game, including European soccer.  They have a lot of Steelers swag on the walls, so I imaging they are one of the betters place for Philly's many Pitt expats to congregate.  They also frequently show yankees games during times I've been there.  I was also there for the Flyers epic comeback against the Bruins, so O'Neal's will alway have a special place in my orange and black heart.
I can't believe I haven't written a review for O'Neals yet. I end up there all the time because the sponsor my rugby team (I swear this isn't biased) It doesn't hurt that I live on the same block.

O'Neals has a surprising beer list, and I mainly stick with the bottles. For the food, I definitely prefer their wings over anything else, even though I usually take them home and end up wearing them after a night of drinking. They serve food until 1 or 1:30AM which is useful now that Lorenzo's burned up.

I am not sure how anyone can say the staff is rude in their yelp reviews. Everyone there from servers to bartenders are great, and I think it adds to the fun atmosphere. It does get busy, so I know they aren't exactly going to be chatty.

Some things a lot of people don't know:
- They cater. If you have a group event and don't want to break the bank, this is a spot I recommend. It's not just pub food either.
- They have a back patio hidden through the bar. It looks and and feels nothing like the rest of the place. 
- They have growlers. Enough said.
- They make a mean breakfast sandwich and serve tots.
- They take Level Up which makes drunk paying so much easier.
Only stop by for an hour on October 17th. The service was great even though they were packed . They made us feel right at home . I had a Long Island iced & an angry orchard apple cider. . I ordered the Pierogis. They were delicious. It was such a friendly place. I can't wait to go back there. It's on 3rd st. Right off south . It can be a little hard to find & parking can be difficult with the Philadelphia Parking Authority out there constantly. Half the meteors don't work so your best bet is parking on front & south & walking up. Well worth the walk. Even better is going on a Wednesday night when parking is free. Either way it's definitely a great spot if you are around south street.
Not impressed. Mediocre food, weak service. Better options with far more value and character in the neighborhood.
Amid the chaos of South Street, there is an Irish escape.  

Great pub grub with relatively fantastic prices.  

The Philadelphian beer drinker will really enjoy this little nook.  And maybe after a couple pints, one might wander away from their sports-streaming flat screens in favor of some Friday night karaoke.  Or maybe you're just content with the very generous Happy Hour specials.
7 of my friends and I stopped in this afternoon. Your bartender asked for IDs (which is protocol) then proceeded to dictate to us where we be allowed in (wildwood- flip flops??) for those of us with duplicates on our licenses. I understand how dupes on a license would be a potential issue as a fake for a bar, but to be chastised then served, then told we wouldn't get into a bar at the jersey short 1 1/2 hour away is unacceptable. We came in to spend money at your bar, but we were met with a bartender who is obviously on a power trip. We have been to Your bar in the past and had a good time, your bartender this afternoon was less than welcoming and this post needed to be written.
I like this place a lot. They have great bar food and their specials are really good. I believe they have two happy hours, one downstairs for a couple hours and one upstairs at a later time. You could enjoy specials downstairs and then head upstairs for more.

They also have really good sunday specials, $.25 wings and cheap beers. Good beers too like guiness and stella. 

When it is nice out they have back porch seating, which is so awesome. It's a really nice porch, you almost feel like you are at home sitting out there with your friends. They also have table umbrellas to shelter you from the sun if it is bright. We've never gone and not gotten a seat at the bar, at a table or outside. 

They also deliver food at certain times.

The only complaint I have is that they use Johnny Goodtimes for their quizzo and I am just not a fan of his (sorry, he seems like a nice dude) but I am completely spoiled with Rory's quizzo at Fado which is so much better organized and a lot more rounds.
I know everyone else said it but really the best happy hour you can get anywhere. It's 4 hours long. 4:30-6:30 downstairs, then you just walk up the steps and there is happy hour 6:30-8:30 up there. The food specials are awesome. The food is good even when it's not half off. My friends and I are here pretty much every other night. Not like we are alcoholics but the bartenders are all ridiculously friendly, courteous and just on top of things. The Owner Spoonie, nicest guy, he even gave me his business card. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for not the tourist trap south street bull crap that every where else offers. O'Neals Is where it's at. The crowd is eclectic, but everyone who is a patron of this establishment will great you with a smile and introduce themselves to you. There are tons of regulars but they always welcome new faces. It's not a place where you walk in and everyone stops what they are doing and stares. I guarantee whoever you sit down next to will introduce themselves and ask you how you are. Check out their website. It has everything else you need. I just want to say Thanks O'Neal's for being a) so close to my apt. b) the most awesome bar ever.
This place isn't aiming to be ethnic as it is sporty, and I'm okay with that. It doesn't try to be something it isn't. It does, however, have awesome pub food and a fine selection of local beers. My love affairs with lemon drops and Hoegaarden both began here.

They have two levels, which means ample room. If you can get there right after work, you and the office crowd may have the top floor to yourself.

Pirogies are excellent. Do try them.

The only real problem I have with this place is the bathroom. It's small and up a few flights of stairs. Drinking is not conducive to small rooms and multiple flights of stairs. If you want to actually get drunk here, you'll need to really hold out before breaking the seal.
Just moved in around the corner on 3rd and South so we have ventured into O'Neals frequently. We mostly visit on Saturday morning/afternoon to grab a few beers, watch a game, and eat some GREAT food. 

Every time we've been to O'Neals they have always delivered on the food. We haven't been disappointed yet and their Chili is simply outstanding. 

Check this place out and make sure you talk to Spoonie (the owner) and Robbie, two great guys that make your experience highly enjoyable.
Admittedly I believe that I visited this bar far more frequently when I lived in Chinatown. Having lived (according to the Yelp App) only .2 miles away for a number of months now, find myself wondering why I haven't been back sooner. My last visit was during one of the many blizzards of the 2009-10 snowmageddon. After joining forces with neighbors, my roommate and I decided that we would all battle the storm and head to Makos. We somehow managed to find what was sure to be the only 4WD cab in the entire city and asked to be driven to South St. Much to our dismay Makos was closed, but just down the street O'Neals lights were shining bright like a beacon calling us home. We shut the place down that night, not a natural disaster, no, just highly intoxicated idiots drinking too many Miller High Life's and chowing down on chicken fingers. 

Last night I learned from Suzanne (a fantastically friendly bartender) that O'Neals is open 365 days a year. In fact, they put out an entire Thanksgiving feast for those that can't get home to be with their families and open late on Christmas day so that no one has to be alone at the holidays. Talk about a classy establishment, hearing that made me want to cry! 

If I had nowhere to go for the holidays, this is where I would want to be. The bartenders are happy to work where they do, which translates into happy customers, the beer list is rather extensive with rotating specials, and I had a perfectly satisfying burger with somewhat overcooked onion rings for a mere $7. Other reviews stake a claim that O'Neals boasts the best happy hour in the city, I can neither confirm nor deny, but can see myself checking that out sometime in the near future. 

Tuesday quizzo with Johnny Goodtimes turned out to be exactly that...a good time. I think the general consensus was that we enjoyed his questions and format, the game starts around 8:15ish and he chugs along at a pretty good pace that we were done with four rounds by 9:30. Speaking of chugging, whether or not this is a regular thing it's still pretty awesome, JGT will throw down and buy a couple of beers (as an interlude) in exchange for some correct individual answers. 

This bar pretty much wreaks of win and I'm happy to have it so close to home. I'll be taking this off the back burner especially this winter, I have a feeling they'll be seeing a lot of me.
Sports bar (Pittsburgh fans, amongst Philly fans) perhaps but it doesn't stop me from hittin happy hour here... 
1/2 priced apps and drink specials downstairs 4:30-6:30 and 6:30-8:30 upstairs... pretty sure that's just M-F but not completely certain...
they have poker upstairs Mondays and Wednesdays @ 7:45 too
all around good food and environment !
O'Neal's is still my go-to bar. I go-to Oneal's way too frequently. They have great specials, an awesome waitstaff, and Mohamed cooks up some perfect bar food every time.
My girlfriend and I have ventured over to O'Neals several times from preseason eagles games till now, and it's always enjoyable. Spoonie(the owner) is great. He seems like a nice old school guy who likes good company and we love coming here. One of my favorite bars to visit in philly.
I've played a lot of quizzo in this City but it was a first for me at O'Neals. It definitely won't be a last. 

First, unlike other places in the city, O'Neals wasn't super crowded/loud during quizzo. It was crowded enough for a good competition but not to the point of annoyance.

At first I was confused with the upstairs/downstairs dichotomy of happy hours but then found out that there were happy hour specials downstairs where quizzo was in addition to upstairs and was very happy indeed. Like other reviewers have posted, it seems as if there are endless happy hours here. 

Tuesday night it was Mexican beers and margaritas. For $3.50 the bartender makes a strong margarita.

My friends ordered the artichoke dip and while it wasn't the best I ever had, it was definitely worth the $7 they paid for it. Generous portion and tasted pretty good too.

O'Neals also has several televisions with a variety of sports for your viewing pleasure.
Fade to light.

Typical small-town bar. Light wood interior, but dimly lit. The room itself is long and narrow. Though not playing in the bar area, music descends from a staircase that leads to a presumed dance floor.

A "bouncer" sits at the door checking IDs. The bar is lined with 20-30-somethings. Some stand. Others sit. A group of men flirts with a female bartender as she pours them one of a multitude of taps. (Local lagers, foreign IPAs and even a cider or two). There is a refrigerator with a collection of bottled brews. Beer mongers would be pleased. 

Three young women walk in.

Male bartender: You're not from around here, are you?
Young women (giggle): No
Patrons: Well that's alright. Pull up a chair, have a seat and order yerself a beer.

The women do just that. Chatter commences. Friendliness exudes from every nook of the bar. The women feel at home. Welcome, but not gawked at. Smiles and another round indicate the ladies' pleasure with the service and the regulars. 

They will be back. 

Fade to dark.
Love Oneals! The prices are great! Food is fresh delicious! Great  bar food and also healthy options. Staff is always friendly and welcoming. You must try it!
Love this place. The owner is friendly and in a great spot. Drink specials are great. Come support this local establishment in the heart of South Philly.
Lovely place. Staff and patrons are very friendly. Food is good. Great deals on beers. Very relaxed atmosphere during the week. A good after work bar and good for Quizzo on Mondays!
Came here last night for a quizzo tournament.  It was a tad cramped and completely baseball distracted but still a nice bar.  The food was good (I was very impressed with my Greek salad) particularly the apps (cheese fries, mozzarella cheese sticks, nachos) and cheap.  (Apps were 1/2 off).  I don't drink beer but I was impressed with the wine.  The staff was friendly and enthusiastic.  All in all a-ok.
Sunday night is the best night to go to this awesome establishment.  The $0.25 buffalo wings (inferno sauce) is the best wings I've had (outside of New Orleans) and $3 Guiness/Stella ain't too shabby either.  Otherwise, their sandwiches are awesome.  The staff is also one of most friendly in the city.  

This is also a great place to watch sports.  Great HDTVs.  The bartenders are not obnoxious as other places if you want to watch non-philly sports teams.
Came in for a quick drink on our own little pub crawl. The bartender was amazing! She was super knowledgable and friendly, but the owner is a different story. 
We wanted to hang out with our group so we went to the patio and the owner came out and told us we couldn't smoke. No big deal, we don't smoke. But he was adamant that we don't smoke. He told us 4 times not to smoke, OK no s*it don't smoke. 
Then the proceeds to turn on all the lights, which was fine we didn't care. But he was a rude about why he HAD to turn the lights on. We said that's fine, and again he was adamant that he HAD to turn the lights on. And rude about it. 
I'd give this place 4 stars other than the rude, jerky owner
we stopped in after our bus tour. We sat in the main floor bar area and ordered a couple of drinks. It was happy hour and he was sure to explain how it worked. Their happy hour ends at 7 pm but go upstairs and they have happy hour starting at 7 pm. So, we went upstairs and ordered two more cocktails. Ordered some happy hour food. Everything was great. We enjoyed the downstairs staff much more than the upstairs staff. Both were friendly and did their jobs. Upstairs staff seemed very uptight and the downstairs staff did not. We opted to leave once our food was gone. We would definitely return. We really liked this place! Nice paint job on the outside too.
I'm a bit hazy on this one... I'm very often already half in the bag by the time someone suggests to go to O'Neal's. Can't tell you about the prices, or the food, or the beer selection (they serve a lesser know stout in place of Guinness) I still whole-heartedly suggest you visit O'Neal's if for no other reason than to see Rebecca the loveliest bartender I've ever seen. I defy you to find a flaw on this girl. She's worth the trip. Also, the regulars (especially the girls) are always very nice to me even though I'm already a goofy drunken beast when I walk through the door. Be good or be gone.
After my 2nd time at O'Neals (in as many years) I can say that this is a fine little establishment.

My most recent visit which is the subject of this review was for their Tuesday night quizzo.  As someone who frequents quizzo weekly and tries at a number of places, I enjoyed myself here.

We grabbed seats and the bar and got our drinks.  The bartender was super nice and personable.  It felt like she was our own personal bartender even though she was serving the full bar of patrons.  Nice service.

I got to try some of their burger and onion rings.  Nothing super fancy at all but damn did it taste good.  This was in no way a gourmet, over the top, let's get it on food network burger.  Instead, it was simply presented and tasted like it had been cooked properly and wasn't previously frozen.

Anyhoo, good little joint and I can see myself coming back here.
The best thing about O'Neal's is the terrace in the back. It is beautiful. And the excellent perrogies and salads.
I was with friends and we stopped here and had a drink each. It was quick and easy and staff was friendly. It was a laid back environment and I enjoyed my time there. Prices were reasonable.
Tonight (Saturday night/Sunday morning) around midnight some of my family and I Attempted to go in to go upstairs for Karaoke with some family members.  We weren't allowed in because the doorman or "bouncer" carded three members of our group (myself included-32). One member of the group who was 26 did not have his ID with him. When my aunt (59) asked this staff member if we could still go up to karaoke and just not have him drink, Mark a black x in his hand whatever, or have his mother in law who was watching his kids send a photo of the ID so he could at least come in to karaoke with us we were told no. It's not that we were told no that was the problem, it was the way we were told no. The smug look and air of cockiness on this guy's face from the moment we walked in prior to even asking for ID was the problem. He is was condescending from the moment he asked for my ID and in well into my 30s and it continued. We weren't rude, rowdy, and simply asked if it was ok that's all. His response was "no, if the liquor board comes in and we get fined that comes out of my check". I asked him "you would get fined for having someone over 21 in the bar?" He replied "yes that's still a fineable offense" and all of which was said while he crossed his arms and puffed up his chest. Had he been kinder in the way he explained this we would have just said ok fine and left (which we did anyway!) without leaving a review. For the record, the having someone in a bar that is over 21 and does not have their license on them is not a fineable offense by the Pennsylvania liquor board's standards. The only way it would be fineable is if the liquor license has a wine expanded permit in which case the two other of us who were carded should have had our IDs run through a scanner not glanced at quickly with a flashlight. From the looks of other reviews it seems like the whole ID power trip thing is a common complaint here. And since we were told false Information and didn't get our IDs scanned I am considering calling the liquor board.

Update to review after comment from business: we can totally appreciate the house rules, that's not the problem. The problem was the attitude in which the house rules were explained. Puffing up your chest to a woman who was not intoxicated and speaking in a condescending tone of voice to someone who was being polite when asking a question is unacceptable. Had your doorman simply said "hey I'm sorry I understand your frustration but it's house rules" we would have gladly said "aw bummer, ok see ya next time" and gladly gone our way and considered to continue being patrons to this establishment again in the future.
What a find!  Walking through philly and spotted the O'Neals Pub.  Service was great.  Beer and Cocktails were fresh.  Food was so tasty.  Must come and enjoy!
The bartender, kelsea really cared about the water amount vs how much you drank which really matters to me. Thank you kelsea!
Even after living in Queen Village for 2 years, I had never gotten around to stopping by O'Neals even though I had heard great things about it from friends of mine in the neighborhood.  Then, a few months after I left the neighborhood, I went to see a friend whom I hadn't seen in many years perform an acoustic set at Wooden Shoe Books.  After the performance, a large group of us decided to hit up a local bar for drinks and then Lorenzo's for pizza.  As for the bar, we settled on O'Neal's, and despite it being a busy Friday night, the drink selection and table service made the experience worthwhile.  I'm not a huge beer drinker, so I was thrilled they had cider on draft.  Karaoke was going on upstairs later that night but none of us were able to stay out that late; regardless, I would definitely come back to O'Neal's if I'm on South Street again!
We hosted our fantasy football draft for the third year in a row at O'Neals and it keeps getting better every time. Spoonie is always responsive and definitely goes out of his way to make sure the entire bar is having a great time.  We had a section upstairs reserved where there was plenty of seating  for our draft and TVs and dart boards to keep us entertained when the draft was over.  The drink specials and apps were customized for our preferences and there are always tons of options to choose from for very reasonable prices. The service was amazing and the food and drinks were delicious.  And again - the prices are extremely affordable for the quality of service, drinks and food. I couldn't imagine doing our annual draft anywhere else!

If you are looking for a place to host a party, grab a few drinks, eat some good food, or just play some darts with a solid crew, I highly recommend O'Neals.  You won't be disappointed!
One of my favorite watering holes in the whole city. Not touristy, normally pretty crowded but not so much that you can't find a table, and a different drink special every day/night. Food is awesome, and the waitstaff are really great too. Great place to watch a game, and get a bit too drunk for a weeknight.
Not a fan.  I honestly can't believe I actually ate here sober...but I did.  For some reason I went here with some friends, got a table out on the patio, and had some drinks and food.  It took super long to get our food, the waitress was not very attentive, and the food wasn't that great.  

If you want to watch the soccer match (or any sport for that matter) and suck down some Bud Lights then this might just be your place.  It's just not really mine...
Was there last night.  It was ok and the food looked great.  Had the weirdest experience though with the blond server.  She was wearing an Iron Maiden shirt and it had what appeared to be the killers logo or the first album logo on it.  I asked her about the shirt and she got super PO'd at me, was extremely rude about my question and stormed off.  I was just making conversation and was there with my wife and said nothing disrespectful or rude.  Not sure what her problem was but it certainly made for a very uncomfortable experience for the group.  She definitely has a quick trigger.  Beware if you go.
Awesome pub! Stopped in for a drink and left feeling like family. Can't wait to come back again. Great tunes, casual vibe and fair prices. Add some darts and you'll have my heart forever.
We stumbled upon O'Neal's Pub and it reminded me what a pub and bar should look like. In the back there were six booths to accommodate the three of us. Rugby was paying on the TV. I had a cup of their delicious chili with onions and cheddar cheese. My son enjoyed his chicken quesadilla immensely. My wife and I shared the fabulous Philly steak cheese nachos. They have an upstairs dining room that opens at 6:30 PM. Looking forward to return when we're in the area. Can't wait!
This review is for Dana T. With the one star review above. I was there the night you are talking about. Your son offered to buy several rounds for the gentleman at the bar. They were getting along pretty well & I got the impression they could have gotten closer if you hadn't been there having an absolute fit about him buying drinks for the nice man at the bar.  Your son looked terribly embarrassed and left to avoid the scene you were causing.
Yesterday was my first time in O'Neal's Pub my new favorite watering hole. Great selection of beer and great mixed drinks. They allow dogs inside which is amazing the staff was attentive to the dogs as well. I can't wait for my next bar crawl and include O'Neals into places we stop into. Till next time O'Neals Cheers!
O'Neals is a great neighborhood bar that genuinely cares about the community.  I see the previous review regarding it not being OK to have music outside and run a business while a health crisis occurs.  That person is ignorant and should have stayed home if they were worried.  For those who did come out O'Neals kept a sanitary station outside and a clean establishment with great drinks and food inside.  The entire staff was amazing and I can't recommend this place enough!
We came here to watch a 7 o'clock Sixer's game one night and had a really good time. The service was great and the happy hour deals are awesome. From 6:30-8:30 there is a happy hour upstairs - I think it was $4 drafts and $5 apps which was a good deal. The main reason I gave it only 3 stars was because the food was just ok, normal bar food, and the draft selection was pretty standard. They did have a nice bottle list though and there were plenty of TVs to watch the game. I'll definitely come again to hang out, but probably will just come for drinks!
Great neighborhood bar. Always has beer specials and the bar staff are friendly and attentive. The downstairs offers a good sized bar with table seating and a back patio. Upstairs also has a large bar, table seating and darts. Both floors have a jukebox. There is a 3rd floor which I guess could be used for private parties? I'm not sure. Lots of TV's all over the bar, always happy to put on a game for out of towners.

Quizzo seems very popular and there's poker on Mondays and Wednesdays. I think they also have a rugby team based out of here. My favorite bar in the city.
Their food is delicious! The veggie burger was one of the best I've had and on a Kaiser roll (yum)! I will definitely be ordering from here again. And the owners are excellent people!
My boyfriend and I drove up to Philly from SC to enjoy some cheesesteaks and stumbled upon this place (we love Irish pubs). Our bartender, Kerr, was super chill and gave us great recommendations for places to visit on our trip. The beer selection was very nice. Perfect bar to spend some time in with laid back vibes.
I stumbled upon this place on accident walking through Philly. 
Turned out to be a pretty solid place. Pretty typical bar food with a few items that would qualify as Irish pub food. 
I was able to get a patio table with a propane heater right next to it and there was a TV outside with a soccer match on so that was cool. I got the $5 burger special and a pint of Guinness...no complaints here.
Its not fine dining but if you go in here with realistic expectations you will probably really enjoy your experience.
The staff is amazing!! Take out food is perfect. So lucky to have the restaurant in my neighborhood!!!!!
The bartender was completely abrasive in the way he approached us (meanwhile we're all over 30) and asked for our ID. He told my fiancé that because he had 2 dups he wouldn't be served. Completely ridiculous & unprofessional. He lost his license!! He was a complete d*ck. We'll never come back here again. Learn some manners!!!!
Delicious & freshveggie burger, which can be so hard to find! Would definitely check this place out.
This past Sunday I was in town from Atlanta and found O'Neals from a "Steelers bars" Google search. A majority of fans were watching from the 2nd floor bar tucked in the back corner. Sound was on, there were plenty of TV's, the bartender was awesome and the Yuengling on draft made this a 5 star experience. 

What really set O'Neals apart was the kindness I received after calling to let them know I had left my purse at the bar, but was about to board my flight back to Atlanta. The owner was incredibly friendly and offered to ship it to me the following day. I was in full Panic mode, and can't thank the staff enough for putting my mind at ease immediately. 

Oh! and PS- the perogies are phenomenal!!
Good food and better service.. stumbled across this gem while out on south street! Great drink menu as well
Never met a beer, dish, or person here that I didn't like - O'Neals has that nice neighborhood bar feel  and is both welcoming and relaxed.
 
Though their beer list is pretty stable & unchanging -- it's got some really great beer on it. Throw some darts, or play quizzo on Monday nights -- or Karaoke at 9pm on Friday night@ The karaoke here is pretty fun (they have karaoke on Sunday nights at 7pm too thought I haven't checked it out.)

They have a really solid happy hour - which is really unique in that the one downstairs goes 4:30/6:30 --- and upstairs goes 6:30/8:30 Monday thru Friday --- so its half price (most) beers & $5.00 Apps! Their pierogies & bacon mac n cheese are really good -- and the kitchen stays open late!
I promise I don't even like Irish bars. But of them, O'Neals is one of the few I can bother with. The bartenders and staff are great, prices are so reasonable, and I used to play quizzo here. Particularly good for an afternoon beer, and it's nice and dim without being cave-dark. Not speaking to the food, since I don't find many vegan options here, but I'm pretty sure I've made it work with a side of fries, and hey: It's an Irish bar. Enjoy your beers and whatever happenings are happs.
O'Neals is not my favorite bar.  That being said, I have a lot of good things to say about it.  But it probably is the best sports bar in the city.  Sure, they might give you a hard time for being an out of town fan, but your game will still be put on.  

The staff here is friendly, the beer selection is decent, and the happy hour is excellent.  4:30-6:30, half off most drinks and apps.  And then at 6:30, you can march upstairs and get two more hours of the happy hour special.  How can you beat that?

The food here is standard bar food, but the wings are pretty good.  On a nice day, the front doors open up the whole store front, so you can simultaneously sit at the bar and enjoy the weather.  Lastly, the addition of trivial pursuit cards sitting at the bar encourages a Quizzo create your own adventure. 

Bottom Line: The cheap drinks, good staff, and abundance of TVs make this my go to spot to watch out of market games.
First time (as an adult) in Philly, and while I'm not a fan of cheese steaks, this place caught my eye. I have a think for dive bar type places, or little hole in the wall pubs such as this one. I just feel like you get the best service, types of people, and food. And i wasn't wrong with this spot. 
You walk in and you are greeted by the warm smell of fried food and beer. Blasting Irish music as well as random songs (it was karaoke the night we went) i will suggest they just constantly play Irish music though, maybe some Flogging Mollies?!
Anyways, i had the fish and chips & Mac and cheese. The Mac and cheese was actually terrible and I'd suggest never getting it ever (if you're reading this remove it from the menu) and my BFF got the Chipotle Sandwich but with a burger. All of the food was so yummy (except for said Mac and cheese) would definitely make a stop next time I'm in the area.
It's great coming here and sitting outside on a nice evening - great specials, TVs! The only negative is the server, Gabi. She has a bad attitude if you're not one of her buddies. I saw a few people walk up to a table next to mine. It had some food crumbs so the guy was wiping them off himself. She came out with a spray bottle to clean it(after a cigarette break), but promptly turned around once she saw him wiping the crumbs. Very unprofessional and lazy of her! It's great here, but honestly, she is not.
I just wanna say that this place is awesome! Great food, atmosphere, drinks, and especially service!! When me and my boyfriend walked in we immediately got seated where we wanted , our food and drinks came out quick, table was cleared off fast when we were done. Wish we came out earlier so we can spend more time dining and having drinks! Will be back there soon!
Great outdoors space, love the karaoke. Would come here on weekday or weekend, rain or shine!
Come one come all for a great open experience for many attributes of alcohol, offering a wide rang of carbonated beverages categorized by gustatory modality & appraisal. 
Simple and sweet, offering two bar areas on the first and second floors with a quieter party area on the third floor, O'Neals boast a welcoming wait staff both courteous & conversant. 
Food was exceptional and appetizing, pairing wholly with our drinks. 
Stop on by while you wander the streets of South or before heading over to the TLA for a show.
