Eleven of us showed up at 10:30 for a Dim Sum experience in Philadelphia Chinatown last Saturday.  I had selected Ocean City Restaurant on the north end of 9th Street from Yelp reviews.  A little out of the way. A lot more available tables than other similar banquet halls closer to the center of CTown. 

We were met near the front door by the owner/manager, who at first thought there were only two of us.  He was gracious, even knowing we could not eat enough to make his day.  Then, we explained there were actually nine more right behind us.  His face registered the glint of happy surprise as he swiveled and pointed to the large round table in the front corner with exactly eleven chairs around it.  Now, he was very happy, and walked with us and set up the lazy Susan in the middle of the table as we all gathered 'round.  Maybe, we would help his bottom line.  

Indeed, we did.

As the cart ladies approached, the titular hostess of this feast arose and began to order for everyone.  Nothing random here.  She pointed and placed, requested and demanded, served and bussed, and made sure everyone had an equal amount of every dish desired.  Truly, an amazing display of taking charge, and improving the experience.  She has a future in the hosting business.  

If you check the photos, you will see that we sampled a large amount of what Ocean City had to offer.  Everything was good to exceptional for dim sum.  Special mention to the Minced Pork Congee, Tofu Skin with Veggies, and the Seafood Dumplings.  Tasty and fun.  We didn't try everything, but enjoyed what we had, with even the rookies fully engaged.  We left enough on the menu for another visit.  

It always surprises me how much food you get at a dim sum, and for what a fair price.  Eleven of us (9 adults), gorged for under $150, and even brought a few things home.  

Ocean City is a traditional seafood house that does a splendid Hong Kong style 'small plates'.  Can't speak to the regular menu, but they do dim sum the old fashioned way. Full floor show. Totally satisfied.

Keep it coming!
I totally enjoy dim sum.
By now, I'm sure those who read my reviews, know that typically my coworkers and I dine in a dim sum parlor about  3-4 times a year. Usually we go to Joy Tsin Lau, but due to their food-safety problem, we had to explore other options in Philly.  
I gotta say, Ocean City Restaurant does dim sum right. Once you see these dim sum carts wheel by your table, you'll want to eat some of this Shrimp Balls, and some of these Fried Crispy Squid, and one of those Egg Tarts, and probably you will end it with a Sesame Ball, if you still have extra room.

What I liked:
- Authentic dim sum experience.
- Adventuresome (Sauteed Frog, anyone?) No, thank you. I'll pass.
-  Attentive staff.
- Spacious and clean.
- Reasonably priced. 

What I didn't liked:
- Not well known, but worth a visit.

Three and Half Yelps.
While I was in Philly for a week, my family made me come here to eat breakfast with them for 3 consecutive days. It was my first time coming back to this restaurant since over 15 years ago. Honestly, if you ever had dim sum all over NY, you would think these dim sum places in Philly all taste subpar/ mediocre or cannot compare. The extra star is for the good service we received because my dad knows the owner and workers here, if not, it would be slacking and slow. 

The dim sum here are ok, some were bland and some were a few days old like the tripe stew and daikon dish. Out of the so many dishes I've tried, I only liked their pork siu mai and sticky rice in lotus leaf, which were the only 2 things I had that was decent, everything else was not so good. We even ordered noodle dishes and even those were very salty. I wouldn't recommend this place for dim sum unless you're a newbie and/ or don't mind trying new places out...
I used to be okay with coming to Ocean City but my past experience, or lack thereof, completely turned off my friends and family.
We came on a Saturday afternoon post half-marathon. They brilliantly thought it was a good idea to close off their second floor. On a saturday, that is a big mistake, when you know there is going to be a big rush for dimsum. After being quoted a "15 minute" wait, we decided to wait. Yes, we asked about 5 times to make sure that it was "fifteen" not " fifty" aka "1-5" not "5-0" so theres no lost in translation there.

...45 minutes later even the older adults were getting frustrated. It's completely understandable if there is a long wait, but to give us one quote and not even update us throughout the process, it's just plain rude. Half of my party was falling asleep at this point! Unacceptable. We could have eaten at another place a long time ago.
Even the people in our party who used to frequent this place were so upset that they said they will never come here again. Not cool OC.
TL;DR - The baked pork buns were not just the best things we ate, but they were the best I've ever had. 

We don't live in Philly. We live in a land where push cart dim sum doesn't exist. So this is a real treat for my kids who love the experience of getting to pick their favorite treats, as wave after wave of deliciousness is paraded past the table.

I used to work on the edge of Downtown San Francisco's Chinatown. And I delved deep into dim sum during my time there. I now what makes a good har gow, and I'm all about a comforting bowl of congee... unless of course it's summer in Philadelphia, and the streets are as steaming hot as the rice porridge.

So the kids and I came for brunch. We were literally the first people in the restaurant. And I was asked what kind of tea I wanted. Things were off to a good start.

Once I looked over my shoulder, to see if there was a dim sum cart approaching, and a waiter who thought I might have needed something swooped in just to check. 

Wow. That's service.

But we were there for brunch, so we took it slow. The best thing on the table was the baked pork buns, which were the best I've ever had. The pastry and the meat within were so tender, it was remarkable. Other winners were the sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf and the tofu pudding. 

The tofu pudding was something we saw on one side of the dining room, but the contraption never made the rounds. However, that diligent waiter was easy to wave down, and he gladly delivered us a bowl.

We also had to ask for an order of the rice noodle rolls filled with a fried dough stick. It's my son's favorite thing, and I was glad they had them. However, it was one of the weaker dishes, largely based on the taste of old oil. 

I can't say if that was a problem with fried things in general or not, because this was the only fried thing we ordered.

However, all dim sum parlors have their highs and their lows. The secret is in finding the things each place does best. And while I wasn't blown away, this was totally solid.

It should be noted, that instead of waving down a vested employee at the table to settle up your tab, you just bring it to the cashier directly. Once again, many thanks to the helpful waiter.

This is a solid dim sum parlor. I would love to have it in my town. Philly is lucky to have it. And I'm sure, over time, I would discover more treats that are notable. In the meantime, those pork buns and sticky rice are worth the trek to Chinatown.
So far (not that there are many or awesome places to compare), but this is the BEST dim sum place in Chinatown/Philly.  By far, this beats Ocean Habour and Joy Tsin Lau (although, there is prob. a little more variety at Joy Tsin Lau).

This is located across from a Parking lot/outskirts of Chinatown. Therefore, it's not as crowded for weekend dim sum. You must go at 12:15-12:30pm, because this is when all the good stuff (black bean clams, Chinese vegs, Prawns, Tofu balls, come out). If you come early when it isn't crowded, you can get your usually Haw Gau, Sui Mai, Shrimp Rolls, Beef Balls, Rice Porridge, BBQ Pork Buns, etc.) But, you need to come when things are piping hot and busy.

Service is better/more attentive than the others and they speak Cantonese here vs more Mandarin at Joy Tsin Lau. Besides the food, I would come back for the BATHROOMS. Yes, I declare this Rest. to have the cleanest female bathrooms with granite counter-tops and they understand what bleach/cleaning supplies are. Def. coming back!!
One of my new fav places to get dim sum over other places in Chinatown like ocean harbor or joy tsin Lau. In my opinion, it is slightly cheaper or equivalent per dish than the other nearby restaurants that offer dim sum, while maintaining similar if not a slightly higher quality for some of their dishes. Recommend their "fried dumpling with meat inside" since I don't know the correct name...and their "chang fen" or flat rice noodle with shrimp or pork. Also recommend their Sui Mai (pork dumplings).

Always get here before at least 2pm as they close their dim sum menu at 3.  Great place for groups as very spacious setting with upstairs seating as well. 

Service varies a lot in terms of how well they attend to your basic needs like refilling tea pot and rounding around to your table.  Otherwise pretty solid dim sum restaurant!
typically i dine at either kingdom or new harmony before a show at the troc. while i love other spots like vietnam, and have been wanting to give banana leaf a try, i found myself at ocean city restaurant last week before seeing of montreal. can't say it has ever been on my radar, and what brought me in was not any rave reviews about the food; it was their tv.

OCR is one of 2 chinatown restaurants (that i know of) offering a tv for its patrons, and the sixers were playing game 2 vs the magic that nite....soooo, yeah. after waiting out a torrential downpour, we walked over in the rain, happy to be in from the cold and to see the large screen awaiting us. we sat down, poured some hot tea and asked if they could put the game on. after struggling to find it, the server handed the remote to my bf to take a look. UH-OH! turns out they have the dish (satellite), and the game was on CSN - go figure.

we were tempted to leave at that point, but the place was near empty and we're nice like that (not to mention we weren't ready to brave the rains again), so we stayed and settled for watching the ticker on espn. expectations for our meal were not high at this point, but we ended up happily surprised with our selections - wonton soup and sautéed chicken in garlic sauce for him, hot & sour soup and bean curd & string beans in a garlic sauce for me.

my soup was deliciously spicy but both of our entrées were not, tho they should have been according to the menu. i enjoyed the unexpected assortment of vegetables (bamboo shoots, baby corn, water chestnuts, leeks?) that accompanied my string beans. the tofu, however, was not tender, rather over-fried and chewy...but i still ate it. as an authentic chinese restaurant, OCR does not serve brown rice, so we had to settle for white. i didn't mind as the consistency was a perfect blend of sticky & fluffy.

drinks were SUPER CHEAP but we only opted for 1 glass of white wine each (a big pour at a whopping $3.75...i'm "sure" it's quality) as we wanted to leave as quickly as possible in order to go catch some of the game at the fieldhouse before the show. i was feeling a solid 2.5 for this place that nite and wasn't sure which way my review would swing, but the next day when i ate my non-greasy leftovers for lunch, i decided OCR was definitely worthy of the bump up.
YUM! So before I came here I looked up reviews and I was a bit skeptical based on some of them but decided to give it a shot anyways. When we arrived, the staff was super courteous as we were bouncing around from table to table since more people than we expected arrived with our party.

The service was prompt. I ordered the half duck for $16 and holy crap did I get a BANG for my buck. It was huge and delicious and came with all sorts of toppings and this scrumptious sticky bread (see photo). Everyone at my table wanted a bite, and then some! The other dishes I sampled were also pretty yummy as were the dumpling appetizers (we ordered every kind of dumpling they had). The only super gross dish was this bitter melon thing which I literally had to spit out and wash down with an entire glass of water but hey it wasn't what I ordered. 

Highly recommended!
I recently realized that I had committed a GIGANTIC Yelp sin.  I reviewed the wrong place.  My review for Ocean City ended up as a review for Ocean Harbor.  Realizing my mistake, I decided that I could no longer speak bad of Ocean Harbor and still feel like a decent human being.  So... here's the review that was originally posted under Ocean Harbor.  It has been edited to make sense to Ocean City. 


I went here with a friend because he said it wasn't bad.  I should learn that "isn't bad" is not good. 

I should have known, when we walked into an empty restaurant on  Thursday evening that the food  might not be what i was looking for (you know, good).  The pan fried dumplings were pasty and burnt all at the same time.  The sweet and sour sauce was gluey. And, for some reason, the sauce on my pan fried noodles tasted really sour (and gluey). It was not appetizing.  

Also, for those that care, they had some minor difficulty making a meal meat free (there was some back and forth questioning about sauces that never really got resolved).

The service, however, was good.  I can't really complain about that.  One thing they have going for them is that their lights sure are fun! The lights are fun to look at, but the rest of the decor is nothing special.  Normally I don't mind a plain restaurant, but, if that's the case, you need good food to distract you.  At Ocean City, I certainly wasn't distracted by the food (luckily the lights were almost enough to distract me from the food!).
It's a nice traditional dim sum restaurant in Chinatown. I like this place more than Ocean Harbor or Joy Tsin Lau (two comparable traditional dim sum places), because this place looks cleaner and the ambience is better. (Please don't mention Dim Sum Garden! That place is neither traditional nor authentic).

I give this place three stars because I lived in Guangzhou (Canton) for four years, which set my standard for dim sum. However, in my opinion, there is no more-than-three-star dim sum restaurant in Philly.
This was my favorite dim sum restaurant. All the staff members were nice and accommodating, food was great and restaurant was clean but I recently found out that this place is a rodent infested facility. 

On Chinese New Years the restaurant was closed for a few days claiming the were "observing the holiday". Come to find, it was really closed due to insufficient standards(mice infestation). 

The official food safety report by health inspector:
http://philadelphia.pa.gegov.com/_templates/551/RetailFood/_report_full.cfm?inspectionID=8374BABD-8180-EE38-2EAC7CB52E2F9243&domainID=551&userID=0. 

All restaurant reports are available at this site. Come on! this was my favorite restaurant. I came here 2-4 times a week.  I will never come here again....
came here for dim sum today for my 2nd time on a weekend~ it was pretty decent! i actually have nothing to complain about for my dining experience here.

compared to ocean harbour (the restaurant with the steps), ocean city doesn't offer as much in variety, but i feel that their food might be fresher~!  i actually prefer that over having an abundance to choose from.. because if the food isn't fresh, then it would almost be meaningless~ ALSO, i feel like we got better service here too~ the staff were so good at picking up our empty plates and filling up our tea~ A+! 

most of the things we got were yummy~ the only thing that was disappointing were the spring rolls :( b/c it had like nothing in it and it tasted bland! though, i did notice they carry 2 types of fried "spring" rolls. sooo maybe the other kind has some kinda meat in it and it's more delicious.. who knows.

overall, i would revisit! we came here early enough that we didn't have to wait.  even when we were leaving around noon, it didn't seem like the line was too long so that's always a plus.  but i definitely recommend coming on the weekend because generally they serve fresher food since the turnover is higher.
I'd like to think I'm a fair judge of restaurants since I've had a wide range of experiences. However, I've never been so insulted and rudely treated at any establishment... until I came to Ocean City Restaurant (please don't confuse this review with Ocean Harbor). If only 0 stars existed on Yelp...

I've been to Ocean City several years ago (in the 1990s) but haven't been back since they renovated and are now under new management. I brought my family here for dinner to celebrate Mother's Day. Thus began the worst dinner service I have ever had the misfortune of receiving:

1. After being seated in a corner table, we waited 15 minutes before I finally flagged a waiter down to take our order. 
2. We patiently twiddled our thumbs for 20 minutes before receiving our first dish (Peking style pork chops). We asked for bowls of rice (as it is a customary staple), and as I watched the waitress go in and out of the kitchen 9 times (yes, I counted) with food for other tables and stopping to chit chat with customers, I felt my anger internally rise. By the time we received our rice, we had already finished the first dish. The pork chops were alright, but I thought there was too much breading.
3. Trying not to get too upset, I flagged down the waitress and politely explained that we had been at the restaurant for more than 40 minutes and only had 20 minutes left on the parking meter, so we really needed our food to come out in a more timely manner. She either didn't understand the urgency or feigned listening and merely replied with a head nod. 
4. After another 10 minutes of not receiving any dishes, we were absolutely fed up and told the waitress that we'd pay for whatever dish they already starting preparing in the kitchen, but wanted to cancel the other orders. During the entire time my mom spoke to her, the waitress didn't bother to look her in the face. She pretended to be folding some sort of napkin at the next table, mumbled "okay okay" and walked away. HOW FUCKING RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL (pardon my French). They hurriedly sent out 2 other dishes, and we told them we weren't paying for the last one. 
5. At this point, my dad had to leave to fetch the car. The rest of my family decided it was only right to leave as well. So, after unsuccessfully flagging down a waiter, I went to the counter and told the manager (who made no eye contact with me) that I needed boxes for my food and to give me the check. 

The lack in service was so insufferable that this is the first time I actually didn't tip. Needless to say, we left with food that they probably spit in, no apology for their behavior, and just utter disgust and embarrassment that such a restaurant could exist.
Ocean city has been cited and shut down by the city's health department 3-4 times in summer 2016 and once or twice since January 2017. They'll do anything to stay open including blaming and bullying surrounding businesses for their rodent/pest problems. My brother worked dimsum here in 2016 for a week and wouldn't even eat the free meals they provided employees because of how filthy they are. Here's the article detailing their citations last year:   https://www.google.com/amp/www.philly.com/philly/health/special_reports/clean-plates/20160805_Severe_pest_infestations_close_New_Ocean_City_and_several_other_Philly_eateries.html%3Famphtml%3Dy
Chinese restaurants are notorious for their great food but often mediocre service.  This was no exception except they surpassed mediocre level and went straight for atrocious on all levels, especially with their customer service.  We were a family of 8 dining tonight for my dad's birthday. We placed our orders, everything was fine.  
They brought out a total of 4 dishes that were not meant for us before we even got our first course. We got bubble fish soup as our first course, they only brought out 7 bowls for our party of 8, we tried to flag someone down but then I said I would share with my husband, no big deal. 
We began getting our main entrees and it just went downhill.  We received several savory dishes with no rice to occupancy them, so everything seemed salty.  We asked for water, they literally bring out THREE glasses of water for a table of EIGHT PEOPLE.  Were we supposed to do a sip sip and pass routine?  We flag her down for more water and glasses since we downed our water, they still only bring out 4 more glasses - so again I just shared.  We never got refills on water the entire meal. 
We had to start stacking our dirty plates because no one was clearing out table, so plates and bowls kept piling up.  
Eggplant with garlic sauce - decent, had mixed veggies
Seafood bird's nest - pretty standard, tasted typical of every other place we've ordered this from.
Peking pressed duck - hard pass, we had to actually send it back, there was no meat in the dish at all, it was a plate of skin.  We watched them take our seafood fried rice to two other tables before they took it to the kitchen, then we had to tell our waitress that the rice was meant for us.  It became laughable at that point how bad the service was.  
Everything else we had wasn't even worth mentioning because it came out at such an odd pace.  They even forgot to bring our clam and XO sauce out.  This is when I snapped because I tried to get our waitress' attention to tell her just to take the clam and XO sauce off the bill since we had been there for quite a while and it didn't seem like it was going to come out.  In the middle of trying to tell her this, she just turns her back to me and walks away!  I snapped at that point and went to a man that looked like the manager, he managed to smile condescending to me and said sorry.  He ended up taking 10% off the bill, but they could offer to pay me to come back and I wouldn't set foot in that restaurant.  I do not think I've ever been this furious leaving a restaurant before, which is a shame because we were supposed to be there to celebrate my dad's birthday.  I now know not to stray away from my usual choices for chinatown eats.
If I have to go to dim sum, this is where I end up going. Don't get it confused with Ocean Harbor (they're super rude there... I get it, it's a Chinese place, but I don't usually leave wanting to punch people in the face). It's still hustling and busting and service isn't especially attentive but at least not downright offensive. The food is warm and generally pretty good. Definitely go out on a limb and try some new things when you're here. I particularly like chicken feet, pork buns, chive dumplings, and chinese donut wrapped in rice noodles. 

Enjoy!
This was my first time here based on my friends' recommendation that this is the best dim sum place in Philly. It doesn't disappoint. It is a large, clean restuarant. The prices are reasonable and can be cheap when you split the check with your friends. 

They have traditional dim sum dishes like shrimp shaumai and chicken feet. But it was interesting that their turnip cake had taro in the middle...I wasn't too fond of the taro because it made the turnip cake too dry...

I took a star off because the service was lacking. I don't know if it were because it was a busy Saturday afternoon but still...They never offered us water when we were seated. We actually got water when we finished our meal. Since we sat by the window in a corner, I felt like the servers neglected to come to our table so we literally had to stand up and walk to the carts to pick out our food.
More like 3.5 stars but I always round up :)

I have been here 4-5 times now. I love dim sum, because having grown up in Taiwan this is something we would do on a weekly basis as a family: Sundays= family days = dim sum days. Now I'm older, weekend dim sum meals serve the extra function of being effective hangover cures. 

But all joking aside, this is a solid spot. I used to go to a couple other places on Race Street but the perk of Ocean City is that it has ample seating and even though one should still expect to wait in line during lunch rush hours, the line here moves relatively quickly (don't be surprised if you show up in a smaller group you may end up sharing a table w/ strangers). 
 
You can find all the popular dim sum dishes on the carts plus a la carte entrees can be ordered separately if you wish. I'm giving here 3.5 stars because the food quality is sometimes inconsistent. For example today my shrimp dumplings ("har gows") were lukewarm and the shrimp was considerably over-cooked but other times perfectly prepared. I imagine mass producing these dishes makes maintaining consistency difficult but...I don't like over cooked shrimp :(

Service is pretty decent for an Asian restaurant (don't you love this qualifier) and pricing very reasonable. Looks like I'll continue to come back here to keep my weekend dim sum game strong!
Does anyone know if the owners of Ocean City recently changed (aka since the renovations)??? I have not been to Ocean City in about 5 years, but I came here twice for dim sum in December, and both times the dim sum was fantastic! The restaurant was pretty packed and we managed to get the last open table/no wait. Tea was piping hot. Carts rolled around pretty quickly. Best part - everything in the cart was HOT. Not cold, or room temperature, or lukewarm, but HOT. Our table was full of deliciousness in a matter of minutes! Har gow, siu mai, chicken feet, tofu skin, sticky rice, spare ribs, tripe, fried taro... you name it, I probably had it. and I THOROUGHLY enjoyed it. 

Ocean City, keep it up!!! :)
It's an average dim sum restaurant you find in Philadelphia. Average food and average service. A+ for being authentic and all but they really need to pick up their game. 

The service is a hit or miss. When it's super busy, the servers tend to skip over you. But when it's an average crowd, the service is decent. So always get here earlier then the morning and lunch rush. 

I'm not sure if the carts have trouble going around the restaurant but it took forever to get food. However when you do get the food there's no variety. Just your basic dim sum cuisine like ha gao, fried shrimp, congee, and meat dumplings. Nothing really stood out. I don't know why though because there's literally three dim sum restaurants just in a block radius from this place. You would expect them to have some special item because of the competition  but I guess it's not the case. 

So if you want a basic dim sum meal for a cheap price, you can come here.
I came here with my wife and daughter.  My daughter wanted dim sum and I always like going to places where they push the carts.   We got here around 1:15 and waited for less than 10 minutes.  The lady with the cart came right over and we went to town.  We ordered 8 small dishes, one medium dish and the salted, fried shrimp dish.  
Everything was really good.  All the food was fresh and was yummy.  Although the servers speak limited English, they know enough where you can communicate with them.
And the cost is a DEAL.
Overall, if you want good dim sum, you should check out this place.
Chrysanthemum tea with 3 cubes of sugar
a plate of soy sauce loaded with pepper and oil
3 orders of ha-gow
2 orders of tripe...
(a nice parking spot)

and I'm set to go. This is my idea of a typical Sunday breakfast :)

Service is prompt and the dimsum ladies are friendly. If you ask for something additional, i.e. water or a to-go box, you will definitely get it. The managers are nice and will even pull out the chair for the females (a pleasant surprise).
Worst expeience ever!  We got here early for their dimsum cause they are just really good.  They weren't ready to open yet but we were told to sit in and start ordering.  Then the nightmare begins.  We waited for 30mins for nothing and everyone who came in with us had already got their food.  SO i kindly ask the manager who let us in and she said she would check for us.  Then a worker came out and started screaming at us to be patient.  WTF?! And the whole hour and half we were there, she kept walking by and dropping nasty comments even after the manager stopped by and apologized for her mistake.  Then a dimsum cart wheeled by, so i ordered like i always do. .she accused me for ordering the wrong thing and made me take it.

I have been coming for over 3 years and my family and friends love their food.  I have never had an experience so bad that I have to write a review like this.  The food is still good but the service is horrible.  It's so bad it made my stomach turn.  I will never come back EVER again and I would tell my friends and family to do the same. 

The manager is so sweet though. Thru out the whole time, she kept apologizing and doing her job. The employees, not so much.
Was here last year (2011) and the dim sum was roughly okay (not great).  

Tried stuff like Har gow (steamed shrimp dumpling), Shumai (pork), Roast pork bun, Radish cake and in general, the dim sum was not cooked well.  Greasy but not in that tasty-indulgent way.  Radish cake wasn't fried properly (outside should be crispy).  Dim sum had been sitting around rather than served fresh -- to be fair, I was in a large group so maybe that was part of the problem.

Other dishes were not much better.  
Soup lacked flavour. 
Crispy fried chicken wasn't crispy.  
Lo mien (noodles) and fried rice were not good. 
The dishes that depend less on careful timing & execution are generally better, e.g., Braised tofu & vegetables was all right.   I suspect anything else slower-cooked would probably be better too.

I guess Ocean City is kind of edible, about 2 stars in Philly, given what I know of Chinese restaurant standards here.  But if you have ever had access to good Chinese food anywhere, I wouldn't bother with this place.  You'll be disappointed.
I've only been here for Dim Sum on the weekends. It's a typical dim sum restaurant with dim sum carts, unlimited tea refills and shot-y service. Philly has limited dim sum choices and this place is one of the better ones. When you sit down, they'll ask you what kind of tea you'd like. I like to get Red Tea because they say that helps with digestion,however, it is pretty boring. If you're looking for something different (read: floral), try the chrysanthemum tea that comes with rock sugar. After you order your tea just sit and wait for the ladies pushing carts around filled with dim sum goodness to come around and then point at what looks good. The dim sum variety has the usual suspects "har gau" (which look like white wontons but are shrimp and chestnuts wrapped in rice flour skin and steamed, "pai gou" (which are pork riblets in a soysauce/ black bean sauce), "siew mai" (ground pork, shrimp, mushrooms in a egg skin), "niu xiong" (ground pork with water chestnuts, scallions and wrapped in a rice flour and drizzled with sweet soy. there is a version of this with a Chinese cruller that is divine), "loua mee fan" (sticky rice with chinese sausages, ground pork wrapped in a lotus leaf and steamed) and "lo ba gong" which are turnip cakes mixed with chinese sausages and pan fried. Nom, nom, nom! 
Hopefully, you don't require other during your dim sum adventure because service here is lacking.  It gets pretty crowded, however, the wait time is never more than 30 mins (I suppose that is long). When you get in, find the guy in charge and tell him how many are in your party. He often walks around the restaurant so you'll have to be on the look out!
I had dim sum here today - the quality of the dishes wasn't bad, but considering it was around noon, their selection was horrendous! Apparently we must have caught them at a bad time, as the cart that kept coming around to us never had any interesting choices for us.

When we asked for chicken feet, that took awhile to come out.

The place wasn't ridiculously packed and the crowd thinned out when we left around 1. Unsure if the Susan Komen Race for the Cure had any impact (I suspect it must have, to some extent) on their offerings or the number of folks that walked in.

I'll have to try this place again to see it during a regular day.
Dimsum outings with friends in my opinion is one of the best things you can do. Ocean City did not disappoint with fresh food and service where the servers will actually bring you tea when the pot is open.   As a Chinese American, I truly appreciated the dimsum carts and the bustling noises of the crowd waiting to be served their favorite dimsum delicacy.  

We ordered it all.  Chicken feet, spare ribs with black beans sauce, Chinese broccoli, shumai, rice flour crepes with shrimp, clams, crispy shrimp, jelly fish, congee, buns, and so much more.  The only dish I would say wasn't up to par was the jelly fish. Just bland and no seasoning at all. I am used to jelly fish being served with some pickled daikon or some flavor.  Overpriced and not worth getting.  

If you want to come for a true dimsum experience, this is the place to come, but don't expect any frills.  This is a no frills dim sum restaurant.
Stay away. Bad business practices. Booked a wedding rehearsal dinner for 110 people over 4 months in advance. One week out, we were told that we weren't spending enough money and would have to pay extra for basic amenities (e.g. heat, table clothes, waiters). The staff and manager spoke derogatorily towards us in Cantonese thinking I didn't understand. Ruined our rehearsal dinner after putting down a significant deposit on an $8k tab. Stay away.
This place just isn't very good. I went yesterday with a friend who said she'd been multiple times and it was great, and she also promised me a plethora of non-seafood options.

There were really only a few tables of people when we arrived, but it seemed like there were 5 or 6 waitresses. Yet somehow there were very few actual dim sum options being presented. No custard tarts. No chestnut cake. Lots of things we expected were not available.

Then the service was kind of choppy and unpleasant, and the food just wasn't very tasty. The pork buns were an exception, but everything else felt stale and unflavorful.

But the worst was, inexplicably, the ENTIRE STAFF sat down to have lunch at the same time. They didn't stagger it so there would be at least ONE server available. They ALL SAT DOWN TO EAT at ONCE. So obnoxious.

Will never come back here.
Food (7.5/10) = Pretty much your standard dim sum selection (siu mai, har gow, braised chicken feet, steamed pork ribs with fermented black beans, braised beef tendons, fried tofu, radish cakes, taro, etc.).  The dim sum was good, but nothing impressive.  This is the third dim sum restaurant I've visited in Philly's chinatown (the other two are Joy Tsin Lau and Ocean Harbor), and in my opinion they are pretty much the same in terms of quality and variety of dim sum dishes served.    

Ambiance (7.5/10) = Pretty much the standard Chinese restaurant set up.  Of note, the guy that I'm assuming is the manager is quite entertaining to watch.  He never smiles.  Always yelling.  Runs the place like a tyrant, haha.

Service (7.5/10) = Standard for dim sum restaurant.  The carts come to your table at a decent frequency.  

Overall opinion = One of a few dim sum places in Chinatown.  Would I recommend this over the other one's Ive mentioned above?  Given the similarities, no.  Regardless, the dim sum is good, but it's not impressive as dim sum you may find in NYC or Toronto.
Don't get me wrong, I actually like the dim sum here.  My boss took us here once for company lunch and we all enjoyed it.  Wanted to go back with the fiance after that, but ended up at Ocean Harbor... thinking it was the same restaurant.  Anyway...

The two stars is for the lackluster service and terrible steamed dumplings.

Last weekend, I finally wanted to try the char siu bao for take-out as a snack, since it was highly recommended by fellow Yelper Hoang T.  As I walked in around 4pm, there was no one, but the staff, a bride, and her crew.  The Cantonese ladies were too busy mopping the floor to even ask me anything.  Yes, I know I came at the wrong time when dim sum was no longer available and there was wedding reception preparation going on, but still.  The owner/manager then told me that they stopped serving dim sum at 3pm and proceeded to tend to the bride.  Fine.  I looked at the menu for some small appetizers and asked one of the other unhelpful Cantonese ladies if they had any har gow from the appetizer menu.  She said they ran out.  Fine.  She suggested that I order the Pan-Fried Dumplings or the Steamed Dumplings, $6.95 for 6.  I didn't want to eat anything fried, so I opted for the Steamed Dumplings.

I paid the owner/manager and proceeded to stand as I didn't think it would take too long for some dumplings.  Right?  Wrong.  The owner told me to have a seat and will bring out the food when ready.  

I waited for what seemed to be 30-40 minutes for Steamed Dumplings.  At that point, I was thinking, 'you have got to be kidding me.'  I know they were busy, but how come no one declined my order when they were so occupied cooking and setting up for the wedding reception?  They somehow still LET me order and had me wait forever.  Like, come on.  As I was about to cancel the order, the owner/manager walked out with my dumplings.

Was furious, but still hoped to eat something decent.  Not sure what they gave me, but the dumplings don't seem like the typical steamed dumplings that I eat.  They had a thicker unappetizing wrapper, were super cold, and just did not taste good.  The vinegar-y sauce that accompanied it was meh.

So I guess they thought it was a good idea to just leave the take-out sitting there for a good 30 minutes as I waited.  I'm really upset, but I know I went in at the wrong time.  Or at least I'm hoping that's the case.  I will be back with the fiance for the dim sum, but most likely with a mean face.
2011 reviews are the only ones you should be reading! :)
I've tried a couple of different dim sum places in Philly. This one is by far my favorite.
Hidden at the end of Chinatown, by the highway, you will find Five Star Ocean City Seafood Restaurant. Everything was extremely fresh tasting and the service was great. I also was able to order two portions of my favorite egg custard tarts.
My boyfriend loved everything I ordered as well.
We will be back soon!
2011 reviews are the only ones you should be reading! :)
Health violations galore!  Forget this joint.  Live roaches infest the kitchen.  Dead ones all around.  Go elsewhere!
Dim sum, dim sum, diiiiiiiim suuuuuum!!  If you like dim sum, you might like this place.  They have all the essentials,and according to my Vietnamese father-in-law, the best chicken feet ever.  Judging by the amount of chinese that frequent this restaurant, I assume it is authentic, but I could be wrong.  Nevertheless, I have been here several times and will continue to go because I enjoy the food.  I would tell you the best stuff to get, but I have no idea what the names are, lol.  One of my faves is the fat white noodle wrapped around the fried dough.  Get it!  

Enjoy!
Ewww they didn't de-shell the shrimp in my ha gao all the way. That was a problem. Plus, I think I got sick from this place. [Update: yes, I got sick. And it sucks]

Quality of dim sum is average, maybe a little better than other chinatown spots I've been to. In terms of service, I'm used to how stereotypical dim sum places work, but Ocean City was a little lacking. When I (and later, another dude) walked in, there was no place to be greeted. We had to walk in to the restaurant and find a manager to be seated. Granted, the manager was very nice, but the seating process was a little strange. At first, the loud cantonese chatter and ladies with pushcarts made me nostalgic for the authentic dim sum places I frequented in the Bay Area. But after having been served I realized that I had to be wary of a stray crunchy dumpling. Ocean city, PLEASE de-shell your shrimp better. That shit is nasty.

Yeah, I wouldn't come here again.
Okay. So my colleagues told me about this place, I told them the only place I ate in Philly with Dim Sum carts is Joy Tsin Lao, they said that place is crap. I was shocked.. So the next week they organized a lunch trip to Ocean City.. we came early because they said that it can get pack.. We got seated right away and they went to grab most of the selections (2 orders each).. As soon as I tried the shumai both pork and shrimp.. I told them.. you guys are right... They were flavorful and has the exact ingredients and consistency that I like... I ate 4 shrimp and 4 pork shumai.. then I tried the pork buns.. they were okay.. nothing special.. then comes the sticky rice and I paired it with the ribs... WOW!!! IT was awesome! Make sure to put some hot chili oil! I ate whatever is on the table and it was really good! Now comes the dessert... The sesame ball (buchi in Tagalog) was the best buchi I've ever had!!!! I ate 4 pieces!!! It's that good! And the sponge cake they gave us ? Wow!!!
"Great dim sum here!" -My review from when i first started yelp.

That is still all i need to say about it. 

but for those who doubt:

The dim sum here is the best and cleanest in Chinatown in my opinion. 
Every time i go I'm seated quickly and promptly. The service is excellent as always the lady's call me handsome. 
The tables and bathroom are clean and new.

What else is needed?!
The dim sum wad okay , I think the manager should watch over the woman who worked at the cash registers . She has no smile to the customer and super rude .
Best dim sum in Philadelphia, hands down.  I have frequented all of the dim sum places in Philadelphia, multiple times, and Ocean City is consistently delicious and fresh.  The oven baked roast pork buns are the best I have had in the United States.  Seriously.  Sweet on the outside, savory on the inside with just the right onion crunch and delicious roast pork.  The steamed roast pork buns are delicious too.  Just get here early (before 12:30pm) to get your hands on these baked roast pork buns.  Other dim sum go to's I like: shu mai, stir fried sticky rice with chinese sausage, pork bean curd roll, sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf and the sweet and salty fried dumpling.

On a side note, I also highly recommend this restaurant for dinner.  There aren't many customers there, but the portions are huge and it is very delicious.  Because the restaurant is cleaner and less packed than most of the places in Chinatown, I prefer to go to Ocean City for dinner.  Great for large parties.
This is a great place to get a quick Dim Sum fix.

Try the shrimp dumplings, the beef shortribs, greens and salt & pepper shrimp. Order anything from the kitchen you do not see on the carts.

The space is large which means not much of a wait (besides weekend peak hours) and the food is fresh due to the high turnover.
This spot is good for dim sum.  Although it's busy with lots of people getting dim sum, they have the upstairs open which is normally held for a wedding reception.  

We got seated upstairs and it was pretty busy.  Service was ok.  The food was good and had some wait, but that was expected given the amount of people.  

Food -  I normally get shrimp rolls - that was on par with other dim sum places (not enough soy sauce for me).  The rest of the food is good.  I give this three stars because some of the options upstairs weren't available downstairs.
Food was ok, but service is terrible. The server acted like we were the biggest inconvenience on the planet. She put an item on our bill that we didn't receive. I never received a coke that I ordered. Getting water was a job, and getting a refill of it was impossible. Vanished after taking our order and we basically never saw her again. I should add, when we left there was literally one other table occupied in the entire place, so they weren't swamped.
We came here for dim sum on Thanksgiving, and overall, it was very mediocre at best:
1. har gow: these were tiny with a paltry filling of maybe 1.5-2 shrimp each that was lightly greasy
2. fried radish cake: um. where was the radish?
3. clams in black bean sauce: decent but a bit salty
4. steamed shrimp rice rolls: pretty standard but there could definitely have been more shrimp
5. sauteed beef tendon with radishes: this was actually pretty good and definitely one of the better dishes
6. curried squid: very very tough
7. steamed mixed fillings dumpling: the filling was just a hodge podge of everything, which I didn't really like
8. steamed fish ball: I did like this a lot.  It was nicely seasoned and didn't have any flour filling
9. shu mai: I didn't actually have one but this is typically a family favorite.  On this occasion, no one rushed to finish the last one...and we only ordered one serving.
10. fried taro cake: This was very doughy but still edible.
11. steamed shrimp shu mai: Very solid although it is very difficult to mess up steamed, chopped shrimp in a wonton wrapper.
12. steamed fried tofu block with shrimp: Just okay, as the tofu itself had an extremely tough exterior.

Overall, nothing to rave about, and the dim sum carts were very slow in making the rounds.  We waited well over 20 min for one of them to come by, for the first time.
It's not bad, however the coach roach that came out of hiding when we reached for the soy sauce kinda ruined things. Mixed results on some of the dishes. They have a decent selection. We had to wait for about 20 minutes during Saturday lunch hour which is typical.
Been here a few times. I think this place was alright. It is definitely authentic, where they still push the carts around. Definitely able to get the dishes you can get in Hong Kong (my parents are HKers, I lived in HK for 2 years). Nowadays, HK dim sum has become so fancy. This restaurant is not that kind of place. This kind of dim sum takes you to the classic shrimp dumpling, siu mai, spareribs, sticky rice, turnip cake, etc. They also have classic native HK dim sum dishes like chinese donut wrapper in rice sheets, various congee, and bean curd chicken/mushroom wraps (dunno what they are called in english).  While you can get all of these dishes, I think they lack in quality. It's missing the freshness that you would get as compared to another place. The rice sheets are too thick and the shrimp dumpling has too thick of skin. Some of the fried items are not as fresh when I get them, and sometimes tastes like they were fried twice after not being sold the day before (or earlier that day). 

I speak to the workers in Cantonese, but the service has not been bad when I've gone. Always been able to sit down pretty quickly. They accept credit card there, but I think they charge a fee for it (which I never know about). Overall, the price of it was not too bad. It may be a little bit more costly, but for the variety that me and a friend had, it was only $15/person. 

I will check out other places and will continue to update the ranking of this dim sum place compared to the others in Philly.
The food here was good, the service was average, and the location isn't bad. The food was a little salty for my liking. The dim sum was good and they had a lot of options. 

I went here with my parents when they were visiting me and we were seated right away around lunch time. I wish the waitress was a little more attentive, but then again, I am in Chinatown. We got a couple of dim sum items and ordered the seafood pan friend noodle, which was yummy! 

I would definitely be back.
This place had a nice dim sum. Everything tased very fresh, and the service was obviously very prompt. We went with a party of 11 and made a reservation they were easily able to accommodate. There's parking directly across from the restaurant on 9th st. After stuffing ourselves with dumplings, rice and more dumplings, it only turned out to be $10 a person, not including tip.
We came here to attend a wedding banquet on the second floor, and I was pretty impressed with the food and service, given the number of tables (about 20 with 8 guests per table) and dishes (12 courses, including the dessert fruit course).  Some of the highlights:

1. cold appetizer plate with jellyfish, roast pork, ham, and pickled shredded daikon: Not bad although the roast pork was a lot fattier than I would have preferred; the skin was flavorful and crispy, though.
2. seafood and choi sum in a fried "bird's nest": the squid, shrimp, scallops, and urchin were huge, fresh, and very flavorful, and the greens were tender.  The nest itself was fried perfectly and crispy without being overly greasy.  
3. shrimp with walnuts and steamed broccoli in a cream sauce: Pretty much on par with what you would find at any other restaurant in Chinatown although they definitely could have included more walnuts.
4. fish maw with lobster soup: very flavorful and not overly salty with plenty of lobster pieces.
5. peking duck: It's not as fantastic as Sangkee's but the duck meat was tender and the skin crispy and flavorful; it was a bit on the greasy side, though.
6. steamed sea bass in a sesame soy base: This dish itself doesn't require too much skill and depends mainly on the quality of the fish, which, in this case, was superb; the meat was tender and silky and complemented well by the sesame soy blend.
7. twin ginger and scallion lobsters: The lobsters were very flavorful and they didn't even use a lot of oil and breading, which is very rare these days.  The seasoning reached every portion of lobster meat so that there wasn't really a piece that tasted simply fried and oily.  Really liked this take on a rather ubiquitous dish.
8. sautéed abalone slices with shrimp-stuffed sea cucumber, bok choy, and shitake mushrooms: I really loved this dish.  The abalone was fresh and tender, and the sea cucumber was light and took on the flavor of the reduction; the minced shrimp stuffing gave it an additional flavor boost.  The greens were tender, as were the shitake.  
9. fried shrimp stuffed crab claw: This is one of my favorite dim sum dishes, and the version here was decent although it wasn't quite  on par with Joy Tsin Lau's.   There was definitely more minced shrimp than crab and the fried shell didn't have the additional crispy rice flakes, which, believe it or not, really add that special something.  Not bad, though.
10. sautéed soft noodles with lump crabmeat and shitake mushrooms: The noodles were a bit dry and there really wasn't a lot of crabmeat or shitake mushrooms; I did appreciate that it was flavorful with very little oil, which made it a nice ending course to the meal.
11. shrimp fried rice: Pretty greasy but it did contain plenty of egg shreds, which I love.  
12. fruit course: More than the usual navel oranges with sliced honeydew, grapes, and watermelon.

Service was fantastic and our dishes were served one after the next.  Our waitresses were also kind enough to bring us takeout containers without being prompted, which was great since there was definitely enough food to feed a few armies.  Overall, the meal was veryb good and nicely executed.  Portions were also very generous and the room was decorated perfectly with seat covers, balloons, photographs, and centerpieces.
I came here on a Sunday with a few friends for Dim Sum. We were seated immediately. The place was a lot larger than I expected. It was spacious and we got a large table for 4 people. 

The food was great. The skin on the shrimp rolls had a smooth texture, the shrimp dumplings were made of 2 shrimp rather than chopped up shrimp with miscellaneous ingredients and the fried taro dump was hot crunchy and had that rich taro flavor. The only thing I didn't like was the Meat roll wrapped in beancurd skin. It seems more like a bunch of leftover veggies wrapped inside. Prices were fairly standard. 2.95 for a medium and 3.95 for a large. 

Service was pretty good. The best part was that when we were finished eating, we were able to sit and talk for a while without anyone rushing us out!
As a native New Yorker, I will never find the "perfect" dim sum spot in Philly. But this place is my favorite in town and a Sunday regular with the family. It is the most spacious, freshest food, and they even gave is the wifi password to my Ipad wielding toddler (anything to get her to sit through a meal, am I right?).

If you go, try the chicken feet, tripe, and beef tendon. You can save the spring rolls and dumplings for your next neighborhood take-out order.

Bonus points: My mother (from Guangzhou) and I agree that their blood cake has the smoothest consistency - even more delicious than any that we can find in NYC!
Note:  I'm reviewing this restaurant based on the Philadelphia Chinatown Development Corporation's (PCDC) Year of the Ox New Year Banquet.  

The evening started off great with a performance by the Philadelphia Suns Asian Club, who graced us with a traditional Lion Dance and drum music.  Then the 400 guests in attendance were treated to a wonderful feast that lasted nearly 3 hours.  We were served some amazing dishes:

- Dim Sum Platter
- West Lake Beef Soup
- Jumbo Shrimp with Glazed Walnuts
- Beef with Broccoli
- Lobster with Ginger and Scallions
- Braised Bean Curd with Vegetable and Mushrooms
- Crispy Golden Chicken
- Long Life Noodles
- Fried Rice 
- Fresh Fruit

It was all really good and the amount of food was astounding!  The speeches by John Chin (Executive Director PCDC) and other PCDC board members were very good as well.  It was such a warm and friendly environment.  It was also great to hear about the wonderful achievements of PCDC.  

Overall, I enjoyed the upstairs banquet hall and I'd go back to Ocean City for dim sum and steamed buns!
Came here around 1pm, there were no carts walking anymore so we ordered from a girl who said she'll bring out the food for us later. Terrible service and rude ladies. We asked them what type of meat was in this one dish, since one of friends were allergic to something and they repeated the dishes' name and gave us a dirty look. Our shrimp sui mai was sweet, which is really weird. I'm not sure if the food had gone bad or the flavoring was bad. Also, one of tea cups had a hair inside, so check your tea cups. had a terrible experience!
Food is ok if you can get it.  Went there when they weren't terribly busy, was seated on the second floor.  Their system was flawed in that all of the tables near the kitchen got all of the food.  When it got to our side, it was slim pickin's and cold.  Four of us only managed 4 dishes while their over 45+ minutes.  

Want to like this place but don't think I'll be back. 

Again, food was ok but it was cold - almost seemed like it was leftovers from the day before.
I've had my fair share of dim sum both here in the states as well as back in the motherland. 
The selection that they have is a bit underwhelming and there is just something with the food that doesn't sit right with me. Perhaps I am just not a meat lover or we just picked the wrong dishes but the food wasn't particularly outstanding to me. 
Overall I guess I'd come here again if my family wanted to but I wouldn't go here on my own volition.
Has-been... that's what this place is for dimsum anyways.

I went today and was extremely, sorely, utterly disappointed.  Nothing tasted all that fresh, the textures were way off (soft and mushy hargow?  yuck - me thinks not!) and what the heck is up with the fancy chandeliers and wall papering?  This place used to be way better when it looked more ghetto (bring back the pink walls and the good dimsum chef!).

I had the worst craving for dimsum today and did the 50 minute drive from Plainsboro to Philly just to satisfy it.  I'm still not satisfied.  Avoid this place for dimsum!!!!
My family has always come here for dinner and this was the first time that I had dim sum here. Got seated right by the doors and had to deal with freezing wind as guests entered and exited the restaurant. Servers spoke English and were quick. Took a while to get water when we were first seated. But afterwards, when the carts came around, we were taken care of. 

The variety was great! I've tried 2 other dimsum places and this was my favorite one.
Best Dim Sum in Philadelphia - easy.  I've been here over 50 times.  Chances are you will only find this place if you know someone who is asian - or better yet chinese and speaks cantonese.  I love their shrimp roll - shrimp rolled in a soft, noodle shell, drench in a savory, delicious soy based sauce.  Also pork bun - chinese bbq'ed pork pitted deep inside, a warm, dense, moist bread bun.
Completely disappointing. I haven't been here in years, but I thought I remembered the dim sum being decent. Maybe the best chefs weren't working that night, or they just don't do as well with regular entrees, or the place just fell apart. Whatever the case, we all walked out completely dissatisfied.

There was too much oil/butter on the Chinese broccoli. The jumbo shrimp and scallop dish was more water chestnut and bamboo than anything else, and the pork chop was just gross. It was chopped up indiscriminately, with all the pieces being chicken fried individually. I think more than half of the pieces were bones and/or gristle, but you couldn't tell without biting into the piece.

I hate to pull out the 1 star review, but it just can't be helped. Hopefully they can turn it around.
My favorite place for dim Sam, the best sticky rice in banana leaf! Nice and bright place compare with other Chinese restaurants. Service fast, but come early so wouldn't wait for table.
Came here for dim sum. Some dishes are good but some are bad. The shrimp dumplings are not very fresh. The stuffed tofu need more taste. Lotus leave wrap sticky rice is good.
Let's face it, dim sum in Philly is just EH ok, so I just look for the cleanliness of the restaurant which is close to impossible too most of the time. Ocean City was never dirty, at least I haven't seen a cockroach crawling around. Now it's EVEN CLEANER!!!!

They've renovated and gotten a new dim sum chef. The place is clean, open, and the dim sum is tasty. OF course some dishes still have msg, but it's as bad as other places in Chinatown.
The shrimp dumplings here are cleaner too, they actually de-vein their shrimps.
Functional dim sum. That's right. I gave two consecutive "functional" ratings. Wanna fight about it? (a la Family Guy)

I've never been to the previous iteration of this restaurant (I recommend Dave H's review), but on today's visit, I thought the dim sum was only ok. 

- har gow: the shrimp was somewhat mushy. 
- Shiu mai: always a hit or miss proposition. A bit too much gristle in this one. 
- jellyfish cold appetizer: perfectly springy, with a right amount of pickled radish. 
- seafood chow mein, "two sides golden": they did not pan fry the noodles enough, and put too much sauce.  This led to a soggy experience. At least they had real seafood, rather than surimi. 

Overall, Nothing to write home about.
As foodie and Cantonese, I HIGHLY  DON'T recommend this place. We went in Ocean City this afternoon around 2:30pm. The restaurant was almost empty. Only 3 tables were occupied by customers. Therefore, we thought we'd have relatively quick late lunch. We're wrong, completely wrong. The food was the best mediocre. And the service speed and attitude were just horrendous, absolutely horrendous. I'm born and raised in Asia and I'm Asian. This was definitely one of the worst dinning experience if not THE worst experience I've ever had. She tossed the menu on our table and walked away without saying anything which was fine. I didn't expect friendly service in Asian restaurants in general. After 20 mins, she finally took our order. Then we never saw her again. No water, no tea... We eventually gave up.
Friendly staffs, fresh and hot dim sum, chicken feet the best on east coast, and on top of all these is the reasonable price.  This is the only place I go for dim sum around here.  Also they have the tastiest chicken feet, 牛腸 and other 腸粉 the best.
Our second attempt at a dim sum lunch in Philly led us here today. 

We ordered a total of 13 plates (for the 2 of us), and we took a fair amount home because of how much food there was. 

some of the highlights:

-xia chang fen (shrimp in rice noodle wrap) - this was really pretty good. there were only 2 shrimp per piece, but the rice noodle wraps were chewy and good and the sweet soy sauce that accompanies this dish was perfect. this was one of the best things we had today.

-sticky rice in lotus leaves - this was also very good. I liked also what the had inside (which included taiwanese sausage). very sticky, very flavorful, very good.

-their xian shui jiao (deep fried salty dumpling) and deep fried taro dumpling were monstrously large and very oily. a little too much for me.

-I think we were a little thrown off with how BIG some of these items were - much less "refined" than what I was expecting, and in my opinion, the size of some of these dishes detracts from the whole idea of ordering TONS of different little dishes (less is more) to sample more different tastes.

I think some dishes were better here than joy twin lao (namely the xia chang fen & sticky rice), and others better there (xian shui jiao, cha su bao), but given that you might likely leave joy tsin lao's, with a little more cash left in your pocket, I think I'd have to give it to joy twin lao's for the advantage.

however, my trek is not done yet - still have to try dim sum garden and ocean harbor before deciding where the best dim sum in philly is.
Had a great experience. Excellent dim sum.

Got there just as the restaurant opened at 10:00AM on a Saturday, so we were seated immediately. By 10:45AM, the restaurant was pretty full (so getting there a bit early is a good idea).

I thought the dim sum was as good as any I have had in California or in New York. One tip for the early arrivers, pace yourself, because the dish variety picked up about 30 minutes after opening. Everything we got was good.

The service was pretty good for dim sum, and they came frequently. I think a key was our table. It was close to the kitchen, the waiters passed our table twice, going up one side and down the other. They understood our mix of Chinese and English, and ordering was no problem.

Would definitely go back again.
The dimsum here is often fresher than most places, if only because two or three carts wander the single floor of the restaurant.  There's not as much selection, but generally everything I've had here is hot and fresh out of the kitchen, and if you have a request off the menu, it generally comes out quickly if you're there before 1p.

Regular food here isn't bad, either, but there's nothing that stood out when we ordered dishes varying from the walnut shrimp to the sauteed watercress.  Parking for the lot across the street isn't validated, but it is a decent-sized lot.
I came here yesterday with a whole bunch of relatives for their dim sums. Being a typical Sunday afternoon, the restaurant was very packed. We had to stand in line for 15 minutes before being seated. The atmosphere was very hectic and crowded. I stepped out to take a phone call and during the time that I was gone, someone swiped my chair!! The food was just okay. The shrimp dumplings and the sui mai tasted the same as any other restaurant. My friend recommended me the fried rice, which to my surprise, contains little chunks of undissolved salt. Needless to say, this is one of the restaurants that I would only be returning to if I am either desperate, starving, or being forced to.
Best dim sum place in Philadelphia. I've been to the three other majors ones in the area- Ocean Harbor, Joy Tsin Lau, and Dim Sum Garden and Ocean City is ***significantly better! The tables were full around 1pm so we had to wait 10 minutes or so and shared a table with another small party.

The food carts rolled by as soon as we sat down, even though we were placed all the way in the corner. They didn't run out of anything we wanted, unlike other places I've been to. They also had Ma La Gao which was so spongy, so fluffy and so perfectly lightly sweet--it really made my day. The porridge was also very flavorful and had plenty of ancient egg and meat in it--not just a bowl of watery rice.  We were there for an hour and the food came out at a reasonable pace, sometimes a little slow. 7 trays of food came out to be around $22. 

The tea was pipping hot and the dim sum was not too greasy so I could actually eat more without feeling sick. I'd definitely bring my friends here if we ever want dim sum in Philadelphia. It's worth the trek north of Race Street!
I don't live in Philly (Or NY/SF) or any place with a real China Town.  I live in DC where China Town = Chipotle sign written in Chinese Letters in a small corner of their sign.  I don't get to do push cart Dim Sum often, so when I do it is a treat.  Ocean City was just that.  Nothing fancy, and nothing that would instantly appeal to an unadventurous diner, but an absolutely huge variety of delicious little morsels.  For this meal I stuck more to the steamed than the fried, and it was still delicious (Maybe its because for some reason all of the fried Dim Sum i have ever had seems to taste the same).  I can't wait to go back to Philly to let my stomach decide between here and Silk City for my hangover cure... wait, who am I kidding.  I'll just do both.
Don't even bother if you're Non-Asian. We are experienced Chinese restaurant eaters, we know what we're ordering, but the waitress would not let us order certain items on the menu, like ox tripe, and tried to force sweet and sour pork and Gen tso chicken on us. We wasted a big chunk of change on NOT WHAT WE WANTED. They shouldn't even offer a menu in English. I'm really pissed.
I've been to Chinatown many times but missed out this spot. The restaurant located at a corner of Chinatown, near Franklin square, and less crowded. 1st floor is for dim sum restaurant that I haven't tried it yet. 2nd floor is for private events and it's where i attended a traditional Chinese wedding banquet. The room is good for a small size wedding. Tables and chairs were set up so close to each other. 

There were 11 Chinese courses with nice presentation. Crabmeat soup, Walnut shrimp were tasty. Lobster and crab with ginger and scallions was good but kind of oily for my taste. Fried rice and stir-fried noodle was average. Last but not least, Sautéed fillet flounder on top of crispy fin was winner of the night in my opinion. I can't say deep fried foods are healthy but the crispy fin got people's attention and was gone quickly while it's still hot ! 

11 courses were a lot of food to handle in one night. However it's a tradition and people do it for a reason. Each course represents meaning of good life for a newly wed couple and balance with Ying and Yang  :)
Bad management and service. Here for dim sum and carts are serving from the kitchen and then to the front. By the time it gets to the front, there isn't anymore food. Ordered a noodle dish and we waited for 20 minutes. After the 21st minute we asked the "manager" what's going on while he's joking with a co-worker and he looked at our bill and he just laughs and runs off to the kitchen. Doesn't say a damn apology or anything. I know Chinese restaurants don't have the best service but this day f'n sucks. Never coming back here for dim sum again.
Having tried most of the offerings in Chinatown for dim sum, Ocean City Seafood is our go to restaurant.  The service is good, as well as the dim sum.  

The variety varies depending on the time we go; get there too early and some of our favorites are not available yet.  Get there too late and you have to wait for a table.  

They do offer the basics: steamed and baked roast pork buns, shui mai, har gow, steamed spareribs and desserts, as well as traditional items like chickens feet, tripe, porridge and other steamed and baked items.

While it is located away from the other restaurants, it is worth the extra walk!
Don't chase me down for a tip when we had to chase you down for the food they sat my parents and I in the corner and very few carts even came back to us my dad had to go looking for them I've been to many other dim sum places and will certainly not be returning to this one worst service I've ever had in my life felt like we were robbed please don't waste your time or money
I was actually impressed seeing as the reviews were not all that great. Upon walking in, we were directed to the second level dining room because the main dining room was close to full. But the second level dining room was not as clean. The floors were sticky and there was an awkward folding table set up by the door with a calculator and credit card machine to pay the bill. Really just kinda weird.

We were seated and immediately serviced by 3 surrounding dim sum carts which was perfect timing since we were starving and fortunately we arrived right before the rush. The dim sum was good, better than a lot of dim sum I have had in my day but definitely not the best. 

We ordered a lot of dim sum dishes, the only thing I didn't like was the eggplant. It wasn't prepared very well and had an odd taste. I couldn't finish my piece. Otherwise everything was pretty good. (Ha Gow, Shu Mai, watercress dumplings, beef balls, chicken feet, tripe, radish cakes, fried shrimp balls, pan fried chive dumplings, etc.)

The staff were helpful and pretty friendly.

Service was quick and good.

Restaurant isn't the cleanest. Floors are super sticky and the dishes needed to be cleaned again.

Prices were standard.
My boyfriend loves this place and he always wants to eat dim sum here. However, I HATE IT HERE. This restaurant ruins dim sum for me every time. I'm not Chinese so dim sum is seriously out of my comfort zone. There are only 2 things that I will eat here every time, the white beef noodle and the taro cakes. But every time I go here everyone is so freaking rude. I understand it's a Chinese restaurant and I don't expect a high level of service or politeness, but seriously, just because I can't speak Chinese doesn't give you the right to ignore me and act rudely. One time I came here it was ridiculously busy, so I had to wait in the foyer in order to be put on a list to be seated. The man blatantly ignored me and wrote down all of the Chinese speaking customers first. WHAT THE HELL DUDE. I AM STANDING RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU WITH MY HAND IN THE AIR. I may only be 5'2" but I KNOW YOU CAN SEE ME. It was only when my boyfriend who is 6' yelled out that we were here before most of the people that the guy begrudgingly wrote our name down. And after that, we had to share a table with another couple!!!!!!!!!! I hate this place with every being in my body, but I have to come back from time to time since this is the only dim sum place my boyfriend will go to. UGH.
We drive for an hour to go have Dim Sum here because it is such a special treat! All the food is prepared with such care! Def give it a try.
I've tried a fair number of dim sum places living in Manhattan and visiting my family in PA, but this one is one of the best. Although a little more greasy on some plates, the food was tasty and even my little sister who's notorious for not eating much at dim sum restaurants ate more than her usual share. We arrived around 10:30am on a Sunday and was seated immediately. The service was quick in all aspects, from water to clearing plates to getting more dim sum. Our family norm in Philly is Joy Tsin Lau but I'm definitely going to push for this place from now on.
Went here at noon on a Sunday. Was seated upstairs. They barely had anyone pushing carts upstairs as opposed to downstairs. They got our tea order wrong twice, and it was pilfered with leaves. The dim sum we had was flavorless and the waitstaff was very lazy and didn't feel like working that day lol... We would have to ask them to come over and clean up our empty dim sum containers
The attitude of a waitress was honestly terrible. Worst than any restaurant in Chinatown I have ever been to.
my past experiences with this dim sum place have been relatively positive and i am disappointed to say that my most recent experience was very poor. the service was mediocre at best. we felt neglected and had to wait around 20 min for our orders to arrive. food quality was not as great as other dim sum places and many of the popular dishes were unavailable. waiters were also rude and loud and failed to show they cared about their customers. definitely will not be returning in a long long time, if ever.
I went to Ocean City to celebrate thanksgiving with my family. Everything was fine at the beginning. However, when I was having my second cup of tea, I found one cockroach which was dead in my tea and after few mins, I found another cockroach which was alive running on the table. That's was too horrible. I would never go there anymore.
It was my first dim sum brunch in Philly. The food was okay and the waiters were super busy at the time. Comparing to other dim sum restaurants in Philly, I would not recommend this one. There are better and cheaper ones in Chinatown. I have only been there once and never went back after I had other options on the hand.
If I have the choice, generally I do.. I am opting with this place. Please consider I have yet to try Joy Tsin Lau but I have been to Ocean Harbor, and other popular Dim Sum places including Jing Fong in NYC so I would consider my assessment fair. I am not a dim sum expert, but I would safely say that I love it. And, I love it here. Unlike Ocean Harbor, they actually have Shrimp Shumai which I think is amazing. I'm generally a shrimp guy for dim sum, chicken feet, and fried dough. The fried dough here is off the hook. I like this place a lot and I don't have to wait as long to eat.
So I came here for a 6ABC event that honored Asian American "SheroS" (Lady Heros!) It was a beautiful event and they served about 9 courses one of them.being Honey Walnut Shrimp. My table was super full about 10.people and by the time the family style plate got to me there was one shrimp and minimal.broccoli. It was so delicious I knew I would be back to order the Honey Walnut Shrimp. Big Mistake! the dish was super expensive $22.00 to be exact and it was gross. FIrst things first on the way home I kept smelling something like poop but I couldn't put my finger on it. I thought it was the broccoli nope it was the shrimp. I couldn't eat it but my friend tried a few bites and woke up sick. The broccoli was really fresh but the sauce for the shrimp (which they didn't mix btw) tasted like straight mayonnaise. Overall it was one of the worst takeout experiences ever. Who serves bad shrimp?
When you come to Chinatown, you have to readjust your expectations in terms of service. The more authentic the restaurant, the more lousy the service will be. This is just a given, and no Yelp reviews will change this. To be honest, I doubt owners and managers frequent Yelp at all.

I came here with a large group on a weekday, and we were seated almost immediately without reservations, even though the dining room was pretty busy. Hot tea was promptly thrown down on our table, and the first carts were quick to arrive. (I think you have to request water if you want it, as water is not always a given at Chinese restaurants. Tea, yes. Water, maybe not.) I would say that every dim sum dish I've had growing up as an American-born Chinese kid was done really well here. The only ding against them would be that the carts that don't involve steamed food can get cold quickly, so for example their fried taro and pan-fried daikon pancake dishes were not optimal until we re-ordered those fresh. Everything else was spot-on in terms of flavors. It edges out Ocean Harbor by a small margin.
Sometimes you really crave good Hong Kong cooking...pristine seafood, outrageously tender beef, squishy sea slugs...well maybe put a hold on the slugs...but especially here in Philly, the good restaurants are the rice shoppes, not the kind of place I would take my mom out for mothers' day.  And so, there we were, finally deciding on Ocean City, mostly on the weight of its former glory, they had real table cloths and napkins and because it was close to where I parked.  So clear now, so confused then.

so on the eve of mother's day, on a Saturday night, we were one of maybe five tables in the downstairs dining area (there was a teen birthday party in one of the private rooms...we heard their "games").  Not a good sign.  The service was spotty:  we had to flag the head waiter but they couldn't decide who would take our order.  But the one who did take it was patient, especially with my mom who was having trouble ordering.  From then on they kept the water glasses filled, but the food came out unusually slow, evidence of a reduced staff in the kitchen?

the food has degenerated over the years to what we used to call "tourist" food, .  The Beijing Pork Chops were sauced decently, but the amount of gristle on the meat was horrifying.  The seafood - tofu hot pot lacked the homey comfort that it usually has in more able hands.  The sauteed Chinese broccoli was crisp, but a little tough.  

All things run its course.  I hope Ocean City finds another one to run and gets back on top again.
Came here for co-workers wedding ceremony and reception.

There is a public parking lot across the street.

The party was upstairs. The bathroom is at the back and near the kitchen. That area smelled like a turtle aquarium before someone threw up later. The bathroom itself is disaster bleach can't solve.

The food quality was not very fresh. The banquet family style was new to my non-asian co-workers. They were amazed that the chicken head was served. I just couldn't get over how poor the qualify the food was. The first dish was a shrimp fruit salad which I never liked. It's usually served cold because of the mayo and fruit but it was warm. It was a start of a very bad meal. The host decided to get the cheaper courses and it showed. The whole steamed fish were 2 tiny fish. The mushrooms in the albone were tiny. There was no steak type dish. 

I would not come back to this place unless I had like for someone's tacky wedding.
Terrible service and attitude. We ordered 2 different dumplings and soup for our table of 5. We got 1 of the dumplings and then they brought the 2nd and the 2nd was not ours. It took a long while to get ahold of someone to take the incorrect dish back. My dinner came out before the correct dumplings & soup. To my surprise my Spicy Beef was a cold dish, the menu had no description other than the name of the dish. After more waiting the correct dumplings & soup came out. Some more waiting then my wife's and our friends entree's came out & my wife's was incorrect. Then more waiting and the 3 other entree's came out. When we were all finished with our dinners, the waitress came out with the entree my wife was supposed to get. My wife explained she already had her meal and the waitress was insisting that my wife take it and then tried to give it to me.
Tried dim sum during peak hours. We were seated upstairs.  The food was ok-3 stars, but decor and cleanliness 1 Star.  

The few dim sum carts did not offer as much variety as NYC Chinatown or Flushing.  Suggest ordering noodle entrees from the kitchen early, as it took a while for the beef chow fun (very bland) and beef crunchy noodles (very salty).
The dim sum here is very fresh, with pretty decent selections, although they don't have clams or stuffed peppers.  The har gow are stuffed full of shrimp and nicely seasoned, though, so that was a plus.  Service is great for dim sum and the manager was great about getting us seated.  It was very busy but our party of 8 waited only 15 min.  The actual dishes/entrees here are great as well.  The braised soft noodles with crabmeat is one of my favorite noodle dishes.  Perfectly seasoned and not at all greasy.  And the portion is huge!  Other good dishes here are the conch with scallion, clams with mice pork, and frog legs with ginger and scallion.  The XO stir-fried scallops are pretty good, too.
I have not eaten the dim sum but ate here for dinner. Although I had not eaten the dim sum at this restaurant, I heard about this place through a friend, saying that it's a decent place to get dim sum. Anyway, here is what we got for dinner:

Gau Wong Chao Ban Kau - "Gau Wong" is a Cantonese term for yellow chives, while "Chao" is a term for stir fried. "Ban Kau" is one term to describe a sautéed fish. This is the Sautéed Fillet Grouper With Yellow Chives. $15.95.
Hong Wan Zha Ji Gai - This is the Cantonese styled Crispy Fried Chicken. $9.00. 
Tong Yun Gai Lan Ngau Youk - This is the Sliced Beef with Chinese Vegetables. Approximately $10.
Cheui Pei Zha Yeum Dau Fu - This is a fried tofu dish with broccoli doused in a brownish sauce. I think this is the Fried Crispy Stuffed Bean Curd. Approximately $10.
Ju Yim Sin Yau - This is the Fried Crispy Squid with chili and spicy salt. Approximately $10.
Some bowls of white rice.

The Ju Yim Sin Yau was decent, the calamari had the right amount of crisp, doused with the right amount of salt, but I thought it kind of lacked some spice to it. Overall it was decently tasty. The Cantonese crispy chicken was also decent, most of the meat was kind of bony, but the chicken meat was decently tasty and the skin had some crisp to it but not much. The scallions made it tastier. 

The Beef with Chinese vegetables was pretty good despite the sauciness of the dish and it was served on a giant plate. They were really generous with the portions, one dish should be enough to feed 3-4 people. The beef strips were tasty and flavorful. The vegetables were freshly cooked just right and the Chinese broccoli had the right crisp to it. The fried tofu was also decently good, it was really crispy on the outside and very soft on the inside. Each piece was also reasonably sized. The brownish sauce made the tofu and the broccoli tastier. As for the Sautéed Fillet with Yellow Chives, it was probably the tastiest dish I had. The texture was really soft, and the chives brought more flavor to the fish, making it tastier. 

The restaurant was really quiet when we came, making the atmosphere relaxing despite the sounds from the plasma HDTVs. Overall, I had a solid and tasty dinner at this restaurant, and it has also changed my perceptions of Chinese food in Philadelphia somewhat. I would definitely come back for the Beef and Chinese Vegetables, and for the Sauteed Fillet Grouper with Yellow Chives.
Came here quite often for dimsum and even wedding events. The place is quite nice and big but the bathroom can be quite dirty. Dimsum here is not bad and have quite a lot of selections. They have more options on the weekend tho just like all the other Chinese restaurants in Chinatown. Preferably this is one of my favorite place in Chinatown since some times eating dimsum I can be quite thirsty after. Their price is quite fair for lunch average about 2-4 for each dish during dimsum. As for dinners I never had it at night unless it's a wedding banquet style and the service is not bad during events
One of my new to go restaurants for dim sum since Imperial Inn closed. I suggest coming early on the weekends ~ 11am otherwise the line gets long. I don't come for the service but definitely come for the good dumplings and other dishes being pushed around in carts.
This review is for one item/dish only which I rate 5 stars. 

After an (underwhelming) brunch at Hawthorne (food wise, service was top notch), I was left wanting something more. I thought, cha siu bao-sweet pork buns. Decided on one order for take out, $2.50 for 3. I was a little skeptical that they would not be consistent with their execution since my first taste of them last month left me with very high expectations. Fortunately, they did a great job once again!!! The buns were nice and hot, fluffy, moist, and filled with the great sweet/bbq pork. 

I said it in my last review, and i'll say it again...these are probably the best i've ever had. If anyone knows a place that may serve something on this level, please let me know. As it stands, I will emphatically say that Ocean City Seafood Restaurant has the best cha siu bao.
We came here on a Saturday for a late lunch around 2pm. The location is on the edge of Chinatown close to Race Street, so there is street parking north of Race that is easily accessible. There was no wait for our party of 4 and there were still handful of people eating. There were several carts flowing, but they had limited selection and it did not appear as though they were making more.

That said, you could order items and they would make them. We got the last har gow and ordered some more, which took some time, but they were fresh. Everything we got tasted good, not great, but then again, it was a late lunch. The service was okay, they did not refill our waters and we paid up front at the register. I would recommend coming during the peak time, although you may experience a wait.
This is a really authentic Cantonese Dim Sum place!

It doesn't get a high rating on Yelp because many Americans don't have an idea of how traditional dim sum place works -- there will be no menu. The waitress will pull out a cart carrying all kinds of dim sums so customers can choose from. Tea is free: you can have Pu'er, Oolong or jasmine. 

Chinese people should definitely try out this place!
After moving out of Philly, I realize that it's difficult to find dim sum brunch like Ocean City in towns with smaller Chinese population. Bottom line: the best Cantonese dim sum experience in Philly Chinatown with a wide range of choices.
