I've ordered food to go here 3 or 4 times hoping for a change in the service but the female staff at the desk is still just as rude as the first time I went. She will make you feel stupid if you ask any questions about the menu and is extremely short with her responses. Not sure how this restaurant has managed to get such high reviews with the most unfriendly staff at the front desk. I will not be back.
This is probably the worst place I have ever ordered from. It is unacceptable how bad the service they gave me was. They messed up my orders and couldn't even give me a refund. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Do not go here
I came here for lunch with a group yesterday, and was sorely disappointed. 

After getting seated at a too-small table, we each ordered lunch specials (salmon teriyaki for me, sushi for others). The food was forgettable and the portions were small, but the service was the worst part. Our waiter brought me the the wrong dish, forgot to bring napkins and utensils, and spilled teriyaki sauce all over our table and never cleaned it up. He was completely reactive -- rather than checking in on us proactively, he waited until we'd flag him down, and seemed visibly annoyed that we were taking up his time. 

When our bill arrived, we decided to leave a ~10% tip, since this reflected the quality of our experience. When our waiter saw this, he became incredibly argumentative and unprofessional -- he said he felt had had done a good job and that we shouldn't have made so many requests of him. And then he asked for a bigger tip!!! 

I've waitressed before, so I know it's no fun to get a bad tip. But the point of tipping is that it's an *optional* way to reward good service. Irrespective of that, it's completely unacceptable for a restaurant employee to harass customers in the way this waiter did. Clearly, we won't be back.
This is pretty much the only place that offers bubble tea on the UPenn Campus. 

All of my experiences here have been above average except one. They have a policy that states orders under $5 must be paid in cash, but that's not too big of an issue. The first time I came, I ordered the Honeydew Milk Tea, a drink that I've never heard of. It tasted pretty good, but I opted for the classic milk tea (Black Tea) afterwards. The Milk Tea is a bit watered down but not bad by any means. Their boba is a nice consistency of chewy. I've only had one bad experience here, in which the milk tea literally tasted like powder water. Hopefully, it was just a one time thing, but every other experience here has been good.

The inside of the restaurant is dark with electro-style lighting. It gives off a nice modern vibe!
I wish I could give this place 0 stars.

Let me start by saying my boyfriend and I have come here several times when it was called "Chattime" and never had a complaint. I brought my roommate, her fiance, and her sister here last night and get this story:

So I check online to see what time they close. It says they close at 11, so we head on in at 9:50 for dinner. We are quickly sat, our orders placed, and our food delivered. At about 10:05, 30 seconds after our meal is delivered, the waitress comes over with our check, saying that the hostess needs to close the register so we need to pay. With our hot food getting cold, we hesitantly agree to pay, assuming she would leave the check there and come pick it back up. No, she stood there and waited for us to figure out our bill and who got what on the check...as our food was getting cold. None of us had even taken a bite yet. So we give her the cards and she comes back, having messed up the credit cards. It was fine, there was just a $2 difference so we figured it out.Then she comes back a about a minute later to pick up the slips. We hadn't even signed it yet and, yet again, she stands there waiting for us. Eventually she leaves and we start eating.

The food was delicious, as always.

So at about 10:15 the two other tables in the restaurant leave, they start sweeping around us and spraying the tables next to us with chemicals, turn off the music and...get this...turn off the lights! We were confused but we kept eating. I mean, they wouldn't have served us 10 minutes ago if they were closing, right? At 10:20 (I know, because I kept track of the time), the server comes over and tells us that they are closed and that we have to leave. Mind you, were were still eating and had half full plates. I politely tell her that the website says they closed at 11 and that we were going to finish our meals. She rolls her eyes and huffs away.

One minute later the manager (I assume) comes over and says "So the waitress tells me we have a problem over here" and I explain to him that the website says they close at 11, we just got our food, and we are going to finish our meal that we paid for. He responds very rudely by saying "Well the website is wrong, We close at 10:15 and it's time to go." At this point we were all very upset. Were we really being kicked out of restaurant at 10:24 when they "closed" at 10:15? The answer is yes. 

I am confused as to why they didn't let us know when we sat down that they closed in a few minutes, why they delivered food at 10:05 and expected us to eat it in 10 minutes, and how in the world a business kicks customers out less than 10 minutes after they closed. I work in a restaurant, and have worked in many restaurants in my life, and would never in a million years kick somebody out who was still eating. It's not like we were taking our time and they had closed an hour ago! 

Anyways, we will not be back until this situation is rectified. I don't know if they changed managers/owners when the name changed, but I highly recommend you boycott this place. It's not worth it to be treated like absolute dirt.
I came in here on a Friday around 11:30am. It was already pretty crowded, but there were still tables. I was dining solo and I think they were a little surprised and confused by that. I was hoping there would be a bar type area so I wouldn't have to take up a whole table, but that wasn't an option.

I was really in the mood for a big bowl of spicy soup. I got a beef noodle soup with the Szechuan broth. The waiter asked me how spicy I'd like it and I was like REALLY SPICY! And he was like "hot is really spicy, you might want medium" and I was like "no, I really really like spicy. I can handle it, I promise!" And he was like "I'm gonna give you medium." I was kind of bothered by that. I can't tell you how many times I've ordered something spicy and the Waiter looks at me and decides I can't handle it and the food arrives and isn't spicy at all. I hate that!! Anyway, the soup arrived and It was quite spicy. Was I chugging glasses of water and turning red and sweating? No, but I figured it's probably best that I don't go through all that before heading back to work. I hated to admit it, but he was right. Medium was quite spicy. I didn't really need to add chili oil. I could've and I almost did just to prove I was tough, but I decided against it. It had a really nice flavor and it totally hit the spot. Most people around me were having sushi and there was a lunch special for that. 
Anyway, I definitely recommend this place. I would try other things, but I really, really enjoyed that soup!
Food was good, service was very bad and they try to RIP YOU OFF!! MAKE SURE YOU CHECK YOUR BILL BEFORE YOU PAY!!

They said gratuity is automatically added when it's 4+ people, Not 18% but it's 25.6%, (And I can see why service was very bad because they charged you gratuity of 25.6%  anyway, and they do not care if it was bad).  And on top of that, if you don't look at the bill closely, they have gratuity suggestion on the bottom too, that's on top of the 25.6% gratuity they charged already!!!

We were there for late afternoon snack around 2 o'clock, 5 adults and 1 baby.  The restaurant was not very busy, but the server was just slow and never really come check on us, we have to remind him for our drinks when he forgets.  (I don't have high standard on service and gives average 20-25% tip, because I was a server before).  I don't being slow or forget things, but when they start lying, it's just NOT COOL.

I wanted to order one of the rolls, and the server told me that one will take 30 minutes, I did not want to wait, so I said "It's OK, change to XXX".  And then the roll came, and I told him "because you said it will take 30 minutes, so I asked you to change."  He said he repeated my order after, and I said OK.  Which, that was not true... He did not repeat our order at all. So that was the first lie, and with his service I just felt like I need to take a look at the bill closely... then I found out the gratuity 25.6% charged and they suggest you tip them another 18%, 20% or 22%.

I talked to our server about it, and he just said it's all from the computer system, must be the system got error, and try to lower his voice and make us pay and go soon.  (I'm sure they don't want other customers to hear this, or they will watch the bill!!) I think this is my worst restaurant experience, is this a fraud seriously?  I wish all the extra that people have been paid would have gone for donations for charity instead of these greedy businessmen.
Like another reviewer's comment, I also wanted to like this place. In fact, I used to come here quiet a lot whenever I had a bubble tea craving and couldn't make it to Chinatown or to enjoy a bowl of warm, hearty noodles on a cold day. 

Earlier this year, I took my friend who was visiting from California to eat here because I liked this place. However, this turned out to be my last time ever. I found a tag on one of the vegetable in the noddle soup and was annoyed. I suspected this meant either the staff didn't wash the vegetable or forgot the take off the tag. I informed one of the waiters and he said, "so what? This means it is fresh and organic." I wasn't mad before but now I am suddenly put off by his arrogant and ignorant response. My friend was also upset by the management's horrible attitude and I felt sorry this ruined our dinner. I decided I would never visit again  until the management apologizes and treats their customers with more respect (and with more assurance they do wash their vegetables and serve safe food).

I have read a few other reviews of 1 stars (because I love reading Yelp reviews haha) and found out others have experienced also bad service to the extent they've also decided to boycott this place. 

If you are decided on whether to give this place a try or not, It seems like the service is either a hit or miss, but definitely don't expect good service, only expect average or below. The noodles are so-so (MSG alert) and sushi is not recommended.
When I am in the mood for sushi for lunch I come here. They have a great lunch special (2 rolls for $9) but I always get the dinner special (3 rolls for $14) for lunch. I have also tried their hand drawn noodles and that didn't disappoint either. When I first started coming here I used to wait a long time for my food once I ordered but they've gotten a lot better in the last few months.

Helpful Tip: They only accept reservations if your party is 6 or more.
I decided to get the Ox Tail with hand shaved noodle soup that I've had a couple of times in the past. The problem was that this time around, the soup was completely bland - adding spicy oil and even soy sauce couldn't salvage it. I mentioned the issue to the server who was very receptive and informed the chef. I'm not sure if this was a problem just for today or something had changed since last year. I probably won't be ordering the noodle soup again; the extra star is for the lunch Bento Boxes which have always been pretty solid.
I tried Ochatto for lunch & had a sushi/sashimi combo. 

Sushi combo was mediocre. Fish was okay but not super fresh. One piece of sashimi was still partially frozen. Roll was a boring avocado & cucumber roll. 

I cannot recommend Ochatto for sushi. They have other foods on the menu & it may be that their sushi is particularly bad, so I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 star on this review.
Definitely good food for the price!! Got the maki lunch special + bubble tea - the sushi is def better than most places I've had around campus and the bubble tea is prob one of the best that I've had in the area unless you wanna make a run to Chinatown (the bubbles are pretty good!!) 

Came here with a couple friends and it's just a really great place for college students overall to chill and get cheap and good food!
I keep giving them chances but they've failed me again, this time with the bento box. I was the first one to walk in and order at 12pm on Sunday. Took 40 minutes for taking out 2 items and they also messed up my order, although i told them udon soup instead of stirfry. Thought about asking some sorta compensation but id be further wasting my time.
This is our "go to" restaurant in University City. Formerly it was called Chattime.  Not much changed from what I can tell now that they are called Ochatto.

They have excellent bubble tea, excellent tempura, great sushi and really good hand pulled noodles.  Generally I'm a bit skeptical of restaurants that try to do too much, but Ochatto pulls it off.  They do many things very well. 

I love the 2 roll lunch special with salad for $9.  There is also a dinner option for 3 rolls for $14 that comes with soup and salad.  The bento boxes are also quite good and if your not in the mood for Japanese, their noodle soups also hit the spot.  I recommend the spare rib noodle soup. 

As for the bubble teas, I don't venture far from the black milk tea. Definitely be warned, if you order one of their drinks with full sugar, it is WAY too sweet.  I generally order it with 25% and sometimes that is even a bit too sweet for my liking. 

The staff is always nice. The ambiance is much nicer that one would expect judging from the outside of the restaurant.  The restaurant is also quite a bit bigger than the store front would lead you to believe.   

If dining in University City Ochatto is an excellent option.
Ochatta has been my personal favorite "kitchen" since they first opened (come here at least twice a week) and so far never disappointed me. Awesome deals with lunch special two rolls for $9 and dinner special three rolls for $14. Especially they have a variety of drinks including my favorite bubble teas. From sushi to hand drawn noodles I get to have everything I want all at the same time, same place!
Walking into Ochatto, you're hit by a familiar smell of sushi and noodles - a comfort you long for on a summer day. The service was absolutely superb - kindness all around and everything was done in a timely manner. 

For food, I had to go for the beef brisket noodle soup, a popular menu item on Yelp. Within 15 minutes, my beautiful bowl of yummy goodness was served in an excellent, homemade manner. Of course, I had try the soup. A simple, rich broth filled my tastebuds with joy, with the perfect level of saltiness. My only regret is not getting the Szechuan Spicy Food Base. The bok Choy had a scrumptious crunch and the beef brisket was cooked to perfection; serotonin was sent straight to my brain as I chowed down the meal. The ramen noodles were at the right texture of softness, and with it all put together, I finished everything within minutes.

I will say, it's hard to find such magnificent Asian noodles in University City, but Ochatto is a must-go-to when you're in the UPenn area.
The quality of this place keeps on going downhill. First it was the service taking a dip, then the food, and now the ambiance. 

Whenever I walk into the restaurant, it smells. It's a mixture of fish and chemicals. The smell gets worse as you walk deeper into the restaurant. It really makes we question the freshness of the sushi and fish they have displayed at the counter. 

I always get the BBQ rib noodle soup and I swear each time there's less and less meat. This time, I only had 3 small pieces of meat. 1 bowl is $10, I expect there is be more meat in this!! It's very disappointing. 

I will not be back for dinner nor their lunch specials. There are so many more places and options in University City for soupy noodles in the similar price range.
While the atmosphere is modern and chic, the food here is underwhelming and overpriced. 

My friend and I came on a Sunday evening and we both ordered sushi rolls. My spicy tuna had too much mayonnaise and my avocado roll did not taste fresh. 

The staff was not very friendly and our waiter was rather rude and yelled at my friend for charging his phone with the outlet in our booth. 

Would not recommend. Plenty of other options in the neighborhood to try.
This place has always been my top choices for lunch while I was studying in school. Great quality of food and service combined. 
Pros:
- Food is always reasonably priced and quality never failed to satisfy 
- Great menu with selections from sushi to Chinese noodle soup, ASIAN FUSION heck yeah
- Spacious restaurants with exotic bamboo decors 
- Located right next to a frozen yogurt place, dessert! check!
Cons:
- The light might be a bit too dimmed 
- Boba isn't that great to be honest, keep trying
Everything about this place is average. Average hand drawn noodles, average sushi, average bubble tea, average decor,  and slightly below average service. But, given this is the only hand drawn noodle place, only sushi place, and one of few bubble tea places in west philly, I end up coming here pretty dang often. So I guess by default this place is the best in the neighborhood!
Ochatto is a decent place for sushi, noodles, and bento boxes. I've never ordered the noodles personally but I've gotten the other two countless times (and tasted my friends' noodles). 

The sushi dinner combo ($14 for 3 rolls) is actually a decent deal, since some of their rolls are fancier than the average California or Salmon roll. For lunch, I'd suggest the bento box, since there's actually a good amount of food (the large plate makes it seem a bit smaller than it is) for like $10-11. The chicken katsu and shrimp tempura have never disappointed me and it's exactly what I'd expect from a decent Japanese spot.

I think it's a decent restaurant - it doesn't stand out as amazing, but it's pretty good.
Hand drawn or shaved, you can't go wrong with either homemade noodle.  Been coming here with the bf since they used to be Chattime, and any time we crave a bowl of Chinese style noodle soup we find ourselves back at this joint.  And even with the name change the interior decor and food remains the same.

As far as their sushi goes, we have ordered rolls, sashimi, and sushi before and it's been decent if you're going for some simple sashimi and sushi.   We had one of their tartare small plates and it was more mango pieces than salmon.  We won't be getting that one again.  And their softshell crab was more soggy than crispy and fried, and the dipping sauce was a Thai mango chili sauce that I didn't like too much.  I think it would've been more successful with a ponzu dipping sauce.

So my 4 star review goes towards praising their noodle soups. My fave is the beef.  Runner up would be duck and then oxtail.  I still have yet to try lamb and the eel so I'll think about updating my review when that time comes.  All the soups have the same flavor profile when it comes down to the spices that make up the base of the broth, which is then enhanced by whatever protein chosen.  And it's really effin' delicious!  
If you can't decide on what noodle to get, think about it this way,  if you want to slurp your noodles, get hand drawn; If you're looking for more texture and a "thicker" noodle to chew on, get the shaved.

I appreciate the variety of cold sakes and Japanese beers they carry which is a good mate to a hot bowl of soup.  Their bubble tea is pretty legit too.  I love that they offer different sugar options so you can opt for less sweet/sugar in 3 different levels. 

Service has never steered us to complain.  It falls in that middle range of being just enough to not want to say anything bad.
A winning choice for Chinese style soup in the University City area!
Ochatto has recently become my go-to lunch spot when I want a quick sit-down lunch with my friends in between classes. There's typically no wait if you arrive before 12:30 pm on a weekday. I am a fan of the noodle soups (sliced beef is my favorite ~$9) and there's never more than a 10 minute wait for the food to arrive at the table. 

Their boba tea is not the best and is below average in both taste and quality. They will also give you approximately 10 bobas per cup (stingy!). If you ask them to adjust the sweetness or ice levels, confusion ensues.
Nope! Just a review for bubble tea.
Won't come here again when there are other options for bubbles in university city.
Requested a bubble tea; thought the guy entering my order was going to make it but instead a staff member who entered the restaurant after me (either coming into her shift or coming back from break) rushes in, takes off her winter coat, shoves it into a cubby, and immediately starts making the drink without washing her hands. Nope! I watched her make it and she grabs the plastic shaker with her fingers touching the inside of the container. Nope! 

That being said; I tried the tea, so that I can review the flavor (and train to control my germaphobia). The drink tastes fine and normal but bubbles were undercooked and chalky in the middle. Not worth training my immune system over.
Came here twice and thought both times were just okay. The only reason why I came back was because I had a business work lunch there.

Food I got:

-Pan fried shaved noodles combo
-Tofu Appetizer (Pretty good for the price)
-Beef brisket noodle soup

Service: Very good

Decor: Clean
(3.5 stars) Great spot for a sit down lunch with a friend. There are a lot of quick, cheap bites around the area that aren't necessarily ideal for meeting up with someone. Although it's a bit pricier than places around, the lunch special is a great deal considering the price, quality, and portions. And they offer complimentary green tea!

Both the beef negimaki and the steak teriyaki bento boxes were solid options, with a slight preference for the negimaki (more unique preparation and taste). The bento boxes are served with soup or salad, shrimp and vegetable tempura, rice and some sushi. The sushi is a bit disappointing but the rest certainly gets the job done. It's always hard to choose between the soup and salad, if only it came with both...
The food is fine. But the girl works at cash register at the bubble tea area is not friendly at all!!
Bummer dude. 

On a stroll through University City, I made the impromptu choice to stop into Ochatto when I read their lunch special Bento box. For $10 and some change, I got a side of miso soup, 3 pieces of the house Cali roll, tempura shrimp, veg, and chicken, and brown rice. It was a lot of food for a cheap price - win! 

However, the food itself was dismal and disappointing. The "tempura veg" was a thin slice of sweet potato in a thick, greasy coating. The tempura chicken, while cooked thoroughly, was cold like it had been sitting out for hours, as was the brown rice. The house Cali roll was bizarre, unlike any California roll I've ever had. It was like the chefs just grabbed whatever was lying around and stuffed a piece of shrimp in with it. It had pickled onion and some other undetermined neon vegetable. It was, in a word, yucky. The miso soup was the only thing I mildly enjoyed, but miso is miso. 

I doubt I'd give this place another chance. There are many other options out there.
My family came in today to buy bubble tea.  We ordered a smoothie (which was quite good) and a honeydew bubble tea (which tasted horrible).  The honeydew tasted so watered down.  I brought it back to the counter, and the guy who prepared it was very reluctant to remake it.  Once he did, he challenged me to try it, and when I told him that it tasted better, he said "I made the last one exactly the same." Basically, telling me that I was the problem.  I'm shocked at the extreme lack of customer service.  Sorry, bubble tea shops are a dime a dozen.  No need to patron a place lacking in simple customer service and manners.  If I'm putting you out to do your job, then I don't need to give you my business.  If I could give this place a -10 star rating, I would.  I can't believe any business can stay in business with their attitude.
I love the sushi they make best sushi in the Philly the restaurant was clean I don't understand why people said the have a rat problem only thing I don't like was the mike tea poke man have a better one
The starter salad and miso was not that nice. The Gyoza and the Teriyaki Chicken on rice was good. Thai iced tea was average.
Very solid meal for the price. The sushi deal is 3 specialty rolls for $14, which isn't bad given the area. We went during their halloween special, so they also brought out a free roll (for parties of 4+). I had the spider, spicy salmon, and spicy yellowfin, and while the latter two were not huge, the combo of the three rolls was definitely enough. Also my friend ordered a beef wide noodle soup that was very good for the price (9.75 ish) with a sizable portion. Would recommend.
I came here for a great experience with my girls after an even at U Penn. Drinks Great. Food Good.  Daughter drops phone.  Picks it up and IT IS STUCK TO A MOUSE TRAP!!!!  

A DAMN MOUSE TRAP.  To the person who has a mouse dropping in her salad I believe you.  We got no sorry.  No discount. Nothing.  I left the waitress her 18 percent tip.  But I WILL NOT Come to this establishment again.  


Period.  We had noddles stir fry with spicy shrimp.
I go there a lot because I live right across the street from it. I have tried mostly everything, but I only recommend the noodles. Their bubble teas are a bit too sweet, so get half sugar if you will.
This is my personal favorite for food at a reasonable price in University City.  The soups are savory and come with handmade noodles, which you can watch them craft if you eat at the restaurant. The sushi is very fresh and there are many specialty rolls which are well-crafted and tasty. Plus, you can get them for a good price as part of the lunch specials.
3.5 stars. 
The noodle soups here are really good. Although most people get the hand-drawn noodles, I prefer the shaved noodles. Unfortunately, the fish here doesn't taste that fresh so I would only get cooked dishes here. I also recommend the BBQ eel sauteed udon noodles.  The bubble tea is here made out of powder and you can definitely taste it, and the bubbles are hard.

In terms of service, it can be slow but the staff is nice. The interior is modern and clean. There can be a wait during peak times.
Simple, quick, no frills lunch options. 

I may be biased (or spoiled) about my sushi, but I have yet to find a sushi place in Philly that wows. 

The atmosphere is good. I love the decorating though the sound really carries in there. They have a to-go counter right when you walk in. 

I came in around 1:30 so I ordered from the lunch menu. I opted for the $9 two sushi roll deal, and a salad (miso soup was the other option). I chose the white tuna and avocado roll and the oshinko (pickled radish, though the menu doesn't tell you that) roll. In most sushi places I go to I like to order white tuna rolls and a vegetable roll. 

The salad came out very fast. The ginger dressing was great. The rolls came out fast too, but the taste was very basic. The oshinko and white tuna didn't taste like others I've had before. The waiter brought the check before I was ready because I wanted to order a bubble tea before going. He couldn't explain the size difference between the small and large so I went with the small. It tasted good but had a lot of boboa in it! I didn't finish it. 

Next time: I'll try something more substantial from the main menu.
Never EVER go to this place. I found MOUSE droppings in my salad. I had ordered from them when they first opened and the food was not bad but also not good. I decided to give them a second chance, and I found mouse poop in my food! If I could give 0 stars I would! I ordered the chicken teriyaki, which I ate some of unfortunately, before finding the mouse poop, and it was soupy, but it didn't taste bad. After finding mouse poop in my salad though I threw everything out. I complained and sent a picture of the poop to them and they refused to give me a refund
The bubbles weren't fully cooked, so the consistency was off :'( The service wasn't very friendly and one of my friends' orders was messed up. My friend saw the table next to us get sashimi and it looked frozen.

It's a good location on Penn's campus so I will come back when I'm in the area, but it's nothing special.
It's at a very convenient location. Get seated soon after arrival. 
I ordered black cod bento lunch box and bubble milk tea. Lunch box came with three pieces Cali roll and Tempura.
First, the Cali roll that came were very loose. I don't like the shimp tempura that much. Black cod is too fishy. Maybe be I will try something else next time.
Fairly inexpensive asian food with a variety of Chinese and Japanese options! Service can be hit or miss, but the wait times are usually short.
My go to place for sushi (3 for $14). My combination is always 2 spiders and 1 shrimp tempura, can never go wrong! But thats the only thing I'd order from there. I've had the soup noodles and bento box before. I found the soup noodles to be bland and the meats in the bento box to be dry. The bubble tea is alright.

They really need to label their vinegar soy and regular soy sauce bottles. They're the same color and in the same bottles and they look identical. It's annoying to have to pour it out and taste it or try to smell which one is which. It's also extremely dim inside the restaurant, I highly suggest they do something about the lighting.

Service is mediocre. I have always felt rushed to leave every time I've been there, even if it wasn't busy at all! The waiter occasionally checks to see if you're finished and as soon as you're done, he brings the check to your table. Mind him, I just finished my last bite and am still trying to digest! Also the ladies running the bubble tea section can be rude at times. As if she was rushing me and could care less if I wanted to order or not. She would always ask "are you ready?" "Are you ready now?" "Are you ready yet?". This was also when it wasn't busy and I was the only one there at the station. Also it was evident I wasn't standing directly at the cashier and was standing away trying to look at the menu.

That being said, this is the only place with decent sushi around campus aside from their cons.
Hand-drawn noodle soups here are really amazing. The herbs in the soup are delicioussss. I tried three different noodle soups: duck, Japanese roasted pork, and chicken teriyaki (ranked from 1st to 3rd in order of favoritism, but all were amazing). The duck noodle soup is the absolute best -- when I had it, I thought the noodles tasted really fresh (which is really unusual for me, since I think noodles is just noodles, but I really noticed the taste of the noodles that time). So, the noodles here in this place really stood out to me from then on. 

I also tried the duck roll (appetizer), which was pretty good but not the best I've ever had. There could have been more duck in the wraps. The wraps were different from the other duck rolls I've had -- they were softer and had more vegetables in it, so they were more flavorful, but I'm used to blander wraps, so I preferred that (I like the main taste of duck and hoisin sauce, not the bread...). The purple roll was pretty good too. 

Noodle bowls are huge, though they could use a bit more noodles :) The atmosphere is really nice -- Asian-like but also modern chic. A LOT of Asians come here, so the place is definitely up to many Asians' level lol.
Me and my husband got a urge for sushi around 10:15pm. I searched for a nearby place and came across this restaurant. I, of course called ahead of time and they stated that the kitchen closed at 11. We arrived around 10:30. I should've know it was going to be a bad experience as soon as I opened the door. The "hostess" didn't greet us... Instead, she checked her makeup in a mirror and never bothered. We were seated by a waiter who just so happened to be walking by. Our butts weren't warm in our seats before we were asked to order. Feeling rushed we placed our order. Minutes after ordering our apps came out. I had miso soup which was luke warm and my husband had a side salad. Soon after, our sushi came out. I must admit it was pretty good. We both ordered California rolls, spicy crab rolls and shrimp tempura rolls. 5 min into eating the waiter came back with the check and said "pay me now please because the kitchen is closing". It was 10:45. I didn't know the kitchen closing had anything to do with paying a bill... Nonetheless we paid. As we continued eating trash for what seemed like the entire day passed by us.. Let me not forget to mention that there were others in the restaurant as well. At 10:59 to be exact another waitor approached us and stated that they were closed. After he spoke he walked back over to the group of employees who were standing probably arms length away from our table waiting for us to get up and leave. I have never felt so rushed at a restaurant in my life. Im guessing the people who were still seated were probably family members who had finished their shift because they weren't asked to leave. Needless to say I will NEVER visit this place again.
The service here is absolutely terrible. The server literally said he could only take for credit card and then I asked him if I could speak to the manager and he said he would make this one exception for me. Although, the food it was really good and they do sushi rolls three for $14. So I would highly recommend coming but only if you're OK with paying cash.
I'm a fan of the ramen bowls and sushi here. It's tasty and filling, with good portion sizes for the price. Unfortunately their takoyaki is quite subpar. It's tasteless, with little sauce and no seaweed on it. Still, overall, the food is decent. It's not anything too special but it's filling and enjoyable.

Unfortunately the service leaves something to be desired. The waiters are friendly, but forgetful. Nearly every time I go there, something is forgotten. If you're lucky it will just be water, but my friends seem to have bad luck with their orders being entirely forgotten until they ask about it after waiting for an hour. When it's not a busy hour and the waiters have a notepad they write on, one has to wonder how people can slip through the cracks so easily.
I am not sure why they changed the name (Chattime), but everything is exactly the same. The beef noodles here are pretty decent, you get what you pay for. This time, a friend and I got the love boat ($48 for like the equivalent of miso soup, salad, 2 rolls, and a bamboo ship stocked with sashimi. Not a fan of the way they cut their sashimi, it's too thick. Also, there were two or three scales still attached to some of the salmon sashimi. Ochatto is okay. If you need a boba fix this is your place when you're next to campus. Other than that, nothing here is that special.
Honestly, I love this place. It's my go-to place to bring visitors. Noodles are solid, great sushi (3 rolls for $14), but honestly it's the best bubble tea I've had. I'd definitely suggest adding pop bubbles.
Very rude staff serving bubble tea at the front. I use to come to this locational all the time when it was called chattime and I always had a good experience. By this time staff had an attitude, bubble tea was expensive and unremarkable.
The food is pretty okay.

But by god you need the patience of Siddhartha because holy moley does this place take FOREVER. I've been reincarnated dozens of times waiting for the food and check. Come here if you're in west philly, desperate for asian food, and have an entire lifetime to wait.
Great lunch time sushi specials. Also have extensive boba tea collection. If you bring cash they  give a 10% discount
I typically don't write reviews. However, I thought it would be necessary to write a review about this restaurant. The sushi was horrible. I got the crunchy spicy tuna, crunchy spicy salmon, and spider roll. The spider maki roll was thin and had very little tempura in it. The salmon and tuna rolls were very mushy. There were no whole pieces of salmon or tuna in the rolls. Rather, they were just mushy collections of fish wrapped inside of rice. They were flavorless and I couldn't even finish all of the rolls. I will never eat here again.
My kid loves the Ochatto Hot Pot up the street and we were eager to try out this restaurant.  We were disappointed.  I got a bento that included salad, tempura vegetables, and teriyaki salmon.  The kid got udon.  The ginger dressing on the salad was gloopy and astringent.  The  tempura was oily.  The salmon had not been glazed and broiled with the sauce.  Instead the sauce, which was too sweet and sticky, had been poured over the salmon after.  

My kid did not like her noodles, but I do not remember the details.

Total cost for lunch the two of us was $33.62.  We did not take our leftovers away with us.
Idk what is worst the none fresh fish or how bad it was cut. I ended up throwing out my take out and just eating the side salad.
After multiple bad experiences, I will not be going back. Today I went in and per usual the women endured my presence. The only time they have ever been friendly was the day when I mentioned the BABY RAT running around the dining room and the front counter. They then proceeded to send someone from the back to kill said baby rat. They offered to refund my lunch on this occasion. I tried to rationalize this as "all restaurants have rats" and I'll only go for bubble tea from now on. However, I was disturbed. I have not eaten here since then. Today, while I was waiting for my bubble tea, the girl stood there and texted on her phone for so long I was able to take a picture of her. I had to call out to her to interrupt her, after about 3 minutes. Then she didn't wash her hands before making my tea. She also at one point stuck one of her fingers in the cup. Knowing how dirty phones are, I was kind of grossed out. Cleanliness and friendliness is wanting here. It is not worth it.
I go to Ochatto quite frequently and have been ever since I started working in University City! I've also come here for birthday dinners with my parents and cousin who is a Penn student and we have all found our favorite items on the menu.  More often than not, I get sushi--my favorites are the mango shrimp roll, sweet potato roll, and tuna roll.  They have great daily specials--their lunch special runs from 11am-3pm and includes 2 sushi rolls and a miso soup or salad and they also have a 3 roll special for $14.  The miso soup is yummy and my favorite appetizers are the edamame and the age tofu.  I've never tried the bubble tea (and have no intention to do so as I'm not a fan of how the boba gets stuck to my teeth), but the smoothies and fruit flavored green tea are pretty decent.  A nice plus--if you pay cash for take-out orders, you receive a 10% discount if your bill is $15 or higher!  Glad to have Ochatto in the neighborhood for lunch breaks and to satisfy my sushi craving!
Very convenient location. They have a variety of drinks including boba!! They also have a variety of food, from sushi to noodle soups. Their service is on point and they have great deals for lunch and dinner. If you're in the area and crave some well made japanese food, Ochatto is the spot to go~
Food was okay, but service was appalling. The waitresses were constantly chatting, didn't say hello and were just outright rude.
Update: I was FINALLY able to get a delivery order. The response time was average, don't expect lightening speed. BUT the food was excellent. I'm glad I was actually able to try this restaurant. The Dragon Ball: AMAZING! I would definitely recommend this. In fact, it was better than my entree. I should have ordered three. Big fan. 

After my original post the owner reached out to me and was not aware that GrubHub was being told that they were not accepting delivery orders. Hopefully everything with them was worked out. I'll eat here again (if they're delivering!).
I am a Drexel student and just found out about this restaurant a few weeks ago and have been coming multiple times a week since. This restaurant is absolutely amazing! Their food is fresh and made with love. The head chef is from another country so he brings over an absolutely unique chili oil that I can't get enough of. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to a friend. Come try it out now!
I came with my friend and her brother. The hand drawn noodles are excellent!!! Rolls are awesome as well!! Big thumbs upppp! Her little brother just loves the house beef noodle soup and bubble tea!!!
We were a little hesitant coming here given the recent polarized yelp reviews, however I'm glad we did as the food was delicious and the service excellent. 

We ordered the loveboat for two and the restaurant graciously substituted 5 of the sashimi for sushi. Honestly it was some of the best sushi I've eaten here in Philadelphia among the sushi places within this price range. The shrimp sushi was perfectly cooked, something which is often overdone, and the sashimi was surprisingly thick cut. The selection was good as well with only one piece of sushi being what I consider a "cheap cop out," which was the fake crab covered sushi. The miso soup could have used a little more salt and the salad was completely unnecessary as the love boat portion was more than enough, so I didn't even try it but overall the dish was a win. 

The decor and vibe was pretty cool as well. They were making the hand drawn noodles next to the sushi station which is not only fun to watch but also lets you know that the noodles are legitimately hand drawn.

Needless to say ill definitely be returning, next time to give the noodles a try.
The hand drawn noodle soup was really good (I had the house special). Some of the meat was tough but the broth was good and the noodles were yummy. I would order extra noodles and veggies in the future, but that's probably my own preference. 

My wife had the dinner sushi combo with the tuna/salmon roll, shrimp tempura roll and the spider roll. She liked them all but the shrimp tempura stood out the most. 

I also tried the passion fruit green tea (50% sugar) and it was really good.

Lastly, we finished with fried ice cream which was great!

The only thing that was weird was that my noodle soup came out 5-7 minutes before my wife's food. The servers were also a little curt--I'm sure it's been a long day for them though. 

I would recommend this place if you're looking for good Japanese in the area!
Came here twice now. The food is great for the relatively low price. Their rice rolls are made very well, presented well, and taste bomb! My personal favorite is the Godzilla Roll. I'd recommend either getting their rolls, or their hand-pulled/shaved noodle soups (seafood, beef brisket, or pork are all good). I prefer the latter over the former. The serving size for the noodle soups are great for the price. Their hand-drawn noodles are better than their shaved/cut noodles though (Nanzhou in Chinatown has delicious shaved noodles which is a special type of noodle made by shaving/cutting rather than pulling.) At the counter there's a professional noodlemaker making the handpulled noodles and you'll be able to see him make them from time to time (so you know the noodles are fresh). The interior decor is pretty nice as well. A lot of local students and their families come here to eat. I haven't tried their array of bubble tea drinks yet, but I heard they were also good.
The sign said hand drawn noodles..impressive.  The food was not.  We had two dishes and both were disappointing.

Shumai - the larger than a golf ball sized balls might have had a shrimp filling but it was so pureed to death that you couldn't determine if there was a filing or if you were simply eating a doughy ball of noodle.

Shrimp Udon - served as soup (vs pan sauteed) - there were 6 shrimp, all over cooked and rubbery, 3 had tails on, 3 had tails off - doesn't matter but not consistent.  The noodles were fine but the overall soup had no flavor.
one of the best sushi spots in Philly. the california roll, the avocado roll, and the udon noodles are perfect. 

great miso soup and salad. the taro milk tea is so good. 

great for dine in and takeout. ambience is good for a nice sit down dinner as well.
The sushi here is good and fulfills my craving, but the sushi rice could be more flavorful and have a better texture. I typically order the 3 sushi roll special, with the eel roll, alaska roll (salmon and avocado), and the spicy tuna roll. This time I also got the yellowtail scallion, which did not have as strong of a scallion flavor and had less fish than the others. 

I docked a star because the process of picking up orders is very unorganized during COVID. I ordered through an app, and I was notified that my order was ready for pickup. When I got to the restaurant there was a line out the door for people waiting for their orders, even though they all said that their online order already said it was ready for pickup. It took me 15 minutes to pickup an order that was sitting on the table and already done, and the slow pickup system made it more crowded and not ideal for the current situation.

Overall the food is decent, but the wait times during COVID for takeout was way too long.
I don't know why this place has less than four stars because I LOVE this place. Whenever I come to Philly and am craving some noodle soup or well priced sushi I come here. 

My regular dish is the hand drawn beef brisket noodle soup. It's not as good as from Nan Zhou downtown but it's pretty damn good. The broth is rich and flavorful, and the noodles are great. The shaved noodles I've found are shaved a little too skinny for my taste making them not very doughy and fall apart more than I like but they're not bad. The beef falls apart and is very tender. And the broth is where the money's at. Come here if you don't have time to go to Nan Zhou but need to sate a craving.

I've also had their sushi a few times - I love their lunch/dinner specials because it's such a good deal. I typically get salmon or eel rolls and they're delicious!

Bubble tea - one of my favorite bubble tea places in Philly. Get it!
Their lunch menu is delicious and very reasonably priced. We ordered a Chicken Terriyaki Bento box that came with shrimp and vegetable tempura, a California roll, veggies, rice and a salad. We also ordered two Maki Lunch special. The Maki special allows you to pick two Maki rolls and their list to choose from is substantial and far beyond basic. We ordered a peppered tuna avocado roll, spicy crab with avocado roll, seared tuna roll and the spicy crab cream cheese roll. The Maki special also comes with miso soup or a salad. We got one of each. Every single thing we ordered was delicious and fresh. I highly recommend and will definitely return!
It's pretty good, but nothing out of the ordinary compared to other offerings in Philly. I typically get their three sushi roll dinner, which I enjoy. Gluten free menu information isn't readily available online, but the staff can help. Typically the raw fish sushi options are safe bets.
Meh. We tried to order through the website but it kept redirecting us because it said the site was not safe, or we reached a 404 Error. Then we ordered through Yelp, which was easy enough. We received a notification that our order was being prepared but no notification that it was finished, so that I had call to verify that it was done. I told the person on the phone that we hadn't received any verification but it was already an hour when the wait said 20-40 minutes. She made a point to argue that she pushed the button to say the order was done, but honestly she could have just noted that whatever system they're using isn't talking to the Yelp system. If you order from yelp just take note that may happen to you.
Anyway. The food is mediocre for the price. We got two Bento boxes and some appetizers which was plenty for a family of four, but the quality wasn't fantastic. I'd have been happy if we spent half as much. The top foods were the Age Tofu and the Shumai shrimp dumplings--very good, great texture, fresh. In the Bento, the tempura was fine. Otherwise, the teriyaki chicken and fish were dry and the california rolls weren't flavorful. I would consider this the "fast food" of local Japanese fare, but there are other local places with higher quality for the same price.
I've come to this venue several times before when it was operating under the name "Chattime". The menu, decor, and wait staff are all the same as far as I could tell. During our latest visit, my companion ordered Udon noodles with marinated egg add-on while I went with the hand drawn noodle soup with the spicy soup base. This was because I had previously ordered the regular version but always found myself adding the red chili flake sauce that can be found on the table to amp up the heat. The portion size for the noodle soups is quite large. The only disappointment from this last trip was that when we wanted to order bubble tea at the end of the meal, they informed us they could still make the tea, but that they were out of bubbles. Well, can't have bubble tea without tapioca!
This review is based only on bubble tea. I have not tried any of their food!

The first time I went to Ochatto for bubble tea, I ordered black milk tea. The bubbles were good. Overall, I was satisfied with my purchase, although I did not like the fact that they use powdered milk rather than real milk in their drinks. The second time I went, however, I brought a few other people. My sister wanted to order green tea with no milk, and she wanted it hot, but they can only serve a limited portion of their menu hot for some reason. I ordered a matcha latte, and the taste was incredibly bitter. The honey green tea and strawberry green tea were served with far too much strawberry and honey flavoring, and tasted awful. The strawberry smoothie is good. However, the drinks never have enough tapioca. Service is slow.
I wanted to like ochatto . As a reasonably priced sushi place that delivers to my area it could have been my new go-to . Everything was just really bland and really sweet . They have a deal for three "any rolls" for 14$ . Of course it is not really any roll on the menu but you choose from about 25 select rolls . A lot of them are what you'd expect , the California , spicy tuna , spider roll etc . 

I got a mango shrimp roll , the spicy crunchy yellowtail and the spider roll with soft shell crab . The mango shrimp was the best , as another reviewer said the shrimp was perfectly cooked . The mango was good and fresh . It was just so plain , just shrimp and mango . 

The spicy yellowtail is to be avoided at all costs . I was disappointed to see fish mush instead of a chunk of yellowtail in the roll . The fish mush looked like a mix of ahi and yellowtail ... I think ? It did not look like just yellowtail and honestly it didn't taste like yellowtail either . I would stay away from the spicy tuna rolls because fish fraud is already rampant in sushi and the way they serve the yellowtail makes what you're eating even more of a risky mystery . Also I almost forgot they put the crunch inside the roll so it is not crunchy . So the fish mush is some mystery blend with spicy mayo and soggy crunch - the stuff of nightmares ! 

Speaking of soggy crunchy , the spider roll is usually a favorite of mine , but I hated having the sauce coating the soft shell crab versus on top of the roll because it arrived soggy and no longer crisp . The sauce was uber uber sweet , it usually is sweet but it was too sweet for me . The fried coating absorbed too much oil so it tasted really oily . 

The rice on all rolls was under seasoned - if you've ever made sushi you know you put the smallest bit of rice vinegar , sugar and salt to get he right texture and flavor and I don't think they did that here . The rice was dry and gummy and just really unpleasant , I know it's just rice but I actually ended up just eating the insides of the rolls it was that unappealing . 

The calamari was good ; they use a panko so it was light and crispy but the sauces they serve it with were a total miss . The mustard had potential but it was so clawingly sweet , and served with a sweet mango sauce . Sweet and sweet ? Not so sweet ochatto. The dish seemed so one note . They were both yellow and looked (and tasted) like candy . I ate it but got sick of it quick , like super sweet stuff will do to you . Why not have a spicy mustard without HFCS or at least add some real spice to the mango sauce ? Ugh it was bad , the memory is still haunting me ! 

The delivery was the fastest I've had yet . I just wish the food was better ! I actually got sick in the morning , my stomach really did not like this meal . It's not the rarest thing to happen to me but it does tell me that the quality of food is lacking . Trust your gut , right ? Skip ochatto .
Went with SFCU for dinner. Food, service, and atmosphere was great! Five stars out of five stars
WORST restaurant ever!!! Had food poisoning and almost had to throw up at the restaurant. Ramen was not fully cooked and they still demanded substantial tips after knowing our terrible experience. No apologies were given. Even asked us to go to the hospital for a medical record to "prove" that we had food poisoning. WORST service attitude!! AVOID this place AT ALL COSTS.
First thing you'll notice is the attentive service, though I think I got a trainee last night. He was enthusiastic about sharing the details of the menu with us, like when I asked about the difference between hand-drawn and shaven noodles was. They were prompt about water and the check, and at the end we got these raffle tickets to win an Apple Watch or something. 

Food quality was yummy! At least for my beef broth seafood soup. I'd say maybe it doesn't have a distinctive signature taste like some other ramen places have for their broths, but that's not a minus at all for just getting a filling, yummy dinner.

Vibe at first looks dark and loud, and your table usually has a spotlight-esque light about it, but for some reason it's not as distracting as in other places. Their acoustics make it feel like the only people who can hear you are the people right sitting across from you, so it feels private even though the restaurant is open and spacious. Anyways, plus for decor.
Ordered take out from here via DoorDash and mid meal I was SO pleased that I had to see their Yelp. Surprised by the 3.5 star rating! Read a couple reviews and can say that by the sushi, bento box, and soups that I stand by my 5 star review.
Also, read somewhere that sushi wasn't flavorful, I disagree. Sushi rice should be the star, but it was well flavored. And the sushi itself was tasty too. 
The amount they give you is incredible especially when compared to price. Definitely going to be one of my go to's when craving some sushi. Maybe next time me and my fianc will even stop by to dine in
I've been here multiple times pre-covid and their udon is great! I get the BBQ Eel or Seafood Sauted Udon and it's savory goodness. Their jasmine bubble tea is also really good and I like their bubble tea reward system; I always carry around the punchcard in my wallet. 

Their dinner bento box is also really worth it. You get a variety of food including sushi, protein of choice, and tempura for a pretty good price. I've had the filet mignon option a couple times. 

I haven't really tried many of their sushi, but my friends who have all say it's pretty good!
