This place is great! My housemate and I were moving in to our new apartment and were looking to have some cheap easy pizza. Four Sons is right around the corner from us so we decided it would do. Boy were we pleasantly surprised. We ordered the Garlic and Basil Sicilian pizza with Sausage. The pie was large, and toppings were generous. It was plain delicious.  We were a bit confused by the name of the Pizza because it looked like a regular pizza, but we think they call their specialty pizza Sicilian. 

We also ordered the spicy buffalo wings. They were great as well, the chicken was not breaded (which is the way I like them) and although we ordered spicy they were definitely do-able. 

The service is also good. Definitely a bunch of Neighborhood guys who are friendly and always make pleasant conversation. They are consistently fast and you won't be sitting around waiting for you food. 

If you are looking for good basic pizza  this is the place you need to try!
I'm not sure if this is the same owners as the place on Kensington ave but this pizza is fantastic! I grew up eating at the place on the ave and this is nothing like that. I've been by this particular location a lot and never stopped. They have no signage or anything so I thought it was just a dive. To my surprise, it's one of the best pizzas I've had in a while.

The place is fairly large and they have an ample amount of seating. The first thing that caught my eye was their brick oven pizza. The guy was slinging pizza so fast I couldn't keep up. From ordering to leaving was maybe 8 minutes. I went with a traditional small plain and at $9.00 it's a steal. 

The crust! The crust was fantastic! It had just enough color on it to give it the perfect texture and flavor. It was light, airy and chewy all at the same time. Their sauce is pretty good as well with some tang. The cheese while a little greasy was still good. I did not expect a pizza like this from here, pleasantly surprised. Overall it was a very very good pizza. I can't wait to go back! Solid 4 stars for the pizza.
Ordered from this place for the first time tonight - always pass by it, and a friend of a friend recommended it. The pizza (half plain, half white pie w spinach) was excellent. Ingredients tasted really fresh, and everything was flavorful. It took only 2 slices to fill up. We also ordered the chicken tenders--they weren't your average run-of-the-mill frozen tenders. They tasted very fresh and the batter used was great--crispy, flavorful and you could tell the chicken was real chicken. The pizza is a little on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for.
The margarita pizza in Sicilian style: dough is thick but soft, nice crispy bottom and side crust. Good amount of tomato sauce. Very filling.

Veggie pizza: good amount of veggies and not overly cheesy.
Cheese pizza: good amount of cheese.
Both has nice crust, not hard or dry.

Garlic Parmesan wings are delicious: the Parmesan gives an umami flavor. 

Chicken salad is pretty big. Good amount of chunky chicken. Chicken was juicy and tender.
I'm just gonna keep it 100 with yall, this was probably the best pizza and wings I've had all year. 

I was out for an evening of Axe throwing with my wife and friends and we needed some grub while we waited. I jumped on yelp and came across FSPC. Their yelp account had solid reviews and they just updated their facility, so in we went. 

The staff was super friendly and the food was PHENOMENAL! 

We got the margarita pizza and it was perfect. The ingredients were fresh and the crust was soft and crispy. It was an amazing combination of flavors!

Those wings though... Crispy, crunchy, meaty, and flavorful. Easily one of the best wings I've had in Philly. Whatever you're doing for dinner this week should definitely include checking out this place.
I think this place used to be Father and Son's Pizza? I remember the pizza being really good, but it was years ago so maybe it is not the same place. 

We got pizza from here last night and it was awful. We got a veggie pizza (it had canned veggies... Already the first failure) and a plain cheese. The veggie looked ok on top (besides the canned veggie), but was completely burned on bottom. Not just a little; it was black. The cheese was burned on top AND bottom. It was so unappetizing. 

The thing that gets me is, this is all their business. They make pizza. They know what they're doing. If you mess up and take a burned pizza out of the oven, you know it. Don't just put it in a box and give it to the customer like it's totally normal, so they don't find out until they get home! If you mess up, offer to make another one, or don't charge them. It's simple. 

This place might ordinarily make great pizza, but I won't be finding out.
This place is awesome! I order tomato pie here regularly and the pizza is delicious and they are quick even on busy weekend nights. The employees are always super friendly and the food is reasonably priced. What more could you ask for?
Ordered delivery: 20 garlic parmesan wings for me and my roomie. They were tasty, but too bad they were the tiniest wings we've ever had. Probably coulda had 20+ each...we had to order more food from somewhere else
Update: Loveddd our slices. Huge pieces with ricotta cheese that tasted perfect.

Well we got an order to-go and I did not pick up the food so the atmosphere and service which I normally rate can't be included in this review. I was told however the service was great very friendly and respecting privacy as my friends looked at al the pie options. This is a mom and pop shop not very new and exciting looking but not trying to be. 

The pizza is incredible and much better/fresh than remembered. I believe this is because we ordered a whole pie instead of slices. The crust is thin but not too thin, the sauce is WOW so much flavor, and although I love cheese the sauce stole the show here.

Really happy!
Garlic knots are small but very airy and not doughy. They are not swimming in melted butter either. The Romano cheese on top is perfect complement, very light and you can get addicted  to popping them in your mouth  . Don't forget to dip them in marinara.

Veggie quesadilla has lots of veggies and not too cheesy. Very delicious.

Chicken Caesar wrap is loaded with chicken. It has lots of pepper in it and a little bit too salty for me.
The margarita pizza is delicious. Fresh tomato sauce, not too acidic. Overall is not a heavy meal, I could easily eat several slices of those.

Ordering online is very convenient. Food came fast. Very friendly staff. 

Everyone was enjoying the spicy wings.
I've never bothered writing a Yelp review before but this place makes great pizza. Plain and simple. I'm very opinionated when it comes to pizza and not at all into the explosion of overpriced, pretentious "artisan" pizza that's all the rage these days. The price is right where I feel it should be. Thin and crisp crust, great sauce and just the right amount of cheese. The cookies and pies are fantastic as well. Give it a go!
Pizza is okay. Pricing is okay. Nothing to go crazy over even if the slices are large in size. You can skip and go to the pizzeria on Broad street near the Pearl if you don't mind extra travel time but it's not gunna kill you if you eat there.
First time coming to this pizzeria. The service was good but the pizza was not what I thought it would be you would think if they been around for 45 years that there pizza should be great instead it was burned and with no flavor.
PIzza was pretty decent, but they:
A) Forgot the extra marinara I asked and paid for
B) we're skimpy on the tomatoes
New owner... Same classic pizza joint with improvements.  Exactly what you want it to be... Try the chicken tenders, they're homemade, not frozen... Some kinda custom homemade seasoning and batter on them, the boss man will tell you all about it!
The best pizza, nicest people and the most friendly environment I could ask for. Come here once a week.
11 months ago I came in this business and was not pleased. Received a message from the business​ to give it another try . Glad I took his offer ! The service was great and the pizza was awesome! The size of there slice reminded me of a new York City pizza . The upgrade to this establishment looks so much better and the oven brick  was a plus! Looking forward to come again!
We came to Philly for a quick weekend and was blown away at the amazing food scene.  And for the must have delicious general Tso's chicken pizza and yes it was amazing!!!!!! Thank you to the kindness of the staff it made the experience even better!  A thank you for the birthday blessings!  We will be back!
We decided not to head back to Houston without getting pizza. My husbands from Philly, so this was a treat. The staff was friendly and the food was delicious-the wings had fresh Parmesan-what a surprise. I think they may be missing out on business because there's no signage-thank goodness for the directions given in the app.
After a long long day of work, I was really hungry. My boss told me about this place cause I was craving a sandwich. I decided to order the kitchen sink. Hey let me tell you, that sandwich was like something out of dream, a dream in which I was given the perfect sandwich at the end of a long work day. It was a great sandwich, really hit the spot. My boss paid for it so idk how good the price is, but taste, that was some next level stuff.
Finding great pizza it's like finding a golden ticket so when you stumble upon something that looks fantastic we got to go check it out.
From the outside this place in Fishtown is very unassuming but I did 
see pictures of their food and rave reviews. 

The inside is better than I expected and their Pizza oven was very legit. 
Wood-Fired and rotating with a beautiful dome. 
Friday night and no plans we figured let's go check it out. 

They have a plethora of slices you can choose from which I always like seeing. Not getting stuck buying just a whole pie . 
Their slices are huge, so we got three of them to split. They were happy to do it for us. 

We tried a margarita slice that was very tasty,sauce was top notch. 
Dough was perfect. 

We also tried the General Tso's , which is very unique. I enjoyed it very much had a little kick to it. The wife said not her favorite.

Lastly we tried a slice of their plain, which was really perfect. 

Since pizza is not enough, we split a cheesesteak. 
Meat was good well-seasoned and the roll was real soft and fresh. 
Overall it was good just not a ton of meat, but that's okay quality sometimes surpasses quantity. 

We also split an order of chicken fingers which they make fresh in house. That was the reason that intrigued me to begin with and they were excellent. Juicy, excellent breading,very well flavored. 
Came with a side of fries which were good but standard. 

I will definitely be hitting this place up again for sure. Place was jumping
and the staff was friendly. They were quick as well. 
Highly recommended this spot could not have been happier. Bravo!!!
Best delivery pizza in Fishtown. Just very solid, somewhere between the big cheesy pies of Franco's and the chewy softness of a Neopolitan.
This place is great! The service is always great from the person answering the phone to the delivery driver. The pizza is one of the best in the area; it's very rare that I order from anywhere else. Good prices, good service, and open late. You got mt vote!
Great pizza and place love the new updates!! They were actually doing something called "Car Pizza" which was to raise money for Puerto Rico after hurricane Maria. Gave me more of a reason to give a good review
Sometimes forget about this place and how great it is because there are a lot of good spots in the area. Great sauce-on-top pizza, and really good chicken fingers in particular. We recently had a delivery order that we had tried to plan to coincide with our arrival home from a day out. When we realized that wasn't going to work out because of a delay on our part, they were totally friendly and understanding and agreed to hold the delivery for almost an hour. Still arrived fresh and hot!
Great pizza and lemonade (when they have it). Owner is awesome and has been a cornerstone on Frankford Ave while the neighborhood is transitioning.
Slices are fairly large and the crust is pretty thin and crispy. The two slice lunch special with a soda is a great deal. 
General Tso's slice is fire!
Almost never give reviews when I order delivery, especially on busy nights, but I feel like they really let me down (and a lot of customers). 

Instead of letting customers know that their orders wouldn't be completed, they waited more than two hours past the original time to have ME call in first and ask what's happening, and they responded that it still was waiting to be made. Not even in the oven. Instead of canceling from their end, they told me to call and cancel it from my side so that they wouldn't be penalized, which was extremely sketchy and it seemed like the workers just didn't want it to be noted that it was the restaurants fault that they couldn't get the work done in time. The worker at the restaurant was also very unsympathetic that I was given a very wrong wait time and didn't cancel the order from her side.

This wasn't Grubhub's fault, but it definitely was the restaurant's.  The reviews for this place look great, they just couldn't stay on top of orders, and their customer service suffered a lot and they lost a potential customer. If they were honest with what they could and couldn't handle, then I could've ordered from another place and saved myself a 4 hours wait time and eating dinner at 11:30pm. The other pizza place had my pie done in 20 minutes.
Best delivery pizza in the neighborhood. Franco's used to be my go-to, but this is the real deal. I recommend the margherita pizza which comes with tomato sauce, sliced mozzarella, fresh basil, and parmesan cheese. They cook all of their pizzas in a brick oven and use only fresh ingredients. Next time I will try the homemade baklava. They also have huge slices for take-out.
Was really looking forward to trying Four Sons as I've heard some great things. Was sadly disappointed. 

We ordered a large cheese and an order of wings. The pizza was okay. Good flavor to the crust but a tad overcooked and overall nothing special. The pizza gets the stars for this review, the rest of my experience gets 0 stars. 

The wings...omg. I've never seen smaller wings than these ones. They were TINY! Also super overcooked. Completely inedible, both because of the fact that they were so overcooked and because there was barely any meat on them at all. I called the store immediately and they were super apologetic and nice and said they would refund me but I never ended up getting the refund.
So came back for a second try to see what was up with this place! Has good reviews so wanted to try the food this time instead of get delivery. I ordered online and when I came in to pick up, no one had started my order even though I had gotten a confirmation that it was accepted. When I looked at the prices on the menu, everything was 2-3$ higher online than on the menu, so I pretty much just paid extra for the sake of it, considering my food wasn't started when I came in. The slices look big in the glass case, the cookie was pretty soft and tasty, and the italian hoagie was pretty dry. Plus the mega fries were not big enough to be worth $7.50, although the taste was good.
Love love love love love love love! Fav spot in the neighborhood. Pizza slices for days. Delicious wings. Homemade deserts. Even cheesesteaks too.
We were visiting the Philly area and LOVED this place. The margherita and general tso pizzas were better than we expected! Staff was super helpful and we left with free dessert! 10/10!!
Overall good pizza. Bad fries though, maybe I got a bad batch but they were kind of soggy and needed more salt. I ordered through yelp and pizza came quickly and hot! The jumbo size pizza gave me and my 3 friends 2 slices each. The pepperoni was also nice, it had a lot of flavor and a kick of spice. Pizza was a little bit oily but that was probably from the pepperoni.  I would order from them again.
Great pizza spot if you are in the Fishtown area! Great standard pizzas and some cool specialty ones. The General Tso's pizza is really good!!
It seems they can't stay open because board of health shut em down. And they haven't been there very long. I'm not a big fan of bugs in my grub. Not cool
This experience must have been during an off day.  We ordered half chicken supremo and half sausage with onions and an order of wings.  

The pizza was good, but we wish we had more chicken supremo as whoever prepared this pizza made it more like 20/80 instead of 50/50. 

The garlic parmesan wing were also just ok.  We got a combo of flats, drums, and whole wings? Kind of weird but whatever. If the parmesan cheese shred dried and flaked off it was just like eating a breaded chicken wing. 

The general tso chicken from my previous review was awesome, this time missed the mark a bit.  I'll definately be back as this may just be a fluke/bad day given the current situation.
Delicious and Friendly Staff! 
Make an addition to your pizza and get ricotta scattered on your pizza pie.
A very busy pizza shop and the pizzas looked amazing.  Michael Myers etched into the window and a picture of Ice-T indicating which is the ice tea dispenser, very endearing.  The Cheesesteak was pretty much a standard pizza shop cheesesteak, maybe a touch better. I did like that the mushroom spent time on the grill so they weren't your typical pizza shop mushrooms on a cheesesteak.  Everyone including the customers were very polite.  I ate this Cheesesteak with Rich Shane of the Fermented Adventure while recording a Fermented Adventure podcast episode at Philadelphia Brewing Company.  I do enjoy eating my cheesesteaks at the Philadelphia Brewing Company.  I did not love the $10.50 cheesesteak price tag.  Good/very good overall experience.
Amazing pizza. Found this place here on yelp and had to try it. It beyond exceeded my expectations. The tomato pie is amazing and the other pizzas were great too. I ordered ahead for a specific time and delivery was right on time. I wish I lived closer so that I could get it more often. So good!
I come by every few months for a General Tso's Pizza.  It's the perfect go to on takeout night when you dont know if you want pizza or americanized chinese.  I'm not a huge fan of white pies but this ones a winner.  The brocolli gets nice and crispy and makes you feel a tad bit healthier as you're biting down on that tender chicken and sweet sweet sauce.

Maybe one day I'll get around to trying some other items, but for now, I'm perfectly content with this pizzafusion.
