Just popping in a little update to say: Oishii Poké is officially my favorite poke spot in Philly. This year, poké has become one of our go-to, healthy-enough takeout meals. We've tried and re-tried a handful of different spots around Philly, but Oishii tops them all. The bowls are always loaded and packed very nicely, and the ingredients are super fresh and flavorful. Last but definitely not least, our orders are accurate every time. Looking forward to continuing to support this great local biz this winter!
One year ago in Hawaii, I became a Sushi lover for the first time, and I jumped from not eating sushi to enjoying deconstructed sushi bowls,. 
Poké bowls are becoming the "it" food now; and it's taking over the East coast. 
Why? Because Poké bowls are healthy, speedy and shockingly simple (raw fish over rice).
Note: Poké bowl is a Hawaiian dish with strong Japanese influence. Also, Poké (pronounced "po-KAY"). 

I'm sure you already know the deal, but let me give you a short recap of Oishii Poke. 
- Like most poke places; you can either get the pre- created poke bowl "signature", or as I did, make up your own favorite Poké meal.
First: Pick a size. Regular $8.95 (mix 2 protein) or large $10.95 (mix 3 protein) with unlimited toppings. 
Next: Pick your Poké base. Bowl, burrito or salad. I'm so tempted to try the burrito next time.
Then: Pick your proteins. Raw (Ahi Tuna and Salmon), cooked (Boiled Shrimp, Crabmeat, Shrimp Tempura, Chicken,Tofu, Eel). I had Ahi Tuna, Salmon and boiled shrimp over white rice. Delicious, and not-too-fishy.
Finally: Pick your unlimited mix-ins and your sauce. Seriously, unlimited healthy mix-ins and toppings. You won't have to worrying about your hips & what might happen below the waist.
Last: Pick your unlimited toppings, and don't forget to add some crunch, and you'll be set.
- Really inexpensive and very filling portions. %15 your entire purchase, when you check-in yelp.
- Quite possibly the new chipotle in town, but healthier and totally worth the short wait- if any.
- Super nice staff.
- Bring cash just in case. The day I went, their card payment machine was down. 

Four Yelps.
We've ordered delivery from Oishii twice in recent weeks, and had great meals both times. I customized a tuna poke bowl for each order, and the only difference was that I ordered a large bowl for our dinner order and a regular bowl for lunch. The only difference between the two bowls seemed to be more rice in the larger one, so I'd likely stick to the regular-sized bowl in the future. All ingredients were very fresh and instructions were followed. I'm a fan!
Owner was extremely stingy with portions. He scooped 3-4x because the preceding portions were too large. There's also a 10 dollar min for credit cards. He kept telling the cashier to make sure I gave them cash in Chinese because my total came to 9 dollars and something. 
It was an unpleasant experience. Salmon was dry probably from staying out too long. 
Definitely will not be returning. Way too many options in the city for me to compromise so many things. 

Source: big fan of poke bowls. Had several in Hawaii and Cali.
FINALLY!!! Hawaii has come to Philadelphia!! I had the great opportunity to live in Hawaii for a few years and to this day, the thing I miss most is the FOOD! Poke is my absolute favorite Hawaiian food, I spent many times on the beach with a pound of fresh poke and some chopsticks. Just the thought of poke brings me back to that amazing time in my life, it is so nostalgic for me.

My best friend here in Philly I actually met almost 10 years ago when we both lived in Hawaii so we kept saying we gotta try one of these new poke places together. Finally made it to Oishii last night for a pit stop. Oishii had a great menu with lots of different options. Honestly though, it's more like a poke salad and there's nothing wrong with that. When I think poke, I think just cubed ahi tossed in seasonings and shoyu - boom, done. 

We were originally going to get the Hawaiian Classic until I read the menu and realized that was actually salmon lol so we got the Oishii Ahi instead. It was fantastic! The warm rice and the cold ahi worked so well together and all of the toppings made this bowl delicious! I would've like to have more ahi in it though :)  We got the large portion and there were 3 of us going to town on it, it was the perfect snack to split before we went to actual dinner. My third friend had never had poke before and she loved it too! So overall it was a win for us :)

They've got a great menu with some sushi burritos on it as well. I frequent Hai Street Kitchen so love the sushi burrito concept, I will have to give these a try at some point. Great spot here, so glad to have finally nomed on some delicious poke I've missed all these years!
OMG, I LOVE THIS PLACE! Food, atmosphere, staff = 5 stars, all around!

I got the Hawaiian Classic Bowl on my first visit and after taking some very necessary pictures of the amazing presentation, I dove in. To put it simply, everything was just delicious. The salmon was melt in your mouth good, the mango was fresh and sweet, and the honey wasabi and spicy aioli added just the right amount of spice and zest without overpowering the fresh seafood, veggies, and fruit. If you choose to make your own bowl - I highly recommend adding mango and the honey wasabi! I heard some people customize their bowls and almost all of them chose these two add-ins. Sounds like those are some staples! 

The establishment is clean and in great condition with a small dining area (by small I'm talking just a few tables). They have free WiFi and some outlets near the tables making it a good place to have a healthy and quick meal while browsing the internet, shooting out some emails, or (like me) posting pictures of your poke on social media! ;)

The staff is welcoming and very friendly. The two girls working when I walked in were so bubbly with such great attitudes! They made sure I got exactly what I wanted and kept a smile on their face the entire time. 

Some things to note:
1) $10 minimum for cards! My regular size bowl cost me just below $10 so make sure you bring cash accordingly.
2) They do not give free cups of water - you must purchase a water bottle (I believe this was a recent change). If you want to save some bucks, bring your own water bottle and they'll fill it up for you!
3) They have vegan options! :)

I highly recommend checking this place out if you want a healthy, fresh, quick, and affordable meal. I personally feel like I'm going to become an Oishii Poke regular!
Impression: I thought it was just Atlanta that was going through a Poke craze, but Philly has a few across town too. In downtown, Oishii is one of them. Prices were reasonable and you can make your own bowl from scratch which is what I like b/c sometimes a set menu can give you the pressure of trying a combination you may not be a fan of. 

Cutesy tip: they can take your polaroid and then hang it on a cute wall of other polaroids- I thought that was a fun thing they did that your group should totally try! 

Meats: 
You can choose from chicken, spicy tuna, salmon, or normal tuna. For rice you can choose fried rice or sushi rice. 

Toppings included masago, onions, peppers, corn, ice berg lettuce, radish, and some other goodies. 

Sauces:
For sauce there is oyster /mushroom sauce, wasabi, ponzu sauce, and a few others. If you are going for something salty or more robust in flavor, then I recommend the ponzu or the mushroom/oyster. Wasabi gives you that nose tingling effect but not much other flavor. 

Price: For its 9.99$ price, it is not a bad proportional size. 

Service/Ambiance: It's a very quiet place for a place in Chinatown Philly- but we went at an earlier time so maybe it's that way but it seems quieter than most places here in CHinatown to me, so if you want a good quiet place this is it. It's a chill vibe- no fancy decorations but has a cute wall of polaroids. service was friendly and cheerful
My obsession with Poke bowls continues this time in Philly!  All my Poke experiences are reviewed on a scale against each other.  I can honestly say that this place ranks in the top

The portions are plentiful, the ingredients fresh and the prices are just right.  Each standard Poke Bowl has a choice of two proteins (and they don't skimp on either).  And there are a good number of add-ons to chose from (uncharge for Avocado). We ordered the Regular size bowl and the portion size was filling.  

The interior is clean and offers a few tables for a dine-in option.  The service was quick and friendly. And, if you still have room after your Poke, you can go next door for some Ice Rolls.  A neat concept, but a bit over priced in my opinion for ice cream.

Note:  Minimum $10 purchase required for Credit Card.
Finally got a chance to eat here.

Here is my honest review.
This is my first time trying this Sushi Burrito phenomenon, I love authentic Japanese food so I told myself I might not like it.. Well I was wrong. I ordered a Sushi burrito and the rice was just perfect! Not too little not too much! The service is great and they will answer all of your questions! The place itself it not huge so bringing a huge group might be a little problem.

It's not authentic Japanese but I like it! Pretty good concept! Will go again and try something else in the menu
If you want a great quality poke bowl, and don't want to pay an arm and a leg like some other poke places in Philly, you need to visit Oishii Poke. 

Oishii Poke is a little slice of Hawaii, in China Town! OK, more like Japanese fusion than Hawaii, but hey, I can pretend, because the sushi is that good. 

Poke bowl is the way to go.. there's not that many amazing poke bowls in Philly, for this price of $9 (medium). They also have sushi burritos, which is on par to the great ones at Hai Street Kitchen. But what Oishii Poke has that the others don't, is cheap prices!  and more toppings! for no extra price!! 

I got a poke bowl with ahi tuna (pick tuna, salmon, crab, shrimp, or combo). You get unlimited mix-ins!  Other places limit you to 4, but Oishii Poke lets you fill up your bowl with whatever you want! I got rice, lettuce, carrots, corn, mango, edamame, seaweed salad, cucumber, ginger, and tempura crunchies. Topped with creamy wasabi sauce, it was amazing.  My only reason for 4 stars instead of 5, is avocado was 1.75 extra, which i think is too much. I would pay an extra 1.00 for a few slices, but 1.75 was just enough to make me forgo. 

Overall, great Poke, great toppings, and great prices!!
What a difference a week makes.

I'm from california so I'm no stranger to poke. 
When I heard philadelphia was finally getting on the craze, I had to try it and I have had the place twice since opening.

The first time on opening day, they were good. I'm not expecting sushi restaurant quality fish but the quality was not bad.The variety of sides was welcome and the 15% off was a nice touch. The staff was acceptably nervous and I chalked it up to opening day.

So why 2 stars? Let's just say my 2nd visit a week later was poor. 

I ordered a regular size that comes with 2 scoops. What I got was one scoop. 5 cubed pieces of fish is not worth 8.95. Every topping I added was literally 1/3 of a spoonful.  Either they are already trying to cost cut 1 week into opening, or the worker is poorly trained, but that's unacceptable for a new restaurant. 

To give you perspective, 8.95 in cali gives you 3 FULL scoops of fish with sides and avocado  included. 11.95 gives you 5 full scoops. Way way way more generous than here.

I understand, this is philly pricing but I can't help but feel ripped off. I want this place to succeed: a good poke place in chinatown is good for everyone. I'll pay the extra $ to have poke available. But if you're going to advertise 2-3 scoops of fish, give your customer an actual scoop each time. 

It doesn't bode well that the quality dropped this dramatically in a week. Here's to hoping this was a fluke and they work things out.
Move over Hai Street, there's a new sushirrito place in town! Oishii Poke's "poke burritos" (i.e. sushirritos) are way better than Hai Street Kitchen's. The ingredients are fresher, especially the salmon, their rice is warm and not stale, and their sauces aren't as heavy/overpowering. Their menu is pretty simple/straightforward - you can order a poke bowl, a poke burrito, or a poke salad. All of them are $8.95 for a regular, and $10.95 for a large. 

I ordered the Hawaiian classic, which includes salmon, avocado, fish roe, mangoes, and other fresh veggies! The fish was so fresh, as were the veggies. I really enjoyed the mango - it was unexpected, but added the perfect dash of sweetness to the burrito. They're able to pack a lot even in a regular sized burrito! I really love the variety of fillings they have available. You can tell that they are dedicating to providing fresh, wholesome ingredients, which I appreciate. I didn't order a bowl this time, but I will be next time - there are so many interesting toppings to choose from, like crunchy lotus chips!

The venue is small w/o a lot of seating, so during peak meal times, prepare to get take-out. Staff is reasonably friendly and efficiently make your food right in front of you! I personally didn't think they were stingy with their portions. Of note, there is a $10 credit card minimum, so make sure you have some cash on hand!
My Go to spot for poke.   Service is 5 stars.  It's the perfect place to order your dinner after a long day of work.  If only they had curve side pick up.
Fast casual Hawaiian style. 

This place gives a whole new meaning to to usual bowl/wrap/salad options. All of the ingredients are extremely fresh. The flavors (even in January) come through so vibrantly that you may think you're eating this on an island. 

Large portions for only $8.95. As many mix ingredients as you want. Only price add on is avocado for a whopping $1.75. 

There's one other place to get authentic Pokè in Philly and outside of the city there next available is possibly a city away so if you're craving that delicious Japanese Hawaiian fresh fusion, check this place out ASAP.
Had a 6-hr layover in Philly yesterday so we decided to have a quick trip to downtown. We both ordered small diy bowl. Brown rice was warm and chewy. Sashimi was fresh. I love the selections of dressings and crunchy toppings. Price and portion were perfect. We left with a satisfied belly.

Drop two stars because of the cashier. My mom does not read English so I had to translate everything on the menu. The cashier was staring at us indifferently all the time until another staff gave us a menu in Chinese! What's funnier was we overheard she spoke Chinese later! I was like if you do not want to speak Chinese with us, at least give us a Chinese menu, right?! Maybe I am wrong but I think she treats people differently. Not cool.
Maybe I've been so spoiled by Cali delicious food that nothing can beat cali's style. I ordered the Oishii Ahi and I totally didnt see that they add honey wasabi in it. I thought my bowl tasted pretty good until I completely mixed everything together and took a couple of bites. 

Okay, I'm fine with wasabi, but the guy the made my bowl totallyyyyy overdid it on the honey wasabi sauce. Every bite that I took, I can feel that uncomfortable pain from the wasabi going up my nose. Not even exaggerating because my bf tried it and his reaction was the same. I had to buy a bottle of water because I couldnt handle the strong wasabi taste. All I tasted was the wasabi. Lesson learned to read the menu carefully but I think the people that make the poke bowls should ask people how much sauce they want in it instead of drenching it. Same goes to the poke spot in Northern Liberties. I couldnt finish my bowl so my bf helped me with it. He didnt like it either.
I arrived from NYC into downtown and was hungry, looking for something different but healthy. Always wanted to try these Poke bowls. Took the Hawain one with Tuna, Mango and salmon. This tasted so good  and I was still hungry so I created one myself with tuna, salmon and spicy tuna. Total came to 18$ which is good for the qualify and freshness of food. I am sold on Poke's now.
Oishii Poké was my first experience with poké outside of Hawaii, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect. I was looking for a relatively healthy dinner option, so I figured I would try it out. You can either select a regular or large signature bowl or build your own bowl. With each signature bowl, there are absolutely no substitutions or additions, or else it immediately becomes a build your own bowl, and you are charged at that price point instead. I ordered the Hawaiian Classic, which is a salmon based bowl with veggies (including avocado), spicy mayo, and honey wasabi. I enjoyed my meal, but the serving size felt a little small, and I was still a little hungry after eating. With so many other better options for a quick meal in Chinatown, I'm not sure I would return in the future.
This is probably one of my favorite poke places to go. The staff are so kind & always willing to help you with your options.
It's about time I write this review... 

I come here at least ONCE A WEEK. 

what I get on the regular 
Create A Bowl- Reg Bowl
-white rice
-spicy salmon & spicy tuna
-onions, corn, cilantro
-spicy aioli sauce 
-crab salad, tobiko, sesame seeds, radish
-onion crisps, lotus chips, seaweed flakes 

This combo is my absolute favorite!  
If you are ever craving poke then go try them out, they won't disappoint!!!!
I literally want to eat here every day. In town for a conference at the convention center, and Oishii Poke is right around the corner, which made it perfect for a fast, affordable, convenient lunch during the break. I was initially torn between their suggested poke bowls and making my own, but I opted for the latter, to ensure that I got to try all of the flavors I wanted to try. (Spicy tuna, crab, cucumber, onions mango, cilantro, seaweed salad, tobiko, avocado, honey wasabi and spicy aoli over a bed of crisp lettuce.) It was amazing. The fish was super, super fresh, with that perfect spicy-ness of the tuna. The veggies were crisp and bright-tasting, and the sauces added a perfect complexity of flavor, without being overbearing. 

I loved that I could order this as a salad, as it felt like an affordable, light lunch, leaving me plenty of room for dinner. I may legitimately go back while I'm still in town. Absolutely worth the trip.
I don't love it, but I don't hate it. I guess if I were craving a poke bowl, I'd stop by Oishii Poke since the prices are pretty fair and it's in Center City. 

I stopped by since I saw that Oishii Poke was finally open after weeks of just having a "coming soon" sign. I've been wanting to try poke again after my Hawaii trip a couple years ago. When I walked in, I was immediately greeted by the store employees who all patiently waited while I looked at all of the food options before I decided to make my own poke bowl.

The process is similar to Chipotle-- you selected rice or salad, the type of protein, sides, toppings, and then a sauce. I went with the regular sized bowl with salmon and tuna, basically added every topping, and had half spicy aioli and half sweet chili as my sauce. 

Some pros: The fish I got was fresh, and they added a good amount of it. They even had the option of choosing brown rice! 

Some cons: The bowl looked pathetically empty by the time they finished putting toppings in it. While I was full after eating it, the large bowl just made everything look a lot smaller. Additionally, the scoops they use for the toppings are so tiny. If I hadn't gotten almost everything, the rice would've still been exposed. The worst part of my bowl was how soggy it was. I'm not quite sure if it was the amount of toppings I used, but it was not fun eating at all. They definitely overdid it on the sweet chili sauce, making my bowl not only super soggy, but also super sweet--- two things that basically killed my bowl.

Overall, I'm still unsure about Oishii Poke. If I ever come back, I'll probably forgo the extremely sweet chili sauce and keep an eye out for soggy toppings.
The sushi burrito was good overall. It was tasty. The burrito can be rolled a little tighter. It was falling apart while I was eating it. It was also a bit too wet from too much sauce being put on it.
I had my first Poke Bowl, and it was just okay. I'm not into raw seafood, so the girl behind the counter recommended some cooked items. I tried the yummy crabby thinking it would be real crab. However, when i saw the cold imitation crab sticks on their set up counter. I knew, I wasn't getting real crab meat plus this establishment does not have ice for their beverages. A total bummer. The flavors were good though, and I like the aioli sauce.
We were craving for Poke on a Sunday night after 9pm and came here since our usual spot Poke Bowl in Northern Liberty was closed. The overall experience wasn't satisfying. Food wise, the salmon looked okay, but the tuna looked quite soggy and unappetizing so both me and my boyfriend stayed away from it. Here you would be given "small" and "large" options which means 2 proteins and 3 proteins (while at Poke Bowl it's 3 and 5 proteins). The guy who made my poke bowl was quite polite, but the 2 scoops of salmon were in fact 2 half empty scoops (while at Poke Bowl, the guy would scoop 3 times and try his best to compress as much fish as possible into one scoop). The variety of toppings wasn't a lot, and there wasn't mango or pineapple. Both places charge additional money for avocado, while Poke Bowl charges $1, this place charged $1.75 for a same sized (if not less) scoop. They also put an excessive amount of sauce on top of my boyfriend's bowl without asking him, while at Poke Bowl the girl would always ask you and you would have the option to have the sauce on the side. I ordered something from the set menu that night but the guy forgot about my order and still asked me what toppings would I want, then suddenly remembered and laughed it off. 

The store itself is somewhat spacious with quite a few sets of tables and chairs, but none of the tables was equipped with soy sauce or togarashi.

The store also sells sushi burrito and salad apart from Poke. I guess although the place is called "Oishii Poke" -- in Japanese "yummy Poke" -- it is in fact still just a Japanese/Asian fusion place owned by non Japanese, though Poke is somewhat Hawaiian. While they have all the ingredients, simply mushing rice and raw fish together into different shapes of roll or bowl equals to neither good Japanese fusion nor Hawaiian Poke. The job was done so badly and carelessly and it made me even feel mad. I guess Poke is something trendy now in the city and it's quite understandable to jump in this business. It would just be better to understand and respect what you are actually doing, instead of just copying a model superficially and serve everything below average.

I swear that we are not going back there again.
Finally tried a poke burrito and I'm sad I waited so long to do so!  I thought it would be a gimmicky food item which was over-hyped, but it was delicious and I'm already looking forward to the next one.

I tried the Hawaiian Classic which I would definitely recommend.  Great mix of flavors and they didn't skimp on the salmon.  For a Large, my total came to $12 and change including tax & tip.

Look for the rice "printer" towards the back left when you are facing the counter - it deposits a perfect sheet of sushi rice onto the nori.  Cool device to watch the employees use.

I ended up taking about 1/4 of my poke burrito home, and it was just as delicious after being in the fridge for a couple of hours.  The great thing about a poke or sushi wrap compared to other types of wrap is there's no bread, so it doesn't soggy.

Certainly a place I want to come back to.
Interesting attempt. The ingredients are fairly fresh, the rice is decent, and the sauces are actually awesome! However, this place comes a little short in execution. The burrito I ordered was a little loose, this could be due to the nice helping of ingredients in my number 2, ahi tuna, but also the ingredients inside aren't evenly distributed! Some bites there is a decent melody of flavor masked by onions, and in others there's just lettuce or my favorite, a nice large heaping of wasabi! My sinuses are clear! I hope they learn that presentation and execution are important or this establishment will continue to operate under the radar.
I love this place. I always get the Hawaiian bowl. I went to poke bowl in northern liberties and it made me appreciate oishii even more. The portion here is much bigger and the flavor is much better. Everything is fresh and flavored well.
Not bad but would prefer going to Poke bowl in Northern Liberties. Size is smaller and fish was just okay fresh. They also charge extra for avocado but they give you so little for it. Flavors were okay in general.
I tried their Hawaiian salmon burrito the other day, it was really yummy!!  I will go back to try out other flavors
Came here on a Saturday night for some quick and not so heavy meal. This is at a convenient place in chinatown near the bus stations. 

I got the make your own poke bowl with unlimited toppings. I chose the large tuna, salmon and tempura with white rice which tasted fresh. Loved the unlimited toppings. 

There are several tables to sit. Buy two poke bowls get a free miso soup. Definitely would come back if I'm in Philly.
Fresh ingredients, great portions, friendly service! I thought poke bowl opening in NoLibs was great, now that this place is open in my hood (Chinatown) my life is complete. I like this place not just because of the location, but because of the good sized portions and service. This place is set up like a chipotle but the people helping me make my selection were so sweet and friendly! It's only flaw is in presentation but honestly I'm going to be eating here so much I don't even care.
Stopped by and ordered the yummy crab burrito. It was good, I was hoping it was going to be a little more on the spicy side since it had the orange sauce. It was a little small side when I think burrito, I was still hungry afterwards.
I walk by Oishii Poké every day after work and I regret that I waited so long to stop in and try it. 
I love sushi and I love burritos so I decided to do the Ebi Crunch burrito which has shrimp tempura, crabmeat, edamame, romaine lettuce, red onion, cucumber, white rice and spicy aioli all wrapped up in nori. It was absolutely delicious and the ingredients tasted fresh. I made a mess trying to take bites big enough to get the combination of all of the flavors together. Definitely worth trying the burrito once, but next time I'm going for a bowl. Overall I recommend Oishii Poké. It is a clean, handicap accessible establishment, with friendly staff and yummy fresh food.
This place could not be better. The portions are generous, the fish is fresh, and there is a wide range of healthy and exciting toppings. I made a "salad bowl" with something like 20 ingredients, including raw salmon, cooked eel, seaweed, tons of veggies, mango, and more. If you order a large bowl and add in some rice, this would be enough food to keep you full all day. In my opinion, with the high quality of the food here, each bite is worth every penny!
I really loved this place. Usually when I go out to sushi I always have to roger more than one role because it's not enough so the idea of getting a sushi burrito is amazing. Their vegetarian option had tofu in it and they let you get as many sauces as you want which is amazing bc I love my spicy mayo. I am definitely going to be going back to this place. Super quick, yummy, and filling.
Small space, sleek and simple design, good standard poke place! 

I made my own poke bowl, with 3 scoops of protein (2 scoops of salmon, 1 scoop of tuna), and a ton of extra toppings, sprinkled with ponzu sauce. I was very pleased with the selection of toppings offered, but agree with others that the amount of protein in one scoop was less than I had expected. 

I'd come again, though I'm still on the hunt for a poke place that blows me out of the water.
Where else can you turn sushi into a 100% custom selected bowl of deliciousness for $10?!
Move over qdoba, burritos are out and poke is in

Pros: 
-seafood quality is fresh, no fishy smell, melts in your mouth with little chewing required
-you design your meal from the base to the protein to the toppings, sauce and "crunchies "
-once you pass the protein, all toppings are free and endless
-they have a lettuce option if you are gluten free or in the mood for a sushi salad
-bowls are huge, small vs large is just the amount of protein you get. A small is more than enough for 2 meals for me 
-I don't know anywhere to get the same quality of ingredients in these amounts for this price

Cons:
-staff was dismissive and annoyed when we asked for double seaweed salad
-a small bowl costs $9.67 but there is a $10 minimum for credit cards. Just make the small bowl $10 with tax instead giving us a hard time for. It having cash and then stating you are unable to ring us up for $10 unless we spend $10
We stumbled upon this place as we were looking for something quick and healthy for lunch on our way to a weekend gateway. Both of us got poke bowl build your own and it was probably the best poke bowl I have ever had. The ingredients were really fresh and there were variety to choose from. I highly recommend this place and can't wait to go back again soon.
I was a frequent customer of this place until last night. I ordered a large bowl and found a staple in my mouth after taking a bite. I tried to think of ways it could have possibly gotten in there after I received it, but it's not possible. I called them to let them know, and the woman on the phone was extremely rude about it. Not only was she unapologetic in any way, but she said they have had several complaints from customers about finding staples in their food, and that it was impossible that they did it. Wouldn't you think if you've had several complaints about this issue that it's possibly something on your end? Or after the first or second complaint, maybe make sure bags aren't being stapled near open containers of food? She then said they would not refund me for the bowl, since it was "impossible". Honestly, what really just lost me as a customer is how rude they were about the situation, even if you did not believe it happened on your end, a simple sorry that happened goes a long way instead of being rude. I called GrubHub and they were extremely empathetic and refunded me. Never ordering from here again.
This is my favorite poke spot in town!  
Whoever thought of this concept is my hero!

They offer three options: rice bowl, salad bowl and  burrito.  I have yet to order a sushi burrito but they looked tightly wrapped and delicious.  

The produce is all fresh and well taken care of.  I seen them slice fresh avocado, not keeping too much out at once.  [Lettuce, chopped mango, cucumber, red onion, kani salad, tobiko, etc]

The star of the show.....salmon, tuna and crab stick, well they are tasty! Sometimes I get sushi that is too cold or too warm.  Here was just right!  The crab stick is soft and falls apart.  

Then to finish they have lots of sauces (ponzu, wasabi, etc) and crunch topping (lotus chips (the bomb), chopped peanut, nori slivers, etc).  

A perfect lunch!  I can't wait for tomorrow!  You can scoot right into the 30min loading zone on Arch or order via Grub Hub or Caviar.  

See you soon Oishii!!
I absolutely love this place! The sushi burritos are delicious, and all the ingredients taste fresh. The staff are friendly and polite. There are tons of options to customize your meal, but their regular menu is also great. Highly recommend!
Delicious and afforable sushi burrito or poke bowls in Philly! I am more of a poke bowl fan than sushi burrito but i am sure those are great there as well. The poke bowls come with the base of rice and/or salad and you get to pick your protein. I usually go with salmon and the portions are very generous here (which is great!!). Then you get unlimited toppings so go crazy with your creation. The toppings are great as well - they have a good selection of veggies (and even mangos) and toppings. The price for a regular poke bowl comes to $9.50 which is below their $10 minimum to use a credit card so bring cash!
It's always good and solid choice. Honestly my favorite quick poke bowls in the city. Good price and plenty of toppings.
Been craving a sushi burrito for such a long time and this place was great! 

I got the large sushi burrito, with tuna/salmon/spicy tuna, along with various toppings. I was recommended the spicy aioli as the sauce. Overall, the burrito was good! They also have a large selection of toppings to add- my favorites being the seaweed salad and crab. 

My main critiques would be how the sauce provided most of the flavor throughout the burrito and how I would have appreciated the fish to shine through a bit more. I wish the burrito was a little bit bigger with more generous fish servings! Lastly, the seaweed wrap was a bit too soft/moist since it was hard to bite through and didn't mildly crunch. 

Will for sure come back to try their poke bowls!
Oishii Poké is near where I live so it's always just an easy place to stop for something quick and relatively healthy. I usually always get the same order, a "make your own" with a salad base in size large (large gives you 3 scoops of protein). With tax, my meal is about $11. 

What I love about this place is that you get to pick an unlimited amount of toppings and sauces for your meal. It's rare that a place is that generous in Center City. Other poké places I've been to in the area will give you very minimal for the price they charge and the options are also usually a lot more limited. I also have a big appreciation for the people that work there. One woman that works there has come to recognize me from my frequent nights of not wanting to make dinner and she not only greets me with such a warm welcome, but she's pretty much memorized my order so that it's already started as I walk in, haha. I need to catch her name so that I can give her a shoutout in this review, but she's my definition of good customer service. 

My typical meal is a large salad with 1 scoop of boiled shrimp and 2 scoops of salmon (raw). I top it with cucumber, edamame, carrot, mango, corn, seaweed salad, crab salad, tobiko, and wonton crisps. My sauces are eel sauce and spicy aioli sauce. The result is absolutely delicious. This place is definitely worth my $11.
A poke restaurant has come to central Philadelphia, and the result is truly impressive. I've been here three times now and have had the Hawaiian Classic (salmon) and the tuna bowl once. All of their bowls start off with fresh, well-seasoned sushi rice, then are generously filled with a variety of nice toppings like mango, seaweed salad, tobiko, and avocado. The fish here is generally nice quality, and I always feel like the fish-to-everything-else ratio is quite well balanced. All bowls are topped with a piece of fried lotus root, which provides some nice crunch in the bowls. Beyond the toppings and fish, most bowls also include one or two of their sauces, which include flavors like soy ginger and spicy mayo. These sauces are similar to what you might expect from a sushi restaurant, but the flavor here is a bit stronger and more interesting than the simple flavors you might find a run-of-the-mill sushi roll topped with. The sauces, I think, really bring the bowl together, because they meld all of the distinct flavors in the bowl into a complete and very tasty sushi bowl. If you really like the sauces, you can ask for more. Similarly, if you're not keen on spicy mayo, I may recommend asking for less than is standard, as I've had one salmon bowl that felt saturated with spicy mayo once.

Overall, if you're looking for a good sushi-style meal in Chinatown, I encourage you to try Oishii Poke.
Was here for dinner in Philly for a day trip, when we walk in there was no customers at 8pm on a Saturday night, so we were like should we stay or leave, but we decided to stay since everyone is tired.  To our surprise everything was fresh including the fish.  The rice was not to dry or soft which is what I like.  Would recommend if anyone likes raw fish and staff were all friendly!!
A coworker and I popped in for lunch and it was delicious. I got a DIY bowl and she got a DIY burrito, both were super fresh and super addictive! The space was clean and airy, the workers were very friendly making for an overall enjoyable experience. We are already making plans to go back, this place is such a little gem!
Simply amazing. You can get the food as a burrito or Poke bowl. You get a good portion and its very affordable
I frequent Oishii Poke fairly often but I am disappointed to say that my experiences have been getting worse and worse with each trip. The ingredients are fresh and the food is delicious, but they are becoming far too stingy with their portion sizing and shorting bowls. On my most recent trip, I was quite literally given a half-full "Large" size bowl (see pictures). For nearly $12, this is absolutely unacceptable. I understand that mistakes happen occasionally, but this has unfortunately become a recurring trend with this establishment. Please work on remedying this or you will have lost another customer.
Everything is fresh. Young cool vibe. Everything on the menu is freshly prep daily. It's simple fast and self explanatory. You could get their specialty bowls or customize your own. Pricing is a little high. About $9 to $11 depending on the size and what you add in. But all around not bad. Nice fast service. Simple not confusing at all
I would say this is comparable to Poke works. They don't have as many options, but their flavoring is definitely there. I got a poke burrito: tuna, salmon, and eel. The total came to $12 and for the size of it, it's definitely worth it. Out of all the poke places I've been to, whether it's in Ohio, NY, GA, or VA, this place is on my top 3 of fresh tasting poke. Their fish is so fresh, I didn't taste anything fishy. Also, they have lotus chips! That's a plus in my book. They have a machine that rolled out the exact amount of rice, because who wants a burrito with mostly rice anyways. Gotta get the most bang for your buck.

Also, there's a $13 minimum, or around that price.
Oishii Poke is a pretty good and casual place to grab a quick meal. There are various options that you can get a Poke Bowl or a Poke Burrito in. The protein and veggies are very fresh. However the portion size is pretty small for a $8-$10 meal. I've been to other sushi burrito places, like Hai Kitchen, where I came out satisfied with the taste, price, and portion. This place leaves me a little empty in my stomach.
This place just opened, and I had to give it a try.
I'm a big sushi fan, but I've never had anything quite like what their menu offers. That said, I decided to go with the Ebi Crunch, and had it as a burrito, seeing as how I was not bold enough to create my own just yet.
There was an initial wonder at seeing sushi the size of an actual burrito, but once that past I realized I might enjoy eating it this way FAR more than I ever did regular rolls.
Their portions were spot on, and I'd say it was filled to perfection. Everything tasted fresh, and the meal was very filling. I will definitely be going back to try out mixing up my own ideas next time.
The workers here were also extremely polite, and I felt very welcomed, despite my utter ignorance to the type of menu they had here. Looking foreword to many work lunches here in the future.
I have been here a total of 3 times, and I have not been disappointed once. You get a large amount of food for a great price. I have tried three of the specialty bowls and each of them have been very different but very good. All of the ingredients are fresh, and all the sauces are very flavorful. The servers are generous with all the ingredients as well. The only reason I did not give this place a 5 is because I thought the rice:meat proportion was a bit too high for my liking. The last time I ate here I was not able to finish all of the rice.
Best Poke in Philly. They even have an option of eel as a protein which I've never seen at any poke place I've been to before. The ingredients are fresh, the portions are wonderful, and the prices are reasonable. I've yet to try the sushi burrito they are known for, but if the poke bowl is any indication, I have no doubt the burrito is fantastic.
Oishii Poke is a decent poke bowl stop. While I don't think the proteins are THAT fresh or high quality (tuna is so-so), they have a lot of great unlimited toppings.
The bowls seems to be a bigger portions than the burrito. I think the bowls are the perfect amount of food.
I like that you can mix your own toppings and get as much as you want. You can get a lot of great textures and flavors.
The staff is very friendly and helpful. Clean restaurant.
Overall, it's a good deal and easy place to get a meal. I do think there are better poke places, but this one is okay and I would return.
Growing up in Orange County, I love poke and was excited about this place opening up nearby. I'm sure it'll get better since its a new business, but the service was horrible and the food was sub par and the amount of protein (fish) was ridiculously small. The guy didn't even fill the little scooper he was using up. It was basically 2 tablespoons of fish and I had to add vegetables so I wouldn't be left with just a bowl of rice. Definitely not worth the price. 

Basically everyone that works there is a teenager. My friends and I waited ten minutes while they held up the line to talk to their friends. There were six people working behind the counter. I do not understand why no one could take our order while the two guys flirted with their school mates. 

As there are so many places to go nearby, we will not be returning. I guess this food is acceptable if you've never had poke before, but the service was such a huge issue. 

1 star for having brown rice.
I'm going to give this place two stars because the workers there were pretty nice. BUT they were so stingey about all the fixins it was pretty annoying. I'm sure it's not them, it was how they were trained but give me a break. $10, give me some veggies at least. It seemed like the girl was counting how many shreds of carrot she was giving me. What do carrots cost in Chinatown? A nickel? Put those tweezers away, grab some tongs and load me up on some carrots.  It was the same for all the toppings. Cucumbers, lettuce, Edamame... Not worth it.  $10 for a snack. No thanks.
Finally they have Hawaiian Poke at Chinatown! 
I didn't know before, I thought it just a bento or just a sushi place. 
Well, they don't have many choice of fish or salad. But they do have a brown rice! But I just order the salad. The size is perfect right. But wonder why we need to pay more for avocado :( 
And the things that I like is they have a crispy topping! 
The staff are nice too & they still have the 15% off when you check in from Yelp. They told to come back there again, I said yes I will! "I'll be back!!"
Light, fresh, but not filling.

I went for dinner with my friends; we ordered two build your own bowls and one sushi burrito. Mine was a salmon and tuna bowl with salad base. I really enjoyed the build you own bowl option as it allowed for customization. 

As for the food itself, I would probably give it four stars. The fish were not marinated in any sauce, so it was a little bland. The wasabi flavored sauces were very spicy - a little overpowering; I'd recommend the ponzu sauce.

In addition, although the meal was clean and refreshing, it was definitely not enough. The portions are pretty small, and we ended up going to another restaurant right afterwards to eat a second meal.
Friendly staff. Great prices and large portions! I've been waiting for this to hit the east coast and am so so so happy about it.
We have been waiting for this place to open for weeks,  and it definitely did not disappoint. The serving size is larger than other poke places I have been to,  and the ingredients are fresh. The ponzu sauce is a great salad dressing and I will have to try it on other salads at home. I have been back multiple times.
I visited for the first time today and built my own poke bowl. The ingredients were white rice, tuna, crabmeat, lettuce, edamame, corn, seaweed salad, tobiko, seaweed, and fish flakes. I opted out of having one of the menu's dressings poured over the bowl and instead requested sesame oil. I also requested soy sauce, which was given to me in a small packet. 

The ingredients were fresh and tasty. I really loved the bowl and thought the price was reasonable for the overall portion. 

My only gripe: I think the staff is trained to practically count the number of tuna cubes they place in the bowl, and the amount of tobiko I was given was really sad. I understand the business needs to make money, but it was almost comical watching the precision with which the ingredients were portioned out. Regardless, I would recommend Oishii Poke and would love to come back soon!
We came here for lunch on a Saturday and to our surprise, it was pretty quiet with only 2 other people there. After looking at the menu, my sister and I ended up getting the ahi tuna and Hawaiian classic (salmon) poke salads. When we got to the register, I noticed that my sister's bowl was way fuller than mine. However, the manager who rang me up noticed the significant difference and asked if I would like more lettuce. She also apologized and mentioned that they're still training their employees with portion sizes. For that reason, this place gets another star from me. 

In terms of flavor, I think it's pretty flavorful. However, I think the proportion of the bowl to salad is a bit off. It might be better to use a smaller bowl size. This is one factor that Philly Poke excels at since it at least gives an illusion that there is more poke in the bowl. I'm almost a bit spoiled since the other poke places I've been to seems to give more poke. 

Overall, I would stop by again whenever I return to Philly to visit.
I love this place and probably eat here once a week. 

The food is really solid. I always get a bowl and mix it up when it comes to the type of fish. It's my fave poke bowl in the city. 

The staff is also great. I'm always greeted by the owner or manager and she is super friendly. They handle the lunch rush well and get you in and out quickly.

I don't ever write reviews but felt OishiiPoke deserved it!!!
My hubby choose this place. It was fresh, fast and fun! Staff was super nice and the food was awesome! I wish there was one of these where I live! Make sure you ask to get your picture taken for the well!
The poke bowl was adequate. However, the 2 stars for the rude service. Seems like the girls working enjoyed each other, but not customers.
I have been here 10-15 times over the last year and I should have definitely reviewed much sooner because I am hooked on Oishii Pike bowls. Always fresh always consistent and the crew here even remembers my ingredient choices! A++++ for freshness and A+++++ for service too! 

Oh and their presentation is also ! The avocado sliced right in front of you gives me great satisfaction !
Oishii Poké is around the corner from my office, which makes it a great spot to grab a quick lunch. 

On my most recent visit, I created my own bowl (regular size) with salmon and a special spicy tuna. For the base, I did half rice and half lettuce, which made for a lighter bowl, which was nice. The Spicy Ginger sauce has a nice bright zing to it, and really amplified the heat in the bowl. I added a lot of other toppings, like seaweed salad, pickled ginger, pickled carrot, etc.

The bowls are always delicious, filling, and nicely prepared. The staff is super friendly, too!
Not my favorite. I wanted to like this place because it is closer to me than Hai Street, but it just did not measure up in terms of taste. I really needed the soy sauce for some extra flavor, which let me tell you is not very easy with a whole burrito - it just kind of fell apart every time I held it down into the soy sauce. Also, the girl preparing my food kept touching her hair and her face with her gloved hands, so I had to ask her to change gloves. Hate having to do that stuff, but this is common sense food hygiene I think.
Decided to try oishii, being the poké lover that I am. I love that it's in Chinatown, a super convenient location since my family frequently visits the area. I ordered a large bowl and regular bowl for my cousin . The price for the bowls are decent, and the ingredients taste really fresh. The girl making the bowl even let us sample the sauces before putting it on our bowls! 

Overall, I'm satisfied with the food that I ordered, however I was just a little bit disappointed that the large bowl wasn't that much bigger than the regular bowl, considering the fact that it wasn't really filled to the top. Next time I'll most likely only order the regular bowl.
Part 1: Let's play a game! It's called "find the fish."

I ordered a poke bowl (see picture) with salmon and spicy tuna, plus mix-ins. I received a bowl with 5 TINY cubes of salmon and no tuna at all. The salmon that is visible in the picture was all the salmon in the bowl. If you cannot locate it in the picture, that is understandable, as it is all but undetectable to the human eye.

From other reviews on Yelp and Grubhub, I see this is a trend with this restaurant. It seems they don't want to shell out for actual fish--the product they are supposedly selling--and instead stuff the bowl with rice and a sprinkling of mix-ins. 

Part 2: The lady who answered the phone didn't believe me that there was no tuna and wondered if I had somehow confused spicy tuna with salmon because of the mayo. 

I reassured her that I knew what tuna looked like, and that mayo would not trick me (since, you know, they're different fish visually, texturally, and in flavor). She then needed to check with the cook because uhhh customers should be treated like liars I guess. He confirmed he forgot the tuna--shocker. The compensation? A whopping $4.50 back. Keep in mind the delivery fee alone is $3, and I paid it to receive not-what-I-ordered. 

It got 2 stars because the food tasted good. But the service was bad and the portion of fish was insultingly tiny. A big NOPE from me.
Best sushi burritos in Philly! I get the tuna avocado probably every week, never disappoints. They even deliver on Caviar! Which I did not know until I saw caviar  there one day while I was waiting in line. Employees are friendly, you can add whatever you want to your burrito or bowl. Highly recommend!
Sushi burrito. I had to try it! Pleasantly surprised. It was good. 
 This place is kept clean with freindly staff.
The sushi burrito was great. Also have a make your own bowl. The food was spectacular. Very good quality and taste.
Ich habe schon oft online Bilder von fetten Sushi-Burritos gesehen, jedoch habe ich nun endlich auch mal die Gelegenheit gehabt, selber einen zu probieren, und zwar in der Philadelphia Innenstadt.

Man kann sich hier seine eigenen Pokebowls, Pokesalate oder Pokeburritos zusammenstellen. (Zum Wort Poke: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poke_(fish_salad) )

Ich habe mich ohne zu zögern für ein Sushi-Burrito entschieden.
Stellt euch eine richtig dicke Makirolle mit allerlei Gemüse, Früchten, Fisch, Soßen und Extra-Toppings (Tobiko, Tempura-Flocken etc.) vor. Sehr mächtig, ohne dabei schwer zu wirken.
Fazit: Ich war positiv überrascht, alles hat frisch und lecker geschmeckt. Die Bedienung war sehr schnell und auch sehr nett.
Es ist eine interessante Alternative zum "normalen" Sushi, aber definitiv kein Ersatz.

Werde definitiv wieder hingehen und ein paar weitere Angebote der Speisekarte austesten.
First time here and DEFINITELY WILL COME AGAIN. this is really different from a lot of food places downtown. The ingredients are fresh and the service is great. good portion and price too! If you're looking for something healthy and delicious, you'll like it here
Came here last night while craving some poke bowl and it was pleasantly good! The salmon and tuna were fresh. There weren't any sides to choose from though such as dumplings or anything like that; just a poke bowl, sushi burrito and poke salad. Luckily they had some free miso soup which was good. I thought all the ingredients were fresh and the service was attentive. I'd definitely come back but I think they might need more seating that might be more comfortable for dine-iners.
Love this place!!! Came and workers greeted me friendly with a smile on their face. Everyone is so nice. Food is definitely good and would come back for more. I ask to have a taste of the sauce & they give me different ones to try on the side. Great customer service. It is also a nice little place to just sit and chill while eating with my friends.
There's something fishy about Oishii poke. 

I've had the Hawaiian Classic, Unagi Poke, and built my own bowl. The Hawaiian is a good introduction to newbies. If you're looking for more of a fresh palate, I'd recommend asking them to drizzle less sauce on your bowl since the spicy aioli sauce is overpowering.  The Unagi Poke was more up my alley. I'm a big eel fan so this rEELly hit the spot. Pro-tip: sub the avocado for the seaweed salad (would order just a side of their seaweed salad - so delicious!) for a more complex bowl. Lastly, I created my own large poke. While I like that I can customize my bowl to my heart's desire, I ordered a large but it look as if I still received the same amount of food if I had ordered a small. 

After three pokes, I'd confidently state that the fish and veggies were fresh and vibrant each time - which, in my opinion, is the most vital part of poke. There's nothing worse than eating healthy with bad ingredients. 
Not to mention, each bowl is a beautiful Instagram-able creation. 

Overall, I'm hooked.
By far the best poke Ive ever had. It's a cute little poke spot in the heart of Chinatown Philadelphia. Service is great ! I was greeted by a sweet girl. This place is extremely clean. You have the option of build your own 2 protein or 3 protein or you can pick something off their menu. They also have burritos as well. They have so much toppings here ! From seaweed salad to crab salad. They are kind of stingy with toppings so minus one star. Other than that I love the poke bowls here
I've shamelessly ordered poke from here over five times during lockdown. Its that good!!!!
Yum! Just ordered delivery from this place and it was great! I can't believe all of the ingredients you can add without it costing extra. 

My husband and I created our own poke bowls. We both got regular sizes and they were perfect portions, I'm stuffed! I was looking for something healthy and fresh and this place hit the spot! Def will be ordering from here more!

*Second time - Walked into the restaurant after the flower show to try out their sushi burrito and it was delicious! Very filling. The miso soup was tasty too!
My go to takeout Poké,they got few tables if you feel like seating down and eat. Don't forget to empty the table before you go as it's self serving style. 
 If you like tuna,sorry to disappoint you but other than that it's great! I would recommend bowl over burrito, let's go there and make your own bowl.
My favorite is salmon and eel!
Was unable to go as they closed 45 minutes before their normal closing time on a Saturday night. Still, I am excited to try this place out! Make sure you call before you go to confirm that you're open.
Recently ordered in with friends and I am so glad we decided on Oishii Poké! I ordered the make your own poke bowl and added eel, salmon, crab, and tobiko on top. So fresh and delicious! I recommend getting a side of the eel sauce and spicy mayo to add to your bowl! Can't wait to order here again!
So happy to see even more poke popping up around Philly! While the presentation isn't quite as beautiful as Poke Bowl, I was still pleased with the overall aesthetic. Not a huge fan of the sushi burrito, the red/white checkered wrapping makes it look like a random take out wrap you order because nothing else is open. The amount of rice and filling is also disappointing compared to the bowls. I would have to say the scoops of fish were pretty inconsistent between workers. My boyfriend got noticeably smaller scoops of fish even though we both chose a scoop each of tuna and salmon. Also, there is a lot of liquid in the tuna so by the end of my salad, it was all soggy from tasteless tuna-juice. I think I'd like it more if that liquid was drained better before adding the fish.

My overall takeaway: love the concept and flavors and unlimited toppings but the execution could use a little work. But this place just opened and there's tons of room for improvement. Plus, the service was lovely and I particularly thought the personable cashier was a breath of fresh air!!
They're open during the pandemic! I ordered by phone and told them everything I wanted in my poke bowl. Everything was still damnnnn good and fresh! Support small businesses right now!
I really recommend this place. We took a large (12.95$) and a regular bowl (10.95$).
You could choose a max of 2 (reg) or 3 (large) proteins and then added whatever you want! 
We'll be back soon!
Extremely stingy. I got a large for around 11 dollars because I didn't have any cash and ended up with rice, lettuce, and ALL of my toppings barely making it to half of the container. They were also stingy with sauce. Bowl had no flavor. Complete waste of money. Never coming back
This was very tasty and filling. I ordered the Hawaiian Regular at $8.95. The raw salmon tasted fresh and the girls were friendly. I like that they have different options for sauces such as the honey wasabi which was fantastic. I think I will try a bowl next time
I was really excited to hear of this place opening in Chinatown, since I am a huge poke fan ever since going to Hawaii a few years back. The food here is solid, but the portions and prices are a little disappointing to me. This place is not expensive by any means, but for what you get its a little bit of a bummer. You can pick between a burrito or bowl, 2 or 3 scoops of fish, and then can add toppings on for free, though some cost extra. The scoops of fish are extremely small, but at least the fish was fresh and sushi grade. The honey wasabi sauce was delicious and just the right amount of spice. I was happy with the options of toppings, but disappointed with the portions. The seaweed salad was barely a scoopful and the avocado was 2 dollars extra for one scoop.. you can buy an entire avocado for 2 dollars. My husband and I joked that next time we would just take them home and add our own avocado since it was such a rip-off. The bowls were tasty and we enjoyed them but we were both still hungry at the end of the meal. It's probably a good place for lunch, but not so much for dinner. I'm not running back anytime soon but I would consider going back next time I get a craving for poke!
Fresh poke done as you like.  The only downside was the wait- the orders were coming in non stop.

Fish was fresh.
Really great place for a quick healthy lunch! As someone who works in the area and is watching their weight, this is a great place for a low carb and low calorie diet. Everything is really fresh and a bowl will range you about 9-17 depending on what you get! But i believe it's a great price for fresh quality food for quick!
Customer experience: First of all, I want to give kudos to the lady who took my calls when I was wondering where my poke bowl was that I ordered on Grubhub; I forgot her name already!  Maybe Joanna from other reviews? She was so understanding and told me that they tried to contact GrubHub multiple times when the food was ready and had been out more than 20 minutes to make sure it would arrive fresh to me. I called GrubHub myself after an hour of my food not arriving or saying that a driver had come to pick it up, and they finally got over to the restaurant. She called to let me know someone retrieved it and told me she even made a fresh order for me. Thank you for making a Saturday night of babysitting a little better! Gruhub: you stink. Second time this has happened to me in Philly.

FOOD experience: 3.5/5. I am a bit of a sushi/poke snob being from NYC, and I have to say I was expecting it to be a bit tastier.  I felt like the toppings were a bit hard to mix up and I couldn't taste the fish so much. I was expecting it to all taste a bit more flavorful but was slightly disappointed. 

Going with a 4 mainly for customer service and effort. Hope the review is appreciated!
My standards were pretty low when I first came to this place considering I grew up on the West Coast where there is an abundance of sushi and poke restaurants. Fast forward to 2020 and my husband I now get takeout from here maybe 1-2x a month. I love being able to customize everything I get in my bowl or burrito. The quality of the ingredients they use here is consistently fresh and the owner always greets us with a smile.
I've been to this place since it first open. Quality of the food has always been the same. Always fresh food and i never had a complaint. I just cant ever get enough of it. Always want more. Definitely recommend this place
Awesome poké! I ordered delivery from Oishii Poké through Grubhub, and was very pleased with my bowl! I've never actually been to the restaurant, so I can't comment on that, but the food is great!

I decided to make my own large bowl. First you choose a base, and I went with brown rice. Then they let you choose what you want your three scoops of protein to be, and I went with two salmon and one spicy tuna. You then have the option to choose an unlimited amount of toppings for the same set price! I got the seaweed salad, edamame, avocado (+$1.50), onion, roe, lotus chips, lettuce and cucumber. My sauce of choice was the spicy aioli. The total for the bowl came to be around $13, but it was plenty of food. The salmon and tuna were very fresh, although next time I will likely go with the regular tuna instead of spicy tuna since this comes very finely chopped. Everything else in the bowl was also delicious.

Oishii is a great poké option and I will be back for
more!
