My friend works in the area and had wanted to try this place out. I'm not a coffee drinker so I went with some hot chocolate. I had it made with soy milk, but I'll be honest, the drink was terrible. Zero chocolate flavor.

Why 4 stars? There was such a community feeling in here that you couldn't ignore. This particular afternoon there were 2 music students in playing their Bass (or cello!) instruments. It was a packed house and was really neat watching them and everyone that came by to watch them play as well. There was a kid doing work on a computer, the grandma knitting away, the couple making cute jokes to each other.. just a place everyone seemed comfortable going to.

On your way out, you'll be smelling delicious cookies so maybe just pick one up :)
Cute little shop with solid coffee. Good, got that out there. Now let's talk about the reason I'll be back every time I'm in philly... the SHEET of oatmeal raisin cookies they serve. Ohhh boy are these good. Moist middle with that lovable, spicy oatmeal flavor throughout. And yes, I said sheet of cookie. This thing was at least 10"x6". An absolute monster. You're paying $3 for it, so it should be large, but still this was üge. It's the best snack for a ride back to NYC in town. OK, that's not true at all (philly has too many good bites around), but it's damn good and only blocks away from the Megabus stop. Do it.
Looking for shelter from this morning's rain, I stumbled upon Old City Coffee. A cafe open before 7 am?! I always struggle to find my caffeine fix on my way to work, and am beyond jazzed to find this place. The location is easy to miss; it is located on a tiny street between N 2nd and N 3rd which gives it warm, quaint kind of vibe. I love the self serve coffee area; feel free to ask for a cup of ice for your iced coffee. The food choices look delicious! I ordered a cranberry muffin which was the perfect amount of sweet and tangy. Plus, they accept credit cards, yay!
I also noticed a paper that said they have open mic nights which is a huge draw for me. I can't wait to check one out!
Even though I keep coming back for their delicious spinach scone and in-house roasted coffee, I always ask myself whether it's worth the poor customer service I'll get during those brief five minutes at Old City Coffee.  The baristas seem almost bothered when I say please and thank you and try to make small talk.  I'm not sure whether they are still waking up at that early hour, but it's very off-putting.
I lovee this place. I used to work in the area and I come here every morning! My day isnt complete without stopping by for a treat and saying hello to the friendly employees!

Their menu includes:
Coffees,Latters, Cappucinos, homemade Hot chocolate, Teas, Biscottis, Cookies,Muffins, Bagels, Cakes, Danishes,Hearty Soups.

I dont really get their coffee because it is SUPER strong. My lover is the orange pekoe tea! I am not a tea drinker but when I tried this I dropped coffee and drank tea ever since!! Please try it with soy milk or half and half with honey and sugar. 

They make very decadent GIANT size pastries also. 
I have tried:
Almond Biscotti-F kinda too hard, even when i dipped it
Chocolate chip cookie w/ raisins- A+ (bigger then a CD!)
Apple Crumb cake-A+++ (reminds me of christmas)
Hot Chocolate w/ whipped cream -A+ (HOMEMADe!)
Orange Pekoe Tea-A
Minestrone soup-A+ 

They have indoor and outdoor seating!!
Quiet coffee off the beaten path.

A quaint spot with good coffee and a few treats.  The seating area isn't overly large and when I was there, there was a real menagerie of folks -  no dominant subculture from what I saw:
A woman feeding her child
A foreign family from the former eastern block
Two book worms sneaking leering glances
Yuppies in fuzzy sweaters and sweater vests with fuzz
A hipster with thick glasses drinking a trendily small cup of espresso, probably between cigarettes
And us

I love how it is off the main streets in a pretty cool alley.  I would like to go back.
Old City coffee is pretty cool and its always nice to support local businesses. The pastries and baked goods are good...but not great. The salads are excellent and some of the pre-made sandwiches are good, but often overpriced (especially the breakfast burrito they were running for a while). The only big drawback is that the staff always seem miserable...not mean or anything, just unhappy. A few smiles would go a long way for this Old City Coffee Shop.
Ok, maybe it's the attitude of the staff or the fact that it's all self-serve or the fact that all of their cups leak; coupled with the high cost and horrible roasts...  But I'm not a fan!  I tried and tried and tried to be, but it's not good.  The food isn't even that great.  Save your money and go to Starbucks!
Starbucks coffee is awful! why does every one like it?? - I used to own 2 coffee shops in Chicago. There is so much better coffee out there! Seek out the little coffee houses! I thank Mr. Schultz for creating the buzz about coffee (he allowed me to open mine) but his coffee burns. I'm in Philly and on the cutest street (Church) is OLD CITY COFFEE. Smells are great, isn't burnt, and makes their own flavor syrups! There were two adorable bistro tables outside. It's a crisp cool morning but sitting there was wonderful. They sell their own beans, and some small food fare. Please enjoy this little coffee shop!
Support small coffee houses.
Had some of the best iced tea ever here. Mint Hibiscus with lemon! do I really need to say anything more?

OK maybe I will because that was one of three awesome flavors that I had the option of choosing from. But I was clearly sold! And I got to try one of of their addicting brownies that was topped off with nuts, chocolate, cookie crumbs and so many toppings. Eric said it was one of the best brownies out there, and if Flying Monkey didn't exist it would probably be the best brownie in Philly.

Another cool thing I liked was the small outdoor seating area. It overlooks a scenic cobblestone road since it's located on the pathway between Christ Church and the park. So you don't see a lot of cars, and you do see a lot of interesting people coming and going. It's perfect for people watching!
This is where I get my coffee almost every day while at work (I work on 3rd & Race in the TLA Entertainment offices.) So I have pretty regular experience with them, both purchasing drinks directly and individual drinks.

The basic rundown is that the quality of the coffee beans are by far above average. And the iced coffee is a demonic broth that will make you feel like you just injected rocket fuel directly into your veins. (Your stomach may quickly alleviate you of that feeling, if you suffer from reflux.) After talking to one of the Barrista's about this - I suggested they were slipping crack cocaine in there - she said that the iced coffee is a mixture of all the roasts of the day, brewed double strength. So, there you go. Douse it with liquid sugar and a healthy amount of milk to cut the acid, and expect to get a lot of design and coding done before you crash and want to sleep under your desk for a week.  

They also have something called Balzac's blend here that is quite good. If you've ever read Balzac's humorous and incredibly verbose essay on the benefits of coffee, well... Yeah. It is well named.

I wouldn't suggest going here for bulk tea though. Though the tea quality is fairly high it is apparent that they don't sell much of it- every time I've bought it it has been fairly stale. I suggest Remedy tea on Samson between 16th and 17th. Review of Remedy coming up in a bit.
super-strong coffee, iced or hot.  never had any food there, but hear it's decent. the wifi used to be free and unlimited, now it's just free... but you only get it if you make a purchase (which is understandable).  BUT, you only get it for an hour.  if you want to get wifi, be sure to get your receipt - there's a code on it that is unique to your purchase which allows wifi access.

those tables on the front "porch" are gold when the weather warms up.
The coffee is OVER ROASTED! Its always a pleasant surprise when a shop roasts their own beans, when its done correctly. I'm aware that people have different palettes for coffee but I never drink the stuff here. The staff is knowledgable but cold- damn, could you smile please?

That being said I respect that they've been around the longest and that their baked goods are excellent. Grab a scone and head out the door.
Husband and I are coffee fiends.  We love coffee.  We drink it all the time.  We have an espresso machine on the kitchen counter so we can satisfy the coffee urge whenever.  Oh, but we don't patronize Satrbucks.  I can't bring myself to do it.  There's one literally on every corner, and I think I'm afraid they're trying to take over the world.  I just can't bring myself to drop money in there, and they certainly don't need my dimes to stay afloat.

This presents a dilemma on occasion when husband and I are the road and out of our element.  We know the great little coffee shops in our 'hood, but elsewhere we're lost.  So we were really happy one sunny afternoon after a visit to the beautiful grounds of Christ Church to literally stumble on Old City Coffee.  It's totally out of the way and tucked on a side street off Market, and I'm not sure we ever would have visited otherwise.

But.  The interior was so darn cute -- minimalist and all about coffee, with barrels of beans ready for you to select -- and the coffee was so darn good that we came back again and again.  The coffee was ground and then brewed right before our eyes, served piping hot, and was STRONG.  Yessss.  We were really happy with our experience!  Even picked up some airtight glass jars to store our beans and grounds at home.
Talk about off the beaten trail! I was early for the first day of work at my new job, so I decided that coffee would be the perfect way to calm my nerves (hey, I never promise to be logical).

Old City Coffee is hidden on a side street off of 3rd and is extremely tiny at first glance. However, if you want to sit and enjoy your cup of joe, you can head over to the side of the store for the dining area.

The coffee was solid and is advertised to be roasted on the premises. I was happy with the price I paid (~$3) for a latte. There were also a ton of breakfast and lunch options along the side, as well as coffee paraphernalia. Everyone working there seemed down to earth (and not snooty) and really efficient. There wasn't a line when I walked in, so the coffee was ready immediately.

Even the birds were friendly when I sat outside sipping on my latte. I felt a little like Snow White, to be honest.
Old City deserves 5 stars based on the coffee alone (hot or iced, I love them both). Definitely meant for people who like their coffee strong. Don't be put off by the self-serve thing... they brew the coffee on-premises every day in tiny batches. My bf (an iced tea snob) loves their iced tea, too.

If you're looking for food, walk a few blocks north to Cafe Ole instead. The bagels at Old City are pretty good, but the nuffins live up to the name, and there isn't much selection.
I get my fresh roast beans for espresso here. The price is definitely high for a 1lb or 1/2lb bags, but it's reasonable for locally roasted beans.
Old City is interesting in that some of the shadier businesses are on the main streets (3rd, Market, etc.).  However, walk down what is effectively an alley - Church St - and you'll find one of the top coffee shops in the entire city.

I stepped in to find many glass jars filled to the top with coffee beans for home brewing.  Next to them there's more jars with sweets like cookies almost the size of your face.  Keep walking and look to your left to find a cooler filled with great food options like ready made salads, to-go homeade soup, and pure yogurt made at a New Jersey Dairy.  Step up to the counter and order an espresso (I did).  Within a few minutes a guy with as much character as the shop prepares your drink.  With drink and food in hand, walk to the right to find an appropriately sized dining room with art on the walls, newspapers to be read and other guests using the free wifi while enjoying their pastry, coffee or lunch.  

Overall, a pleasant and unique experience that is great to relax at for a spell.
You down with O.C.C.? Yeah, you know me!

One of the things I love about this site is how it unveils little, hidden gems I would otherwise never even know exist. Case in point: Old City Coffee.

After having a below average breakfast at the hotel, I needed some real coffee and quick. So, my trusty Yelp app led me to this quaint, little coffee shop, nestled on a lightly traveled, brick street in Old City. I ventured in and saw a few people already standing in line and a couple of others waiting for their order. Okay, it was not completely dead; always a good thing. I looked over the hot and iced coffee menus and decided on a Mocha Latte. 

I originally thought this coffee shop was too small. That is, until I saw the huge seating area adjoining the store, making it twice as big as I assumed. However, I really wanted to sit outside, but with the only two tables already occupied, I was out of luck there. So, I took my coffee to go, walked a block down the street and relaxed for a bit on a park bench in the warm, morning sun.

The coffee prices are similar at Starbucks, but it was just as good, if not better. Plus, I never turn down an opportunity to try something new or different, even if it's off the beaten path in the middle of the city.
When I worked nearby, this was my stop if I didn't make coffee at home.  Love their iced coffee!  The food is good too. Nice place to spend some time with good food and drink.

Now, whenever I'm in Philly, I try to stop in to buy some beans to bring back with me.  You can't go wrong with the Old City Blend.  I once had a Los Angeles Blend that was really good, but they didn't have it on my last visit.  The beans are roasted fresh and don't sit around for long.
I come here when I go to Lakshmi, how awesome is it that the barista remembers my hairstylists order so I can pick it up for him, score!  That definitely came in handy when picking up his double espresso...as for me I had a bagel toasted with jam, nice that they have jam since Starbucks doesn't!  I had the ice coffee which was good, I would have liked cold brew so wished they had it but maybe it's a seasonal thing?  Their tea is good too and I think next time I have to try one of the delicious looking pastries since they really look good!  Nice place to come in and chill out, I think they're near Old City T-Shirts too!  I'll probably be back next time I go to Lakshmi!  Nice to enjoy a coffee shop other than Starbucks...
I'm disappointed in the poor tasting bean I bought from Old City Coffee.  I had run out of my regular beans and I thought I'd give Old City a chance because I had bought a coffee drink from the Reading Terminal Market branch which was quite tasty.

The selection of beans was quite small, so with the help of the associate I settled on 1/2lb Old City beans  and 1/2 San Francisco beans.  So far, I've brewed the Old City blend and it just isn't tasty.  I find it flat tasting with a strange after taste.

As soon as these beans are depleted or if I can no longer stand having mediocre coffee in the morning, whichever comes first, I will be ordering my beans from my first love Philz.
Who needs Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts or any of that crap when you've got Old City Coffee? Not I! Old City Coffee serves up the best coffee I have ever tasted and believe me, I run strictly on caffeine so I know my coffee.  :)  Also, they serve up yummy cookies and pastries that are made right in their own kitchen. Their peanut butter cookies are amazing!
Old City Coffee roasts its own beans and on that alone, I'd give it 5 stars. There are bins at the front with the date when they were roasted and there's a blend for every taste. My personal favorite is the Balzac Blend. They have specials every couple of weeks. 

When it comes to a cafe, though, that's where Old City Coffee fails. It's on a beautiful little cobblestone street in Old City just a stone's throw from Christ Church. It has a cute seating area with french doors and a couple of tables outside if the weather's nice. Sadly, though their hot coffee always seems oddly bitter to me and I can't figure out why since I know the beans they roast make good coffee. It's so weird, or maybe it's just my taste buds don't work at this exact longitude and latitude. 

When it comes to the food, though, I have yet to have something I like. I love biscotti so I bought one of theirs and not only was it the size of my arm, it was nearly impossible to bite into. The cookies are huge but tasteless and the muffins also huge but have a strange crumbly texture that has you anxiously trying to get a secure bite. I like my food smaller and of better quality. Huge does not equal good.

Service is spotty.

They do take credit cards, though, and I like the shakes in the summer, but as a hangout, I can't get into this place.
Came into Philly for a visit and had a bike tour planned, due to weather it got cancelled so I popped into Old City Coffee to grab a hot chocolate, a snack and place to map out where I would go exploring.
Cute little place, I had high hopes for! I ordered a large hot chocolate and a pastry. The staff seemed a little preoccupied with their personal dramas, going on and on about the night before in front of me while getting people's order together. 
Seemed Susie Q's story was so enchanting that she forgot how to make hot chocolate and I was given a watery mess I couldn't even drink a sip. When I went back up and nicely said something didn't taste right she told me "I made it how it is supposed to be". Thanks doll, but it tasted horrible. Another girl quickly took my cup and said she would make me another one.
It took a bit but I did get a fresh cup and it tasted much better and that girl apologized. 
So much potential! Seems centrally located between a lot. There is a back room with a lot of tables and extra seating. There is only one bathroom for the entire place but its kept really clean.
I've had Old City iced coffee many, many times at the RTM location - but it was not until today that I had the pleasure (and it really, really was a true pleasure) to sit and linger (we scored a great outdoor table - they only have 2) over a yummy iced coffee (my friend had a HUGE mug of cappucino with a hearty cap of yummy foam in it - PERFECT!) in Old City today.

We had such a great time - and spent nearly 2 hours just drinkin', smokin', yakin' and having a great afternoon.

Thanks for NOT being a Charbucks.

Great coffee and a fun place to just hang out.
And 2 nice, young, handsome barristas - eye candy never hurts.
My favorite place to get coffee in old city!  They roast all the beans fresh at their location in Reading Terminal Market.  The coffee is always fresh and they make nice drinks.  They have a variety of non-dairy options too including oat milk.

The food is delicious - everything is either made in house or locally and they have lots of vegan options.  Try the Pequea Valley yogurt.  My favorite baked goods here are the danishes, the brownies, and the giant cookies.

They also sell a variety of coffee and tea products including my favorite Kinto insulated thermos.  There is a variety of loose leaf tea and teabags for sale as well as fresh roasted coffee beans.  

There is limited seating indoors with rotating local art on the walls, although I'm not sure if it's open during Covid.
I wish I had walked through the seating area first before ordering because then I would have seen the barely eaten Apple Peanut Butter muffin on one of the unbused tables.   Had I known, I would have saved myself $3!   That muffin can be drastically improved by adding more peanut butter, diced apples instead of the large awkward slices, and more sugar. Adding diced apples would have given that muffin much needed moisture. 

I also got a large mocha with soy and salted caramel flavor and it was a great pick me up after a morning wandering through Old City and Independence Hall.   Both the coffee and muffin combined came out to be about $8.50.
My favorite coffee shop in Philly!!!

I lived right across Old City Coffee on Church St. for a year and now I'm addicted to coffee. 

This place is located on a very nice street, right in Market East, and It's so awesome to go there every day and see a different blend of coffee, which is noticeably different than the one from yesterday. I absolutely love the Old City blend and always get it ground from there.

Other good things about this place:
- Wifi
- All the baked goods (Muffins are huge, chunky, and delicious!!)
- Comforting atmosphere
This place is great to get a cup of joe and relax for a little while. It's off the beaten trail and the employees are nice. I got a small cup of coffee for $2.00 and it tasted fresh and was hot enough to drink. You pour your own coffee which I prefer, call me old school or not lazy either or. They also have common coffee items for sale at a fair price.

You walk in and there are mugs and other small things you can purchase. It smells great in there just like a good coffee shop should. There is a good amount of seating in the adjacent room. There are some art pictures on the wall that help compliment the shop. There is a bathroom and it was clean both times I went in there.

There's wifi for free which is a plus, you just have to get the password from the employee. It's quiet in there for the most part and I felt comfortable in there as well. I recommend this place even if you need some where quiet to study or relax. I will be back for sure.
Over the years, I've been a regular at the Reading Terminal Market coffee stand, but this cafe in Old City is a great place to visit. Very comfortable table area, very pleasantly decorated, just a really great vibe. Of course, it's the excellent Old City coffee, and those superb baked goods. For tourists or locals visiting Christ Church, Arden Theater, the Book Trader, and any number of other destinations in the area, check out charming coffee place, tucked in on Church Street.
I want my money back.  I want my time back and more importantly I still NEED a really good cup of coffee.

Service: There was none.  Nothing that even could have tried faking its way as "service" exists at this place.  I mean there is more of a chance getting a bill passed in Congress that actually helps Americans these days then there is of getting service at this place.

Quality-- once again, they forgot to teach that to this place.


Mom always said if you don't have anything nice to say about someone you should say nothing...

So what I have to say about this place is ____ Sopranos ending ____ fade to black.
Funky little spot ---   roast their own coffees, nice selection of cold drinks, teas, soups, and sandwiches.  Fresh-baked scones, cookies, etc.  Two tables out front and a small side room --- good people watching in Old City.
Alright Old City Coffee, I'm a bit disenchanted with you. Why you may ask? You still serve tasty coffee that is roasted on location. Your baked daily pastries still call my name.  And my newest draw, the scallion cream cheese, is worth telling random strangers about. BUT,  your customer service is just awful. You should honestly be ashamed. The workers border on straight up rude and seemed almost bothered by my order. God forbid I try to make small talk, I get a one word answer back and a stare. This has happened on so many occasions that it has started to deter me from going here on my way to work. Seriously, ask your employees to smile every now and then.
Coffee is a litle burnt and treats are hit or miss (muffins are interesting when different berries enter mix, cookies are pedestrian, a little stale / al dente..)

Worst part is the "wi-fI" experience... i think a caf w/o wi-fi is a blessing.. no porn, IM, people writing code for hours to be uploaded, etc etc - a serene, reading/talking establishment...

The fakery of claiming to have wi-fi, then the shock, with winsome smile of "wow - ..." followed by a silly technical reason for why it's not working is rather annoying.

Four times I have asked over past year "Do you have wi-fi.. i need to send an email, etc" and every time staff has said "YES!" Unequivocally!

Every time - nothing!! Router connects, then nothing... once a staff person went into back office to reset something... perhaps the index card order for illogical response... alas it did not help.

I did get a response via email from the owner recently..  friendly a little, more smarmy...

"I am replacing the six year old Wi-Fi as soon as possible.

 The Wi-Fi is a complementary amenity that we offer"

MMMMM - yeah - thank God for yelp!
Oh Old City Coffee, how excited I was when I first moved into the neighborhood and laid eyes upon you.  I envisioned us spending hours and hours together sending out e-mails, eating pastry, reading books and of course, sipping on coffee.  

But alas... while your coffee and your milkshakes are quite tasty, your service is horribly unfriendly and your wifi is *free* for only (gasp) one hour.

Sigh.  Starbucks it is.
I live right around the corner from OCC, and end up frequenting the place pretty often, but really it is a better idea to go a block up third street (right past Starbucks) to Cafe Ole.  The coffee is way better, and cheaper.

That said, OCC has nice staff, and some pretty good pastries.  The wife likes their nuffins (made with splenda and whole wheat flour, I believe), while I'm a sucker for their apple cake.

However, two large, bitter-tasting coffees will run you $4.20.  I sound like my great-grandfather, but that is just too much.
Nice music, which although some may find this an insignificant factor in making a good café hangout, it matters enormously to me. So many cafés play HORRIBLE music that's loud and obnoxious. This café plays classy jazz. Yay! The decor is cute and elegant, another plus. They carry two sizes of San Pelligrino water, which is also a huge bonus since I drink my espresso with sparkling water. BUT the coffee (espresso) was not good at all. That is the most important thing about a coffee shop, and they failed to deliver on good espresso. It was the worst I've ever tasted. Sorry guys!
I was very impressed with how good this coffee was. Normally I don't do small local coffee shops and opt for the big chains that have what I want. But this place offers a healthy amount of variety for folks to be able to customize their coffee to their taste bud likings. I will definitely be back again.
Ok I admit it.  I'm a fan of Starbucks!  I have a gold Starbucks card with my name on it.  At my favorite location they make my drink as soon as the Barista sees me pull into the lot.  

So why am I reviewing Old City Coffee?
1. I love the atmosphere.  Way better than that "chain look."
2. The location is great for people watching. (limited vehicle traffic)
3. The food is as good as or better than the chains.
4. The Baristas are knowledgeable.  
5. They roast their own beans in the café.
6. Oh, and the coffee is great!
I would like to rename this place "good, but grumpy" coffee.  I really love the strong coffee and sweet treats the Old City spot offers, the side street offers a quiet refuge from the hustle of old city.  However, why do the Batista's always seem to put out?  We do have to fill our own cups... they merely slap down the requested size and bark out the bill.   And if you ask for a treat behind the counter, or even a lb of coffee, get ready for the cold shoulder of quiet annoyance.  Stay away from the overpriced oatmeal (gross) but be sure to try one of the baked goods from the jars.  They make most of the treats on site and they are delicious.  If you are feeling brash, ask one of the baristas for the freshest batch.  I, for one, will keep coming back for the coffee and cookies, but will spend time wishing the service was friendlier.
Awesome place to study.  With any purchase, they'll print you off a wi-fi code good for 3 hours.  Since it's off any main road, it's quiet, with just the din of other patrons and the smell of freshly brewed coffee to keep you company.

Excellent chai tea and awesomely huge cookies.
BEST ICED COFFEE IN THE CITY!  Every single time I am in old city, this is my go to spot.  Their hot coffee is good as well, but their iced coffee is seriously to die for.  Every time I see a tourist falling into the Starbucks trap (there's one about two blocks from here), or a tourist asks me where to go for coffee in the area, I always point them to OCC.

I can't speak to their food, but their coffee is great.  I'll keep going any time I'm in the area.
Dependably good coffee, nice tea selection, and big, delicious cookies perfect for sharing with a friend. The cafe is light-filled with big, bright windows. It's more of a coffee-date-with-a-pal kind of place, not for the coffee shop camper set. However, I did spend an afternoon here once finishing my favorite college research paper, so there are laptop accommodations. Church Street is lovely, but also taught me not to ride my bike on cobblestones.
This is a great little neighborhood coffee shop. They roast their own beans and bake their own muffins, nuffins, scones...it's all so good! The coffee is no joke. Strong and lovely. The cafe is small and cozy, super nice people working there and a great crowd.
Yes I go out of my way in the morning to get to this place.  Open like 7 or so and really, really flavorful fresh coffee.   Bitter???  You shut yer mouth.
They were a perfect late afternoon pick me up recently. 

I was able to grab a pretty big oatmeal cookie and an iced tea here along with a bag of coffee beans to grind at home. Those cookies are pretty sweet I must say. 

Service was friendly. The atmosphere was Covid-safe. It's perfect for this section of town.
all ethical issues aside, some one needs to clone old city coffee about 16 more times so we dont have to waste our time on any more bad coffee ever.
the iced coffee is fresh and strong and, well, perfect. it gets all the stars. 
the cookies are enormous and ammmmmaaazzzzingggg!!! the coffee cake is rich and always moist and melty. the apple cake is tart and tender.
that's all that matters. this place rules.
Nice atmosphere, fast working staff and they are open at 7 am on Sundays so as a tourist in Philly it makes getting my coffee easier.
The coffee here is so good! I've been coming here for years and this is my favorite spot to get a latte, or grab a 1/2 pound of coffee beans for myself or as a gift.

The Church Street store front is adorable, with 2 little outside tables raised above street level. The inside is nice with one wall dedicated to the beans you can buy by the pound. They can grind them for you if need be. Their blends are pretty dark, but the Old City Blend is a nice medium dark roast. 

The check out counter is towards the back and the baristas are friendly and quick. Kind of hidden through a doorway on the right is a spacious seating area with quite a few tables to sit and chat.

I love Old City Coffee, and it's just so cool to go to a place that roasts their own coffee in Philly.
Located in an alley between N 2nd St and N 3rd St, Old City Coffee was just what I was looking for on my coffee break from being a tourist :) 
Homey and quaint, this coffee shop offers seating inside for those who'd rather read a book or work on their laptop while sipping on something yummy. They have plenty of coffee beans to choose from, as well as teas. What caught my eye were the cookie jars with humongous chocolate chip, vegan chocolate and oatmeal raisin cookies. I had to try those. I went for the chocolate chip cookie and it was very filling and quite tasty. The iced chai latte I ordered, however, left to be desired. It was just alright. 
The staff were friendly. I would go back if ever in the area.
Love the atmosphere here! Great spot to calm yourself down or keep yourself warm from a cold weather!
I had such hope for this place. Cute, in an alley, baked goods on display. And then I was shot down. The cheddar and spinach scone was gummy and bland. Almost undercooked. The boyfriend's granola lacked good crunch. But they do get 3 stars for the good latte and a chill scene.
Old City Coffee is one of the few worthwhile coffee shops in Old City. However, if your standard of a coffee shop is plush, warm, and inviting baristas, this might not be your place. It's a place to get work done, to enjoy the Old City Charm without the Old City prices. The cookies are enormous, tempting, but ultimately a little dry. It's the coffee you want, and a comfortable table near some natural light, if you're lucky enough to find one.

The coffee is admirably adequate, but nothing stand out. The pastries, I think, are above average. But Old City's greatest strength is its clientele: studious, quiet (for the most part), and unobtrusive coffee drinkers and book readers. It's not the best shop in Philly, but the vibe may very well be the most industrious
I can't believe I haven't reviewed Old City Coffee, since I go there every other day. My office is on the street, so I often grab lunch or a pick-me-up. Handy, since they take credit cards!

it's wonderful. Really, really wonderful. I rarely sit in (since the office is close), but I get the feeling it's quieter than most cafes. I love the burritos! Homemade and pressed to heat for me. Bean and cheese. Yummy! With a homemade salsa and sour cream, too.

The coffee drinks are great. They buy specialty beans, brew, roast, everything in store. I don't go out on a limb, but usually get a latte or iced coffee. 

Today, though, they really impressed. Today, I have an injured jaw and can't eat much. So I was in search of a soft lunch and went over in hopes that they had shakes, since I knew they had ice cream. 2 shakes were already being concocted for other customers, and I'm happily chugging my chocolate peanut-butter shake as I type. I hope it can sustain me for the afternoon!
I like this place, even if the entry door is one of those crappy Old City doors that's made for Twiggy. Christ, what would be wrong with having a decent door?

I like the coffee. It's strong. The decaf is behind the cash register, and I've gotten it a couple of times, but I wonder about the turnover. 

People seem nice. Just a crowded vibe.
While this coffee shop is located in a great part of town, and coffee is decent, my main complaint is that they limit use of Wi-fi only for an hour after purchase! You get a code printed on your receipt which expires and cuts you off exactly an hour after you pay. Not a philosophy I agree with for a coffee shop in Philly!
I love that Old City Coffee is tucked slightly out of the way on a quaint little street away from the hustle and bustle of Olde City. The staff is friendly and helpful. Their coffee isn't my favorite, but it's better than most. What I'm looking for in a coffee shop is the quality of what's in the cup (and not too much else). This spot is no coffee mecca, but it's nice to have around.

Twenty years ago you'd have been very happy to have found this place. Today, not so much.  Back then they were pioneers in offering high quality coffee to the public. With the current crop of Philly coffee shops you now have your choice of where to get your jolt of Java. Old City Coffee's been left behind, they haven't really changed with the times. Sure, their recently renovated counter looks very nice, but that's not what I'm talking about.

They'll always have their loyal customers, but Olde City isn't as hip a neighborhood as it used to be. Future generations of coffee drinkers are being indoctrinated elsewhere. They're certainly the best in Olde City, but outside of those confines you may find your caffeinated nirvana in greener pastures.
Great, fresh cup of coffee in old city. On Church St. which is a cute little street with cobblestones. The place is small with some seating off to the side and a small cafe table or two outside. I just got their brew of the day and it was hot, fresh and great. My friend and I shared the butterscotch muffin which was amazing. Their other pastries and cookies looked amazing. They sell coffee mugs and lots of beans and some teas.
During the 'Thundersnow' incidents of the last two winters, Old City Coffee was the coffee shop on the scene in the morning when even the nearby Starbucks and its vast corporate resources was closed. 

Better yet, the coffee is great. I come for the whole bean, primarily, and they have a wide section of exotic beans and blends to suit all kinds of tastes. Prices are high, but not outrageous for specialty coffees and there's a loyalty program where 10 lbs of beans gets you a free pound.
This wins for my favorite cup of coffee in Philadelphia although thanks to both of their locations being on the other side of center city from my normal routine I don't get to drink their coffee as much as I would like to (daily). Their iced coffee is particularly fantastic and they have a decent selection of Organic, Fair Trade and Shade Grown beans.

I haven't tasted any of the food here or really spent much time in the coffee shop so I can't comment on the atmosphere or food selection. But I can say that the service has always been friendly and a few coffee-loving out of town friends and relatives  have become hooked on Old City Coffee during Philly visits when I take them to Reading Terminal. Now when I fly out of Philly, a bag of Olde City coffee beans is often tucked somewhere in my suitcase either by request or because this has become one of my go-to presents from Philly.
I have no idea how some people would not give old city coffee five stars. From the amazing ice coffee, fresh brewed iced Americano's or the mocha chocolate coffee and ice cream milkshakes from in house ice cream, I love everything. This has become our hang out spot and the place that I love spending my saturday mornings on the little deck out on church street
Excellent coffee selection to go and grains to take home.  Great selection of pastries, ice cream, and tea as well. Seating is good as well, not big but there's always a table open. Usually quiet.  Very cozy.
Wanna forget  about work before going, or when you're on your lunch break? This is probably the best overall coffee shop that I've been to...
The ladies that work here are friendly and helpful.. The coffee is pretty full flavored, but very good..There are seats inside and out, along with wi-fi connection.. Although its on a small street off of 3rd and Market, it's well worth giving a try..
Whenever it gets chilly outside, and I just want to stay in bed instead of riding my bike in the freezing cold to work, I savor my breakfasts a little more.  I skip the green smoothie and plunge into that carb coma...

Well, I go here for that.  They serve this wonderfully delicious thing called a Nuffin, a muffin made with no sugar, fruit and oats.  I normally don't eat heavy foods, but I really like this thing.  I think it's low-fat too!  Anyway, they have various flavors, and it really hits the spot... and gives me a carb coma.  That's why I don't eat many ... but after I eat one, even half of it, I feel my brain going into a fog, like I'm back in my warm cozy bed, so that's a nice feeling.  Except then I have to work - uh oh!  It's an indulgence that I can enjoy for breakfast, however, so that's why I love them.

Their freshly-roasted beans are really amazing too- they have one blend that just took my breath away - pricey, but delicious...a real treat.  I usually buy these for special dining occasions at home since they are so good.

Their brewed coffee?  I haven't had the pleasure of a decent cup in a long time, now, so I can't recommend it.  Missing the rich roundness  I identify their establishment with... maybe it's just personal taste.  Maybe they use a lighter roast, I don't know.

But I did like their set-up there, and love the space - early in the morning, it's bright, clean - shared newspapers to read and a nice big window opening onto the street.  I've always had nice service with a smile.

Oh, and they never use meat at the cafe.
I love the coffee here. Tastes better and stronger than chain places nearby. I work around the corner and wouldn't go anywhere else for coffee. The food is also great, fresh bagels and cookies/pastries.
Good coffee - check
Good snacks and food - check
Friendly staff - half check 
Comfy seating - check
Awesome hidden location - check
Ability to overhear conversations - check
WiFi - absolutely useless and slow.
Old City Coffee is a nice place to sit and work. The staff is friendly and they have food, although the menu is limited. I also buy their freshly roasted coffee that I make for myself at home!
Walking around on a cold and dreary day and came across this quaint little gem of a shop. As I love coffee but have been refraining from caffeine, I opted for the mint hot chocolate with a blueberry chocolate muffin.

The hot chocolate was minty and although it wasn't as thick as I like, it was far from watery.  

The blueberry chocolate muffin was a combination that I never had before but was definitely tasty and with just enough sweetness.

I'll definitely be back.
As a café and as a roaster and retailer of coffee beans, Old City is top notch.  They will make you a delicious cappuccino while helping you decide what to take home for later.  I've purchased pounds upon pounds of beans here.  The quality is consistent, never burnt like some other Philadelphia coffee roasters.  That's right, La Colombe, I'm talking to you!  Bonus, if you leave a bag of ground beans in your car for 4 hours, it will smell of delicious coffee for days!
I plan to update this review once I am off of my juice cleanse and can have a nice cup of coffee however I went here this morning and was taken aback by the decor.  I have to admit, I am a snob when it comes to ambiance.  I think it is JUST as important as the actual quality of the food/drink- it can take away the value of the experience JUST as much as it can add to it.  I came here with my business partners and was surprised because I was expecting so much more due to the yelp reviews.  This very same feeling has happened at least once other time this week to me when I was expecting something SO MUCH better than what I saw.  I only had a hot water with lemon but my partners had coffees and iced coffees respectively.  They enjoyed it without so much word about it (they are not fanatics such as I am) but I have certainly bookmarked the location to return so I can share in their "delightful roasts" (as I hear on the reviews).  If I were to rate it on the decor and ambiance, it would stay low- even 2 stars- it is tight and cramped and the seating adjacent to the ordering area is limited and unimpressive.  Sorry- I know there are a lot of Old City Coffee die hards out there but like I said, I will update once I try my first sip of coffee, i promise!
The location was great and from the outside, I thought I was in for a nice, cute cafe tucked in Old Town.  While the tea was pretty good and I appreciated that they had it in bulk, I knocked off points for the ambience.  I was not greeted with the typical, "Hello! How are you?" that I have come to expect from my favorite cafes in Philly.  Instead, I was pressed to order and even after telling the barista that I needed time to think, she quickly asked if I was ready yet.  I was considering ordering more, but I don't like feeling pressured so I just got some tea.

However, this was my first visit, so maybe a second try would yield different results.  Overall, expect great pastries and drinks, but maybe not the best customer service.
When boo and I lived near the Reading Terminal Market we'd go to Old City Coffee at least once a week. I always thought it was fine although I'm not much of an aficianado to tell the difference. My drink of choice is a large iced Americano. It's just several shots of expresso over ice with water added. 

The other morning we were working out at the Old City Sweat when boo started jonesing for a coffee. OCC is right around the corner so we stopped in the charming albeit steamy shop on Church St. There was a steady crowd and we waited patiently inline. I ordered my normal Americano and stepped aside while it was being made. Instead of pouring the expresso over the ice the barista poured the piping hot liquid into the cold cup and then added ice after. What this does is breaks down the plastic and chemicals from the cup can leach onto the coffee. This came off to me as carelessness. I decided not to speak up as there was a bit of a line and it's not really my style to cause a disturbance but I plan on keeping my distance from OCC, especially in a city with so many other great options.
Nice staff, great coffee and good location! Their cold brew in the summer is also consistently delicious and well made! I only with they had more food to choose from but that's ok!
I've worked around the corner from here for a year and a half and I'm kicking myself in the ass for not coming in sooner. The staff is friendly and accommodating, the food is fresh, and the tea is awesome. What more could you ask for??  Keep doin what youre doin.
I honestly dont know why people like this place so much. I went there with friends and had a latte a cappuccino and an espresso. They were all so disappointing that non of us finished their drinks. Beans are pretty much burnt and milk was steamed poorly. Sad to say id rather go to a starbucks
I will definitely continue patronizing this cafe. The location is so quaint and special and their espresso beverages and regular cup of joe are delicious. It's great to be able to enjoy something other than Starbucks. On my last visit I also had a slice of their  marble coffee cake and it was outstanding. Prices are very comparable to Starbucks but well worth supporting a local cafe in Philly.
I had my first cappuccino here when I was maybe 13. 17 years later, it's still the best I've had, although I'm generally an espresso guy these days. The old marble tables are a nice break from the earth tone couches and track lighting of other joints.  I wish they carried some decent baked goods instead of their lousy house-baked muffins, but this place is about coffee, both brewed and beans, and nobody compares.
Moved out of the city a year ago and this is one of those places I really miss on a Sunday morning. That's how I know it's a 5-star rating for me.

The highlights:

The OCC Egg Sandwich:  Although now discontinued, it was my favorite breakfast sandwhich in the world. As we speak I'm trying to caramelize onions (unsuccessfully) to recreate it. I recommend you start a petition to bring it back.

The San Fran coffee blend: I had them grind it in the store for me. Not to strong but full of flavor. Since moving to the burbs I've become a Starbucks drinker. :(

The service: I best describe it as honest.  Not overly friendly fake, just some nice people doing there best to get you coffee and food and saying hello.  I always liked how it was slightly chaotic and inefficient.  Had a very real feeling to it.
I like the coffee and the food.  The staff is usually friendly but the hipster girl cost them some stars.
Without a doubt some of the best coffee in  Philly. On par with La Colombe. Bonus points for the serve-yourself setup. The perfect place to pop in and out of in under 2 minutes on your way to work. Skip Starbucks and patronize this shop.
This is the best coffee in Old City, hands down. I've tried a bunch of places in the area: the one on 3rd between Chestnut and Market, the one further North on 3rd close to Race street, the one on Chestnut, close to 2nd, among others and the coffee at OCC is superb in terms of taste-not bitter or acidic. Their whole beans are excellent as are the coffee drinks, of which there are a lot of fun options even milkshakes. I haven't had the tea but they have an excellent selection. The people who work there are really nice, helpful and unpretentious unlike some other places that seem to only hire surly hipsters.

Dogs aren't allowed even just to order and go, so I'm not a fan of that but then again Philly is hardly has favorable to doggies as I'm used to in Portland. The seating isn't anything impressive but they do have an extra room next to the ordering counter, and it tends to be pretty quiet, which is nice if you want to actually get some work done.
Great coffee here! They brew in small batches and depending on the day you go into the shop, you will probably have a different brew. That is not a bad thing, though. Every batch that I have had is great. 

Another plus is that they accept credit cards regardless of the price. Credit card minimums are dumb to me and it's really cool that this spot doesn't have a minimum. 

I would have given this shop 5 stars if it wasn't for their wifi rules. You only get an hour unless you buy another cup. The wifi was also spotty at times. If I am going to have to keep buying coffee to get wifi, I expect it to be up all the time and super fast.
The coffee was strong and bold. The iced chai latte with almond milk was fantastic. The tea had a nice spicy honey flavor, possibly one of the best chais I've had in a very very long time.
Any time I'm in Old City, I make a point to stop in this sweet, somewhat out of the way coffee shop. Hidden on Church street, between 2nd & 3rd, just off Market, this place is worth the find! Whether you like your caffeine hot or cold, in the form of tea or coffee - this place has your fix. And plenty of fresh baked goods (the peanut butter cookies are especially delicious) a sneak peak into the back while you're waiting in line offers a view into where these treats are whipped up daily.

With a wide assortment of whole bean coffee for purchase & an entire wall of loos leaf tea, you can take it to go, or take it for home. But if you choose to stay, there's free wi-fi and plenty of seating, in a separate room for increased privacy from the hustle and bustle of the register area. There are also a few tables outside - but weather permitting, they're rarely available. Great for lunch on the go, there's a great selection of ready made lunches & the soups are home-made worthy.
Great little coffee shop with excellent coffee and baked goods on the most charming street in old city (Church Street). I live really close by and it is a great place to get a coffee or get some beans to make coffee at home.  I wish that their back seating area was a little bit more cozy and comfortable and that they had more cooked food items (egg sandwiches etc.) and then they would get 5 stars in my book.
A great place to relax and enjoy a cup of coffee while you're in Old City. As a coffee shop, it gets the job done: good coffee, relaxing (if a little boring) environment to get work done, and good service. A nice alternative to the Starbucks machine.
I just moved to Old City from Bethesda and have been trying to find a good coffee place. Old city coffee had potential but after about the 5th time going I will no longer go back because consistently every time I go I get some sort or attitude from the Baristas. This last time the baristas sat behind the counter and made fun of my order right in front of me, showing very poor customer service. I'm paying for a product, please just make the product without the attitude.
House baked goods, self roasted coffee, great barista with a lot of coffee knowledge and great recommendations. 

Above all, very nice and "european" style cafe space with a whole lot of personality. =) Love it!!! 

My favorite coffee shop in the city.
Real coffee in a world inundated by Starbucks! If you are an anti Starbucks coffee person( only because it is not very good coffee) and that first cup matters you have found the spot. Smooth as silk and that Vegan cranberry muffin is heaven. Enjoy!
Love the place - great coffee. Decent selection of coffee beans and tea for brewing at home too. The staff is warm and friendly and the cafe has a decent (and quiet) seating area. I like to come here over my lunch hour, grab a latte and read a book, and I rarely have a problem grabbing a table. This place seems to have fewer people on laptops and more groups having quite conversations or individuals grading papers or reading. If the weather's nice, you can sit at the two tables right outside the door, or head down to the benches across from Christ Church. 

The snacks are a bit hit and miss - more so because I never know what will be on hand. One day there are muffins, the next day cookies, and so on. But, I always grab a slice of the Jewish Apple Cake if available - it's rather yummy.
Sorry maybe because we're not regulars, but I don't get the good reviews. I had a latte with everything bagel and veggie cream cheese and the wife had blueberry muffin with iced mocha latte. Everything was bland but the cream cheese. That with the attitude was enough to keep me from coming back. And we're staying 100 ft from the place. 

Disappointing...
nice ambience but I got rude service. I was told three times the internet time is 1 hour and asked 2-3 times what I wanted when I clearly was still looking and hadn't decided. The internet was a bit slow, using Skype did not work for me. I think the coffee was a bit over-roasted. It is possible to get good coffee in the us (I just moved here from sweden). Yesterday I went to Potitos which was much better - perfect coffee, service and wifi.
Can't say I've actually had the coffee, but they have a solid chai and a decent seating area. 

I am one of those people that actually likes Starbucks, but I always smile when I see an independent coffee shop - this place does not disappoint. 

The only downside is that it's a little noisy - for some reason the place echoes.
I LOVE the coffee here.
However, the amenities and service is just eh. The wireless service is not free; you have to buy something, and you have to specifically ask for a wireless code on your receipt. The wireless code only works for a specific amount of time, as well.

If your looking for great coffee, however, to take on the road. This is a good place to try.
My love for this coffee shop is... deep. This place? Adorable! Quaint! Introspective!!! Every time I'm in Old City, I always swing by this coffee shop and I hate to say it, but sitting inside this café (or outside on a nice day) makes me feel like I'm in a damn indie film. Have written some of my best poetry here, something about it makes me thoughtful and nostalgic. 

Great coffee too- will say it's on the more expensive side (but it's a local place and also in Old City so let's be real here).
I ordered a cappuccino and it was perfect with delicious frothy creamy milk on top. Great location on a quiet side street near attractions.  A couple of tables outside.
Cute little place to study or catch up with your friend over coffee, tea, cookies and ice cream. They brew some sick coffee here, fresh everyday, over ice or straight hot.

The services do not notify you when they put your drink on the counter, you can assume it's yours.
I live nearby and go in to buy a bagel often. The bagels are good---good enough to keep me coming back despite the incredibly rude behavior of the staff. 

I prefer my home brew to store bought. Since I am not purchasing a coffee along with the bagel, they are surly toward me. Is it too much to expect friendly and polite service with my purchase? You would think that hospitality it is one of the most important aspects of a service business, along with quality products, especially  toward a regular customer. 

As soon as I find a bagel of equal or better quality I will take my unappreciated business elsewhere.
The iced chai was pretty watered down, and for the 5 dollars I paid for it you'd figure they wouldn't put a measly 1 hour limit on the wifi, which only works for 1 device at a time. The location is cute, but everything else merits a pass.
