The diner-style seating and Greek grandma-ladies behind the counter kicked things off to a promising start during stop three of an Old City pizza crawl. Homemade desserts called from behind a display window, but it was the pies we were after. Pizza pies. 

A slice of cheese and a slice with crumbled sausage were placed on our table, hot from the oven. This pizza had so much potential, with a nice crunch to the entire crust and the delicious crumbled sausage. Alas, the cheese had no oozy stretch. As my boyfriend later recounted to friends, "government cheese laughed at this cheese."
I was one of the tourists that apparently make the mistake of stopping at Old City Pizza to grab a quick bite.  This was the worst restaurant experience in my life.  The old hag was very rude and hateful.  There was a fly in my food.  She forced me to pay.  I reported them to the health dept.  Do not set foot in this dump.
Old City Pizza has been my biggest disappointment in the city so far. The chicken parm sandwich was pretty mediocre, the wings are disappointing and the Stromboli's aren't worth the calories. Although I didn't have any, the pizza looks like a cheap imitation of the rest of the pizza found in Old City. The service was also pretty spotty. My advice? Go down an extra block to Gianfranco's.
Old City Pizza is like the old Clint Eastwood movie.  It has the good, the bad and the ugly.

The good-
1. The location
2. Great old building
3. Extensive menu
4. Inexpensive

The bad-
1. Marginal wait staff
2. Marginal quantities

The Ugly
1. Poor cheese on the pizza
2. Inconsistent cooking
3. Meh flavor

There are way too many options in the area to waste your time on this place.
Old City Pizza is an ok joint. They are fast and cheap and their servings are humongous. They are conveniently located in the Old City neighborhood and are within walking distance to different historic landmarks.

The service was good and the waitress positively spoiled my pregnant cousin (because pregnant ladies bring good luck, according to Greek custom). The food was quick to be served and the pizza and Philly cheese steak was alright.

However, if you have the patience, I would counsel going elsewhere. This is only because I find Philadelphia to be a great food city, and Old City Pizza is just not a place to get a good sense of this.
Got a pie to go. Pepperoni and sausage with extra cheese.  This is what a pie should be when you ask for extra cheese!  So good!  The sausage seemed a little over cooked and could have been left overs from something else's but it was still so good. Met a few locals eating here so I trust it is a decent place. You can't go wrong with a pie from here. Can't wait to try their sandwiches!
I lived in Old City for 2 years right next to this place.  When I moved there I was so pumped to have a pizza joint right next to me.   Wrong.

The owners are so rude.  The lady who works the counter and answers the phone needs an attitude adjustment.  Someone get her a drink, stat!  When she answers the phone you get "Old City Pizza, What do you want?!"  ... when you go in, she doesn't even look at you until she's good and ready to help you.  This turned me off so much that I became an infrequent customer who only went in times of desperation.. which is pitiful seeing as it was so convenient.  I just can't support a local business who treats their customers as if they're not appreciated.

Dear Old City Pizza... there are plenty of other places to eat on Market Street! Businesses who are actually delighted that you stopped in. Get over yourselves.


The only reason they get a 2 stars is because the location is prime, and, the pizza isn't all that bad.  The cheese steaks are hit or miss.  The fries suck.

Not recommended.... unless you're in a super tight bind on the corner of 3rd and Arch and you have two broken legs.
Food was mediocre and overprice. More importantly, the old woman behind the counter was rude, rude, rude. I can't believe people tolerate such terrible customer service. Anyone that is complacent with these horrendous people taking their money needs a reality check.
Depending on the time of day, the augury of the local pigeons, the retrograde of Mars, and the rising of Venus Old City Pizza can be amazing one time you go and the next time horrible.  There is no consistency.  Also, if it's summer you can expect to get AC water dripped on you either on the way in or the way out as a huge wall unit is directly over the front entrance.  If you don't like pizza prepared in the Greek style, this is not the place for you!

A few pluses:
-They are open later than a lot of the food joints in Old City.  
-They have tables unlike other pizza places on 3rd Street.
-Their staff is very friendly.
-Great olives, anchovies, and feta!
I bought a cannoli, planning to eat half as a lunch snack and the other half for after dinner. When I cut it in half, it was completely empty!! What the heck! Not that I needed the calories, but what kind of scammer only fills their cannoli on the ends?!! Plus it was $3. Three dollars for a hallow cannoli! I gave 2 stars because their pizza is tasty.
3.5 stars

I found myself looking for a sensible lunch spot in old city after I forgot to bag lunch. I remembered seeing ocp during my after lunch walks in oc, so I decided to try it out. 

This is a typical pizzeria that serves a multitude of ''Italian ish'' items. But the big difference is, the place is, I assume, owned and operated by a trio of Greek women that looked to be the old school no bulls#it type. They weren't friendly [they weren't rude], but that doesn't bother me. 

I ordered the cheese steak hoagie, you know, to be healthy. While waiting I seen huge slices of pizza... I'm talking bigger than Lorenzo's on south street!!  I felt a bit jealous!! 

Side note. There is a sign that says to seat yourself and be waited on, or order at counter. I was on a budget and felt like if I sat and ate at their table, I would be compelled to tip...I ended up doing a top go order to forego the tip, yes, I'm a poor working class kinda guy. Also, as I mentioned, staff wasn't all that friendly.

This is where my choices came to haunt me. It was hot as hell outside... 95 i believe. So I made the choice to eat in the shade, at the Quaker house across the street. Which was later interrupted by tourist going on a walking tour. Lol. Can't a guy eat good cheese steak In peace in the sweltering heat??

Anyway. The cheese steak was decent. The meat to bread ratio was a bit off. The bread was nice and toasted. The main flavor came from the mayo. Tomato slices werent the freshest or it was the heat that caused it to soften. price was fair for the area. I'd prob stop by to try a slice. But other than that, it felt like a desperate stop for me. 

They are nice enough to have a low minimum credit card charge, $5.
Paper thin, greasy, tasteless pizza. 
Also horrible is the rude, bitter customer services.
When it's a hot day and you're wandering about the city of Philadelphia in between the Liberty Bell and the home of Betsy Ross, you're going to need to take a break - this is where Old City Pizza comes in. 

A small, old style restaurant that has a seriously full menu that is full of what sounds like delicious food. 

I ordered a simple slice - sausage. The pizza slice is giant. What would be a typical slice doubled. It was amazingly crispy and fantastic. 

My son went out on a limb and asked for a Philly Cheesesteak - but with half provolone and half whiz. He's been reluctant to try it with Cheez Whiz because he could never figure out why people ate them that way. Not three bites into the toasty roll was his mind changed forever. I don't think he'll ever eat a cheesesteak with provolone again. There was just "something about the saltiness of the whiz that made it better.."

To top it off, the kid then ordered a slice of rose berry cake. He said it had a great flavor and was just perfect. 

The waitress (the only one there) was more than happy to cater to us - and all the other patrons. I want to guess it's a Greek family based upon her accent and having some Greek dishes available on the menu(??) Could be? 

Anyway, the lunch was probably the best we'll have in Philly while we visit. And for less than $25; it was a steal!
Ordered an Old City Special medium pizza to go. OMG, soooo good!!! Excellent service, very fast. Cheap and delicious. It's a must!!!!
Without a doubt one of the worst slices of pizza I've ever had . Would have given one star but unlike the other poor reviews here , the owner and counter staff --were super nice . 
I'm glad tourists like this joint and I wish them continued success , but no self respecting Philadelphian Local --would ever eat here. Not only is this slice not representative of all the best pizza philly has to offer in a slice , but I wouldn't even go here again in a pinch .

Dry, doughy yet hard --barely any sauce , tasteless  cheese , what looked like banana peppers instead of green , and a small smattering of crumbles of sausage that looked like a bird took a dump on my slice .
Woman cleaning tables is kind of obnoxious for no reason as soon as you walk through the door. Ordered two slices (one cheese, one pepperoni) - both were incredibly bad. I don't think I've ever thrown away pizza in my life, but I couldn't eat this.
If you live in the area, then you know this place.  They offer decent food for a decent price.  In my opinion, the pizza is 5-star.  The perfect balance between taste and price.  Believe me, there is better pizza out there, but not for less than this place.

The owners are nice people, although if you catch the mother on a bad day... watch out!  They always give plenty of napkins and condiments and often deliver in half the time of other pizza places.


The reason I gave this place 3-stars is because I found a bone in my chicken cheesesteak.  I know, it's my fault.  No self respecting Philadelphia resident orders a chicken cheesesteak.  But I'm a transplant and I had a taste for something different.
Home away from home. I've eaten through most of the menu, it's always very good. Everything is made to order, with very fresh ingredients. I've never had anything I have not liked, and have never had a negative experience. They have a really big menu as well, with wings and hoagies to Italian classics like veal parm. And yes, the pizza is awesome. I'd highly recommend OCP to anyone new to philly- it's also great when you have the munchies when you're drunk.
Your average, local pizza joint.  They make "greek" pizza...and I'm not talking feta cheese and olives.  I mean the pizza-type they make is the type found at most Greek-owned pizza places (harder, sour crust, tangy cheese).  I personally like it a lot.    OCP's version is hit-and-miss a lot of the time.  Sometimes it's good and others it's below average.  And their large is only 14" but it's priced like most place's 16".  

Cheesesteaks are average.  Fries, too.  Desserts are so-so.  

Since this place is about 1 minute from my apartment I go here at times (and it's open pretty late).  I would probably say stay away, though.  Gianfrancos is right down the street.
I had their mega big slices a few times and that is the only thing pizza wise I recommend getting. The pies are way overpriced for what you get. I got a margarita pizza and was so dissappointed.  Too much sauce not enough basil or mozzarella. The mozzarella came off in chucks meaning one bite into the cheese pulled the entire slice of cheese off the rest of the pizza slice. I also watched the cashier make my salad, she did not wash her hands or put on gloves - this is the main reason I am giving one star.
PROS: This place was spacious compared to other pizzerias in the area. Located close to the betsey Ross house it makes it a great stop for lunch while visiting. The place is clean, the staff is nice, prices are right, and there's a large variety to choose from on the menu

CONS: like many places this place has no parking, except for the street which is limited. The bathroom was very dirty when I went in there as well. Also, I went with a group and they don't sell the 2L bottles unless they're being delivered for some reason.

OVERALL: nice place to eat, and definitely better than other pizza places. If you're on foot and don't use the bathroom I do recommend coming here
Really enjoyed our visits here during our recent weekend. gyros and spanakopita were excellent. breakfast sandwiches top-notch. excellent service. great vibe. will return. TY.
I got a slice of pizza to go, pepperoni total $3.51. It was worth every penny! This pizza reminded me of the pizza sold in my childhood everywhere from a truck or the local 'Pizza Parlor' as they were called in the 70's. I lived in East Oak Lane in Philadelphia there was a place called Harvey Pizzeria st 10th and Godfrey. Each bite of this slice from Old City Pizza brought back such fond memories. 

Moving away from my personal pizza journey. A single slice from Old City Pizza struck a perfect balance of cheese sauce and flavor. Generally I add garlic and hot pepper seeds, in this case it was not necessary. I added hot simply because I like spicy food. But the flavor was outstanding all by itself. Although there was some grease it wasn't the kind to drip off the plate. One slice was served hot prompt a delicious!
I went to Philadelphia as a tourist not too long ago and I went on a quest to find the best Philly Cheese steak. I went to every single historic location and left with a mediocre flavored meat sandwich. In the five days I was there I had a total of 13 Philly Cheese steaks. That is not an exaggeration. Now I cannot speak for their pizza, but this place had the best Philly Cheese steak out of them all. They serve it with the appropriate alternative, provolone cheese. I was surprised how good it was. The meat was flavored very well. 

If my wife and I decide to go back to Philly for another trip, this place is going to be a repeat visit.
Big mistake to not read other Yelpers comments first.  I guess that's why this place stays in business, high traffic, but perhaps not much repeat business?  I was in a hurry and needed to eat in 10 minutes.  Another mistake.

I ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza.  I watched the pizza man take a cold cheese slice from inside a box, they don't even keep their slices out under heat lamps so you can see how nice they are.  Because they aren't nice!  He added slices of pepperoni to it.  Yeah you can guess what's coming.

He puts it in the oven for what -- 3 minutes?  It comes out barely hot, and the pepperoni is still gummy, of course, because he cheated.  The crust is tasteless and slightly chewy, the cheese is worse than tasteless, there's almost no tomato sauce.  Probably the worst slice I have ever had, worse than Pizza Hut and Dominoes by far, and that is saying something.

OUCH!
The pizza was mediocre and the owners were rude. I guess the only thing this place has going for it is its location.
Absolutely horrible food I got the ziti with sauce and sausage and the sausage was plain and not even cooked the only thing that I liked was the fries and that's it
The perfect end to a quick weekend in Philadelphia had me hunger for pizza. After my fill of Dunkin Donuts and Moriarty's Irish Pub Bar food, I was a but hungry after 4 hours at 8pm, so I checked out the yelp app as to what restaurants was still open this late on a Sunday night and very nearby to the Wyndham hotel on 4th and Arch Street, so my tired marathon legs doesn't have to walk too far for sustainable. Pizza and Italian food seemed to be the way to go and I headed there as fast as my legs to take me. The reviews seemed to be critical of this place, but I wanted to try this place out for myself and the experience wasn't bad at all. I got take out and the place was virtually empty when I got there. My hotel room mate wanted something as well, so we looked on the menu online and called it in before she sent me over to pick it up. Thankfully, I could just lay around 15 more minutes till I gotta get moving to pick up the order.

Old City Pizza joint is located on the quiet street intersection on Arch and 3rd Street, with Starbucks across the street. The restaurant itself is small, more or less a pizza parlor with a few tables and 3 booths for patrons to dine in. I was met with the lady of the restaurant, which I think is one of the owners. They do take credit cards, if the total amount of the order is above $5.00, so that was promising indeed. Maybe some people just buy drinks, which is probably why they have that signage at the register. For me, we ordered the 16" Old City Special calzone, was pretty good and tasty. I also gotten some French fries on the side and a bottle of Pepsi as well. If we can't finish it, there's always room for breakfast on the plane the next day, as we both were flying out the next day anyhow. 

So yeah. It was good to have pizza and to watch a nice movie in the hotel room while having our cal-zoned size pizza. It was as epic as they came, no doubt! It was tasty and the French fries were good. Definitely not the McDonald's or Burger King variety, so it was good nonetheless. The service at the Old City Pizza was good and pleasant. The owner lady was nice to me and the other dude, which I think is the other owner (husband and wife maybe?) was cool too. The interaction was brief and the exchange of credit card was swift. I was in and out within less than 5 minutes and that was great. 

If you are in the area for good pizza, give Old City Pizza a try. You'll be glad you did! Recommended for your pizza needs. My experience was that of take out and not dine in, so I would not have had the pleasure. But being in enough pizza places kind of makes me think I would get good service here as well, maybe at the off peak hours when you are catered to, rather than just being an order number. 

Support local!

B-
Just had some great pizza with a bunch of my family. The service was great and very friendly.
I have collapsed upon Old City Pizza more than once, collapsed being the apposite term. OCP is never in the plan for a night out in Old City, and yet, I find myself sliding in to their booths with a concerning frequency. A night that ends at Old City, however, always begins the same way. Let me set the scene.

My girlfriend and I are walking down Arch, her talking about work while I frantically search my Yelp app to see if there is some restaurant within walking distance where can get a reasonable, quick bite to eat. National Mechanics. No, their veggie burger is scary and unappetizing. Revolution House? No, the worst place in Philadelphia. Han Dynasty? No, we eat there too much already. Continental? No, too expensive. 

Alright, fine, let's get a 14-inch pizza from Old City. It's nothing to write home about, but given some of the pizza I've had in Philly, even mediocre pizza is hard to come by. And so, we order a pizza, always light on the cheese, heavy on the dough, and decent with the toppings. It's a place to fill the tank and move on. $5 or $6 a person if you split a pizza, a price hard to beat in the area. 

It's definitely a family place. When you enter, you'll be greeted by a sign saying "seat yourself," and in all likelihood, you'll be waited on by an elderly, curt woman, who makes up for what she lacks in conversational banter with timely service. The guys behind the counter might crack a few jokes that you'll inevitably miss, and before too long, you'll be on your way stuffed with decent pizza.
Decent pizza. I've gotten the meat lover a couple time and they were good. It's better to take out because the atmosphere isn't too friendly. The staffs weren't too super welcoming neither. Overall, it wouldn't be a bad place to grab a quick bite!
Glitter... It's like the herpes of craft supplies. It never comes off.

I'm in a Dharma Initiative jumpsuit.

The Phillies are losing a World Series to the Yankees.

I'm at Lucy's Hat Shop with Santa, a gypse, several Lady Gagas, an interrupting Kanye West, Vince Shlomi AND Billy Mays, a sexy devil, a sexy firefighter and a St. Pauli girl.

Let me back this up a bit.

Our specific Lady Gaga tripped on 3rd St.

Let me start from the beginning.

I carpooled with Lady Gaga.

Now back to the middle.

I was hungry, so I went to the corner for a cheesesteak which I split with the St. Pauli girl. It was decent. I think she opted for something weird, like mayo. But, that'd never go with my preferred whiz on a cheesesteak.

This was after getting stuck in the elevator with Santa, Lady Gaga, Jessica Rabbit and Britney Spears.

This was Halloween.

Why am I writing this in July?

I think I finally got rid of all of Gaga's glitter from the inside of my car.

I should've dressed up like Quentin Tarantino, but I could never pull that off.
Okay so, I was a big Lorenzo's fan. I didn't scramble for a replacement, because I didn't expect to find it.

Then I came across this place, unsuspectingly. $2.70 for a plain slice, and it's huge! YES! I had stumbled upon a new place with awesomely huge slices. This place not only has the potential to satisfy the Lorenzo's lover, but also the Lorenzo's hater. That's right. 

While the slices are sizable, they also have appropriate proportions of sauce and cheese, and they are not overly gooey (sigh). 

Also, it's super cute in there. Good service. I love pizza.
My husband and I were visiting Philly for the first time and ended up at this fine establishment! It was by chance because I really needed to use the bathroom and it seemed like there was nowhere else in the entire city that would allow you to use theirs.
So we just stayed for a quick bite. I got a veggie sub and my hubby got a chicken parm dish, which he was in love with!
The people were pretty nice.
Also, I overheard a guy saying that he was from Arizona, had spent 8 days in the area and had like 6 Philly cheese steaks so far and those were the best he's had yet. He said he didn't have a Yelp or do any online reviews, so I thought I'd throw that in here as well.
I'd recommend to anyone looking for a quick bite of scrumptious food!
Our waitress took a really long time for anything and I could barely understand her. She also wasn't all that friendly. The place was kind of dirty looking inside and the menu is very confusing. Everything I tried to order she either didn't have or "she doesn't do that." Don't waste your time.
Just stopped in for a slice of pizza while waiting for the bus to come by on a freezing night. Had my hot pepperoni slice ready in 3 minutes flat and it was delicious!  And huge. I haven't had another slice of pizza that tastes that good and for such a low price in Philly before. 
I was so pleased, I wanted to ask if they deliver but my bus was coming and I had to run (yup, I just ate my slice on the bus- illegally I suppose). I'll be coming back here again- that's for sure.
The help wasn't that friendly and the vegetable pizza left something to be desired. My friends seemed to think their meals were all right though.
How does this place have 2.5 stars? Their pizza slices are the size of your torso for the small price of $3!! One slice will fill you up- don't get more than one!! The pizza itself isn't the best in the world but hey when it comes to pizza.. quantity over quality.
This is a family owned and operated place, and the food is excellent! We had homemade lentil soup, and some great pizza! Would definitely come back here next time we're in town!
The mega sized pizza slice was the perfect amount of food (like 1/4 pizza) for the right price ($2.50!) Our server preternaturally knew the perfect amount of food to suit my needs. Highly satisfying, will be a repeat customer!
If you looking for something quick and easy, this is the place to go if you live in the neighborhood.  You can always call and they will have your food ready when you arrive.  They offer quick Italian cuisine, soup, pizza, wraps, salads. and home made lasagna.
MEGA SLICES ARE AMAZING. How can you beat cheap, quick, and easy slice of pizza for $2.50? The slices are totally worth the trip to this place. It's so cheap and fast, really great if you're looking for a decent slice. Taking one star off bc the rest of the menu isn't that great and the service isn't that spectacular. But the mega slice is by far the best deal in that area.
I have never visited the restaurant but I do order delivery from there.  
While I would not call Old City Pizza gourmet or top notch by any means, it definitely deserves 5 stars for a reasonably priced delivery establishment in Old City. In a world of Postmates, Caviar, etc, which all have hefty delivery fees plus service charges (that don't go to the driver), Old City saves your wallet.

For this order, I was in the mood for some chicken soup, a grilled cheese, and some rice pudding.  While I don't know if Old City makes their own soup or uses a mix, it was definitely not only tasty but piping hot when it got to my door.  The grilled cheese was a plain, gooey, hit the spot sandwich with added tomatoes.  Again, nothing fancy, but comfort food.  The rice pudding also had good flavor.

This will definitely be my go to take-out/delivery spot as I am tired of paying ridiculous prices for Caviar and Postmates.
Yeah, it's often filled with tourists (and the occasional wedding?!), but it's been a stop for me plus friends for delicious wings since I started high school. The pizza is packed with cheese and the small personal pizza is enough for two or maybe three to share. Every other fast/comfort dish is alright, I already mentioned their two best high lights. The only dissapointment I encountered here was their chicken cheese steak. They use like..cubes of chicken instead of chipped meat. That was kind of a downer. I think their prices went up too, but none the less, it's not a bad place to stop in for a decent dinner when you're in old city.
The ladies that work here are not the warm and fuzzy kind.  They're actually tough and rough around the edges but they serve your food quickly.  Pizza is great but the slices are huge!  Worth the trip.
This place is literally a stones throw from my place and looks nice enough and is open late. Unfortunately the pie disappoints and withstanding the direst of circumstances, I'll likely be looking elsewhere for my pizza.

Cons
-'Interesting Crust' - this is the Alpha and Omega of pizza, nothing else matters if you can't get this right. OCP makes the questionable call of a space-aged crust, ultra light and crumbly in that partially-hydrogenated way such that delivers state of the art, styrofoamish resistance to moisture and corn starch-like mouth feel. In some parts, this is cutting edge crust (someone else on this list said 'roller rinks'), I guess I'm little more old world.

Pros
-Open Late
-Speedy delivery.
-Cheap. (Notice I didn't say affordable?)
GREAT Cheesesteak. Pizza was also great. Waitress very friendly and efficient. Affordable.
found this on yelp. One block from our hotel (Wyndham).  The best pizza I had in a long time.  everything on my "Old City Special " was fresh.  A 10" for $10.50 was a great price.  If you order the salad,  be prepared it's big enough for 4 people. Only drawback was it was really warm in the restaurant. I still think it's a good stop for pizza lovers.
I have never been so disrespected in my life by a business owner. When the pizza wasn't delivered for over an hour, we called and asked what the hold up was, and the owner said they are no longer bringing us our pizza and hung up on us. Horrid. Horrible people.
Note to self: Next time you're in Philadelphia, and you've been walking for hours, and you plan to have lunch some time in the near future... don't just walk into the first place that advertises Philly cheese steaks as a menu item. (Yes, I was a tourist, and I wanted to have the staple tourist food!)

It wasn't a bad Philly cheese steak, but I was in Philly... and I wanted an AMAZING cheese steak.  It's unfortunate that the one chance I got to eat in the city, I didn't go to a place well noted for them.  But I was nearby Betsy Ross's house, it was 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and I was starving.  I just wanted to eat.  Anywhere.  I might have had better luck at a street vendor.  Service was rather odd, too.  I walked in and didn't know whether or not to just seat myself or wait for a hostess.

(*In reference to the experience I had in late May, 2010.)
This place is terrible. I wish I could give it zero stars. Ordered a grilled chicken pesto panini the other night. Everyone know what a panini looks like right? Ok this "panini" looked like someone took two soggy pitas and slapped some overcooked, chewy chicken breasts (not even cut if I may add) and slapped a measly amount of pesto sauce with an even measlier amount of peppers and gross mushrooms. I'm appalled at how they could even pass this off to a customer. I could have made a better "panini" myself!
The pizza here is mediocre at best. The service is poor and usually pretty rude. You can't order a slice of pizza you can only order a whole pie. 

For the money I'd rather go to Soho pizza or Gianfrancos down the block.
Stumbled into this place after visiting Betsy Ross's house. Kids can't stop taking about the awesome chicken fingers. Cheese steak was very good. The sub roll it was on was exceptional. My daughter said we have to go now every time we visit Philly. Great little find!
The worst!!!!! For 2.5 hours they assured me my pizza was on its way. Only to tell me the last time I called them that they don't deliver to my neighborhood. That's information that would have been useful to me when I first called!!!!! You suck!
Pepperoni and extra cheese Pizza and a raspberry tea never tasted so good! Yummy! In addition to the friendly staff! Great conversation with the gentleman behind the counter!
Use to be better, the quality has dropped unfortunately within the last couple of years. What happened? Different cooks, lack of caring? Greek Pizza lacked any pizzazz and taste. Definitely not New England Pizza quality. Soup was ok nothing outstanding. The Sandwiches were small and tasteless. I tried the Steak sandwiches and Meatball Parm (where is the beef?) If you go,  stick with some of the Greek specialties like Spanakopita or Greek salads etc.  I don't really want to kill this place since its ok if you want a half decent meal at a lower price than you would pay at most places in that hood. Very bland atmosphere and small and cramped to boot.  For me, there is just to much competition for good food in that area to settle for this slop. Sorry :(
A little more than your typical corner pizza joint.  Along with the staple items, this place opens early enough for breakfast, offer delicious, home made desserts, and both Greek and Italian items.  Be warned!  Their pizza slices are large enough to use as a sail!  Seriously!  Biggest slices in the city!!
This well-located eat-in, take-out, or delivery restaurant always seems to be full of tourists or people not from this neighborhood. That's probably cause the locals know how bad it is. Sometimes the pizza is ok, but it is more of a deep dish non-NY style pizza. Personally, Pizza Hut's crust is better. The cheesesteaks are usually really dry because they toast the bread in the oven which makes it too crusty and dry. They do have some good deserts though. Cheesecake and baklava. I've even tried some of their greek dishes but didn't find them all that great either. All in all, it's a shame cause they're in a really prime location.
I really enjoyed this place. I am in town on business and have been wandering around trying to find places that are not typical chains. This is definitely one of them... And the food was delicious. The staff on site were also extremely polite and quick. I will definitely be returning and will be encouraging my team members to go eat there too when they are in town. Anastasia was extremely helpful!
For the price this place is amazing.  Gigantic slice for $2.75. Toppings 50 cents each! Great if you're on a budget.  Spaghetti dinner for $8. The menu is varied,  comfort food and tasty. I got a mega slice with mushrooms.  I'd have skipped the mushrooms,  they basically put canned mushrooms on top of a cheese pizza. The crust and cheese were good. And the slice was huge!
My friends and I decided to order "to go" since we were short on time - figured we'd sit and eat quickly and save the other half for the road. Tipped her after paying for the order, which she thanked us for. Sat down and after taking three bites into my sandwich, the lady suddenly comes over and tells us all to leave as we did not order dine-in and were therefore not allowed to eat at the table. We were supposedly being unfair to her and the other customers, even though there was only one other couple here and plenty of open seats available. 

Should have taken that tip back.
These guys crack me up. The women that serve here are legitimately always angry. They hate when you order food here. I come here a lot bc I live in the area that it's just gotten funny at this point. Also, I'm pretty sure they just make up the prices with however they're feeling that day bc I order the same thing every time and I get charged different prices.

That being said, the food is pretty good, the place is clean inside. It's nice for a just a simple, quick little sit down dinner or for pickup (I guess delivery too but I've never ordered). You won't be mad when you leave here but certainly nothing spectacular
I stopped by Old City Pizza during a First Friday event in the area, during which many local art galleries stay open late and offer free admission. Old City Pizza looked like just the type of local, intimate, family-owned restaurant I love. I ordered the Sausage Parma Panini, which was fantastic, and HUGE (I ate the 2nd half of the sandwich the next day for lunch). The price was reasonable and the atmosphere was clean and quaint. The only reason I didn't rate them 5 stars, is because of the service. 

You have the option to order at the counter or sit down and order. I sat down at a booth. My order was taken by the single waitress on duty, and delivered in a timely manner, but that was the last I saw of her. Nobody stopped by the table to ask if everything was ok or if I needed a refill on my drink. In fact, I later found out that they do NOT offer free refills. I asked for a Diet Coke to go, and was told I'd have to pay for another drink. During my stay, I could see the waitress spending a lot of time on her phone instead of checking on me or the few other customers in the restaurant.

Bottom line: great food, not-so-great customer service.
Ordered an Old City Special medium pizza to go. OMG, soooo good!!! Excellent service, very fast. Cheap and delicious. It's a must!!!!
My friend and I stopped in while roaming around Old City for First Friday, and while the pizza slices were enormous, the service left much to be desired.  The place was understaffed, and our pizza was sitting on the counter while the server attended to larger parties sitting by us, so we were afraid our pizza would get cold before it arrived at our table!  I was satisfied with the quality of the pizza itself, but once we were finished, we sat at the table for a good while until the server came back and said, "Oh, you can pay at the counter."  Really?  Why didn't you tell us that in the first place?  The chances of me coming back and eating in are slim, but since they deliver, I'd consider ordering from them, but eating it elsewhere.
My first and last time ever going to this place. I  just started a new job right by it and wanted to try it. The lady at the register is rude. I pointed at the cheeseburger platter that was 7.00 I guess because she can't see she charged me for the items individually. (A dollar plus more) I asked for coleslaw that came with platter she just ignored me. The order wasn't completed the way I ordered it...shocker. The worst burger I think I ever had and the fries were soggy. Avoid this place. Bad service and terrible food.
I can say without a doubt this is the worst pizza place I've personally ever been to. From the wings to the hoagies, the cheesesteaks and cannoli - it all sucks. Where do I even start. If you get a slice a pepperoni, pray for more than 3 slices of pepperoni. If you get the wings, you will be shocked with how bad the sauce is and how awful the texture of the wing is. Cannoli have been sitting out for seemingly weeks. The hoagie rolls are as dry as they come. This place is a total waste of time. The only thing keeping them in business are the tourists who come here not knowing it sucks and never come back. If I could give it less than 1 Star I would!
This was my first time in this establishment and so I tried the pizza. It's was definitely a very large slice but was not impressed with the taste. The venue was small but cute. If I return, then I'll update this post.
We passed by this place and checked the rating on yelp to see what people think about this place. It only has 3 stars. But we looked inside and it looked like one of those local gems for comfort food. All we want is some good slices of pizza!  So we gave it a try.  

We ordered 2 plain slices (test slices) and they were delicious! The crust was thin and crispy. The cheese was evenly distributed. We would give it 6 stars if we could. We then ordered another slice with sausage on it. We are going to miss this place when we return back to NJ!!!

Staff were friendly too!!!
On the 4th of July we got in before it got crowded.  The service was quick considering the crowds, the food was average. 

If you order pizza you're safe, don't order the cheesesteak, dry and really not tasty.  

Overall it was ok, if looking for a quick slice or pie, give it a chance.  Again if you're going for the bathrooms, skip it as their reputation about dirty bathrooms truly is merited.
The reason it survives is the location and tables.  Pizza reminds me of what I used to get in roller skating rinks as a kid.  Would not recommend to people who have other options.
I came to Philadelphia for training for a job, and one of the things I was looking forward to experiencing about the city was the infamous Philly cheese steak. 

My comrades and I came into this restaurant intrigued by its neat old decor and advertisements for Philly cheese streak AND pizza.

Once in, there was NO ONE THERE BUT US, so we sat down at a large table (there were 6 of us). The first thing we hear is a waitress, a woman of 65 or 70,  snapping at us to sit at the 6-top... even though there was one else in the restaurant.

We ordered our food. It took awhile for it to get there. The waitress didn't give us refills on our drink until we asked while we were waiting all that time. One girl said "When you've got a moment, please give me a refill" and the waitress said "I'll do it now!" in an angry voice.

Finally, the food came, five cheese steaks, a burger and a large pizza. 

The waitress snaps at us "move your stuff! make room for the pizza!" and stunned, we do.

We ate, and the food was average. I mean, I wish I'd experienced better Philly cheese steak. The pizza was just okay.

We got our bill and... wait for it... the waitress didn't split it... FOR SIX PEOPLE, and she REFUSED to split it. Apparently they can't do that. They never even asked us if we wanted our bill split, which obviously we would with a large group of unrelated people. 

Most of us had cash, and we were just going to pay with that, but one girl only had a card, and the ATM in the restaurant didn't work. The waitress wanted to put it all on her card, but she didn't have enough on her card for the $60 bill. She whispered this to the waitress and the waitress YELLED, and I mean YELLED "She doesn't have enough money to pay for the whole meal on her card!" and the girl was so embarrassed she began to cry. 

We paid for her food, obviously, and left quickly. I was told when the guy paid the bill the waitress was annoyed we didn't give her a tip.

It was the worst service I've EVER had in my LIFE. I have been serving on and off since I was 14, so I don't usually judge servers. But this... this was awful. I would NEVER EVER eat there again. It was truly awful.
