3 stars...Olive Garden that could've been us, if the service was even mediocre. I was in a particularly great mood before we got there Friday night. My bridesmaids and I planned to have dinner after checking out their dresses (they looked gorgeous btw but I digress). The waitress wasn't very friendly and seemed annoyed at our party of six when we asked to split the check three ways. She was also annoyed when I asked for just an appetizer of fried mozzarella "you have to choose two," she stated. Ironically, after following her command and choosing two, only the fried mozzarella came out and she had to go get the chicken fingers *sigh.* Even the food gods were letting the waitress know she wasn't right. By entree time, four people in our party received their food. Half hour later, when those ladies were finished eating, the other two plates (mine included) were delivered with a lackluster "thanks for your patience." That's it, no apologies, explanations or manager visit. I didn't feel like destroying my emotional high and asking for a manager and just asked for a to-go box. Add insult to injury, my change was supposed to be $5.19 and she brought back $5.00. "Oh you're just gonna keep my $0.19 huh, huh?!" *in my Kevin Hart voice* After the waitress disappeared, we had to ask another server for bags for our to-go boxes. If you read my reviews, you know I'm definitely not a chain restaurant snob. In fact I'm probably on my way to being the duchess of Red Lobster any day now lol but after this experience, I'm far less than a fan of Olive Garden.
I like eating at this olive garden. Always good food. Comes out fresh and hot. The service is great. And the inside is so clean. Well maintained.

Recently came hear for lunch. The specials can't be beat. I had a eggplant parmesan with fries and salad and bread sticks. For under $10. It's seems to get crowded around the noon time. But you get seated fast. Some olive gardens are poorly ran.. But not this one. My number one favorite has always been the salad. But having a egg plant parm on a breadstick is by far one of the best u can get.

Look forward to coming back again. For lunch or even dinner.
I actually used to work at this particular Olive Garden as a waitress a few years ago. I can definitely attest to the fact that they are very strict about keeping everything clean, in both the kitchen and on the dining floor. The management staff is great and the servers/hostesses are always friendly. 

Even though Olive Garden is a fast food version of authentic Italian food, it is still delicious nonetheless. I eat here all the time, and the minor issues I may have had with food delivery are nothing compared to the number of times I've had great service and great food. 

I absolutely love the Sicilian Scampi & the Spinach Artichoke Dip for appetizers. I am disheartened at the fact that they removed my two favorite dishes from the menu, Tuscan Garlic Chicken & Chicken Vino Bianco, but they have many great items to choose from.
Never been to an olive garden in my life until this one. won't go back. i just wanted soup and breadsticks. thought that was a safe choice. i ordered the minestrone but they brought me pasta e fagioli, which for some reason had sausage in it. the soup was salty as hell. and then a roach crawled out of my breadsticks. Never again. I'm gagging just thinking about it.
I'm not even going to go into a lengthy review. There is no point. I was given TWO gift cards to this joint for the holidays, which was the only reason why I went. The food is terrible. The only thing I enjoyed was the salad. My string beans were cold and bland. My fish tasted like polluted Philly air. End of story. My waitress was super sweet, attentive, and quick. I tipped her well on account of the crappy food isn't her fault. 

Happy New Year!
Was never at a olive garden friends kept telling me to try it. Well first the good.Waitress was nice. That's it for the good. Unfortunately  some of worse chicken I ever had. Very rubbery could not finish it. Wife said the same of her salmon. Hey but the salads was good as everyone kept telling me. I'm not here for a salad.
Waitress offered to replace it.  Even though I was hungry had to pass. Plus while we waited to be seated I noticed a few  of the wait staff sitting in there cars in some of the closest parking spots. Ugh this place is the walmart of italian food.
I came in today with my daughter who happens to always ask for this place to eat when it is mommy/daughter time. We stopped in for lunch after she had gone to the dentist since we both haven't had breakfast or lunch yet. We went around 1130 am so it wasn't crowded, only one other customer was in there. 

The waitress was super friendly and fast with our drinks, salad, and breadsticks. She constantly checked on us to make sure we were doing okay, even after she had more tables to assist. My daughter ordered the chicken fingers and spaghetti and I had the fettucini alfredo small bowl with the lunch special for only $7.99.

 The kid's meal was $5.99 and was huge! My daughter just picked at the food--- but then again she may have been too occupied playing the table games. The fetticini was small but just enough, and we had endless breadsticks and salad which was really tasty as well. 

Overall, I am satisfied with the price, service and the taste of the food, thats why I give them a higher rating then last time.
This is my first time at this location it was not as bad as I thought from the other reviews.
Service: a bit slow during peak hours but the server was attentive and friendly. 
Atmosphere: cozy and pretty interior.
Hygiene: clean
Food: the unlimited breadstick is always good however, try not to eat a lot before your entrees ;) I got the roasemary garlic chicken. This came with a small portion of mashed potato and spinach. The chicken was cooked to perfection: juicy, soft and flavorful. The mashed potato was very creamy and rich. For the soup, I got the zuppas tocasnas which included spicy meat, potato, kale and in a light cream broth. This soup has always been my go-to choice at Olive Garden. The portion was decent and I enjoyed my meal here. I will be back in the future :)
I've gone here quite a few times and the food has never disappointed. For being a chain restaurant I'd say this Olive Garden is one of best in Philadelphia for sure. 

Every once in a while, or never for some people, there may be an inexperienced waitress/waiter which causes problems but it's only happened twice when I came here.
This place can really be off sometimes, from the service to the food. We've had really long waits, where we were there for over 2 hours after being seated. Also, recently the food has been barely average, with off flavors, not cooked through or just not very enjoyable meals, not sure if it's all of Olive Gardens or just here. Most likely this was the last visit here, as it seems to be getting worse every time we come.
Garbage! I seriously don't understand how people can still go here and enjoy a meal. I haven't been there in years and when I finally go back it's even worse than before. Never going back there again. The salad was good but it was a damn salad, who can eff up a salad lol. I don't know what the hype is about the breadsticks. The pasta I ordered was stuck together and the sauce watery. I ordered a white sauce and hubby ordered a red sauce pasta with shrimp. I took a bite out of his and idk how even even managed to eat half, the sauce was watery and tasteless and the amount of meat they put into the dish is a rip off. Will never be going back. It was a waste of time and money.
If you want to read the full story below go for it. Long story short. This place has a recurring problem with people breaking into vehicles parked in their lot... and they have done nothing to fix the issue. Dine here if you want, but have someone else drive. 

---------------------------------------------------------------
This should have been a wonderful story about our ( being Jennifer and our lovely kids. ) goodbye dinner to my Parents Scott, Veronica and Sister Jennifer. You see my family is going on an adventure, moving away, literally tomorrow. But instead my car was broken into while parked under a light in the parking lot of Olive Garden (Philadelphia). My door locking mechanism was destroyed. And my bag from work was taken. The bastards got  my keys (to my house and office) a laptop, a tablet, a phone, all of my art supplies, a ton of sketchbooks, and a couple irreplaceable items (A white gold cross pen and pencil set from my grandfather, a few of his pocket knives as well. ) and also my leatherman. 

When we approached the manager, she said they have been having a couple problems lately, but they were worried about scaring customers away, so they didn't have anything posted. And they just don't have cameras installed quite yet. They don't even have a policy to deal with this frequent occurrence. The Philadelphia Police Department officers who arrived on scene were awesome. However they said that this issue has been going on for YEARS and the restaurant hasn't gotten cameras yet. Olive Garden doesn't seem interested in making an effort.

This is so fantastic, the police actually caught someone on the OTHER SIDE OF THE BUILDING breaking into another car, and it was a different person. 

Yes my family and I are fine, and in the end it's just stuff. But that stuff now has to be replaced, very slowly, and the money that is going to fix the car, get a new id, the doors to our house rekeyed (Already done) could have been used to do so many other things.

At this point I'm more annoyed at the attitude of Olive Garden, it might sound trite, but you have lost our business. Think of your customers, and brighten up the parking lot, install the damn cameras and protect people's stuff as they enjoy their meal.
Food was horrible. This place is slowly going down the drain with young employees with attitudes, unprofessional greetings, and sloppy attire. My food was garbage and I will never go to this olive garden again.  My throat is sore from eating there last night.
Olive Garden is a decent standby for when you want some reliable Italian food.  Good stuff, but not spectacular, although I do heart the Ravioli di Portobello.  So why the four stars?  I want to give some love to the staff that helped me out last night.  I had ordered some takeout for a birthday dinner for my husband and our parents.  To make a long story short, it came out VERY late, and I was getting upset as I had people waiting at my house - and did I mention it was my husband's birthday?  The manager, Chad, came out and explained what had gone wrong to me, and gave me some options to fix the order.  Unfortunately, the order that had gone wrong was the birthday boy's, so I had to wait for them to make a new one.  Needless to say, I was pretty unhappy at this point.  Everything finally came out perfectly, and Chad comped the entire meal for us, in addition to giving us a gift certificate to say "happy birthday" to my husband.  He absolutely turned a terrible experience upside down for me and I left a happy customer.  Our meals were all still hot and perfectly prepared (and yummy!) I also want to send much love to the sympathetic waitstaff behind the bar.  I was kept constantly updated, and they sent for a manager before I had to ask for one.  I will definitely be returning.
This place is great but expect to wait. They no longer takes reservations which is why I haven't been back in a while. I usually go with a big group of friends and we don't like to wait 2 hours for a table. If you can go early, definitely try it out. 

The bread sticks and salads are amazing! They can't be compared to any other place. I usually get some kind of pasta but the Tour of Italy is famous amongst my friends. I've never had a meal I didn't like. 

They have recently raised the prices here. Like I said, I havent been in a while but it use to be very affordable and well worth the money.
I haven't visited this Olive Garden in a very long time-like years..so this was my second visit ever and first visit in a long time. 

My son wanted to come here because we had just left his dentist appointmentand we were hungry. We visited this location yesterday-May 14 2019-we entered at 2:15p and left at 3:52pm. We were immediately sat by the hostess whom was very friendly and told us about the unlimited games for $1.99 that we had the option to play.

Our waitress/server name was Alesha, she greeted us and took down our order. We received our soups and no breadsticks, Alesha said that there was going to be a wait on the bread sticks, so I started eating my soup but couldn't finish it because I like to dip my breadsticks inside my soup, so I waited a few more minutes and still NO breadsticks. I went to the bathroom and came back and there were no breadsticks still! My drink of a watermelon margarita did come tho' and my drink gave me an instant headache because it tasted as if the bartender had originally made my drink with a salt rim and then noticed that I said no rim and just poured my drink into a different glass-which is why my drink looked the way it did (which was cloudy) and tasted the way it did(which was salty). I didn't want to complain about the drink but I felt as though I needed to tell Alesha because the drink gave me an immediate headache and that's not how that drink is suppose to taste. I was just at the city Ave -Olive Garden and my drink was perfect, clearly something wasNOT  right here. Alesha apologized about the error and brought me a new watermelon margarita drink which was now made to perfection! Thank you Alesha/Alicia for great service!

Our food was good, although my son's fries looked well over cooked, but both of our portions were correct. My son was disappointed with the fact that they didn't have any ketchup for his chicken fingers sadly. 

If there wasn't such a long wait time on the bread sticks and if my original drink didn't give me a headache and if the bathrooms were clean this would of been a 5 star experience because our waitress Alesha was pretty polite and nice to us and even wished me a happy belated Mother's Day.

Something that also made my son and I and another table of guests shake our heads was the fact that we were waiting for our checks and we heard a different waitress (NOT Alesha) saying to her customers that " she doesn't eat here, she doesn't bring her family here, and that olive garden's food is not good and she's just being honest that she would rather eat Italian food at a small restaurant that has 3 tables in it because the food here just isn't good to her and that she only works there and repeated that she doesn't eat there". I understand if you don't like the food where you work at that's fine, but why did the waitress feel the need to advertise that she doesn't like olive garden's food to Olive garden's customers? Even the waitress's guest were like wow you are super honest---honestly it made me feel like ummmm I don't even want my left overs anymore because even the employees here are saying that they don't eat olive garden's food. 

So all in all I had to take away a star for our wait time for bread sticks, bathrooms weren't stocked and were not swept and the fact that I had to hear the other waitress (not my waitress) complaining about how nasty olive gardens food is. I truly wanted my experience at this location to be a "wow " experience because of my past experiences at the city Ave location....but the only great things here was my waitress Alesha whom was very inviting and made my son and I feel like family and the hostess who was nice and I did enjoy my food up until I heard the other waitress expressing that she disliked olive garden's food. So my experience at this location was a 3 star experience but my service from my server Alesha was a 5 star! Thanks again Alesha you were great.
alright look the food is awesome, just like every other Olive Garden. the location is ideal being right on the Boulevard and easy to get to. the staff however are lacking in a couple things. one of which being personality, or really showing any emotion at all other than anger. for some reason every single employee in this specific restaurant looks at you like you killed their little puppy and baby brother. god forbid you go to the bar, because then your looked at like a crazy alcoholic even though you asked for a Shirley Temple for your child. the wait staff is true to its name, since you're sitting there waiting for at least a half hour before they even come and ask you what to drink. then you have to wait another 20 minutes for those drinks to come back to your table, and then you get to order your food. fast forward 45 to 50 minutes you're finally evening depending on what you were there it may or may not be piping hot most likely not. If you come here you need to be really patient. I love their food, I love the atmosphere, however I'm not a patient person if I'm hungry I want my food. I'm thirsty give me my soda. I know two people who work here, both are very nice people and they're very quick outside of work so I don't know why so freaking slow when serving. Until they build a new and better Olive Garden in the Northeast I'm going to have to stick with this one and I'll have to just learn to be patient. if you're going to go here, you better have a good couple hours carved out of your day. just saying
I went here for lunch today and had no wait at all. Service was slow but I didn't mind, it gave my aunt and I plenty of time to catch up. The food was good as usual. I had the Chicken and Shrimp Cabanera. There is a noticable hike in prices but nothing painful. I still think this place is worth it.
I ordered the fettuccini Alfredo and rigatoni with meat sauce. Reasonable prices and cake out very hot and delicious. Waitstaff was very helpful and on point with the service. Ordered the donuts with chocolate sauce. The donuts came out hot and moist. It was like an organs in your mouth of flavor. The best donuts I've eaten from a restaurant before.
Only one I come too. I dont like one downtown. Their food isn't good & I've even had it burnt there
This is pretty decent, I have no complaints about the food it's always great, I just always felt like anytime I come here I'm always waiting a long time no matter the time....staff was very friendly.
I've been here like 7x. It's just your typical Olive Garden. The food is good and the waiters are friendly.
I've gone to Olive Garden a few times and i personally love it... I mean don't expect beautiful plating or high end food, but it was good. I loved their Strawberry Daquiri! It was great!! Its not good for groups though because they don't take reservations anymore.
*Pssssssst!*  I go to Olive Garden almost regularly.  *SHHHHHHH!!!!*

Standard, chain restaurant, a couple steps above fast food.  If you're going to spend money to go to Olive Garden, you may as well go to a non-chain, more authentic Italian spot.  Right?

But there's just something about the Olive Garden.  It's like dining in your Aunt Connie's house.  The wall paper is slightly yellow with age and the furniture is worn from the years of family gatherings.  Decorations are glass jars filled with olive-oil-soaked red peppers, wine bottles and plastic plants.  But every family gathering is there because she's the best cook in the family.  You find yourself dreaming of her chicken & gnocchi soup and lasagne rollata al forno.  And it's not that it's the best *tasting* italian cuisine.  There's just something about it, though however much you ponder, you can't put your finger on it and that baffles you. 

Similarly, I get cravings for the OG.  My favorite order is the soup & salad special with the chicken gnocci soup.  I swear, there must be crack-garlic-salt in there, because once I get my craving for it, nothing else can relieve that pain.  I've tried making it.  I've tried other soups.  Not only have they gotten the gnocchi-chicken ratio down, they flavors of the broth is saliva-inducing.  I'll say the same about that salad.  It's SALAD, for goodness sake!  Green leaves, onions, olives, tomatoes, peppercinis and croutons with a vinaigrette.  Sometimes they douse the veggies in the dressing, which I usually hate.  But at the OG, it's still saliva-inducing.  And the garlic bread?  Again, it's not something you'd usually find appetizing.  But rip a piece of that and clean the soup bowl before they snatch it away!  You'll fall into your food coma with a smile on your face.  And that stuffed rigatoni with sauteed chicken - again - surprisingly, plate-licking good.

It's quite an oxymoron of fine dining.  But yet you find yourself loving it.
This place can be hit or miss. Sometimes, the service and atmosphere are good. A lot of it depends on where you're sat, I think. There are a couple small alcoves where it is quite nice. However, there have been a couple times over the past year when I and my wife had been sat near families with young children and general craziness. And, often, the service lacks at those times. 

Generally the food is pretty good and is consistent; it's the Olive Garden, they are obviously following a strict recipe. For my money, there are better local Italian restaurants.
I LOVE OG! Food is always good and the servers are always down-to-earth people!
Food flavor and variety is great. Staff is friendly. To go is quick but not the same amount of food compared to dining in. Alfredo sauce is phenomenal but the cook never puts enough on. Zupa Toscano is awesome but servers always skimp on the hearty parts and bring mostly juice. There needs to be at least one chair with no side arms at every table.
This place is the pits - both eat in and take out. Especially disappointed with the last several take out experiences. They moved take out from the bar area to near the front door. The food sits there is a basket getting colder and colder (especially now in the winter, every time the door opens) until they pack it in a carry bag in front of you. Last night's meal was horrendous. Soup was cold, as was the pasta with vodka sauce (there was barely any sauce; it was about 50 cents worth of pasta with a little sauce, cold as ice); chicken piccata was overcooked so badly it was actually blackened and tough, as was the zucchini which accompanied it (I couldn't believe they actually sent it out, instead of throwing it in the garbage and starting over.) Learned my lesson this time; I am done with Olive Garden Roosevelt Blvd.  Read all of the negative reviews on here and take your business elsewhere.
I like this place. good food, friendly waitress, plenty place to park.  long waiting though, so better get here before 4:30pm.
Food was good, service was good. I had the spicy shrimp dish. It was spicy enough where you could still enjoy it. Dining partner had the eggplant parm. Salad and breadsticks were good as I remembered them. I like that the calorie count is on the dessert menu. Saved myself some calories! Our waitress was nice, but we sad near the kitchen and saw the bus boy acting like a doofus, throwing ice at his co-workers and into a wall fixture of a lions head. What an idiot.
Ordered take out and got the stuffed mushrooms and chicken scampi. The mushroom were undercooked and awful. They made me kinda sick and we were unable to eat them. The scampi was ok but barely any chicken and mostly pasta. It was ok but I've been disappointed lately
It's true that this place can be a hit or miss, I'd say mostly with waitstaff or long wait times not so much with the food. But I have to say yesterday early evening my boyfriend and I had probably one of the best dining experiences in awhile. Tammy was our waitress and honestly one of the best waitresses I've ever had, she went above and beyond. If you go to this location ask for Tammy!
I stopped here with my family as a treat for dinner. I'm really sorry that I did. The service was substandard. The waitress was very pleasant and had a great smile but was very inattentive to our table. We were seated by the hostess and it took 15 minutes by the clock for the waitress to even realize that we were her table. This probably was not her fault; however, it still goes toward poor service. She apologized for the long wait and asked for our drink order. We also gave her our dinner order at the same time since we had plenty of time to review the menu and make a decision. She returned several minutes later with our drinks except there was an error and one of them was wrong. She apologized for the mistake and said she would fix that right away. She left and returned several minutes later with breadsticks and a salad and then still had to return with the drink. I find this a little annoying. We just started our salads and dinner was brought right out. It was served entirely too soon but we just pushed it aside while we finished our salads. The food was mediocre at best. It was cool to slightly warm definitely not hot like it should be. The waitress had asked us if we wanted a sample of the dipping sauces they now serve, so we said yes. She brought one, but then proceeded to charge $3.49 for this sample which really annoyed me. If you use the word sample then the item should be free. I definitely didn't need to pay $3.49 for a tiny bowl of cold pasta sauce. She never returned to the table to see if we needed another drink or refills on breadsticks or anything else for that matter.   Eventually she came with the check and thanked us for dining. I'm not sure what tables she was waiting on because she wasn't handling any tables in our section. The food was meh, served cool to a hint of warm and no service in between.  If I were using this visit is to evaluate every Olive Garden, I wouldn't bother to ever return again. After I paid the bill and we went to the ladies room, the bathroom needed major attention. Toilets overflowing and the paper towel dispenser was not working properly. When I told the hostess that the restroom needed attention her facial expression basically implied she couldn't care less.  The ice grilling she sent my way was inappropriate. So overall, this was just a poor experience. And while I don't really care about the Andes candies that they serve at the end of the meal, when three people are dining, don't leave five candies on the table. Leave three or six but definitely not five.   It may sound petty but considering the poor service, mediocre food and bathroom scenario, the candy treat at the end was even substandard.
This is the worst location in Philadelphia !!!!! the location on city avenue or chestnut is much better !!! My food was 45 minutes late, the shrimp was cold, and my waiter was rude... can you say NO TIP lol
I'm writing  this review from inside the restaurant. It's that bad that I couldn't wait and the service was that slow. We arrive with reservations and still had to wait for 20m. Them we were seated and wait another 10 for the waiter to arrive. We gave her our full order and she got us our waters and nothing else 10m later.  All in all our visit cost us 3hrs 1 of which was spent eating
Hostess are strict ,not polite at all.Food is fine and our server was good, i made reservation ,but when i get there,i waited 20 min my table
Our experience was extremely frustrating. We were not waited on for 15 minutes into us being seated. The first thing we ordered when we were seated was for a glass and a half of moscato. Our 3 person party ordered drinks and an appetizer. When the server returned 15 minutes later with our drinks, I was surprised to see that there was not a glass of wine on her tray. I figured she forgot and reminded her. She said would get it and came back with no wine when she brought the breadsticks. I asked yet AGAIN and she asked me what I ordered. Our food then didn't even come out for another hour and it was cold. When we expressed our frustration she responded that if we came on any other night than Sunday it wouldn't have been so bad. I didn't realize there were days customers weren't supposed to come eat. Never going back.
One of our favorite places to eat! We always ask for Katherine as she is the BEST! She is so pleasant and attentive. Our meals are always fresh and hot. It's also clean, which is very important to us. Definitely worth trying!
I've never had a negative experience here, but today I have to say I had the BEST waitress (her name is Jasmine)!

She was very polite, friendly, and always smiling. She taught us how to use the electronic table machine and was very patient with our complicated order.

The food was delicious as always, and the new pumpkin cheesecake was to die for! This was easily my best experience at any Olive Garden. If possible I will request jasmine when we go next!
Been here plenty of times, I have to say like 4-5 years ago, the food service was great!  And since then it's gotten worse and worse, food is mehh...service is poor, last time I went for my wife's b day we were not even asked if we wanted dessert or not.
I know its late and the waiters must be tired but our waiter over did it. We (2) sat down and about 5 mins later 3 ppl sat down in the booth across from us. Well they had their drinks before we even ordered ours. We got the wrong drink for my mom, no straw, she disappeared for a while. Then when my food came she didn't even ask if I wanted cheese. No smiling. I work in customer service and no matter how tired I am I make sure to provide a great service. That booth I mentioned had a great waiter who constantly checking on them.  Food was okay. Salad was a bit dry. The lasagna fritta seemed that it was not fresh. My mom's lemonade was super watery.
Never again will I eat at the Olive Garden on the blvd only saw our waitress twice when we got drinks then our good waited forever to get boxes had to ask the other tables waiter and she never told us about the buy on take one promotion and said I was supposed to ask before ordering like I'm a mind reader it popped up on the little tablet since you took forever god never again bad service from that dumbass waitress ! lucky we paid for our food 

Thank you breann for terrible service ! I've been going for years now I will never go again until they re train their staff on promotions
12/26/2017 the day after Christmas I had a little family gathering at this Olive Garden and it's absolutely horrible from the food to the service nothing was good. I don't understand why would anyone thinks this is good Italian food? There's so many other good Italian restaurant and people actually comes to this place? The food was way below average so at least give me the service to make up for it but of course that wasn't the case. My waitress must've been new to the food service industry if not then she is a very horrible server because she doesn't have sense of humor (very blunt) or more like no personality and couldn't give me a better excuse for not remembering that I've asked for a high chair for my 11 months old since I sat down. she had came by to take our drink order and dropped off our drinks and took everyones food order and still have yet got me a high chair with the entire time she saw my wife holding my 11 months old. We manage to sip our drinks and had some awful appetizer and by the time our main entree came out she couldn't give me a another better reason for not remembering to put my order in when she realized she forgot my order and told me because she was worry about my child's allergen food order so my order will have to take an extra 10mins not to mention I've waited 20mins already. There's more towards the end of the night but I just can't write about this place anymore. Please everyone do yourself a favorite there's a lot of good Italian restaurant out there no need to settle for this cheap imitation of Italian food it's absolute a disgrace for the Italian to call this Italian food.
If I could give this place 0 stars I would. They got our entire order wrong after we said it repeatedly. There are 2 other tables eating next to us and they also messed their order up. This is terrible service. Any other Olive Garden is better than this place.
This is a typical Olive Garden chain, so unless you've never been to one of the OG restaurants, there's really nothing much I can say about the food that you don't know already. I usually come here for lunch for their soup/salad deal for $6.95.  The staff can be hit or miss at this location, but it's clean and affordable and the food is predictable and reliable.
Utter trash. There was a unwelcoming smell coming from my food. How does one mess up spaghetti and meatballs. The meatballs smelled and tasted like school lunch. The amount of sauce on my noodles only covered the inner portions. I had all this leftover dry pasta. The garlic Alfredo smelled just as bad. I hate wasting good hard earned money.
I had lunch there on 1/24 and the service was great. I don't remember the servers name but she was great. She brought my 3 year old food out prior to our food and we didn't even ask her to do this. This was great since kids tend to get inpatient with waiting to eat. She frequently checked on us, cleared our table when needed, and even bagged our food up. Its not often you get service like this. I also want to commend the location for resolving issues. I was using a gift card they provided after my to go order wasn't made properly. Troy resolved the issue and even followed up.
I always come to this location. Everybody is very nice and welcoming. I never have to wait those 15-25 mins wait using my no wait list. I come in, tell them my name and they sit me down right away. Food is always good and hot. Drinks are very flavorful.
came here with friends and family to celebrate. this Olive Garden is not different than any other when it comes to the ambiance. Customer service here was great. Our waitress was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. the food came out on time and was good. there was no concerns or issues and everyone enjoyed themselves.
I'm not big on chain restaurants but took my mom and her friend for lunch ( their choice) o was pleasantly surprised. The lunch specials were under $10. The portions were fairly big. My mom had the ravioli. There were 6! She thought they were very good. I had soup and salad. The salad is  food with romaine lettuce, tomatoes, olives and peppercini. Ingredients were fresh. The minestrone soup was very good with lots of veggies. Fresh grated Parmesan was available too. The Dolcini dessert is 3 mini desserts. We each had one. The chocolate mousse was very good and just enough! Overall it was a good meal!
Olive Garden is taking serious Corona precautions. Of course all staff wear masks. The hostess sanitized the ordering screen when we were seated. We picked up silverware bundles and menus at hostess stand. Our waitress stood a few feet away while taking the order. We put our masks on when the waitress came to our table. Hostess station had hand sanitizer and sanitizing wipes. Tables were spaced at least 6 feet apart.
The BOGO deals are back at Olive Garden. Me and my family always dine at OG during this special.
Called to see how long the wait would be for a party of 5 (2 adults and 3 children) and was informed that we would have to be seated separately. Told whomever answered the phone that we had children with us and could not sit separately. He informed us that PA could only seat 4 to a table as it was law.
This restaurant is fancy and quite. But I mention to the employee that I'm a Yelp Elite Member. I had Chicken Fingers inside with Fries even a Healthy Italian Salad. Inside it has a picture of a old man holding a little boy's hand in Italy.
Used to be to my favorite Olive Garden but they have seriously fell off. My service here was highly disappointing. I ordered my food online and still had to wait an additional 10 minutes, my food was average, and my drink was halfway full. I will never come back to this Olive Garden because the service was extremely horrible
So first time experiencing Philly's Olive Garden & the experience was one of the worst experiences I've ever had at Olive Garden. When entering the restaurant their was a host at the front who let us know that the wait would be an hour for seating we asked for other options and thankfully the manager Troy assisted and reassured us that the wait won't be too long to sit at the bar tables. 
Gratefully we got seated pretty fast but this is when it got worst....the server Maggie was helping us and we were the only ones she was attending to. We thought things were gonna be smooth but no.... 
FOOD:
We got the Breadsticks and had to ask for fresh ones not once but twice....they were super stale and we could tell they were old. NOT COOL, it was so stale when the server came and took them off of the table a breadstick fell on the floor and it made the same sound as a rock lol 
The salad was not fresh tasted like they had it sitting in the fridge all day 
The Alfredo was salty....we got the Asiago tortellini with chicken & added shrimp to share because we knew it was a pretty big portion. I took a couple of bites couldn't find the shrimp, and it was so salty my head started to hurt. 
We walked away with breadsticks and Alfredo to go and happily the server Maggie asked us how everything was and I didn't hold my tongue in the most polite way. She removed the entree thankfully but all in all we were so disappointed with the experience. 

Let me not fail to mention one of the hosts walking on the floor eating breadsticks and the same host as well as another girl who I believe was a host too was having a unprofessional conversation about smoking weed, some guy she was talking too and topped it off with a loud obnoxious laugh. The convo was so loud I felt embarrassed for them. 

On a brighter note the Manager Troy had great customer service he didn't take care of us personally but we loved how he managed the to go food as well as the customers that entered. He also made sure to tell us goodnight as we left. The one star goes to him. As for staff, food & service this location has to do better. We won't be returning.
I would give them more 3 1/2 stars. They remodeled their entire restaurant and it looks really amazing. I love the way they made it more Mediterranean looking. They even put in nice cushioned benches in the lobby. 

We had about a 5 minute wait and were greeted right away. Our server was more on the slower side. While she was nice and friendly we seemed to wait awhile to get drinks or to be checked on after our meals came out. 

Our meals were very fresh and delicious. I decided to create my own "tour of Italy" with chicken parm, spaghetti and meat sauce & spinach & cheese ravioli with pesto. I did ask for the pesto on the side, because it's really oily and I did not realize they also put a cream sauce on top of the raviolis, I honestly did not care or eat this. It was just too much & I couldn't imagine how heavy this would have been if I had the pesto on top too. My suggestion if you order this, is to get all the sauces on the side. I may not have read the description right but when I saw it came with pesto, I thought that was all that would be on top. 

I get that Olive Garden is trying to reimagine their brand but I was shocked when our bill came to see it was almost $50. I honestly feel that is too expensive for a meal at OG.
With Covid going on and it being mandatory that people mask up! They are NOT saying anything to anyone that comes in with out a mask on! Plus putting people at tables that are way to close to one another! 

This use to be a nice restaurant, they let any body dressed anyway in! 
Ass's hanging out of there paints, 
FAT stomachs and boobs hanging out
of shirts! 
This restaurant has gone completely GHETO!
