OMG! Yum!

Service 5/5
We ordered delivery and the pizza was still hot and the delivery man was very nice. 

Food 5/5
We ordered the Pete's classic (pizza with pepperoni, onions, peppers, sausage and mushrooms). I think it was great and so did my friend. The sausage was abundant and so were the other toppings. It was also well-priced especially for center city!
I tried Pete's 15 years ago and I've to tell you it has definitely improved with age!
Best pizza on Friday but not so great today! How is that possible?  On Friday the sauce cheese to crust ratio was sublime, this evening the cheese is oily, gross and salty and the sauce is not delicious. What happened ? I wasn't foolish enough to order on a Monday eve but Tuesday eve seemed like a safe bet to order it. Five stars for Friday but two today but the delivery guys are always great. Both times I ordered a plain pizza so I ask again, what happened Pete? What happened????
Nice people, nice service, nice food. Prices are more than competitive. If you are craving pizza with the works or cheesesteaks and you want on time delivery, Pete's is reliable and good.
Delivery to my door - check!
Great sauce /cheese ratio - check!
Toppings-check!
Delivery man kind, professional and observed all COVID19 sanitary procedures thanks and- check
The man who answered the phone when my delivery order seemed to morph into a pickup was really nice and gave patient customer service!  Thanks - check!

Pete's Special Pizza is way, way, way better than frozen! I've had a few of those frozen kind this year and OMG I will never eat frozen pizza again - eek!. 

Thank you for your service Pete's team!
After a festival (Made in America), my friends and I were walking downtown trying to decide what to eat. As we turned the corner, this elder couple was like, "are yall looking for something?" then I explained to them we were looking for a place to get dinner. He then recommended this location. "Just go down this street.. make a left. BAM." then he walked away with his wife with their walkers. So cute lol.

Anyway, we walked up to the building and I felt as if I was in a movie or tv show. The feeling was surreal. . was I just hungry or? Okay Okay. So I heard their pizza was bomb, however I couldn't eat that. I knew I was going to do heavy lifting the next day, a two a day matter of fact so I needed something that would provide me with energy. Spaghetti of course. I actually got the eggplant parm with spaghetti. I am a sucker for eggplant. It's so good to me. Petes was really good. Sometimes when you go to places, the sauce is bland. However, theirs was very flavorful. They placed it in a brown paper bag with parm and garlic bread. I believe I paid like $12? Which isn't bad because the portion was huge. I couldn't even finish it. I did eat some later on lol. The only down side is that their machine to get water was broken so I had to buy a bottle.

Low and behold, I had my best run the next day. 

According to their signs, they deliver until 12! 
 
Thank you Pete's. Will definitely be back. Thank you to the elder couple also!
Pete's knows how to cater for office events! My colleague chose Pete's as our catering for our Monthly Progress Meeting with our vendor. Pete's delivered several pizzas and the largest Chef's Salad I've ever seen- it was very fresh and loaded with meats and cheeses :). 

Pizzas arrived hot and fresh. Salad lasted several days in work fridge and was delish. They sent a ton of individually packed (in to-go sous cups with lids) salad dressings in a pizza box - I thought it was really clever to transport them that way. They sent tongs, flatware, napkins and plates, etc. Coworker ordered 2 plain, one sausage pepper and onion pizza, one pepperoni and to be honest I've no idea what others were up there on the makeshift buffet we setup. We also ordered bottled water (i think) and diet colas and a variety of regular bottled soda pops. Pete's large pizzas aren't huge and I've to be honest, I'd 3 yes 3 slices of plain. I was stuuuuufed ! 

Everything went smoothly except the receipt was either AWOL or wasn't included with the order. We needed it for reimbursement so that was a little complicated. In the future we will be sure to ask for them to include an itemized receipt in an envelope . I consider Pete's my go to delivery pizza shop but I've to admit you have to like this style pizza. The crust has a flavor reminiscent of sour dough and it's a little lighter textured than other types of pizza crusts. The pizza usually is a little oily but it's the way they do it- it gets the pizza craving quelled for sure. 

Pete's is reliable and for the price it's the best in the area. I need to throw some shade it is way better than Axis.
Pete's sent me a thin crust pizza and not only was it delicious, the dough itself tasted better than last time and the toppings were generous! You should call them, order the Pete's Special, it included extra cheese but I asked for less than extra. Their sauce is sassy and the sausage is scrumptious! Next time I'm going to ask them to go lighter on the pepperoni as it was plentiful as previously mentioned. Call them ! Order a pizza! You'll be happy! What more could you want?
WOW, I am so glad we stopped by here after our visit to Mutter.  We were hungry, and the restaurant was close by; and, our daughter wanted Italian, so it was perfect.  When we got there, we quickly snagged a booth, hung up our coats and settled in to look at the menu.

Too much looked too good; but, we settled on appetizers of Onion Rings and Mac N Cheese bites; both were freshly fried, crispy, tasty and served with delicious dipping sauces.

Our daughter constructed her own Philly Steak and Brie personal pizza, while I opted for the Holy Roller (a white pizza topped with brie, caramelized onions, mushrooms, drizzled with balsamic) and, my wife went for the Spassito Sprout, which featured tender, tasty, brussels sprouts!  All the pizzas were great and we took about half back to the hotel to enjoy later.

Service was super; and, super-quick, our server made suggestions, asked about our visit, and made sure we had plenty to drink.  Beverages included a hot tea (for the weather), a fountain root beer; and, a canned ginger ale.  We had a great time.
Don't. Just don't.

The crust is the worst part about this pizza, not tasty at all. They put many toppings on the Pete's Famous Pizza however there is something off about it honesty I think it is because the Pizza itself is so horrible your just eating toppings with a mess of cheese that is not warm for there delivery orders. 

I was feeling extremely lazy and saw this place delivers beer and wine hence why I ordered from here but to say a Coors light was the highlight of this order well yeah, epic fail.
I enjoyed this pizza spot- I haven't been to this place in quite a while prob more than 10 years. I honestly don't remember how the food tasted then-because it was my clubbing days and more than likely I was drunk out of my mind- but the pizza I had there on this day was so yummy.

Had the pepperoni pizza and it was so cheesy and hot- and had a nice crispy crust. The place was packed with people- so they must be doing something right! The service was a bit slow and it seemed like me and my date (another yelper) were waiting a bit long to actually be waited on- but I didn't mind too much. 

I don't usually hit up spots down this area but would definitely eat at this place the next time I'm down here and maybe try more than just the pizza. Overall my experience here was a good one.
This pizza is gross, the crust tastes like cardboard and it arrived stale. The wings were mediocre. They have a hidden $1.50 delivery charge, and an additional $1.50 extra distance fee. The extra distance fee was especially frustrating considering they had no problem littering their menus all over our doorstops. Why give us a menu if we're outside of your delivery range?
I've passed this place more times than I can count and it's always caught my eye. On the off chance I was walking back from the NFL draft I decided to grab a slice on the way home out of curiosity. I wish I looked into one of the countless mirrors on the wall here and repeated 3 times, "It's not delivery, it's DiGiorno's" because that, my friends, would have been twice as good as this. 

Crust might as well have been the heel of a stale wonder bread loaf, cheese of the grocery store Mexican blend variety, pepperoni from a Hormel plastic bag. I've had better grade school cafeteria slices.

Famous? It should be Infamous.
Pete's! 

My sister had to bribe our brothers to help her move, a few years ago, to her apartment in this area. After some yelp-ing, she decided on Pete's. Ever since then, our whole family has been in love! We live over in Jersey, and I will make the short trip on PATCO, to visit my sister, just for the purpose of ordering Pete's.

Their pizza is delicious. Their mozzarella sticks, delicious. Their PINA COLADAS?! (what?! yes!!), DELICIOUS! And - I don't eat them (don't glare at me), but I have it on good authority that their cheesesteaks are awesome as well. Great pricing, friendly staff, short distance from my sister's place so good for takeout, dine-in, or delivery. Always speedy, hot, delicious! (How many times must I use delicious in this review?)

I have ordered delivery, take out, and dine-in, each several times and I have always had a great experience. When my sister needs a favor, she bribes us with Pete's. And we are NOT ashamed to accepted that bribe.
I got love for little Philadelphia "hole in the wall" joints. This place probably looks the same way it did in 1970 and its probably got the same staff too. No nonsense waitresses with a slight sense of humor that will poke you in the side the way Philadelphia is supposed to. I had some buffalo wings and baklava. I was going for the healthy choices options...(lol)
I have nothing but big love for Pete's.  This is just behind where I work and when I am lazy I will call for delivery and they dont care.  

They also do small pizzas that are delish.  I recommend the small anchovie pizza.  

You can eat in but the service is a bit slow for eatting in.
I don't understand how anyone can say they like the pizza at Pete's. The crust is terrible, tastes like cardboard and is crunchy. They barely use any sauce, but it's way too salty. We've ordered twice, and both times I felt the same way so at least they're consistent. The only good thing was the delivery was quick.
I've been ordering from Pete's for well over 20 years and they never, ever disappoint. Their pizza (Greek-style) and steaks are amazingly consistent and always full of flavor. Milkshakes are surprisingly good. Prices are reasonable, delivery is fast and dependable, and customer service is top-notch. Ordering online is a breeze. A Philly institution!
I had a serious hankering for chocolate cake today, so I decided to have some delivered from Pete's.  Spoiler alert:  I am still cake-less.

My food arrived early, so I was excited about that.  The fries were okay but had a bit of a Burger King quality to them.  Not bad, but nothing extraordinary.

Unfortunately, they gave me a chocolate chip cookie instead of cake.  Now, you may be thinking, "Carissa stop being a glutton, a cookie is just as good as cake--" but 1) it's not and 2) I was charged $5.00 for a $2.00 cookie.

"Three dollars?  You're angry over three dollars?"

Yes and no.  It's rare for me to treat myself and get food delivered.  If I see that a slice of cake costs $5.00, I think it must be great - and worth both the delivery fee and the unnecessary fries I ordered to reach the delivery minimum.  Now that I have below-average fries and a greasy old cookie, I'm less angry at three dollars and more angry that I bothered ordering anything.
I used to love this place, but the last 2 times I've ordered here, it has been a disaster. 

The straw that broke the camel's back happened the last time I ordered when my sister came over and wanted a cheesesteak. I would always order cheesesteaks from here because they were good, cheap, and arrived fast. But now I am completely done with Pete's.

My most recent order arrived much later than usual, the order was wrong, the food was cold, and it was stingy! I ordered 2 cheesesteaks, one with provolone and fried onions, the other with just American cheese. I added a side of fries to both of them for an extra $2 each. Both of the cheesesteaks arrived bare...yes BARE! No cheese, no onions, and definitely very little meat. I was so disappointed and embarrassed to serve this to my sister that I had to do something. 

Luckily, I had cheese in my fridge and I scraped very little meat out of the container to refill the cheesesteaks. I tossed them back in the oven and hoped for the best. We took all the food out oven, fries included and started to eat. The bread was tough, the meat was dry, and my cheese did not save the day. The bread cut up my sister's roof of her mouth and the bread was so tough that I couldn't enjoy it. 

I hope these past bad experiences are due to the corona virus and not Pete's new path.
Pete's is THE go-to place in Philadelphia for everything. All the food is fantastic. Pete and Zach stayed past midnight just to feed the hungry party of people at our Rectory after the institution of the Rector of St. Clements Church. This is a business which exudes love through its good heart. This is the place to go in this city of brotherly love.
When I worked for the school district one summer, we would come here for lunch almost every day. 

And the day we always looked forward to the most was PEA SOUP DAY. It is seriously the best pea soup in the world. 

They also have great strombolis and club sandwiches.
Stopped at Pete's with a fellow Yelper after a visit to the Franklin Institute. I hadn't been to Pete's for at least 15 years.It looked a bit different, but It's still a basic pizza joint. Service was slow but pizza was good. We shared a pepperoni pizza and ate it all. There is nothing special about Pete's but it will hit the spot if you find yourself nearby craving some pizza.
I would have given this place more stars if it wasn't for the waitress:( First, the outside is super cute. I saw it while driving by and had to give it a try. It's an adorable little corner diner decked out in cute Christmas decor. The inside is quaint and relaxing. 

Upon arrival, you're welcome to sit yourself. We chose the booth by the front door and had no problem finding a spot. The waitress greeted us pretty promptly, just after finishing her conversation about how much weight she recently lost. She was less enthusiastic about taking out order than she was about raving about her recent diet, but whatever. We order a pizza to split, and some simple garlic knot appetizers. 

I have to start by saying one of my biggest pet peeve's while eating out, is when the appetizer is not delivered when an appetizer should be, i.e., prior to the entree. Hence the word, appetizer. Unfortunately, the appetizer was not even brought out before, nor during our main course. I knew she must have forgotten about it, so we asked her after we received our pizza and, in her typical lackluster fashion, she slumped to the kitchen to retrieve them....or did she? We were half way through our pizza before they came, and when they did, she dumped them on our table and walked off. Hmm....no "hey sorry about that," or "it's my fault, I totally forgot." No, nothing. 

Here comes the part we knew we were working up to during our session of lethargic service....the check. The moment that should take 2 minutes but ends up taking 20. Our waitress is like Halley's Comet. I saw her once in my life and didn't think she'd be back around until my children's generation. Yet, like a beacon of light, she is spotted. She tends to the table across from us, then she maneuvers to the table just in front of us, yes....she's getting closer, closer to use being able to get out of here...but she stops short of our table and quickly retreats back to the kitchen...drat! 

I charge her with my credit card like a lion hunting a Zebra on the Savannah. She is cornered, like a deer in headlights. I move in for the kill, "Excuse me, I'm sorry, but we're in a hurry and need to go. Please run the card." I then strut back to our table with the utmost authority. Success! The card is charged and we are free! 

Oh, and to get back to reality for a second, I found the pizza to be good, the garlic knots just ok, and the price to be great. My fiance is a native New Yorker which automatically make him a pizza connoisseur, found the pizza beneath him as he does most places not centrally located in lower Manhattan. But I would say if you can avoid the waitress a la attitude, you will be pleased with the pizza and the price.
Considering I've ordered food for delivery from here consistently for the past 3 months, I figured it's time to review it.

Props to consistency with delivery times, service, and quality/quantity of food.  I always order the bangin' $23 special which includes 2 large pizzas, 12 buffalo wings, and a 2 liter of soda.  Always on time or quicker and never any problems with the food.  Great pizza (a little on the greasy side but still delish) and meaty wings.  I'm sure I've ordered other things like cheesesteaks/subs from here that were good, but this special always hits the spot.  Plus, super easy and comfortable online ordering.

Took a star off for the "extra hot" wing sauce being mild, at best.
Nothing for ambience - GET TAKE OUT - but for fast and tasty pizza with a medium thick (not thin and not thick) crisp crust - this is a great place.  Our law firm had a few lunches catered with NUMEROUS pies brought in including Plain, White. Veggie (so great), Sausage (pellets), and Pepperoni.  

The attorneys feasted with gusto.

A decent nay-bor-hood joint.  Jewknowamsayin'?
This was a horrible decision for dinner delivery tonight. After careful consideration as to where we should order a buffalo chicken wrap from we decided to choose Pete's famous pizza. As this wrap did not come with much we asked for some classic features to arrive with it such as extra cheese and lettuce. To our horror the wraps did not arrive as expected and were incredibly soggy. After choking on pieces of chicken fat we decided to cut our losses and just throw the meal out. Might as well have starved rather than ordering here.
Whenever we want a decent slice of pizza delivered or.by the slice we usually go to a few other spots but we decided to try this place out once since we kept getting their menus in the mail. We ordered a large pepperoni pie for delivery - to the credit of the restaurant the pie came quickly in about 20 minutes but we were very disappointed in the pie itself. 

It could not have been soggier, the entire thing was basically falling apart as we pulled the slices out of the box. The texture was all wrong it felt like eating oatmeal it was so mushy. The sauce wasn't terrible but needless to say I will not be ordering again.
Their special steak Stromboli is an absolute must! I loved it, best Stromboli I've ever had. It's huge as well. Myself and the two friends all thought it was better than Pat's. Truly a must when visiting Phili if you're looking for a cheese steak!
Came at 11:34 and they close at 12. They said they don't serve food anymore. What? Are you serious? Not even slices? Don't say you're open at 12 if you won't serve food a half hour before you close. Huge let down. Wanted some drunk food.
I was a customer of their store on Fairmount Ave for 30+ years. Never had a problem until recently. Ordered a pizza about 2 weeks ago and OMG was I shocked. Hands down this was the WORST pizza I have ever had in my life. I don't normally complain but I had to call to see what changed. I asked the girl if there were new owners and I was told yes. I wish I had known that before ordering. The pizza I got was not edible. The crust was god awful...tough, stale tasting definitely not fresh made. The cheese had to be fake because it didn't stretch like mozzarella normally does. Kinda had a plastic like consistency to it. The sauce was downright rancid. After speaking to many of my neighbors I discovered they also had the same experience. None of us intend to order from them again. Please bring back the old owner...the new management clearly doesn't care and is using inferior products
Cozy little pizzeria. Good and friendly service in spite of the busy lunch rush. Ordered a pepperoni pizza which was decent but nothing compared to pizza back home (New York City). Also had cheese fries that had potential to be awesome if it wasn't too salty. I was annoyed at the flies that kept circulating around the food as we ate.
It's a little neighbourhood joint near the Airbnb where I was staying. We decided to check it out and it was worth it. the pizza was great and its very big. I might just be saying that because I'm Canadian and I'm not used to these type of portions but the pizza was quite large. It was delicious and they have a good variety of beers to choose from.
We order from Pete's quite often. The pizza is decent, and we really love their garlic parm wings.  They also have some other really good menu items.

Our usual go to pizzas are:
- Pepperoni 
- Buffalo chicken
- Chicken Bacon Ranch

Sometimes we order other types of pizza, but those are our main rotation. We really like the pizzas, my only issue is the end of the slice crust is not my favorite. It isn't bad, just a little thick for my personal taste. Very good dipped in salad dressing or tomato sauce though, almost like a mini bread stick! So if you really like pizza crust, I'd recommend dipping it in something. 

We will also often order a Stromboli, which is excellent. Pretty big too, so you get a lot for the price. 
 
Our favorite menu item from Pete's is the Garlic Parm Wings. They are extremely crispy on the outside, while still being juicy on the inside. Great flavor and always delicious. If we ever have any left over, they are perfect air fried the next day to keep them crisp. I always order extra blue cheese dressing, theirs is by far the best. 

Pete's also makes a mean mozzarella stick, a really good Caesar or anti pasta salad, and their fries and onion rings are pretty solid. We also like their meatball subs. 
Now, if you are in for an adventure, the Goliath sandwiches are really good too. However, that is definitely a menu item you need to be in the mood/prepared for. 

Very good food, prices aren't bad, order is always correct, great staff!
Great old school spot for pizza and more. They even have a veggie Philly cheese steak (seitan). Young high school staff, friendly. Locals seems to love it. Meal was not expensive. Will be back.
I was looking for pizza on a business trip to Philadelphia and this was one of the only places open late at night. I ordered a simple pepperoni pizza and garlic knots. 

While the garlic knots were fine, the pizza itself was sort of odd and badly handled before delivery. It must have been stowed at a severe angle in the car, because cheese had drifted from one side of the pizza to the other, leaving half of it uncovered and the other half overly cheesy. The sauce was alright, but the crust was not what I had expected, as it was dense and unremarkable. 

I would say that it was a moderate letdown. If you're really in a tight spot for food, give it a try, but you certainly have better options.
Ordered the goliath.  It was ok but probably wouldnt get it again.  Its pretty much a chicken parm sandwhich with soggy fries on the bottom where all you taste is fries and breading due to all of the deep fried items on it. It wasnt terrible but was a little underwhelming.

I plan to try more items and am giving 3 stars because i havent tried enough things on the menu to comment on the consistency
I tried it for the first time and I didn't enjoy the taste of the pizza. I got their special pizza and Rome pizza, to be honest the bread taste like cardboard. The bread was soggy in the middle of the pizza, not worth the money. I would take the trip to Vetris.
Finally! Good pizza in Philly! Ugh I've been on a pseudo hunt for just a good traditional pie in Philly and tried Petes this evening. I got a cheesesteak, pizza, and wings ordered via Eat24. 

My delivery arrived on time and the driver was incredibly kind and sweet. The prices were very reasonable as well. 

1. Cheesesteak: I got a cheesesteak with fried onions, sharp provolone, and wiz. However, when it came I didn't see any orange wiz. I called to say they made a mistake and was told their wiz is white in color (!?!?!?). It was an okay cheesesteak. A solid 6.5/10

2. Wings: Good wings. Nice and crispy. Typical pizza place wings and come with a big container of blue cheese (which is good because I normally get extra and forgot to ask). 7/10

3. Pizza Pie: Lots of of good cheese and sauce. I got it topped with prosciutto (for only $2.50 extra) that was salty and delicious and plentiful. The crust was crispy and flavorful. 8/10

Overall, I'll be back. Still on the hunt for pizza that makes me go wild but, of all places, this one has my business for the future. Thanks, Petes!
I've long believed that most any neighborhood steak shop makes as good a cheesesteak as the legendary Pat's / Geno's / Jim's tourist destinations do. My neighborhood joint is Pete's, and today they confirmed my belief. I just finished enjoying an absolutely delicious cheesesteak from Pete's. 

Hey, you tourists who are visiting the Art Museum or Franklin Institute -- there's no need to go to one of the "tourist steak joints" for Philadelphia's finest cheesesteaks! Just stop at the nearest steak joint -- and if you're in Logan Square, that would be Pete's. You'll find a much better specimen of Philly's finest sandwich here than you will at the South Philly or South Street tourist destinations. Trust me.
On a lark I came into this place randomly one night after leaving Trader Joes and I'm so very glad that I did. I love the feel of this place, very mom and pop. Engaged owner, great service, and delicious food.

I dined in and had a tremendous server Caroline. Not once did my drink ever go empty and she walked the perfect balance between attention and not bothering. Also she had great eyes (no, not in the creeper way) she was always looking. Eyeing up a guy who came in to order beer but didn't look old enough, keeping a lookout for a woman's missing keys, etc....

Fifth star missing only because my wings (while delicious) were cold when they came out
A friend of mine ordered pizza from here for a late dinner. We had one large cheese and a large mushroom. Besides the "large" pies being on the small side the pizza was a pan pizza which I am not the biggest fan of. The crust was very dry and crunchy and all the cheese come off in the first bite. Overall the pizza wasn't too bad but nothing special here.
I remember my family raving about Pete's Famous when I was a kid, and I vaguely remember going in to eat once or twice as a child, so, when I found myself with an extra long wait for the bus during the evening rush hour, I decided to go in for a bite to eat.
I went in looking for a slice of "Famous Pizza," but I didn't see any slices, so I went for a cheesesteak. I keep my cheesesteaks simple... mayo ketchup, extra fried onions and a couple shakes of black pepper. It was absolutely perfect! Nice toasty roll, good ratio of filling to bun, and piping hot with gooey cheese.
My only complaint is that of a greedy person... the combo of REALLY hot filling and crunchy bread means there was a little collateral damage done to the roof of my mouth, but well, time heals all wounds and that's what I get for being greedy.
I scarfed it down with NO shame (I really should have been ashamed) and made my way back to the bus stop. By the time I got home, I was ready to sleep. And it was good.
I've been eating at Pete's for over a quarter of a century.  It used to be one of the cornerstones of the neighborhood - along with Coxe Park and Greenetown School. You'd see everybody there.  The food was not fine dining but good; the owners and staff, friendly.   

Pete's had changed hands over the years and the current iteration is like some kind of changeling version of the original.  By way of examples, the soda and beer selection, portion sizes and food quality have all diminished to a distressing degree. Only the prices are up - way up.  An order of 10 buffalo wings is now roughly twice the price of any comparable purveyor and, generally, no match for quality.  What used to be a generous pint of hand scooped ice cream is now about 2/3 of that and priced comparably to a pint of Haagen Dazs or B&J's at the new (and not cheap) convenience store down the block.  Needless to say, the place has fewer and fewer customers (except maybe for lunch).    

The current trajectory points toward a sad outcome for the restaurant and our little community.  Pete's was an integral part of our family history for many years.  No longer.  (BTW, the second star honors the past.)
Nice server, excellent pizza! The server told us about happy hour $5 small pizzas and counts for create your own. That's totally a great deal and worth it. A small is 10 inches and is more than a normal individual pizza, which for me, I love. Happy hour is 3-6. Come hungry and if you live near here, try multiple things off the menu. Looks like they have a wide variety of sandwiches and pastas too including Philly cheesesteaks. They deliver too.
I ordered a vegetable Stromboli. It's large and delicious!! The vegetables were fresh, excellent variety. The dough is delicious. This was the only place that would delivery to me on July 4th since I live on the parkway. I just finished a very long shift at work and the delivery man walked to deliver my food. I call that, excellent service! I will order from here again! The prices are reasonable.
My boyfriend live right near this place and we love it. It has great pizza, salads, and even dessert. Its a good place to go sit with a book or magazine, get a beer and get some reading done. Its also a good place to catch a game on tv while you each some fantastic pizza. Totally reasonably priced. So tasty and puts a huge smile on your face. 

The best part is that the service is fantastic. I've never met some nicer people. A fantastic neighborhood joint.
We spent the day at the Franklin Institute and just wanted something quick nearby before we hit the road home. This was a great find. We had the chicken parm stromboli, a pasta dish and a personal pizza for my daughter. It was all so yummy. The Caesar salad was a bit disappointing, but who goes to a pizza place for a salad? Parking was also tough but we got lucky. Would definitely go back next time we are in the area.
I've had this pizza a few time at work, when it was ordered for us in a meeting.  Not good pizza, at all. The crust is terrible, I wouldn't be shocked to hear that it's frozen.  I can only comment on the pizza, that's all I've ever had from Pete's.
Awesome place right across the street from my house. I go here too often. But not only is it close, it's good. BBQ chicken pizza is great. Cheesesteaks are better than most around. Staff rules.
Famous for pizza, yet I didn't get to try it. Very unlike me. I ordered a burger instead and it was fantastic! The bread was ultra soft, beef was juicy and tender. I was worried since they didn't ask me how I wanted it cooked, but it came out great.

I got the MacDaddy burger, which on paper sounds good for any Reuben fan. Corned beef, Russian dressing and Cole slaw.... in a burger. In reality, it's just too many conflicting flavors. Salty corned beef, strong Russian dressing presence, and ground beef? Too much. I can however, distinguish their individual tastes, and found it to be very good independently. Too much flavor is a good problem to have. I would definitely get a burger from here again, just not something so radical.

Service was very friendly. Food did take longer than I expected, but we did have a party of 5. So our time here was a little over an hour. We didn't even ask, but the server offered to split our bill 5 ways, which made it easier for us 5 coworkers.

Space is tight, so I wouldn't recommend groups larger than 5-6. But I'll definitely be back, even solo if need be!
Here is why I'm rating 2 stars: When we went to pay, I noticed that I was charged $32 for 24 wings. I looked back at the menu and as I thought, it said $24.99. I asked about the discrepancy and was told that the prices increased. WHAT IN THE WOULD?  It was a a $7 difference. 

The waitress apologized and said the menus hadn't been updated. She ultimately honored the menu price but again, WHAT IN THE WORLD?

What about all of the people who never check their receipts?  That is so deceitful. Not to mention, the songs were ok at best. They weren't great and they sure as hell weren't worth $32 for 24 of them. 

When we come back to Philly, HARD PASS on this place. If you do go, check your receipt before you pay.
I worked at petes 5 years, I still till this day go and get a steak or a chicken parm stromboli...The waitresses are not like people make them out to be, its a really busy place. I love petes.
Great food and great service. I'm addicted to the pepperoni Stromboli's here. I live in the neighborhood and this is hands down my favorite pizzeria. Keep up the good work Pete's!
I had a classic burger with cheese and onions and it was pretty darn good. I will return to check out the wings and find out what their pizza is like. I 'd like to taste how it holds up to NY pizza.
I was pretty underwhelmed. We ordered delivery, which was our first mistake. They told us it would arrive in 45 minutes. We called after 1:15 and they said it had already gone out. It finally arrived after 1:45, predictably cold after having traveled for at least 30 minutes even though we live 6 blocks away (we were being lazy, it was cold out and raining out, don't judge). Strike one.

The pizza, as some have mentioned, is medium crust. I liked the crust itself, but there was way to little sauce on it, and the cheese was pretty underwhelming too - too little and a little burnt too. We got three separate pizzas and they were all like this. Strike two. 

Granted you can't beat $8 for a large cheese pizza, but it's really not worth it. Still waiting on the third strike I guess.
Sorry but this was a huge miss 

We were staying at the local hotel and we had the choice of three that delivered.  The girl that answered the phone was pleasant enough but apparently couldn't hear.  Went back and forth a few times on getting the order right, and it still ended up wrong.  I ordered cheese bread, she said cheese fries.  I repeated again, then she tells me they don't have cheese bread (umm... It's an Italian type place???). She said the had garlic bread, so I said you have mozzarella right, can't you throw some on the garlic bread.  They did, but turns out their garlic bread was a kaiser roll??

We also ordered the cheesesteak pizza, which I didn't try, they said it was ok.  Crust was good but steak was dry.

I had the chicken caeser salad, which I probably removed s third of the lettuce that was black and bad.  The chicken, while plenty was dry.

Then the also billed and sent the cheese fries, which I told her that wasn't what we wanted.  Instead of removing it from the order she just added the correct item.
Parking is ridiculous!!! We circled the area maybe 4 times. Ugh! But that's the only issue. 
Went in and a waiter greeted us right away. Told us not to sit near the door because it was cold. I actually didn't mind it but that was thoughtful. 
We ordered garlic knots, French onion soup, large pizza with broccoli, chicken & bacon. It did took a while for the food to come out but there were a lot of people. My soup came out last so our waiter comped it without me saying anything or asking. He was great and very attentive, food was also very good. This location also serves beer. So if you want beer and pizza this is definitely the spot.
While I'm not crazy about the pizza, the happy hour deal of 5 dollars for any small pizza (even specialty ones) is pretty nice. I loved the veggie burger I got there another time and I'm generally happy to see a variety of vegetarian options.
Arrived late in Philly tonight. It's Sunday - I don't want to leave the hotel. 
I ask the front desk for options and they recommend this place.
Honestly - I should have found a Pizza Hut or papa johns.
The pizza was bad, really bad.
The only reason I gave the place 2 starts was because 1. They deliver 2. They were open late on a Sunday 3. And finally - the pizza got to my hotel in 20 minutes.
I was able to place my order through Yelp. When I called to confirm, the woman I spoke to was very friendly. My order was ready in about twenty minutes. 
I ordered the Balsamic Brie Cheesesteak and I'd order it again! I would have included a pic, but it's already in my belly.
Meh. It was good for a quick lunch during EduCon2.1, but I can't claim it was the best Philly Cheesesteak I've ever eaten. I wouldn't say that you need to actively avoid it, but not the thing to seek out if you're in Philadelphia.
friendly place and fast delivery but the smallest "large" pizza i've ever freaking seen. and very average tasting.
All I can say is WOW. After our tour at Eastern State Penn. we was looking for something local. We found Petes. I had a The Triple Cheese Philly wife had the Calzone and kids had small pizza 5star all the way. Great food Great Service.
After a tour of the Franklin Institute's DaVinci exhibit, we strolled the nearby streets looking for lunch.

I'm a huge fan of neighborhood pizza joints so when we came across Pete's, we figured it would hit the spot. Aside from the crazy wigged lady who denounced us all as hedonists then proceeded to pour two bottles of ketchup on her (thankfully take out) fries and doused the entire table with salt, it did.

We ordered two sodas and a small pizza to share. It was a perfect lunch portion. Not to mention easy on the wallet. I think our total lunch with tip was $15. The sauce was delicious, cheese was gooey and the staff were really sweet. Another table was eating sandwiches that looked amazing and a guy walked by with a giant plate of spaghetti and meatballs who almost got tackled. A great neighborhood spot.
Good pizza; I love the thin crust. This place is standard delivery for my apartment building.

I've eaten in the place as well, and the wait staff was so nice. It's vintage-themed, throwback mom and pop pizza store, which is fine. 

Overall, they never fail me.
Waited an hour an a half for delivery that I ordered through GrubHub. Was told the driver was "on his way". Called back after another half an hour and was told that the restaurant had "never prepared my order."  Talked to the restaurant ( now two and a half hours after ordering) and the "manager" told me that " it's not that big of a deal in the grand scheme of things."  Finally eating 2 hours and 45 minutes later. Literally the worst customer service ever.
We had cheesesteak fries (juicy delicious shaved steak, cheese wiz and fried onions on top of a pile of perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside soft on the inside fries with a decent beer selection.  Atmosphere had a neighborhood diner feel and the service was good.  Would definitely go again!
We ordered the cheesesteaks and were not disappointed.   The waitress guaranteed that the wiz was Krafts instead of the "nacho stuff" other places give. I guess connaisseurs know the difference!  The place is clean and air conditioned with warm service.  Flat screen was transmitting Wimbledon but the overall volume of the restaurant was reasonably quiet.
Normal pizza shop. This one has been around for times so they got their regulars I m sure. But anyway, make sure you get hot food tho. They don't have the cleanest  kitchen so I would be safe and get hot food not cold sandwich from them. 

They do deliver and they got beer! That's a thumbs up for them!
The people were very nice.  The pizza was very average.  The outer crust was rock hard and shattered when I bit into it.

I might go back and try something other than the pizza.
I love Pete's pizza!  My partner and I do an anchovy, extra sauce, mushroom, and hot pepper pizza, plus the Hellenic salad. Exceptional pizza, exceptional crust, and all the good parts of a Greek salad minus the lettuce.

The crowd at Pete's is diverse and friendly, and the service team is friendly and attentive, as long as you behave decently.

A nice stroll from Center City, or you can order on line for delivery.
What looks like just another pizza joint with the typical stuff was actually a lot more!

Yes, they do have all the regular stuff that pizza places have, but the pizza is excellent! Not really sure what is different that they do to the pizza here. I mean, a pizza is not a complicated thing. Dough Cheese Sauce. I mean, how can some  people make such great pizza and some make such terrible pizza? I don't know, but these guys have it down. I've been working down the street and just found this place this week. Wish i had known about it a while ago. Pizza is crisp, flavorful sauce and just the right amount of cheese. Ate in, and service was good, although they seemed a bit busy. They could probably use some more help.

Would definitely come back when I'm in the area. It's good but, I wouldn't travel far to get here.
After a handful of visits, I found the place to be not too shabby, but it wasn't until my most recent visit that I fell in love. This place feels like a diner, something that's hard to find in Philly these days. Just on the brink of the Art Museum/North Philly district, Pete's serves up delicious appetizers that never disappoint. Their pizzas are great, though they could probably use a bit more cheese but if you're into thin crunchy crust then it's right for you. Their cheesesteaks are good, too, but are actually better when you take them home and microwave the leftovers. The rest of their sandwiches are also worth the price of admission, which isn't that high for much of their menu. It might not be the most delicious cuisine you've ever had, not even for a Pizzeria or a Diner, but it delivers in a pinch with a clutch menu, friendly service, and comfy booths.
Cool little neighborhood joint.  Split a small meat lovers pie with a coworker and we were thoroughly stuffed.
4 stars for their grinder. 1 star for their pizza. I'll round up and give them 3 stars. 

~~~~~~~~

On a recent takeout kind of a night, I stumbled upon Pete's Famous Pizza on GrubHub. What exactly caught my eye? The goliath grinders, which house a multitude of heart-clogging items, including mozzarella sticks, steak, chicken fingers, fries, and cheese. Essentially Primanti Brother's on steroids, the description of the grinder was highly reminiscent of the gut-busting 'Fat Beach' sandwich from the Grease Trucks by Rutgers University in NJ. Yes, my knowledge of calorie clogging meals extends to places I've never actually been to.

An added bonus? I appreciated that their takeout bags showcase the fact that they use delicious Amoroso's rolls.

Ultimate Goliath Grinder ($9.25)
Chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, french fries, steak, bacon, pizza cheese, pizza sauce

This grinder is indeed a behemoth-sized mess. The chicken fingers are crisply fried and juicy. The mozzarella sticks have girth, with a mess of mozzarella covering creamy french fries, smoky bacon, and steak. 

The pizza sauce helps to brighten up the grinder a bit, which is encased by a crusty Amoroso's roll. Still, this is clearly not a light dish. Expect to take a nap right after and definitely don't expect to be able to run a marathon right after.

Cheese Steak ($6.25)
Sharp provolone, fried onions

The cheese steak is decently seasoned and contains juicy steak, funky provolone, and a nice amount of onions. The roll serves as a perfect vehicle to house the ingredients. A decent iteration, this is at least a B+ or A- in my book. Could do with a bit more meat and cheese.

Vegetable Pizza ($12.50)
Large 14'' pizza, mushroom, onions, green peppers, broccoli, spinach, tomato, extra cheese.

On the strength of the grinder alone, I decided to give Pete's another try so I could sample their namesake 'famous' pizza. Unfortunately, this is where the praise ends. The prices were really surprisingly cheap - and it's clear why this is the case. This pizza was horrid. The veggies were sparse as was the cheese. I thought there was supposed to be extra cheese on this pizza? I'd hate to think what a regular cheese slice was like. Definitely nowhere near on par with a NYC slice. In fact, the crust made it clear that the dough was frozen. In fact, even by frozen pizza standards, this was a D-.

Angus Burger ($4.50)
American cheese, lettuce, tomato

Their burgers aren't exactly stellar pickings either. Advertised as 100% Angus, I expected more. This was ordered medium and came well-done. The patty itself was substantial for the price, but the meat had a funny taste - lighter fluid? There was also no seasoning and the patty was very dry.

Appetizer Sampler ($12.99)
Four mozzarella sticks, onion rings, three Buffalo wings, two chicken fingers, four jalapeno poppers.

They were out of jalapeno poppers, so opted to give us two additional chicken tenders instead. The tenders were nice - crisp and juicy. The mozzarella sticks were crisp and huge, housing a nice amount of salty mozzarella. The buffalo wings weren't my favorite. While they were meaty, they were very dry and had no buffalo sauce on them. No blue cheese dressing was provided either. The onion rings were paltry, with just a few broken pieces containing a subtly sweet batter. 

French Fries ($2.50)

The french fries were decent. Nicely crisp on the outside and creamy inside, they were lightly seasoned with salt.

Beer-Battered Onion Rings ($3.99)

The beer batter was subtly sweet and it's clear that a separate order is needed to get decent onion rings. The crisp rings are huge and accompanied by a mayo-ketchup mixture to dip into.

I'd order from Pete's Famous Pizza again, but definitely not for their pizza. In fact, they would do better to change their name to Pete's Famous Grinders and add a few more funky goliath-type creations to the mix.
I've been a customer of Pete's Famous for about 2+ years now, ever since I moved to Philly/Center City. It's only a block and a half from my place, and the pizza is very good. The reason I am giving this review only 2 stars is not because of the food, but because of customer service, or lack thereof to be more specific. On my way home from work tonight, I placed an order for pick up just before  8pm - a single, large Margherita pizza. The person on the other end said it'd be about 15-20 minutes. At 8:16, I arrived to pick up my pizza. After paying, the cashier said it would be "another 2 minutes." That 2 minutes turned into another 17 minutes! It's not like they were super backed up with orders, so I'm not sure that my order had even been relayed to the kitchen when I called.

I did not have a problem with the waiting. Well, ok, maybe just a little bit of a problem. But I'd have been perfectly fine if the person that rang me up and told me I'd have another couple of minutes to wait  had checked on my order and let me know what the hold up was for. But she was too busy texting on her phone to seem to care.  When my pizza was finally ready at 8:33, there was no "sorry for the wait" or anything.

Note to employees who work in establishments where there is a tip jar on the counter:  Tips are not automatically given just because there's a cup sitting there with a couple of dollars and some change.  Act like you actually give a crap about my business, and learn how to use phrases such as  "Thank you" and "I apologize". Little things like that really do go a long way in my book.

In summary, I still think the pizza from Pete's Famous is good, but perhaps it's time to give some other pizza places around here a shot at my business.
This is the worst neighborhood pizzaria ever! Im new to the neighborhood therefore, Im not familiar where to and not to eat at. Im a creature of habits.  I order the same thing everyday for lunch everyday ( chicken fingers and cheese fries). My order has never been consist, my tenders were either burnt or under cooked my fries are usually less than portion size. with the order, it usually comes with with a 4 ounce slaw but there has been several times i wouldn't get any or i get a very small portion. I've called and placed several of complaints they were not very apologetic  and gave me an attitude in return.
When was the last time you had good pizza from a place that wasn't from people of italian descent? Its hard to say, for me at least. I love pizza but the pizza from there isn't that great. The dough is chewy, overly cheesy and not enough sauce. The only good thing about the pizza is the good crust. Its nice and buttery.

Two things I recommend: Breakfast and a cheesesteak. Actually that sounds like a good combo...
I've been here twice. The first time, it was nice, I ordered a pizza and Mega fries (cheese wiz, mozzarella & I thinkkkk provolone, no bacon) and it was delicious. The food was warm when I picked it up & ready to go. 

The second time, I ordered just for the Mega fries & I asked for it to have no bacon again & asked for extra cheese wiz. I go in to pick it up, and I checked to make sure it was right and, get this- they gave me fries with NO cheese wiz... in fact, it was literally fries with just some shredded mozzarella. So I say, hey this was supposed to have extra cheese wiz, this has none. The guy says oh yeah we don't have that anymore. & im like well I don't understand, I ordered mega fries on the phone and was particular about extra cheese wiz. & then he just looks at me and says yeah we don have it. So, you mean to tell me I paid $1 extra for mega fries, when in fact I got some low tier cheese fries? I'm vegetarian, I didn't even get bacon on there!!! And why wouldn't you tell me this on the phone while I was ordering?

In a summary, pizza is good. Service could be improved, and don't expect mega fries, make sure you really ask about them when you order.
One word. Phenomenal! Service was excellent. This is your mom & pop pizzeria. Original plan was to grab a slide and go but we realized it's sit down or take a whole pie to go .... so we sat. Great decision. We had to try Philly's pizza coming from NY... will definitely be back! Grace our server was amazing and sweet! Thank you for your patience
Good, consistent and super-friendly. 

This place is around the corner from our house so we have been coming here at least once a week for the past 10 years or so. The food is good -- it's not a place I would bring a first date or business client to impress them -- but if you just want a good, filling meal at a reasonable price, you can't do much better than Pete's. It's been around forever, and when you are inside you can see a microcosm of the neighborhood sitting at tables or coming in to pick up -- everyone in Logan Square goes to Pete's!

In all the years we have been coming here, we have had exactly one minor issue with the food which they quickly rectified AND took the item off the bill. Service is friendly and efficient. Beer and wine list is decent for the kind of casual place it is. Prices range from reasonable to great value. (Their happy hour in particular is dirt cheap.) Our family of three can typically get dinner (and a round or two of drinks for mom and dad) for $30-40, and still have leftovers for the next day. 

Overall a great place to pop in for a quick bite or casual meal a step above basic takeout.
A group of us ventured into this spot for brunch after we did the Color Me Rad 5K. We walked inside, proud of all the color and sweat that covered our skin and clothing. After all the stares and congratulations, we were seated. Service was friendly and accommodating to our group of 7. The menu has all your favorite brunch items, as well as sandwiches, calzones, and of course, pizza!

I was in the mood for corned beef hash and eggs. Others placed breakfast orders, and at least one person ordered the pizza. Coffee wasn't as memorable, and the food was average. There is a bar, so you can order beer and liquor to accompany your food.  Glancing at the crowd, this is a spot that attracts many. I finished my plate, but it's pretty much your basic diner/restaurant food. Not sure what is so famous about it? The pizza that was ordered didn't look as appetizing. 

Three stars on this one, unless I magically come here again and am blown away.
They have a good happy hour with craft beers at $4 (albeit a limited selection with just two) and $3 yards bottles. Food is generally cheap but doesn't come with any sides so if you want fries or fried mac n cheese balls (Highly recommend) you'll be paying normal food fare for the area. Worth a stop! Buffalo wings are great but garlic parm wings lack flavor. Pizza has a crunchy crust but could use more sauce in my girlfriend's opinion.
I want to like this place a lot more than I do because it's less than 5 minutes from home, and I normally wouldn't bother writing a meh review, but my take out order was just really mediocre and particularly disappointing. 

I ordered two pizzas, and when I got to my destination (4 minutes from the restaurant), pizza grease had soaked through both boxes. Obviously pizza is not one of the healthiest food groups, but I would've liked to continue deluding myself at least during my meal. 

Both tasted fine, but there was nothing remarkable about the crust. A little too heavy on the cheese IMO, which might've accounted for all the grease. My total was $26 which grinded my gears a little, as I could've gotten four, slightly less mediocre, medium pizzas for that amount at Dominoes. 

I see from the other reviews that the wings and sandwiches are good -- a bit ironic given the name of the restaurant, but I might be back to try something non-pizza and give it another chance. For pizza, I'll probably walk down a few blocks to Mix on Chestnut instead.
I'll preface my review with this: the pizza market is a competitive one. That said, my two friends and I had a great time here. Our primary reason for coming to Petes was my best friend from college's boyfriend's apartment's proximity to this place (one block). Additional contributing factors were the weather (it was raining), and need a place pregaming scrabble. This is, on all fronts, a wholesome establishment. Everyone, from patrons to staff, was kind, save for a table of guys we overheard saying that "BYOB" stands for "bring your own bitch", which is not only offensive but a stupid joke. The veggie pizza and old bay fries were pretty dec
Gross!  I would rather eat garbage. Stay far away. Not only is the food bad but customer service is horrendous. Even the manager is worthless.
This *was* my favorite go-to lunch and an occasional dinner place for 21 years! Not anymore. Something happened few months ago - maybe an ownership change of staff/cooks turnover, but Pete's went off a cliff. It is bad. After going there for so many years, we gave it 5 or 6 second chances, and we were disappointed every single time: service was slow, food took forever to arrive, pizza that used to be delicious tasted bad - bland, hard crust, no flavor, cheesecake was really bad and had maybe a third of meat that they used to put on, the list goes on an on. We came with larger groups - at least 4 people every time, so we tried A LOT of dishes - each person commented on how much worse Pete's got. 

I know I am not the only one noticing the change - it used to be packed with people for lunch, even a line during the rush. It was literally empty last time we came. 

I will give it a few months and come back one last time, but I almost lost hope... I will really miss my favorite lunch place in Philly.
Good pizza. We ordered their takeout special, which is two large pizzas (cheese) and a two liter for around 14 bucks.  Additional cost for toppings. 

I thought the size of a large was rather small. My partner and I could have easily finished eating one large pizza.  The crust has a great flavor but is extremely crunchy. The downfall for me was that there was ALOT of crust... I'm not a crust gal so I felt like half of my slice ended up going to waste, which was a bummer. I'll probably be back because it's close to home, but not my solid go-to place for pizza.
I really love the pizza from Pete's. I have never been there in person, we always order a delivery. But this is definitely one of the best.
Ordered delivery.  Cheesesteak, Parmesan truffle fries, and a pizza.  Asked for cheesesteak to be toasted, it wasn't.  Asked for fries to be crispy, they were kind of soggy, and they weren't even truffle and there really wasn't any Parmesan on them.  Pizza was made on cheap dough and really wasn't that good.  I ended up giving it to the dog and she didn't want it, so the mice in the alley enjoyed it.

Kidding about the last part.  The cheesesteak was pretty decent, I just wish they would've followed my simple request.  Never again as far as the fries and pizza however.
As everyone else says, THE ONLY REASON THESE PEOPLE ARE GETTING ONE STAR IS BECAUSE I CAN'T GIVE THEM 0 OR A NEGATIVE NUMBER FOR THAT MATTER. Ordered a buffalo wing platter. I specifically asked for ketchup, salt and pepper on the first order of fries (they gave me fries in a bag with a bunch of pepper thrown onto them). Instead of giving me buffalo wings, these people gave me overcooked fried chicken. They proceeded to give me hot sauce in a plastic container on the side. I called (the girl I spoke to was very nice and polite) and was able to get a replacement order. These are the "buffalo wings" they gave me. This is another order of fried chicken that was cooked somewhat correct with a minimal amount of hot sauce scarcely tossed onto them. They could have at least given me buffalo sauce for supposed buffalo wings. Will NEVER order from here again. I suggest no one else order from here either, who knows what else they'll do. The only good thing that came out of this were the two interactions with the girl over the phone and the police SECOND driver (NOT THE FIRST ONE).
Decent pizza if you're in a bind and don't have other options. Eggplant parmigiana is also meh. Food is decent but nothing to rave about.
I used to order my cheesesteaks from this place ALL THE TIME! But I recently moved and they don't deliver to my new home. I didn't eat much else on the menu, but the order through Grubhub usually came within 30 minutes and always tasted great! 

Also, if you're a french fry lover, the fries are bomb!
Forgot our fries when we paid for a deluxe cheesesteak and 3 out of the 5 mozzarella sticks we ordered were literally empty. Like all the cheese somehow escaped the sticks. And they refused to send new ones or give a refund. So essentially we paid $6 for 2 mozzarella sticks. Lame.
I ordered a chicken wrap with a side of marinara sauce. The sauce was right out of a can which tasted awful, and the chicken was average. Will not be back. What Italian restaurant serves marinara sauce out of a can?
Their type of pizza is not my thing.  It reminds me of school lunch pizza.  Its too bready, but not deep dish.  There isn't nearly enough pizza sauce, and the pizzas are small.  

I pass by this place all the time and it isn't ever packed but never seems to want for business.  And this seems to be the go-to place for the local police; there are always cops eating in there at any time of day.  I feel like giving it a second shot is inevitable, but after our first experience, we're not in any hurry..
I've never tried Pete's Famous Pizza until this past weekend. My friend's son likes it and I've been getting their mailers, so I figured, why not? I ordered a Pete's Special Pizza for delivery. The delivery was prompt, but the pizza was very disappointing. The crust was a bit soggy, the cheese wasn't fully melted, and all of the toppings were just sort of dumped in the middle (and didn't seem to have been baked with the pizza). I ate some of the pizza and had planned to eat leftovers all weekend, but I didn't even bother to save the leftovers.
I live in Rittenhouse square. Needed to find a place that delivers pizza at 10 on a Sunday night. I asked Google and they gave me Pete's. I had never ordered there before so I was taking a shot in the dark. I ordered a small pizza with sausage and peppers. A Cheesesteak with extra American cheese and fried onions, and  an order of mozzarella sticks. Not only was the food delivered quickly, I noticed right away while sticking my hand into the bag and holding the bottom of the pizza box, that it was all piping hot. They were two for two before I even took a bite. When I started eating the food it was extremely delicious. I grew up way downtown, and I know what a good cheesesteak, and pizza should taste like. This was a good pie and a good steak. if you order from this place you will not be disappointed. The food was delicious. The guy on the phone took my order quick. The driver was friendly and met me in the lobby. I would probably not consider ordering pizza from anywhere else around here after having this one. as if that wasn't enough the icing on the cake was that they had the real mozzarella sticks. The old school ones, not the terrible ones most joints are passing off for Sticks these days. Pete I can see why your pizza is famous. Job well done!!!
The men who seemed to be the managers at this location were disgustingly crude!!! As I was waiting for my pick up order I could clearly hear them talking, without intentionally over listening, about having intercourse multiple times THAT DAY. Talking vulgar about women and their sex life. Then continued to talk about sexual topics together. Sure do hope they wash their hands often. Will not ever be returning to this nasty joint. The food was not bad, but the workers made me not to even eat it!!! Yuck.
Terrible place to order for delivery. Can't handle big orders on time. Doesn't communicate well with online providers. Just wasted two hours waiting on order without giving proper updates. Called the place and guy who answered didn't sound he cares.
