Nach einem verunglückten Besuch der Germantown, haben wir den restlichen Nachmittag für einen Ausflug zur Franklin Mills Mall genutzt. Die Outlet Mall befindet sich im Nordosten von Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , an der Grenze von Bensalem in Bucks County.

Hier findet man 200 Ladengeschäfte, 2 Foodcourts, 7 Themenrestaurants und ein Kino. In der Mall befinden sich normale Geschäfte und auch Factory Stores. Unter anderem gibt es dort unter anderem den Tommy Hilfiger Company Store, Polo Ralph Lauren Factory Store, Levi's Outlet Store und für meine Mädels einen Victoria's Secret.

In der Mall wurde ein kostenloses WLAN angeboten, das aber nur leidlich funktionierte. Die Mall ist wirklich gigantisch groß, daher wurden die Geschäfte in 4 Neighborhoods eingeteilt, die auf dem Plan in verschiedenen Farben gekennzeichnet wurden.

Die Mall ist vollkommen geschlossen und machte einen sehr gepflegten Eindruck. Auf Kleidung zahlt man in Pennsylvania keine TAX. Sicherlich ein lohnendes Shoppingziel, wenn man mal in der Nähe ist.
I will honestly never go here again if I can help it. While I love a majority of the stores in the mall, I can't help but be turned off by the people I am surrounded by every time I visit. The mall is run rampant with teenagers who are always up to no good, and the security seems to always be busy riding around on their Segways to do anything about the rowdy teens. 

During my last visit, a fight broke out. It was not the fight that made the news, that happened some time AFTER the fight I witnessed. I used to go there a lot with my son, but after witnessing people being jumped for no reason I cannot risk going there with a child again. This mall needs to up their security, and kick the teens out that are doing nothing but walking the mall wreaking havoc. Franklin Mills used to be a great place, it's a shame what the mall has come to.
This place is pretty far from Brooklyn, about an hour and 45 minutes, but it is indoor, and sometimes it feels good to take a long drive, get out of the city, and shop in peace. This mall suppose to be an outlet mall, but as I've been realizing lately, it's not, they have all the stores a regular mall has, H&M, forever21, Bebe, but some of the stores are the same price as if you were going to any other mall. I mainly go there for the Polo outlet, they do accept the promotional polo coupons, so when we have a good one, like 30-40% our entire purchase we come to pick up a few things for our toddler. Other stores like forever 21 isn't a outlet, no good sales, Nike also, it looks like any other outlet store, but the sneakers are never any cheaper than if I bought them at footlocker. Victoria Secret is also the same price as anywhere else, we actually came because my daughter wants a bunch of Pink outfits/pajamas for Christmas, we all know how expense the stuff is, so I figured let's come here to "save money" when checking the price, I noticed it's the same price as online, they had no good sales, no good coupons, but since we drove almost two hours, might as well make the best of it, and finish our Christmas shopping. 

The mall seems to be going through some renovations, which is good because they needed it, it's a weird layout, long hallways, difficult to navigate, not enough maps to help you either. 

The food court is absolutely pathetic, no good options, very small, so if you get hungry while shopping, good luck! 

There is always plenty of parking, which is a plus, go during the week when it's empty, make sure you have coupons, they help.
Only come here for like two stores because some of the other stores that are supposed to be outlets.... do not have outlet prices or deals. 

If I do come to Franklin Mills, Ill come and go to the Walmart or the five below and occasionally the movies theater which is okay to come to when its like 5 buck day. 

The bath and body works is maybe the only other store that is worth it when I visit this mall. This mall used to be so much better, but I feel like it fell off a bit.
This is not my favorite mall.  In fact, except for the Roosevelt Mall, Franklin Mills is my least favorite mall in the Philly area.  I live about 5 minutes away, and I only go into the actual mall about once a year, usually when a friend drags me there.

It's a dark, maze-like building, and I find the layout unappealing.  I do, however, like that it's 1 mile long, so at least you can get a workout while you're there, since nothing else is worth the trip.  Most of the stores are weird stores that you've never heard of, which have cheap-looking clothing that I personally wouldn't waste my money on.  The only worthwhile stores are the Banana Republic, Gap, Old Navy, and Ann Taylor outlets (and Ann Taylor is still expensive) and Steve & Barry's (but only for Sarah Jessica Parker's Bitten line).  Otherwise, this mall sucks.  

I also don't like the theater.  I used to go to the movies at Franklin Mills all the time back when they were in a separate building, not attached to the mall proper.  But, once they attached the theaters to the mall, I noticed that the moviegoing crowd was a different demographic.  Suddenly, my fellow moviegoers were the kind of people who answer their very loudly ringing cell phones in the middle of the film and then proceed to have very loud conversations for 10 minutes, or they bring infants, or they're annoying teenage boys who do obnoxious things during the movie.  All of these things have caused me to stop going there (I prefer Woodhaven, which is clean, quiet, closer to my house, and which still has student discounts, and Neshaminy).  

As for the mall area itself, I sometimes go to Sam's Club, and I avoid Wal-mart at all costs (evil, evil conglomerate).  But the beer distributor in the Wal-mart shopping center is awesome - they have a great selection.  And the wine & spirits superstore has the best wine selection in Pennsylvania (at least that I've found).  They're way bigger than the usual state store, and they have a lot of wines to choose from (not as many as stores in NY state or NJ or Total Wines in Delaware, but I'll take it).  

In all, I'd say save your money and go to a mall that has real stores.  Even the good stores at Franklin Mills are only outlets, so they have last year's styles or items that were not made correctly, so basically, the stores here are reject stores.  No fun.
Ugh ok so first of all the freaking parking lot the building is marked with numbers so I thought that would help but the isles are not numbered and this parking lot is hugeeeeee and the mall is weird how it's shaped just very annoying.  Anyway. As far as the mall goes i don't know what to say cause I went in a store and said oh let me put the bag back in my car so I don't have to carry it and that's where the problem started. I walk out and can't find my car.   I was In the vicinity because I knew I was where the 3 building was but the lot is so big and not numbered I had the hardest time finding my car. So annoying. I was almost ready to ask security to drive me around lol yes it was that bad and maybe some is part my fault but number the darn isles so I at least have a shot at finding my car!  

As far as the mall ehhhhhh I didn't find that many deals and if I gotta go through all that in the parking lot I'll pass on the weirdly shaped mall that spits you out wherever !!!!!!
Poorly laid out mall. Over the years it has been in business, many stores have come and gone. Some of the larger Anchor stores such as Boscov's outlet store. The mall is great for early mall walkers. The entire mall complex has lost a lot of stores we liked to shop at. Restaurants have come and gone and we've lost a few good ones. There are restaurants and fast food establishments in smaller stand alone stores. The are also other shopping establishments that are located on the larger mall property. Harbor Freight has a tool outlet store that I frequent regularly. They have many great sale items and you can subscriber to a store catalog flier that comes regularly. There is a relatively new Super Walmart attached to the main mall that replaced a smaller regular Walmart on the mall property. There is also a Retro Fitness gym on the property as well as a large tire and battery outlet for your vehicle.
Just passing through and stopped by here.

The building is very nice. The upgrades are phenomenal. They just need to work on filling the empty stores. All the typical stores you see when visiting outlets but all enclosed as if it were a regular mall. 

All the entrances look identical so be sure to remember which door you come in. I think they should at least color code those lots. 

The food selection is almost nonexistent so don't come hungry.
I don't care for this mall. Shoe stores upon shoe stores upon shoe stores. The food courts suck. The crowd isn't the greatest either (especially since attaching Wal-Mart to it, eeek) . The only thing it's good for is Marshalls and Vitamin World. Other than that, you won't catch me wandering around. I only go there when I know what I need!
Franklin Mills was such a hot place to shop in the '80s-'90s but now it is dying. A victim of mall/outlet business cycle, everyone want to go to the new palces and forget the old. 
It does look like a shopping center from the 70's.

There is some hope. 
At the south end, the whole section has been torn down to make way for a Walmart.

It was sad working though and seeing all the empty stores.
Must be the worst mall in America. From the layout to the dated decor, this is the armpit of northeast Philly.
If you like dirty, smelly, gross, stores, then you found your place.
Oh dear lord, it is disgusting in here.  I just automatically start cringing when i walk through the door.  It is huge and theres lot of variety but ew, its so ghetto and disgusting.  Lots of slow moving crowds too. Thats never fun. 
In that area,  Neshaminy mall is like 5 minutes away.  Go there.  You'll be much happier (and cleaner) when you leave.
This weekend I went to the Franklin Mills Mall for the second time ever, the first time being in 2000. I had remembered it being big, with a lot of empty stores, and a couple big restaurants (we ate at the Rainforest Cafe, and I also remember seeing an Elephant & Castle). Well, things have changed a little bit - there are almost no empty stores, which actually makes King of Prussia, my "home" mall, look a bit sad! But the big restaurants are gone, the only non-food court place to eat is Ruby Tuesday. We did have lunch there, it was good, and our waitress was super nice. Also, there was a booth near where we were that was apparently a tight squeeze to get into, and I had a great view of people trying to squish their way in, deciding they can't fit, and asking to move to a different table.

We ended up parking at one end and walking through, having not seen a map, which was really amusing because the mall is shaped like a lightning bolt! So every time it looked like we were coming to the end of a stretch of stores I would say, "No, I think it was bigger than this, we'll probably turn a corner," and then we did turn a corner, zigging and zagging to the opposite end of the mall. My husband was totally confused by the layout, and delighted by the hardwood floors. There are places throughout the mall with unusual features, like the "video court," which has a giant tower of TVs with neon lightning bolts coming out the top. And the whole mall had a weird mood because there is no music playing outside of the stores. Overall, it feels like nothing has been updated since the mall opened in 1989 (in fact, a lot of stores still have the 1990s version of their logo on the sign, like Bath & Body Works and Bed Bath & Beyond).

There were a lot of random stores we'd never heard of, but I have a feeling they might be parent companies of several brands, all in one store? Can't think of any examples at the moment. Most places there are "outlets" or "factory stores," so there were some good deals.

Overall, I was pretty impressed with Franklin Mills. It was fun to check out a different mall, and nice to have access to outlet stores in an indoor setting.
Being the bargain hunter I am this mall looked promising. 

Alas, it became clear that this was one of Dante's circles of hell. 

Large slow-moving crowds with no destination circle the endless hallways with strollers. Kids with "heelys" zooming annoyingly ahead of their care-takers in small herds. You must resist the urge to clothes-line or trip them. If you escape these, it is only a moment before you get accosted by someone selling some sort of "Dead Sea salt" concoction. Pulling your hand away to freedom you try to flee but you are now trapped behind a wall of strollers in a never-ending hallway.
I did my Christmas shopping here. Fortunately, it wasn't very busy, even though it was the last Sunday before Christmas. It has a decent number of stores, but it doesn't really have the flagship stores I'm used to malls having, like Macy's or Lord and Taylor.

The layout of the mall kinda sucks though. It's a long strip with no central area and it doesn't loop around. Their food court, if you could call it that, kinda sucked too.
THEY DON'T HAVE A BOOKSTORE!

Knocked off a few stars for that and the fact that I had the worst food court meal here (stay away from Japan Express). I know it's an outlet mall, but books can be a bargain, too! At least they had an FYE, I think maybe the only store that sold DVDs? Tons of ghetto club wear, stores you can find in the Gallery, and some nicer fancy pants brand stores. 

Some of the pluses I noted: the food court is well maintained by the cleaning staff, there is adequate monitoring by security on segway, and the fact that they provide shopping carts to use in the mall.

It's not the best mall, but the discounts are there, and you'll have to suffer some annoyances to get to it. Can't wait for the Christmas madness to begin again...
I visited Franklin Mills a few months ago for the first time in more than a decade.  What happened to this place?  Does anyone remember the Rainforest Cafe?  Or Elephant and Castle?  Two cute restaurants that are now gone.  As far as merchandise went, I thought most of the stores looked junky and picked over.  But The As Seen On TV store was pretty cool, and there's also a good Five Below.  My two-star rating is based on these two stores alone.  Otherwise, you're not missing much by not coming here.  The outlet stores aren't all that spectacular; I'd rather embark on the 1.5-hour drive to the ones in Lancaster instead.

FM's interior is dark and dingy, and the bizarre layout forces you to walk in an endless circle if you can't locate the color-coded door near which you parked and by which you entered.  (If you're familiar with the zodiac symbol for Aquarius, that's how this mall is shaped.)  The clientele are trashy -- lots of tattoos and low-income shoppers, so much so that I felt as if I had wandered into a prison yard.  The exterior signage needs an update, as their logo has 1990 written all over it.

I remember when Franklin Mills opened in 1989 to tremendous accolades, with tour buses arriving for happy day-long shopping trips.  Such excursions are now a thing of the past, and the buses just go to the Lancaster outlets instead.  It's sad to see what Franklin Mills has devolved to today. 

To top it all off, my husband and I almost got into dragged into fights, and over weird, petty mistakes.  I should not have been surprised, given the quality of FM's clientele.  Seriously, someday this place will be every bit as abysmal as the Gallery at Market East.  The whole time I was there, I felt claustrophobic and unsafe...definitely not coming back.
Time to put this old nag outta her misery.  The decrepitude is really showing.  The recession is really showing as mall kiosks and stores close up.  The AC was hardly working at all and me and my friend were sweating to death.  A lot of the outlet stores here only sell inferior merchandise with their labels on them--you may think you are getting a Guess Original off price but you are really buying clothes that were manufactured in the same factory but not designed by Guess. They slap the label on them and make money selling to a lower income market.  The secret is in the design and workmanship. 
The best deals can be found in Burlington Coat Factory.

If it wasn't for the Cosmetics Company Store in here, i wouldn't waste the gas and energy.
I really don't understand all the negative reviews this place gets... I mean really... the best selection of outlets, in my opinion that isn't too far away from Philly. Quite honestly I prefer the ones in Lancaster but these are not that bad...

There's your big name stores like Old Navy, H&M, Burlington Coat Factory, Fifth Avenue, Nautica, Polo... I mean there are quite a few and they always have good sales, you just have to look for them. They also have the small no name stores, but those are the best because you can always get cheap stuff...

SHOES! I have never had so many options for shoes! Whenever I really need something that I don't feel like spending a fortune one because it's a one time thing or whatnot I go here... 

I have never had a break-in in the parking lot or ever seen anything violent.. and I've been here more than once at all times of years.

P.S. Black friday here is not worth it. (personal opinion)
This is a great discount mall.

You can really get the best bargains ever.  Try  Banana Republic, Ann Taylor, Gap, Saks, 9 West...the possibilities are endless.  The ride is not too bad either. It's only about 30 minutes from the Main Line and so worth it. 

Pros: Worth the drive! Quality clothing at half the price! 

Cons: Bathrooms could be cleaner.
11/17/18 was my first time here. I came up here to meet up with my younger brother, my sister in law and my niece. I really like this place. There's some good stores here, good restaurants inside and nearby. Very clean on the inside.
Wow, this place has really gone down since it's heyday like 5 or 6 years ago.

Now it's really just a collection of mid-tier retail outlets with barely any foot traffic even during peak times.  So why the decent review?

The reason is - oddly enough I always end up finding some ridiculous bargain here.  This time around it was some dirt cheap Superdry shirts in Nieman Marcus.  In the past my lady bought some ridiculously cheap clothes at Liz Claiborne.  She also got some mad cheap stuff from Aeropostale.  Not to mention, I also scored some very good jeans/shirts at Ecko here at pretty rock bottom prices.  There just always seems to be that one or two odd stores that hold a crazy dirt cheap sale around here - even if the overall quality of the mall has gone down considerably.

It's a shame because this place has a good amount of retail space.  But even when the damn Popeye's moves out - things don't look so hot.  But at least they have a movie theater and a Dave & Busters here for people who are looking to be mildly entertained while other folks go shopping.  

Would I say this is a reason to go to Philly?  Hell no.  But if you're on the way there and want to stop by and see if you can score a good deal, this place still has value.

Plus, I'm sure traffic will pick up once the Wal-Mart moves into the old Boscov's space.
The parking lot is notorious for break-INS and vandalism; park with other cars and don't go to this mall after dark. Write down where you parked and remember which entrance you used; this place is gigantic.
The long hallways encourage kids in heely shoes to run rampant, so be aware. Don't expect to get anywhere fast if you're there at a crowded time, either.
This mall.. is dark. It was good like back on 2001. But now.. a lot of dead bulbs, broken tvs, smokers right at the entrance, more dead bulbs. Good stores has turned into outlets. Funny that Philadelphia Premium Outlets looked brighter at night than this mall.

Not sure about the food at the food court. But yeah, this mall was good way back. I don't know what happen..

I think most people still go there because of DnB. Not sure though.. They seriously in need of a better management.
My only issue with this mall is the only way- one direction that you cannot cut through and have to simply go from start to finish and back seeing the same stuff you've seen before. Overall it is not terrible, but is not a favorite mall of mine. When I come, I would just stop at the massage chair section. 

I am happy though that they opened up a Forever 21 there and it is HUGE.
This is one of my favorite malls.

They recently went through some major construction, and it looks so fancy inside! Definitely more of an upscale mall now, including a brand new carousel in one of the food courts! I'm not a fan of the new jumbotron screens (I'm always nervous something like that will fall on my head), but I think they are just trying to become more modern, and keep up with malls like King of Prussia.
You can literally find anything you need in this mall, and it is so long that walking it once (down and back) from end to end is actually some pretty good exercise. The mall includes several restaurants, Dave & Busters, 2 food courts, Starbucks, a super Walmart, and a movie theatre- aside from the countless shops. There is also a multitude of kiosks selling everything from jewelry to balloons. yes- balloons. Need a place to go Christmas shopping? hit up this mall and you will find a gift for everyone on your list!
This is a mall with clearance stuff. Outlets. Some nice, some not. People are bussed in from the Ghetto to this mall to spend. See for yourself! Overall, a good spot to go if you need something in a budget.
Discounts discounts discounts! I'm not really a mall person (idk, just think it's a "family place" to hang and it's never any stores outside of the usual mundane options) but when I do go, I need to catch a sale to feel the true purpose of going in the first place. 

I love Franklin Mills for that reason alone, the discounts and outlets; I could never leave here empty handed! 

My go to stores are, Kenneth Cole, Fossil, Forever 21, Aldo, Gap, Wilson Leather, Old Navy and Off Fifth Avenue ::---- they ALWAYS have great prices.  Brought two watches under $100, bro brought leather flip flops with plaid thong print and a Nike tee for a total of $35.00. Noooot baaaaaad! Lol
Pros:
This is a huge mall, and if you had to, you could probably kill a LOT of time here just walking around. It's true that you can find some incredible deals here at some of the outlets. There are a TON of stores in this mall. Sometimes the place is dead with no people around, which makes for a pretty peaceful shopping experience.

Cons:
This mall has gone waaaay down since I was a kid. Although there are a lot of stores,  very few of them interest me (they have a store that seems to sell only pajamas and has adult-sized onesie/footed pajamas in the window...what the hell?! And another store that seems to sell only cheap, fake costume jewelry..why is that necessary?) When the place is packed, it's an absolute nightmare. Lots of trashy people, profanity, and a ton of obnoxious, screaming little children running around; their parents either have them on leashes or are very inattentive to what their kids are doing. A toddler walked off with my purse once when I put it on a bench for a moment to condense some of my bags and her booty-short wearing, thong-displaying mother didn't even notice; I had to chase the toddler down and get it back myself while the kid screamed bloody murder. 

In short, I do like some of the stores and again the deals can be fabulous, but , I have to be prepared to deal with a certain type of crowd to come here.
This place has seen better days.

I remember when I used to come here in my childhood and it seemed like an adventure; now its just fond memories.

They have 2 food courts (with a auntie annies in the middle of the 'mall').

If you live in the neighborhood, it's ok but Neshaminy is one of the better ones in the area.

They have lots of large slow-moving crowds of teens that roam the mall and the overall clientelle in the mall is kind of like the mall itself: cheap and worn out.

I'd avoid this mall at all costs.
This mall used to be called Franklin Mills, but recently changed to Philadelphia MIlls. The stores seem to be the same as I remember, but there are some new stores that opened. I barely come to shop at Philadelphia Mills, but the stores I usually aim for are sneaker stores or the Nike store. I do come here with my friends and family to Dave and Busters which is at the mall and also to watch movies. There is also a Sam's club nearby and a Walmart that just opened up recently. I had bad experience with the food court before so I never went back to it again. If you really need something and close by this is the mall to go to, but if you want to go to a better mall with friends and family there are way better ones than Philadelphia Mills.
Wow, this mall has changed, and not for the better.

I was there the weekend it opened and it was funny because I was accosted by a lobster that was being silly with three friends, including Ben Franklin, I believe.  There were tour buses arriving daily, and it wasn't the only Mills mall--Potomac Mills was in the D.C. area and there were maybe 5 others.

This mall was barely anything like that one.  It seemed tired.  The only original store, I believe, was Bed, Bath, and Beyond.  Everything else had changed.

It opened with a roller skating rink, bowling alley, and more for kids, but now, it has Dave & Busters for overgrown kids.

The Wall Sound & Music has been replaced with FYE.  A lot of stores just don't seem to have any resonance at this point.  It was good to have Sprint, AT&T, and T-Mobile there, though.

There is more outside the mall that I like (Big Lots, Sam's Club, etc.) than inside the mall.  Can you expect much since the tours are gone?
This used to be my go to place to buy clothes and such. They had amazing deals and great clothes. They definately still do, but this mall has gotten to be waaaaay over crowded. It's so frustrating trying to weeve through people just to get somewhere. Also, this mall has got to have the most ridiculous and rudest customers ever!!! Bc it's so crowded, something you accidently bump into someone. You can say sorry ya know!!! Or if I'm the one who accidentally bumps into someone, I say sorry, but in return, I get the ugliest stare back (like, "Omg, you just bumped me. You better keep walking or I'm going to punch you")

Moving on... they did add some great stores recently which is a plus. Also, I see that they are doing more renovations down by the movie theatres side. That side needs some great new features bc there's barely anything there and any store that opens tends to close within a year down that way. Hopefully, this will improve it.

DnB - Love going to this one. Parking is free and it has a bowling alley! :-) Waaaay expensive, so I never bowl here, but it's great for parties.
If you can't deal with the Franklin Mills Mall; STAY HOME.  First off; deep deep discounts.  Second off; it has air conditioning.  Third off; there's a cookie store.  Fourth off; each area is called a neighborhood. 

YES there are weirdos here but there are weirdos everywhere.  YES it's very long and maybe not very well planned out but so is West Philly and I don't see you giving them negative yelp reviews? 

In conclusion if you are my friend and you have a car I will always ask you to take me to Franklin Mills.
This place used to be called "Franklin Mills" but they changed it's name to "Philadelphia Mills". There's definitely a modern take to it this time around and there are more stores here.
I do enjoy rolling through this place form time to time but gotta say this joint is dumpy as all hell.

It's such an international mish mash that you really don't know what's going on, and every store has pretty much let themselves go because it really doesn't matter. It's more like a third world bazaar in another country and not a Philadelphia shopping center. The coffee shops totally suck and have been ruined by people who don't drink nor understand or even care to understand coffee. Thankfully I did see a Starbucks kiosk open up in the common area in front of Burlington Coats which is awesome!! I threw out the coffee I purchased at the beanery from a lady who was walking around ins slippers like she was at home.

At any rate you will find some good things here, the Marshalls is pretty decent although its being infected by the crappiness of the mall, and the Nike store is pretty bangin. I did score a killer pair of Nikes and a pair of Jordan's for 75 bucks total which made the trip worth it!!

 Enjoy at your own risk.

Oh yeah the best thing about this mall used to be the discount PA liquer store outlet which is gone. Ug!!

For the complete opposite experience I recommend going to Philadelphia premium in Pottstown.
Yuck!  There is absolutely nothing appealing about this mall, nor is there any store or perceived bargain that draws me here.  I used to live closeby, and when the mall first opened, the stores and clientele were much nicer (even though the weekends brought busloads of people from all over).  Now, you walk through the mall and it's almost spooky, with so many closed stores, people bumping into you seemingly on purpose (keep your wallets and credit cards in check!), absolutely no civility or manners of any kind displayed by shoppers or those who work in these dreadful "outlet" stores.  Oh, sure, you can find some true "bargains" in Off Fifth and in the Neiman stores, but really the prices are still sky high for most of us.  

There is also this weird odor as you walk through, I can't describe it.  A friend refers to it as "stench."  Maybe.  

Oh, and don't make the mistake of showing up at the mall hungry and expecting something that even remotely resembles food that is appealing, because that it ain't.  Even the "remote" restaurants that are on the outskirts are undesirable.
EKKKKKKK!!!!  My first and last trip to Franklin Mills was made this past Saturday.  I immediately noticed a shady, scary type of clientele.  The mall was dirty, rather dingy and just had  a plain uncomfortable aura about it.....I felt as if I was walking through a prison with 90% of the other mall "shoppers" looking right at home there.  I walked through, checked out the outlets which had so so prices and clinched my pocket book tightly the entire time I was there.  An hour later I had enough of looking over my shoulder and got the heck out of there.  I went to Neshaminy Mall instead.  

My advice, if you don't mind walking through "gangs" of shady characters, and feel safe around people who dress in Walmart clothes who can't afford the outlet mall prices but still proudly walk around like they own the place....by all means...feel free to enjoy!
When I was a child I used to come all the way from England to visit my grandparents in Philadelphia. They live just a short distance from this mall, which used to be rather nice. Now it's a sort of outlet mall, filled with badly-made offcasts from your favourite brands and hordes of aimless bargain shoppers.

The only thing that remains from my childhood is the creepy animatronic Benjamin Franklin head.
Love it! This is the best place to go if you're looking for deals on clothing.  One tip - get there as soon as they open in the AM - otherwise you may be crushed by the crowds.  I'm not a mall fan - but I do like visiting Franklin Mills at least once a year to stock up on clothing and presents (yes - I go there extra early to do holiday shopping).  

Make sure you wear your walking shoes - and if you're bringing your husband - make sure he has a portable gaming device so he doesn't get annoyed with you trying on too many outfits ;)
Perhaps one of the worst outlet malls around.  Lots of vacant stores, run down and disorganized shops, mall security guards everywhere and in groups of 3 or 4 which tells me this place probably has its share of trouble.  Although, there are a few good stores this place is not worth the trip in my opinion.
Found a few pairs of really nice sneakers at in City Blue a great price. Told the people at the store that I would be back with my wife so she could try them on. Came back 10 minutes before the mall closes, and find the store closed up. I was looking in the windows trying to get the worker's attention. Employees in the store motioned as if to shoosh us away. They just lost about $150 in sales. Will never be back to the store, and probably never back to Philadelphia Mills. With customer service, and poorly enforced lease agreements like this, the whole place is destined to be closed within a year. 

People wonder why physical retail locations are slowly dying off. This is a prime example of why. The personal wishes and wants of employees outweigh the customers.
This mall attracts the teenage/early 20's crowd. I love the diversity of this mall. You could find pretty much anything here. The clothes is my kind of style and there are a couple of choices to pick from. Demo was one of my favorites but I think it closed down now. Against all odds is still there though. There are alot of sneaker stores too which is good when you cant find your size... just try another store in the same place. Bed Bath and Beyond is great but be conscious of the fact that you have to carry whatever you buy out of the mall and into the car which could be a pretty long walk depending where you park. I like to part at the beginning near the theatre and walk down to the end where they have a new Dave and Busters. I could then walk back and buy anything big on the way back to the car. 

The only thing I don't like is the theatre. Too many young people calls for a loud movie audience. People just don't shut up. I'd rather take the drive elsewhere unless I'm catching an early movie.
This is an outlet mall.  Stay away from this place on the weekends.  Shop during the weekdays.  You get better deals without fighting the crowds.
Just left store.  Half the staff walking around with mask down below nose and mouth. The way they have the lines set up makes me question the leadership here. You have one line literally from the front all the way back to electronics. There are 3-4 people at the front of the store on cellphones not doing shit. Meanwhile only 3 open registers and self checkout?  Lady in sports didn't know if her machine took Apple Pay...  no manger to be seen. Staff clearly isn't there to EARN  anything. There was an older lady who tried to help me but claimed she was knew and didn't know. She apologized to me and said at her last job they didn't treat people like this.l and she couldn't believe the store was being run the way it was. 

I'll be going to Neshaminy from now on. This place is sadly
A dump now.
Philadelphia Mills, Franklin Mills to me has always been a staple in our family. We are up here at least three times a month. They have almost everything you could possibly need. It has gotten better over the years. It used to be a bit unruly but has since changed. 
It is a very clean mall. There is no litter anywhere and the trash cans are emptied in a timely manner. They also polish the floors regularly. 
The food court isn't the largest by any measure however they do have some nice choices of fare and there are also little snacks throughout the mall. My favorite being Auntie Anne's pretzels and Cinnabon. 
They also have tighter security now, which is probably why it is a more pleasant experience. They have plenty of Security guards on staff. I drop my teenage Daughters off here without worry. They have never had a problem. The AMC movies is their favorite spot to go. I would definitely recommend this mall to anyone.
So am I a big mall fan - no ! But I have big , wide feet and it's hard for me to get fitted  in sneakers and casual shoe wear and this - I realized a few years ago- is a very good place for people like me.Why ?Because it has a ridiculous number of places selling sneakers and shoes and they carry a fair range of big sizes.I bought  4 pairs ! Since it switched over from being Franklin Mills , it's been quite spruced up.So it has its uses.Also your close to the Russian markets and restaurants in Northeast Philadelphia and Bryn Athyn.
Not a bad spot as long as the young brothers aren't wilding at the time
This mall in suburban Philadelphia is one of the large family of "Mills" malls all over the country. I came here with my New Jersey relatives when I told them I wanted to do some shopping and dining across the border in Philly. They told me it was an "outlet mall," which to me, meant they had brand-name stores that sold discounted items.

I have to agree with Juliana N. that this mall has a rather bizarre design and floor plan. Supposedly the mall is in the shape of a lightning bolt, commemorating Benjamin Franklin when he conducted his kite-and-key experiment. Well, the design seems to be a marketing gimmick that bit the architects and builders in their collective butt! It simply is not a very customer-friendly layout.

The two anchor stores are Burlington Coat Factory and Marshalls. Eating places include familiar names such as Subway, Sbarro, McDonald's and Auntie Anne's Pretzels.

The mall stores are primarily factory outlet stores, such as Banana Republic Factory Outlet Store, Brooks Brothers Factory Store, Levi's Outlet Store and Wilson's Leather Outlet. There is a 14-screen movie theater, the AMC Theatres Franklin Mills 14.

Overall, this place wasn't too bad, but it really didn't have the "wow" factor for me. My cousin informed me that in nearby Delaware, there are many factory outlet stores there--and they charge NO sales tax! I definitely want to check those out on my next East Coast trip.
A decent, long mall that has a few Sunglass huts, a music store, some basic popular brands like Gap and Saks, and a semi-decent food court. It's gone downhill in the years... there used to be a better variety of stores, but it's gone to more and more shoes and hip-hop-type apparel. Filled with quite a few kids from the local area, it is a suburban mall, after all.

A little too far to trek if you really aren't from the area; I suggest going to King of Prussia for a better selection (albeit it's less expensive here) if you're looking for gifts or some window shopping.
I've been going here since the place was called Franklin Mills. Little disappointed that the name got changed, however it is still a decent size outlet mall. I always find great deals in here, especially at Nike. my only complaint is lay out of this mall, it is very confusing. The restaurant selection in here is not great either. Luckily there are some decent eats that surround the mall.
An outlet is an outlet. They're always too overwhelming.  But what I like in Franklin Mills is the fact that the stores are all under one roof (advantage when weather gets nasty). Disadvantage: You have to WALK the whole way and back, carrying your shopping bags.

Besides some cheaper items, there's no sales tax for clothing and shoes.    But really? If you haven't shopped here, you're not missing much.  You're not missing anything at all.
I used to go to this mall all the time because I lived near by. It got worse though as time passed by. The only good thing left about it is the outlets and it's the only mall that sells lvl x clothing. The best thing about it is that you can buy MAC makeup for real cheap here, everything that was last season, will be in the cosmetic store at FM. that's the ONLY reason why I still love this mall is because of MAC makeup! :) I used to buy the Lindt chocolate a lot too, and it's still there and it's still good!!! And every other store is now like a city blue store and stuff. very cheap clothing. It got more dead, but hey I'm glad it's still around!
Watch for your safety up there. It's very scary day or night. Bring two or more people with you for protection. I just don't like the place.
Except for Modell's and the movie theater, this mall is a dump and long past it's glory.  Most of the food courts are "available," tons of empty stores are in this mall, and I just don't feel safe in the parking lot at night.  There are other malls in the area that are much better.
So I'll be generous here. With a bit of shame I'll admit I'm a regular. In the winter when it's impossible to get in a good walk outside, I come here, since at least it's quite a stretch to walk rom one end to the other.

Here's the good; Dave and Buster's, while sometimes hit or miss, is always a fun way to blow money if you're bored. The skate park is a good place to wrangle kids in and get them away from the general public. The movie theater there is empty on weekdays. The food courts are alright, though nothing Earth shattering. And not to mention all the outlet stores mean good deals (despite sifting through a ton of crap).

The negatives are obvious. It lies in a somewhat seedy border neighborhood of the Northeast, and due to it's location is kind of a wasteland of a shopping mecca. The crowds it draws aren't the greatest, being a discount mall that's far past it's prime. 

Lately they've been putting a bit more money into it, which helps a bit at least, but still just after the holidays this year I saw a bunch of stores shut their doors. I'm not sure what's in store for Franklin Mills, but they could be a great mall if they weren't so ignored.
theres something about this place that bugs me, its full of outlet stores, so you would think you would get top quality or big savings, you dont, most of these outlet stores sell items that are factory seconds, i seen a $200 sweater with one arm that was about 3 inches longer than the other, and get this, it was $175 ! wow thats big savings for something i would only wipe my dipstick clean of oil
Not a great spot but good deals at stores like Saks off fifth and Neumann Marcus but don't walk the area alone it's not a good area and has a low class clientele
I like this mall. When I first moved to Philadelphia nearly 4 years ago, it was the first mall I visited. It does have a nice selection of outlets here. This is one mall where I actually manage to find something I like in an outlet store and it fits. I'm not a fan of kiosks at any mall as I find them to be annoying. Overall, it's a great mall. For those that don't drive, there are a few SEPTA bus routes that can get you to the mall. My only gripe as with any mall is finding a parking spot on a weekend. If you are in the Philadelphia area, stop by Franklin Mills. The saying is "Shop 'till you drop".
I used to love this place when it was liberty bell racetrack but since being turning into a mega mall the years haven't been kind to it, it once was an outlet where you could get good deals on anything now in 2013 many stores have closed, the stores that are there you can find in any mall plus being so dang big you've go to walk miles ( no joke ) before you see something different. Did I mention the amount of car break in's there ? While it was great once ,now toll brothers should just knock down the mall and put townhomes on the site because it is pure crap now.
Lackluster shopping experience. Shoplifters running from security through the mall ! Skip it.
***Do not use this location**** I visited the Franklin Mills store with my wife and son to purchase him a pair of new sneakers. His current size is 12.5, he's only 5yrs old, so that shoe is pretty small. I was approached by a sales person four times asking if I need help, and I kindly said "NO" four times. Once I got to the "Men's" department and the same sales person followed me, she asked me two more times did I need help. But I had just arrived to the department. This store will watch you and walk all around your as if your going to steal something to the point of making you and your family very uncomfortable to shop. Watch people who steal via camera or use better security devices on your merchandise, I work hard for a living to provide for my family and have the opportunity to shop without harassment.  PLEASE AVOID THIS STORE....
Without a doubt one of the worst malls in the area. It mostly an outlet mall with a few decent stores. The problem for me is the parking, cleanliness and just the people in the mall. They have renovated the mall over the last few years, it did need it. The parking is absolutely horrible unless you park in the back of the mall. They also have portable security cameras posted throughout the lots. Not really the best of signs. There are a nice amount of vacant stores. The food court is one of the worst out there. The vendors in the middle aisles on the exterior of the stores borderline harass you. I will only come here if I absolutely need too. Don't even get me started on the Walmart attached to this mall. I'll gladly drive 25-30 to another mall..
The Franklin Mills mall reflects the Great Northeast in that it's sprawling, shabby, and centered around disposable consumer culture.  If you've got kids, take your stroller because this one-story mall must be over a mile long.  Still, being one of the only outlet malls in the area, you might want to give it a try.  For me personally, the Nike store makes the lameness worth the bother. Note that, both of the mall's two food courts suck; eat before you visit Franklin Mills.
I read two comepletely different reviews for this mall.
One person called it "claustrophobic" the other called it "huge".  Did they actually go to the same mall?
I go there for the AMC movie theater.  They have $5.00 matinee specials.  I then have lunch in the food court.  I then shop my way out to the exit and take the 20 bus home.

**A word about sales tax in PA.  There is no tax on CLOTHES and most essentials.  There is tax on most everything else.**
I've lived near this mall since it opened & have seen it in the best and worst of times. It's had huge improvements the past few years.  Great outlets and stores keep coming - love the Home Goods/ Marshall's, Nike, BCBG, Forever 21, Off Broadway, Fossil & PS (aero for kids) to name a few. 

Star taken off for the lack of good food (have barely anything in food courts).  There is a Ruby Tuesday in the mall, and some food options surrounding the mall. 

If you can, shop there on a weekday-  Weekends tend to draw bigger crowds.   Completely avoid weekends during holiday season. As for crimes, I really don't think there is more crime here than at any other mall in this area - just follow normal crime prevention tips!
This mall has a little bit of everything, and several outlet stores. There were also virtually no people around when I went shopping last Saturday afternoon. 

My favorite store would have to be the NY and Co. outlet. They've got lots of nice stuff for summer out right now.

Overall the place is pretty clean - even the bathrooms were sparkling.

Maybe it's easy to keep clean because no one was there...
I went to Franklin Mills about mid-day on Wednesday with my son. Not having been there in several years, I thought I was in for a treat. Boy was I mistaken. Even though the place seemed to be all but abandoned, the hallways gave you a claustrophobic feeling and if there were more than a handful of people, you wouldn' t be able to move. The stores are an eclectic assortment. A few well known outlets, with dozens of 'never heard ofs'. Most of the merchandise appeared to be out of date clothes left over from other bankrupt big box stores.

The 2 'food courts' consisted mostly of closed businesses and the remaining bunch of 'unique' eateries I'd stay out of. Sabarros was found in both locations, along with a McDonalds, but you're better off trying to find something on the drive outside the mall.

 The reason for our trip, the Sam Ash music store had an uninviting feel about it. The guard, in uniform sitting at its entrance gave you an unfriendly feeling, and we got the idea that you were unwelcome to try the instruments.  

If you're looking for a big shopping experience, drive to King of Prussia. You won't be disappointed.
OK.

So I came out to Philly with my girlfriend to visit her Grandma in the Northern part of the city and good old granny recommended that we go to Franklin Mills for some shopping. My girl was all about it. I just wanted to get out of the house. So we jumped in our rental ride and high-tailed up north to the big FM mall.

To say this mall is big is a freaking understatement. It's huge and it has everything you can possibly want. I bought some things, mostly what I needed. My girl went crazy and bought shit for every occasion. Don't ask how we fit everything into the luggage, but by golly, where there is a will there is a way.(isn't that a lyric from a Stone Rose's song?) 

We agreed that the next time we head back to Phily and venture into FM, we are going to buy an extra suitcase to fit my few items and her new wardrobe.
I've shopped at the Saks and Neiman's Last Call here...  not as good as other locations I've visited but you might find something you love if you're lucky.  Last Call's shoe section is pitiful though!

Just go to Woodbury, if you can, especially on their holiday sale days.
What happened to this place?????  This use to be THE mall in Philly, but its apparent this place just ain't what it use to be.  You can still find some decent items there, but I'd prefer going elsewhere if your intention is to do some serious shopping. My 15 yr old son loves the place, but he's from Dallas so any place outside of Texas looks good to him.  Whenever I'm in town my first choice will always be to go somewhere else.
Took some of the relatives from out of Country there Sunday, they liked it, but I usually only venture to the most 2-3 stores. They walked pro dominantly the whole length of mall, Wow..I like to get in & Out, especially when I worked there years ago. Couldn't really shop, since they weren't Saks Off 5th , or Nordstroms gals like me., So I'll save it for another time.
Although there are some good staples here, the majority of the stores are slowly disappearing and making way for the equivalent of bare feet shoes over and over again. I go for banana republic, ann Taylor and the nieman Marcus and saks outlet but there really isn't much else and I wouldn't be surprised if they disappear soon. The mall isn't being kept up and is pretty dirty. There are holes in the floors and chipped tile and to use the seldom cleaned bathrooms you need to walk down an out of the way corridor that feels abandoned and unsafe. If there were any outlets closer to philly I wouldn't bother.
i dont like franklin mills anymore.... theres a LOT of stupid trouble-makin teens there these days... if you wanna tho i'm pretty sure u can go walk around the mall just w/ other walkers until like 9 or 10 am... I really dont like their movie theater that much... even tho they hav lots of movies theaters and u can sneek from movie to movie if someone a lot taller than u sits right in front of u u wont be able to see the screen.
Worst mall ever it. Is taken over by animals. Now when you go it's like a zoo. Always commotion people beating on another person. Kids throwing stuff at your cars. Teenagers letting carts fly into ongoing traffic.  It's a zoo.
The mall has some different stores and traditional stores with larger selections; however the air conditioner does not work well making shopping unpleasant.
an ok outlet mall outside of Philly. We stopped by on the way home to kill some time, use a bathroom, and maybe see what stores they had there. I hadn't been there in ages, and the last time was to go to the Jillian's which is now the Dave and Busters. It's very easy to get to from 95. 

The mall itself is long and continuous, so for the short amount of time we had, we only ended up going to Neiman's Last Call, Banana Republic, Victoria's Secret, and H&M. The Forever21 looks cavernous, and maybe in another life I will return and check it out, but it a sense it looked a bit intimidating.The food court we passed was ok- it took forever to get a soda from one of the stands, because the woman was backed up on smoothie duty or something. 

The outlets are ok- or are they regular stores? I couldn't figure it out. H&m was ok- it's pretty big and we were able to find some stuff there. There was no directory anywhere, so we were just wandering around. The place seem a bit low-rent, but family friendly-stores, lots of kids store, etc. 

I probably won't return ever since it's out of the way and there are no premium outlet (have better ones by me). It wasn't a bad visit, but the traffic and driving around- into and leaving the mall- is an absolute nightmare. It wasn't even that busy and it took us 15 minutes to just get onto the road to get us back onto 95.
This mall is okay, it's close to us so we go to  hit the stores that aren't in Neshaminy or Oxford Valley. The mall is usually pretty clean. My only problem is the crowd that is there. But all in all a good mall.
For the record I hate shopping and or malls... This is perhaps the greatest mall in North America.  I could marathon people watch here.  When I was 11 my mom took me here to get a pair of Z Cav seconds.  Putting this mecca of bargains into words is tough... Picture what would happen if someone tried to make a DMX video into an off Broadway production.
It's ok. Best part is that it's never that busy (at least the times I went) but the worst part is that it looks outdated and often smells awkward. Not necessarily a place I would take a date but if your just hanging out with your friends --- it works.
I only do into Saks and Neiman's--which are very good especially when they have additional sales--and I ignore every other store. My 4 stars are for Saks & Neiman's.
This place is a hit and miss. It does have outlet stores, but a lot of crucial stores like American Eagle and Pacsun (at least for certain shoppers) are missing. 

I also don't like the layout. It is endless walking. I'm used to it in an outdoors shopping center, but here you're just walking and walking and its unnerving. 

There are some positives though. There really aren't that many people here, and the parking lots are HUGE so you won't have a problem finding parking. 

Also the Aeropostale at times has INSANE sales. I have seen t-shirts there for $1.99, jeans for $9.99, long sleeve shirts for $3.99 etc. 

The place does seem to be getting better though. They have recently opened a Nike Factory store among others.
Place is huge! I was so tired, I shouldve parked in the middle. This place is nuts. Sax was awesome, so was marshalls. The electronics at radioshack were suprising and the food at the food court sbarro, was delicious. Mall was empty however.. the parking lot had a ghost town feel.
This is a nice indoor outlet mall, but it's rarely my first choice when it comes to outlet shopping. The positives are that it is indoors unlike a lot of outlets, the Ralph Lauren store is more well stocked than most, and it has a movie theater. The downside is that it attracts a young crowd. This means things can get rowdy at times in both the mall and the theater. And the high end stores I used to frequent, like Saks, have abandoned the mall. Now u just get the standard stores you get at all the other outlet malls. The stores that set it apart are gone. It's still worth the trip when u are in the mood for shopping and a movie.
This is the place, that i'd like to shop for my friends & me, I also know that this place has a great coffee selections through out he mall
The only stores worth shopping in here are the Off 5th and Last Call Neiman Marcus. Most of the stores are not name brand, and the mall itself it just filthy. Thankfully, Saks and Neiman both have entrances that don't require entrance into the mall.
I should note that I only shop here on Black Friday when visiting relatives for Thanksgiving. That said, it's one of my favorite outlets. Everything is under one roof (which means no darting in and out of the cold), and they have good quality stores, including a couple high end retailers.

The mall is very long and narrow, however, which can mean a lot of walking if you really want to go from end to end. It can also get REALLY crowded, so be prepared.

The pet store that sold puppies and stuffed animals is gone, it seems, which is such a relief. I'm giving them a star for that.
King of Prussia has, what, the 2nd biggest mall in the country? Whoopeee! Who cares if, like me, you don't have cash to be throwin' around in all those retail stores.

Franklin Mills is pretty huge in its own right, but, what's even bigger for me, the Mall is filled with factory outlets like Polo, Neiman Marcus, yadda yadda.

One thing though: Because of the neighborhoods around the mall, you might be slightly more likely to be the victim of pickpockets at Franklin Mills than at King of Prussia. And they've had some issues with crime in the parking lot.
I only go to Franklin Mills for the giant Forever 21. Sometimes I'll stop by Sak's or Neiman Marcus just to check out the great deals they have on designer jeans. $300 dollar jeans for $80? Sold. The food court is pretty crappy & the rest of the stores are just so-so, but the huge Forever 21 is definitely worth the 20 minute car ride.
I shop here for my daughter and I all the time.. My advice for you is dont not go on a weekend or when school lets out all of its rejects and drama queens. The malls is very big but it gets crowded so fast and you really cant enjoy the experience. The good thing is the mall is color coded which is great for parking. Some stores have great finds and others is so so for me. I do think it is great for children, I always find good items for my daughter all the time especially at great prices.
This place is ugly, tacky, and just shasty mcnasty.

Go to Oxford Valley instead.
i give franklin mills  3 stars mostly go there  rockport outelt/ redbock they have great deals also there  movie Mon to Friday are 5.00 ya cant beat that   also i go to sams club there
As of right now, majority of the mall is under construction. It's a bit inconvenient for the customers, but it's not a huge problem for me. The mall is a decent size and has a good selection of stores to visit like American Eagle, Forever 21, Group USA and a lot more. Also, they just opened a Starbucks!
The mall has gone under construction with new floors, lights, and couches.  Finally, it feels nice to walk around without feeling gloomy.  The parking lot shows visible lines as well.  The shops here are such a bargain.  Too bad the mall does not connect.  You will have to walk back and forth.  The shoppers can get loud at times, more so on the weekends. Be sure to ask about student and teacher's discounts at certain stores!
There is a very specific reason you go to Phila err Franklin Mills. (Please you cant change that in people's minds decades later!).  This is not the mall you wander to people watch or have a splendid afternoon. You're here for deals. Need a cheap coat? Burlington. How about Nikes you didn't even realized you needed? Got that too. This mall used to be a destination, a place you can spend the day. They're down a food court, good stores have closed to make way for cheap apparel stores with banners as signs. There are also a lot of empty stores which some brands bring a "pop up" to. I'm talking to you Adidas and Mitchell and Ness. Some days are better than others when you can roam the mall at ease but there's so many people walking around with giant attitudes. In a nutshell.... 
Good for bargain shopping with lots of bargain options
Not good for a day of leisurely shopping. This place will frustrate you to no end
All malls are the same,this mall isn't too much different from any other outlet mall. This is the mall where I know what I need and go and leave other than that if you were a tourist I guess it's a pretty cool place to walk around and get your steps in.
what covid ?pandemic ,nah...
totally ignoring the guidelines today at this store .well over 75 people when we were there .
why ?
self checkout and now this .
Nothing extraordinary here. It is a classic Simon Mall with huge parking, a lot of stores - couple of famous and a lot of less known brands- It has a huge parking lot - make sure where you are entering the mall as the mall itself is quite big and has 5 different connecting parts, with department stores like Marshalls/home goods and Burlington Coat Factory, stores like Old Navy, Payless, Ann Taylor, Models to name a few. The food court is close to 5th entrance and have couple of choices, including Charley's philly cheese steak. Not a lot of choices but looks decent. I liked the fact that is a closed mall so in cold, chilly weather of Philly you can wonder and spent/kill time in a closed space. Overall, it was nice to stop by here during our visit at Philly just to check it, but I wont come back just for this as it is nothing special about this mall.
This place is a dump.... but apparently they allow you to walk your dog in there because ive seen 3 people this week alone walking thier dogs IN the mall... sets a bad precedent. This week small dogs on leashes .. next weeks pitbulls w/o leashes. When did this become acceptable?
Heads up that this place is not trying to keep anyone safe from COVID. I went on a rainy Thursday morning thinking it'd feel pretty safe. Unfortunately, I saw several people not wearing masks in the short time I was there. Most noticeable was the gap- I counted 7 people with either their mask down (one was a staff member) or wearing it below their nose. It's so disappointing that people aren't looking out for each other and even more disappointing that management doesn't seem to care. Do your grandparents a favor and go somewhere else. Preferably not in northeast Philly - theyre not holding it together.
