When I start to feel a li'l rundown and woozie, my throat tightens up and my body gets a li'l sluggish, I can always count on some pho to set me right. Tuesday night, Pho 75 did not disappoint. 

They close at 8. I found myself wearied and worn out at my desk at 7:15 so I scooted up the Boulevard in 15 minutes to find that honestly--the Vietnamese do fast food better than any Burger King, McDonald's, etc. you think you know.

You can tell this is a family style staple in the community, and even though no one apart from my waitperson really broke from speaking Vietnamese, patrons and staff greeted me with hello nods and smiles, which I thought was really nice. (I'm Southern. You can always win my continued bidness with a head nod and a smile.)

I trotted away with my eye-round steak pho with all the bean sproutin', basil havin', hot hoisoned sauce fixin's in tow and headed home to get my slizzurp on. 

And.
Let.
Me.
Tell.
You.

Satisfied barely begins to cut it. Piping hot even after the nearly 20-minute ride home, I fell back on my sofa like the fat-baby-bellied soul that I am and got me some slumber. That's right--this food so good it'll rock you to sleep! But not like tryptophan, roofied sleep. This is more like that good sleep when you wake up feeling fed, rested and fortified.

Oh, and you know you can't beat these prices right? Yeah, that's right. I'll raise you two chopsticks and wait here while you go find your big ass soup spoon. Let's slurp together.
Imagine my glee when I drove down Adams Avenue today on my way to an appointment and I passed Pho 75. I was hungry and in a hurry, which meant that I would be placing an order to-go but did I let that deter me? Hells no.

I ordered my favorite Pho 75 dish (yep, the brisket) and I barely had time to pull up my email on my phone when it appeared, packed up and ready to go, at the counter. We're talkin' less than 2 minutes, people. Now I don't know if they keep bags of #9 tucked just out of eyesight or if the people who work there are made of magic. Based on how yummy it tasted, I'm going to go with magic.

I didn't mind taking it home because the dining room of this location has the exact same lunchroom feel as its Center City counterpart. And while I  do love being served a bowl of piping hot noodle soup and not having to clear the dishes, assembling it in the comfort of my own kitchen almost made me feel like I was cooking (what - I had to combine the broth, noodles, beef, herbs, veggies and sauce into a bowl. That's more meal prep than I've done all year.).
I'll say this again ... if only NYC had pho that came anywhere close to what they serve at Pho 75 ... I'd be a happy man.

But since NYC pho (for the most part) tastes like shit, I'm stuck with either driving to Northern Virginia (where you will find the best pho joints in the east coast, BAR NONE) ... or I have to head to Philly where thankfully Pho 75 (a major pho bastion in NOVA) also opened a couple of outposts.

This one is the one that's closest to center city in Philadelphia.  It's located in a Vietnamese strip mall where parking is definitely a hot commodity (read: if you're driving here, good luck finding a spot unless you come super early).  Parking annoyance aside, Pho 75 in Philly is just like its NOVA brethren.  The pho here is simply one of the best.  The broth is solid, the meats are fresh and tender and overall it's just divine pho goodness.  

It's also similar in terms of the decor.  The place reminds me of a hospital cafeteria.  The waiters talk fast and work fast.  They don't blow smoke up your ass and it's all about plopping your ass down and slurping up their tasty noodles.  The menu is also noodle-centric.  Don't expect any other side dishes here.  But thankfully they still make great pho and I even like the broth here more than the stalwart branch at Rosslyn, VA.  It's not as greasy and they are also fairly generous with the meats (though people with big appetites might want to augment their bowl with an order of extra noodles).

If you like pho - you'll be happy here.
Ever since I was little, my mother has taken me here for some good old fashioned pho. We still go today, if we get a hankering for some real stuff, not like the yuppie places at chinatown. We're talking 100% beef here. Unlike the small bowls they dish out at Pho 75 in chinatown, the portions here are pretty fair (everything near center city costs more). And the meat, specifically brisket, isn't banged up by fat like they have at Pho Xe. (As if my arteries need anymore of that.)

The service is super fast- you'll love it. Their broth is savory, and lacks the synthetic taste I usually get when trying other joints. One note though- make sure your meat isn't raw when you eat it! Push it down to the bottom of the bowl so that it may cook. I usually order a number 12 ( a soup for beginners) and the brisket's usually pink in the middle. And make sure you don't overdue the hot sauce...or you may just leave with a bag of ice.

So, how would I sum up what I just wrote?
1. The service is fast.
2. The stuff tastes awesome.
3. It's easy on the wallet.
4. You'll be full.

Happy dining!
This place is hidden gem in a little plaza.  It only serves pho and that is what they do best.

The menu is easy to read and I love the #12 pho chin nac.  This is only leanest cuts of meat and no tripe.  The small is perfect for me and priced so well at $7.75.  Broth is really deep and all the veggies sprouts mint and peppers really makes it taste so fresh.  This is very authentic and service is soo fast here.  The drinks are also tasty.  Try the Vietnamese ice coffee.  It's so strong but sweet.

Overall great bowl of deeply flavorful soup.  Fast service and reasonable prices.  Only knock is this place is cash only.  Overall great experience and will definitely be back!
Pho 75 sells tasty pho - that's Vietnamese noodle soup - not sure how authentic it is, but everytime I eat here, there are lots of asians eating there too! Think their logo looks familiar? Turns out there are multiple Pho 75 locations in Philadelphia AND out of state. This is the first Pho 75 I've ever been to in my life, and service is always brutally efficient. They take your order in a flash - look down their menu and tell your waiter what you want - and your soup comes out (of their pho vats in the back, I'm sure) to your table just as quickly.

Pho 75 is a dependable, inexpensive standby when you're in the mood for noodles. Pho real. After you're done, go next door to Cafe Saigon and get some banh mi (Vietnamese hoagies) while you're at it!
This place is okay. The pho wasn't great, the broth is clear, so  that you can see if there's a bug floating around in it... joking!. It's cleaner then the other pho places in the North East. The bean sprouts are always yucky looking. I would go back if I was in the neighborhood..
Pho 75 on Adams Avenue does only one thing, but it does it very well. Beef Pho in all its variations still makes for a fairly limited menu, but on the other hand makes for easy choices.  Round Eye, Tendon, Tripe, etc., are all there in either a regular or large size.  Their bowls are smaller than in other shops, but still big enough to completely fill your belly with very good beef broth, rice noodles, onion and a load of selected cow parts, to which you can add fresh Thai Basil, Sprouts, Jalapeno slices, and Lemon(not lime) Squeeze.  

If Beef Pho is your yen, then you will be quite content here, because the steaming bowls flow quickly from the kitchen, and are very tasty and filling.  Just be sure you are not looking for a full course meal, because that won't happen.  No apps. No com (rice). No Binh Mi. No sweets. No Pho Ga.  They do offer coffee and a few other drinks. 

So, what's the problem? The restaurant has little atmosphere; tables and heavy stackable chairs without the semblance of comfort.  The service is efficient with no effort to interact with the customers beyond perfunctory order taking and fast delivery. The place is a bit worn out and could use some TLC.  Most significantly, it is CASH ONLY, with a little ATM sitting near to the cashier.  For a business with five outlets in the region, that is another indication of lack of concern for the patron. Certainly they have the roots in the community and relationships with financial institutions to be able to offer a credit card option.  

Bottom Line - While the pho is quite good, if restricted in options, the surrounding elements within make Pho 75 a less than desirable destination for my Vietnamese fix.  There are too many nicer, friendlier, more comforting joints, to make this place "go to."
I didn't mean to do it, but I managed to save the best for last. I've been eating my way down Adams Ave. at all the Pho joints starting at Rising Sun and making my way to the BLVD. Pho 75 is by far my favorite place. 

The broth is superior to the rest. The portions are better cuts and more plentiful than the rest. The vegetable sides are fresher than the rest. Hell, the water even tasted better than the rest! One more thing, the place is cleaner than the rest too. 

Yeah, it's no frills service, bare bones atmosphere, and a dollar or two more than the other places, but who cares? It's the best! I don't need art on the walls when my bowl is filled with beautiful ingredients. I don't need an engaging waiter when my Pho is comforting. 

You want the good Pho, come here!
Yes, Pho 75 is a chain... so what, it still has solid Pho offerings!  

At $6.75 for a large, you certainly will be happy with the portions.  And don't worry, a large isn't just more broth and a few extra noodles.  The meat, noodles, and broth are solid, but this location loses a star because the bean sprouts look a little sad.  Also, be warned - this place gets packed during lunch and service can be slow - especially considering Pho is the only item on the menu!

FYI... Cash Only!
Hearing the calls for Pho, I decided to invite the office over to Pho75 on Friday. Like most have said before, if you want to eat more than soup then go somewhere else. The first time I went there I thought I would be starving afterwards but it is quite filling. 
Waiters take your order and bring you your food, anything else is not really in the job description so don't be a chatty patty(have no idea where I got that from). 
The first time I went here I thought that I would be starving but trust me the soup is very filling. Don't bring plastic cuz it is strickly CASH.
Pho 75 pretty much serves variations on one thing: pho (Vietnamese soup noodle).  So if you're not in the mood for pho, you probably shouldn't come here.  That's just what they do.

The Pho is pretty good: Beef broth is tasty (though not the best I've had in Philly).  Tendon is very soft.  Also, you can get the steak rare at the table if you ask for it, so you can cook it yourself in the broth.  Pho is served w/ bean sprouts, lime & sprigs of Thai basil.

There are other places in Philly I prefer -- e.g. at Pho Ha, the beef seems better & the broth is more flavourful -- but Pho 75's pho is quite good & the beef tendon is great.

3.5
Excellent and true to its billing pho restaurant. Went here for breakfast ( pho IS breakfast food!) today and it was delicious. 

I feel compelled to comment on the 1 star review given in response to the lack of vegetarian food. Pho is NOT a vegetarian dish! If you get vegetarian pho...it's NOT pho!  The menu has absolutely NO vegetarian options. So...to order vegetarian pho at a traditional pho restaurant that offers no vegetarian option and then to criticize them and rate them low on Yelp is a JACKASS kinda' thing to do! Seriously!

If you're looking for traditional pho served in traditional ways ( here in Philly, anyway) this place won't disappoint.
I don't recommend many pho restaurants because most places just can't compare to homemade pho. I was very surprised with this restaurant. My husband usually eats here if he is working in the area and he said it was pretty good. I decided to go try with him and was amazed! The broth is superb, perfect complexity and seasonings. They give a ton of meat with each order and prices are fair. We ordered takeout (thanks COVID pandemic) a couple weeks ago because I just didn't feel like cooking and they did a great job of packing everything. If you order take out, be sure to ask for the noodles to be uncooked (just do a quick blanch when you are ready to eat) and everything separate. It will taste much better that way at home. Enjoy!
I am by no means a pho expert, but I know enough to determine that Pho 75 is definitely not the best around.  For starters, they don't offer any type of apps.  Nary a spring roll.  I found that to be very strange.
The pho was fine, but I have had better.  The servings weren't as large as other places I have been.  I also think their menu needs to be fine tuned...I ended up having to go off the menu and do a little create your own pho situation since I didn't like any of their offerings, much to the chagrin of our server.
Don't even get me started on the looks of this place either.  It is set up in a weird cafeteria fashion, so we ended up sitting pretty close to perfect strangers.  Never fun.
I'm officially over and disappointed in Pho 75. Service here is terrible, and it doesn't make a difference if you talk to the manager. The manager doesn't care, Pho 75 thinks they are the big shots with pho in the area. In fact, I got attitude when I was providing feedback to the manager. It doesn't matter if you're a regular every week. For example, you have to ask 3 times to get tea...we didn't get tea until we talked to the manager and we were about halfway though our meal. And they only gave 2 tea cups even though there were 3 of us. When you order your pho, they don't give you the correct pho, you have to look at the Bowl and guess which one is yours. I am going to find a new Pho place that actually appreciates business from regular customers. Message me if you have favorite pho places in the Philadelphia and Northeast Philadelphia area.
In full disclosure, I have nothing to compare this Pho against; this was my first time. But, for a first time, it was good. 

Positives:
Food came out FAST. In fact, our entire lunch process was lickety split. The ordering took seconds, (we all got a large #12) and since I'm not sure they spoke much english there, it was probably for the best. They brought water (didn't ask what we wanted to drink....I assume there weren't other options?) and our food came immediately after. The food itself was delicious and the serving size was more than adequate. 

Negatives:
That area is ground zero for Pho. There are literally a half a dozen Pho spots within walking distance. In fact, we went to THREE, trying to find this particular one. Pho 75 seems more like a local spot as it was a bit more no frills than some of the others. Also, there may be a language barrier if you don't speak Vietnamese. I'm not sure how much English THEY speak, as I didn't hear a single english word my entire time there. 

I can't speak to price, as I was being treated to lunch, but I think it came out to less than $10 per person for lunch. Not a BAD price.

I would definitely go back, but I think I might try one of the other 47 places to have something to compare it to.
I've been eating here since I was in pre-school. I remember going with my mom when she would pick me up and sharing a bowl for lunch.
 I'm now 22, have been to multiple pho places all over the east coast and I have yet to find a place that serves pho more delicious than this. Its fast, cheap, comforting, and convenient. I eat here now at least 4x a month. This place has never let me down and hey, it's cool seeing the owner of this location and myself grow up over the past decade and a half!
If you want to eat pho and pho only, this is the place for you. They only serve pho here - which was a great idea on their part because they've mastered it (in my opinion). 

The pho comes out so fast (around-five-minutes-fast). It's truly impressive and a real blessing when you're really hungry. The noodles are cooked to perfection and the broth is dimensional. By the end of the meal my bowl is completely empty because I scrape up every morsel possible. 

The ambience of the restaurant isn't the greatest - kind of old and not the cleanest. It's cash only as well. 

Highly recommend this place to all the pho-lovers out there.
I am ashamed to not have reviewed the one Pho place that I visit with great regularity and have been a loyal customer since 1997 !

Consistently good Pho.   Is it the greatest Pho out there ... no.  Is it the most reliable bowl of steamy soup-for-the-soul ... a resounding YES.

My 5 stars comes with great love and a history with this place.

I came here with my first significant other and we were weekly regulars for years.

I continued to come even after we broke up.

I come when I don't feel good and when I leave,  I feel better.
I come when I have been deeply sad and my mood is altered after I have been nourished.

This is more than just soup at this place ... this is medicine for anything that ails.   There is great nostalgia here for me and Pho 75 has never let me down.

Best Pho Ga I will say that.  Many places don't do the broth or the meat well like this place does.

And ... you can get vinegared onions (if you are a fan of this sort of taste like me) and it's not on the menu,  so you just ask for it.   That tidbit was from watching Vietnamese folks ordering it,  then lathering them in Sriracha -- it's an incredible addition to the Pho !
WOW. There's this one place in Atlanta where I always tell people that it has the best pho... but i can't say that anymore after today. Came here for lunch on my own and the pho here was pho-reaking delicious.

Like many of the reviews already, the broth is what did it for me. Price (Large 6.95, Regular 5.95) / Quantity ratio was just right, Meat / Noodles ratio was perfect, and basil, bean sprouts, jalapenos, and lime were sufficient. However, the broth was full of flavor. I almost didn't want to put any hoison and siracha in my broth which I always do. The first flavor I tasted was the beef in the broth - well done. Then as I started to mix around the broth and drank some more, the other flavors started to kick in - cloves, ginger, fish sauce, onion, cinnamon, etc... can't even name it all.

One down (it's not really even a down) side is that they don't serve banh mi here. I just love doing a small pho with a sandwich. great combo. But couldn't do that here. Oh wells. I read the restaurant next door has some good banh mi so that will probably be my next review.

Few Tips: Cash only, pay at cash register, located in a plaza, and the map location on yelp is wrong. It's located where Thien Tan is and not where it says it is on yelp. Google map it for more accurate directions.
Definitely the better pho place in the area.  I have been visiting this place for steamy bowls of tasty pho for more than 15 years, frequently then and occasionally now since I am out of the area.

They only serve pho and beverages here, yup pho real.  If you want a rice dish or something else, you will have to go elsewhere.  Service is efficient, not necessarily friendly but definitely not rude, the kind of service you would expect at a noodle house.
I cannot believe I never reviewed this place until now. This is my pho place in the NE for years. They are consistently good and when it is crazy cold outside all you really want is to drown your chills in a bowl of broth and noodles the size of your head. There are places closer to my home that are pho soup centered but I skip them and go here instead. Note that they are cash only.
I love pho. This is my favorite pho spot in Philly because the broth is just delish!

They also have locations in South Philly and Chinatown. I've been to all three as well as the one in Virgina and they are all consistently good!

I usually get steak and tripe and the tripe is really good and chewy there so that's all I can really vouch for. The service is always really quick.

It's also cash only and they don't have any appetizers or rice dishes- just pho and dessert drinks. It's great for a quick, satisfying bite!
Pho 75 is one of the first Pho places thats really famous, thats because a Johnny came lately in Pho Hoa is yet to be discovered. The soup here is great but clearly its just a Pho place that lacks the personality of the folks over at Pho Hoa . I hope they take pointers that it takes more than just good soup to get good ratings by word of mouth. The menu is so limited here , when you step inside its like youre in some dingy eatery in Southeast Asia I guess they keep it that way to have a more authentic feel to it.  It is dirt cheap also I see a lot of people getting into this Pho thing which is quite a very refreshing meal in itself.  No credit cards here too... Barnacles!!!
Walk across the 11th street and go to Pho Hoa instead look for "Thien "he is the man at Pho Hoa the guy with the glasses and gelled hair.
I came here with friends on a Friday afternoon. The place was spacious and the area was empty. The server led to us to our seats, took our orders and served us our food. The pho was the good amount for the price. The ratio of noodles, meat and broth was pretty good. The broth itself was a bit saltier than normal, but I actually liked the broth like that since I do like saltier foods. This place only takes cash, just to let people know in advance.

I really recommend this place. The pho was delicious!
This is one of those throw back locations that I use to visit in the 90's (yes 90's not a typo). So while I was in the area on a Saturday afternoon I decided to check it out for old times sake.  Nothing has changed, not the decor, tables arrangement or the prices but more importantly the Pho hadn't changed either. Nothing fancy just good broth and plenty of meats, noodles and vegetables to fill the big bowl they drop down in front of you. Don't expect glitch, glamour or much conversation from your server but whoa the Pho is on the money.
Done just right, perfect Pho spot in North Philly. They have a few other noodle soups, but only noodle soup. The service is quick, precise and they lay down the best Pho I've had in Philly. The broth is perfect, adn they don't skimp on the meats in the pho.
If all you're in the mood for is pho, then here's your spot. As the name implies, the soup is all the restaurant mainly serves, and little else. The broth is flavorful, the service is quick, and the meals are cheap. What more can you ask for? 

Well, a more expanded menu would be nice. But this place is a one trick pony for good reason. They make good pho and they serve quickly. The small parking lot can sometimes be a bit of a problem, but typically ok
Haven't been here for awhile.  The pho is decent and tastes clean (not too oily), but it was a bit bland.  They also mixed up our order - I got a pho with steak (in the side) and tripe and meatball.  Wife got just the tendon pho.  My meatballs was in her pho. 

Not sure how much the meatball cost as extra, but they only gave me 3 pieces. And it wasn't 3 meatballs - looks more like one meatball sliced in thirds.

I got my steak on the side so I could cook the steak to my liking with the broth.  And while the broth came out hot, it wasn't piping hot.  So it was not hot enough to thoroughly cook my steak. 

The vegetables were fresh, and the food came out super quick (faster than McDonalds to be honest).  I got my fix and I am full.  I would return, but only if other options weren't available.
I believe they used a lot MSG. I had drinked tons of water after I had one bowl of pho for lunch.
Having eaten pho all over Vietnam as well as the US and Canada I will go on record as saying this is one if not the best out there. The broth is exceptional and the atmosphere and presentation is the closest I've seen to the pho restaurants in Vietnam especially in HCM. Highly recommended!
The soup is certainly good; I've only had pho a few times so I can't compare it to other pho, but if beef flavored noodle soup sounds good to you, you're going to like the food at Pho 75. And, as other reviewers have pointed out, it is lightning fast. On my visit, about 90 seconds elapsed between walking through the door and my first spoonful (this was partially due the extremely impatient waiter that served us).

The menu consists primarily of minor variations of one thing, beef pho. You can get it with tendon, or tripe, or tendon AND tripe!  Although these didn't appeal to when looking at the menu, I think I might actually like them prepared this way, because I suppose the very thin slicing would mitigate the chewiness.  The broth is very tasty; I think that's probably a big part of the difference between good and bad pho.

Beyond that, I can't see what there is to get excited about.  It's just noodle soup. The service is shitty, the place is ugly (although that, along with the arguing Vietnamese guys in the back gives it a cool authentic feel), and it's NOT really that cheap.  Two bowls, no drinks cost us $15.
I live in the upper northeast and have tried basically the only two places up there and rated like 3/5 stars for taste and price. THIS place is worth to travel if you want pho in the northeast without the sacrifice of going all the way to south philly for the legitimate stuff. I went here on a quiet afternoon on Sunday and even though deserted ( oh we all know the problem with a deserted restaurant right? Non fresh ingredients, leftovers from the day before). Absolutely loved the broth and loved the noodles in the pho!!! I ordered a large and finished all the broth and noodles. I forgot how real pho tasted! My friend and I spent about 2.5 hours there talking comfortably and never felt rushed to leave even though we saw a few customers come and go. Loved it. Not the cleanest place but not the dirty enough to even notice in comparison to south philly pho places!! Paid for the meal and left satisfied--Cash only!
Great spot when you get that Pho craving. Very straightforward no frills but you don't need them. Nice hot bowl of Pho with all the fixins. No need to find another spot, this does it for me!
They sell pho (rice noodle soup), and pho only!  I think that is great!  When it comes to Vietnamese food, that is exactly what I want - a place that specializes in pho.  This is probably the best one in NE Philly area.  I've had several pho in California, it was amazing.  This is the closest match to my expectation.  4 stars because it's not the best one I ever had.

With their bowl of soup, I usually pair it up with their iced coffee w/ evaporated milk.  It's like a cold-sweetened espresso.
I stopped here with a good friend, who suggested Pho75 . 
I had the Chef Special #6  first I was impressed with the size of my bowl of Pho. The broth was well seasoned, and it was loaded with meat!

All at a very inexpensive price... I'll be back
Good food, fast service and great prices!
Pho 75 was my first experience with Pho. I was introduced to it years ago by a dear friend. I've gone to a few other places (like the one on Bustleton and County Line owned by the Russian mob that sucks... no names mentioned!). I rarely get down to this part of the Lower NE. It's literally a stone's throw from where I grew up. 

I happened to be in the 'hood last week and was jonesin' for pho. My first experience here was rather weird. I was the only non-Asian. I felt like all eyes were on me. Wha? Can you tell I still haven't mastered chopsticks yet?! lol

I didn't see that they were closing at 8p and it was quarter of already. I walked in, was immediately seated and within 3 minutes a steaming bowl of heaven -- steak and tripe (I didn't order the tripe, just steak, but that's alright. It melted in my mouth. Delish!) was in front of me with all of the fixin's. I was in my glory. 

The staff waited graciously until I slurped the last drop from my bowl. It seemed that had kicked out the other stragglers before me. I forgot it was cash only so I had to run across Adams Ave to tap MAC. They didn't seem to mind. I came back, paid up and got a warm thank you as I left. 

There may be better pho places (that I haven't discovered yet), but it is absolutely worth visiting... and avoiding the unnamed place on Bustleton Avenue that's owned by the Ruskies. lol
If you're looking for great pho, here's the place to go. Since this place only specializes in pho, you can always count on it being consistently delicious. Their large bowl isn't the biggest I've seen but the flavor of broth is always good. If you're coming here, be sure to bring cash.
This place is my alpha and omega of Pho currently.  It was my first and my most recent bowl of the wonderful marrow-y goodness. Thank god it was one of the best bowls then and damn have they still got it.  In the 10 years since having a bowl here I have easily been to over 50 other Vietnamese restaurants between Maine and as far away as Australia and have had Pho in almost all of them.   I consider myself to be an aficionado of the dish and have spent years perfecting my own personal recipe.  My background aside, this place does one thing and they do it well. 

 Some of the reviews in here 

really 

 annoy me.  

You gave them two stars because they didn't have spring rolls and your side sprouts were a little old and not as crisp as you'd like.  Boo HOOO. (this is one of those first world problems issues for which I poop on)
The utilitarian nature of this place doesn't promise anything else.  Their name is Pho 75.  Not  appetizers and ambiance 75.   They do Pho and they do it well. If you want a spring roll bring it with you next time  they probably wouldn't care if you did!  The service this Sunday was quick and efficient.  The sprouts were full and crisp, and the basil was too. My side of tendon meatball were delectable. The salty lemonade was as good as i've had anywhere else.  I went with my friend Clifford who lives in town and was also with me the time I got my first bowl.  It was such a fun trip down memory lane and I really enjoyed coming full circle.  I think it speaks to the nature of the dedication of the owners and cooks here.  They are obviously doing pretty well in a cut throat business to last so long surrounded by competition in that area of south Philly. 

Bravo Pho 75 !

Bravo!

  You have a customer for life anytime i'm in Philly and I've got a hankering for that beefy stuff.

I only give them a 4 because I am hoping somewhere out there on gods green wide earth that I can get a better bowl.   I'm still waiting.  This was very near the top of the pile in my book.   

thank you Pho 75! NEVER CHANGE.  You can get some good spring rolls though.  I won't complain like these other undecipherable know nothing pho-tards.
My first experience with any kind of pho.  I was here with a group, the food was excellent, service was quick, but it helped to have some of the group know how to order.  Plenty of parking in a shopping center that wasn't quite where mapquest wanted to take us.
There is no best medicine for a common cold (or a hangover) than a nice big plate of hot pho with a bunch of ciracha (spell?) hot sauce on top... And there is no better place to fill out ur "prescription" than Pho 75.... An accidental discovery a few years back led to a long-lasting relationship with only an occasional affair here or there. The place is simple but also unpretentious, the soups are beyond delicious and the staff is lovely. 

I cannot give it 5*'s because it's not perfect but I am definitely a huge fan. It would help if the staff was better versed in English
I came here recently with some friends who rave about this place. Its a no frills, cafeteria-like type of place. It was my first time having pho & I loved it! The food came out quickly & was delicious. I had chicken (white meat) pho, and it was perfect. I suggest getting the regular size, the portions are very big! My boyfriend got their drip coffee with condensed milk  & can not stop talking about how good it was. I will be back!
After moving to Phily, I've been looking for 'my' pho place. I had such high hopes from various recommendations and reviews. 
The soup was too sweet for my taste and the noodles were a bit overcooked, surprisingly. Their portions are quite ample though! I liked the service style -very fast and nothing overbearing..after you order they let go of you so you can enjoy your meal. 
We usually get some type of rolls as appetizers but this place just has about 10 types of pho and drinks and that's it. 
If the pho were good enough I probably would have traveled 30 min each time to get my fix but not worth it.
Sooo if you haven't figured it out, I LOVE PHO!! my favorite place for Pho was Crabby Cafe. They had theee best Pho in my opinion but closed.  So sad:-( Well every since, I've been on a quest to find the best Pho. To date I'm still looking. I dined here for lunch Wednesday. 

Parking: They have a lot. It's located in a strip mall.

Atmosphere: casual and open dining like a chow hall. The bathroom needed a little TLC but wasn't the worst.  

Service: very quick! My food came about 10 min after I ordered. The sever was an old gentleman who didn't seem to speak much English but I was able to get what I needed. 

Food: their Pho menu isn't large at all. They have different variations of beef and that's it. Very simple. The meat was very tinder. The broth wasn't bad. I ordered the small and boy was the bowl small!  I had to ask for a larger bowl so I could mix my Pho. They had the spoons & chopsticks uncovered out on the table. Not good. Can you say unsanitary. I wish they offered vegetable or seafood Pho. They have a few desserts and hot beverages as well as cold beverages. 

Overall, this place wasn't bad. Beef eaters will love it. 

P.S, CASH ONLY

Enjoy
Delicious. I always wanted to try this place and drove an hour round trip to do it. Well worth the drive. It puts other pho I've had from several places to shame. I highly recommend it.
Super fast service. They give more meat than any other pho spot in Philly. The broth tastes pretty good to me. When you place an order, your order will be ready for pick up in 5 minutes. I think a large bowl of pho is $10.
Since we were here last (years ago, when they had a separate smoking section ...in the same room) the layout was all the same -plain and simple.
But after they brought our food (I actually did a joke countdown for a few seconds a couple of minutes after we ordered, and was shocked to see the guy came out of the kitchen in synced), none of that mattered.  The broth tasted great and flavorful.  Meats and others were plentiful. I ordered the number 3: slices of eye-round steak, well-done brisket, fat brisket, soft tendon and beef tripe.  I just realized that i didn't get beef tripe  (i never really liked them cause they're usually hard and no flavor even at other places). I usually get soft tendon. 

We usually go to the one in N.E.Philly since it's closer and my wife usually order pork chop with rice.  It was nice to know that they didn't sacrifice taste. 

Tip: they still even have 2 sizes,  regular and large. Aging stopped me from devouring large size these days.  Also, they only accept cash.
I've not had the Pho but their vietnamese sandwiches are AMAZING. They are dirt cheap and just incredibly delicious! If I worked near this place I would have it for lunch every day I'm sure.
First time visit today. I see that they only sell pho and drinks. I usually go to pho ha saigon and have been to most in the vicinity. The pho broth here is different in my opinion. It has a much deeper taste and I love it. At first bite it tasted a bit salty to me but it wore down. The meat was very good. Brisket and flank only for this guy. Defintely will be back.
Without making this long and winded, Pho75 makes the best pho I've had, from Cali to Philly. It's the only place I go if I'm just looking for pho, since there's nothing else on the menu. Usually that would aggravate me, but not here. It's that good. Actually, you can also order a side of sliced onions soaked in vinegar- they're awesome. If you're looking for great pho, this is the place. They have locations all over the place.

I made the mistake of going into Pho Hoa, which is down the street. Check out that review too.
Huge portion in a "regular bowl", plenty of meat and super reasonably priced! Awesome Pho spot!
Best Banh Mi sandwich in the city! I hate even writing this because I don't want anyone else to go there. I want it all for myself.
I've been here twice and both times it's been the best beef pho I've ever eaten. I can't say enough good things. The only drawback is trying to park during a busy time, that parking lot is CRAZY. It's well worth the trip to get a delicious and exceptional bowl of pho. Don't think too hard, just go!
During final exams, I must have come to this place everyday for a couple of weeks straight.  Worth the trek from the Art Museum neighborhood.  Delicious pho that nourished the brain and the soul.  One of my fond memories of Philadelphia.
CASH ONLY PLEASE!
Just wanted to throw that out there so you know first hand. (I always forget to carry cash)

Pretty solid pho place. Pho 75 has multiple locations in Philadelphia and I have also tried the one in the city on Washington ave.

The place- pretty clean, lots of tables, and the service is fast. Plenty of parking in the lot.

The food- I had the chicken pho multiple times here and I always thought it was good. Broth is tasty, noodles are cooked just right and there is plenty of green onions/cilantro toppings. This place serves white meat pho. (It's good but if you like dark meat chicken pho, you should try the Washington ave pho 75 instead). 

Only down side is that this place closes early! Like 8 pm. Very sad when you are looking for a late dinner. But otherwise definitely one of my to go place for pho.
Best pho in the area. I wish they were closer, I would go 3 times a week. The broth is amazing and so many noodles I can't eat them all. Great prices and fast service. CASH ONLY, but worth the headache. :)
this was my first pho experience back in 1997! great food. i would go there anytime!! cheap, fast, great food. better than other pho places. 

they also have 2 other places (as you probably know).
This is the best Pho I've ever had. Broth is always amazing, and the taste and quality is consistent every time I go. Service is quick. Very good quality of meat in Pho, and the temperature is always perfect. Only accepts cash is the only downfall.
I have been going to this branch of Pho 75 for the last 13 years, and I have never been disappointed (except for a couple of times when we went and they were closed).  For under $7, you get a heaping bowl of glutinous yet tender rice noodles, generous serving of thinly sliced flank and round steak (my choice of meat - I think that's #11 on their menu), chopped cilantro and scallions, all swimming in piping hot and incredibly flavourful broth.  Just squeeze some lime juice and drop a ring or two of jalapeños, and you're all set to dive into the best bowl of pho you could ever have.

Aside from traditional Vietnamese desserts and beverages, noodle soup is the only thing on their menu.  Don't expect good service or cozy ambience; this place is only intended to satisfy your craving for no frills, inexpensive, comfort food pho.
I experienced this location just a week ago. 
It was low cost. Had the appearance of a cafeteria. 
But, the food was outstanding so who cares about ambience? 
The soup came out quickly from the time we ordered it. 
No pretentiousness or bothering for more items. 

I simply went with a co-workers recommendation for Pho with chicken. 

It was delicious and came with fresh herbs to put in the soup. I gladly did and I am still not certain what it was. Flavorful with everybite. 
I would gladly go here again and recommend it to anyone wanting Pho.
I have been coming to this place with my family for over 18 years. We lived near by when I was a kid and ended up going there out of convenience. We moved to the other side of Philly but we always end up coming by here at least twice a month. For most of my life, we went here every Sunday as a family outing. The broth soup is delicious and I can't get the same taste elsewhere. The manager is a good friend of ours and always knows what I want to order (#16 Large. The meatball). The "three-colors" aka "rainbow ice" is good. The "longan" drink is the best of all the other places I've been. They always give me extra bowls for my family to share. Very clean. Ambiance is clear and has traditional Viet music. If you're not into it, it's fine because it's not annoying. 
I have tried everything on the menu and I enjoy it all. 
If you don't have time to dine in, as for everything to-go and in "dry" containers. You can simply boil the broth and add the noodles + meat. Let it slightly boil for about 5-8 minutes depending on how much you put in. Voila! I always get it to go and bring it back to college in Allentown.

Con: Cash only. I'm a plastic girl and I tend to forget.
I've been going to Pho75 for 15 years and the food has always been outstanding. It's always served hot and fresh.
The only reason i'm still giving it 2 stars, is because the Pho is so good!
The 2 stars belong to the food.
The loss of the 2 stars from my previous review is because the service, being that IT IS a restaurant is non-existent, they just sit around, and talk. No effort to make the dining experience more pleasurable.
Today was a big no no, i think it was the owner or manager, all of a sudden during our meal, started yelling like crazy in their native language at the staff. 
I like to enjoy my meals, service or not, but the fact that for 15 to 20 minutes, I had to hear extremely loud and intrusive yelling was unbelievable.
Of course noone offered an apology for the rudeness and the interruption of our peaceful meal, because they don't give a diddly crap about customer service here, which really causes me to think, is the Pho really that good to come back here, there are like 50 other Pho restaurants all within a 30 minute drive, maybe I'll just have to try the other locations.
Family of four on a lazy Sunday late lunch. Small sized No. 5...done. Delicious. Had the rainbow ice Che also.
Thanks fellow yelpers for steering me right again. Passed by this place so many times, but never went in. Used to be a Pho Hoa down the road that I thought was great. They are since gone, so I tried Pho 75.

So glad I did; as pho was probably the best I had in Philly & much better than Pho Hoa. Excellent broth; as well as better quality(and quantity of meats) than most places. Got the eye round & well-done brisket. A small (regular) serving was more than enough and was $7 and change. Tasty, filling and fast. I walked in around 11:00 a.m.; placed my order and it was ready to go in less than 5 minutes. Can't wait to return.
It really is quite good. Flavorful broth, tender but firm noodles.

Worth the trip into the Northeast.
One of the best places to get pho in Northeast Philly. The pho is always hot and broth is seasoned just right. The only downside is that the menu serves strictly pho so you'd have to go somewhere else if you want to get a banh mi, spring rolls, or rice platter. To make up for that, they put more meat and noodles in their pho. The large size is a better deal since small gives less meat than half the amount of large. Also the restaurant takes cash only.
Best damn pho ever. I've been coming here for years and never regretted. The soup...the SOUP!!!! it's ecstasy in your mouth. The other pho restaurants use too damn much msg, but this place is perfect. I'll never stop coming here.
This Pho is the best and most consistently good Pho in the Philly area. Broth is tasty and neither beef or chicken is over or undercooked. Service is quick and you can't beat the price.
This is the second time I have been to Pho75, the first time it was great and I have been craving it ever since.  Not anymore...  Last night I got the most vile tasting chicken I have ever eaten.  It was gray and against my better judgment I ate some of it.  My husband looked over at me and said "You look completely disgusted."  I was.  It was dry, yet slimy, off colored and tasted awful.  I fed it to my dogs.  I am going to chalk up the experience to the signs they had posted that they will be closing today for their Lunar New Year and they were probably not making fresh batches of soup, but still, I don't know that I will be thinking about a steaming bowl of pho anytime soon.
I have been eating Pho since 2014 and this is so far the best spot. I have tried pho in 5 different states and nothing compares to Pho 75. All they have on the menu is Pho, maybe thats what makes them best. Every Vietnamese place I go, I order Pho and summer rolls with shrimp but this place unfortunately dont have them, so I sacrifice them and still go there, thats how good they are. The place is more like a cafeteria style but the food is like high end restaurant. Keep up the great work!
BEST PHO I'VE EVER HAD EVER. And believe me, I've had pho in Korea, China, LA, New Orleans, NYC, NJ, Ohio, Boston, and even in Vietnam. I used to goto pho hoa down the street but i tried this place and I've never turned back. Amazing amazing broth. The bowls are a little smaller than pho hoa, but the taste makes up for it. The meat is fresh and tender. Their menu is limited and only has pho (no rice dishes no rolls), but that's perfectly fine with me.
Not the best I have ever had, but not the worse either.
They specialize on pho and pho only, no other appetizers, you can add the meat however you want into the soup, including tendons, tripes, and other items. The bowl comes in small, medium, or large. People don't really speak good English here but they are very friendly, and the prices are reasonable too. It is CASH ONLY. The soup base is authentic enough, but it can be hit or miss depends on the day :) come at your own risk :)
This place has Pho Only. Nothing else not even spring roll. However Pho is good but not as good as Pho Saigon Cafe. Meats are not good as Saigon Cafe.
The best Pho in the Philadelphia area. It's worth the drive to get out here. The noodles come in generous portions and inexpensive, the soup broth is delicious, and the ingredients are fresh. Pho 75 is the standard to compare against all Pho in the area. They only serve Pho and beverages, so no other food options.
This deserves no stars. The place is shady I could tell upon visiting this place was disgusting.  I was about 2 minutes into eating my soup when I found a roach in it! A freaking roach. I told one of the people working there and their response to it was 'oh' worse experience of my life I have never been so disgusted. I can't get the image out of my head. Don't eat here please.
This place has the best pho in the city of Philadelphia. I've tried many other places but nothing can top this place. Their broth is absolutely  delightful. Unlike many other places, this establishment focuses just on Pho and nothing else. While many people may be put off by the simple looks of this place, it's often time those "hole in the wall" restaurants that serve the best food. I recommend getting a large #12.
I've been coming here every morning for 2 years faithfully. this is my favorite pho spot in Philly. correction *was* I'm so disappointed in what I saw this morning. so while I was eating as I'm looking inside their kitchen, I see a guy blowing his nose in the sink and wipes it with his hands. walked out the kitchen to serve customers their food. then he walks back in the kitchen picking his nose. I ordered two deluxe pho, 2 side of raw me and the scallion with the bone oil, didn't touch it. paid and left. I'm so sorry for this place. now off to find a new spot.
Best Pho in this area. Hands down. I tried every other places pho dishes and nothing compare to Pho 75. The dish is very flavorful, plenty of herbs and thinly sliced onions. Only down side is the interior. Renovation is needed but the place and sitting areas is always clean. This place only serves Pho so they just focus on that.
This restaurant was the place to go for many Vietnamese families back twenty years ago. 

I'm glad to see it still here and standing it's ground against these other, "fusion" type of places out there. 

Although, once a franchise which started from
Virginia or California (not too sure which) their PHO has always stayed, classic, true form, and traditional. 

Try their desserts- simple and delicious. 

Let's keep certain things old school.
Not the best, not the worst.  The Pho and meat were ok, but the vegetables were wilted and sad looking; like they had been in a bag "condensating" for awhile.  Tables inside were cramped.

Nothing to write home about.
If you've looked at my last couple yelps, they have all been about pho places.  I've been on a pho kick and this place just did not do it for me. 
I don't know about you, but when eating pho, I enjoy an appetizer since essentially, you're just eating soup.  This place, if you get in alive since the neighborhood is horrible, ONLY sells pho!  I don't like that the soda came in cans.  That's just tacky.  The pho itself was okay. Definitely had better though.  
But I feel like if I risked my life in the parking lot, I should be able to get a freaking spring roll!
Only giving two stars because the pho is only ok at best but the service was horrible. I ordered hot tea for my beverage and I had to request it three times before it finally arrived. Also, two people in my group had to send their pho back because their orders were wrong. When they pointed out the "mix-up," the employee gave them serious attitude. Will definitely not be returning to this establishment!
I do not know what all the hype is about Pho 75.  Quality pho, but the stock wasn't all that impressive.  For the price (I got the large), the size was on the smaller end.  I will try the original Pho 75 on Adams to confirm, but I think there are better Pho places (like Pho Saigon), in Philadelphia.
After a fun night out, I needed this delicious pho to revive myself. Just one sip of the warm broth had me feeling a million times more awake and energized. 

This pho spot has everything you can ask for!!! Most importantly, the pho is amazing - the broth is creamy and flavorful and there is plenty of noodles and meat in each dish and the toppings are fresh and delicious. 

The service is very quick and there is plenty of seating which decreases the wait time. There is street parking around the restaurant and an ATM inside. This place is cash only. 

Give this place a try and it might just become your next go to spot for pho.
best pho place ever. love the broth, the meat - i always order the gan, nam and gau. i believe that's fatty brisket, tendon and skin flank. That's my favorite combination of meats to add to my regular bowl of pho. Setting is not the greatest, but it's a quick stop. The service is really fast. I don't go to any other place for pho to be honest. only downside is that they only serve pho - no other viet dishes except for coffee and some viet desserts which i have yet to try.
The Pho here is amazing. Everything is cooked perfectly and quickly each time. I never have any problems and the place is relatively clean. I suggest going here than Saigon next door because of the amazing Pho. If you've never tried it before, i suggest you go today.
For me, takeout is usually the best option here. High ratings for the pho which I think is even better here than at their flagship location on Washington Ave. Flavorful, fresh, piping hot with generous servings. If you decide to eat in and your expectations for hospitality and ambience are high- you will be disappointed. Service while always prompt is the only thing that is served cold here, no warm greetings or pleasantries- but hey, you can't have it all, just enjoy the food!
