I took the bus from CT to Philly to visit my friend and didn't get to Philly until super late like 1-2am. I was starving and looked on yelp to see what was open that late. I came across Pho 20 since they are open til like 3am I believe, had my friend pick me up from the bus station and head on over there. 

Since it was so late, we decided to order to go. I ordered the Bun Bo Hue. I was a bit skeptical of ordering it because anywhere I eat bun bo hue that's not in Houston, TX is not as good or authentic tasting as the one I've tried down there. But I was wrong, the Bun bo hue here is BOMB, it has that authentic taste to it and yes it damn near tastes like the bowls I've had in Houston. I was very impressed. Broth was full of flavor and meat. I was very satisfied. Next time when I'm in Philly, I will def return.
I love this place! I've ordered from here through Eat24 a bunch of times and they never disappoint.  Awesome food on the cheap, and insanely quick service.  

Pho:
I'd say my favorite is the rare steak and well-done flank, but the combinations are plentiful.  The broth is really flavorful and arrives nice and hot.  The best part about this place is that they deliver their pho in large plastic bowls which include everything except the broth and bean sprouts (see my photo attached).  Sounds trivial, but as a dude with no dishwasher I have a deep appreciation for these things. 

Honey Glazed Chicken Wings:
A must try.  The flavor is amazing!  Sweet and salty, and served with a really savory soy dipping sauce.  

Summer Rolls:
Another winner.  They place a strip of fried wonton inside of the the roll which adds an awesome crunch.  The peanut dipping sauce is killer too.
I had to update my review to 3 stars after trying their pho. I had previously been disappointed with their Rice Vermicelli, but since my boyfriend said he had liked their pho, I decided it was only fair that I give it a shot. I got the P2 Pho with White Meat Chicken and although I wasn't a fan of the meat, the broth was decent. The vegetables were fresh and the broth was piping hot which I appreciate. 

Prices are reasonable and their $1.50 delivery charge via GrubHub is less than most restaurants so I can see myself ordering from here again.
Really good pho, space is really nice, and service is really quick. They actually come around, refill your tea for you and also check up on you too! This is something I normally don't receive at typical Vietnamese restaurants.

Banh Xeo appetizer - we ordered this about 5 min before we put the pho order in and it still came out later than the pho. :-( We were hoping it would come before, but no biggy. The banh xeo (vietnamese smiling crepe) was stuffed with plenty of pork and shrimp and was very large, but the crepe itself was too coconuty. Although it was very crispy and had a great texture, I felt the coconut overpowered it just a lil. I do recommend splitting it as it is large and could be a meal if you are eating it by yourself.

Pho Dac Biet - The broth was great. Before adding in any hoisin, make sure you take a sip of the broth first. This will tell you how fresh it taste. Although I did put a little bit of hoisin in it, I honestly didn't think it needed any. Bowl was nice and large. At first I thought it was way too much noodles, but I forgot I flipped my noodles to be on top so it wouldn't get soagy while eating the banh xeo. So once I found my meat, it was good!

I do hope they keep  up with the consistency. I know a lot of places tend to go downhill after a few months of being open. I will be back though and see if they keep up with the great service and wonderful broth.
This place is only so-so, but the prices are reasonable. The ambiance is nice, and the service is good. I ordered two orders of summer rolls, and they came out quickly. The rolls were not rolled well, the skin had some breaks in it, and at the same time it wasn't tight enough. The accompanying peanut sauce was too thick. The flavors were good, though.
This is a great Vietnamese spot located in Philadelphia's Chinatown. We ordered pho late night to our hotel after an evening out at a concert. Major kudos to Pho 20 for delivering late amongst a sea of pizza places. It was nice to have a secondary option! 

I had the pork vermicelli. It was exactly what I hoped - a fresh bowl of rice noodles and vegetables that I didn't feel horribly guilty after eating. The portion of veggies was super generous and the pork had a great seasoning and wasn't greasy. Pho 20 was beyond reasonably priced and was very satisfying. Great spot!
A few months ago we stopped in for take-out bubble tea, and it was so good that we instantly planned to come back for a meal. 

Well, we finally made it back and it was pretty disappointing. The bubble tea tasted good but they had really small cups and there were hardly any bubbles in it. The pho was too rich (greasy) but the meat was tough and bland, and both of us left with stomach aches.
My friend and I came here for a late dinner and was surprised at how good the pho and bun bo hue was. My friend got the BBH and I got the pho dac biet. We didn't have high expectations because we saw mixed reviews on this place, however, we were fairly surprised at how flavorful the two soups were. For the price and the taste, Pho 20 is definitely worth it. Service was good and very fast. 

Think this will be my new pho place if I'm ever at Chinatown.
This is a good spot.  It is located in the Fairmount/ Art Museum area and so the prices are not Chinatown cheap, but the quality is on par and the portions are respectable.  Decent menu selection - if you don't want pho there are plenty of rice dishes available.  The service was great and it did not take too long for the entrees to come out.
Seamless review:

I ordered standard beef pho with rare steak. I couldn't have been happier with my decision. The pho came in it's own container with noodles and onions (and beef separate) paired with stock on the side and toppings. Super yummy and perfect! Would order again.
Too bad I couldn't eat here due to COVID, because the food was AMAZING!! I got the vermicelli with spring rolls and bbq pork and my bf got the pho. My bf loved the pho, I only tried the soup base, which was soooo rich. If it was fresh it would've been even better. 

Lemme tell you about the vermicelli. It's literally the best I've ever had, and I've been to so many pho restaurants that I can't even count how many. The noodles were exceptional, the perfect thickness and not too greasy. The spring rolls were very light and crispy, with lots of filling. The bbq pork was seasoned and cooked exceptionally. 

Most of the time I can't finish the whole serving, but I CLEANED the plate  literally devoured it. Definitely recommend!!
Came in after a night out in China town. Ordered P3, which is their "combo bowl" with the beef, fish balls, tripe, etc. I don't usually have high expectations for pho, but the broth didn't have much flavor to it at all. Which shocked me considering the previous reviews about how great the broth is. It was basically just noodles and meat in hot water. I added all the mix ins and tried to get every last drop of lime juice in. Overall, it was good and I'd probably give them another shot.
Got some bun bo hue for take out and restaurant was super generous with the meats. The noodle portion was enough for me but I felt like it was a lot less than other Vietnamese restaurants. The soup base was flavorful and unique in that it tasted like there was dried shrimp/prawn paste in it. I didn't mind it and the spice level I felt was at a mild/medium level.
This an excellent spot for Vietnamese food in Chinatown.  The price is good and the food is tasty.  If you like beef, try the short ribs with rice.  If you like summer roll type dishes, try Ban Hoi.  The pho broth and clear noodle soup with seafood are very flavorful.  I have been there multiple times and everything on the menu is good. You really can't go wrong with your order.  The customer service is so pleasant and I highly recommend this place.
The only pho place that make a bomb ash chicken and shrimp summer roll, tastes bombbb. Also their pho is great too, the prices are also noice, and they're always open for midnight munchies  I highly recommend
This restaurant is a nice place to eat Vietnamese pho and sub. The pho soup tastes good, and looks like bigger size than other Vietnamese restaurants I've dined in.The noodles in the soup is a large portion too. That's quite generous. 
One other specialty I like at this place is the radish/ carrots side. It's a little sour and salty and sweet and tasted amazing. I ordered an extra bowl of the radish side to go because I liked it so much.
I ordered the V1 House Special Rice Vermicelli Combination for delivery and I'm sad to say, I was not pleased. The entree sounded delicious online, but I was disappointed with how bland it was. 

The vermicelli came with spring rolls, shredded and charred pork, 2 shrimp, and an assortment of vegetables (lettuce, cucumbers, carrots). While the spring rolls were decent, I was not a fan of the pork and shrimp. It was tasteless and cold. Not sure if it was supposed to be cold or if it had just gotten cold during the 45 minute delivery time, but either way, I personally would have preferred this meal hot. I must say the vegetables were very fresh which I do appreciate. My meal came with a small container of sauce which may have saved this otherwise bland dish. The sauce was not listed on the menu so I don't know what it's called, but it had a sweet taste to it. I pretty much doused my entire meal with it. 

Unfortunately, the sauce may have saved tonights dinner, but it won't be reason enough for me to order delivery from here again.
Let's see... Charging someone more than what is stated on the menu gives you an automatic 1 star.... Especially if you also have one of the blandest pho I have ever had.  When I called them out in it, the waiter's response was, "Oh... We are in the process of changing the menu... Sorry about that."  LOL!  Then charge your patron the updated price once the menu has been updated!!! Doi!!

This place should also indicate in the good description that the beef carpaccio is topped with peanuts too... Not just basil and lime juice.
My and my bf's favorite pho place in Chinatown! Quiet, calm atmosphere with attentive, friendly staff. The pho is delicious! Always clean with quick service!
Best pho in Philly!  The vegetarian pho has the crispiest most flavorful tofu I have ever tasted, the vegetables are fresh and the wait staff was fun.  They give huge portions.  Great for lunch, dinner or a super late night meal, I have to admit that it is best when it's cold outside but I could eat pho anythime.  If you are in Chinatown, stop at Pho 20.
Pho 20 is one of the few Vietnamese restaurants opened after 11pm, and we came late one night to pick up a to go order. Since their bun bo hue wasn't particularly memorable, we decided to go with the pho dac biet and pho bo ko this time around. The pho bo ko that I had was still piping hot as I ate it, sitting in the comfort of my own couch. The flavors were all there. The portions - meat, noodles and condiments were very generous too. While I said the noodle portions were small the last time I came here, they definitely improved on that. My husband who had the pho dac biet said he enjoyed it as well. Maybe it wasn't the best pho he had, but it's a pretty average pho. Price wise, food is fairly priced, both of our pho and an order of summer rolls only set us back ~$20.
I've eaten here in person and ordered delivery numerous times before the quarantine. My bf and I usually get pho tai and/or bun thit nuong. Personally, I prefer the bun as the grilled pork is so tasty and the dish is light and fresh. When we order the pho, we first boil the broth in a pot and then toss in the rest of the ingredients for less than a minute. It's the best. 
We ordered in again through GrubHub this week and once again, ingredients were fresh. They also tossed in a pack of pocky sticks, which was a nice touch. Happy to support local businesses, especially our faves, during this time.
Thanks Pho 20!
Surprisingly good for take out. I've ordered from here multiple times during the pandemic and it keeps up a high level of quality.

The pho broth is always nice and flavorful. I would recommend throwing it in a pot on the stove once you get home. The noodles are always pretty good and they add all the fixins you'd normally get in store. Basil, lime, bean sprouts, hoison and sriracha sauce. 

If you aren't eating relatively quick, i would suggest against ordering egg rolls cause they'll just sit and get soft. These are best eaten fresh and crispy.
rainy days always call for pho.

stopped by with my friend and was pleasantly surprised! the inside isn't the flashiest but it was quick, delicious and moderately priced! $12 lunch i'll take it

BBQ pork summer rolls: really good! the rice paper was getting a bit hard but the pork was delicious

pork and shrimp spring roll: the filling wasn't as fresh as i'd like it but they came out pretty quick

pho: the broth was actually really good! try to stay away from the fatty brisket though, the fat pieces are really huge; good for flavoring the broth but terrible for you! i really liked my eye round pieces and some of the well done brisket pieces though, they do not skimp out on the beef which is great!

all in all, this place is a great stop if you're craving pho!
BEST in Chinatown area.  I cannot visit Chinatown without walking into this shop and ordering something.  This food is made with love and you can definitely tell.  I have had the pleasure of trying all of the Bahn Mi selections, the pho and my absolute favorite the omelette.  The omelette is stuffed with veggies and seafood ans has the mos satisfying crunch.  Yes its oily but its amazingly wonderful to stuff your face with.  The portions are massive for the price but trust me you will not stop eating.  It is everything that you could ever ask for in a meal and more.  When people ask me about the best Pho i have ever had, I will always say Pho 20.  Please visit this location and come hungry.  You will not be disappointed.
I work in this neighborhood, so I called for delivery. I ordered the rare beef pho, and the BBQ pork summer rolls. My food arrived in about 15 minutes. The soup was great. The steaming hot broth was delicious. The meat was fresh, and it came with a bowl large enough to fit everything. The summer rolls were even better. This place is awesome. The next night I ordered 6 orders of the summer rolls, to turn the rest of my co- workers on to them. I didn't call til about 2:30 am. The delivery was just as fast, and the food was just as good.
Ordered the pho on Uber eats. It was actually very good. Lots of meat. I got brisket and flank on my pho, no rare meat because I don't trust eating the raw meat in a to go container since I was staying in a hotel room. It came with a good amount of meat, although one of the meats was a little too fatty because it had a line of hard fat through it that was inedible, so I had to pick around that. The most important thing is the broth and I was pleasantly surprised that it was actually really good, nice flavor while still being pretty light.

I'm impressed that I found good pho in Philly. I've had a lot of good pho so I'm hard to impress and definitely didn't expect to find decent pho in Philly, I was just hungry and they were open late, but it ended up being a very satisfying meal and I would go back if I'm ever in the area and in need of a nice warm bowl of pho.
I grew up eating pho as a baby so I know good pho.  Lain ethics is new and close to home, I really was hoping it would be good.  This place is Chinese owned and the pho and broken rice dish is both bland and poor quality meat.

Service was good but the food is not worth the visit.  Please stay away and go to Pho Xe Lua down the street around the corner.

We also ordered spring rolls which was just noodles rolled up with super sweet sauce.
Ordered delivery for the Pho Ga My. It was DELICIOUS! I love the addition of the Bok Choy! The chicken itself has so much flavor and the broth was wonderful. Would LOVE to order Pho from this place again! Also: delivery includes a disposable set of chopsticks, a soup spoon (Pho spoon!), and a bowl to poor the broth over the noodles! That counts as a win!!
The best spot for some dishes I love like cha gio, com tam suon nuong (broken rice with pork chop) & com tam suon bo nuong (bbq beef short ribs over broken rice) the pho is good as well, but nothing in particular that makes it stand out from the many places I've been too.
The food at Pho 20 is consistently fresh and delicious. The staff is always friendly.
Saw that this opened up, & I wanted to try it, Even though my Go-To..on other street..
I went here with friend of mine last night,it was clean & sat down quickly. The menu wasn't too bad & prices were good. I ordered C1- Broken Rice with Pork chop& omelet & my friend got shrimp with rice..
When the food came, The ratio of meat To rice & veggies was off. What I mean by that, pork was small & barely any meat on it, with bone. So You get more Rice , pickled slaw & veggies . 
Hmmm, the service was good , but meat ratio was little off, as have been to other Vietnamese restaurants, this was one that was skimpy in meat deptmt. 
Not sure ..

Return factor:

Maybe..But think my go-to might be better!!
I absolutely recommend coming here! This is the only best pho spot in chinatown. I love the flavorful broth, it just reminds me of the pho places in Vietnam I've been to. If you're like me I'm super picky about how my pho is made and this pho place hits the spot. Pho cali and choo choo are just not up to beat with Pho 20 considering its been in chinatown before Pho 20. Its worth every penny and it's inexpensive!
At the top of Chinatown, Pho 20 was not so busy, but it should be.  Pho was excellent and under $8.  Summer roll was generous and tasty with peanut sauce on the side.  The Banh Mi was toasted and freshly made.  Also delicous.  Service was prompt and attentive.  We would recommend this place.
Ordered delivery on a Sunday at 11:00 am and got it by noon. Got the rare steak pho and a green matcha bubble tea. The pho was everything I was craving: fresh ingredients, great broth, tons of steak and noodles. The broth was warm and not piping hot probably from the commute. But overall it hit the spot and I'd defy order again.
Best Pho in Philly Period.

Huge portions and good prices all around. 

I recommend the coffee if you want a special treat :)
They have soooo many options. The pho is consistently good and I always order spring rolls too. Definitely worth the money.
First off.... they spelled pho wrong on their sign and the shirt they have on display is definitely wrong. How can you spell the main dish of your restaurant wrong? At least it's spelled right in the menu. I understand this is a Chinese owned pho restaurant but that doesn't mean you shouldn't spell the Vietnamese dish correctly. It was shocking, I didn't even noticed till on my way out of the restaurant.

Venue was bigger than expected, semi clean, the bathrooms were disgusting. But this is typical Asian restaurant, they are never known for their cleanliness. 

Service was friendly and quick. Our food came out within 5 mins of ordering. They constantly checked up on us, but then again we were only 1 of 4 customers at the time. But still service is again not an Asian restaurant's priority, usually.

Food. Pho was okay, it was average. The broth was a sweeter broth, clear, and had depth. Not enough meat to noodle ratio, and what meat you did get were torn to pieces and not well cut. Noodles were cooked perfectly. Again meats were lacking and could've been more or at least larger or thicker. Also ordered the spring rolls. Which reminds me of how crazy wrong their menu translations were. They translated Vietnamese egg rolls as spring rolls. And then translated Vietnamese spring rolls as summer rolls. This sort of translation doesn't even coincide with the typical American understanding. As I can tell, when Americans tried to translate spring rolls (usually anything wrapped in rice paper is simply spring roll) they made it more complicated by calling things winter rolls and summer rolls depending on what vegetables and herbs were in season. That sort of terming was not the case here. It was just complete wrong translation just as they spelled pho wrong on their big light up sign outside.

Parking is very limited. Either uber, walk, or public transit it. If not expect to spend at least 10 mins waiting for a spot to open up.

Overall, an okay pho spot. It's unfortunately located on the outskirts of Chinatown so not the most convenient. Will not be back, once was enough for me. Happy eating!
Nothing like a big bowl of pho to get your inner warm & fuzzies going. Pho 20 has become one of my family's go-to Pho joints. It opens later than the average pho shop too (11PM on weeknights.) The broth is deep and flavorful and the portions are generous. I think they're even MORE generous with the meats if you get your pho to-go. Maybe just my experience but you might wanna look into that. The Banh Xeo is also delicious. Crisp to perfection and stuffed with lotsa' goodies. Don't forget the vietnamese iced coffee either!  Strong and sweet, the way it should be. Pho pho-ever.
My friend and I got the honey glazed chicken wings, spring rolls, summer pork rolls and I got a jasmine ice tea. Chicken wings and the spring rolls were off the chart amazing. The summer pork rolls were not to our liking. The texture was gritty and cold along with dipping it into peanut butter sauce. The service was great. Very attentive and friendly. I would definitely go back again.
This place is pretty good, it deserves better ratings. I came here and tried their summer roll, chicken wings and chicken pho. The service was pretty good, food came out fast and water was also refilled. I'll probably come back to this place in the future.

My friend and I found their summer roll to be particularly good, not only to do put the standard items inside the roll but they also added some crunch by putting in the shell of spring rolls and they also put slices of meat inside as well. 

I really like how this place serves chicken pho, which is usually not in many pho restaurants. I really liked their broth as well.

The chicken wings were pretty standard. I like how this place has variety. This place could be a great place to come after a long night of fun and you and your friends want to grab a second dinner. They open late till 3am!
sometimes  I don't understand  how people rate one star when they only tried one of their items. 

I had lunch there when they had their grand opening and the pho wasn't that great but that's not the only thing they have there of course. I don't like the soup base. 
my 2nd visit I had broken rice with bbq chicken and that hits the spot. 3rd visit they intro me a honey chicken wings. that was perfecr. best wings ever.  hope they would give me bigger wing . location is great for me so i would not travel to south for veit food if i can have something better here. that's the  1st  star.

2nd star. the waiter was really nice and looks ready to serve every time you ask for him. 

3rd star. the place is clean and neat. including  the bathroom

4th star. I like the design  and layout of this veit restaurant more than anyone I have been to. including  the ones in south Philly (for those whose hyped about south Philly veit restaurant )

5th star. the price is fair. yes is that simple.
Ordered delivery and it came very quickly. While I didn't have the pho, my colleagues did and said it was delicious. I had the Bun Ga Nuong and it was hearty and tasty. A great, affordable and fast lunch spot...would definitely order from here again.
Alright this place is pretty comparable to Pho 75, and I'm definitely impressed with their quality of pho. The broth is clear and very tasty, and slightly sweeter than Pho 75. Not sure what the difference is in how they make their broths. Huge plus is that they take credit card. Clean and modern restaurant. Cheap, affordable food. Service was meh, but who cares? The pho is good.
Pho 20 is nicely located in Chinatown and has always been on point whether I am dining in or picking up food to go. One major advantage of Pho 20 is they are open late which is great when you're in the mood for pho after a night out in Chinatown. The interior is great and spacious and you'll never feel ontop of other customers. 

Pho is easily in my Top 3 favorite foods so lm pretty particular with pho in general and the pho here is great.
Pho 20 is located on the corner in Chinatown. It's a quiet, regular Vietnamese restaurant. We got the Bun Dac Biet and the Banh Xeo. Both were delicious. The banh xeo was crispy, and I remember specifically the pork belly was more of a thick rectangular cut, something that I wasn't used to. Not that it is a bad thing. 

4/5
As I gain more experience and add more reviews, I am finding out more about myself....I now know that I am an easy grader.  I love food, so it is difficult to be critical when many things taste so good to me.  That being said, Pho 20 dominates for my Pho niche .  I have only ordered 1 menu item....Pho Ga.  As my office is in close proximity to Chinatown, I eat Pho at least 2xs per week.  The Pho Ga here is perfect with some differences from other restaurants.  Toasted garlic and bok choy accompany the traditional noodles, chicken, and broth.  Really, really good.  Staff is nice and accommodating.  If you are in mood for Pho Ga.....go for it.
Wow great find, we were here for a lay over and was craving Pho. 

Service was great and moderately priced, it's not the fanciest but the it's was flavor, loaded with meat, and great portion size. My bro inlaw got the chicken banh mi and he enjoyed it very much. You won't be disappointed with the pho.
Pretty good first time experience. 

The menu is pretty large, typical Vietnamese I guess. But since this place is a pho place... I decided to try the pho dac biet to see if they can make a good pho. Plus, it's winter... Pho is just dope in the winter. 


Me and my friend ordered the banh xeo as an app. I placed that order early BC I know it takes longer to make. Unfortunately, the time between the app and pho was way too quick. So for those that want to eat and finish their appetizer, order pho when you're about to finish your app. Lol. Pho is like fast food... It'll take less than 5 minutes to get to your table (more if the restaurant is packed but still quick.)

Overall the food was really good. The flavors are pretty authentic and spot on. The pho broth, noodle, and meat proportion was great. 

One thing they can do better is to cut the pork used the banh xeo more. There was one big piece in the whole thing.. If it was cut, it would be like 3-4 smaller pieces. 

I usually don't eat Vietnamese when I'm in Chinatown but if I was craving it, I would definitely go here and suggest others to do the same. 

Either way, great addition to the growing Chinatown food scene. 

PS, super affordable!!!! Hope their kitchen stays consistent.
Food is so delicious. The ban xeo I had the other day was on point. Viet coffee was perfectly balanced. My rice dish with pork chop, shredded pork and egg hit the spot. 

Today I had the vermicelli with spring rolls, shrimp and grilled pork. I know it might sound small but when I see that the carrots are fresh, that makes me happy. So good. My husband had the pho and he said it hits the spot.
The bánh mì was so good it made me want to cry. The pho and the bánh xèo were also amazing. I've eaten at lots of pho places that were great, but this was a new high water mark. We will be back!
20 PHO 7

Well not really, but close enough. Pho 20 is one of the rare Chinatown establishments that are open past 10pm on the weekends although more places are moving towards it. It's located on the very edge of Chinatown where many locations around it aren't open, but this place is open until 3AM, just look for the big blue sign. 

Anyone that checks my reviews knows that I love the pho scene Philly has to offer. What you have to know is that the pho at Pho 20 is the best in Chinatown, hands down. This is the newest pho joint in the city (no pun intended) and with it comes a very comfortable and modern dining setting, along with the food to match. 

The pho here is tremendous, the broth flavorful, the noodles are cooked just right, they give a hearty portion of meats with the pho special and the basil is very fresh. 

In addition, the appetizers and other meals they serve here are unique to the other ones you may find at other Vietnamese restaurants. My favorites are the Vietnamese crepe (Bahn Xeo) and the Honey glazed chicken wings. Everything tastes fresh. 

The waitstaff is very attentive and kind. The food comes out in an instant and it's a perfect way to end the night, no matter how late you end up staying out.
Update: I do love Pho. I tried their vegetarian Pho and it was REALLY good. Pho is exactly what I need on a cold day or if I am not feeling so well. I also really like their spring rolls. They are kind of similar to egg rolls except they are steamed and not fried. They have noodles, vegetables, and your choice of chicken, shrimp, and some other proteins inside. It seems pretty healthy.

Again, the service is super fast because they have the broth ready to go and just put the stuff that you want into it. The vegetable soup takes a little longer I think because they have to cook it. Whenever I order it they always ask me if I would prefer vegetable or chicken broth. I'm happy to have the chicken broth but I appreciate the consideration in the case I was a vegetarian. I just really like the vegetables.

Pho 20 is open until 4AM some nights. It is great for a light night snack after a night out or for the morning after. I think they open around 11. I have never been there in a situation where it is too crowded or service is slow, and I go there a lot!
3.5--Is what I really want to give this new place, but I'm rounding up because the food is delicious and the cost is amazingly affordable! I went on opening day and have gotten take-out a couple times since they opened. 

The food is delicious and VERY reasonably priced. There are a handful of Vietnamese places around Chinatown and I was very ecstatic when I looked at their menu and saw the prices (the first time we ate there, my boyfriend was in shock to see how low our bill was!). I was even more excited when I tasted the food and found it very enjoyable. So far, I've tried their broken rice with charbroiled pork, salt baked squid, and their seafood pho. I really enjoyed the presentation of their food too--it definitely made me enjoy the food even more. 

The reason I was hesitant to give this place a higher rating is because it took them weeks to fill everything in their menu. My boyfriend and I really enjoy fish dishes and were excited to try them on the menu. However, the past 3 times we've tried to order their Fish Cooked with Sauce in the Hot Pot dish (S3), they didn't have the ingredients. After we kept returning, we were hoping that they would have been able to fulfill their full menu. Finally, yesterday, they had the dish ready. The sauce was very savory, a bit on the oily side, but it was delicious. My boyfriend was a little frustrated with how many bones he had to take out, but overall we were happy with the dish. 

I'm definitely looking forward to trying more things on the menu! The service is good. I really enjoy their jasmine tea that they serve even when you're just waiting for take-out!
Ok, so I'm huge on a place being consistent and this place is not at all. :-( So sad bc I did let others know that it was really good.

Came here again with my husband and ordered Bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup) and my husband ordered Bo Luc Lac (shaken beef). We also ordered Goi Cuon (summer rolls with pork and shrimp). 

Summer roll - Whomever rolled it had no skills. it was very sloppy looking. And the peanut sauce they served was too peanuty. Plus, there was barely any pork or shrimp. I tasted all noodles and veggies.

Bun bo hue - i ordered extra satay sauce on the side cause I like my noodles to be extra spicy. I practically put the entire extra sauce in my soup and did not change the spicyness at all. Boo!!!

Bo Luc Lac - wth...was this even beef? It was very soft and did not have any beef taste to it. Plus, this is normally served with a lemon pepper sauce. This dish did not come out with any.

Shape up guys! You are new. You should be consistent!
Came here half an hour before closing and they let us stay past closing time, chatting and eating without a care. The service is fantastic, very attentive, funny, friendly. And apparently everyone now knows that a pho place isn't authentic unless there's a number in the name so there's that. 

The food is just okay, wasn't blown away by the pho that I had. The meat could have been of higher quality, with some cuts being pretty touch to chew through. Everything else was fine, but wouldn't really seek this place out. Maybe if I were in the area and hungry.
I came here on a Saturday night with a friend. This place had no wait whatsoever and infact, we were the only ones in the restaurant! The place was clean and had good service. 

I got a Thai Tea which was not the best I've had but it was good. I got a vegetable pho which had huge pieces of vegetables in it which was great and it was big portion. 

I don't have much to compare this to since I never had pho before but was very good and the prices were great. For the Thai tea and 2 Phos - it came to $22.68.
Awsome Pho,
Tried all over town and this is one of my favorites.
Me and my wife both agree on this
This is my favorite pho place in the city! After trying tons of places, we always end up choosing to order from here instead. The pho is always phenomenal and comes in such a timely manner! I suggest getting your broth spicy, it adds a perfect kick!
So far its been my one spot in china town for best take out packaging pho place! Of course their food taste good too! Love their Food
Packing and their broth
Yum! This was amazing and I've been craving it again ever since!
We ordered on seamless with a $1.99 delivery fee but worth every dime! For delivery, there is some assembly but this wisely is to ensure that all parts are tasty when you eat! The broth is in a soup container separate from the noodles and meat which are in a bowl and third ingredient is the clear baggie of fresh basil and bean sprouts. 
Pho tai biet, rare steak and well done brisket, was tasty! I definitely preferred the brisket to the rare steak which is ironic because I ordered this soup so I could have the steak too! Maybe because the broth was super hot, but the rare steak was rare and chewy.
Pho dac biet with added siracha, chili paste, and comment "very spicy please" - amazing and very spicy just like we like it! We ate everything but skipped the chunk of fat
Goi cuon shrimp was traditional and good appetizer
The only small downside was the soup arrived warm not hot but we loved it anyway. Would order again!
Excellent prices and food was very good. Definitely recommend. I got the noodle soup with seafood. Couldn't finish very filling.
Got bun bo hue on a "I'm hungover at work and need soup!!!" emergency. It wasn't the best I've had, however, it's still delicious! Pretty large portion with lots of meat and the broth was so delicious, I saved the rest for later to sip at home (I got delivery!). Overall, a great place for some Vietnamese food..
I ordered the pho tai and my husband ordered the bun dac biet. The quantity and quality was great! I will absolutely order from here again.
Update! After 2 years it was time to try this place again. It was such a great weather to walk and perfect weather for Pho! The seating arrangement definitely changed! Very attentive servers! Oh they serve Banh Mi now! Before deciding to try this place again I actually went to my local NJ pho and Center City Pho restaurant last week. I came here with a colleague who also eats a lot of Vietnamese food, he got the C1 Pork Chop Over Broken Rice, and I got the P3 Special. We did get an appetizer to share Sausage and Pork Summer roll and Pork Banh Mi. That Banh Mi is just amazing! My colleague and I were actually looking at each and describing how flavorful the pork was and how great the bread was! To top it off it's so cheap!!! Under $5! Most Banh Mi's in Chinatown are above $5. Anyway, since I've tried most of the Banh Mi here in Center City, I have to say this is the best Banh Mi I've had! Probably my Top 1! Okay lets get to the food. I was skeptical of getting the Pho here because of the reviews I read. But I had to try it myself. I'm not sure why other yelpers are saying that the soup was bland and greasy. Mine wasn't.. It's the perfect broth! I'm rating the Pho as one my top 5! I wished I took a picture of the Pho but I forgot, it was too late when I remembered. When I come back again I will make sure to take a picture of it. By the way my colleague said they nailed the pork chop and it was really delicious Just an advice to everyone, if something is not right with your food tell the server. I'm sure they will gladly fix the problem for you :) Anyway I will be visiting this place more now. Whether its Banh Mi, Pho, or Pork Chop.
I had the house special rice vermicelli combination and it was sooooo good. I was craving something light, yet savory and this dish definitely hit the spot. I have never dined in here before but I'm looking forward to dining in and trying their pho sometime!
Saw that this place offered banh xeo (vietnamese crepe) and knew I had to try. While I was at it, I decided to also order their shrimp and pork summer roll, pork sausage summer roll, and their banh mi. 

When I brought my food home, I immediately opened everything to inspect. I noticed they messed up my banh mi order (I asked for the cold cut banh mi but they gave me grilled pork). It was a bummer but I wasn't going to let it ruin my meal. 

First I tried a bite of each summer roll. Summer rolls were really good, especially the shrimp and pork one. Next up was the banh mi. It was average and the weakest dish of the night. It needed more pickled daikon and carrots to add a fresh crunch to it. Now for the banh xeo. It was one of the best banh xeo I have ever had. It was a bit on the oily side but it was pan fried so perfectly. Each bite was slightly crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. Shrimp and pork filling was perfect too. Will definitely be coming back for that dish. Next time, I will also be trying out their phos.
Great food . Pho tastes fresh so does the meat . The rice dish is highly recommended. The bbq pork marinated perfectly .
Love this place! I haven't been disappointed yet, and it's the first place I go to when I want to order some good Pho Soup and rolls. I highly recommend any of their soups especially Pho and their rolls are great too! They really know how to package every thing up really nice to prevent any spills too unlike a lot of takeout spots. They send you all the utensils you need and the containers are very useful.
Absolutely loved Pho 20 especially their late night hours on Friday and Saturday(open till 3am). Got P3 for take out a few days ago and it taste delicious. Received a coupon to order on Grubhub, so I order for delivery. Order another pho today and it was SO good. I order at 3:30 and I got my food at 4, AMAZING!! Delivery is super duper fast and friendly and since I live in Fishtown, I decided to give the driver additional  tip on great service. Will definitely order again, maybe try some of their broken rice dishes next time.
I absolutely love pho and have pretty much tried pho all over the country, and safe to say I wasn't disappointed when I ordered the pho tai. The soup base is delicious, and the meat is cut thinly perfectly. I highly recommend reheating on the stove again after you get it (take out)- it just makes the broth sooooo much better. I also ordered the summer roll (shrimp and pork) which was alright, nothing too special
Really delicious Pho for Chinatown. Generally speaking I would tend to go to Washington ave for Vietnamese food, or northeast philly. But this was surprising delicious broth and fresh toppings, exactly the taste that my friend and I were craving. 

Only take out and delivery for now, which is best for covid safety anyways. They separate all the ingredients so nothing gets soggy and you can combine however you like it, as it should be!
Having Pho 20 in chinatown is a nice addition. It beats out many of the other Pho places in the area. However, we've been utterly spoiled by Pho 75 with the Pho and Nam Phoung with the appetizers.

BBQ Pork Roll - the pork was a little on the sweeter side. It wasn't wrapped as nicely as some other vietnamese places. 

Pho - could've used some--no no.. ALOT more scallion (told you we were spoiled by Pho 75). The broth was good in general. The bowl is pretty large and deep. So there's plenty to eat. My rare beef was not rare. It came out pretty well done. 

Spring roll - oily. there was also a very strong sesame oil flavor in the dipping sauce which i never came across in the many times i've had vietnamese food. 

This place is still brand new, close to home. Prices are fairly decent. It wouldn't hurt to come back again in the near future.
This is my favorite place to order in pho from! I've never actually eaten at the restaurant, but I've ordered delivery here many times and can comment on that. The food is always delivered quickly and is still hot when it arrives.

My favorite pho here is the pho tai (beef pho with rare steak). I prefer to ask for my steak on the side so that it isn't well done by the time I get it, and the broth is still hot enough for me to add the steak when it gets delivered. They also provide the lime, basil, jalapeños, sauces, and plenty of sprouts. The broth is delicious, but it is pretty salty as are most pho broths in the US. The steak is always very good and there's lots of rice noodles. I've also had the summer rolls from here which have also been tasty.

Love pho 20 and I will continue to order my
pho from here!
