Reviewing this place, you got to review it for what it is. It's an unpretentious, high-volume Vietnamese restaurant, which means you just have to set your expectations correctly.

Service will be quick and efficient. Food will be prepared quickly. The bill will be cheap and come early. There will not be small talk. Decor will be meh.

The pho (rice noodles with thinly sliced beef in broth) is above average and a pretty good size. I like the beef flank because it's tender and tasty. For the vermicelli dishes, the one with shredded pork or the one with pork and spring roll are my usual choices. The double porkchops are deliciously marinated, if you are looking for a dish with rice. The spring rolls and shrimp rolls (try these, it's different and real Vietnamese food) are also pretty good. I've never found the spring rolls to be "mad greasy", oh well, different expectations.

I'm not sure if I would drive all the way out here for Vietnamese, but if you live around Penn's campus or in University City and don't want to go to Chinatown this is a pretty good option. Also, remember that this place is closed on Mondays...several potential Monday pho lunches of mine were thwarted because I would always forget this.

OH! I almost forgot, try the egg noodles with shrimp, if you're in the mood for something new. I love the texture of the noodles. Make sure to tell them to make the noodles harder or al dente. Don't be put off if the waiter or waitress seems like they don't get it. Trust me, they do...
It's hidden in the pho section, and I didn't even discover it on the menu until the 20th or 25th time I came here. Yeah, I came here a lot for food because it was so conveniently located and pretty tasty.

Also, their bubble tea and fruit smoothies with bubbles (tapioca) are good. They use fresh fruit and the bubbles are the right texture--kinda chewy and gummy, NEVER hard.
During a long bike ride that had us (a friend and myself) teetering very close to this west Philly spot, I remembered this fact and pho was just what we needed to refuel.  I'm going to drop some knowledge about pho for you: Pho itself, is breakfast in its motherland.  The hearty bowl contains a good amount of carbs, proteins, and salt.  Those elements are vital to start off a tough working day in the heat (manual farming for example).  So it makes sense to start a day's ride with a bowl.

As soon as we get to Pho & Cafe Saigon, we were immediately thrilled to see outdoor seating.  The last time I can recall eating pho outside was when I was actually in Vietnam.  Sun and pho just makes sense to me.  So without doubt, we were to be eating here.

So then we order the typical bowls, load it up with tripe and different cuts of beef in the ol' largest-bowl-you-got variety.  Service is quick, just like any other pho monger.  Bowls came out and there's that unmistakable sense of anticipation of designing your own meal, harking to the traditional South Vietnamese way of eating pho.  After the condiments: thai basil, chile peppers, and mung bean sprouts have been drowned in the pool, we dig in.  Immediately something is awry.  This is not authentic.  There's something missing.  Beefy and unctuous, it's there.  Noodles are nice and firm, check.  The proper spices... nope, I"m sorry to say it's not quite here.  With pho, a slight hint of anise and roasted ginger are supposed to provide that supporting chord to an already nice tune.  This bowl, however, didn't have it.  So what you're left with is a rather nice bowl of beef noodle soup, very paletable and tasty if this was your first.  If you've eaten a proper bowl before, this just isn't pho like it's supposed to be.

Because we're strictly pho afficienados, it's all we had.  I cannot comment about the other items on the menu simply because we didn't order it.  Needless to say we finished our bowls, did the typical 'dredging' towards the end in an attempt to muster up any sort of scrap that's hidden below the noodle-exhausted murky waters and bidded adieu.  The price was rather expensive, coming in at over eight dollars for the bowl without any drinks or edible companions on the side.

Still though, it's worth a trip on a nice, sunny day to enjoy a bowl of 'beef-noodle soup'.  Sure it's not authentic, nor is it even cheap.  But when you're sitting outside with a full stomach on a brilliantly sunny day, what's there to complain about?
Determining my rating for this review was tough.  Merely comparing it to other University City offerings I can see Pho & Cafe Saigon as a solid 4-star establishment.  Factoring in the other Pho places I've visited in Philly^ and I believe 3-star is a fairer assessment.

Here is why:
* Prompt service and quick delivery of your food (Pho & other entrees)
* Portions on par or slightly smaller than my typical Pho experiences
* Prices slightly higher than other Vietnamese places, but on par or lower than others in University City

The Pho was solid with a good amount of meat (tripe, tendon, etc) inside.  I tried the rice flakes as well. They were good, but not great.  Getting a mango shake offered a nice balance for my pho (since I've been known to put quite a bit of sriracha in my broth).  Finally, I agree with a few other reviewers, it was odd getting the check before I completed my meal.  Personally, that didn't impact my rating, but if it is something that is known to bother you, be warned. Oh, and remember it is CASH only!

^If your interested in Pho, check out my ongoing list: http://www.yelp.com/list/philly-pho-philadelphia
Due to feeling a bit under weather for the past couple of weeks soup has been on the menu a lot . And as a result I've been finding myself over here to satisfy my pho craving a lot. With Vietnam Cafe representing this definitely isn't anywhere near the best pho in West Philly. and as many have indicated this is nowhere near the the level of a lot of other places in Philly. But when you're looking for pho that's quick and pretty inexpensive Pho & Cafe Saigon  makes a pretty good second fiddle.

I've only really done takeout so I can't comment on service, but the people working the counter are friendly enough. The noodles for the pho definitely isn't the greatest I've had. But the cuts of meat are plentiful, and the broth is exceptionally satisfying. and the spring rolls that I've picked up here were definitely satisfying. So over all when old man winter and hangover bugs are kicking your ass, this place has enough to get you back to your senses. And I really need to try those milkshakes!
University City, Philly PA
I like my fresh honeydew ice drink. They didn't put the bubbles in. I applaud the fresh fruit water ice crushed ice fluids they make. I do not like the condensed milk they add to sweeten it. And I don't call this bubble tea. I guess Philly will never make the kind of bubble tea I'm use to in Manhattan. But at least it is fresh. Aroma here smells great- looking forward to trying some of their soups and pho's next time.
If you're looking for top notch pho, go elsewhere.  If you're in the midst of a craving but don't feel like crossing the river, come here.  The pho itself is mediocre at best, but if you dress it up with all the hot sauce, sprouts, and basil provided, it works.  

I once ordered the lemongrass chicken, and it was tasty, but the portion was paltry.  Seemed like most of the non-pho items were also this way.  I'll have to give those milkshakes a try, however.

I'm just looking forward to the opening of the Vietnam Cafe at 47th & Baltimore (from the lovely people at Fuh Wah and the Vietnam restaurant in Chinatown) near the end of January 2008.
So, I had a pho craving this afternoon. 

I've only been to 5 different pho places in Philly and was thinking about visiting another one this weekend, but the little voice of conscience inside my rumbling stomach was too overpowering as I walked past Pho & Cafe Saigon on my way back to my apartment. As I walked toward this "restaurant," I beheld, with slight discomfort, a man looking at me though the glass door, watching me approach. 

When I reached the door, he opened it in silence, allowing me to come in. That was my server. I said "hi" and asked for a table in the nearly empty restaurant. Although he did not respond to my greeting, he did point to some tables, suggesting that I could just pick one. When I sat down, iced tap water was promptly delivered. I ordered a bowl of pho, which arrived with terrific speed, only 2 minutes later. 

If you know me, you would know that am a relatively fast eater. Multiply that speed by 2 whenever I am hungry or have a craving. Halfway through my meal, my check was shoved into my face as I was inhaling the pho. When I got up to leave, the server, who was facing me, avoided eye contact and headed straight for the check.

I left a 20% tip, as I customarily do. I understand that people need to make a living in good or bad times. I know that in some family-owned businesses, perhaps workers who are family members don't always get paid as they should. I also keep an open mind, with the understanding that some people are not at always at ease with human interactions. However, the server was polite and spoke perfect English when a gentleman in a suit came in. He even asked the man how he was doing and politely seated him. He was suddenly well-versed in customer service skills. Unfortunately, I had to leave and could not observe the rest of this fascinating transformation. 

Conclusions from this experience: 

1) The food was better than last time I was here. The pho was pretty good. There was a large, flat piece of ligament the size of my hand in the pho, but no big deal - I just set it aside. (+1 from my last rating)

2) The service was worse, and it was probably not an off-day. It wouldn't have hurt for the server to wait 3 more minutes to drop the check, once I finish absorbing my pho soup. (-1 from my last rating)

3) To maximize your experience, make sure you come here hungry. To get better service, wear a suit and white collared shirt instead of your regular clothes. (I only wore a nice skirt with a cardigan)

4) The price isn't bad, but reviewers who think it's cheap are probably not comparing this place to the many other Vietnamese restaurants in Philly (less than $5 for the same amount of pho).

5) The location helps it maintain customer inflow. If any other pho restaurant in Philly chose to open an additional location nearby, this place would need some serious upgrading to compete.

I will say, though, that this is probably the fastest service I've ever experienced. My entire dining experience lasted less than 10 minutes.
This place is alright. It's a neighborhood joint that is can be conveniently located (if you live/work in the University City area). Honestly, Vietnamese isn't my favorite, partially because of the lack of vegi options, and the staff here are pretty reluctant to make substitutions or help keep your food both tasty and meat free. The spring rolls are mad greasy, though, so if you need a hangover cure, those with some pho just might do the trick.
Okay...so first things, wow. When I first tried this place out, I wasn't too impressed but that's probably because I got something I'm not used to eating. I got chicken pho since I'm on a 'no red meat' diet. I'm Vietnamese and I grew up eating pho with beef or meatballs so it wasn't my cup of tea. I was definitely impressed with the customer service though. The owner gave us free dessert and a free smoothie and I looove free!!! That alone was good enough to keep me coming back, and boyyyyy let me tell you...I'm sho glad I did! lol. This time I was willing to have a cheat day and I opted for pho with beef and got rice with pork chops to share with my boyfriend and oh my God *foodgasm* it was amazing!!! Like I said, I grew up eating this food but this is the BEST Vietnamese restaurant I've been to thus far and I'll explain why. 

1) the pho - so I've always been the one to freakin add basically half a bottle of hoisin sauce and sriracha in my pho, but at this place that was not needed at all. Initially when they gave us the pho and a little bit of sauce on the side I was like huh?! This is def not gonna be enough for me...But it actually was! And that speaks volumes. That means the broth is good enough on it's own. 

2) the rice and pork chops - that thang came out glistening and sizzling like it was seducing me, but we were so full from the pho that we took it to-go. We ate it about 2-3 hours later and it stillllllll tasted amazing so that's how I know that it's good, period. 

This time, they gave us free dessert again AND an appetizer as well which were fried wontons. Just exquisite. Crispy out the outside and full of flavor on the inside. 

This is my new fav pho place and I'm never turning back. Everrr. If you're wondering if you should check it out, don't hesitate. Everything is good, from the customer service to the food. Plus they offer outdoor seating! What other pho places in Philly you know do that?!
I love this place.  I know greater pho exists, but seriously you walk into this place, they tell you to pick your own table and before your coat is off you have hot tea in front of you.  I'm not a tea drinker, but their tea is delightful!
I'm not gonna say it's like this every time, but after you order your food it's in front on you in less than about 7 minutes.  It's been this way two out of the two times I'm eaten in.  Hot, tastey, fresh, tender meat, and good noodle quality.  Absolutely no complaints, in fact I often with my stomach was bigger so I could keep eating!
Take out? I didn't know what to expect when I ordered pho take out.  Here's what I got: one big plastic container of piping hot broth with onions and a box of the meat, noodles, sprouts, mint leaves, whole peppers, and a perfectly proportioned mixture of hoy sin and hot sauce in a little cup.  It's always too much food for one person.  And these, my friends, are the reason I will probably return to Pho & Cafe Saigon at least once a week for the rest of my days in University City.
To put it bluntly, it's a hot bowl of delicious broth with noodles and various meat toppings. I think you'll be hard pressed to find a quality pho place in the university city area, but I'm also new to the area. Also, CASH ONLY!!!!! You have been warned

However, on a Saturday afternoon, this place was empty. We walked in, got seated, ordered, got served. This all happened within 15 minutes of walking through the door. They probably have some of it prepped already, but the broth was hot and tasty. The flavor profile wasn't as complex as I have had at other places, but still delicious in the middle of the day. The price is average what I have seen at other pho places. The service was super fast. Solid place for a fast meal.

They give you the standard bean sprouts, peppers, and veggies spread. There is also hot sauce, hoisin, salt, and pepper on the table for your adding.
Unfriendly wait staff and pho that is definitely precooked and dumped into hot broth minutes before being served. Why do I come back time and time again? There's no better (and by that, I mean, no other) place to get pho in University City. Come for pho that's fast, relatively cheap, and pretty tasty.
I still absolutely LOVE this place. It's not much to look at, but from the bun alone....this place is outstanding. I can't really speak to the pho as I never really order it.

My dish of choice is the Bun with grilled pork and crispy spring roll, because there's a taste that I can't put my finger on (maybe from the fish sauce, but definitely on the grilled pork) that puts my taste buds on sensory overdrive.

Either way still remains one of my favorite little places for bun. It's just a damn shame I live so far away.
Yo...

This place is the truth. Since Megabus offers insanely cheap fares from DC to Philly, I'm always there visiting my line sister!! She lives directly across the street from "Saigon House" as I have dubbed this place. I've eaten here three times and have gotten the shrimp friend rice each time. Wait, my first visit I ordered the shrimp spring rolls too! Anyways...


My food is always piping hot and the portions are always big! I always have left overs and eat them later. You could honestly enjoy the rice with no sauce but the sriracha and the sticky brown sauce set it off! I always ask the cashier for extra! It's fresh, delicious, and CHEAP!! Paid $8.00 for the rice. $2.50 for the Spring rolls if I recall correctly.  BIG OH!! The service is super speedy! 

It's located in a trendy little neighborhood in West Philly, lots of hipsters and young adults. I gave this place a shot because I'm a sucker for hole in the wall joints!

I hope to try the bubble tea next time, but I gotta get over my phobia of the texture  of tapioca balls in my mouth. Creeps me out a little.  I would explore the rest of the menu but the rice is so damn good!!


I would've given it a 5, but the hours of operation are inconsistent making it difficult to plan my day (my days are planned around my meals!!).
When I dream of how Vietnamese Bun should taste....I honestly think of this place. Forget VR, or VP. This place is it. I was usually there every Sunday after church.

I moved to Korea in Oct. of 2006. It was like living in hell that I couldn't have any REAL Vietnamese food (Vietnamese food in Korea is rightfully Koreanized for local palate). When I came back to Philly a year later in 2007, I made it a priority to hit this place up again and end this cruel torture. I sat down, and when I was ready to order the most amazing thing happened. She looked over at me and asked "B1?" It blew me out of the water!!!!! After a whole freaking year of not being there....I show up one random day and as if time had not moved....
*** remember that scene in Ratatoulle, where the food critic gets one taste of the ratatoulle and is instantaneously transported back in time to when he was a kid ***
....yeah that scene...well almost. OMG....I was completely dumbfoundedly stupirifically floored. Okay...well it could have just been a coincident...but I wanted to pick that lady up and kiss her on the cheeks.

I went there a few months back and it was still the same yummy goodness as before. I'm now in DC and although there are several good places here, the Pho place down the street from church still remains my benchmark for Vietnamese Bun.

Okay for you gumshoes out there...I've been to so many pho places and it's been a while, that I don't remember if the Vermicelli with Chargrilled Pork & Spring Rolls is actually B1 or not...but she did get it right.
BYOB spot with smoothies, quick service, and a no frills attitude. Pho bowls are big with all of the additions on the table like sprouts and jalape単os, and you're able to take it home after with extra broth as well for two meals covered. Got a cracked rice platter with a pork chop, and everything that came on it was new and awesome. A sort of eggy pancake with a cool texture and great flavors, tasty pork, and some extras that made the night worth the cash only payment. Can host big groups if you call ahead, and doesn't mind if you're loud or not. Overall, good for a Vietnamese craving, but no bahn mi.
Ordered Rice Flake combo. It tasted good. I also had spring roll, which was OK. The service is so so. Owners are not so friendly.
While this did somewhat cure my hangover, there's definitely better pho joints out there. MAYBE it's being from the SF Bay Area (where there's tons of delicious & legit Vietnamese food everywhere) that raised my standards, but also maybe this place just wasn't that great. 

We ordered:

+Beef & flank pho - broth was good and rich. You could tell they'd been boiling that broth for hours. The meat however was a little overcooked and in huge clumps which wasn't the easiest to eat. Overall good though, I'd order again!

+Pork vermicelli bowl - basically was like 90% noodles with meat on top. I wish there had been more veggies/ other ingredients.

+Spring rolls - again, not much substance, mostly noodles and not worth the price imo.

Also note that this place is cash only. They have an ATM, but if you want avoid those sneaky transaction fees you can walk down the street to CVS for cash back!
saigon may have a dour (business-like if i were feeling more diplomatic) staff and food prepared so fast that it can only be pre-cooked, but saigon is also a mighty convenient establishment. in my view, it is a better version of those ubiquitous panda's seen in food courts across america.. the selection is poor, but the price is good and the food itself is average. as i live only a block away, i visit saigon so frequently (out of sheer lethargy) that i have to give it three stars.
Fast and filling pho place - taste-wise probably doesn't compare to the pho places on Washington Avenue, but a really good option in the University City area! The restaurant was pretty empty when I went there for lunchtime on a snowy April day (Oh, Philly weather..), and the food came out super quickly. The broth was flavorful, and came with a generous portion of meat and noodles.
I came here tonight with my cousin and had a nightmare experience. There was only one server tonight and this man was the WORST. We ordered a Deluxe Pho to share. The order came out rather quickly. As my cousin started eating, she discovered a long piece of curly hair in her noodle. We decided to notify the server about the situation. He said that my cousin put it in there. We were so angry. I said to him that how could it be her piece of hair when her hair is straight and mind you her hair was pulled back in a ponytail. We requested a new bowl, but decided to leave because he was rude and threw a hissy fit the whole time. As we were leaving, he started to yell at us. 

Just never ever again.
Best pho option on campus.

A lot of my Vietnamese friends claim that Cafe Saigon does not have great pho by any standard, but on those cold nights when I'm craving a nice, piping bowl of beef pho, this place is where I turn to.

This BYO is a great place to get ones feet wet with pho if you've never tried before because of it's wide menu selection. Whether you're vegetarian or are unsure what type of meats to get in your bowl, this place accommodates all of these requests. When you're seated, they'll immediately take your order and bring out a plate of toppings, which includes bean sprouts, lime wedges, jalape単os, and basil leaves. Literally within three minutes of ordering, they'll bring out your bowls. I usually go with #17, the beef eye round, tendon, and tripe. I lovee adding as many toppings as I can into my bowl. The sourness of the lime is a great compliment to the savory broth, the spiciness of the jalape単o adds a nice singe, the bean sprouts adds a nice crunch, and the basil adds a nice fresh aftertaste.

Every time, I down the soup and leave an empty bowl. Not only do I think the food is tasty, it's also extremely affordable. This less than $10 meal is the best cure to chilly weather blues. I have yet to try their smoothies, but I've hard their avocado smoothie is out of this world.

Pros: price, speedy service, menu options
Cons: not the most friendly servers

Dishes to try: pho!
I come here all the time.

because I live two blocks away.

I love pho because they always bring it out within five minutes, and it's like instant source of warmth on a cold day.  A big bowl of steaming noodles with good broth, nice portions of protein, and plenty of bean sprouts.  If you like to sweat more you can always add sriracha to your heart's content.

I definitely have had better pho, but due to proximity, it's one of my most frequented restaurants.  They only take cash by the way, and there is a generic ATM right outside, but will charge a fee to use.

go with #16!
This place is a hidden gem. It really doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't let that deter you from stopping by and trying the pho.

I am no pho expert but I thought that the pho that I had compared to the pho in other places that I have tried was delicious! I tried the chicken pho and the vegetable with chicken broth pho and found them both very tasty. I personally prefered the vegetable option a little more since I just love vegetables in general. The portions are generous and the vietnamese coffee is a must try. 

The place itself reminds me of the hole-in-the-wall restaurants you find in the caribbean that sell the most amazing food. I like finding these types of places and trying their food; in my opinion, you get the best-tasting foods in these lesser-known establishments.
I love this place for its cheap, plentiful food and their strict "ignore the drunk athletes pounding 40s" policy.  While I'm not entirely certain it's a BYOB, my friends and I have been bringing 40s here for 4 years and counting, and no one has EVER said anything to us about it.  Their pho is decent, but I personally get the Steamed Broken Rice With Char, Pork Chop, Shredded Pork, Egg Quiche, Sunshine Egg.  God, it's glorious, comes out piping hot, and is perfectly balanced by the light, fragrant flavors of Old English.  

I miss college so much it hurts sometimes.
Go and get the fried rice, grilled pork, and a jack fruit milkshake (or any other shake). This place has reliable, tasty Vietnamese food at very low prices.
It's cheap, it's fast, and it's local. The charbroiled pork and vermicelli never disappoints. The fruit milkshakes are fantastic, and you can order them without milk. Is there better Vietnamese food in Chinatown? Absolutely. But when you don't feel like hopping on the trolley, Pho & Cafe Saigon is a sure bet.

Things to keep in mind: it's cash only with an outside ATM, and closed on Mondays.
This place is great for grabbing a quick, yummy, and filling lunch in West Philly. 

The pho is pretty good, the vermicelli noodles with pork and springs roll is great, but I love their pork chop with a sunny side up egg. The food comes out super fast and is always good. I think I'll go this weekend. Note: only accepts cash (there's an ATM right outside).
Right across the street from my apartment and with outdoor seating, this is the best hangover cure ever.

They have pho dishes, as well as rice and noodle dishes.
The pho is pretty good, but Chinatown and all of the Vietnamese places on Washington are too far in a pinch.

They have bubble tea, too, but the bubbles are weird textured.
This is a good West Philly lunch spot, although now that Vietnam has opened at 47th the competition is gonna be pretty stiff.

Service is surly but fast and efficient. Is it pre-cooked? Wait a minute, we are talking about a $6-8 menu here, from a corner neighborhood joint. I don't know how long charbroiled pork, broken rice and a spring roll really takes to make, but I sure don't mind getting it fast. And the fruit milkshakes are damn good. (They take longer to produce than the food, so they must be made to order.) Plus, the outdoor tables are a welcome treat from spring to fall.

Gourmet, upscale, Best-of-Philly Vietnamese? Nope, but you already know where to go for those -- Vietnam (I and II) and Vietnam Palace -- and if you're here at Pho, you know you're not in Chinatown or South Philly. So, for what it is, where it is, we could do a lot worse. Manage your expectations and it'll seem that much better. Recommended.
Talk about a disappointment! 
Before I start bashing I want to note that the staff is awesome and the cashier and the older lady are nice beyond nice!
That said, I came here for the Pho and was very excited to find some Pho in university city. Ordered a take out of chicken and shrimp pho and the beef pho. I L O V E pho and I thought that it was impossible to screw it up but now I know what an average broth tastes like, fat and bland, sad really. 
After all the sriracha and soy sauce it tasted edible and the result for my efforts was a light food poisoning, I do want to note that the ingredients were fresh and I'm not in any way blaming Saigon for it but I will from now on eat pho in Chinatown.
This is a University CIty favorite! The service is quick and friendly. I always get pho, which is #19 on the menu. Go early on Sundays because it is sure to be crowded. 

They only accept cash and are closed on Mondays.
I'll be honest, I can count the number of times I've had Vietnamese food on one hand, and 3 of them have been at Pho & Cafe Saigon due to it's proximity to my front door.  I find the pho to be pretty good and I've tried the rice stick with lemongrass chicken, which was decent as well.  I agree with Erin G's opinion of the spring rolls....way too greasy.  The service is fast and courteous.

My girlfriend has accompanied me here on 2 occasions, and being the all-american meat and potatoes girl that she is, she has a hard time finding this place palatable.  That probably has to do more with her than the food.

If you're in the neighborhood and want a quick decent meal, I would recommend this place....but it probably won't knock your socks off.
I went to Penn as an undergraduate and must have eaten at this place fifty times in my four years. I wish I were kidding. This place got me through undergrad.  For the first several months, I wasn't aware that it actually had a name, I just sort of wandered there with friends and sat outside. Honestly, on a warm summer night, there are few things that are better than sitting outside on the corner of 43rd and Spruce and watching the world go by with a big bowl of pho. 

Insofar as food recommendations go, I always start with an appetizer of sorts, usually an order of spring rolls. The pho is great, so just pick whichever mix of assorted meat parts you want (don't fear the tripe and the tendon, they're both delicious) or, if you'd prefer, the salads are great too (and filling!)

This place has always, always been consistent and if you're in West Philly there's no reason not to go.
The woman here knows my order by heart: egg roll, plus pho with flank, tripe, and beef ball (in large bowl). The service is the best in the city, as far as I know. You walk in, you order within seconds, and in about three minutes your food is on the table. Incredible.

Take-out is also a good option; this University City restaurant really has the packaging of pho down to a science. Your noodles and vegetables are served separately in a Styrofoam container, while your meats are dunked into that glorious broth to soak up all the flavors as you walk (or drive) home.  

If you really feel like treating yourself, get a bubble tea "Hong Kong Style." To order correctly, you must say, "One boba, please. H.K. Style." They won't hassle you if you get it wrong (like they do at Pat's and Geno's), but you don't want to sound ignorant in front of your friends.
This place has served me the worst Vietnamese food I have ever eaten. No joke. I don't understand the other reviewers at all. 

First of all, for Vietnamese food, it is pretty pricey. Second, my pho dac biet (the special) was not piping hot. Third, the meat in my pho was mostly fat. Fourth, my friend's vermicelli noodles were clumpy and slightly hard, either due to bad cooking methods or old noodles. 

But service was alright, so I guess an extra star for that.
This is hands down, my favorite place to eat in west philly.  I have been coming here for years and I have never been dissatisfied with a single meal.  Not once!  Their pho is amazing, especially if you enjoy eating the nasty bits like tripe or beef tendon.  I've heard people say it's not as good as chinatown's, or south philly... blah blah blah.  I've had pho all over the city, and it all tastes like the same thing to me... DELICIOUS!

This place is fast, cheap, and extremely tasty as well as being a plentiful meal.  It's a wonderful place to sit down for a quiet meal.  You have absolutely no reason not to come here.

CASH ONLY!  Don't be an asshole.
This place was recommended to us.  Why?  For bland Vietnamese food?  That must have been why our recommenders liked it--because they've never had good Vietnamese food.  We used to live four blocks away, in the restaurant-desert that West Philly continues to be--where tumbleweeds  of litterers' craft make for most of the street life--but we only ate here once.  We count it a true disappointment, considering people had recommended it to us.  You may hear it's good due to the warped tastes of some neighborhoody regulars, but don't be fooled.  Those people don't know what good Vietnamese food is.
Fast service, lukewarm attitudes, okay prices and food.

They were very quick to bring us menus and take our orders. We waited 5 minutes at most between ordering and getting our food... which is great for pho, but I didn't like that about my dish. My date had pho dac biet and I had shredded pork and Vietnamese quiche. It was bland and dry, and the fish sauce was too sour. I feel like it was thrown in the microwave and then given to me, which was disappointing because I was craving a Vietnamese quiche made with love (or at least with a little more feeling than nuking). I stole some of my date's broth, though, and it was deeelicious. 

The only way I can describe the service is that it's neutral - neither friendly nor rude. Our waiter sat at a table nearby on his laptop, but we were never ignored or had to wait long for anything.
The pho here is okay and is one of those things you order when you have a cold and it is February, but the mango milkshake, oh the mango milkshake!  It is a bit pricey, but it will change your whole outlook on life, especially if mangoes are in season.

My boyfriend and I just spent an entire day cleaning up my place for a visit from his parents.  We were dirty and cranky and finally I just said the magic words, "mango milkshake", we dove out of my apartment and down the street, got the milkshakes and sat on a bench in the school yard drinking them and watching the fireflies.  All was good with the world.
A solid staple - Pho or char-broiled something-something... and maybe some fruit smoothie - mango! mmm, mango.

There's nothing really to it, it's cheap food at a cheap price with no bs.  Not the best Vietnamese in the city by a long shot, but whatever.
I love this place and I do not go here enough. Cheap, fast and nobody will bother you. Beat the dinner rush and you can get a table by a window (or the giant fish tank) where you can devour your pho in quiet. 

Be clear when you want tea, since the last few times I've gone, I've had to ask for it twice. Especially since once I was presented with a green tea milkshake. Whoops? 

Did I mention it's cheap? As every other Yelper states, the pho is to die for. If I feel the need to eat my feelings, I'll get the broken rice with beef and a sunshine egg. If you want to get out of control, you can get spring rolls (which are the jump off). 

Cash only, however there is an ATM outside. If you have a $20 on you, you'll leave with change. IT'S CHEAP! I don't think I've mentioned that.
Really cheap and really fast...almost too fast.  The service was gruff and curt.  We ordered our food, and both our spring rolls and our pho were on the table within 3 minutes (no exaggeration).  I wondered about the freshness since it arrived so quickly; they obviously don't cook to order.  But maybe their busy takeout business keeps them cooking everything all the time?  I don't know.  

The flavors were good.  Not outstanding, but adequate.  And the price was really good.
The closest good pho option to University City. Saigon on Walnut is too sweet and Pho Vietnam is just a tad far for an everyday walk.

I came here recently on one of those chilly fall nights, ready to be warmed up before the rest of my evening, and boy did it deliver. Steaming hot, tasty soup was in front of me within minutes and I chowed down without hesitation. 

As usual, the beef here isn't great, nor are the portion sizes, hence the loss of star, but everything else was spot on. The flavor of the broth was just right, not requiring me to add my usual spice. The noodles were a nice firm consistency and the overall experience was probably heightened by the contrast compared to the cold I had just left. 

Come here for fast service pho near University City and be prepared to warm up. Might want to grab a snack after though
it's getting late on a sunday night, a craving for pho kicked in, and i didn't want to trek out to the better pho places. options in west philly are slim. having tried one other place that's closer but wasn't in love with, i decided to give this place a try. ordering on the phone was easy. the man who took my order was nice and said my order would be ready right away. 

so i took my pup out and then decided to drive over there afterwards. i was able to find parking right in front of the place (this was pure luck because parking always sucks around these neck of the woods). 

i got there half an hour before they closed, and so i expected them to be empty. wrong. they were packed. the space is small but ok. if i am remembering correctly, they were able to accommodate around 30-35 people? anyways, i was greeted immediately by a woman and she rang me up for my order. in and out in less than 5 min. 

their portions are HUGE! two people can easily share one order of pho. the broth is good and they give you everything you need. their spring rolls were also good...so why only two stars? an hour or two of finishing the food, i started to get REALLY thirsty and a massive headache. at first i thought it was my allergies or just a headache so i took zyrtec and ibuprofen but they didn't help. the next morning i woke up still in pain and extremely thirsty. i got some coconut water to hydrate myself and took some more ibuprofen. in the middle of the next day, i finally realized why i was feeling so sick. it was the pho from this place. they must use msg and my body was reacting to it. now, i know there have been tests to prove that msg is not as bad as everyone had thought and most people don't even react to it...BUT clearly that is not the case for me. apparently i am VERY sensitive to msg...to the point that it took almost two days for me to get rehydrated and rid of my headache. 

safe to say, this won't be my go-to pho or any vietnamese food place really...
first place i had pho.  would definitely go back.  but, nothing to write home about.  don't like how early it closes.
My mover Andrew  raved about this place being his favorite Vietnamese in West Philly.....So I tried it last Friday night. It was a cold, cold night and the tea they served was soothing. 

Service was quick and the server let me ask a couple questions about the menu: rick stick is thin noodle, rice flake is wide noodle and broken rice is really just a rice dish, plus they have big bowls of pho aka soup.

I decided to get a shrimp spring roll for my appetizer and they brought it out ASAP, which is good because I was hungry! And not to much wait time for the entree which was Rice Flake with Tofu and Mixed Vegetables. The sauce, i thought, was nice and flavorful. The Veggies were plentiful and Tofu cooked just right.

They didn't rush me, as a stream of customers came to place take out orders and some sit down.. I finished my whole pot of tea before embarking on my walk home in the crisp, autumn air.

They have Vegetarian dishes.

A sign on window reminds the customer CASH ONLY.
I thought this was a cool place. I'm not actually sure I'd return. The pho was good and the bubble tea was fine. The prices weren't too expensive. I'd like this place to look cleaner!
Mango milkshake was nothing to write home about.
Bland and not so hot for veg options. I've given them a few shots and every time I'm disappointed by a soup whose broth tastes more like the Schuylkill than any pho I've ever had. Head for Vientienne instead.
Cafe Saigon is the kind of authentic bare-bones restaurant you'd expect to find in Chinatown. The ambiance is somewhere between cheap takeout joint and fast-food restroom, the tables & chairs are ugly, and all the melamine spoons & chopsticks are conveniently already on the table and take up half of it. 

That being said, the pho is everything I could hope for & more: a fragrant, delicious broth, abundant shrimp & pork, and the tastiest rice noodles nestled in the bottom of the bowl just waiting to be mixed in with a squirt of lime, a hot pepper slice or two, a soupcon of basil and a handful of sprouts. 

Having been here 3 times, I've eaten the same soup each time because it's too good to move on. The boy is a bit more adventurous and has tried two dishes. The dishes listed as rice flake are actually a fat rice noodle kind of like chow fun and have all manner of tasty pork bits atop. Delicious, but not enough to tempt me away from my pho for more than a forkful or two. 

I haven't had many of their drinks, and it seems like they're out of some of them every time, but I looooove the lychee drink. It's quite refreshing and the lychee fruit makes a nice, sweet treat.

This may not be a fancy date place or an ideal first date "gotta impress the lady with cloth napkins" kinda joint, but it's definitely a good place to grab an amazingly cheap and tasty meal. Two people can eat a healthy portion o' pho for under $20 (including tip). Add an appetizer and two fancy drinks and round the bill up to ~$30, and you've got yourself a fabulous food coma that's completely recession-friendly. And if you need some romance, bring your date some flowers with all that left-over money.
After a quick pick-me-up at the Green Line Cafe, we headed over to Pho & Cafe Saigon for something more substantial.  The gentleman who served us (quite likely the proprietor) told me that my initial choice of #17 was A-OK but thought that people tended to like the #9 even better.  I went for the #9.  The pho was exactly what I was hoping for -- lots of rich tastes with a generous amount of broth and noodles.  Lunch for two was $24 all in.

I tried to pay with a credit card but was told that the operation was "cash only" -- it was a lucky thing that I had some currency in my wallet.
Ahh so many memories associated with this place. My first meal outside of a dining hall was at Pho & Cafe Saigon my freshman year of college. Post partying, this place was our go to for hangover food. Every time I go back to Penn, I find myself here again and again.

To be honest, I haven't found a better bowl of pho in New York yet. I'm not sure if it's because I have so many memories attached to this little store in West Philly or what, but nothing seems to compare to the deliciousness of the broth and the tenderness of the beef.

I could never get enough of the pho tai here. It's just literally so good. The price is reasonable, and you can even ask for a large size which bumps the price up to around $11 or $12. Very, very, worth it. The noodles are perfect and the broth isn't too oily like it is at many pho places.

They have delicious bubble tea smoothies here as well. There are a lot of variety in the flavors you can choose. Seriously, where else would you be able to get a durian smoothie?

So why am I giving this place 3 stars? Honestly, I would give it 3.5 stars if I could. The food itself is great. The owner is actually extremely friendly. There are just some issues that I have with this place... Sanitation being one of them. There was a huge fly flying around once and it really bothered me that it was landing everywhere (bean sprouts included) and the owner didn't even make an attempt to wave the bug away. Another time, there was a bug in my soup (gross) and I asked to have the bowl of pho remade. They remade it, but I'm pretty sure they just took the noodles and beef in my initial bowl and moved it to a new bowl of broth. Sorry, but that doesn't really fix the issue completely...

Still, this is a pho place that I hold close to my heart and will visit again and again. Just be careful of bugs (mostly an issue in the warmer months, when the door to the restaurant is left open and bugs have easier access to the interior).

Note that this place is cash only as well, and I don't think they typically split the bill between guests at a table.
Believe it!!! Cafe Saigon is the real deal.  Once again PHO GA here. Most places use beef broth in their chicken soup...not here.  The broth is like the nectar of the gods...salty, delicious, clear chicken broth with chicken, scalliin, onion, rice noodles...add in sprouts, basil, jalape単o and u are hood.  Friendly atmosphere and cheap.  Say yo to Johnny if u go...
We had dinner here about a year ago and it was generally okay, edible food that wasn't particularly tasty or great in any way.

Bun w/ grilled lemongrass beef was so-so.

Broken rice w/ chargrilled pork, shredded pork, egg quiche was okay. Pork was dry and overcooked.  Quiche was fine.

Spring rolls were fine, not bad, nothing special.

I wouldn't make a point of returning but if I was craving Vietnamese food and in the area, I might go again.
New owners with a complete restaurant overhaul and different goals in mind: to serve the community during tough time the best they can and remain so after the pandemic. I've been there twice since their first day and witnessed the care and love being put in. Good pho, great coffee, friendly service, certainly a must-try in the area.
Reasonable prices, generous portion sizes, vegan options, and refreshing drinks! The coconut juice and salt & pepper tofu were my favorite. The food comes out fast and the staff are attentive.  We sat in the outside area with our dog and a staff member was kind enough to bring him water soon after we sat down. We will be back!
I came here and had the beef and beef tripe soup. The tripe was incredible, but the slices of beef weren't that great. And the broth was not good at all. However, my friend had the tofu with the curry in it and it had so much flavor. I wish I had actually gotten that. Don't focus too much on the service. The man who owns the place is brisk and not much for smiling. That's okay, because his food is alright.
Tried for the first time today during lunch.  They were doing renovations during the past few months of lockdown, so I was interested in trying once they re-opened.  seems like a nice family owned place.  Haven't tried the pho yet.  Got the vermicelli bowl with the grilled pork and a veggie spring roll.  Generous toppings including fresh basil and very fresh bean sprouts.  Pork was tender with good flavor.  They even included a free dessert with our order!  Really looking forward to more from this place while I live in the neighborhood.
So I've lived right near this place for over a year and have never gotten the chance to try it, and I LOVE Vietnamese food so I really wanted to see how it was. I'm not going to lie, it wasn't bad, the pho was good (wouldn't say amazing), but not bad. The spring rolls were pretty weak though, and didn't seem freshly made. The service was very quick though! 

Overall I would say that if you are in philly and looking for really good pho...go to Chinatown! And if you are in university city there are honestly way better places to get noodle bowls and Asian cuisine (some very good Korean food if you go a little closer to 40th street). Not saying I would never go back here, but definitely would not be my first choice. 

***warning: I went with a friend and she said she got food poisoning, I felt fine and we ordered the same thing, so not sure what happened.
pho is and always will be the perfect hangover cure. three stars for the fact that it's only 2 blocks away, which makes mornings after a night of heavy drinking that much easier to face. in this case, convenience trumps taste, as long as i have sriracha to add flavor to the soup base.

i always order pho ga (chicken) and it never fails me. most people order the rare steak pho, and i've heard from other people that it's decent here. i myself still prefer the chicken, even though the meat is dry. but honestly, the chicken is dry in almost every pho restaurant i've ever been to.

portion sizes here are decent. for the same price, i've had bigger and better. but on mornings when i don't wanna make the drive over to washington ave, this place will suffice.
Mediocre. The pho flavors were really lacking. The broth tasted really watered down. The meat was pretty meh. Overall, it was a pretty forgettable experience. This is probably the closest place in the area for pho but tbh I most likely won't return. They had outdoor heated seating which was nice. The indoor seating was too close for my comfort with tables set up back to back.
i love this place :) whenever I'm craving pho I come since the prices are decent and it's close enough to campus to walk! The owners are super nice, the portion is just large enough for me to finish, and the flavor of the pho is good (not the best I've ever had but not bad at all)! Prices of pho range from $8.25-$9.25 I believe.

Closed on Mondays and take cash only!
