A friend brings me the frozen pierogies from PK. Since they are fully cooked, simply defrost, brown some butter with sage leaves, throw in the pierogies for easy hearty buttery goodness. And you just cooked dinner! Or lunch. Or maybe breakfast. Amazing.

The pasta wrappings are the perfect thickness- not leaden or heavy, and also tender but not so wimpy that they leak. You have a wide variety of potato based fillings to choose from including the traditional potato-cheese (excellent) and the "fully loaded"- stuffed with cheese, chives, and plenty of smoky bacon bits (think baked potato), and dessert options like sweet potato, or blueberry.
I would have given the purveyor of these little pockets of Polish potato paradise a higher rating, but consistency has become an issue. As a neighbor of the Kitchen you can imagine the number of times laziness has pulled me down the block to score some pierogie action, and once they started offering sandwiches that amount just multiplied (which is how I began to notice the discrepancies). Come here and order just pierogies and you will always be happy (they deserve five stars), but ordering the stacker may leave you feeling very disappointed; many a sandwich has been served to me with super dry/ uber charred meat, and the extra grease only makes it worse. Still, I am much more happy living next to some Polaski eating than I ever was with the ice cream shop that dwelt there before it.

p.s.- very limited drink selection
I ordered the Philly cheese steak pierogies for lunch (platter for about $6.25?) and got half dozen of the spinach and jack cheese as well as broccoli potato cheddar to go. The Philly Cheese steak pierogies were made with onions and comes with a side of sour cream. They were good, but I thoroughly enjoyed the other two much more! I was advised to use butter in a pan to cook them at home, however I had no butter, and just used olive oil (only thing I had).. and it tasted great! I think I might have used coconut oil for the other one and it came out great too!  I definitely highly recommend Pierogie Kitchen. They have such a cute little shop. 

On the day I went though, I was the only person there, and I don't know if she was having a bad day or what, but she wasn't very friendly or personable at all. I felt as if I was interrupting her day or something. It's a good thing the pierogies were good because I don't think that's how they should be treating their customers.. At least be slightly nice. I really don't ask for much except not to feel like I am a burden to you. Despite that.. I still recommend them!
I am Polish and I know my pierogies. I bought about 20 packages of different flavors. I was so excited.
After trying two packages it all went into the trash can. 
Perhaps they are pierogies, but not Eastern European, for sure. 
Sorry to say but I won't be spending my money in there.
So far I found good pierogies with meat (my fave) and other with cheese in ardmore - European food Worx 
I hope they will continue to have them in stock They are delicious, but it's far for me so I can only go once a month and stock up...
I am certain they have unique pierogies.  Because of their reputation, I came with a group of four people from 60 miles away.  We got there right before they opened on a  Saturday to find a crowd of about 15 people waiting outside.  

Unfortunately, the whole crowd was very disappointed when they were all "sold out" of pierogies.  Normally they are supposed to have a large selection.  None of us, including the girls who worked there, had a clue why a bake shop would be "sold out" of them on a Saturday morning when they open.  I'm not a baker, but in all matter of common sense, I'd expect a business to get up early in the morning to bake more of them.  

Furthermore, most of us had Groupons that expire tomorrow.  We won't be using them.  Perhaps it had something to do with that.
its a good thing i waited till my last week in philly to discover pierogie kitchen, otherwise i'd probably be proper porker by now.

i had the PK stacker, which is grilled rye, sauerkraut, a kielbasa sausage and a potato cheese pierogie all layered. i ate this ten minutes ago. in about another fifteen i will likely be asleep underneath my desk.

when i lived in poland (bialystok) back in the day, my favorite thing about polish cuisine, besides the zytnia vodka, was the soups, and pierogie kitchen has 3 really nice homemade ones. (creamy mushroom, stuffed pepper, and french onion). not exactly what i ate in polska, even in the mleczko bars, but good nonetheless.

there were no old polish pani's for me to rock my polish with like i do when i visit greenpoint, but it was still awesome, and they sell frozen pierogies to go, which i won't be able to take advantage of because i don't even have pots or plates at my apartment anymore.
amazing and unique creations.  The menu keeps expanding too!  I wish I could make it here for lunch more often.

FYI, they now sell these pierogies in frozen form in the Roxborough Acme in the section that used to be fresh pasta.
Pierogie Kitchen is a small storefront on the corner of Roxborough and Henry ave with just a few tables outside. It doesn't look like much but they have an extensive list of their namesake, pierogies. From the basic potato and onion to the mushroom potato horseradish, there is a wide variety of pierogies on the menu. They also have several sandwiches that incorporate the pierogies.

On my last trip, my group got several orders of 6 to split. There is also an option to get a dozen of one flavor. Our selections included the herb/garlic/onion, Philly cheesesteak, buffalo chicken bleu cheese and sweet potato. My standout favorite was the buffalo chicken bleu cheese, however the Philly Cheesesteak was also stuffed and good. The sweet potato pierogie was the most unique pierogie I've had and I would certainly have it again. 

Authentic? I have no clue. Tasty? Absolutely!
Great place if you know what to expect.  This is a take-out joint - you can either bring your order home to cook or they can give it to you ready to go.  The staff seems kind of indifferent and the place looks like it's been under renovation for a quite a while. I didn't know that we couldn't dine in, so we ended up eating in the car. We may have also gone to the nearby CVS to get more sour cream...I admit nothing....

All that being said - wow.  Great pierogi.  My classic (potato/cheddar/onion) was fab and I was impressed by the variety offered in addition. We had a weird experience but they were so tasty I will definitely be back.
Ermaghered Beckys! These li'l crescents of comfort might put you in a temporary food coma, but that's only because food this well made and tasty should transport you to a happy place, where you float just above your body ... unbound by the limits of fitted clothes and carb counting.

I don't even know how I've lived this close for so long and have never popped in. It was probably the ghost of girl-you-know-you-is-prone-to-extreme-weight-gain future telling me not to tempt myself, but that's all done now! Popped in today for lunch with a friend and promptly took over the one li'l cafe table with two chairs. The place is tiny and perfunctory. Clearly people like to stuff their faces with pierogies in the comfort of their own homes and not in public.

Respect.

A lot of people call ahead for their lunch orders, and given that the deliciousness is made to order and the wait space is pretty small, you may want to do the same. The menu is awesome and pretty self-explanatory: get you some frozen delights to go home and warm and serve, or get 'em served hot. There are also soups and other fixin's my culturally adventurous self haven't explored yet (Borscht I'm looking at you), but I can proudly say that today I did try both the pierogies AND a sammich - I mean stacker, as they call 'em in the Kitchen.

YOU GUYS. I went in with my lips fixed on the devouring the original PK stacker, but Lawd! they were out of kielbasa. When I tell you that my spirit knows this sandwich is my destiny ... anyway, determined to wrap my mind around how you can put a pierogie on some bread with other ingredients, I ordered the spicy chicken stacker.

[WHEN IS YELP GONNA LET ME GIF Y'ALL WITH MY WHOLE LIFE?! Because I so desperately want to insert a damsel doing a wall slide + Fantasia Barrino punching the air (google gif it) + all the Klumps herculesing at the dinner table.] 

This mug came out piping hot with the carmelized onions, melted cheddar and bacon cascading off the chicken cutlets the way glacier bits be melting. :::slow motion for me, slow motion for me::: I'm all outta words to tell y'all how scrumdiddlyumptious this stacker/sammich was. Just bereft. You just gotta go one day when you extree hungry and get one for yourself.

The service is outstanding. Not only are the local regulars who pop in with their standing orders friendly and funny, but the staff is amazing. So sweet and accommodating and patient with people like me who don't know exactly how to place a to-go order for the warm and serve  deliciousness.

Like, now that I've been? I can say with my whole heart, that apart from them having operating hours that are just more convenient, I drove by the standing room only siege at Dalessandro's and just shook my head. Those hungry souls have no idea what they're missing just a few blocks up the street.
HUGE fan. Possibly HUGEST fan?

I've always complained that Philadelphia is a deadzone for pierogies! Originally from Berks county, pierogies have been one of my favorite foods for years.

If you can get out here, do it. They have some tables outside where you can enjoy your Original PK Stacker (kraut, farmer's cheese pierogies, kielbasa, mustard, on rye with babka for dessert). Sandwiches with pierogies? Who else is doing that?! The bf is a big fan of the spicy chicken stacker - and so are a lot of others, it has its own unaffiliated Facebook page. You might want to get it to go, though, as it could take some time to get through the whole sandwich! Savory and sizable!
Starches filled will starch and fat and fried in fat and topped with another fat?
Yes please.

It's hard to say no to European empanadas.

PRO:
-Sooo delicious. We had Potato & cheese, and Potato, Mushroom & horseradish. Both fried in butter and topped with onion along with sour cream. Holy smokes they are so good.

-Service with a smile. The young lady behind the counter was as pleasant as could be, despite our assuredly stupid questions and the fact that she was standing around a million degree building all day.

-Take away frozen pierogies!

-Really cute outdoor seating area.

CON:
-soooooo hot. It was early July and there was no AC. I was a sweaty little hoglet. But that's nothing compared to the poor people they had working there. I cannot imagine frying pierogies over a range in a room that's gotta be 100 degrees.

-They don't actually have every option listed on the website. They have a list of what's available when you walk in.
This restaurant has absolutely no right to be listed above Dallesandros on Yelp. We ordered pierogie's from here and once we got home with our takeout, my boyfriend found a piece of sharp metal in (it sliced his gums open). 

We called to let them know what happened (hoping they would look through the rest of their batch and figure out how metal got into their food) and they said "thanks for letting us know" and hung up. 

The nail(s) on the coffin? I walk my dog past this store nearly every day and I have seen any number of rodents running loose in the store while it's closed. Squirrels, chipmunks, raccoons, rats, I've seen them all inside. 

Gross.
I've been looking for a pierogi fix and had been meaning to visit this place since I moved to Philly several months ago. Only got a chance to visit recently. First off, note that this is more of a takeout joint. There is no indoor seating, but a few tables outside if the weather is good. I found that a bit unfortunate, as I visited on a hot day and definitely would have looked forward to some air conditioning. My other disappointment was that they don't have much of a selection of drinks at all if your goal is to eat in. Basically water and sparkling water. In an ideal world I'd be cracking open an ice cold Coca Cola with my pierogis, but hey, what can you do?

In terms of the main event - the pierogi. They were good. Certainly not the best I've ever had in my life, but they were still delicious. It is worth saying that in my opinion these pierogi were cooked perfectly. They onions were great, and the texture and browning on each pierogi was spot on, just like what you'd get if you were in Poland.

I opted for the cheddar, jalapeno and potato pierogi and found them quite tasty. Would have loved some more jalapeno in there to actually make them a tad spicy. Despite my spice preference, the taste was great, and my pierogi fix was achieved. Next time I visit I'll probably buy some of their frozen pierogi for take home cooking (although I will freely admit I won't be able to cook them to the perfection they do in house)
I have been wanting to try the Pierogie Kitchen for a while and I really wanted to love it.  My friend lives nearby so we made plans to get some dinner here on Friday night.

I drove an hour to my friend's house in Roxborough (rush hour on a Friday) and we arrived a little after 5.  I was disappointed to find out that the majority of the pierogies were already sold out.  I was really looking forward to trying a dessert piergoie but none were left.  

So I settled with a potato and kraut pierogie.  Don't get me wrong, it was a good pierogie- but I could get a flavor like that anywhere.  All the interesting flavors were already gone.  Perhaps if I lived closer and could make it here early in the day, I would have better luck.
Rarely do I find something in Philadelphia I think is better than anything I have had in New York, my most favorite place in the world, but Pierogie Kitchen is amazing.  The potato mushroom horseradish pierogies are the best I have ever had and this is after living in the Polish neighborhood of Greenpoint, Brooklyn for almost 3 years.

I brought home a bag of Kraut Kielbasa pierogies and he told me I am a fantastic wife.  He said they were "bombass."

I can't wait to go again next week.
Try the loaded baked potato - You will fall in love.  It seems that there is no bacon in it, but it has bacon flavor... I just ignored my kosher ways for a day :-\
I high recommend it - excellent.  Just as a note... This is a take out only type of place... There is a small table with two chairs inside but I'd advise planning on taking them to go... Maybe when it is warmer outside they will have tables outside, but its blizzard mode right now.
Pierogies are A+++ (Even my Polish friend agreed)
There is a complete lack of any Polish or Slavic food in the city line area, and this place is a welcome treat.  I was just going to get a half dozen pierogies, but decided on the PK Stacker...and I was certainly not disappointed.  

This thing is kielbasa, sauerkraut, potato pierogies, and spicy brown mustard on grilled rye - honestly what more could you ask for? It felt like home, I never would have thought of that combo before, especially in a sandwich, but anytime I need my eastern European fix, this place will absolutely satisfy it.

Also, there is no seating inside or tables outside and just street parking so plan accordingly... the sooner you can eat the sandwich the better so the bread doesn't get soggy, and you will probably get looks from cars as you sit in yours and scarf this thing down
I go to school around the corner from here so it's often I stop by to pick up a couple dozen pierogies. There are so many flavors - anything from traditional potato and cheese filling to cheesesteak to chocolate. I haven't tried one that I didn't like.

The pierogies are sold by the dozen, pre-cooked and frozen. I defrost the pierogies at home, sautee them in a pan with butter and onions, then serve hot with a side of sour cream and applesauce.

You can eat at Pierogie Kitchen if you can grab a spot at the 2 tables inside, but it's pretty clear they aren't focusing on having an eat-in restaurant.

The workers are super friendly and helpful. The reason I had to take a star off is because, although opening at 10 am, half their menu is usually gone by noon. I know the place and certain flavors are popular, but I feel they should compensate better for the demand.
Usually I have to go all the way to Port Richmond for pierogies, which is why The Pierogie Kitchen in Roxborough had been on my list for a while as a closer alternative.  Though I missed the Polish granny vibes you'd get in Port Richmond, it's a cute shop. It is really set up for take out purposes , which we didn't know going in. Far enough from home and too hungry to wait, we ate at the sole customer table anyway.  
 
 
The idea of a pierogie inside a sandwich was too decadent to pass up. Also, the Original Stacker sandwich comes with all the things you might want from a basic Polish meal, potato and cheddar pierogies, mustard, and  sauerkraut. For $7.50 this is a really filling sandwich with a fully stuffed pierogie on each sandwich half and an ample amount of flavorful smoked kielbasa. This sandwich packs in a real buttload of kraut, almost too much for me and I love the stuff. It's easy enough to scrape it to the side if need be.  Does a pierogie need to be in a sandwich? I wouldn't give that a definite yes, all of the ingredients could have been enjoyed separately but this was a cost efficient way to get a bit of everything. Plus,  if you value a more vertical meal, with a bit of everything in each bite, this is for you. 
 
Even with the small menu, there were a lot of items I wish I had room to try (Mushroom Potato Horseradish pierogie, borsht), so I'll have to come back. But I couldn't pass up on the Chocolate Ganache Pierogies. Though I wish the dough was a little sweeter to match, the hot, oozy chocolate was decedent. It even worked cold when I got hungry again a few hours later.
Much more than meets the eye.

OM nom nom. Wow, this place is great. I had a sauerkraut pierogie sandwich. Definitely more than enough kraut, but it was definitely perfection. The pierogie is definitely a cherry on top.

They also have tons of Polish bread which look oh so freaking delicious. I regret not getting one.

If you have ever dreamt of any type of pierogie, this place has them. The price is more than fair and everyone is very friendly!
Although the owner can have a bit of an attitude  (when asked about ingredients) the pierogies are beyond awesome!!
I ordered the Spicy Chicken Stacker for myself. The flavors were really good, however my chicken was very overcooked. That made it hard to eat because with every bite I had to pull really hard to separate it. Unfortunately this was my first time ordering a sandwich from here so my first impression of it isn't the best one. However, I would definitely try it again because of how good the flavors were.

My fiance got the original pk stacker which was on point! The kielbasa was cooked perfectly and the pierogie on top really set the sandwich off. I may order that for myself next time.

We also ordered a small plate of the honey siracha chicken pierogies. They were delicious! They were a little spicier than I thought they'd be, but the sour cream really helped to cut the spiciness. I definitely would get them again!
Brought 2 dozen cheese steak and a dozen buffalo chicken (everyone's favorite) to the fire house (work) on the night of the Super Bowl and everybody loved them. Everyone said better then you can find in Port Richmond. They were more expensive then i thought they'd be but they were a total hit, so price was forgotten about after. 
(Bought frozen and cooked at work)
I stopped here on the way home and picked up six freshly made pierogies to go. I live only a few minutes away and they were lukewarm at best. The center of the pierogies and the onions were cold. The onions were not caramelized...another minute or two in the pan and they probably would have been much better.

I got the jalapeño and cheese but there was only a hint of jalapeño...didn't even have a little bit of a kick (I understand that part is just my personal preference). 

Inside, there is a sign indicating that they are undergoing renovations. However, it seemed more like they stopped halfway through and never got around to finishing. There is no seating, the place could use a good dusting, and should probably wash the black tablecloth where they have baked goods for sale.

All of that said, I will probably be back. It is still a good value for when I want somewhere close by and don't feel like cooking at home.
All kinds of excellent pierogies!! They freeze great. If you want them to taste perfect. Boil them for a few minutes then sauté them in butter and onions. They sell some entrees but they tend to disappoint. Outside of going to Port Richmond this is a go to destination.
This is a tiny little place off of Henry but it has fantastic potato, cheddar, and onion pierogies.  I like to cook mine at home with a lot of onions so I usually just get them frozen.
Was referred to Pierogie Kitchen by a friend and it was well worth the trip.  The pierogies were tasty.  Then I tried a pierogie crepe which was devine.  Even took home some pierogies.
I pass this place often and to be honest never had any desire to try it. My family came into town and they really like pierogis. 

With COVID they had a different flow. You have to place an order in advance for fresh the lady said sometimes they are booked for 2 days in advance. We couldn't order any fresh but we were able to choose from a decent but smaller selection to take some home frozen. 

We got 4 packs of 12 a variety chicken Sriracha, Philly cheesesteak, jalapeño cheddar, and regular cheddar. They were fantastic. We put a tiny amount of butter in a pan. Cooked the already boiled then frozen pierogis and they were done in about 7-10 min. 

We loved them! I don't eat meat but my family loved the Philly cheesesteak. I personally loved the jalapeño cheddar there was just the perfect amount of kick. 

The price came out to about $1 a pierogi but totally worth it and we will defiantly be heading back. They also had fresh baked pound cake and desert which they must be known for there were cakes everywhere inside 

Also, it's not the nicest aesthetically, actually kind of dirty and dumpy but it's fits well in Roxborough.

Give them a try! Support local small businesses.
I am a Philadelphia (roxborough) native and I'm of Ukrainian origin.  I've been to the Pierogie Kitchen countless times since it's beginning, and I decided it's finally time to write a review because, seriously, these are by far the BEST PIEROGIES EVER. Philadelphia Magazine got it right when they awarded the Pierogie Kitchen "Best of Philly".

My (Ukrainian) grandmother always taught me that the key to a perfect pierogie is the dough- and their dough is PERFECT. Seriously. These are a Ukrainian delicacy , not Polish. Of the Ukrainian tradition, the dough is light and thin to highlight the fillings, contrary to the very heavy, too-doughy polish kind you'll find in the grocery store. I think that's why the Pierogie Kitchen's pierogies are soo good..the dough is the perfect texture.

And honestly, I don't know which kind is my favorite...the traditional Farmer's Cheese or the Philly Cheesesteak kind...or the broccoli cheddar- or maybe the Chocolate ganache (yes, I've tried almost all of them!). I had the Pierogie Kitchen cater a party I threw around the holidays and all of my guests RAVED about them. They had never seen Buffalo Chicken pierogies before and they couldn't get over it! Some of them even went to the store the next day so they could take a bag home! (and they went on and on about how friendly the staff was!)

If you've only ever eaten grocery-store Mrs.T's...I promise you that you'll never go back. These are THAT good. 

have i mentioned that they have both frozen (to take home and cook for your family), and HOT food? I think i've just talked myself into getting some for dinner tonight.
Family loves their perogie trays! We generally go for the Gritty tray with kalbasa! Freds the whole family with extra for lunch!
Gross just saw the Philly Inquirer article on their inspection. Keep this place closed!
Was pretty excited to try this place as it's really a niche store.  While I was waiting for my pickup order I over heard a customer saying inside that he usually likes his pierogies more crunchy.  The cashier behind the counter said we can make them that way if you request that.  I wish I had known otherwise I would have opted for that instead of the soggy, watery, boiled method. 

Couldn't pass up the kilbasa so got the some of that which was good with the kraut, nothing remarkable though, and then on the pierogi front got a dozen which were alright as well.  They seem to sell the "pierogie kitchen" pierogies in the local grocers freezer which would probably be the route I go next time.
AMAZING FOOD!!! This cannot be stressed enough. We stopped in hot and irritated, with the worst case of hangry...who knew a restaurant with a smiling pierogi mascot would be our salvation. We were met with a smile and a huge array of delicious options. We decided to try potato pancakes, cheesesteak pierogies, broccoli, cheddar, and onion pierogies, and their special of the day (a  homemade chicken salad which came with 2 blueberry pierogies on top, in a crescent roll, with apple horseradish coleslaw, and chips). Wow. It was absolutely delicious. Highly recommend....everything! I could go on and on, but I'm going to stop now...I still have some pierogies to devour! They give several eating options: take home frozen, heated and packaged to go, or you can dine in (there was only one table with 2 chairs inside, but there were some additional tables and chairs outside).
I'm a Pittsburgh native (and boy do we love our pierogies in pittsburgh!), but my favorite pierogies by far are from this little place in Philadelphia. The first time I ate there was when my fiancé insisted I try them. I fell in the with the buffalo chicken pierogie. What I crave most though is the PK Stacker!

I bug my fiancee to go to the Pierogie Kicthen everytime I am in town.
The pierogi skins are gossamer-thin and delicate. I think next time I will gently steam them and serve with melted butter and sour cream.  I'm kind of a traditionalist for potato and cheese variety.  Good quality products for very reasonable prices.
I have to admit that I not a huge pierogie fan....i like them, but not crazy about them.....but this place changed my views. I am ADDICTED to their spicy chicken sandwich....in my book, its the worlds BEST sandwich, its always a 'pick me up' when I am feeling down. Its made with a spicy grilled chicken, jalapeno pierogies, bacon, their special mayo, caramelized onions on their bread......its yuum yum yum and probably the best lunch you can buy under 7 dollars!!! Its also probably a gazillion calories and not very good for me....but boy is it good for me!! 
I live half a block away from this place and that is good and bad...( if you know what I mean) 
I take everyone who comes to visit me for lunch there and they all agree.
love it....only problem with this place is that they dont carry many drinks (if any sometimes) So its better to come with one or take it home. Also since they make their  p's evvery day, not all of them listed on their menu are available all the time.....but trust me....anyone of them is better than the other...so never a miss
LOVE IT!!!
in fact all this talk is making me hungry for one....gong to get one right now
I bought a Groupon for Pierogie Kitchen because my husband has Ukrainian heritage and is always whining for pierogies; I don't have the patience to make such things and I wanted to get him something better than Mrs. T's.
The Groupon was a large one, so it allowed me to get a few dozen frozen and a cooked order for lunch with just a little out of my pocket. 
Not sure if they made changes since 'Vega X' visited, or they were just there on a bad day, because my cooked pierogies were awesome (I got the Cheesesteak) - the caramelized onions were the icing on the cake.
I picked up some frozen from their "sweet" menu and when I asked for some of their sweet cream, she was kind enough to just tell me how to make it, which gave me more money to spend on pierogies :-)
I will definitely be back!!

Pierogie Kitchen:  If you are reading this, you need to put your contact info on your website, and you need to get yourself on FaceBook.  I am saying this as a customer that would love to see updates on FaceBook on what's available (so I can get my hands on some of those chocolate pierogies).
I am going to try to be as fair as I can (and usually am :) about this. I first went here in October following a Groupon, and I only took frozen pierogies home. They were out of most types, so I chose Jalapeno Cheddar Potato and Baked Potato flavors.

The frozen pierogies are quite good, no doubt about it. Although having said that, the Jalapeno Cheddar Potato have no Jalapenos in them, or perhaps technically have some but add next to nothing to the flavor. That was a disappointment. Still, I don't mind it. Potato-Cheddar-Onion is cheesy and has no semblance of onions in it. Spinach & Something is meh. 

I decided then to go to the place and try eating in, and my experience was hugely disappointing, to put it mildly. The reason I went to eat-in was to see how they serve the pierogies, and not being a connoisseur or long-time pierogie consumer myself, wanted to know how they serve it. And I came away thinking that in my tiny kitchen with minimal ingredients, I do a stunningly better job. Let me elaborate:

1. Yes the pierogies are cooked, but they're cooked poorly. They're sauted in butter, but its more like warmed up in a skillet than any measure of cooking. Perhaps that is how its supposed to be, but I find my own way of sauteing them such they're slightly browned much better! 

2. They're smothered in butter. Now, any chef will tell you that one way of making any food taste better is to smother it in butter or cheese. Why do these guys do that? The pierogies by themselves are flavorful, the butter adds volumes to making them seem spectacularly unhealthy. (I am sure the pierogies by themselves pack a punch, so I would urge them to hold the butter. If I were eating there again, which thankfully I won't be doing, I would make sure I tell them to hold the butter.)

3. The caramelized onions are a joke. Yes they're caramelized to the extent they've gone red, but there's nothing special about them at all - no pepper or seasoning, or anything that would make them a special companion. My disappointment was also that they give a tiny quantity of them. If you'd like me to order a side of caramelized onions so that you can make some more $$s off them, please don't claim that they're a legit companion. 

4. The mushroom soup had enough salt in it to compete with a KFC double-down. 

So what do I do different at home? (1) Roast them more, (2) Use olive oil instead of butter, (3) Help myself to more onions and also use cabbage. 

Anyway, I say take some frozen pierogies home with you, don't even think for one second about eating here. Price-wise, its a no-brainer as well. Do a better job at your home with the pierogies than these guys do and enjoy!
Absolutely delicious pierogis! It was also Easter weekend when I went in so they had some delicious cheese babka made. The only issue with is when you go in they usually are sold out or haven't made about half the flavors listed on the menu so don't get your hopes up on one certain flavor. If you really want something try and order the day before so they'll definitely have it.
Totally de-lish perogies. just go.  We had the chicken sandwich with jalepeno perogies and a plate of 6 perogies (3 stuffed potato and 3 meat and cheese).  Everything was just dripping with yummy taste and sauce, so satisfying!  This is mainly a take out joint so there is one small table with 2 chairs inside and one table with 4 chairs on their side deck.  It was hot inside and out but the deck seemed just a little more bearable (no AC inside, I feel for the workers!).  Also note that they are not open on Sunday or Monday.  The guys behind the counter were very nice.
I've only had pierogies once before coming here and was blown away by the quality! We got cheesesteak and mushroom pierogies, both sauted in onions, and both delicious! For about $9 per dozen, you can get a pretty good fill. 

Cons: theres only two tables inside, and can fit only about 5 people in the entire joint.
So mad... was totally looking forward to grabbing some pierogi from the Pierogi Kitchen at the Port Richmond festival. Waited an hour and fifteen minutes in line to find out that they SOLD OUT of pierogi and only had kielbasa. How do you go to a pierogi festival and sell out of pierogi. So disappointed.
Nothing super fancy or gourmet, just good quality pieriogie. They list 15 flavors or fillings on their menu/web site. Be sure to check the board or ask on phone for the seasonal offerings. They do offer take out. Easy place to call ahead and pick up an order on a night you don't feel like cooking. They accept credit cards.
I drive by this place all the time and finally went.  They may be the most perfect pierogies ever.  The selection is pretty amazing.  Both sweet and savory.  I think my favorites are still the traditional potato and cheese but the farmers cheese and mushroom ones are delicious as well.  I've also had the chocolate ganache and sweet potato ones.  I liked the chocolate ganache ones better.  The sweet potato ones confused me between sweet and savory too much.  Not sweet enough to be a dessert pierogie.

Can't wait to go back and try the other flavors.

Also - they have cheese babka and cinnamon babka.  Both are really good!
I love pierogies (my favorite school lunch growing up and favorite church festival treat) and finally got the chance to stop at the Pierogie Kitchen on National Pierogie Day. Due to COVID restrictions, they were taking orders by phone and at a little outdoor booth. I grabbed frozen packages of the potato cheddar, Philly cheesesteak, and savory pumpkin pierogies and a container of sauerkraut. We enjoyed the Philly cheesesteak pierogies same day, and the others in the following weeks. They're super easy to prepare (just thaw and pan fry) and absolutely delicious. I would have loved more filling in the Philly cheesesteak pierogies, but I know the dough would not have been able to support more- it was just so good! I will have to try their hot food next time.
I made an order online to be shipped and was charged $81 over a month ago, but never heard a peep. Whenever I call, no one picks up. I've used the online email link to find out what's happening, and no one has gotten back to me.
Pierogie Kitchen ripped me off.
Loved the pierogies. Many different types...traditional and gourmet. Small place. No seating. Take out only. Employees were very nice to talk to. Great overall.
This place is really cute. It's very small and somewhat of a hike getting to but definitely worth the trip. While they only had half of their inventory... (due to freezer issues) I still felt very satisfied with what I could get. My husband and I tried the loaded pierogies and the buffalo chicken pierogies and we got (frozen) potato and onion and garlic and herb pierogies to go. I like that fact that you can get these items to go and it only requires very simple cooking instructions. I look forward to making them. This place will forever be one of the many stops I make when I visit Philadelphia. I look forward to trying more flavors in the future.
From the reviews, I hyped myself up for a killer treat. I got an order of 6 pierogies for $5.62, three spinach-jack and three of the dessert chocolate ganache. The caramelized onions were delicious and the pierogies were good but not mind-blowing. Biggest complaint is how excessively oily they were. They were a bit overpriced as well.  Seems like just a good place to buy pre-made frozen pierogies where I can cook them myself at home.
While I have never actually gone inside the Pierogie Kitchen, my boyfriend frequently (at my request) brings me home pierogies for lunch and boy, do I LOVE them!

I love the Philly cheesesteak one the best (it comes with fried onions on the outside!), as well as the buffalo blue cheese and the garlic herb.

My boyfriend's favorite thing on the menu is a pierogie spicy chicken sandwich, which he eats because it's "manly".

We also got the frozen pierogies once and they cooked up great, I fried them and they were perfect. It's a great option for a weeknight meal, especially since they are not open past 6. 

I highly, highly recommend the Pierogie Kitchen!
Delicious pierogi and decent potato pancakes... which resembled South Asian potato fritters more than latkes, but tasty nonetheless! Would appreciate apple sauce with the potato pancakes though.

Definitely get some frozen pierogi to go!
Is this place still in business? Drove out here to find it closed. It's 2pm on Monday April 18th. 

Well not sure what happened on my first visit, but went back and got some great pierogis. Will definitely be back.
First of all, I need to preface that I'm not that big of a pierogie fan, so I'm definitely not a connoisseur of pierogies in any shape or form.  However, the pierogies here are definitely tasty and much much better than any ones you can buy at the local grocery store.  

The "stackers" or sandwiches with pierogies are where you really get your money's worth.  You get a large sandwich with a little bit of sour cream and sauerkraut that is enough to fill up anyone; the prices range from 6-8 dollars.  I highly recommend the PK stacker!

Pierogies are probably 6 out of 10.

Sandwiches are around a 7.5 out of 10.

(These scales are on an overall "good food in general" scale, not any specific scales).
I was very disappointed in this place. My family and i were all craving perogies. I decided to give the pk a try. I ordered your basic fried potato perogies for a quick family meal. Right away I was suspicious, their interpretation of fried is sauteing in tons of butter on an electric griddle. Mine is deep frying in oil. I though OK, let me give them the benifit of the doubt. Nope, I should of stuck with my gut feeling and just said nevermind. 

We were so looking forward to a nice warm crispy perogie with a delicious potato filling. Instead we were served a batch of soggy,grease dripping, semi tasty perogies. When I got them home just a few short blocks away my family  argued with me that they were not fried perogies.instead they insisted they were grease laiden pockets of mush.  Needless to say I opened up a box of miss P's and made the whole family happy, with warm crispy great tasting perogies. 

The dogs however enjoyed a dinner from the perogie kitchen....oh wait, at least  one of them did. the other one got sick n had the runs.
Had these for dinner! One of my friends bought different frozen ones and cooked them. I got a hot meal delivered because my friend is the best and I am being spoiled haha. 
But let's talk pierogies. The potato cheddar onion was pretty good, classic flavors. The broccoli cheddar one was a tad saltier for my liking but not too bad. The Maryland crab was good but I wish it wasn't mixed with other flavors, I wanted to taste the crab a little more. 
My favorite tho I have to say was the stuffed cabbage. It was so delicious. The cabbage was sweet with just a tad of bitterness and the pork stuffing was to die for. 
Overall I thought the place was okay. I do want to try more flavors since they sell many different kind. I also want to try and go buy them fresh and ready to eat just to compare to the frozen ones. 
And I am definitely coming back for the stuffed cabbage!
Great 'homemade ' pierogies. I ate in and had the potato cheddar ones. I felt bad, and they made sure that I was ok with them, since I couldn't finish them. They didn't have my first choice, but I was fine because that means that whatever you get is fresh and they aren't making tons of pierogies and freezing them for months! 

They are fresh and delicious. I will be back. They had nice browned onions and sour cream, just like Grandma would make, if she cooked!
I was in town for Philadelphia's first annual Cheesesteak Festival™ and came across the Pierogie Kitchen booth/truck. Let me tell you, I didn't expect this to be the best thing I shoved into my mouth all day!!! By time I made my way over there I was able to try two of their spectacular creations. The Philly Cheesteak pierogie that was sauteed with butter and onions, seved with sour cream was to die for. Seriously. I also had another one that was topped with a red sauce, I wouldn't call it salsa but equally as amazing. I fully intend on visiting again on my next trip to Philly. An absolute must stop when I'm in town for now on.
I attend Philadelphia University right down the road from this adorable blue building. However, after over a year of living so close I finally came by.

They have a broad selection of items to choose from including savory and sweet pierogies with a mixture of other tradition food like stuffed cabbage. Additionally, being a vegetarian they offer numerous options to decide from. The downside is they have a short supply on hand so they sell out of most items by afternoon. So, come early for the goodies! 

I ate and eggplant sandwich topped with farmer's cheese pierogies, diced tomatoes, Parmesan sauce, spinach, breaded eggplant, and provolone cheese on and kaiser roll. My mother had a spicy chicken sandwhich with chicken, jalapeño cheddar pierogies, bacon, melted cheddar, caramelized onions, garlic pepper mayo. The food was out of this world. We had a wonderful meal.

The only downsides are the lack of options due to sell out, how expensive some of the food is in comparison to the amount you get, and an unfortunate bug problem they seem have in the front of the store.
Pierogi bliss. This place is my lunch treat at work.  The only reason it's not 5 stars is because you never know what pierogies they'll have.  Some type of website with up-to-date pierogi selections might be great.
I loved this place... Pierogie's are amazing
Just dont like their hours because they close early but the food is good
I got buffalo chicken pierogie and ones with potato onions jalapeno.... loved it
DIDNOT GET A CHANCE TO TRY THEIR SANDWICHES.....yet


Cons: I wish this was a sit down place instead of takeout with 1 table to sit and eat. And their drinks/soda selection is limited
Absolutely amazing! I have been wanting to go here for a while and finally did! I got the Buffalo Blue Chicken pierogies! I love them...I will definitely be going back...I didn't know about all of the sandwiches either...those are on my list for next time! Rockin'!!!
During holidays you have to pre-order, but try them once, and you'll understand why they sell out. Nothing short of amazing.
This place is cute, but with one chair, it's not optimal to order food and wait for it.  I'd call ahead next time.  The soup I tasted a sample of (mushroom) was to die for - excellent!  My pirogues were a little mushy and some were even cold in the middle, which I didn't appreciate, but my friend's were cooked properly and quite good.  I didn't care for the kielbasa, although, again, my friend did.  I love the variety they offer, although they were out of many of the things I wanted the day I was there.  I'd definitely go back and give it another try because I want to love this place.  I will probably order something to take and cook at home with steak or chicken.  I'm not sure how dessert pirogues will be, but I'm intrigued.
First time eating perogies and tried their potato cheddar jalopeno and the sweet potato variaties. Dough was excellent! Well seasoned and pan fried to a nice crisp. Service was great as well, it has hot and humid but the server took his time explaining our options. They have the option to take home frozen perogies as well. Good spot overall, will recommend if you have a craving for potato dumplings.
excellent variety of artery-clogging deliciousness. all kinds of pierogies and pierogie sandwiches. however, not a fan of their thick potato pancake.
Miss this place! Always great food. Only reason cant give a 5 star is the always run out, and I had been going there close to four years, they never had the crab pierogies in!
The food, especially the perogies, is great.  Be warned though, not everything on the menu is always available.  These guys make the perogies by hand at home every day, and when they're out, they're out. We went for a late lunch one day and the selection was very limited.  Also, after the lunch rush, they had only one person working and he couldn't handle it alone - we waited about 30 minutes for a take out lunch, which is way too long in my opinion.
Don't know why I've never stopped here before but I will be going back very soon. Super awesome lunch, ate at a table outside (there are a few), and then took things home to eat later. All excellent and authentic.
Cute little place. I got the perogies with cheese and sauteed onions. They were on point
Amazing variety

Never been here before and passed by this place quite a few times. When I walked in I was surprised at how many varieties there were to choose from, but being from Philly I picked out the cheese steak pierogies and added some onions on top of it. 

Well all I can say is wow. This place is cool and my wife loved them. Check it out and see for yourself.
I tried two different pierogies, 6 for $7 each:
* Potato onion: classic, and I like that the texture inside is like a chunky mashed potato
* Savory pumpkin pierogies: this was the reason I came! I saw a sign in the window and I love pumpkin everything. It's not pumpkin spice flavor, but rather pumpkin and sage.

This place is small but cute. We took our food to go, but if you wanted to eat there, know there is only dining space outside. After we ordered, we saw them open their freezer next to the register and take out our pierogies, so that would probably explain why they were a little soggy while delicious. That's my only reason for giving 4 instead of 5 stars.
In the frozen section of my co-op I found 2 frozen bags of their pierogies - potato, cheddar and broccoli &  plain sauerkraut. As a Polish person, I had a pierogi or two in my life and as far as frozen pierogies go - these were the BEST! The dough was nice and thin. Generous stuffing inside. Delicious quick, easy to make lunch or dinner. Immediately I sent my husband to pick up their stuffed cabbage and more piergoies but they closed on Sunday. I cannot wait to get more of whatever they got.
What can I say that others haven't? It was fast and delicious! we've tried sandwiches, frozen, fresh to platters. You really can't go wrong!
They are the best!!! I bought 6 platters for a local precinct and they actually gave me a discount for helping the local police. Nice people and GREAT food!! The broccoli and cheese are incredible.
Best pierogis in the city! TRUST ME IVE HAD EM ALL. So many different types your head will be spinning like the exorcist girl. Staff is super friendly and they sell stocks pound cake so there ya go. If you don't like this place chances are you support kim jong un like that guy Jason G who left one star.
This is a cute local spot in Roxborough! There are a ton of pierogie options to try! And it's not just pierogie, there are salads, sandwiches, wraps  etc. I had Original PK stacker and it was delicious; the kielbasa was cooked well and the pierogie on top was a perfect touch! I also had a side of honey sriracha pierogi which were seriously amazing!!! Those are definitely a must try!! I wasn't a big fan of the apple, horseradish coleslaw that came with my sandwich-it was an odd mix of flavors. 

My fiancé tried the spicy chicken stacker. Unfortunately, the chicken was wayy over cooked which took away from the sandwich. I do think if the chicken wasn't so over cooked the sandwich would have been really good! I would definitely try it again in the future in hopes the chicken is cooked right! 

All in all, highly recommend trying this local gem!!
First, this review has nothing to do with their food, and everything to do with their service.   If you're like me, and would choose another place to have a pierogie based on service, then continue...

So...there is an annual hoagie fest in Port Richmond.  Let me describe this accurately...The line for a Pierogie was almost 1/4 mile long and they opened at 12pm.  It was super hot, sun beating down on everyone, and line moving at a snails pace.  They had 5 selections of Pierogis, 1 Kielbasa platter, and "wooder and soda".    The pierogi selection was sold out by 12:45pm.  The rest of their Pierogis (the main attraction) were sold out by 2:15pm.   I waited on line from 1:15pm.  Event hours are noon until 5pm.  

You would think they would tell people (who have been waiting over an hour on line...both hot and hungry) that they ran out of Pierogis, but no.  There was a sign up front when you get to their booth that they are sold out, however, that doesn't help when you can't see the sign from the herd of annoyed people waiting.

Total disappointment.  People were very upset that they waited a LONG time for the one thing they are "famous" for.   Wish they would have made an announcement after hearing constantly from upset people when they finally got to front of line.  

It's a Pierogie fest. Be prepared! They even said to me, "...You can go to their restaurant today (30 minutes away) if i wanted a pierogi....now why can't the restaurant bring the ingredients to the festival...there are 3 hours left?!?! 

Sweaty, hangry, confused, and annoyed.   If you want a great pierogi, try "Mom Moms Kitchen" in Port Richmond.   True neighborhood Pierogi heaven.  Ask for Serena, she was an excellent waitress.
I love to stop here and get authentic pierogis for my grandfather. He asked for prune filled once which I was surprised to find out they other during Christmas time. They have traditionally filled as well as modern/cultural options and I haven't tried one I haven't loved. Quick and easy to make at home. I haven't sit down at the location to eat being that I typically to take to for family  two hours away but I'm sure they're just as great.
Solid food. Poor customer service. I really want to give them more stars but I just spent 45 minutes sitting and waiting for a sandwich and a dozen pierogies to go. Were they busy? Maybe??....... But I only saw two people come in for called in/pick up orders. So, maybe they had a whole bunch of catering orders they were working on, who knows... All I know is that some explanation would have been nice. "Just a little longer, we have a lot of orders we're working on. Sorry about the wait"

I could have just gotten the frozen ones to go and gotten home and cooked them faster than they did!

I will probably not be returning to this location. I'd much rather buy their product from the Acme down the street. If I am really aching for a pierogie stacker sandwich, I'll buy the ingredients to make it myself... Because god knows it would be faster!
Best Pierogie in Philadelphia, hands down!!! The Philly cheese steak Pierogie is our favorite. Also, try the potato cakes with crab meat OMG  so freakin delicious!!!
Outstanding! Picked up a couple of dozen pierogies, both varieties were fantastic! My half Polish daughter was surprised by the extensive menu, which included potato pancakes, chacuterie (should be named chacuteriski though), stuffed cabbage, and all other Polska essentials. They even have a pierogie sundae, which sounds weird, but is made with chocolate-stuffed pierogies. Will try that the next time. Definitely worth a try for the variety of menu items!
So I can only review taking food to go (mainly frozen perogies). I have now visited twice while visiting a friend close by and have both times taken frozen perogies to go. This last trip I also grabbed a loaf of rye bread and some frozen potato pancakes (those have yet to be consumed). The rye bread was so fresh and great taste. Made for some great avocado toast for breakfast. I adore the sauerkraut perogies... so darn good. You let them slightly defrost and just sauté with butter... really awesome! Hoping to get some additional flavors and maybe prepared items next visit. Frozen Pierogies
I would give this spot 3.5 stars. I ordered the potato and cheddar pierogis with the fried pickles. The fried pickles were really good! I enjoyed the pierogis but the caramelized onions on top were too sweet, sort of tasted like too much wine was added. I'd come back to try more.
Ordered takeout- when I first looked at the menu- my friend and I got excited at all the options. 

We got the sandwich with kielbasa, sauerkraut, brown mustard, and a Pierogie. The Pierogie set we got had cheesesteak, baked potato, and Buffalo bleu. Finally- we ordered the fried pickles. The fried pickles were DELICIOUS!!  

The Pierogies were... mushy. The baked potato one was the best. They were realllllly just okay. 

The sandwich came with the mustard and sauerkraut on the side. The Pierogie was- you guessed it- mushy. The rest of the sandwich was tasty- but nothing im in a rush to try again. 

All in all- if I were with friends and they wanted food from here I'd give it another try- but I'm in no rush. It was really just okay. The pricing wasn't too bad- just wasn't as out of this world as I expected!
Great little Pierogie spot in a very convenient location. Food was good and very reasonably priced. Fast service. Highly recommend the ten  pierogie plate and choose a few different flavors. Only critiques would be that many of the options were "sold out" or " not in season". I definitely will continue to come back.
Good food and fast delivery.  Pierogies could have been a bit more crispy.  Cheesesteak pierogies are always a must at PK though.
Absolutely delicious.  We live in Collegeville and never take a trip to the city for any restaurant or food inquiry - but this place had to be visited.  The staff was excellent and our food was delicious.  Parking can be a problem, but so worth it.  We will be back.
