Wheewww I wasn't expecting the Spicy Garlic to be spicy. So many places call things " spicy" it turns out they only added a little paprika. Not this place... the Spicy Garlic is actually spicy. It could use a little more cheese though. I wasn't expecting it to be pretty much cheese-less.   

The Radicchio is really good. I love mushrooms and balsamic vinaigrette so this is perfect for me. It's bursting with flavor. I'm not entirely sure what I was eating.. I just keep shoveling it in my mouth. 

I love their crust. It's that coal oven texture and taste but the end of the crust is fluffy. Nice touch. 

Decently priced for what you get. I've only tried their food truck location. Apparently you can call ahead of time and they will get your pizza ready for you. All you have to do is pay and pick it up from their truck. 

I don't think I have ever seen a pizza food truck before.
I was very intrigued. Customer service was great.
Great pizzas, meatball sandwiches (when they have them) and friendly employees make Pitruco my favorite stand at Franklin Food Hall. The pizzas are thin crust and cooked to order and feature fresh bufala mozzarella and other high quality ingredients.
I contacted Pitruco about hosting a private event.  They were responsive and wonderful.  While my budget won't support it right now ($750 minimum for about 50 people at $15 per person), I will definitely consider them for future events. (The event I am having is for about 20-25 people only.)

If you are having a big graduation party or family reunion, it'd be so cool to have the Pitruco truck roll up and crank out fresh pies for your guests.

A gal's gotta dream...
Maybe some day Pitruco will come rolling up to MY driveway.
If the Pitruco pizza truck isn't magical, then I don't know what is. 

There's nothing like fresh, delicious, and affordable brick oven wood-fired pizza popping up all over town. The service is good and very fast (my pizza was ready in less than 10 mins from ordering). When you bite into this pizza, you can practically taste the tomato orchards. The dough and cheese are also very fresh and tasty. (You can see the guy tossing the dough inside the truck.) You definitely can't go wrong with their Margherita pizza. Pizzas with more toppings are only ~$1 more. While this is not going to be the cheapest lunch you'll get from a food truck, this is possibly the very best deal in the city for a delicious 11"-brick oven wood-fired pizza made from scratch. (You pay over $15 plus tax & tip for similar pizza at Nomad, Bufad, Pietro's, and Pizzeria Vetri.) 

Finding them can sometimes be tricky, but your best bet is to look at their Twitter page for updates. Right now, it seems they station themselves at LOVE Park every Monday. Center City folks, if that's not a good reason to look forward to Mondays, then I don't know what is.
As Pitruco's first paying customer (ever!) I feel obligated to write a review of their pizza. I tried the Neopolitan and was so amazed by the pizza that I had to take a picture of it. The crust was thin, a bit crisp and charred in spots. All of the ingredients were top notch including the tasty mozzarella, sweet tomato sauce, and fresh basil. And it was fast....my pizza was prepared from scratch and done in five minutes or less. What is so amazing (or odd?) is that this ranks as the best pie in town IMO, a little better than what they serve up at Zavino...and from a truck! So good in fact that I had to pick up a box somewhere else to take another pie home. They have other pizzas too featuring gourmet toppings like sopressata but none top out at more than $9 or so. They also have sodas and liters of San Pelligrino. The employees are super friendly and seem committed to the quality of their operation.
Are you a crust person? I'm not. But after devouring one slice of Pitruco's, crust and all, I momentarily regretted casting aside all my pizza crusts in the past...then I remembered that those crusts really did suck, but I'm not wasting ANY of these perfectly risen and crispy edges! Guys, this is some of the best pizza in town, right up there with Pizzeria Beddia but without the wait. 

I had the Spicy Garlic and Margherita on my last visit - FANTASTIC! This trip I went fancy, getting the Eggplant spruced up with garlic and hot pepper flakes. The whipped ricotta was amaaazing and balanced the hot pepper heat real nicely! Great ingredients is a must for good pizza, but getting the crust right takes it to another level, and these guys are masters. 

Great people, INCREDIBLE pizza dough, and fresh, quality toppings. I'd stop by everyday if they parked near me more often!
Don't be fooled by where the pizza is from. Yes, it is a truck but it's a truck with a wood-fired oven! If you find the truck near you, do yourself a favor and get a pizza pie. Most likely you will be joined by a line of happy people. 

I loved my Margherita pizza. Totally worth the $8! It tastes so fresh and the perfect amount of sauce is spread on the pizza. Every bite is just so right and balanced. I cannot wait to go back there and try another one!
The crust on this pizza is as good as getting hugged enough as a child.
FIRST OFF, PITRUCO PIZZA TRUCK = TRUTH.

i've had the distinct pleasure of trying each pizza on the menu.
and i can say without any hesitation that every single one is a slam run home dunk. 

i'm not going to bore you to death with my attempt at being a fancy food critic though. you're reading this because you want to know if you should go or not. so
go already. maybe start winning at life for a change (or, if you're one who is already prone to winning at life, simply add this truck to your ever-growing repertoire of rad places to eat in this fine city).

i could go on and on about how  the existence of a bright read truck that serves high-end, gourmet wood-fired pizza from a fucking truck at a really affordable price is blatant proof that philly is smack dab in the middle of a wondrous pizza renaissance, but i'll spare you.

i could rave about how INSANE it is that pitruco's margarita pie with buffalo mozz is only EIGHT dollars (which, as mentioned previously, is in fact insane, because you're going to pay about 4 - 6 dollars less than what a sit-down restaurant would charge. ol' stevesy starr and every other wood-fired pizza joint in this town could learn a thing or two from pitruco if they weren't busy building theme parks for rich people).

i could go into great detail about how raddiculous their raddichio pie with balsamic reduction is, or how their salame pie is slammin'. but i won't.

hell, i could write a paragraph or three about how pitruco's eggplant pie with fresh ricotta is a total gamechanger. but i'm not in the mood.

if i was up to it, i could talk in depth about how their cheapest item - the spicy garlic pie for $6.50 (pecorino added for no extra charge) is perhaps their best, and how i can't think of a better value from a foodtruck anywhere else in the city - and for under 7 bucks no less. but i'm not up to it.

i'm not going to talk about any of those things.

whatever happens to strike your fancy on the menu, you'll be pleased to know you're spending at least 5 - 10 dollars LESS than you would at some fancy sit-down place, with equal-to if not BETTER results (on account of all the humans inside the truck being really awesome people and super fun to talk to). 

which brings me to my main point of this short little review: every person involved in this truck seems to be fantastic humans. through and through. so much so that they even let me and my buddies hang out inside their truck while they closed down the for the night. we talked pizza. we talked life. we had one somebody watching from afar might call 'building a community'.

they get it.

hopefully you will, too.

the pizza gods will be pleased.
This is what happens when a concept achieves its ultimate destiny. A pizza oven in a truck is something that mankind has wanted since we climbed from the primordial ooze, shed our scales, and learned how to make pizza(and then kill our fellow man for pizza).

For the price, you get a nice helping of pizza and I can't get into how well disciplined the sauces/toppings are. The spicy garlic is awesome. The margherita is awesome. If I end up in this area around lunchtime and find that Pitruco Pizza isn't around, I furiously go get lunch at another high quality establishment!
- TIP:  Try the Radicchio pie.  Very unique to them.  Also, their ending hours in the evening are variable, so it's a good idea to check ahead.  Or even order ahead (which I typically do).

- CON:  Nothing glaring, except the disappointment that can come up when they have to take a day off due to weather.

- BOTTOM LINE:   Great pizza for less than what you'd pay for a similar pie at Nomad or Pizzeria Vetri.  Trust the truck.
What can I say about this pizza other than its delicious. Everything is made to order so, there is a bit of a wait, but that's not even horrible. These guys work pretty efficiently. But if you're in a rush call ahead to avoid the wait time. 

I got the sausage pizza and it was so tasty. Perfectly seasoned. The crust is thin and crispy (just the way pizza crust should be).
Average .  Really a 2.7  .
I'm glad I saved money by going to the truck  instead of the brick and mortar location .  The brick and mortar location located at 3401 will cost you almost double FYI. Ordered two pies which came out to be about $18 . The spicy pizza really wasn't that spicy and was just unmemorable . The white pie had this weird sweetness . I think it was due to the beschamel sauce . It just doesn't work in my opinion on a pie . The Crust for both pies were  soggy . Maybe I'm just not into this style of pizza . But yeah I won't be returning .  Sad this place turned out to be hype .
This is probably my favorite food truck ever. It's truly excellent wood-fired pizza, perfect in every way, so the fact that it came from a food truck is pretty amazing. Considering they make each pizza from scratch, it really wasn't that a long a wait, either. I love watching all the different pizzas as they go into the oven, with their beautiful blobs of fresh buffalo mozzarella or ricotta. The first pizza I ordered was their seasonal "harvest pie" - butternut squash, double smoked bacon, bechamel, carmelized onion, and sage. It was wonderful, and I love that they found a way to put some of those autumn ingredients on a pizza. I look forward to seeing more seasonal variations throughout the year. After one visit, I was hooked, so the second time I tried their radicchio pizza, which was also excellent. My companion got the salame pizza, which was just picture perfect. On top of the delicious pizzas, I think this is also the friendliest customer service I've gotten from a food truck. I feel strangely loyal to Pitruco in a way I don't with other vendors, and I feel like I'll end up stopping by whenever they're at Drexel.
This is the best pizza u can get especially on a truck. They got the wood burning oven on the truck. No joke! It's awesome. Thin but fresh and yummy! It's neck and shoulder with New York pizza. 

Only takes like 5-10 mins. So fast so good. Just need to chase them down when you want a nice pizza! 

Anyone how to know where they are? Let me know please
I had the Soppressata and it was delicious. Wonderful balance of sauce, meat and cheese. The specialty pizzas can get a little pricey. The truck comes by the Drexel campus on Thursdays. I consider this place a nice treat for myself as I usually don't spend 10 to 12 bucks on lunch. This is high quality pizza.
It can be difficult to determine how heavily to rely on Yelpers for food reviews. There's the common complaint from the anti-Yelp faction that its scribes are a woeful pocket of mouth breathers complaining about what they know nothing of, and its broad stroke generality aside, has at least some truth to it. But there's an even broader, more accurate way to determine the validity of someone's reviews: they actively dislike Pitruco.

You, sir or mad'am, are a fool with distinction. When hot dog stuffed crust pizza came out, you shrugged your shoulders and said "makes sense." You even like the new Domino's. I wish nothing but an eternity of biting into pizzas too soon and the burnt roof tops that ensue if you can't pick up what Pitruco's dishing out.

Nearly translucent garlic slices dot the spicy garlic pie ($8) and almost liquify. The middle of the pizza doesn't wilt into a soggy mess, which speaks to the balance in ingredients the owners find.

The Soppressata ($10.50), with tomato sauce, pancetta, soppressata, onion, mozzarella, and onion might be the best of the lot. Soppressata is a saltier taste than pepperoni, and infinitely more interesting. Tear drop sized heat blisters tattoo the crust with smokey flavor and it makes those last sauceless, toppingless bites incredible. It tastes and chews like fresh baked bread. Can you ask more out of crust than that?

The weather is turning in Philadelphia and so is your luck: find them on Twitter and you'll find some of the best pizza in the city.
Yummmm, just tried Pitruco's Salame pizza (sopressata, pancetta, mozzarella, onion) and it is amazing!  I got there slightly before noon and it wasn't too crowded yet.  The cook time was maybe 5 minutes or so.  The salame was salty from the meats but the sauce is sweet and the onions are cooked down and soft.  It's a great balance of flavors.  The mozzarella are in lumps and not shredded.  

The no box thing...it's a bit strange.  Unfortunately for me, I had a longer walk back to the office so by the time I got back, the pizza was cold (but still good!)  It's also a bit awkward carrying a pizza out in the open like that back into the office.  It's good for Pitruco because everyone kept commenting on how good it looks.  Happy to advertise for you Pitruco, keep the wood burning!
All pizzas are delicious. My all time fav is Eggplant with Ricotta. They are usually in University City but they do come to Love Park sometimes. You got to try the pizza to know how delicious they are!!!!!
Unimpressed. Paid over $10 for dough with equivalent of two tablespoons of sauce on top. The sauce was flavorful but there was not really anything that stood out for me about this pizza. The staff was friendly but doubt we will opt for this again.
We stopped by Franklin's Table yesterday for a quick lunch. The best thing there is Pitruco Pizza - I will dream of that eggplant pizza and its AH-MAZING sauce! One of the top 3 pizza's in my life! We were there about 15 minutes in total and got a $50 parking ticket - thought we had parked in 2 hour parking, but apparently not.
It wasn't until recently that it occurred to me how a pizza truck could work.  Finally, after eating at Pitrucco, my question was answered.  These guys and gals are killin it.

The truck is very fun, bright red and you can see inside that the prep area is clean and not a friggin madhouse (like some other trucks)  They move with elegance and their focus is simplicity and proper execution.  The wood burning stove off the back of the truck further illustrates smart design on their part.  Keep the crazy heat outside, dress it up and make it one of the draws to your truck.  Pretty clever.

The pies themselves certainly deliver.  When you order, a dough ball is taken out, stretched in front of you, topped while sitting on the pizza peel and baked in front of you.  They have a nice tile logo at the entrance of their oven with their name embossed on it.  It's about 7 minutes to pizza heaven from this point.

The crust comes out charred but not burnt.  The toppings are placed precisely to enhance their awesome dough and not detract from it.  There are no slippery pies here my friends, just solid execution (both at night market and love park lunch hour)  In pressure situations, they keep their cool.

Vegans rejoice, their dough is vegan and I'm sure they would make the spicy garlic for you minus the pecorino.  For the carnivorous, you can get the sopressata or the sausage or one of the other offerings to satisfy your tastebuds.  For me, the margherita does it each time.  Something about that fresh mozzarella and basil just brings me to my happy place.

So basically, you should check them out, if only to see yet another wonderful offering in the world of great Philadelphia pizza.
Ohhhh ho ho ho... thank you Pitruco Pizza. I feel like I haven't had a decent pizza in years. It's an exaggeration but, put beschamel on a pizza and I forget I ever ate pizza before. This place was delicious and reasonable in price. The food was quick, piping hot and uh-maze-ing.

It's a good thing this place isn't closer to my office because I would be as big as a house. 

If you see this truck... follow it! You will not be disappointed.
The idea of pizza via food truck has fascinated me for a long time. Luckily yesterday I was able to  have Pitruco for the second time. My first experience was at the night market, when I dragged Clay straight from the trolley past all the other vendors so I could finally get some of their pizza before the line was out of control. After a 10 minute wait (the line got long quick after us) we placed our orders for half margarita half salami and were quickly handed our pies. I was little disappointed they were only offering two varieties but it is totally understandable for that type of event. And the speed at which the cook the pies really makes it some of the best food at the event. The crust on the Pitruco pizza is perfection. Definitely one of the best in Philly. The toppings are minimal in a good way as well. 

Yesterday I was lucky enough to try the famed Spicy Garlic I have been hearing so much about. We went for the additional cheese at no cost and I urge you do to the same. It was phenomenal. The thinly sliced garlic and loads of red pepper really make a great pie. The crust again was outstanding and this time there was no wait. At $6.50 this is definitely the deal of the century because I found it to be enough to split.  Now if only I worked downtown and could indulge on a regular basis.
Had a solid pizza when they were at Ten7 Brewing last night. Thin crust with charred, chewy edges, generous basil and mozz. I prefer a zestier sauce but that's just my personal preference. It was still a delicious accompaniment to the beer.
Still some of my favorite pizza in Philly!! Tried the spicy garlic and it was so good! Found them tonight in Fairmount behind the penitentiary and they said they are usually there on Tuesday nights until 8!
My day = made, thanks mostly to the discovery of this unique food truck near my new office building. After hearing some glowing reviews from friends, I checked out Pitruco Pizza's twitter feed to see which days they parked around 34th and Market. Looking at their website, I was shocked at the large amount of ground this truck covers. These guys hustle hard; their truck is open for lunch AND dinner most days, and can be found at Love Park, Drexel's Campus, the Navy Yard, Bella Vista, 30th street station, and more. The hard work and dedication shows through in so many ways, from their friendly and helpful demeanor to the truck's organized and spotless interior.

It's pretty amazing to see gourmet quality pizza cranked out in ~5 minutes for around 10 bucks. The ingredients are fresh and harmonious, and the textures are on point. Their margherita pizza is one of the best I've eaten. You can really taste their dedication to simplicity and perfection. I don't know exactly what they do to make the pizza quite so amazing, but I suspect it's the high quality of their ingredients. The mozzarella is so chewy and fresh, it's ridiculous. The sauce is light and sweet, just the way I like it. Although I like to indulge in dairy from time to time, the dough here is apparently vegan so I'm sure they could whip up a tasty tomato pie as well.
I am very very disappointed in this pizza. It looks great and smells great, but unfortunately it did not taste great. Definitely did not taste as good as it smells. The pizzas were ultimately a salt lick. 

We got two mushroom pizzas (could have done without the scallions). They were generous with the fresh mushroom toppings, but really all we tasted was salt, salt, and more salt. The amount of salt put into these pizzas overpowered the taste of everything else. My boyfriend thought the same and he loves salt. Actually, he was the first one to say it's too salty so that should mean something. I usually don't say anything because I know I'm an outlier when it comes to salt tolerance. 

I got my other friend a pepperoni pizza as a thank you dinner for picking me up for our road trip and he only had a slice and a half and never ate the rest. :-(

Smaller slices would have also been nice (eighths vs quarters).

For the cost of these pizzas, I was hoping they would be as good as Nomad or delicious enough for you to want to go back.
Had a chance to try Pitruco Pizza while they were at the Navy Yard.  First of all, they get mad props for coming down to the Navy Yard- we are in desperate need of new food options down there.  Thanks guys!

In order to properly review Pitruco, I'd have to compare it to other pizza food trucks.  However, this is the first pizza food truck I've ever eaten at, so I thought about what would make the ultimate pizza food truck.  That would be good price, variety of toppings, quality of the pizzas, and service.

Price, in my opinion, was pretty darn good.  I got the spicy garlic and it was $6.50.   The most expensive one was about $10.  Most pizza places in the city will charge much more for the same size pizza.

Variety of toppings was OK.  There weren't too too many options, but you can't have supplies for 15 different pizzas on a truck, so that was ok in my opinion.  Plus, I would have eaten any of the pizzas offered.

Quality of the pizzas.  This is where they lose a half star.  I felt like the dough was really really good, but the toppings themselves were meh.  This pizza had slices of raw garlic- it would have been much tastier with some roasted garlic instead.  Also, the middle of my pizza was cold :/  They may have been rushed (see service comment below)

So the service was a bit slow.  BUT its because they bake every pizza to order.  Which is frickin awesome.  But it is also a pain if you get an hour for lunch and you are waiting for your lunch for 50 minutes of that hour.  So I had to deduct a half star for this.  Not sure how they could change this to make the orders come out more quickly, without compromising quality, but just be aware if you come here, you may be waiting for a while for your food.

Overall, I really like the pizza food truck concept and the price is right for the quality of the pizzas.  Just make sure you aren't just trying to grab a quick bite to eat- may take a while for your freshly baked pizza!
Call ahead or else you'll wait 30 plus minutes for your pizza.  However...so worth the wait.

Not only is it $9 - $11 for your very own, very filling personal pizza (depending on the type you get), but it's gourmet and freshly made from scratch upon ordering and chock full of fresh ingredients.

I've tried the Margherita, the sausage, and the "special" of the day on Tuesday last week which happened to be chorizo meatballs & basil.  All were delicious, though so far I've gotta say the sausage with the mushrooms and mystery white sauce was by far the best.  I can't wait to try the others on the menu.

Will definitely be back.  Bonus: they take debit/credit.  I can't tell you how awesome it is that food trucks are getting on board with the whole not everyone having cash in their pockets thing.
My favorite slice of pizza in Philly.

Imagine this and then close your eyes:

Basil-plumed red sauce topped with sweet clouds of Italian bufala mozzarella fresh out of a 900 degrees wood burning oven inside a food truck.

I was lucky enough to experience this life changing event when I went to the night market in South Philly several months ago.  

Best pizza (Margarita Pizza) I ever had. It was that good.  Amazing, amazing, amazing!! 

An authentic Valoriani oven..inside a food truck! They're operated by a couple of childhood friends from Germantown. One has a PhD from Harvard and the other was a former tennis pro. What a dynamic duo!

For $8 a pie, Pitruco has the best pizza in Philly. Please go please go if you love good pizzas.
Stopped by this food truck for the first time today because it was near my office building and I was in the mood for pizza. A bit of a wait but wasn't too bad. Pizza was a good lunch portion size, although I saved one of the slices. I got the margarita. Typical margarita pizza. Very tasty. Surprisingly how wonderful the pizza is made in a truck! Can't wait to try the other options.
Who thought such amazing pizza could come out of a pizza truck.  It blows my mind that this is a mobile wood fired pizza oven.  The truck itself is a sight to be seen.
 
Pitrucco parks itself outside my sister and brother-in-laws place on Thursday evenings and they ofter share a pizza for dinner.  They have been raving about it for months so I have been hoping to try it.  
 
On a recent Thursday, I found myself having to pick them up from work.  My reward- Pitruco pizza.  The menu included about 8 different pizzas. We picked the eggplant and riccota.  It. Was. Amazing!  We each had one huge slice and split the last 3-ways.  I thought it was well worth the $8.  I think the most expensive was $10  

The pizza itself had a wonderfuly thin crust, with just the right amount of char.  The edge was chewy and delightful.  The big dollops of ricotta were smooth and creamy - there was the perfect amount of toppings.  

Their menu is online - im not sure if they change it at all depending on the season.  You can even call the truck and place an order - then walk down and pick it up when its ready.  

Definitly looking forward to another Pitruco's night at their house!
It seems like everywhere I go in Philadelphia, there's Pitruco. I'm honestly pretty curious how they can be ten places at the same time, with just one truck, but then I'm thinking maybe just "great minds think alike"! You can be guaranteed to see them at the Night Markets, hot concerts, and food truck line-ups all over Philly. 

The pizzas are good: made with fresh ingredients, made fresh for you! I haven't had a pizza from Pitruco that I didn't like - but then again, I've had better. The portions are adequate for one individual meal, but for the price, I might expect a little more.
I went to this food truck on a very hot day at Love Park. 
I had an hour between appointments. 
They delivered up a freshly wood fired pizza in short order. 
I was surprised at the size of the pizza. It could easily be shared by two people. 

I was struck by the tangy tomato sauce. It was unlike any pizza I've had before. 
I had a Prosciutto pizza. It had fresh onions in it and I mean fresh. They were delicious. 
The prosciutto was ample sized and very flavorful.  
The pizza came out steaming hot as well. 
The crust was thin and crispy. It had plenty of flavor. 

I loved the pizza and would gladly eat there again if I see the truck.
I stopped by Love Park this afternoon to try out Pitruco Pizza. Let's just get this out of the way early-- who wouldn't be impressed by a truck with a woodfire oven built into it? The combination of flames and motor vehicles is usually not a good thing, but for Pitruco it added up to deliciousness. There was no wait around 12:30 when I ordered a Sausage and Mushroom pizza. I could see the crew making it fresh in the back and sliding it into the oven. The wait time went by fast (maybe 5-7 minutes) but the pizza was cooked to perfection. The dough was fresh and delicious and I was impressed with the quality of the large sausage chunks. The caramelized onions gave the pizza a sweet flavor that brought everything together. 

Finally, I thought the price and the size were a good bargain for a food truck. I've found that I easily spend $10 at other gourmet trucks that happen by Love Park and am still hungry afterwards, but the Pitruco personal sized pizza was perfect for lunch and only $8.50.
I must of had a bad experience or maybe I know what wood fire pizza should taste like. It is also cool seeing a huge jar of pre-peeled garlic... that's how the italians do it right?
This is the pizza I've been searching for since I moved to Philly. Thank you Pitruco's!!! If you are looking for the Classic New-york style pizza, this is it!

The crust, oh that crust! Crispy and charred on the outside, yet moist, chewy and poufy on the inside! The toppings bring it home- the sauce is tangy and the basil flavorful (although I wish they were more generous with the basil leaves). I got the Margharita/Spicy Garlic pizza, and it was perfection. 
The best part: I love that this gourmet-style pizza is affordable- $9-10 range per pizza. I need to figure out if they will deliver large orders, cause they have a new fan! 
Tip: Check out their twitter page for updates on their daily location, although typically they are on 34th and Market St. for lunch on weekdays.
GREAT pizza! Wait was not short (~20 min) around noon in Love Park, but it was totally worth it and my order was taken promptly, it was just busy. Pizza was handed off to me in a box immediately from the oven, and it was fantastic. I had the eggplant and ricotta pizza ($8) because a friend recommended it, and it was so good! I don't even like eggplant! The crust was very thin, but didn't capsize with the toppings, and had a great flavor and rise.
I hope this little truck stays in business for a long time!
Found this food truck roaming in Graduate Hospital one night. Loved the margherita pizza! Fresh ingredients, crispy crust with good integrity, and tons of herbs to add flavor!

This is one of the best pizzas I've had in philly and it surprisingly came from a food truck!
This pizza truck is delicious.

The wood fired oven give the crust an amazing crunch. 
some of the flavors sound a little unconventional but they're in fact scrumptious!!
give it a shot, you wont be disappointed.. At $9, its a little more than i like to spend on lunch,  but its big enough to share
Pitrucco pizza is delicious!  I am so happy they decided to join the food truck area at Love Park on certain weekdays.  I went yesterday around 11:40AM as to avoid lines.  It worked because we just walked up to the counter and ordered.  

I ordered the eggplant pizza.  It is slightly pricey at $8, but then when you consider what you are getting for the money, it's all good.  You get a personal sized pizza that will fill you up for lunch.  The dough/crust is perfect, fluffy around the edges and crispy on the bottom.  The ingredients are fresh and delicious.  

I actually like that they don't give you a box.  There definitely needs to be less unnecessary packaging in the world.  Plus you can start eating it on your way back to the office!   :)   The service is friendly and fast and you have to give them points for innovation - the brick oven on a truck!  

I will be back to try all of the non-meat pizza varieties soon.
I've tried Pitruco twice and have had the Margherita and the Sausage pie.

For the fact that this is a food truck and at the ~$10 price point, this is amazing pizza. I've yet to try the newly-opened Pizzeria Vetri, but based on past experience with Nomad and Stella this is a contender for best Neapolitan pizza in the city. Now if you're a Neapolitan aficionado and have tried some of the best places in the country, then you are not going to be blown away here. But again, given that this pizza is coming from a truck, costs only ~$10, and is in Philadelphia where great pizza is still sparse (though the pizza scene is rapidly improving!), Pitruco definitely deserves five stars.

One issue, at least with their Drexel location - finding somewhere to eat your pie. A Neapolitan pizza doesn't last longer than a few minutes in a cardboard box, unfortunately, before the crust suffers. The second time I walked about five minutes with my sausage pie in the box and the crust definitely was not as good as the first time. In addition I did find the sausage pie to be a bit "gloopy" and heavy, and felt it was a bit underseasoned, but the flavor combo with the mushrooms and sausage is still very good.

For the margherita I recall the sauce being a bit overly salty and I found the flavor of the cheese to be disappointing. Usually Mozzarella di Bufala has a strong flavor compared to cow's milk mozzarella, but I didn't notice that here.

Again, though, this is excellent pizza and you aren't going to do better for lunch in U-City. Highly recommended.
Twas an impromptu pizza night a Thursday night ago. My husband and I drove by 10th and Fitzwater and noticed a pretty red pizza truck. We where both intrigued so we parked right behind the red beauty and got out to see what she had to offer our hungry taste buds. 

The aroma of their wood fired oven was tantalizing! Spicy garlic, margherita, eggplant, sausage, soppressata, and radicchio where our choices. We went with the margherita which consisted of tomato sauce, buffalo mozzarella and basil. 3 simple ingredients but so much flavor! The crust was amazing! The wood fire oven definitely makes it unique. Our pizza was kind of small so if you are really hungry you can totally eat a whole one by yourself. They are pretty small and cut into 4 slices. Since we loved it so much we decided to try another one. (I know. How greedy of us! lol) This time we went with the sausage pizza and OMG! The sauce was a bechamel sauce (white sauce) with caramelized onions, roasted mushrooms, pecorino cheese and sausage! It was a hit! Go try one right now!!! 

All in all I really loved the service, the truck and of course, the amazing pizza!
WORTH EVERY PENNY. The eggplant (my favorite) is a delicious array of flavors so fresh, it tastes like they just jumped off the boat from Italy. The portions are a bit large, but if you split it between a friend, or save some for later, it's the perfect grab and go meal. However, don't be afraid to stick around for a chat. The Pitruco guys (and girl) are some of the most down-to-earth Philadelphian's I've met, and always offer a friendly face and good conversation. BEST PIZZA IN PHILLY.
Throwing a wood fired oven into a truck seems like a crazy idea. You'd think the truck would be as hot as the oven, right? Well, maybe it is, but the pizza that comes from this truck is dope.

I have had the sausage pie and the spicy red pie.

The crust is amazing. The toppings are great. The serving is pretty much perfect for one person. The people are nice. It is reasonably quick considering it is pizza...

It should be noted that this truck goes to 33rd and Arch on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Give it a try.
I was super excited to treat myself to pitrucos pizza since I've heard lots of good things and I love me some pizza. I got a half eggplant, half sopressata and a sausage. The eggplant half was so salty I could barely taste the eggplant. In half the pizza, I think I tasted the eggplant once, so overpowering was the saltiness. Sopressata half was okay. Sausage was good. However, the pizza didnt seem to agree with me. Also, since this was the only thing I ate for dinner, I can safely assume it was the pizza.

Overall I'm glad I tried it, if only to really appreciate the decent pies I can get other places in the city.
(5) ~ EXCELLENT!  Who would have thought the Best Pizza(so far) in Philly comes from a Food Truck?!;)  

** We each got a Margarita Pizza and it's the perfect size for (1) person:)  It had the  correct balance of Sauce & Cheese (Buffalo Mozzarella:), as any "Naples" Style Pizza should;)  The Best part was the Crust!  It was perfectly charred on the outside, but still chewy on the inside.  My only wish now is that they open a "Brick & Mortal" shop so we don't have to follow the Truck around!;-)lol
Easily some of the best wood fire pizza you can get in the city, and you don't even need to sit down to get it, although you may want to after you finish the pizza :)!
 I've had nearly every pizza this truck offers and all of the varieties are delicious. My favorite by far is the sausage pizza which has wonderful combinations of flavors. If you're feeling crazy I would try this one, but for a first timer, i'd get the margarita which has everything you could want in a pizza. The crust is perfectly cooked and just thick enough without being doughy. Really a great truck and a great staff of people.
After several laps around the Night Market food trucks, we saw someone with a pizza that looked phenomenal. We asked where they got it and made a beeline for Pitruco's truck. You don't normally associate pizza with food trucks and aside from a few local competitors they are few and far between. I ordered the sausage pizza with white sauce without the onions or mushrooms. I can tell you with certainty it was one of the best pizza's I've ever had. The crust was a perfect mix of crunch and doughy and that cheese sauce was heaven on earth. 

The only thing that is kind of weird is that they don't include tax in their pricing. You can't just go up with a $10 bill and trade for a pizza. Just include the tax, round your prices to the nearest dollar, and call it a day.
Fantastic margherita pizza! The crust is super thin and the sauce sweet, the basil and mozzarella seemed so fresh it was almost like eating something healthy. All the satisfaction of pizza without the greasy dirty shame.
One of the best pizzas I have ever had. My favorite is spicy garlic and margarita. Everything about the pizza is amazing. The sauce, crust, and high quality ingredients. Its unbelievable how they have a wood burning oven in a truck. Im never disappointed.

Customer service is great too.
GREAT pizza and a lot of it. 8 bucks will get you a 10-inch personal pizza you could absolutely share for lunch. Delicious crust and sauce and a range of toppings to choose from. They're not opposed to some mixing and matching, either. Wished there was ever-so-slightly more cheese to be had, but certainly not a major drawback. A fabulous lunch option.
Admittedly, this is on the low side. I'm all kinds of impressed with what they do, and my impression was from a daily special instead of a menu regular.

The crust was marvelous, but the toppings overloaded it. They simply used too many vegetables, which had too much textural profile of their own for the crust to survive it. I doubt this is a problem on their other dishes, but they still put it out. I'll likely do an update, but they are so hard for me to get to it will be a while.
Pitruco shows up at 33rd and Arch, near where we work, about once a week and my girlfriend and I cannot resist each getting a pie. Their pies are large enough that two non-starving people could probably share one, but we're usually starving by the time lunch rolls around and the pies are SO good that we usually (aka always) each get our own.

By now, we've tried all their toppings. My current favorite is the sausage pizza which comes with Bechamel, caramelized onions, roasted mushrooms, pecorino cheese and, of course, sausage. When I can't decide, I usually go for the spicy garlic which is a simple but tasty pie with tomato sauce, garlic, hot pepper flakes and pecorino cheese. 

33rd and Arch is becoming an incredibly awesome block for food trucks. I'm almost glad that Pitruco is there only once a week. I could really hurt myself with their delicious pies.
This pizza is fresh! I just finished the eggplant, and it is good. The dough is freshly made, and the ricotta is top quality. Highly recommended for a delicious lunch. Pefect size.
Visiting the Conference Center to register and then wandering the Reading Terminal Market for a bit to see what sounded best for lunch the next day I made my way back to the streets around noon only to find some sort of protest going on near JFK plaza thus temporarily delaying my arrival to the next dining destination - a rarity for myself in the form of a food truck called Pitruco where three friends from Germantown were supposedly turning out immaculate wood fired pizzas from a brick oven in a trailer.

Having already gathered a small line and a reported ten minute wait for 1 foot diameter pies ranging from $7 to $9 I stepped up to the cart and placed my order before stepping around back where I was invited to watch the nearly nine hundred degree oven at work and no less than six minutes later I walked away with my prize - a rich Margherita with a bubbly charred crust, lively tomato sauce with minimal sweetness, and puddles of bufala mozzarella plus a slightly less than ideal amount of fresh basil.  Crisp and light, full of flavor, and shockingly authentic for a mere $8 - this is the sort of food truck that could actually make me change my mind about the whole genre, a truck where the low overhead is passed onto the customer despite the use of superlative ingredients.
I was delighted to see the Pitruco Pizza truck at Mayfair in Clark Park - it had been a few weeks since I had last eaten one of their excellent pies.  So how come a truck makes, in my opinion, the most delicious pizza in Philadelphia.  It starts with the dough recipe that yields a fine, crispy crust that is also chewy and full-flavored.  When it comes to pizza, simplicity is the key and Pitruco's Margherita is so spot on that I feel transported to Naples:  a flavorful tomato sauce, small bits of excellent mozzarella, and a few sprinkles of basil - all baked expertly in less than two minutes on the hot hard-wood fire.  Pure eating delight.  

I rarely can pass up the Margherita - for me, it remains the gold standard of pizza, but have tried other types, like the unique radicchio and the sausage pizza, both very good (even though I would like less balsamico on the radicchio pizza).

When eating great pizza, there is always a race against time involved, that is, you want to eat the pie in its hot, crisp, flavorful glory, and yes, I burnt my mouth and fingers often when eagerly snarfing down great pizza.  A good way to avoid that is to eat pizza "al portafoglio" style, double fold and start nibbling from the crust side (that gives the hot sauce, oil, cheese a chance to cool a bit).  Italians are great with that technique and it is easily done.

Let me add that the crew of the truck could not be nicer and end with a Bravo Pizzaiolo!
What a spectacular find!  
We hosted a graduation party and a wedding shower within two weeks of each other at our house.  We had the Pitruco truck parked in our driveway for both events and they were a hit to say the least!  
A small table was set for delivery of the pies to the guests as they came out of their oven.  One was better than the next...and they kept an eye on what people liked best and made more of those certain types.
I will call them to do more events and I highly recommend them!
No one does food trucks like Philly!! Try to explain that you can get gourmet wood-fired pizza out of a truck to anyone from out of town.

We discovered Pitruco during a park fair and were excited to find that they park at Palumbo Playground every Thursday night. It's tough to crave them on, say, a Tuesday, but when Thursday rolls around and we're playing the "so... what should we have for dinner" game it's exciting to remember the Pitruco truck is in town and that for $9 we can each stuff our faces with a delicious pizza; my favorite is the radicchio pizza. 

Make sure to check their twitter page before seeking them out to make sure of where they are on a particular day.
If you would of told me I could get a slammin pie off of a food truck I would of chuckled....insert @pitrucopizza and I'm a believer!  Thanks guys!
This is from their website:

LOVE Park, 16th & JFK
Mondays
lunch 11:30-2:30

Fairmount, 22nd & Brown
Tuesdays
dinner 5:00-8:00

Mt. Airy/Chestnut Hill, Germantown Ave. @ Winston St.
Wednesdays
dinner 5:00-8:00

Drexel U., Market between 33rd St and 34th St
Thursdays
lunch 11:30-2:30

Bella Vista, 10th and Fitzwater
Thursdays
dinner 5:00-8:00

Call Ahead for Pick-up 484.602.5454
Got the special. It had bacon, butternut squash and caramelized onions.  I wasn't sure about those flavors together but it was amazing.  Everything tasted fresh and the crust was perfection. Food came out quick and hot.
Time to update and upgrade the big red pizza truck.  My last visit I was bummed that there was no sausage pizza but I had much better luck this time.  After waiting a few minutes, I was skipping home with a smile on my face.  

The sausage pizza had a thin layer of béchamel sauce which I was worried would make the pizza soggy by the time I walked home, like the last one I had, but it didn't.  It was the perfect light layer of sauce to balance out the onions, mushrooms, sausage, and cheese that was scattered on top.  The staff inside the truck were all very friendly, inviting me to play a numbers game to win a free soda.  (It was the end of the day and my brain was fried, so I sadly did not get a free drink).

Pitruco Pizza, you now have a friend for life.
I'm going to call this pizza "Wednesday". Now I just have to figure out the other six days.
Crust thin but not too thin, great sauce and toppings. Oven is wicked hot and cranks out your pie in minutes. No box strange but avoids steaming the pie into a soggy mess.
I tried their breakfast pizza at the Fifth Annual Mutt Strut.  

The breakfast pizza was only $5 (plus $1 for mushrooms).  The pie was about 8" and came with sauteed mushrooms, fresh garlic, cheese (Parmesan I think) and an over easy egg.  

It was delicious. The taste from a wood-fired oven just can't be beat.
A fabulous,  delicious wedding celebration driveway to backyard!
Thank you Jonah and staff
Pitruco's pizza is the pizza by which I judge and compare all other pizzas in this town (and even beyond).  The crust and dough are damn perfect (how is it so chewy and toothsome) and whatever special-of-the-week ingredients adorn their pies, it always works.  I regret to this day the time I missed their black truffles special.  Go wonderfully simple with the spicy tomato, go traditional with the margherita, or go bold with the eggplant pie.  JUST GO TO PITRUCO PIZZA.
This review is based off the pizza truck not restaurant!!-- Love getting pizza here! The crust is delicious. The size is perfect for either 1 or 2 people depending on how hungry you are. The staff is so friendly. There's not usually a long wait which is nice. And reasonably priced! I'll continue coming here :)
The best pizza in philly! Quality upscale ingredients! Bubbly hot. This place is a million times better than Vetri. The single pizza feeds a little more than 1 person.
The first thing I noticed were boxes!  The first time around, they didn't have them, but now I'm grateful for the choice.  

I tried their radicchio pizza and their sausage pizza this time around.  The radicchio was interesting.  I liked the balsamic and the cheese but it was a bit too bitter for me.  The sausage pizza was really tasty, I liked it more than the radicchio.  

The salame from last time still holds its place as my favorite so far.  Still great service from the staff.
As good a pizza place as any restaurant, compacted into a truck with brick oven and all.
The mushroom pizza is to die for! Very thin crust, reminds me of Connecticut style pizza. My only complaint is that they close so early!
Pitruco is located inside Franklin's Table on Penn's campus, like a little foodcourt area. The pizza is made to order and delicious. Problem is, prices are high for what you get. Personal pizzas are $12-14 each and remember, this is inside a food court. So you aren't getting ambiance or table service. I'm not sure how college students are able to afford the restaurants in Franklin's table, but it's always packed. This was my second time ordering the Margarita pizza. First time was drenched in oil. This time I asked for no oil. This was to cut on calories and well as mess. I'm excited to try more options, but I'm tempted just to go to Zavino's since the prices are similar and you get more for your money. But if you are in the area, give Pitruco a shot.
