When I visit Philly's Reading Market, I often stop by Profi's Crêperie to grab a crepe (or two... or three). I've never had a bad crepe here, and not having to worry about inconsistency in the food is great (though it's pretty difficult to screw up anything stuffed with Nutella, strawberries, and whipped cream... Hell, stuff that in a pita or a hot dog bun, I'll probably eat it too). There's like a million toppings and fillings to choose from, so it can be a bit overwhelming--but in a good way! You can pick between a sweet or savory crepe, topped with chicken or ice cream.. or both--the world is your oyster. Prices are decent, but the seating is limited and the space is cramped, so if you're claustrophobic, I'd suggest taking your crepe to-go.

3.5 Stars.
I'm wack, I wasn't in the mood for a crepe, I got the turkey bacon, egg and cheddar on a croissant and it was perfect. While I was waiting for my order I did get to admire the skill that went into every crepe and I started to regret my order while he sliced the perfect pieces of bananas and strawberries into the Nutella laden crepe. It looked delicious. Next time.
How do you eat crepes for breakfast when the only crepe you are used to eating is filled with Nutella and strawberries?

Profi's Creperie makes it easy for you by offering all the items you'd find in a breakfast sandwich in a crepe. Scrambled eggs, ham, bacon, etc. If you don't fancy crepes you can get your breakfast on a croissant. But really, if you do that, then why did you go to Profi's Creperie?

I was going to get one of the savory crepes filled with turkey or ham but chickened out at the last minute. It just sounded so boring and bland. How could I go for that when the menu above me was offering crepes with nothing but sweet things and ice cream a la mode? I stepped out of the line to rethink my breakfast and then got back in to order a crepe filled with pineapple, strawberry and honey! Semi sweet and semi healthy. 

I watched the guy make my crepe. He sliced a fresh pineapple ring into pieces and slivered the strawberries on to the crepe with great skill and speed. He drizzled everything with honey, folded the crepe into a perfectly crispy triangle, and topped it with powdered sugar. My crepe was light and all around fantastic. I recommend this crepe as an alternative to the breakfast crepes. It would also be great as a snack or dessert. 

My companion ordered the breakfast crepe filled with eggs, ham and cheese. I was assured that it was not boring nor bland. 

Profi's Creperie is leaps and bounds better than Mes Amis Creperie at the Public Market in Emeryville, CA. It's a sure winner in the zoo of the Reading Market Terminal.
There's something about crêpes--its heavenly? the light and airy batter? sweet or savory filling?--that has me always hungry for more. Simply, I think crêpes are terrific. 
At Profi's Crêperie, there is a wide varieties of crêpes. You can get the classic - warm crêpes smothered in Nutella- or you can order any off the savory side of the menu. And while you are there, sit back ( if there was an empty seat) or just hangout and watch the creators, behind the counter, make it for you. FUN!

I got the Chicken sauté & Cheddar cheese Crepe:
1/ It was fresh, rich and solid crêpe. It did hit the spot!
2/ Large portion. satisfying.
3/ Reasonable price. 

I was happy and I'll be coming back.

Four Yelps.
It's not the best of creperies I've ever been to (never will I ever say that so long as Beau Monde is around). But it definitely hits the spot and is a welcome offering in the Reading Terminal Market.

It definitely has plenty of offerings that will leave you browsing the menu before you commit. Veggies, chicken, beef, and all the fruits and nutella that you grow to expect from a creperie. and the a a couple seats that are perfect for watching them work their crepe magic. I won't recommend the seafood crepe since the only seafood it offered was crab (sacrilege!) And it was a little more heavy on the veggies. but you'll find plenty of sound choices that merit more than one visit. And If I remember correctly their sign mentioned something about a free crepe day on July 29th (I tend to mix up my four letter Ju months. so don't quote me and scope it for yourself). Sign me up!
If you're trying to capture me, or lure into a trap of some sort, try using a nutella filled dessert crepe as bait. The crepe from Profi's with bananas, nutella, cinnamon and powdered sugar will do the trick. Or the nutella, bananas and strawberry one... AHHHH you got me! I'll yell for help between bites.
Fresh crepes made on the spot at a reasonable price. The Nutella with fresh blueberries and strawberries make my tummy happy... I come here so often, they know my order by heart.

If for some reason they are out of the fruits that you want, no problem! you can always buy some from the nearby grocery stands and they'll add them into your crepe.

Quick note: I stopped by for lunch on Monday and I noticed that the quality of the crepes weren't the same. Despite the long lines, I'd suggest going here over the weekend instead.
Crepes..... yumm!!!! 

I come here almost every Sunday and sometimes on the weekday's
 My usual is the Nutella Straberry with blackberry. very quick service. 
usually seats are taken but by the time your crepes are done a seat opens up.
 always delicious and made to perfection! i try to keep a perfect balance so my crepe is not to sweet. 
the strawberry banana may be to sweet for those with those who don't have much of a sweet tooth.

 Try to mix your berries and fruits to find your perfect crepe!!!! 

Profi's has never dont me wrong and has always provided the best crepes!
If you can get past the rather surly woman running the register and the fact that they always seem to be out of ice cream despite being adjacent to a rather famous ice cream joint this is a great place to get dessert crepes. 

I've never tried their savory crepes probably because they are right across from Delilah's however after a day of walking the city Profti's is always the perfect ending. 

My girlfriend is a huge fan of the Banana and Nutella and my current favorite is Strawberries, Peaches and Honey. Yum! 

They have plenty of combinations to try and they all sound fantastic. This is definitely a place that keeps me coming back.
An all around very good crepe.

They have lots of both savory and sweet choices but I chose a sweet one (typical.) with nutella, bananas & strawberries. Slightly crispy outside, warm & chewy on the inside; with the perfect amount of melting nutella and very fresh fruit. It's probably nothing you couldn't get somewhere else or make yourself, but I enjoyed it very much anyway!
not the best you'll ever have, but damn good.

an enjoyable alternative in the RTM to try out next time you're in.

the savoury crepes are wonderful, as are the nutella variations.
Pretty solid for a creperie. The menu is pretty extensive with around a dozen savory options including Philly cheesesteak style and even one with fresh crab. There are lots of sweet options including several choices with Nutella.

I think the pricing is a little high. My friend's was $8.50 and it had a good amount of beef but not too much, and mine was a more reasonable $4.50 for a breakfast crepe. For the two of us plus drinks it was around $19. I feel like we could've had a lot more filling food across the way at the fried chicken shop but we did want crepes. 

Cash only, because there was a sign saying their register was broken.
Thanks, Profi's!!  I no longer have to pay a fortune for a crepe!!!!  Went on Saturday and had the #7. Chicken crepe with dijon, cucumber, tomato, (hold the olives!), broccoli, spinach and cheese.

It was as good as any crepe I've had at Beau Monde or La Creperie, but at HALF the price!  I'll be back.
If you can get a seat at the nearly-always-packed- counter, Profi's is a welcome respite from the bustle of RTM.  I enjoy the fruit filled crepes and get mine with banana & strawberries - no "glop".  I do not like saucey crepes and Prfi always makes mine to order.  (They do a great job - and I really enjoy the crepes themselves which are lightly sweet.

I have never tried their savory crepes - but I'm always tempted to.
I am glad they are in the Market.
They lie about not taking cards when they do if you just say you don't have cash. I got the seafood crepe because I gave up beef poultry and pork for lent. No. The crab is not fresh. LIARSSSSS!!! It is imitation so be warned. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind imitation crab meat but i don't appreciate false advertising. The fake blond girl in front doesn't know what she is doing. "raspberry nestea please" "sorry we don't have that" "Um. it's right there" And she almost jipped me of $20 of my change. 2nd star earned because of fast service. Much better crepe places in philly other than here. As you may gather, I didn't have a good experience.
I've been trying to find crepes that can measure up to those in Paris and I thought I found them here. I ordered apples & caramel a la mode and it was almost perfect. My only complaint is that the apples were cold and crunchy. I would have preferred them to be cooked or at least warm. Up to this point, I was planning to give a solid 4 stars but then this happened... I walked over to the trash can at the end of the counter to throw my plate away and put on my coat. The tall dark haired employee cutting tomatoes asked if I needed any help and I told him no, I was just using the trash can. He went back to cutting tomatoes and then dropped the knife onto the dirty floor. He picked it up and just kept cutting with it. I was disgusted!  He clearly knew I was standing there and saw it. There is a sink within reach of his work area but he didn't even attempt to clean the knife. Part of their identity (as described on their menu board) is that the customer gets to watch their food being prepared.  That clearly backfired on 1/26/13. I'm so disappointed because I was really looking forward to a long relationship with Profi's but instead I'm back to searching for the perfect crepe and thankful I didn't get sick.
If  I'm at the Reading Terminal Market (usually I go there for lunch at conventions like the Flower Show or some nerdy video game/comic expo), I make a beeline for this creperie....SO GOOD. I get a savory crepe for my meal then a strawberry Nutella crepe for dessert....sometimes I throw banana in there too....

Mmmm but one of these days I'm gonna get a honey and peach/strawberry one....

All I have to say is, just eat it, you won't be disappointed. There are plenty of choices for fillings.
Just ate here and am reviewing using Reading Terminal Market's wireless!

I had the caramel apple crepe. The caramel, the crepe itself and the cinnamon spice on the apples were all fantastic. Not cloyingly sweet at all, just right. My one complaint is that the apples were not crisp enough. 

I will try it again and suggest it as a valid option in Reading Terminal Market's sea of great choices!
DELICIOUS. i went around 4:30pm on a tuesday, where not too many people were milling around the area so i got a seat at the counter and chatted with the gentleman who works there (forget his name already). he suggested i try the #10 with blueberries and blackberries, in addition to strawberries. it was definitely to die for and i cannot wait to add this to my repertoire of where i drag my philly-visitors.

i believe my total was $7.02, which means i will not be treating myself to this high-calorie dessert too often, because i cannot justify it. but you best believe i'll be looking for excuses to taste that again!!!
I heard good things about this place so I decided to try it out today. I got the grilled chicken breast savory crepe for 8 bucks and it was....... just ok. Nothing exceptional. I thought it was very overpriced for the small portion. The most I'll pay for their crepes would be $3-5 bucks.
I just wanted to update to say that on a recent trip to Profi's the surly register woman was replaced by a lovely fresh faced woman who seemed genuinely happy to be there. Bonus! I don't know if the other woman just had a weekend off, but it was really nice to order crepes without feeling like I'm bothering someone. 

P.S. When getting the desert crepes I'm a big honey person, but recently tried the Caramel with peaches and strawberries. AMAZING! I highly recommend.
Watching the guy make crepes while sitting there eating mine was hypnotic. Plus it made me want to order other kinds to try them, it made me regret not being hungry for two, or three. ha. The selection of sweet and savory crepes was impressive with a dozen each, plus you could make your own. 

The European Crepe (w/o olives) was great with the salad like combination of greens, veggies, feta cheese, and dressing. The crepe just warmed the greens though to enhance their flavors, but not make them wilt. Warm greens and flavors were balanced well with neutral batter flavor. The price (7.50) was appropriate for the portion and it's quality.
I LOVE Reading Terminal Market!  Can we please transport one of these to Denver, I'm in dire need of one near me.

For those of that don't know Reading Terminal brings together local joints, cheese shops, meats, sando's, and everything in between to one very awesome indoor chin-dig.

During the Philadelphia Flower Show my Mom and I like to come to Profi's Creperie to enjoy some of their Savory Crepe's and possibly dessert if we're up for it.  We've had the Grilled Chicken with veggies and goat cheese, the Chicken Cesar with Mozzarella, and one of the dessert crepes with Nutella.  We're suckers for the nutella spread.  

If you can find a seat you can watch them make the white or wheat crepes and stuff them high with yummy ingredients and sauce and serve them to you.  Great place and will always be on our lunch or late lunch spot when we're by the Reading Terminal Market.

I say, you all need to try one savory crepe and one sweet crepe to get the full experience.
OK, now that I have tried Crepe Maker in 30th Street station I am even more impressed with Profis.  The crepe batter here is far suprior - much more flavorful.  I am lovin' the crepes at Profi's.

It's hard to get a seat - but once I snag I stool you best believe I am ordering!!!
I didn't make it to Beau Monde, but I had a great (as well as affordable) crepe experience at the Reading Terminal Market. I discovered this place after getting my Olde City coffee around 9am on a Sunday when the marketplace opened. Since Olde City Coffee didn't have seating available, I settled for the 50s style bar stools at Profi's facing the counter. It was fascinating watching the crepe chef in action as he swirled the liquid batter on the pan.
                                    
If you're planning to save your appetite for Geno's or Pat's famous cheesesteaks in the afternoon, this is the perfect place to have a light breakfast. 
                              
The breakfast crepe consisting of scrambled eggs & bacons was so lightweight I had room leftover for a dessert crepe of nutella, strawberries, & bananas. They were all tasty & I still had room leftover for Philly cheesesteaks later that afternoon. 
                              
This place may not be as romantic as Beau Monde (gratuity not required), but the crepes are fabulous! It's not the appropriate spot to take a date, but it's a suitable hangout for buddies or just plain old married couples.
Crepes are pretty decent - but a bit over priced for the quality / quantity of the food you get. I have tried the breakfast and the sweet crepes and I would definitely recommend the sweet crepes, preferably with Nutella and tons of fruit. Service is pretty quick even if they are busy.
We got 2 crepes and both were fantastic. Nanas with Honey and Strawberries with honey both crunchy crispy gobs of holy goodness. Again, prices are reasonable in this place. SOOO wish we had one of these on Long Island...
Whenever I'm at Profi's, I would always order my usual sweet crepe. However, I wasn't in the mood for a sweet breakfast that day so I hopped out of my crepe comfort zone and opted for a large chicken ceaser salad. I know, it's like ordering seafood at a steakhouse... whatevs.

To my surprise, the chicken ceaser salad was awesome! It was loaded with lots of cheese and had a generous amount of grilled chicken that was cooked just right! It pisses me off whenever I order a chicken ceaser and I am presented with 1) two measly bits of chicken and 2)the chicken being overcooked and dry... what's the point? 

No fear, I wasn't disappointed with Profi's. They got it right.
I stopped by Reading Terminal Market looking for something vegetarian and not too greasy to eat for lunch and happened upon Profi's Creperie.  Now, for sure I wasn't expecting anything like what you would be served at Beau Monde.  What I ordered was a Veggie crepe with pesto and mozzarella cheese.  The crepes are made to order and was perfect for a healthy, light lunch.  They have a nice selection of sweet and savory crepe options....If you are still hungry afterwards, Delilah's is right next door and has excellent mac and cheese! I'd probably return if I found myself in the market in need of food- however, I doubt I'd make a trip to Reading Terminal just to eat at Profi's....
Profi's Creperie batter is one of the best I have had in the states! Smells good, well made and tasted delicious! Both savory and sweet crepes are a good selection. Try both! Guaranteed a win! Line in the Reading Terminal is longer than usual but the chefs are fast! Worth the wait!
For some reason I have gravitated to local crepe shops lately. Profi is a nice stall in the Marketplace so there isn't much seating except bar stools. There is lots of French imagery to kinda give you that frenchy feel. I had the steak egg and cheese with an order of French toast. Nice amount of steak (which is important to me) and well made. The French toast on the other hand was like plain toast with syrup, very disappointing. This crepe shop is middle of the road compared to the others I've tried over the last 90 days.
I expected walking into Reading on a Saturday to be mayhem, but it was surprisingly manageable! My friend and I decided on this crepe place for lunch. She'd been before and was raving about the chicken caesar crepe. I had a bite, and it really was great. I'm usually a sweet crepe type of gal, but decided on a savory breakfast variety. I got bacon, egg, cheese, and every veggie you could ever want. It was delicious. And I was shocked that even with all the extras, it was under $6! I liked sitting at the counter, watching them make the crepes as we ate. Everything they made looked great- especially the ones with Nutella in them! I would definitely recommend!
This is one of my go-to stands at RTM. My kids are now also addicted. Last week I had an utterly delicious Parisian crepe- chopped onion, peppers and cucumber tossed in Dijon with ham and feta. Very filling portion. My daughter had an enormous pineapple crepe with caramel. Service is quick and always friendly. I'm a fan!
Yum...ordered steak crepe....its ok...maybe i should have tried the sweets.
A regular for me when I'm in Center City - I love Profi's because it is a decent quality crepe, not hard on the lunch budget and most resembles the average crepe place in Paris. 

Get there at an off time so you can get counter seating, like 1:30, or 1:15.
Yet another victory for Reading Terminal Market.  A few weeks ago a buddy introduced me to this place.  It was so good I brought my wife back the next day.  The service is not always fast, but can one really rush crapes?  But the end product is delicious.  Personally, i recommend anything with Nutella.  However, they do have a good number of both sweet and savory crapes.  All of the ones I tried were good.

From now on, when I'm in Philly, this is a go to place.
The best crepe spot I have ever been. We come in every Saturday AND Sunday. Both savory and sweet are delicious!
If you are in the mood for a crepe in Philly, this is definitely a decent place to go. They have a lot of of different crepes to chose from, everything from sweet to salty. 

The lady at the register was a little bit sketchy, she kind of ignored us when we first went to place our order. Granted, she was probably just trying to get things organized, but a simple, "Just a minute" would have been appreciated.

I ordered the A La Mode, Royal. The crepe was filled with nutella and bananas topped with whipped cream with ice cream on the side. It totally satisfied my crepe craving.

Just be prepared to go hunting for a seat if you come during the lunch rush!
I used to go here all the time during my lunch hour when I worked in the city.  The ham + cheese crepe with Dijon mustard is unbelievably good.  

This is my favorite place in Reading Terminal Market, which is saying a lot.
Sweet or savory they're all good!  There are so many options, it's hard to choose!  Some that I have tried are the vegetarian crepe, the breakfast crepe & some sweet crepes with nutella & fruit.  All of which have been good!  The staff makes them quick & they are reasonably priced.  If you are a crepe lover like myself you won't be disappointed.
Located in the front of the Reading Terminal, this is a decent spot to get some crepes. I don't think the fillings were anything special, but you can order savory and sweet crepes. I ate here for breakfast and ordered a savory crepe with chicken. Unfortunately, I thought the chicken was too dry. I wasn't able to try any of their sweet crepes but maybe next time I roll through Philly!
Hadn't been here in a while and I was long over due.
Delicious made to order crepes.

Prices have been raised since 2009 - but that's to be expected.
Very good customer service from the gal up front and the man making the crepes.  (Choice of white or wheat flour - NICE!)

Love me a good quick crepe.
Went here for a quick breakfast with a friend.  We both ordered crepes with egg, cheese, and bacon.  If anybody would've eaten the crepe without knowing what was supposed to be in it, they probably wouldn't have known it had bacon.  Otherwise, I guess it was not too bad.  There are probably better choices in the market for breakfast.  Or maybe their lunch crepes are better.

We were able to sit at the counter, which was clean and spacious.  The cashier was friendly.  No major complaints.
Holy crepe! (have I used that pun in reviewing a crepe place yet? If so, forgive me, it's still funny). I love love love a crepe with savory (i.e. NOT sweet) fillings. It's like a new twist on a sandwich. Love this little diner-wannabe, with a counter and a few stools, cook-in-front-of-you kitchen, quick service, and delicious product. No pressure for you to leave even though there are only about 6 stools for the place. Price-wise, appropriate. About $8 for a sandwich-filling crepe, which is what you'd pay in the same area for a sub or a good salad. The crepe was well-made, the fillings were fresh and generous. I will DEFINITELY be back next time I'm in Philly, and if you haven't tried a lunch crepe yet -- what the crepe are you waiting for!?
Of course a place like this would be located inside Reading Terminal. It just adds to the amazingness of the place. So you like crepes... at least you think you like them. After you come and peruse their menu you'll learn to LOVE 'em. They have breakfast, lunch and dessert crepes. Savory or Sweet. High calorie or health conscious. I think my goal is to come and try one new crepe every time I stop in Philly. Mmmmmm my fav. They have good seating there if you buy from them which makes finding a place to sit much nicer. Lunch time is hella busy so be prepared for that!
The crepes here are absolutely spender, and whether you're in the mood for sweet or savory, they have everything for any mood you may be in and more. The flavor combinations are splendid-- the crepes don't simply have one flavor or a favor that overpowers everything elseC they're a combination of flavors that balance together to create a dynamic and delicious taste. 
The chefs really care about the quality of their food and that you enjoy it. Upon asking for mine to go, I was told not to wait to long as the chef was worried about the crepe not being at its best. 
I highly recommend for the fast & friendly service and the amazing food. Though the venue is a little difficult as it is in Reading Terminal Market. It may be hard to find a seat during specific times, and the crowd moving around can feel a little overwhelming.
Its one of the nicest creperies I've been. Its authentic and the folks are super friendly. You can sit by the glass and watch as the magic unfolds, or should I say folds. The crepes are freshly prepared in front of you, and are quite delicious. The breakfast crepes are good, but the Nutella, Banana and Strawberry is the best.
We ate here every morning during our vacation. I tried the egg and bacon crepe, the Paris crepe, and the honey apple walnut crepe. All were delicious. The people I was traveling with had the turkey crepe, the berry cheesecake (yumm!), the sausage egg crepe (said was better than the bacon because it had larger pieces of meat and the seasoning was good), and I believe there was also a strawberry banana crepe. The honey apple walnut was the largest of the three and the sweetest. Maybe even dare I say it - too much honey? The other two were really good. My crepe for the egg one got a little too done and was crunchy in one spot, but in their defense they were totally backed up with all the people that were there that day. Be prepared to wait about 15-20 minutes on a Sunday for a crepe and just a little shorter of a line on Saturday. But weekdays are great, you can go there, order, and sit right away. 

They are a on the more expensive side. But for a vacation or a treat I definitely suggest this place.
Crepe's made-to-order.  Always a good sign.  Thick enough to be chewy but thin enough that there's no mistake about it being a crepe instead of a pancake.  Batter is flavorful.  Fillings ample and satisfying.  Get the Level Up app for your phone and you'll get $2 off your first order.  Overall, not bad way addition to your Reading Terminal food tour.  [Original Visit: February 27, 2012]
This is a great breakfast and lunch option in the RTM and their crepes are actually reasonably priced. We sat at the counter as we waited for our order to come up and got a good view of all the ingredients and the work space. Everything was so fresh and the crepe making station itself was super clean. I really liked the fact that the gentleman making our crepes wore gloves as he worked and even changed gloves between crepes. This was really nice, especially after the fact that I noticed the guy behind the counter at the duck/schezwan place grab a bunch of bok choy with his bare hands and throw it onto a pile of rice before closing the container and passing it along to his customer **shudder**
Excellent crepes not focusing on the fruit-filled or desert variety but instead on various combinations including egg and cheese, steak, egg and cheese, veggie, etc..  Crepes are cooked absolutely perfectly, folded snugly and add just the amount of lite sweet/savory flavor to the stuffings inside.

Shop is lunch-counter style and at times seating is hard to come by, but take them home or enjoy them in a common seating area. Well worth the trip!
The line here is so long during breakfast time but it moves fairly quickly. We got one of their savory crepes - the ham one. It was so good! It came out warm and crispy. It had a decent amount of ham, as well as select veggies. The thing that completed the crepe was the dijonaise, which was basically dijon mustard with mayo. Would recommend you to try their savory crepes if you've only ever had the sweet ones!
Decent crepe spot. The menu is pretty expansive and you can also build your own. Went during lunch and other vendors were packed with no seating. Walked by here and it stuck out BC I haven't had crepes in awhile. And it wasn't that busy. 

Looked over the menu, ordered the savory chicken tomato basil. Prepared to order...it was nicely prepared. Portion and proportion of meat was decent for the price. I enjoyed it and would order again. I wasn't 100%full, it's more of snack.
