I've been to Randazzo's a few times now to grab a slice when I'm on the go. Happy to say, it's always been a good choice!

The pizza is very tasty and the slices are huge. They have a wide selection including traditional cheese, or ones with veggie and/or meat toppings. If pizza isn't what you're looking for, they also have sandwiches, paninis, and salads. I can't comment on those because let's be serious... I'm always down for some 'za! =D 

Service is quick and my slice is usually heated up and ready to go in just a few minutes. Beware that there can be a line depending on the time you're there. Since it is located right across from Good Shepherd Penn Medicine, there's often hospital staff or visitors dropping in to grab some grub.

I'm definitely keeping Randazzo's as my go-to for when I'm in the area and need a quick bite!
It's high time that I write a review for Randazzo's. 

I was a Lazaro's man. Until one night I was hungry and didn't have any cash. I rolled the dice on Randazzo's so I could use my plastic. Glad I did. Lazaro's is great and all but Randazzo's is my daily driver. 

Consistently perfect pizza, great steaks (beef and chicken), great hoagies and great wings. Munchies - fries, mozz sticks, etc are all above average. 

Every time I order they say 45 minutes, every time it shows up in 20. 

Here is the reason I am finally writing a review - last night I ordered my usual and the delivery dude showed up with regular soda instead of diet. I was ready to say no biggie but he went to the bodega on the next block and bought me the right soda. After I had already tipped my usual. That's service. 

Keep it up Randazzo's!
I really like the pizza here.  On two different occasions though I had two different experiences that's why it's -1 star.  

First time I went, the crust was floppy and the pizza very very cheesy.  This is how I like it.  The second time I went the crust was a bit too crunchy for me, but it still tasted pretty good.  I don't like crust breaking when I fold it in half.    Also, I paid .25 less than I did the first time.  I like that.  

The gravy isn't as sweet as it is at Lazaros so that's a definite plus.  

Overall, I wish it was open later, but I would definitely go again. 

Aaron O will leave another comment about how I don't know pizza because I like it very cheesy and floppy.   I've had what people call "good pizza".  I don't like it.  I like floppy cheesy overly sauced Philly pizza.   That's why there's chocolate and vanilla.
Randazzo's:
Like many who had written reviews of Randazzo's, I too was a loyal Lazarro's customer.  Nothing against Lazarro's but I probably won't be going back.  Randazzo's just makes a better pizza.  The crust has some depth to it but is in no way thick and the sauce actually tastes like tomatoes.   I am pretty open minded when it comes to pizza, unlike those who think there is no such thing as good pizza outside of NYC and I think Randazzo's is a good place for people who have the same philosophy.  If you are looking for a greasy thin crust, then this is not the place for you.

The wings are pretty good as well but I did expect more of a buffalo flavor from the sauce.
I grew up under the mystical shroud of New York pizza.  The pizza places I frequented were cheap and humble, but so freaking delicious it was unreal.  Perhaps the glow of childhood memory is a lot to overcome, but since moving to Philly I've been consistently disappointed with the corner pizzeria joints.  There is good "gourmet" pizza to be found, but who wants to pay $5 a slice?

Enter Randazzo's.

I work extra shifts across the street sometimes.  7 am Saturday morning doesn't seem so daunting when I know I can get lunch at Randazzo's.  Every kind of pizza I've tried has been amazing, but especially the chicken parm pizza.  The garlic knots are garlicky and knotty - which is harder to find than you think.  Calzones and strombolis are the size of your head and impossible to stop eating.  Hoagies are bomb.

The fact that it has that friendly neighborhood pizza joint feel, with nice staff and prompt service, makes it that much closer to matching the unattainable pizza perfection of my youth.  They even agreed to cater my birthday party in spite of the fact that I live outside their delivery zone.  Awesome people all around.

If I had to bring someone from home to get a slice of pizza, and thus bring all their NY pizza expectations with them, I'd opt for Randazzo's.  It's now in my pizza pantheon.
Slices are HUGE, but unfortunately very soggy.    Would have preferred a nice crispy crust.
We were tipsy verging on drunk and we needed something more than hummus and baked chips. Luckily my friends darling husband had an ace in his back pocket.

Randazzo's he shouted! And off he and Pinsker went. I have yet to eat the pizza sober. However, tipsy on vodka cranberries it was damn good. Hot, cheesy, perfect thin crust. 

But why oh why did Pinsker get green peppers on one side?

goodbye gusto and lorenzo's my heart belongs to randazzo's!
This and fortune Chinese are my go to take out spots and they just happen to be right next to each other. This pizza is great. It's cheap and tasty and delivers fast. Everything I've had so far has been great. I'll keep coming back
Reasons to hit up Randazzo's as opposed to the 'other' place down the street:
1) your wallet is paperless
2) you prefer a sweeter tomato sauce, and more of it
3) you're ordering a full pie, not by the slice

You may be better off with the other place if one of the above is not true, but these guys do a good job with their pies as well.
I am catching up on some of my reviews and will say that I had Randazzo's Pizza the other day. Order the Lamb gyro, Large Chicken Pesto Pizza and some Mozzarella fries.....

My over thoughts? Gyro was good. Pizza was okay. Mozzarella fries was definitely anything from special. It tasted like cooked frozen fries with some mozzarella fries melted over it.....

Delivery was fast. Food overall was eh... alright. Will I order from there again? Depends on the hour of the day, if i'm drunk feeling like some quick pizza.... and well, if I don't want to break the bank to feed myself.
Good Chicken Parm?  DONE DEAL!

A solid chicken parm is my kryptonite when it comes to a pizza restaurant.  Luckily for me, this place is right around the corner from where I live and I couldn't be more happy.

At 5.50 for a hearty/big parm, its a steal.

Great balance of sauce and cheese.  The bread was also perfectly cooked.

Haven't tried the pizza here yet, but look forward to eating it, perhaps drunk, perhaps not.


Can't go wrong here.
Pizza was great, try the cheese steak pizza.  It's top notch, but the service was terrible.

How often do pizza places take orders? Every time they do business?  This place was hopping and they had to screw up my order on the last piece of BBQ chicken.
I was told 6 minutes for a new pie to come out, it was actually 20 minutes, that seems like eternity on a 45 minute lunch break.  Everyone was friendly, but I saw the mistake happen.  I wouldn't be surprised if this happens all the time, the problem wasn't fixed.  Poor communication before and after the mistake.
Loved my holiday order this year. My meat lovers pizza came pipping hot with an amazing ratio of toppings, a perfect crust, perfectly flavored. Came super quickly too. The chicken sandwich and burger were some of the better ones I've had in a while from a pizza joint, and the fries were good. I look forward to eating here again soon. It kept me full for a few days of leftovers two, almost better then next morning!
yummmm one of my favorite pizza places in philly! reminds me of boardwalk pizza...yummy thin delicious greasy wonderfulness. have only ordered delivery, usually takes about 40 minutes or so. I haven't tried anything besides their pizza, don't want to jinx it!
Totally last minute, "what are you doing? come grab a bite" type of situation last night. It's small, seemingly impersonal, but totally comfy.

I've stopped in to grab a soda a million times before, but never had the food. Last night was just one of those nights where I wanted junk food & not chinese food, and it had to be within walking distance. I planned to go alone, but got a phone call as I was walking up the street, so I invited him along.

I had the turkey hoagie (super fresh everything from bread to all the toppings) and mozzarella fries (one of my dirty little secret obsessions), date had the steak stromboli.

Food was good, more than enough of everything (we both had take out boxes - and he's a BIG dude), and the staff was super accommodating/eager to help/please.

He was pleased, I was pleased, I'll be a regular from here on out.
I have been very happy with Lazaro's delivery, but after reading  Randazzo's reviews here, I decided to give them a try. I ordered a large thin crust mushroom pizza,  which is my standard order from Lazaro's. The pizza arrived quickly.  However,  I was to put it mildly extremely disappointed. To me,  thin crust means crisp.  This crust was soggy,  even after reheating in a very hot oven and not what I consider to be thin. The sauce was meh. Needless to say, it's back to Lazaro's for me
Have solely eaten Lazaro's for the last 6 months since moving here based on the yelp reviews. I gave Randazzo's a chance recently and it is definitely the superior pizza. It's honestly not even close in terms of taste. Incredibly friendly staff and great customer service.
If I had to choose between Lazarros and Randazzos which are the two busiest pizzerias on my block , Randazzos would win every time ! Great service and food ! Pizza is one of the best I have had in philly, for the type of pizza shop it competes with.  You can't compare philly and New York pizzas either they are totally different!
I have now had Randazzo's twice sober. I have my roommate and I hooked. I know the perfect timing to call when I'm walking home from work and by the time I walk in the door its coming out of the oven and by the time I walk it home its the  perfect edible temperature without burning the roof of your mouth! 

This is the pizza that poets write sonnets of. It is perfect in its cheese factor, sauce is perfect not to sweet not spice-ladden, the crust. Oh The crust! The crust is thin and perfectly crispy. 

We have pizza once a week now.
Supposedly they have milkshakes as well, but I'm scared to try them for fear they will be the end of me.
Forget about the Genos/Pats rivalry, it's all about Lazaro's v. Randazzo's in my hood.  So the other day I was coming home from my second work out and I was starving.  When I first moved to the area I was informed by a neighbor that Lazaro's was superior, so that has been my spot for greasy delicious pizza.  But I decided to take a risk and check out Randazzo.  I got a slice of tomato pie that was pretty solid.  I really liked the flavor of their sauce.  FYI, the tomato pie is Sicilian crust with the tomato sauce they use for pizza poured on top.  The girl at the counter was very helpful and they seem to move a little quicker than their rival across the street.  Also, the 10 or so delivery men waiting around are not present at this spot.  Bonus, Randazzo's is a block closer to my house.  Downgrade, the slices looked smaller than Lazaros.  Only a head to head competition will determine who reigns supreme.  To be continued...
It finally came to the point where I had to cheat on Lazarros. Every other week I feel like they have a new menu with higher prices so enter Randazzos across the street.

Thanks to the positive reviews on yelp, the transition between take-out places went smoothly. I ordered some hot wings and they actually were covered in hot sauce  (I know crazy concept!). They were crispy meaty and delicious, probably a new Sunday football staple. I also got the chicken cutlet italiano sandwich on a long roll. The chicken was slightly overcooked but arrived hot with melted provolone, spinach and red peppers. I also sampled the turkey club which had crispy bacon and a good amount of meat. 

Its $1 for delivery and the menupages menu is accurate. I can't wait to try their pizza, peace Lazarros!
I am in Randazzos as I write this. I typically like the place. But today when I went in for slice of buffalo chkn pizza. The pizza maker decided to give me old slice that looks like it had been sitting half the day. I asked for slice of new pie that I orginally asked for. . He got attitude said something derogatory in spanish not goin to repeat but I understand what was said and it was most inappropriate. I wrk in service industry so I know how customer should be treated. They did end up giving me slice frm pie I asked for.
Randazzo's Pizzeria is a great pizzeria for the G. Ho. area. When I lived around Graduate Hospital Randazzo's was always our go-to place when we were too lazy to cook. 

Delivery was quick and easy and the staff is friendly. The cheesesteaks are surprisingly good. We stopped in during one of the recent blizzards to enjoy a cheesesteak after wandering in the snow for hours and it was a life-saver.
one of the better pizzas ive tasted ..nice crispy crust ..but soft  on the inside ..great overall flavor but the sauce is alil too sweet which im not a fan of.. an at just under 3 bucks a slice its not all that expensive ...solid pizza that hits the spot in my book
Randazzo's will be the cause of my inevitable type II diabetes. The stromboli are out of this world, and the veggie pizza is invariably tasty and satisfying. Careful, though, this food is perhaps too good and way too close to my apartment. To add insult to injury, they also have delicious ice cream.
I decided to take the advice of a local to skip the tourist cheese steak spots and try a local pizzeria for authentic cheese steak.  I am glad I did. The cheese steak meat was chopped up which i found to be better than long strips of meat.  The bread was fresh and not soggy. I was born and raised in NY so I know pizza. These slices were huge. The crust cheese and sauce were even from top to bottom and the taste was superb.  I ordered our food to go so cannot comment on the bathroom but the inside of the pizzeria was very clean. The person behind the counter was helpful and very friendly.
Love this place, I was relocated to this area and I literally ate here every day for the last three weeks. I was wondering how long it would take before I was tired of it, never did! They do a great job on everything from salads to the wraps to the steaks to the Pizza. The slices are great ! and the varieties !! The tip jar stays full because of the great service !!!I am relocating again but will definitely be back!!!!!
Randazzo's is hands down my favorite pizza place in the Rittenhouse / Graduate Hospital area.  They do a great thin crust and the sauce has a really nice flavor... not too sweet or salty.  They have several other solid offerings too, including strombolis, cheese steaks, and sides.

The owner and employees are all good people, and always friendly and talkative if you stop in.  If you opt for delivery, they're prompt and the food arrives hot and fresh.
They make a decent cheesesteak and chicken cheesesteak with generous portions. Their fries (that I've only ordered once) were horrible bits of oil with basically no potato. I wonder if they just gave me the leftovers as they didn't want to make a fresh batch?

It's small inside so we usually do take out.
I went here yesterday for lunch on a tip from a passerby that they had delicious milkshakes (but only if "the girl" was making them).  Turns out that "the girl" was not there that day, but I decided to give it a shot anyway.  I ordered the black & white milkshake and it was delicious - just the right amount of milk and an incredible amount of ice cream, which made it thick and awesome.  

. . . oh, I had a slice of buffalo chicken pizza, too.  It was definitely not the best I've ever had, but I wouldn't say it was terrible either.  It was just okay.
I love Randazzo's pizza and stromboli... hot wings aren't that good... and they accept credit cards which is a big plus (I never carry cash). Overall, I highly recommend this place.
Pizza is good, cheese steaks are great, wings are mediocre.  I don't like their wing sauce but besides that this is my go to place near me for a pie.
Nothing to write home about. Decent pizza. Made quick. Friendly staff. We did pick-up but they deliver too. Price was $15 for a medium red sauce,cheese and 3 veggie toppings.
I love this place-never actually had the pizza, but it does look and smell amazing- but I've had their salads and they're awesome. They are huge, cheap and being someone that has salad at just about every place in Philly, I can honestly say you get the most bang for your buck here. Comes with black olives, roasted red peppers, onions and a whole bunch of other stuff! Tuna salad is amazing, too!
Also- the staff, especially the girls that work the counter are really nice!
Yummy pizza and very cheap. Crunchy crust and hot toppings, perfect quick lunch takeout or sit down. 1 plain, 1 margarita, 1 sausage , and large bottle water =$11.
I'm actually mad at myself for walking by Randazzo's so often (usually, to pickup Lazarro's) and never going inside...until recently. 

Their wings were delicious - although the "hot" wasn't that spicy at all. Pizza was very good. Lots of variety you can get by the slice!

Definitely will be going back
Awesome slice of pizza here! Gooey cheese, perfect amount of sauce, and the crust is perfect. The girl behind the counter isn't very friendly but hey, it's worth it.
I wound up having some of their pizza at a late night gathering in a Rittenhouse Square apartment last night.  

I will start off by saying that I won't call myself an expert on their food by any means after one pizza delivery.  But, I tried their chicken parmigiana pizza, which is breaded chicken on regular pizza with some ricotta cheese thrown in for good measure.  

Good God almighty!   It was good enough that I decided to give them 4 stars just for making me so happy last night.  

Well played, Randazzo Pizza!
So i left a positive review about randazzos before... Idk what happened to it when i clicked update review just now but, due to my current order placed during the most randomly tragic of weather situations in Philadelphia during my 26 years of living, i feel the need to emphasize how amazing this place is. 65 mph winds with snow been going since 11:30 today. Placed my order around 5:30... it was taking a little longer than the girl said it would so I was a little concerned, to no avail, because as I was calling randazzos to see where my order wad their delivery driver was calling me. 30 minutes later than my food was supposed to be here and it's still hot and delicious. I understand it being late because of the weather, that was not a shot at randazzos. Idk if im being clear this place is amazing give them your business. Pizza hit the spooootttt!
I hate to say it, but it was the worst pizza I've ever had. The crust was leathery and tasteless. We used to order frequently from them last year when it used to be really good. Tonight we ordered again, and I'm sorry we didn't buy a frozen pizza from Trader Joe's.
This is a hit and a miss type of place for me. I like the slices but I wish they had a few more options for the veggie slices. I'd love to see them mix it up. I've only seen plain or veggie slices without tomato sauce...which i'm not personally a fan of. But the slices are thin and crispy!

I am not a fan of their whole pizza. I don't even understand why it's different but it's usually a bit thick and the crust is weak and wet. I'll eat it because pizza is pizza but just not my fave. I am also not a fan of their mozzarella sticks. Not crunchy and the cheese isn't gooey and stretchy. It's a bit like greasy breaded cheese and i don't like it.
I have lived in Center City for about 10 years, and Randazzo's is the place I hold most dear in my heart. They have fed me for years with amazing mushroom/pepperoni pizzas, and my favorite sandwich, the "Buff Chick Cut", as my friends and I call it. It's not on the menu, but if you call and ask for a buffalo chicken cutlet hoagie with no veggies, they'll hook you up. Randazzo's, thank you for making my time in Med school and residency a wonderful and tasty experience. I love you.
When people say that pizza in Philly sucks, they're right in that there is a lot of really bad pizza throughout the city.  Randazzo's is not one of the culprits and offers really good pizza (maybe too strong of an oregano flavor), sandwiches (eggplant parm was perhaps a tad too greasy, but I liked it) and calzones.

Everyone who works here has been exceptionally friendly, no matter how indecisive I am when it's time to order.

My only real complaint is that they close so early!  Come on, we're not in the suburbs...
The pizza has definitely gotten better since I last had it. Huge fan of their eggplant parm.
We called to order a pizza and had to give the girl on the phone our address 4 separate times, spelling the road name each time. Then she goes "that's out of our delivery zone" to which I replied "we're less than 1 mile away." She puts me on hold for several minutes and then asks for the address a 5th time. When I said "nevermind" she literally shouted "K GREAT BYE" --so that was my first experience with this place.
If I could give no stars I would. This place used to be good about 5,6 years ago. They've been on a steady decline. They can't even produce good pizza fries. The cheese is always hard and chewy and they always NEVER give you what you ask for. By far the worst pizza place in SP now! I'm officially done with Randazzo's.
Solid Italian Hoagie. The pizza is OK here. I'm not a fan of how skimpy they are on the sauce, though there is a lot of cheese. Tried both the buffalo chicken and pepperoni pizza by the slice, which is around $3.50 a piece. Very friendly staff.
This review is for the garlic knots only.
We visited 2 other spots for garlic knots that day (writing a garlic knot related food column).  While we didn't wait too long at either Little Italy (as you recall, was still baking their knots) or Lazaro's (who reheated pre-made knots), they both seemed to take an eternity compared to Randazzo's wait, which was less than 2 minutes.  This time "saved" would not bode well.  While on the slightly smaller side of most knots we've seen so far, any sort of scent was non-existent.  The quick arrival time turned out to be because the knots were not heated at all, and actually on the side of cold in the middle.  The taste was once again a resounding "ok;" really no garlic flavor but with a hint of cheese.  The marinara was also "ok" but really just added a slight tomato flavor to an otherwise bland garlic knot.
One day I was too lazy to cook and went to Randazzo to get the chicken caesar salad that my roommate raves about. Pretty much an amazing salad for under $10. I add lemon juice to the dressing (that's not the overly creamy caesar dressing) and it's perfect. The portion is big, the chicken is so good (compared to some I've eaten at other pizzerias) ... and the BEST part is that it comes with garlic knots! I also decided to get a slice (since it'd been a rough day) and that was worth the calories. Amazing cheese pizza.... Let's just say I ordered a whole pie the next time. And for under $10 a pie, who could possibly complain!?
I think we found our new local pizzeria... Ordered a margherita pizza and I REALLY appreciated the fact that the basil came on the side to prevent wilting... FAST delivery... Should've taken a picture but my husband devoured 2 slices before I got to 1 !
First time ordering today and won't be last.  Everything is so good.   I reheated one the toaster oven it make it hot and a little more well done.    Delivery right on time.   Definitely will try something else here.  My new go to place.
When you want pizza & the trimmings (for us, mozzarella sticks, garlic knots, antipasto salad), there are LOTS of places to choose from in Philly. We have been GOOD with many of them, but Randazzo's just moved to the top of the list - I would give them a solid 4.5 stars. 

Pizza: Large w/onions (red), sausage, peppers. Toppings were GREAT, and there were a lot of them! Crust was good, sauce is nice, cheese good. Just kind of your perfect all around pizza.
 
Antipasto Salad: Yum. Fresh and lots of meats & cheese wrapped up together in a hug on top. My favorite side dish with pizza. 

Mozzarella sticks: Really, really good! This is where some other places have let us down, surprisingly, with sticks that are undercooked or not warm/heated enough? These were delicious, crispy, cheesy, perfect! 

Garlic knots: My partner's favorite. I didn't get one. 'Nuff said? (Honestly, he loved them - smaller than other places, but perfect like 2 bites? and the marinara sauce that comes with is great.) 

Big menu, lots of other things to try, but when we want a reliable pizza dinner, Randazzo's is who we will go to first!
I eat here a few times a month when I don't feel like cooking. Staff is always friendly when I pick up my food. My go to is usually a cheesesteak and cheese fries. All the cheese!
