What do you do, when you have to go to the DMV and it's 93° outside ? You reward yourself by going to Ray's Café and Tea House around the corner! I went there today after a not so bad visit to the DMV. Aimee and Grace (coffee guru) took very good care of me. The place is very small, but you know it was good because two policeman (bicycle cops) were there eating & they had the prime location. The prime location is  across from the coffee siphoning apparatus for which Ray's is famous. I sat near the window facing the bar so that I too could watch the siphoning process. But why I was really there was for the dumpling sampler And the Taiwan beef noodle soup. And of course I was there for coffee. The coffee is famous and it should be it's delicious. I had ice coffee with the dumpling sampler meal which came with lightly pickled cucumber which is delicious. Actually everything was delicious! 

Dumpling sampler 5/5
Ice coffee 5/5 (came with a tea cookie-white chocolate dipped and decorated with jimmies)
yamcha coffee 5/5 ($8/cup but worth it, also came with a tea cookie -dark chocolate dipped and decorated with jimmies)
White truffle cake 4/5 (tasted slightly minty but I'd order it again)

I took home most of the cake (I'd three bites) because I was full from two servings of coffee, two cookies and one dumpling sampler and pickles. I also took home another order of cucumbers, the leek dumplings and their famous Taiwan beef noodle soup. I will add follow up on the soup and leek dumplings  after I try all. I verified the dumplings and soup are made in-house. I didn't ask about the truffle cake. After an Ice coffee and dumplings followed by a hot coffee, some cake and another cookie I'm filled to the gills with caffeine and carbs! I'm so happy even after a visit to the DMV, Ray's has special powers !!!

Take out haul:
Taiwan beef soup: frankly the beef was a little game-y and too salty 3/5 I've had better and closer to home. I wouldn't order it again.
Scallion dumplings: dough was light/noodle-texture and filling was mung bean noodle and scallions- not full of flavor. The dipping sauces made them delicious but on their own dumplings, were just okay. I'd try them in-house again, perhaps the texture will be different  4/5

All was packaged for takeout expertly!
Still the best!

Are you cold and in need of some lovingly prepared food? Would hot and sour soup and house lo men noodles hit the spot? Would you like to have some lovely dumplings or /and decadent desserts ? Would you like to have some General Tso's chicken? How about sesame chicken prepared without breading? Cool huh? Would you like it to go or delivered? Either way It will arrive piping hot and beautifully packaged - leak free!! You can have all this and more just by ordering it for delivery or pickup from my favorite coffee house on the planet! Oh by the way the coffee is fantastic too! And it's all delicious and just as expected. I didn't take photos but rest assured it's all beautiful looking and delicious and frankly I have enough food for the next several days and nights. Tonight I dined on a serving of house lo Mein which is enough for two-four people  - there is plenty leftover for tomorrow's lunch. I also enjoyed the hot and sour soup and three different dumplings. 

This family owned and run business offers quality and quantity and they are lovely people too!

What more could you want?
Ray's Café & Teahouse on North 9th Street on the eastern end of Chinatown, has been brewing incredible coffee since the mid-90s.  The ambiance is def Taiwanese old school, with Grace and son working the Hario syphon butane java makers with aplomb and verve.  The best locally roasted beans are used to make single cups of joe, that are delivered to the table on a small tray, with doily and excellent butter cookie aboard. Little spout of milk on the side. 

The Ethiopian Yirgacheffe beans from Main Line Coffee Roasters, were freshly ground the moment before their boiling bath and syphoning through the beautiful glass system, producing a superb cuppa joe. Not to put too fine a point on it, but this was among the very best coffee I have ever enjoyed. To watch Grace make my cup from grinding through pouring, was to see an artist at work. Perfect temperature. Perfectly balanced acidity.  A pleasure to imbibe. Easy to become addicted.  The Hario equipment was lined up on her counter, and the butane burner emitted a cool blue flame that brought the filtered water to a boil and flushed it up the tube and down through the coffee against a cloth filter.  Pure alchemy! 

Even the butter cookie with the colorful sprinkles was a winner. Hard and crisp, the way it should be. 

Yes. At $5 a cup, this is not for the faint hearted. But, for coffee lovers and mavens, going to Ray's is a trip to the mountaintop to sit at the feet of the javamaster.
A slivered silver lining of a pandemic is when one of your favorite places in the whole world starts delivering!!! And when they are so kind, appreciative, remember your name and treat you very special then wow! If you're lucky enough to live in their delivery area - you're in for something very special / many treats!!! 

Hey there, don't just order a coffee, order enough to feed you (and others lucky enough to be enjoying your endless company) for more than one meal. Who doesn't love leftovers? Plus ordering extra means truly supporting a favorite spot (and way better than surplus tp, c'mon now)! 

Remember to tip and remember to CALL IT IN! These independent business owners don't need online services chipping away at their precious profit margins. Please do all of that and you'll be rewarded with delicious food and kindness. I ordered a ton of food and sweets too. Please don't worry I'm not planning to eat it all at once - I'll be savoring the flavors. My heart is full of love today. I'd an amazingly delicious curry chicken dumpling, shrimp spring rolls and a tea cookie. I'm trying not to over do it; hopefully I'll have these delicious items for several days. 

Delivery was fast and smooth and it was expertly packed. I'm already thinking about what i plan to order next time! What more could you want?
I had this place bookmarked for some time and was glad to finally get to try it, but after today's oddly awkward and rude service from the older lady who took our order, I'd definitely have to think twice before recommending this place to anyone else. 

I didn't mind that there was a lack of service since the beginning, since Chinatown isn't exactly known for great service in general, and I even tipped generously before leaving, despite the unpleasant service (I'm actually regretting it a little). They are open continuously from lunch to dinner on Saturdays, and my sister and I were in around 4pm, far from their closing time. There was no one else in the restaurant, yet for some reason, we were continuously rushed by our server. 

The older lady who served us kept pressing for our order before we had a chance to look at the menu. She was short with us and didn't seem to be in a good mood, but I didn't make too much of it. Out of consideration, we hurriedly looked at the menu and ordered some food and coffee items, which turned out a bit overpriced for the quality. The coffees looked nice in presentation, but tasted a bit too sweet and lacked flavor, which didn't justify their $5+ price tags. 

I had kept a menu on the table with the intent of ordering some dumplings closer to dinner time (it was still before 6pm), but while I was catching up with my sister, the older lady kept on interrupting us and rudely asking whether I was still going to order more food. I asked her if they were closing soon, despite the posted closing time of 8:30pm, and she said grudgingly: "No, but you guys have been here for a long time!"

Not sure what was going through her mind, since they would still have to keep an empty shop open even if we hurried with our orders. She just helped me save half of the money I intended to spend there. I was considering this place for a potential meet-up spot with friends, but after today, I definitely don't feel motivated to recommend it to anyone or to come back. Fortunately, there's no shortage of nice coffee shops in Philly.
I visited Ray's Cafe after seeing a show on PBS recently. The program was about the unusual process involved in brewing their coffee.
I stopped by there on a cold afternoon, hoping to get a good cup of coffee to help warm me up. I met the owner, Grace and asked her to suggest one of the many varieties of coffee she stocked from around the world. 
She asked me a few questions about the types of coffee I preferred and presented me with a steaming cup of Ethiopian Yirgacheffe coffee. The coffee was rich and full bodied with a delicious, mocha finish. I was both warm and happy with her choice.
Now I was hungry. I remembered that back in the day Ray's used to serve the most tender, delicious dim sum/dumplings in town. I asked Grace about them and she said "They still are".
I ordered the Seaweed salad with ginger & garlic and the Curry chicken dumplings pan fried. Everything was just as I remembered, in fact, even tastier. 
There's something to say about a business that manages to keep a certain level of consistency throughout the years.
I thought that I knew amazing Chinese restaurants. I thought I knew the coffeehouses that used the best preparation methods. And I thought that I would never see a Chinese restaurant combined with a coffeehouse vibe that could actually be good. But one stop here for lunch has single handedly taught me otherwise.

I met up with Eric F. and Aaron O. for some lunch and I can honestly say that it was an one of the most uplifting experiences in coffee drinking that I've ever had. I was tempted to go for all and try the Jamaican Blue Mountain, but just saying Brazilian Bourbon Santos rolled off my tongue and into my tastebuds, so it was an easy sale. It was easily the strongest yet smoothest cup I've ever had, and the tray and cup, and delicious butter cookie that it came with would make any tea set collector jealous. and lets just say that siphoning system is a sight that you need to see for yourself.

The food is delicious in it's own right too. I went with the chow fun fried rice which was ripe with chicken, shrimp, egg, onion, and peas (pork for you if you want it but none for me.). The service was also perfect in every detail, especially when they bought out the complimentary fruit at the end. I'm sold!
This is not your typical Chinatown restaurant.  If you are looking for MSG, greasy standards, you are at the wrong place.  

Ray's is a cozy cafe that I visit at least once a week.  They serve a variety of dishes in REASONABLE portions.  The lady that works there is so nice, and ensures that when I go with my boyfriend he gets the masculine blue dishes, while I get the flowery feminine dishes.  It's the details like that that make Ray's my favorite place to go.
I liked this place. It was on a quiet street in chinatown, not noisy at all, and very comfortable. Don't forget the adorable plates and bowls. Okay. 

Food varies. The drinks are really nice, the mango smoothie's amazing. Coffee isn't bad either, they have a nice selection of authentic coffee for coffee lovers. Pricy, 9$ for a cup, but it's the nice kind. Okay.

 I don't really care for the dumplings. Definitely not the house soup noodle. It's seriously boiling vegetables in water, then adding a random assortment of mushrooms, other veggies, egg, and meat. I feel like they take everything they left over from other dishes and boiled it with soft noodles. My favorite is the cold sesame noodle and tomato rice with chicken. Okay. 

Service, however, is not okay. Understatement. It's terrifyingly horrible. 

I've been here 5 times and have always left generous tip because although the lady doesn't communicate with us much or is overly attentive, she seemed nice. I liked the atmosphere. So i did the job of a customer to express my appreciation. Every. Time.

Today I went and ordered my food politely. But the boss decides to say these words to my face, before she even left with the order. 

"This is dine in, so you know you have to leave 15-18% tip. This is your choice, if you don't want to leave tip you can order take out. Do you want to order take out? Because you've been here many times and you never leave tip. Last time you left a dime." and she left. 

How in the world does she think she has the right to scold me? Incredible. I am so sure that I've always left more than the 18% tip she so grudgingly specified. The food isn't even that good, but I keep on returning because I thought it was a friendly place with a nice atmosphere. And I believe that tip is simply a way to express gratitude to good service, which is completely up to me, not her. Are those few dollars really worth losing a potential regular? She scolded me like a mother would to her misbehaving child, I can't describe how rude and offensive it was. And she had the audacity to do it. She had the audacity to tell me to leave tip after scolding me. 

Congratulations. You just lost a regular.
Ray's Café is a (not-so) hidden treasure of Philly's Chinatown. It's located away from the more popular haunts on 10th street, but it's a great little establishment where you can grab a quick meal (they specialize in Taiwanese cuisine) or ruminate life over specialty teas or coffee.

My friend and I visited Ray's Café on a rainy Saturday afternoon. They had just opened for the day, so the shop was pretty empty but we were greeted by the friendly staff and were quickly seated. Ray's doesn't have much in terms of decor, but what you're really there for is the food and drinks! On with it.

We started off with an order of Pork & Napa dumplings as well as our drinks. Now, reading some other Yelp reviews, I knew I had to try the "Syphon"-brewed coffee. It's pretty pricey (a cup runs $5-$10 depending on the coffee), but I thought I would splurge a bit since my trip to Philly was a vacation-of-sorts. 

Now, the Syphon-brewed coffee is only available for the specialty coffees that Ray's has featured, which are sourced from around the world. I opted for the Japanese charcoal-roasted coffee. Now, the fun part -- watching it brew from behind the counter in this contraption straight out of a mad scientist's library. It's pretty neat to watch the water bubble and the coffee infuse, and the end product was a smooth, silky cup of coffee. The Japanese roast was mild and not very acidic. It paired great with just a touch of cream and sugar. The coffee is also served with a little cookie!

Now, the food. The aforementioned dumplings came in an order of eight, and they were juicy, hot, and delicious. I enjoyed the texture of the dumpling skin, which was a bit thicker than I'm used to, and the flavors of the filling. For my entrée, I opted for the Taiwanese beef noodle soup, which was perfect for the brisk, gloomy day. There were plentiful noodles, beef, and veggies all submersed in a rich, flavorful broth. It was a very cost-friendly meal that left me plenty stuffed.

Overall, Ray's colored me impressed and I definitely want to come back next time I'm in Philly. They have plenty more coffee options and Taiwanese food options left to try!

Some Final Tips:
- It's a small shop, so larger groups probably aren't the best, but tables can comfortably accommodate four people. 
- Brunch items are served on Saturdays!
- Closed on Sundays!
Just so good every time. I wish it was bit more stylish but the food and coffee are crazy good. Best Ice Coffee in the city. And only $2 . The good is simple Taiwanese but just so good. They are very reasonable.
I never thought I'd give 5 stars for American Chinese, much less want to enter any establishment sponsoring this cuisine. 

However my fellow Yelpers and their glowing reviews, especially about the coffee, plus a need to pay my 23848374534th visit to the nearby PennDOT (see review - it's a scorcher) made it all come together. 

And so it was, today, that I took my thick-thighed strides up 9th Street, natty in my starch-fresh Lacoste, until I reached the door.

Some environments just feel right from the moment you enter them, even if no one's inside, and Ray's is exactly that kind of place. I arrived at a weird off hour of 3 or 3:30pm for Saturday lunch and was greeted outside by a window display of innocent paper tulips. Inside, in the soft pink light, rested a handful of tables, two-tops and four; quiet, clean and expectant, menus upon them, all with good cheer.

I hadn't had coffee all day, so first order of business was to ask for a glass of iced. The older woman who took my order looked upon me, placid and easy. For a moment I remembered how it felt to be in grandma's care. Call me sappy, but it's true.

In short order she returned with my iced coffee, presented beautifully on a saucer with a teeny thimble of cream, and slightly larger beaker of liquid sugar, and then, a happy cookie tipped in red sprinkles. (See cameraphone photos.)

It was delicious and extraordinary.

My food was just as delightful. Shrimp spring roll for app, and Tso's for entree. Each piece of broccoli was perfectly green, fresh and bright. Each moment of chicken dazzled me with a glistening hot crackle, balanced nice by brown rice. (You can get white, too.) 

Every cell in my being joined up to form an electric smile.

They've been around for over 20 years. Now I know why.
So glad I finally got the chance to come here after a couple times of unsuccessfully trying to come and finding out that they are closed.

My friend and I went for dinner, and we got a beef noodle soup and the vegetarian buckwheat noodle soup, both of which were super delicious! (reasonably priced, $6.95 each) I had the buckwheat noodle soup and it came with some really tasty baby bok choy, bamboo, and slices of some meat substitute that was quite good.  The broth was flavored with ginger which made it really fragrant and yummy.  

I really like how all the bowls they use are unique with different patterns and colors, and care in the presentation of the food is taken.

The inside is really cozy and quaint and the service is friendly and attentive without being annoying.  I am definitely planning on coming back to try some of the coffees and other drinks, that looked like they were made with love.  Also the dumpling sampler, which I saw a bunch of people having, looked really awesome.

Hopefully they will be open!
Background: "Ray" is for the Chinese name Lei. The owner is Grace and she opened up Ray's in 1989 with her two sons.

I can't believe I didn't notice this place till a friend recommended we come here for lunch. It's a small and cozy restaurant, definitely felt like "home" for those of us who are Taiwanese :) We were so curious what was in the dishes and how they made them, and Grace didn't hesitate to explain to us. I was really impressed with the authenticity of the food and at times it felt like we were the only customers in the restaurant (even though that wasn't the case) because they were so attentive.

What we got:
* Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup ($11) - Probably never going anywhere else to get this now that I know theirs is legit! Can I talk about how tender the beef was (see picture)? The noodles were soft and thick, apparently fresh and locally made. There was a good mix of box choy + pickled cabbage ("suan cai" or "sour vegetables" made from Chinese mustard...but I was so surprised that this was sweet! Such a nice touch!). The broth was so rich and delicious that we took it to go.
* Dumpling Sampler ($9.75) - There were 4 kinds of dumplings (2 each): pork and cabbage, curry chicken, pork and chives, vegetable. I honestly liked them all and enjoyed the diversity of fillings as well as dough (texture and flavor). All very unique and the presentation looked great. 
* Yang Chow Fried Rice ($9) - A really light and fluffy fried rice! Love that it wasn't dry like other places I've been to and there was a good mix of chicken, pork, and shrimp with veggies. My Chinese friend said "This is the best Yang Chow Fried Rice I've ever had" haha--we have a winner, folks!

Grace gave us a complimentary order of spring rolls to top it all off. I'm obsessed, can't wait to introduce all my Taiwanese friends and visitors to this place! :)
This is my first yelp post ever (I think) and I'm starting because I felt like I just had to leave a review. 

I came with a friend around 9:30 am. I had heard really good things about the dumpling sampler and was really disappointed to hear that they didn't serve food before 11. However, the woman (owner?) made an exception for us! We were also the only two there at the time. The dumplings were THE BEST either of us ever had, and I'm Taiwanese and my friend is a Japanese international student. We got the sampler and there were 4 different types. Pork and leek, vegetable, curry and another one. I did not expect to like the vegetable one but it was unique and had some type of mashed texture on the inside. The curry one was nice and crispy but a little spicy for my taste. You really don't even need the sauces they give you but the sauces are good too. 

The coffee was really good too. I'm not a regular coffee drinker but when I do like to drink mine black to taste the different notes. I got the Japanese charcoal one and was pleased with the slight sweetness. It was very smooth. The butter cookies were also delicious. These are ones you'll want to savor. We only had two each. One comes with the coffee and we bought a box of them to take back.

The decor is very cute and homey. Loved seeing the workers make the coffee around the cafe. Next time will def try the tea, maybe even the bubble tea.
I was in Philadelphia for a conference a week or so back, and I picked this place as a non-tourist eatery for a lunch meeting based on the Yelp reviews, and I'm very glad I did. Go go gadget Yelp!

The menu goes on for miles and miles, with many different Chinese cuisine options.  We were there for lunch, so I had the dumpling sampler lunch special.  Lunch began with an adorable plate holding a tea cup and a little cookie, (much like the little dipped-and-sprinkled cookies you get in Italian bakeries), which I saved for last.  This was followed by a cutie little cup of fabulous vegetarian Hot and Sour Soup (I was surprised there was so much egg in the soup, perhaps it's a south-of-NY thing?).

The dumplings are not small, and it's a really nice variety of chicken, pork, and veggie dumplings.  The chicken curry dumplings were deep fried, the rest were the standard doughy pan-fried style, and all of them were yummy delish *and* filling.  A lovely dish carrying two sweet and decorative cups of dipping sauces -- one hot saucy and the other more the dark soy sauce style -- which were really a nice accompaniment to the dumplings.

The service was quite good, and very sweet.  An older woman took the order, while a very tall younger woman stood beside her; for the rest of the meal, the younger woman did most of the dish carrying.  We wanted for nothing our entire meal, and they seemed nicely sensitive to our conversation when it came to food delivery.

For lunchtime place, I'd highly recommend it.  The next time I'm in Philly, I'll definitely go back. :)
I have been coming to Ray's off and on for the past 20 years for coffee and Taiwanese food.  We haven't been back in a while but it is always a nostalgic experience.  The decor is a little tired - the Formica on the counter is chipped, the tables have cardboard shims under the legs, and the wallpaper is separating at the seams.    The coffee still drips from the elaborate set ups on the counter and the siphons are readied to make you the freshest cup of coffee.   The chalkboard still lists the specials and the owner and son run the place.

We arrived around 5 on Saturday night.  We ordered our 20 year old favorite - the dumpling sampler which was served with the traditional dumpling sauce as well as a hot pepper sauce.  It includes 2 traditional pork and napa cabbage dumplings, plus 2 pork and leek dumplings, one shrimp, and one vegetable dumplings--all pan fried.   In addition you get 2 deep fried chicken curry dumplings.   All were plump and delicious, but tepid.   While our dumplings were ready to serve, the waiter opted to write and get payment for another table.   We ordered two entees to share, the young chow fried rice and the General Tso's chicken.    Both tasted great but the fried rice came out before we finished the dumplings and way before the chicken.  The fried rice is light and different from anything else you have tasted.  Our plates were filled with dumpling sauce but we weren't offered fresh plates for the entree.

When our server cleared our dinner plates, he asked if we wanted anything else.  We responded yes. And he said, I'll get you your check!   We told him we wanted to order coffee, and so we did.   For $6.50, you can get the best cup of Yemen mocha, siphon prepared.   It's freshly ground, smooth, and the perfect temperature served with fresh cream and a sweet cookie.

The food and coffee are great.  The service is poor and the place needs a renovation.     If you pay by credit card, there is a one dollar surcharge.   For that reason it's three stars out of five for Ray's
Really cozy, family-owned coffee, tea, and smoothie spot. Wouldn't recommend if you want pastries (pastries just seem store-bought), but great for catching up with friends over tea. 

Atmosphere: quite small space, with maybe 10-15 spots for seating. Owner is very kind.

Drinks: Smoothies are amazing - you can blend different fruit, and perfect if you don't want a smoothie too artificially sweetened; also not too sour. Green tea matcha was prepared very well as well. 

Overall: 5 / 5 - smoothies are delicious, and I love the space & drinkware! A less well-known spot, but a great experience!
This place is truly amazing. It has the cozy intimate corner coffee shop feeling. Also the lady that works there is so sweet she always makes an effort to know your name and greets you. Her name is grace and she's the owner I believe. The coffee also is super amazing. It's really light and smooth. I'm no coffee expert but I really like it more than Starbucks. That means a lot because I drink a lot of Starbucks. I come in here few times a week and she remembers my order and makes it just the way I like it. I can tell that I'm going to be a costumer for a long time.
When I lived in Philadelphia before, Ray's Cafe and Teahouse was a reliable go-to spot for food, tea and coffee. Once, well over a year ago, when my girlfriend and I were in Philly to visit, we stopped at Ray's for some coffee but we hadn't gotten back during the year-plus since we've moved here. We finally got back yesterday and I was curious to find out if it's still the awesome Taiwanese restaurant it had always been.

I happy to report it lives up to my fond memories.

For lunch, we ordered two of my favorite dishes: the leek boxes for an appetizer and the sesame shrimp with broccoli for an entree. The leek boxes are similar to pan-fried dumplings and are stuffed with egg, glass noodles, and, of course, leeks. We also shared a bowl of beef noodle soup. As I remembered, everything was fresh and nicely prepared. Most dishes at Ray's are pretty simple and I mean that as a compliment. Nothing is overly fancy and the care of preparation shines. 

We finished our meals with a couple of siphon coffees. An argument could be made that this is the best coffee in the city. The coffee always comes in a unique mug and is accompanied by a small cookie. A nice touch.

I'm glad after several years that Ray's is a good as I remembered it to be and won't be waiting too long to get back.
The coffee selection here is perfect for coffee lovers/connoisseurs. They have a great selection of blends from around the world so definitely venture out and try something new and exciting! They also have tea as well, i haven't tried it but based on the great coffee selection the tea might be great as well. The staff is always friendly and service is pretty quick. They have seating available and the place is never busy if you are looking for a quiet place to get some work done. Great spot to check out if you are in chinatown!
We've been going to Ray's since '96 or so, and very little has changed, other than the menu specials. That's a good thing.

We're vegetarian, so there aren't many options for us, entree-wise, but that's OK - we come for the vegetable dumplings and leek boxes, green tea milkshakes and hands down, the best coffee I've ever had, cold-drip or otherwise.

Last night, as part of our Philly trip ritual, we stopped by to get our few dozen dumplings and leek boxes to go. I ordered a drip coffee for me an my 14-year old son, and on his first sip he said, "oh my god, that's the best coffee I've ever had."

The 12-hour drip and proprietary blend of coffees is the secret. Get some and be blown away. And some dumplings.
Coffee review only

4.5 stars

I saw Ray's Cafe on the top 10 coffee spots in philly. I actually been here for food and tea years ago and it was a really great experience then (yes, i remember). I wasn't a big coffee fan back then, but now, i'm on a mission to try the best of the best in philly.

The first day i went, it was rainy and a hot cup of coffee was called for. Never being here, i didn't know what to expect or how to proceed. The multiple menus (outside windows and inside right whenyou walk in) was a bit overwhelming. I felt a bit awkward starting a conversation with the owner about coffee ...My traditional Asian side came out, you order stuff and don't ask questions, particularly when speaking to older asians. 

I was under the impression they served exclusively siphon'd coffee. So i asked for a coffee, black. I wondered, "where's the magic that Bill M. wrote about???" It was basically their house brew. The coffee itself was actually pretty good. A lot of flavors and smooth finish. That was already positive despite not being what i intended. 

The next day, i came back and was on a mission to read the menu and order the correct coffee.  I found the area on the menu that said siphon'd coffee. The first 5-8 coffees were out of my budget for the day, so i opted for the $5 house blend. Then the MAGIC began! The preparation and execution of brewing coffee this method is definitely pretty cool seeing. Its almost like a novelty but a necessary science to achieve a different type of brewed coffee. THe description of the house blend did say it would have hazelnut flavors.. but i didn't realize how strong it would be. I'm not really into flavored coffee. The finished product was a nice cup of coffee, but not my preference. I may try another flavor out when i return. Compared to their regular house brew, i prefer that. 

I do strongly suggest coffee lovers to try the siphon coffee out at least once! It is a pretty cool experience.
Wow.  I really like this place.  I only got an iced green tea.  I just love that it doesn't feel all stereotypical and chinatown-y and that they were playing pearl jam when I came in. 

The iced green tea was really good too.
The only place in Philadelphia to get authentic Hawaiian Kona or Jamacian Blue.   Don't be afraid to try something new, the Japanese charcoal blend is actually better than the kona!

Coffee  here is done right, perfectly brewed with a vacuum type system.
Had I not read favorable reviews, I would never have chanced visiting this small non-descript restaurant.  Thank goodness for yelp's enlightenment!

The hot and sour soup was the best I've ever tasted . . .admirably spicy with some crunchie vegetables.

Having been weaned to spicy tastes by my West African aide (I am a paraplegic), I couldn't resist trying an extra appetizer  . . the cabbage salad.  It was a real sizzler and most enjoyable.

My entre was billed as Hot & Spicy Chicken (or something like that).  It was not as hot as the previous dishes, but very tasty.

The server was very willing and anxious to please, but too quick. I had to give him a parting lecture on the virtue of slowing down, with particular emphasis on NEVER having two courses on the table at the same time. He received the criticism graciously.

All in all, as you can see from my rating, I liked this restaurant very much, and plan to return in the near future.
Yemen Mocha. Dumpling sampler. I don't know what drugs they put into those two delightful items, but I end up craving them multiple times a week. 

Everything about this place is lovely. From the woman owner, who is sweet as pie. To the sugar cookie that comes on the side of your tea or coffee. To the adorable doily the cookie sits on. To the unique plates and mugs your order is served with. 

Just.... adorable.
I ONLY drink coffee from Ray's... I don't make it at home, I don't go to Starbucks, etc. This coffee is smooth, nutty, almost chocolatey. Was buying my morning (and afternoon and evening) coffee there for years before I decided to give the food a try -- something about the combination coffee shop/chinese restaurant seemed weird to me, but WOW do I regret not trying the food sooner. I highly recommend the Sesame Chicken lunch special. It's pan fried, not deep fried like most Sesame Chic. dishes, perfectly spiced (a little hot, the way I like it). Long story short -- go for the coffee, stay for the food. 

P.S. Grace, the woman that works the counter is a total sweet heart. I told her my name ONCE for a take out order and she's welcomed me to the shop by name ever since.
Walking in on December 23rd, Ray's looked like a holiday workshop, because they were getting together all sorts of baskets and things.  I'm not sure if this was new for COVID times or if they do this every year, but I loved it!  You could immediately tell things were hustling and bustling with love here.  

I ordered a peach mango tea and my date had a latte with a mushroom omelet.  He said he enjoyed both of them.  I liked the tea - the brand they use tastes very natural, which is why I think it's worth paying a dollar or two more than you would at a large chain.  

I'd absolutely come back here when I'm in the neighborhood again.  Next time I'm definitely ordering food, too.  ;)
I've been coming to Ray's for years. I only ever get the iced coffee, but there's a reason for that; it's the best iced coffee I've ever had. 

The shop is a rather plain and homely affair, but it doesn't need to be more than it is because the product says everything. 

It's always a pleasant interaction with the proprietors. They are receptive and efficient.
This is one of my new favorite gems in Philly. (Warning: love letter ahead)

It's a cozy space so when we went for breakfast on a Saturday morning all the tables were taken - we were prepared to wait, but they cleared off a table just so we could sit right away!! (At this point, my heart was already full.)

I had never had siphon coffee before, so the owner's son (we never got his name but with my creepy detective skills, I think his name is Lawrence) told us all about how the process works while we watched him brew it right in front of us (it looks like a chemistry experiment!). I got the sumiyaki and my friend got the Jamaican blue coffee and Lawrence gave us the extras from both so that we could try each other's. Looking at the coffee, you can tell it's going to be the smoothest coffee you've ever had. I'm not even a regular coffee drinker, and when I do I usually have a latte, but I was able to drink the siphon coffee black (probably because it was also accompanied by a cute little chocolate-dipped shortbread cookie that is from the same Greek place they've been getting them from for the last 30 years). It's pricey but well worth it!

We also ordered the beef tomato rice which was like tomato egg rice (the ultimate classic Chinese comfort food) with corn/peas/carrots, beef, and ketchup. So so cozy. We also got the popular dumpling sampler; they were all plump and juicy and everything I wanted.

There was delicious homemade chili oil as well, which is a labor of love by Lawrence's brother who grinds the peppers himself and has to arm himself with goggles/gloves when he makes it. You can take some home for about $4 a container - do it and thank me later.

My friend and I were enjoying our morning slowly so by the end of the meal we had talked to Lawrence quite a bit. After we got the check he even gave us a slice of the cheesecake (I LOVE cheesecake so to say I was excited is an understatement) which was accompanied by coffee jelly and espresso beans. The cheesecake was smooth, creamy, and not too sweet. It was made by his brother who came up with a recipe from lots of Youtube research and taste testing by a friend who is also a cheesecake aficionado. 

The hospitality I experienced here reminded me of why I love Philly so much, and you can see how much pride the Ray family has in their cafe and how much care and intentionality was involved in the food/drinks from beginning to end (even in selecting the dishes/utensils). I hope it stays around for many many more years to come, and next time I'm in town it'll be my first stop!
Ray's Cafe is chronically underrated, which irks me. They're unlike any other place in Chinatown. My family has been coming here for years. I remember being delighted when a high school friend suggested we go for dinner. It's such a hidden gem, yet she knew about it.

Their menu includes a variety of exotic coffees and teas that you won't find elsewhere. The food here is incredibly fresh and tastes less salty than other Chinese food I've had, which I like.

The last time I was here, I ordered wonton soup, the dumpling sampler, and shrimp fried rice. We shared the last two things. The fried rice is among my favorite ever and has a taste and texture unlike anything else. You might think, "It's just fried rice," but I can assure you it isn't. I'm not even sure if it includes soy sauce, but whatever it's got going on, it's perfect. The dumpling sampler is a must-order and features two each of four kinds: veggie, pork, pork and leek, and chicken curry.

Each visit to Ray's is such a treat. I'll continue to frequent them, especially when I'm in the mood for a hot beverage with my meal. The lovely owner even served us each a complimentary cup of one of their most popular teas, along with a cookie!
The matriarch of Rays (Miss Grace) blessed me this afternoon with the best coffee I've ever had in my life. Next I ordered the sesame chicken, delicious! This is my second time dining in Rays Cafe and I love everything about this quaint and intimate shop. I believe they are doing a great service for the community by serving quality food
After a cheer competition at the convention center my family and I thought it would be nice to have lunch in Chinatown. I jumped on here for help of course and came across Ray's Café & Teahouse. It was worth the walk too. This super cute restaurant was the perfect way to spend our afternoon. This little Restaurant was cute, clean, had amazing food and even better service. We ordered the dumpling appetizer, hey were delicious. 

My mother and I had to order some tea because we were at the Teahouse duh. My mom was so impressed by the variety of coffee flavors. There was a good number of regulars that stopped in for their tea/coffee to go so that's always nice to see. We ordered the general tso's chicken + Shrimp with the fried rice. Everything was very fresh. There was a kick to it but nothing harsh. 

I was definitely pleased with Ray's My little cheerleader enjoyed her ice cream and even that was yummy. If we come back for the flower show we are absolutely going to go back here for lunch. I'm glad we got to visit this family owned restaurant, see you guys soon!!
I'm a sucker for aesthetics.
While the interior isn't designed like a lot of "cafés" (i.e. plants, mason jars), the food is the real beauty here. The food is vibrant in color and their offerings are strategically placed on corresponding dishware.

We ordered the General Tso chicken and the dumpling sampler. The GT lunch special came with a side, so we ordered the seaweed salad.
It wasn't the slimy, radiant green seaweed salad that I was used to. It looked like the seaweed you get stuck between your toes at the beach. It was different, but not bad.

The GT chicken and the dumpling sampler were great though. The breading on the GT was tasty and hearty, but didn't overpower the amount of chicken. You know what I'm talking about - when you're eating a piece of chicken, only to find out that it's 90% breading and the tiniest piece of chicken. Yeah - not here! The chicken was plump and juicy. 
Also, do yourself a favor and get the dumpling sampler.

I got the iced cappuccino and it was topped with whipped cream and pirouettes - super cute and refreshing! Hands down better than any frappuccino at Starbucks.
Spectacular coffee made through a "24-hour drip" process.  A must-try for coffee lovers.
If you stop by Philadelphia's Chinatown then you must drop by Ray's Cafe & Teahouse. Sporting an elegant, cozy seating environment (something like Starbucks minus the couches) - they offer the best coffee I have ever had to date. (Much much better than those franchise coffee places) 

Their coffee is bred to perfection as you literally taste every drop that goes through your mouth. When you are done, you feel so energized and satisfied that you will probably order another one. 

I had the Hawaiian (their top of their line coffee aka the "King" of coffee) served very elegantly in small tray which also comes with a delicious cookie. Wow, halfway through it my mind just lit up and I could not stop smiling. 

I also ordered a regular ice coffee which was very delicious, and ice coffee with vanilla ice cream which was just as great. But it is their hot coffee which shines the most. 

One drawback is you will pay a price - it is very expensive. The Hawaiian cost 7 dollars for a mere cup. (literally, a cup) But, if you make this an occasional trip - it won't hurt you but only give you instant satisfaction.  Their ice coffee runs about 5 dollars and you won't get much either but to me it was worth the experience for a traveler. 

One more thing I highly recommend as your are sipping their delicious coffee. Actually, two. First, I highly recommend you to try their Dumpling Sampler - which 5 different sets of delicious dumplings. I mean - these aren't your regular asian dumplings - they are made to literal perfection and when combined with their two different sauces - only pushes it beyond perfection.The Dumpling Sampler includes 2 Veggies(very very good), 2 fried curry chicken (very good and crispy), 2  chicken ( the most average ) , 2 pork with leek (very good), and one more which I forgot. They are also beautifully served in a traditional chinese dish, and a marvel because all come in different colors! 

Again, you pay the price because it cost $7.50 for 10 dumplings. Second, try their smoothies! I had a mango smoothie and I was stunned that they also produce smoothies as good as their coffee!

Remember to visit when in Philly! I'll add pictures of their food and storefront soon.

P.S - They take credit cards on orders 15 dollars and over combined. Also, I saw many people did not leave tips because they feel they are at a Starbucks environment; but please leave tips because you are being served. This is not Starbucks.
So i'm new to the area since my new position in my career. I looked up frantically where to get a good espresso. I was told that Ray's is the place to go. my second day in the area and I go to Ray's to try their espresso and sadly i'm not a fan. I've had a lot better and since I've found another place that's named after somewhat after a country..hint it's "Columbia"

My co-worker seems to love Ray's coffee, I remember when I went to Ray's I saw an extensive coffee list and saw a coffee for $10 and the cheapest $5, well the house blend is $3. I said what the...  really ? Anyway, on my way into work I found a spot near Ray's and thought I'd like to try this coffee I keep reaping reading about. I walk in and take a look, I want try a $5 coffee, figure whats the big deal. I ask for the Colombian. The nice owner reaches up to the marked container and put fresh beans in the grinder. Next the water in the syphon what looks to be scientific, I guess after all if you want great coffee it's all about science.

I watched in amazement how this works. I was asked cream and sugar, sure I said but not to sweet, I want to taste the coffee. to my first sip, I was shocked at how great coffee can be. the flavors popped and my taste buds were alive. Dunkin who ? wawa what ? starbucks, really ?  This place has gotten me wanting to try all the beans offered. It's that pronounced of flavor and taste. 

Ray's may not be good for espresso (to my liking) but the coffee, WOW ! i'll be back. I also hear that the food is good as well. i'll have to try that soon too.  Enjoy your coffee  and don't be scared to pay the money, it'll be well worth it, I'm glad I did and now I know what good coffee is.
Rays has great coffee made in a very unique way. I'm not sure how to describe it. A siphon? The dumplings are excellent! It's been around for a while and it looks it. Still a real wonderful find. Very good service. But just order appetizers.
Good food and drinks and the workers are real humble. Their general tsos chicken is pretty good. They give you big chunks of white meat and not a lot of flour. The dumplings and eggs rolls are good too.
coffee siphons!!

ok i am by no means a coffee connoisseur. in fact, i'm all the way at the other end of the spectrum, drinking coffee only a handful of times a year. but i think it's pretty awesome when a coffee shop has authentic equipment-- says something about the quality of the caffeine here. 

the coffee selection is fairly large, but i didn't recognize most of it. instead, i came for the milk tea. it is, after all, chinatown. 

my friend and i both ordered hot milk teas (hers green, mine black). i love the way milk tea is served here: two tea bags soaked in a cup of steaming hot milk. no sugar added. so simple and pure.

because the milk tea isn't made from a powdery mix and boiling water, the drink itself is much more creamy and flavorful. although lipton (green tea) and english breakfast (black tea) aren't my teas of choice, it worked well in this case. since the drinks weren't overloaded with sugar, we were able to really appreciate the slightly bitter taste of the tea offset by the sweet taste of the milk. 

you can bet i'll be coming back soon!
This place is wooooonderful! The best boba I've ever had. The owner and her son were so nice and welcoming. I wish I lived here so I could go back frequently!
Rude service and terrible attitude. I was trying to conduct a short business meeting and was told to leave by the woman behind the counter.
Such a great little cafe! Best coffee in China Town by far (although there aren't that many coffee shops in China Town). Added bonus...the cookies and muffins are amazing AND don't hesitate to ask for the rocket-fuel powered coffee they keep on the down-low.
It was late night on a weekday and we needed to kill some time. After Yelping nearby cafes, we decided on Ray's for some tea -- didn't want to mess with our chances of getting beauty sleep. 

At first, we were underwhelmed. The decor was a little cluttered, the furniture rickety, and glancing over their menu, we realized they weren't serving the kind of tea we were hoping for (cheaper and non-caffeinated). But, being amiable adventurers, we made peace with trying out their coffee instead. 

Despite having already consumed an unreasonable amount of caffeine earlier that day, COFFEE WAS WORTH IT. Ray's and co take coffee seriously, like they import that special Japanese charcoal blend straight from Japan. We ordered three different blends under the siphon option, and all were great, but the charcoal blend really stood out. I had hearts in my eyes when the coffee came out on the colorful trays, with tiny spoons, baby pitchers of cream, and chocolate-dipped butter cookies with sprinkles. 

I can't really speak on the rest of  the menu, but I do know that if I'm ever in the area again and desiring a unique cuppa experience at the starting price of Starbucks, Ray's'll be worth the trip!
Great coffee and it makes me really want to buy a siphon. It's also officially my favorite spot in Chinatown to get milk tea with boba. Their milk tea is actually fresh and made with real milk and tea, unlike other places that use powder. Also, they don't put too much sugar so you can really taste the tea, all for a little over 2 dollars. MMMM!
I've gone to Ray's for quite a while now and I enjoy it. Grace is a very sweet lady and has my order memorized and ready after I walk in. The prices are a bit higher than other coffee shops but I gladly pay it because of the level of service I receive. They have a large variety of coffees and teas and even have siphon set-ups for coffee that make excellent cups of coffee. They have a full menu with Chinese food as well during lunch and dinner. They have a $5 minimum on credit cards but they actually allow me to keep a tab going since I don't always meet that with my regular cup of coffee. They sell full bags of coffee including their own house blend in addition to several other varieties and you can have it ground or whole bean. There is usually several people in there every time I stop by. Overall, the coffee is good and the service is great.
2.5 stars.  This review is based on a single experience, so it may have been an off-day.  I hope, anyway.  I believe this is a Taiwanese-owned/operated place.  If you came here for the coffee, you may be in the luck.  I'm not coffee connoisseur, but they did seem to have a huge variety of coffees and an extraordinary way of brewing some of them, using what looks like labratory equipment.  

But I didn't come here for the coffee, and the food was just okay.  Boyfriend and I both ordered off the lunch menu so it came with several components.  My order came with vegetarian hot and sour soup, coffee with a madeleine, and the main course.  The hot and sour soup and coffee were great, but the main lunch course was a complete misfire.  It was supposed to be walnuts with mushrooms/soy patties next to brown rice, and on the menu it indicated that it was a 'spicy' dish.  Instead, the dish was sickeningly sweet.  Even the walnuts were candied walnuts.  Almost inedible for a lunch course, and too odd to be a dessert course... the sauce it was in was like eating syrup.  

I want to give this place a second chance.  The presentation is way better than your average Chinese joint, and the atmosphere (not the view from the window, though) feels just like a Taiwanese cafe.  

I'll re-review when I get the chance to revisit.
I always stop by Ray's Cafe if I'm in Chinatown.  Their siphon coffee is the best way to start a day.  You've heard about their dumpling sampler.  Delicious.  You also have to try their Young Chow Fried Rice and Grace's Special Beef Noodle Soup.  The latter is my favorite hangover cure.  The service is always great.  If you're like me and support family owned and operated little places, I highly recommend Ray's Cafe & Teahouse.
Ray's is incredible. 

I just ordered a 9 dollar cup of coffee(the jamaican blue mountain) and it was worth every penny. Ok maybe thats not true, that could be the caffeine telling me so, but it was a damn fine cup of coffee nonetheless, maybe the best I've ever had. As a coffee fan, if you're gonna tell me that there is some rare coffee bean that is only grown on some small part of a mountain range in Jamaica and is extremely difficult to export to the states, you better believe I'll pay nine bucks. 

They apply the siphon filter method of brewing here, which beats hand pour and drip or any other method of brewing in my opinion. The menu of coffee here was extensive, you're not just dealing with regular or decaf. They also have boba drinks, and I may have to come back here for the ice coffee with boba. Please, and thank you. 

Definitely a must stop for the coffee fanatic in Philadelphia.
This absolute gem of a coffee and tea house should be designated as a city treasure. When Ray's first opened, my mom and I would stop by to watch the miraculous process of a cup of Blue Mountain coffee being made and sip that heavenly brew between nibbles of sweet pastries and treats. It's a wonderful memory from decades ago, and I am thrilled to see that Ray's is not only still around but doing well.
Super friendly and helpful staff, a great selection of coffee and really good food.

The tea is a bit of a scare at first in terms of price, but that includes almost endless rebrews, so it all evens out
Such a sweet, quaint family-owned little place! When we walked by, we thought it was going to be more of a bubble tea specialty place like so many others we had seen in Chinatown. However, we were presently surprised. They really are more like a traditional Western coffee shop / cafe with baked treats, coffee beans for sale, and fresh brewed sweet tea.

We ordered the sweet tea before leaving to go to a bubble tea shop across the street since that was what we originally had wanted. However, when we arrived at the bubble tea shop, one of my boys begged me to go back and get another sweet tea because he had already finished his and he loved it! So we did, and the mom-daughter duo were so friendly.
Their ice coffee is very smooth, one of the best I've ever had. I ordered by phone, and a lady picked up and I went to get my order and it was ready within ten minutes. They're still open during the pandemic, they're great with the social distancing, someone has to unlock you in, you pay by cash or credit, and theyll have your order waiting by the front table. Very quick and efficient, awesome coffee! I'll be back, support local small businesses during this time!
I enjoyed the fresh squeezed lemonade I ordered as well as the dumpling sampler- my personal favorite was the curried chicken, but they were all good. Sesame noodles had a stronger peanut flavor than I was expecting, but were a nice treat.
My wife and I have been visiting Ray's since 1996, and we try to stop in every time we visit or pass thru Philly. We stopped in last night and were delighted to see that Grace remembered us! We had Ray's vegetable dumplings on one of those visits over 20+ years ago, and in our worldwide travels we've never found better. The firm texture and perfectly diced vegetables! We also get the leek boxes which are a special treat. (We get both frozen to go these days). Paired with the absolute best cold-drip coffee anywhere or a green tea milkshake for the road and you've got a one-of-a-kind experience. I could go on and on, but I'll save something for next time. ;)
This was a 5 star experience turned 2 stars. 
The food: 
Ordered a Japanese siphon coffee and a dirty chai latte. The coffee wasn't spectacular but it was good and really cool to watch it be made. For $8-$12 for siphon coffee, you're paying for that experience. Dirty chai was good. Both came with small pastries which were nice and all presented well. I wish they had better pastry options, or just more. It's a coffee and tea shop, something sweet to eat with those would be great. What they did have (cake slices) looked like it had been sitting there for days. We were overall enjoying the concept and thought it was such a neat place until...
The experience:
The shop is very small and there were two workers there with very soft music playing so we could hear everything they were saying and also felt like we couldn't talk about the drinks or they'd hear everything we were saying. We got our drinks and they started chatting with each other. The male was irate at a bad yelp review they had gotten because of their bathrooms. Awkward to be customers listening to the workers complaining about a yelp review but it was so much worse than that. He was so pissed about this guy and kept going on and on for the entirety of our stay there. He said some things that were pretty obscene. I won't go into detail because I'm not trying to make someone lose their job (also waited quit a while to post about it). We thought this would be a neat place to take people who are visiting but after that experience, we will not be back.
Healthy, no frills cooking. The friendly owner prepares and serves many of the meals herself. The lunch specials are all delicious and my favorite side is the seaweed salad - which is completely different than your average lime green pre-packaged stuff. I like how small the restaurant is (don't bring groups larger than 6), and watching the siphons of coffee that feel like a laboratory. Each meal is followed by a cookie served on a doily which is a homey and sweet end to your meal.
They take credit card. Sweet service, it was like being at home and you can tell that there are a lot of regulars that come here. There is a lot of love and care in the food, and you'll taste it. The restaurant is on a quiet street but it gets a lot of traffic. I had the Taiwanese beef noodles and a seaweed salad. Will come back to try some of their drinks.
Always a must anytime we visit! This is as authentic as it gets. Our staples are the dumpling sampler, the house noodle soup and the house wide noodles. The soup is absolutely the best bowl of food Ive ever had. Grace and her family are wonderful to their customers. We always get a siphoned coffee or chai latte to go! So good!!
Has there been a place that you find completely amazing, yet few people know of...so it feels almost like your own special secret? This is how Ray's feels to me. Few times have I visited while other people were there. I feel like its location amidst the sea of thousands of Chinese food restaurants in Chinatown has kept it a secret. 

I love coffee...and thought I was well-versed and somewhat of a connoisseur, yet I knew nothing of the siphon coffee they prepare at Ray's. They have a bunch of specialty blends (like the $8.50/cup Jamaican Blue Mt), and also a bunch of their own blends (like the "Philadelphia" and "New York" blends).  Each coffee on the menu highlights a different attribute in the bean/blend (acidity, smoothness...) so there is something for everyone! 

So here's the process: A specific amount of the whole bean of the blend/bean of your choice is weighed out, then ground, and placed in what looks like a vacuum filter from a chemistry lab. A flask with water is then placed over a flame with the vacuum filter (containing the coffee) placed on top of it. When the water in the flask boils it travels up into the filter, mixing with the coffee. They stir with what looks like a paintbrush, and when the flame is turned off the now-brewed coffee travels back down into the flask! It's about a 5 minute affair, and what comes out is perfection. Served in a beautiful cup, with a tiny pail of heavy cream and delicious cookie, it is heaven. 

I'm not done yet! The food is friggin AWESOME! I ALWAYS order the shrimp curry rice noodles because it's sooo gooooood! I've eaten some of my friends tofu dishes they ordered and they were delish as well. It tastes so clean and simple, like you're getting a home cooked Taiwanese meal.  There's always a bunch of young guys working there and they just hang out, which makes me think they're a family. That is great :' ) 

You can buy the coffee beans there too, and I would insanely recommend buying the Ray's House blend. It is easily one of the most delicious coffees. It is extremely fragrant but delicate, and has good hints of caramel and hazelnut.  Seriously amazing, I would actually prefer their blend to the Jamaican Blue Mountain! I WORK in a coffee place and am heading there tomorrow to buy a bag-o-beans! 

Check it out, but PLEASE don't make it a trendy hipster hot spot.  No V-necks allowed.
There's a reason why Ray's has been around longer than I've even been alive. 

Actually, three reasons why: Grace and her son provide excellent service, brew amazing coffees and espressos, and make consistently delicious and authentic dishes ranging from Taiwanese beef noodle soup to chicken tomato fried rice (please do yourself a favor and order it next time if you've never tried it before). 

Although I don't go as frequently as I'd like to now, she always remembers me and would say "so nice to see you, it's been a while."
Another place I forgot to review in the moment;  visited here last Saturday after the amazing beef brisket soup at Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House. 

I forget how much I have loved this place over the past decade and then forget to visit it more often.

Hands-down,  THE BEST FRIGGIN CUP OF COFFEE you will ever drink.   It is smooth.  Done in a siphon.   It's elegant to watch the brewing process and even better to savor.  

What blows my mind is that we were the only people in the place on a Sat evening.  It's such a gem,  I wonder if the bleak block of 9th St. where it resides finds people simply by-passing it ...

I won't stay away too long in between visits !
How could this be?  The best coffee in Philadelphia is in a hole-in-the-wall Teahouse in Chinatown.  It's true, It's true.  Their coffee blends and unique drip brewing contraptions make the rest of the coffee café's taste like sewage.  Their blends are aromatic, richly flavored and intense without the overly burnt flavor of Starbucks or other so called "premium" places.  I recently tried their iced coffee too and it was superb but I wish I they would let me regulate how much sugar goes into it.  I don't like my iced coffee overly sweet.   Otherwise, this place is a gem and they have pretty well prepared Chinese food too.  Who would have figured that?
Small yet cozy place to sip on coffee/tea as well as have some food. I believe a mother and son work here together. I would say it gives the place an interesting vibe and in my opinion stands out from other similar places. I've been here a few times and always try something different. I haven't been let down yet but haven't tried any food. 

The mother and son are very nice and treat their guests more like friends. The coffee usually comes with a cookie which is always a great compliment to a hot beverage. They take credit cards here, so it makes things easier if you don't have cash on you. The place has room for I would say around 15 people max and the bathroom is ok. 

I would recommend this place for sure and it's worth the trip. The parking can be a hassle so be prepared or utilize public transportation. I would say try to coffee first and then work your way through the menu.
This place is legit, authentic Taiwanese mom and pop restaurant.  Super friendly and personable service.  Grace and her family really brought Asian-style home cookin to Philly Chinatown.  They always look overworked and I guess I would too with customers waiting patiently for good food.

Must try is the General Tso and the beef noodle soup.  It's not like any other noodle soup anywhere in the eastern states.  I think Grace added some crazy good Asian spices - and I will not bother to ask - but it is quite delicious.  The iced milk boba tea is also legit Taiwanese style and sooo refreshing.
How thrilling, I thought, that a cute cafe that took credit cards was so conveniently close to work!! 

How charming, I mused, as I listened to cheesy music and gazed upon the homey diner-esque decor! 

How much less charming, I thought, after waiting 35 minutes for my lunch take-out....

How extremely less charming, I grumbled, as I ate Taiwanese Rice Noodles & Pork of a quality on par with a cheap Chinese take-out place. 

How abysmal, I reflected, as I ate dish that purportedly had a variety of vegetables that actually only contained a few shreds of carrot, a smattering of cabbage scraps, a moderate morsel of mushrooms and a few bland bean sprouts. 

How very unlikely, I muttered, would it be that I would ever return for more.
I first came across this coffee shop just wondering around chinatown and wanted a cup of coffee.  I got the mochachino and it was great.  After reading all the reviews on yelp, i wanted to go back and try their dumplings.  I cant say its the best dumplings ive had but it does serve my dumpling cravings.  I do like the curry chicken dumpling and the different colors of the different dumplings.  I also tried their beef noodle soup and its yummy. Of course i couldnt have gone w/o ordering  another cup of coffee and again i was satisfied =) their coffee is really good!!!! i like it better than regular starbucks for sure.
I love coming here.  It's a quaint little cafe on the edge of Chinatown that serves you amazing siphon coffee in a mug - complete with a doily underneath and a little pastry on the side.  The dumpling sampler is a must-try, for sure.  They have quite a variety of lunch specials and noodle soups, although I always tend to stick with the dumplings and beef noodle soup because I'm a creature of habit (I know, I know...I will get around to trying everything eventually but my tried and true dishes never disappoint!).  But don't leave without having a cup of coffee!  Definitely better than Starbucks, Dunkin, or Peet's.  It is so good that I'm considering investing in my own siphon, although I'm not sure how I'll be able to use it in a dorm.  Oh well, in the meantime, I'll just be stopping by Ray's every time I'm home even though it's still an hour-long drive from where I live.
I've been a fan of Ray's for years, though I never seem to go as often as I think I do: I've been in there maybe a handful of times in the last ten years or so, exclusively for their siphon-brewed coffee.

It's expensive, and holy crap, it's GOOD.

I think at some point, way back when, I tried a lunch dish or snack; maybe it's just a figment of my imagination. If I did, I must not have been wow-ed, but I'd been reading through Yelp reviews and saw that Ray's food was rated highly. When my gf and I showed up on Saturday, half-starved from a busy day of running around in the heat, we knew we wanted caffeine and food.

Oh man, am I glad we stumbled into Ray's.

We started with cucumber salad and mixed dumplings. For my main, I got beef with bok choy and she got faux-meat with walnuts (the faux meat balls were made with mushroom).

The cucumbers arrived first: YUM. They were lightly pickled in rice vinegar and mirin, and disappeared so fast. Then came the dumplings, perfectly seared (NOT GREASY!), with home-made dough in a variety of flavors, and yummy sauces. So damn good.

At this point we were totally stoked for the mains, and weren't disappointed. The "delightful walnut" or whatever it was called was so very tasty; my beef was seared and then tossed in a sauce, and the bok choy was perfectly cooked. The portions were just right.

For dessert, I had the "best" green tea, which turned out to be a premium lightly-fermented oolong. Very nice, with a caramel and straw topnote, and a gently fruity finish. So delicious. She got the iced green tea with passionfruit bubbles: YUM. We shared the home-made red bean ice cream. YUM YUM YUM.

Everything came out to around $40, only because we got pricey drinks. And everything tasted like Mom made it, if my mom knew how to make amazingly good Taiwanese food. This is definitely going to become a regular stop for us.
This place is cozy and cute.  At first, I thought this place must be having an identity crisis - is it a cafe or a Chinese food restaurant?  I just had to open my mind to discover you can have both.

I got some standard drip stuff, but some day I'd like to sample the famous "eight dollar coffee" I keep hearing about.

Great service, really tasty treats.  Unfortunately, never open when I try to go. I thought I just had really bad timing 'cause it took me four attempts before I finally caught them on a day they were open, but it seems like other people on yelp are in agreement, this place has weird hours.
Very cute and pleasant spot, with good dumplings, though the beef noodle soup was bland.
We've been to Ray's a handful of times.  We recently went after having not been for a couple of years (we're often in the area on Sunday, when they are closed).  On our most recent visit we had a lychee smoothie and a fresh squeezed lemonade to drink and both were oh-so-good.  My husband had the chicken fried rice and I had the buckwheat noodle soup. We also had sides of cucumber salad and cabbage/carrot salad.  Everything was great.  As we were eating we discussed how the food has a home cooked taste, as opposed to a restaurant taste.  This may not be for everyone but we certainly enjoy it.  The woman who runs the shop is just as sweet as she can be, which only makes me want to try to frequent this little cafe more often.
Saw a short video about this on PBS in my room at the Hyatt Bellevue. Worth the easy trek to Chinatown to have this siphon style coffee.
Really good!
We checked this place out because it was known to serve taiwanese food.  There wasn't much of a selection, a few good beef/seafood noodle soup dishes and that's about it. They have these elegant siphon cofee makers that drip slowly to make the smoothest, richest cofee you'll ever have. Mmmmmm. Definitely check this place out if you love coffee.
I have yet to eat here, but I love Ray's coffee and have it multiple times a week.  I often add flavors to their iced coffee and it is delish! Their hot coffee is also great as well.  Grace (the woman behind the counter) is so friendly and makes a point to learn her customer's names. We love it here !
I can't speak for the food at Ray's Café, but I can at least say that the siphon coffee here is the best in Philadelphia -- and this is coming from someone who has been to a number of coffee shops in almost every neighborhood in the city. Ray's Café has a homey, Mom-and-Pop feel and there is no coffee-house elitism to be found here.

As can probably be seen in some of the photos on this page, the glass instrument that owner uses to make the siphon coffee looks like something out of a Medieval apothecary's cabinet, but don't be alarmed, it brews the best coffee in the city, hands down -- the sort of coffee that you dream about when you're having a coffee craving. It's very rich and, well, just go to Ray's Café and try a cup. You won't be disappointed.

Cheers.
Well, I went back to give this place another chance, but it wasn't much better than last time.  In terms of coffee, it's good.  Service, alright.  Cute decor and overall atmosphere.  But the part that really brings down the ratings is that the food really is just not that good.  This time I got the vegetarian rice noodle entree.  The description said it was rice noodles with snow peas, carrots, bean sprouts, scallions, cabbage.  Except when it came, it didn't have one snow pea in sight and only decoration slivers of carrots.  A bland dish, I hardly finished half.  Lord knows I am no fan of greasy Chinese food, so being not-so-greasy didn't figure into me not liking the food.. I do know what I want when I'm out for Taiwanese food.  This place is billed as a Taiwanese-style cafe, but having visited Taiwan just last winter and having grown up eating Taiwanese food (that's half of my family) this place is really lacking in comparison.  

If you go to this place, perhaps skip any entrees and just stick with the beverages.  Though, I did like the vegetarian hot and sour soup here too.
I went to Rays with a small group who wanted to do something different.  We all had drinks (coffee, bubble tea) and a dumpling sampler and sesame noodles. The food was quite good but the real reason to come is the coffee.  Many different kinds are on offer and the descriptions are pretty helpful in choosing.  The coffee machine (instrument?) is very cool and the owners were nice enough to explain the physics to us.  The owner and waiter were incredibly nice and made the experience even better.  The coffee is expensive (5-10$) but it was exceptionally good.  The floral notes came through beautifully and it was delicious.  It's a little pricey for every day coffee but it's a terrific destination coffee shop.  Loved the coffee and the people.  The food was good too but not the main reason to go I think although we sampled only two things.
Got the green milk tea smoothie made by the guy who works here. Wow super jasminey but super good actually. It's different and refreshing. I just happened to park across from here. Lucky me. Haha wish I had time to try the coffee everyone raves about but oh well happy with the tea
The owner, Grace and her family are so delightful. they remember your name and what you ordered so they start working on the strongest and best tasting coffee before you even ask for it. they have so many people come here, I do not understand how they can be able to know everyone's faces, greet them by name and recall their preferences. They always have a smile on their face. I moved out log Phily and I am gonna have a hard time finding a replacement.
A great little coffee shop! The owner Grace is very friendly and welcoming. If you have any questions or are interested in the brewing process she's very helpful. 

They have siphon coffee and iced coffee that goes through a 12 hour process. They also provide food. A great little place for a small bite and some coffee. The drinks are more expensive but definitely worth it! And I love their presentations. The drinks come out on a little tray with a doily. Depending on the drink they could come with a tiny cream pitcher, syrup, or a butter cookie. The Japanese Charcoal Roasted Coffee is a great choice. If you're not a fan of coffee they also have great bubble tea smoothies. 

They have some great Taiwanese dishes. Their cold sesame noodles have a thicker peanut sauce. 

The only downside is their hours which can be unpredictable. I also wouldn't recommend this place for large groups.
My favorite lunch place near Fed Ct when I lived in Philly.  They used to have a crispy walnut-eggplant special that was to die for.  If it is still on the menu give it a try!
The atmosphere at Ray's is unique and heartwarming, in a sense the Taiwanese equivalent of Tea and Sympathy in Manhattan. The coffee here is the best I have ever had. The steamed bass is excellent, and the lo mein, shrimp with asparagus, beef noodle soup and beef with bok choy are all very good too. The chicken curry dumplings are extremely good appetizers. However, many of the other dishes I have tried have been too sweet for my taste. I am certainly a regular and will always be back; though not innovative per se, Ray's is very consistent and good.
Amazing how the place I've had the best milk tea also seems to be one of the worst. When the guy that works there makes it, it is perfect! When the woman does.... it tastes like water... There's not enough sugar, not enough tea.... I'd hate to see such a lovely place lose customers because different employees make it so differently. Will only get milk tea here now if I can see who's in the shop.
If your looking for an off the beaten path coffee experience this is it. It is located in Chinatown in a very unassuming part of town. I got the siphon coffee and it was delicious. It is also fun to watch them brew the coffee to order. They have many different coffees and teas to choose from. Worth going to at least once for the experience.
Found this place via Yelp and was not disappointed. 

I only wanted a snack so only had the dumpling sampler, it was a great choice. The flavors great! The pork and veg dumplings were my favorite. 

Next time I gotta try out the full menu.

Great small place for 2-3 friends!
I would have to say this is my FAVORITE cafe in all of Philly b/c...

Its absolutely adorable. It's small and there's always like two people working there. It provides a great selection of local and worldly coffee. The way they present is the coffee is so cute! It's served on a little platter, doily underneath the cute cup, with a petite ramekin for the creme (looks it belongs in a doll house) and a little madeleine cookie on the side. I love to come here and relax.

I come for the coffee, not the food, but when I'm hungry, the food does not disappoint. I mean, its not great, but its satisfying. I love the dumplings here.
Such a cute little coffee shop in China town. I got an iced latte which came with whip. My husband got the Ethiopian blend which he though was just ok. It's very quaint inside.
This place lives up to the hype. I like to think of myself as a wanna-be coffee aficionado. I tend to drink lattes that probably have too much milk and sugar in it. I came here to see what the buzz was all about. I got the dumpling assortment, which was tasty and unique! They had four types of dumplings - including multiple pork options, and one that was even deep fried and had curry chicken in it. The coffee is the all-star here though. I got the Costa Rica siphon coffee. Let's be real here. The drink isn't cheap. Clocking in at $6 a cup, you can probably get 3 times as much coffee at other stores - but you come here for the quality. Even though I love milk with a hint of coffee extract, this coffee was delicious. It was smooth, you can taste all of those flavors that the pros talk about (think oaky, earthy tones, you get the idea). Come here for an experience! I'm not quite at the point where I can afford it on the reg.
This is a hidden gem. You could pass by this place and never know how great it is in there. Trust me you want to be in there. 
I cannot speak for the food for our visit- other than I saw what other people ordered and it looked good. We were just there for the coffee. It is so good. If you are a coffee nerd you need to go. Get the syphon brewed coffee. It's pricey- but worth it. I love the look of the syphon brewers and they are cool to watch. Our coffee was served in adorable cups with a cookie. I had a shot of espresso after my syphon and even the espresso shot came out with it's own cookie. The syphon process makes a lighter, smooth cup of coffee. It's a must have. 
The staff is super nice too!!!
Worth the trip.
The world doesn't need more pizza joints or fast Chinese food restaurants. What we need are more Tea Houses like Ray's. Ray's Tea House serves a veritable cornucopia of fine coffees and teas, as well as great food; one can find anything from lo mein to leek dumplings on their menu. Ray's provides a relaxing and quiet atmosphere to convalesce from the rigors of city life, and serves as a pleasant oasis in the heart of Chinatown. With the beautiful syphon-coffee alembics and retorts displayed, I felt as if I were in an alchemist's lab. The food and drink are both contained in very nice dishes and cups. The service was quite good, despite being in Chinatown. Grace and her son are the kind of folks who will not forget a regulars face. The only criticism I really have is that the music is pretty bad. I suggest classical or jazz, or even Chinese instrumental. Overall, Ray's has been the best coffee house in Philadelphia I've experienced so far. Go there. You won't regret it.
My husband has lived in Chinatown for 25+ years and has never tried Ray's cafe, although he rationalizes that it must be good, b/c of how long it's been around!  I've lived in Chinatown for four years and have never tried Ray's Cafe before yesterday.  Although I just had tea - I was impressed and will definitely be back.  I met up with a new friend (who recently moved to the neighborhood) for coffee & tea.  Instead of going for the usual Starbucks, we decided to go for a hometown staple!  

I ordered the ginger tea and she ordered an iced coffee.  My ginger tea was delish and rivaled the home-made tea that my father-in-law makes especially for me.  My friend also raved about her iced coffee.

I would definitely be interested to go back and try some of the meal options (especially the leek dumplings, which I love from the local dim sum spot)!  Maybe I can even bump my 4 stars up to 5.
Ray's Café & Teahouse is a superb find that I would have never found without yelp. Firstly, the price is hard to beat. OMG, their Cold Sesame Noodles was absolutely delicious, such a terrific dish with magnificent flavors. The crew was very courteous and service is exceptional. Can't go wrong.
When I think about siphon brewed coffee, images of handlebar mustaches, skinny jeans, and plaid come to mind. Chinatown? Not so much. I desperately needed a place to recharge, and since Yelp does not lie...into this cozy establishment we went. Ray's boasts an impressive line up of beans, including Jamaican Blue Mountain, Hawaiian Royal Kona, and a variety of blends. I selected the Japanese charcoal roast (sumiyaki) and spent the next 30 minutes in a state of caffeinated bliss. The cup and saucer! The chocolate/sprinkle dipped madeline cookie on a doily (sprinkles are key)! The eensy weensy cream pitcher! Here's the best part...the cream remained untouched because the coffee was that smooth. At $7.50 a cup, I wouldn't make this a daily habit, but for a pick-me-up experience it was worth every penny.
Came to Philadelphia for a conference last week. Coming from San Francisco, I wasn't sure I was going to be able to find amazing coffee here. Did a search for siphon and Philadelphia and found Ray's. And what a find! Grace is super friendly, and has been brewing coffee at Ray's (her family name) for 24 years. She and her staff make siphon brewing look easy. I brought a group of friends here and she cranked out siphon coffees efficiently. Oh, and how was the coffee? Outstanding. Just what you would expect from someone who has skill, a high-quality flat-burr grinder, great coffee, a siphon, and a cloth filter: clean, smooth coffee with great body, great aroma, and a perfect balance of fruit and deeper coffee tones. Yummy down to the last sip, hot or cold. And with a complexity that changes as it cools. I got the Jamaica Blue Mountain. Had it black, although it comes with a side of cream and sugar on the plate if you must, along with a small biscuit of some sort. Others had the Sumatra and Brazilian. Definitely come here, and if you want to chat, stand at the counter and sip your coffee instead of sitting, and you'll get some history on changes in Philadelphia roasters over the past couple of decades.
Dear vegetarians, you won't be disappointed! The spicy walnut delight and seaweed salad was amazing. They have excellent vegetable dumplings.
Sure it's a bit tiny, but Ray's offers a variety of teas, many unbeknownst to Western kind. The pue-er is earthy and delicious, the exemplar of pue-ers everywhere. Served in a glass cup, with a small pitcher for a refill on the side, any tea connoisseur would be pleased at its flavor and presentation. 

As a sweet bonus, each cup of coffee or tea comes with a mini soft seashell cookie.

My only gripe with Ray's is that us illiterate folk can't read the characters offering a more accurate description of the specialty teas, so we have to, in broken Mandarin, ask for a certain type of warm green tea.
Get the dumpling sampler, hot tea with a cookie, and the siphoned coffee. Even their cheap coffee is great. Really great customer service.
It was only 10:30am on a Tuesday, but there was already a line of people waiting to order from them. From their dialogue, I realized that they were all regulars and the cafe owners knew them by name and knew their regular orders! 

I ordered the leek boxes, the dumpling sampler, the sweet and sour fish, and an iced latte for takeout (pandemic style). They were all SO GOOD. I would definitely come back for any of these dishes and to try theur other coffees!!! And to top it off, they packaged some cookies and cheesecake as bonuses. Really, such amazing people making amazing food.

Support local businesses!!! :)
