I really like this place. I've been by several times for coffee, but things to note:

1. They have almond milk
2. They have really tasty food. I've had potato salad, an omelet thing with spinach, goat cheese, avocado, and roasted red peppers served with toast. My sister got a special which were sweet corn cakes with a huevos rancheros type of topping.  
3. Prices are pretty standard - the above meals were like $12 each including the iced coffees. 
4. Staff is super friendly!
I have found my favorite coffee house in Philly.  It is Red Hook.  

Red Hook is on Fabric Row, below the noise of South Street.  A member of the Independents Coffee Cooperative, you'll get great fair trade coffee here.  The sandwiches are fresh, prepared with high quality ingredients.  There are veggie and vegan options.  There are also sweets, which I'm told come from Homemade Goodies by Roz (a favorite bakery of mine).  

Aside from fair trade coffee, I read that they are socially responsible in many ways, including recycling coffee grounds for local farmers (that's so AWESOME) and recycling everything else they can.

Try the ancho chile hot chocolate, which is sweet and spicy and rich. that alone will keep me coming back for more!

The cafe itself is comfortable, with good music that's not too loud.  There is a counter with tall chairs, as well as tables and a sofa.  Local art shows on the walls.  There is free wireless, if that's your thing.  

I love this place.  I almost hate to review it--I want it to be my secret.
My favorite cafe in the city! I'm sad it took me so long to get here to try it, but now that I have, I go there AT LEAST once a week--honestly, usually closer to two to three times.

They have DELICIOUS food and an extremely creative menu. There's a wide selection of both vegan and regular meat options available. I love the lunch sandwiches, all of which come with a special side, which changes frequently (the potato salad is the best!). The fact that they put a hefty amount of sprouts on nearly every lunch sandwich means a lot to me as well. 

BEST vegan BLTA(vocado)
BEST facon egg and cheese
BEST vegan chicken salad

Get here ASAP! Everything here is made to perfection!
Queen Village welcomes me again to the niche cafe nestled on Fabric Row. I took some shots so I'll upload them soon.  It looks like they've added a few tables inside and cleared a spot outside for more seating.  They feature Equal Exchange coffee, which is pretty good.  They have tons of order goodies and lunch items.  Also, you can get a bagel with nutella here, YES, I will be back to get one next weekend.  

Strangely, all the art hanging now must be from a swineophiliac because every single picture has pigs... doing all sorts of strange crap.  One is devouring bodies, another is a gang of pigs "stooping", looks like a Oinksama Pig Laden, Perhaps Joeseph Swine'in the Russian dictator, Rush Piggbaugh... and a bunch of others that I don't feel like putting a pig-pun with in this article.  Over all, creepy.  Also, I love the random nuclear explosion painting amidst it all

So beware of a potential inbound 1 star for this joint.  A lady and her friend came in just after I got my coffee.  She went to the ATM inside, which made a bunch of "ATM sounds" but didn't give her any money.  She started complaining and the girls said they don't manage it.  

She said "Welcome to Red Hook," (which I was expecting as her next comment).  The girls came around, checked the power and offered to call the company for her.  I thought I heard them say if they can get the money back from the company that they would give her the cash.  So as the girl went to call the ATM company, the lady said, "All I wanted was to be taken care of.  See, it said it withrdrew money, see!"  

The girl read the receipt she was holding that the machine spit out Fortunately, the girl read all the words and told her, "It says you put in an invalid pin."  

The lady responded, "Well that isn't right." (Yeah, the ATM screwed up, not you, right?)  She tried again and got her money, then left!!!  What nerve.  So if you see a 1 star in reference to this, ignore it, the girls totally tried to take care of her.
So I must first admit: I don't drink coffee.  Never had a drop in my life.  Finding a coffee shop that caters as much to the non-coffee drinkers can be a challenge.  I was expecting to go elsewhere on this hot Sunday afternoon, but it was closed for the holiday weekend.  Yelp helped me find Red Hook.  Like another reviewer, I noticed that the staff was sitting chatting with friends when I walked in, but she stood right up to assist me.  She offered her recommendation for an Earl Grey with Caramel Latte.  It was a great choice.  Good flavor... and something I never would've considered on my own.

My one (maybe two) issues with Red Hook is that the place feels a bit like visiting a college kid's shared house.  The mismatched furniture is cute, but worn and dirty.  There was dust and dirt everywhere.  And, probably due to the heat outside and frequent door openings, lots of bugs.  They also didn't have air conditioning.  My fault for ordering a hot drink, but still... a coffee shop should feel cozy: warm in the winter and cool in the summer.

I may come back for additional drinks, but probably not for sitting for any length of time.
Two words: Coco Chanel.  Hot Chocolate with a hefty dollop of Nutella in there.  Topped with FRESH whipped cream and chocolate sauce.  OMG.  This was the perfect, non-caffeine beverage for a chilly morning.  

Being literally right around the corner from my aunts place in the city we walked here to grab a cup in the morning before jetting off to over activities.  This is a beverage that dreams are made of.  I literally dream about it off and on since having it.  While I'd attempt to make this at home, the next time I am in Philadelphia you can be your last dollar that, cold or not, I'll be here grabbing a cup.
Yelp hooks it up yet again! I decided to continue my quest for good Hot Chocolate and was really liking the reviews for here. So I decided to come in and spice it up ancho style..

with an ample helping of sweet chocolate, ancho hot pepper, and whipped cream, their spicy hot chocolate REALLY gave my taste buds a good kick. and I really dug the vibe that the house had overall. it had a punk rock feel, but it wasn't too in your face punk. the art was some of the best that I've seen out of a coffee house, and they even had an old school hip hop poster for a rap shop that happened at The Spectrum! It was the perfect spot to stop in and read my Dali book. but I'll definitely be back to take advantage of the Wi-Fi.

I didn't have any of the food but it smelled delightful. I definitely made note of the multiple biscotti, fresh sandwiches, and the fact that they had three kinds of fresh soup.
Too hip for me.

Honestly, the coffee was pretty damn good - but I have a big problem with places that make you feel less-than because you don't have an undercut, thigh tats, or haven't been to a crusty basement show in like a year. 

Man I feel like a bitter old wench writing this, but ugh. So over the hip thing.
by far, the best tasting decaf coffee in philly!!! AND it's fair trade and organic! they make it fresh every time. they also offer a gluten free bread for all of their sandwiches (get the hoagie roll - its the tastiest!) and have some vegan options. 

comfy couches, fish pillow, new art to check out each month, dog friendly, potted plants all around the outside of the building, friendly staff, exposed brick wall, a few out door seats.

yum!
Holy balls!  This coffee shop is my best memory from my visit to Philly.  And the greatest thing is that our visit was just thrown in as we were driving somewhere.

I gotta thank my buddy, Nick, for taking us here.  He's a brilliant at suggesting restaurants, and his recommendation of Red Hook was probably his opus.

It's hard to put my finger on what I loved so much.  I would have to say that the total package is what sold me.  It's like seeing the perfect woman.  Pretty, intelligent, good storyteller, swears a bit...ahhh.

So that's it.  Red Hook Coffee & Tea is my perfect woman of coffee shops.

The interior is great.  It's not overbearingly beatnik, nor is it too corporate and cold.  The balance of art and comfort sat well with me.

The coffee was good.  I don't know coffee well enough to critique it.  If it's good, then I'm a fan.  However, what put a spring in my cowlick was the simple, but delicious bagel sandwich with hummus, red onion, and tomato.

Wow!  I've been eating the wrong bagels!  The bagel was soft and fresh, and the simple toppings complimented each other so well that you would think they met at an orgy.  Light, but hearty.  Rich, but not thick. (The sandwich, not the orgy)

Although I'm in St. Louis, the Red Hook is my long distance coffee house crush.  Well done, Red Hook!
First a little disclaimer, this review is for the drinks only, I've never eaten here, also the reason for the four stars.  I walk dogs in Red Hook's neighborhood so I often find myself nearing the end of the day in need of a pick me up or warm up within blocks of this gem.  

The decor is amazing and welcoming.  Really cute and comfortable furniture lines one wall while a bar with chairs lines the windowed wall.  The employees are NICE, something oddly lacking in a lot of Philly coffee shops.  They are also talented baristas and my drinks are consistent and damn tasty.  My favorite drink is their seasonal Ancho Chile Hot Chocolate- my god! It's pricey but you can taste why.  The drink is pure bliss, chocolatey and sweet, milky and smooth but with a spice and little bits of ancho chile to chew on between sips.  

I've also had plain coffee, of which you have a choice of roasts, and a few other fancy coffees.  Someday I'l try one of their paninis or vegan sweets and see if they are worthy of a fifth star.  

One time I stupidly spilled a large portion of my drink while trying to add cream and sugar  with the same hand I was using to hold a dog leash(did I mention you can take your doggie here).  The dog pulled and coffee went everywhere.  Fail.  The baristas were so nice, they didn't get mad at me, helped me clean up and refilled my coffee.  Yet another reason why I go here more than any of my local coffee places and tip every time.
This place is everything I want out of a local coffee/tea shop. The regular coffee is delicious (a great sign), the tea lattes are made w/ tea leaves (not the powder like chain shops use which I hate), and the food is great! This morning I had a green tea latte which was perfectly foamy and not sweet which gave me the ability to add my own agave. I also had the yogurt parfait which was served in a cereal bowl (not pre made) w/ a ton of fresh fruit and man o man...it was the best parfait I've ever had! Also noteworthy are the gluten free options. Last time I was here I had cream cheese, avocado, and tomato on gf bread. It was amazing! Healthy portions and so fresh!!  Definitely stop by if you've never been ;)
As I was drinking my coffee, I happened to glance over at something on the wall. It was a thumbtacked note, apparently left by a customer, and it read, "I love this place. I feel like I'm at home." 

I feel the same. It's super homey and cozy (read: tiny, with room for maybe less than 20 people) with exposed brick, art on the walls and lots of natural light. They allow dogs, and it doesn't have the lame hipster vibe of coffee places on Passyunk or Grindcore House farther south on 4th. 

Elizabeth B. and I both had a small medium roast coffee, which was served in a paper cup. Maybe they thought we were taking it to go? Either way, it was perfect. We didn't have anything to eat, but some of the stuff looked interesting if a bit pricey. ($7.50 for a hummus and avacado sandwich, for example. Maybe it was amazing?) Lots of vegetarian and vegan options, yay.

Also, there was a cute older-ish guy there on his laptop wearing Doc Martens who caught my eye. So yeah, I like this place.
I moved to QV 3 years ago.  I visit Red Hook at least once a week.  I have found the staff to be welcoming and lovely.  Lattes are the best; food is delicious.  I am a baby boomer/grandma  (albeit with a nose pierce from Infinite circa 2009); I find no prejudice that I am not a cool 'hipster'...although I am cool!   Have brought my visiting out-of-town family members here...everyone loved it.  This is my go to coffee shop.  So very happy it is in my neighborhood!!
Red Hook is great! The staff is always extremely friendly and speedy! It's a great spot to hang out for a few hours. The tea and coffee is great and the sandwiches are always delicious!
Good coffee, great food, friendly staff. Simple and effective.

I don't know how they could do a better job aside from hiring Mr. T to hang out and tell you jokes while you wait for your food.
I would just like to apologize to the barista working today. I could tell I was inconveniencing her as soon as I walked in, and then proceeded to really be a pain when I ordered a breakfast sandwich and a latte. 

I'd also like her to know how much she inconvenienced me. Because, the latte didn't taste quite right and I was worried maybe she misheard me and used soy milk by accident, which I can't have. But, I took a look at the face she had on and instead poured the whole thing in the gutter when I walked out. Was it soy? Was it not? I'll never know, because that's how much I didn't want to talk to you again. 

I don't need ear to ear smiles or lots of friendliness. But just a general LACK of attitude would be nice. 

This is what I get for not walking the extra 3 blocks to the cleaner, better place close by.

--------------------------
Kelsey & Chloe - 

I am just seeing your reply now. I initially wanted to write to you saying that you're right; speaking to a manager would have been the best way to have handled this situation, and to thank you for your reply. But, the more I read it, the stronger I stand by my review. 

Your reply offered no acknowledgment of the unacceptable way I was spoken to while in your cafe. Instead, you offered the patronizing comment about 150 non-bacon items on your menu. FYI - It's possible to have a bacon sandwich not dripping in grease. 

You have many great reviews, so I'm sure you're doing something right. Writing a snooty reply to a paying customer who left unsatisfied doesn't seem necessary and doesn't reflect well on the management of your business.
Red Hook is awesome for what it is -- it's a little local cafe, the kind of place where they know you and people bring their dogs around (dogs!), and they win my love for being so close to my apt and having vegan cream cheese and being so darn vegan friendly.

I am not a coffee snob, but I have had some of their froo froo drinks (ex. Thai Peanut Latte) and I've been a fan. They're pretty strong, coming from someone who drinks coffee every 3 months, and quite tasty.

It's a lovely place to come chill and have breakfast, or chill and have lunch or chill and ... chill. They also have art on the walls and have openings with lots of people (I haven't been to one yet) so I assume some free booze is involved. I usually really enjoy their shows. It's probably not the best coffeeshop in QV, but it's my favorite coffeeshop (now tea shop ... that's another matter ;)
I love this place!!!  I work nearby and come in frequently for coffee & sometimes for lunch.  The staff is friendly, funny and attentive.  chill, relaxed vibe with great music....I thoroughly enjoyed listening to a Cramps album while I ate my lunch - how cool is that?!  

A few seats outside, even a "garden" area....I love it!

They have gluten free bread for their sandwiches....awesome
Quaint little coffee-breakfast-lunch-hangout spot in Queen's Village. Bullseye. 

Solid coffee, tasty chai lattes, along with a pretty extensive menu (much more than other typical corner cafes around town). Food is a little pricey, but everything is prepared fresh, and most dishes are paired with a salad-du-jour, such as pasta, potato, macaroni, etc. However, these aren't some cold, soggy pasta dredged in a ludicrous amount of mayo - think fresher, lighter and perhaps healthier. 

The menu has everything from breakfasty, egg-centric offerings to BLT sandwiches, freshly made parfaits and the like. I typically go for the avocado BLT on multigrain, because, well - it's freaking delicious.

Protips - Most of the menu can be adjusted for vegetarian, vegan and gluten-free needs, cash only, avocado BLT FTW.
I recently moved to the area, and Red Hook is one of my favorite finds.  Their coffee is excellent.  Super flavorful without that bitter taste that's so trendy right now (read: Starbucks).  I usually make my coffee at home to save money, although the $2.00 16 oz medium roast is a treat I grant myself several times a week.  

And then there are the bagels.  Cream cheese, tomato, and avocado on toasted whole wheat - seriously, why didn't I think of that?!  The yogurt parfait is made fresh-to-order with hand cut fruit and light, crunchy granola.  It's a perfect breakfast when I have to grab something on the run. 

Red Hook is like the cozy, neighborhood spot that you've been dying to find.  Weird arty decor and a variety of seating options, including outside.  It's a great place to run into familiar neighbors, or meet new ones (including the four-legged variety, because Red Hook is pet-friendly)!  I can't wait to try more of what this cozy hideaway has to offer.
I spent a long time looking for a coffee house in Queen Village and finally settled on Red Hook even though I had read about and experienced the dismissive attitude from the staff.  Even though I always said "please" and "thank you" w/ a genuine smile, even though I always tip, they treated me like I was emanating a slightly unpleasant odor.  I decided to keep going b/c the food is quite good (except for the egg sandwich but I suspect that may have been another form of aggression from the staff) and I like the room and the seats outside.  I understand that since I am not emaciated and tattooed that it is silly of me to expect good service in most coffee houses.  

Anyway, the last time I went I gave my order to the arch guy behind the counter upon which he said "Not gonna happen".  I looked at him in surprise and said "I'm sorry?" and he said again "Not gonna happen".  Finally I recovered enough to say "Why not?" and he said "We're out of plain bagels".  Now look, would it have been so hard for him just to say that the first time?  I looked at him and said "Well never mind" walked out and wound up at Milk and Honey on 4th street right above South St.  Guess what?  At Milk and Honey I FINALLY found a coffee house that doesn't act as if there is a velvet rope which I am not cool enough to get past!!!!  The staff says hello and smiles at me.  Go to Milk and Honey!  Let's not let bitter hipsters win!!
I like to go to Red Hook because they're very close and convenient for me to buy quality coffee by the pound.  The decor is nice and they feature different artists selling their work monthly.  The owner is very nice as well, and they're dog friendly.

Other times, the coffee made by the snubbish barista's has been good, but just good at a price that's a little above average.  I appreciate they serve organic items and try to be enviromentally friendly, but at a price.  The smoothies are good but I don't think they're made with fresh fruit, and for $5, I'd like fresh fruit.  I'd never order food there again.  I had a chicken basil pesto sandwich once and had food poisoning for 2 days, and then I later learn 3 of my friends have gotten food poisoning as well from their sandwiches!  Yikes!

Order your coffee, and go across the street to Wiccaco for your sandwich, bagel, yogurt etc..  for something fresher and cheaper.
I really like Red Hook. Whenever I'm in the area to get fabric, I always stop by. The inside is really cute, and has a bay window that would be perfect for reading in, if someone wasn't always sitting there first. The coffee is really good, and they always ask whether you'd like medium or dark roast. I've never had any of their baked stuff, but it looks really good. They could definitely benefit from more seating - there are only a few chairs and a couch. Prices are good, and staff is always friendly.
This place smelled like a gym and was incredibly dirty.  Layers of fuzz on the counter where you fix up your coffee.  The floors looked like they had not been washed in a year.  I wanted to bolt the second I walked in the door.  But, my husband wanted some iced tea so we waited in line for a while and I got to observe the surroundings, which only reconfirmed why I will never be back.

The pluses are the people who work there were incredibly friendly and they have extensive vegan and gluten free options if you lean that way.
So I REALLY like this place, they have great coffee, soy and almond milk, and good food. (I have an allergy that prevents me from eating most of their food - but what I have eaten is great and everyone knows loves it), BUT it is a coffee shop and they take WAY too long to make a drink.  I have had to leave here more often than stay and get coffee elsewhere to prevent being late.  On more than one occasion I have been in here and waited for more than 10 minutes without my order for a black coffee even being taken!  I may be a bit impatient, as the only thing I ever order is just coffee, but they need a much better system at waiting on individuals and serving drinks.  If you have time - its worth stopping in, if you want a coffee within 15 minutes, you may need to go elsewhere.
-Food was ok, not the greatest. 
-A little pricey
-Decor is nice, feels kind of homey 
-Employees attitude, TERRIBLE

I ordered something simple and waited 21 minutes before my order came out. I almost received a parking ticket for waiting so long. I thought to myself, I could make that back at home in less than 5 minutes! The place was empty so why did my order take so long? I noticed a couple came in after me and received their food before me. I asked the woman behind the counter after trying to get her attention for a while, she walked passed me several times and never acknowledged me, I was wearing camouflage shorts(did they make me invisible?) When I asked for my food she gave me an attitude like the nerve of me, well the nerve of her. I won't be back again, places like this should realize they chose to be in the service industry so they should provide "service"
I love the Red Hook.  I come by often when I am in the area.  It's a great place to relax in a comfy armchair or do work on a laptop.  They have a cool decor and really friendly, youngish staff.  It's kind of expensive, but the coffee is fair trade and delicious.  Plus, you can't beat the location on 4th and Catherine.
New to the area and was looking for a good brunch/breakfast place that has a lot of gluten free options.  GF bread is available for all the sandwiches and they made sure to note that they put GF bread on my Lil Goat egg sandwich (which was amazing!) when they delivered the food. Portion was very large too.
Red Hook is everything a coffee shop should be: quaint, corner shop with good, affordable coffee, and good food.

Try the Red Hook Panini!  It's tasty as is the homemade pesto pasta salad that comes with it.

I'd consider moving to Queens Village just to be closer to this perfect coffee shop.
What a great find!

Recently, I was taking on a walk on a beautiful day and figured that I would stop in and give it a try, boy am I glad that I did!  The decorating automatically struck me as very unique and at the same time very comfortable    The menu is not too complicated, but has a lot of great choices.  I personally went with the hummus and vegetable sandwich, which was fresh, delicious, and perhaps best of all, under 5 dollars,  It was so full of fresh veggies, I almost had problems taking bites.  I also had an iced coffee, which was the perfect compliment to the 90 degree heat outside. 

This seems like a perfect place to sit and spend an hour or two on a lazy weekend day.  I will definitely be coming back soon!
Red Hook is the best cafe I have been to in the city.

The atmosphere is really cozy. Exposed brick, wood floors, warm red walls, little tchotchkes all over. Sort of vintage store-like with any type of seating you could ask for- barstool seating in front of the window, couches, huge ornate comfy chairs, and tables/wooden chairs for when you actually have work to do. The environment is more social than a lot of other places in the area. It's rare that I go in and another customer doesn't strike up a conversation at some point before I drag out my laptop to work. The customer base and baristas seem  unpretentious and aren't snotty if you ask to tweak your food order and have offered to run out and get ingredients/whip up a new batch of something if they just ran out and the place isn't too crazy. I've actually seen a barista run to the store to get yogurt to make a parfait (it was at the end of the day...it's not like she didn't have it stocked at 9am) rather than just say "sorry, we're out." And without asking "do you want me to make some?" and therefore guilting me into saying no, the barista just took it upon herself to make a whole new batch of herb cream cheese when it ran out the last time I was there. Such great customer service.

They have awesome food. The tuna melt is insanely delicious in particular. And The Preacher Man-  a sandwich with chicken, pesto, and apricot preserves - is such a weird combination, but it works. The sandwiches all come with a surprise homemade side. They rotate it, but in the past I've had "cornslaw" and purple potato salad. They err on the spicy side, but are always a hit with anyone I've ever brought there. In addition to all the muffins/cookies (a lot of which are vegan), wraps, and the bagels (whose toppings are never skimped on), they're also able to make a lot of the hot stuff in store- Paninis, HUGE egg sandwiches, and homemade soups. I don't tend to get a lot of coffee things, but the iced coffee has never seemed watered down and they're always trying new things out (the chocolate ginger chai awaits me).

You should seriously go here. Queen's Villiage is cute to walk around in general and Red Hook is right near a few thrift stores, a book store, and a ton of fabric places to browse through if you take your coffee to go.
Seriously, I don't know what I'd do without this place! Even though there are about six independently owned coffee shops within a 2 block radius of my apt, I have become a dedicated RH customer thanks to their exceptional service and commitment to the community (oh, and their always delicious food and coffee). The owners (Kelsey and Chloe) as well as the other baristas are always super friendly and will even remember what u usually order! They have a ton of great and tasty vegetarian/vegan options as well as non-veggie and regularly add new seasonal items. They are also totally dog friendly and host local artist shows about once a month. Red Hook-you guys are the best!!
I just tried out Red Hook for the first time yesterday.  It was pretty empty, and I got a nice spot by the window to set up with my laptop and do some work.  The barista was very pleasant and friendly.

The coffee was excellent.  The soy milk is out in its own pitcher with the other milks so you don't have to ask for it specially, and there is sugar water available for cold drinks.  

There are lots of vegan food options available!  They have soy cream cheese for the bagels, and you can substitute "fakin' bacon" for the real stuff in any of the sandwiches and wraps.  You can also get fresh avocado on just about anything, which is always a winner in my book.  I got the curiously named "Jackie O" wrap, which is an ingenious combination of banana, honey, peanut butter, and granola.  Mmmmmmm.  

Looks like I've finally found "my" coffee shop in my new neighborhood!
NOONE and i mean N O O N E makes breakfast sandwiches better then this place! Makes me forget about NYC!!!!  knowing that i can get my fix right here in Philly from a place as cool as this! Perfection with a smile.
I'm not a huge fan of Yelp mostly because people tend to be a little harsh an type out of angry... But I get food from this place a few times a week and its always great same for the service. If you're ever in the area and looking for really good homemade food I would go here.
HOly Crap!  How have I not known about this place?!?!?!?  Very delicious.  Cash only,  Super nice staff.  I felt like I could have fallen asleep on their couch while waiting for my sandwich, it was so warm and inviting.  New favorite place.  SO wish I'd known about it sooner.
Oh, and I had the first wrap on the board, I think it's called the Harvest wrap, and a Chocolate chai latte.  Both were really good.
Just walked out of there. The girl made pesto pasta salad. Amazing. Always friendly staff.
I happen to really, really like this place.  GREAT sandwiches - healthy options abound with some really, really unhealthy-sounding ones thrown in for good measure.  Always filling, satisfying without weighing you down.  This screams quality ingredients.  Everyone is really nice here too.

The place also has a definite edge to it, but not so much where you feel uncomfortable like another coffee shop further down 4th St. that rhymes with Schmindcore Mouse.  I always feel like they think I'm a cop when I walk in there.  I'm not a cop.
Red hook may be my new cafe of choice. It pains me to say this because I still love Gleaners and The Last Drop (the latter not so much. Its full of posers these days), but Red Hook has something these other places dont- a conscientious mentality. They focus on organic, fair trade products, with a huge selection of vegan and vegetarian meals and treats (all of which are ridiculously delicious). They play good music, the design is comfortable and the crowd is eclectic. But I must admit; the best part is the really cute staff. Everytime I go there there's some cute, friendly girl serving me coffee. It's a nice plus.
Is that a dog park or a coffee shop? I love going here just so I can play with the dogs. Other great things include the décor, the clientele,and the coffee. The real reason I'm giving this 4 stars is because I love the Huevos Banditos. Cash only though which is frustrating when a sandwich and coffee comes to over 11 dollars. Also not too many outlets to plug in a phone.
:(  Not sure what happened here. LOVED Redhook from the day it opened until I left for boston about a year ago. They always had great music, eclectic art, yum hot drinks (esp their spicy ginger chai!), fresh vegan, veggie and meat eater food options...and usually friendly solid service.  The pets add a nice warm component to the whole vibe as well.  I would see neighbors stopping in for a cup of coffee on their morning walks.  Nice.  Really nice.  

When I was in school I came here around 3+ times a wk and would eat half a dozen meals in their sunny window seat.  I wrote a book in this place...  

BUT SOMETHING WENT WRONG!  I came back from boston (not exactly the warmest of cities) and now the staff's too cool for school.  I'm used to the hipster attitude but really...no "hello", no eye contact, not one smile or acknowledgment that I'm talking to you and trying to order a 4$ chai latte?  I really tried last time.  I ended up laughing at myself outloud as the girl behind the counter completely ignored what I said and turned around.  I was literally embarrassed.  To top it off now my favorite ginger chai is watered down, mostly milk and served luke warm... Where's the spice and ginger?  No more fun spicy lentil pasta side dishes and the attitude...god the attitude!  I can't believe other reviewers say they're friendly.  They must be part of some special club or I keep missing the nice baristas.  I've tried 3x in the past 2 weeks to get back to loving Redhook but I think that last episode did me in.

The food.  The ambience, the ginger chai - This place was created to be amazing.  I bragged about Redhook in the neighborhood.  Baristas wake up...coffee shops are not just about a good cup of coffee (which you DO well).  Its a service industry.  You were handed a gem and did no work for it.  I think you actually like your job so why pretend to be so cold.   The old owner went to pretty decent lengths to create the warm cozy vibe and you're ruining it for the old regulars.  Im uncomfortable sitting there and the music is far too loud to be enjoyable.  Prices are over the top and the foods not nearly as awesome.  To the new Redhook fans, I really wish you tried it a couple years ago.  Everything was better then.  Wish the old owner would come back. Its such a great spot! Darn.
Having stopped in for lunch, I want to update my previous review and offer the highest praise to their egg salad sandwich. With L/T on a rugged multigrain bread, it's hands down the best egg salad I've ever had. They have a nice style with every food item, nothing is taken for granted, just as they didn't do a routine egg salad. Yes, comes with the horse radishy potato salad, yum. Excellent coffee, semi-friendly baristas - what more could you want? As mentioned, I particularly like their potato salad, check it out, it comes with sandwiches but I believe you can also order it as a separate side order. Outdoor seating is a plus. Wifi and warm, quiet atmosphere (despite the many young kids that are brought in) make it not a bad place to get a little work done as well.
I go to red hook primarily for the "4th on 4th" openings, but I have been there a few times just for coffee/sammies, and it's been delicious every time.
Since I've moved out of Philly, there are few things I miss as much as Red Hook's breakfast sandwiches. So. Damn. Good.
Love this place!  Been coming here for years and it has only gotten better over the years.  They have delicious gluten free bread for their fresh sandwiches and quite often their soup of the day is gluten free.  The coffee is delicious, so are the shakes.  The decor is warm and local art is always hanging on the walls.  Staff is friendly and helpful and dogs are welcome, so that's always a plus!
Coffee is ok , nothing special. Small venue but very comfy and cute! I love the decor and the music.

I didn't get food her but plan to next time. They have a great selection of soups and sandwiches. The best part is that they have GF baked items and Vegan options avail!
I love the Red Hook.... First, it's so close and it's gluten-free friendly. More importantly, I know Chloe and Kelsey - two great women who know how to create an atmosphere of comfort that is dog-friendly, art-supportive and people-friendly.  Dan the man is the one of the great baristas they have in addition to the others - he's a great musician and artist in his barista craft.  The Red Hook has amazing menu items and understands the importance of having diversity and variety of food items for those with celiac or other allergies. My pumpkin spice chai with almond milk, a shot of espresso and a touch of Siracha ...makes it that much more... thanks Red Hook...
I'm trying really hard to not let one bad apple ruin the bunch, but let me tell you about that apple:

I came in one Saturday morning, having strolled around the neighborhood and saw this place. Grabbed a menu and brought it home. It looked like they had a lot of vegan and gluten free options and even encourages you to customize the menu, so my roommate and I decided to order dinner from here! We called 1 hour to close (we live a few blocks away) and while I can't remember what she ordered, I know that I got the BLT + A. Everything was fine and dandy until we got there and realized it's cash only (I know, I'm one of those people but it's 2017! Come on!) So my roommate goes to take out cash and I noticed the bill was incredibly high. I asked to look at the receipt and see we were charged an EXTRA $2 for EACH sandwich for the avocado. I asked the woman at the front what that was for, and she pointed to a sign on the counter that said that avocado would be a $2 upcharge because of demand or something like that. So, let me tell you that both sandwiches are ALREADY made with avocado, with mine having "avocado" in the name. How are you going to charge $2 for a few slices of avocado on a $6 sandwich? That makes no sense. I would understand if I added avocado to an existing sandwich that didn't already have one, but the $6 price already reflects the cost of the avocado. My second qualm here is that when we called, WE WERE NEVER TOLD OF THE UPCHARGE! I would have gotten something else with no issue. 

When both of these points were raised to the extremely rude worker at the front, she scowled and gave myself and my roommate and attitude. I asked for the manager and she said that they were not there and "even if they were here, they would say the same thing." Words cannot describe how incredibly rude this woman/girl...I'll call her a girl...was to us. No "I'm sorry for the misunderstanding. Unfortunately this is our current policy. I'd be happy to remove the avocado for you if you wouldn't like to pay" or anything pleasant of the sort! We left without the food. 

So that was the one bad apple. However, I decided to give it another try yesterday morning because I really do love gluten free and vegan foods. This experience was significantly better. I essentially took like 5 things off of the menu in other items and created my own "concoction" and they were very accommodating and helpful! They even made the thing look pretty, too! 

Overall, I think I will be back...just not at night when that awful person is there. Remember it's CASH ONLY, though!
Best BLT I've had all organic Coffee is on point and prices are so anti Green Eggs come here the people are friendly too love the side snacks of rice and peas
It was just ok.  I had ordered a medium blackberry latte, which was pretty good and far too much for me to handle.  Far too much in fact that the barista decided to hand it over the machinery to me without a warning of how full and hot it was.  It's nice that they fill it to the tippy top, say if there's a lid but not so nice when there is no lid and lots of reaching involved.  That said, I spilled my overfilled cup of coffee on my hand, the counter, and other close objects.  I ordered a mozzarella and tomato sandwich with olive tapenade, I think there was just a smear of tapenade, for a dollar extra I wanted more.  They did provide me with roasted peppers that I didn't order, which I think was supposed to throw me off about the tapenade.  Man...I love olive tapenade.  My friend who came with me, liked her tea and her sandwich, nutella and banana.  The ambiance was nice, very neighborly.  This coffee shop had more character than some others in the area.  The baked goods looked delicious, it was very veggie friendly, and their menu had some good offerings.  I couldn't tell you anything about the free wi-fi, but the bathroom is nice and clean.
Tons of gluten free options here. :) My fiancé who can eat whatever- LOVED the bacon, egg and cheese on a bagel. It was huge and it didn't last very long on his plate. We have found our new easy going breakfast spot! :)
So this place is made of pure Queen Village win.  I like the outdoor seating spot, the inside is a blend without trend - a non-hipster, non-hippy, non-crappy; just a wierd cool blend of what I'd expect out of Queen Village.  

I've only been here twice, but I loved the coffee, service and feel of the place.  It was quiet, comfy, and I think I'll go today to get some pictures.  Great spot if you're down on Fabric Row!.

As a cool side note, I heard the original owner sold the shop to the baristas, that is just awesome.
Shades of Egg just rocked my world. The way they had the sunny side up egg cooked on a layer of salty, satisfying cheese really made this sandwich for me.  The sprouts, greens and avocado made this beast a little healthier, too.  I love that you can choose what bread you want it on.  The coffee was great, and I even found a cool magazine to read while I ate.
You could say I'm hooked... thank you for indulging me with that terrible pun. 

Cash only!! But they do have an ATM inside - not a big deal just be aware. 

Ambiance: 
+ Exposed brick, art on the wall
+ Nice music playlist to fit the chill relaxed vibe - also not very loud so found it ideal for work

Food:
+ Vegan friendly - ordered the vegan curried chicken
+ Huge portions of food - almost wish I did sandwich soup combo because half the sandwich was plenty
I'm so happy that Red Hook is in my neighborhood. I love this place!! All of the smoothies, lattes as well as food (really, you can't go wrong with anything you order) are fantastic. Favorite coffee shop ever!
I started coming to this place recently to get a change of scenery from the usual coffee shops I frequent. The space is very comfortable and though it is small, I've never had a problem finding a seat. I think the food is what really sets this place apart from the other coffee shops in the area. They have a very large selection of sandwiches and so far the ones I've tried have been really tasty. Today I had the philly wrap which is chicken, avocado, roasted red peppers and tomato along with homemade potato salad. It may seem simple, but it was just done really well and everything was fresh. Price might be a buck or so above average, but totally worth it for quality food. Oh and the complimentary free refill on coffee is almost unheard of in this town, so major points for that.
THE BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICH YOU WILL EVER TASTE!!
I love Red Hook... everything about it.  But seriously, once in your life you need to try the bacon egg and cheese. It will change your life.
Went with my friend and they made me a delicious egg and cheese bagel with red peppers it was filled to the rim and delicious. The atmosphere is really cool and relaxing. I would strongly recommend this place to anyone I want to have a place to grab a bite to eat or some coffee
While walking down 4th Street, I decided to go into Red Hook to see what they had to offer, seeing as the shop is in my neighborhood, yet I hadn't given it a try yet.  The shop is small, but the decor is super eclectic and comfortable, and the staff is very friendly.  They have an extensive menu of coffee drinks and smoothies as well as sandwiches, salads, melts, wraps, and eggs.  I settled on a small coffee and egg and cheese on a toasted sesame bagel.  Both DEFINITELY hit the spot!  It is cash only, however, but there is an ATM there for your convenience.  Always nice to have a new go-to coffee shop in the neighborhood, and I can't wait to go back and try more of their edible selections!
Excellent coffee, semi-friendly baristas - what more could you want? Yes, the food is outstanding. I particularly like their potato salad, check it out, it comes with sandwiches but I believe you can also order it as a separate side order. Outdoor seating is a plus.
My partner and I stumbled upon Red Hook in need of lunch.
Atmosphere: cozy with variety [couch with coffee table, cushioned chairs in window nook, bar stools, small tables with chairs], lots of natural light.
Service: warm and efficient. 
Food: BLTA on the multigrain, OMG. This is one of the best, if not THE best, BLT I have ever had. The bacon application is generous and different (trimmed of fat, then crumbled, and then cooked so each individual crumble is perfectly crisp and chewy), tomatoes were plentiful and juicy, greens were flavorful and perfect, avocados were ripe and spread onto every millimeter of toast... when they forgot the sprouts we were given a huge plateful. The complementary side of potato salad with cucumbers was an unexpected treat and extremely delicious (I don't normally even like potato salad).
Drink: Chai (not sure which flavor) with skim milk. This was "okay," will probably just get a coffee next time.

Overall: I wish this place was closer, although I then might be broke and/or become extremely overweight in a short period of time. My partner and I cannot wait to come back.

Thank you Red Hook Coffee & Tea for existing and being you.
When my boyfriend lived in the area, I used to go here all the time. Great food and drinks, nice people, and just far away enough from South Street to avoid the tourists.
This is my go-to place for breakfast in Queen Village. Consistently delicious sandwiches and some of the best cold brew I've ever tasted at very reasonable prices. The Peacher Man is a consistent favorite but the Lil' Goat and breakfast burrito are also yummy. I'm writing this as I stuff my face with yet another SEC.
This was my first time eating at this establishment and I loved the CAT bagel sandwich. The tempeh was yummy but was not crunchy. I'd love to return to try other options. They do serve eggs and chicken for people who prefer those options. They have coffee, teas, and hot chocolate as  a few of their drink options.
How could I possibly have any complaints?

This place is phenomenal.  It's kitschy and cozy and feels like home the first time you walk through the doors, with charming decor - mismatched furniture and worn carpets.  They allow dogs, which is super because my dachshund mix comes with me most everywhere I go.  There's even a jar of biscuits on the side of the bar.  They regularly feature the work of local artists and there's a bulletin board across from the counter that has flyers for upcoming area events, business cards, etc.  The atmosphere is welcoming, comfortable, and friendly.  I can sit here and read for hours, with my doggie relaxing at my feet, occasionally chatting with other patrons.

Now.  The food and the drinks.  They're awesome.  I don't drink coffee, but the selection of tea and smoothies is great.  Their mango smoothie is my go-to drink on a hot day.  It's perfection.  I highly recommend the chicken panini with sun-dried tomatoes, mozzarella, and basil.  However, the bagel with cream cheese and the banana and nutella sandwich are very nearly as amazing.  I'm a pretty strict meatatarian, but there are tons of vegan/vegetarian options as well.

Be aware.  Since they only accept cash, there is an ATM on site (with a small accompanying fee to withdraw).
My girlfriend, who has Celiac's Disease, and I came in from Cleveland and loved this place. She had the Valley with a gluten free everything bagel, and I had the Breakfast Bomb wrap. Both were PERFECT!

Our coffees were fine, but we had iced and black coffees, so it's hard to screw that up.
Can I just start with the lil side of potato salad that comes with your sandwich? Oh Em Geee, I've never had a potato salad quite as tasty - potato's, garbanzos, cranberries, mustard and just enough mayo to make it stick together. Now, if you told me those ingredients before I tasted it I'd probably say "eww, yuck" but luckily I was hungry this morning and was adventurous enough to try it and let me tell you "mmm, yum!". I mean even after I had my massive behemoth Shades of Egg sandwich (seriously, I HAD to share half with my husband, there was no way I could finish it). The cafe is cute, very homey, service could use a little more friendliness but overall, amazing food!!
Second time here at Red Hook , very nice place Chill coffee is great food out standing 
Very clean, a nice place for any time of day!
Red Hook has what is easily the BEST bacon, egg and cheese I've ever had! I don't know what they do to it, but it is simply amazing and at $7 is a steal considering the $11 you'd pay a few doors down for a lesser quality bacon, egg and cheese.
I feel silly reviewing this place since I haven't actually had the coffee here yet, but the food is my idea of heaven!!  Simple but perfectly executed, fresh, healthy, tons of veggie options, very reasonably priced.  The sandwich was so big I had to take half of it home!  It even came with a little side of potato salad, which was divine.  This place has cozy, down to earth cafe vibes, but is still hip enough to have good music.  The staff was kind and helpful.  I'll definitely come back to try the coffee, and the rest of the menu!!  The only drawback is it's cash only, so come prepared.
Adorable cafe with excellent food.  Exposed brick walls with a gritty feel yet the cuisine is clean, crisp, fresh, and delicious.   Super vegan friendly with extraordinary cafe fare!   

I got the Vegan Curried Chicken Salad Wrap.  Contrra with lettuce, tomatoes, cranberries, carrots, onions, avocados on a wheat wrap.  ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!!   Paired with a side of Vegan/Gluten Free Potato Salad this was an excellent lunch.  They offer melts, soups, sandwiches, sales, breakfast, and wraps.  Awesome.   GO HERE!
I love this place. So do all my coworkers. Good funky sandwiches, lots of vegan stuff, amazing potato salad. 
We often call ahead and come in to pick up.
The staff is all really nice and helpful. 

I haven't had their coffee as I usually go for lunch, but their iced teas are great as are the smoothies. 

The BLTA and Vegan curried chicken salad wrap are my fav if you're looking for a recommendation.
Red Hook has a charm that Fabic Row has needed for quite some time now. Ever since there really wasn't much to offer on the beautiful 4th Street shopping of the finest fabrics and materials. Besides The Famous Tea House, which really isn't a cafe, just a place to pick up really good DIY tea for home. Then Red Hook hooks in and sinks right into the heart of this taken for granted area of Queens Village. They even have nifty red cups with their logo of the hook to help promote this slowly but surely, increasingly popular underdog. Some people complain why sell fair-trade coffee when the cups aren't environmentally sound, so what? Take your 'Whole Foods' lifestyle to someone who cares. Everyone's doing their fair share of killing the planet and people like you are only making it worse. Besides don't even get me started on what soy is costing us. Back to Red Hook, they just revised the place, making it more spacious, cozy, and friendly for any new-comer or patron-saint since day one. What I love most is that it doesn't just attract one kind of crowd. Everyone is welcome and they eagerly anticipate that from the moment a hipster to an elderly couple stumble in. Their variety in scones and cakes are sublime and it goes great with something from their hand-crafting espresso bar. They have wi-fi too but what I like to see is people conversing and that does happen here. A great place to stop in before you begin your morning or afternoon hunt for inexpensive fabrics to make your dress for an upcoming show or party.
my boyfriend and visited red hook coffee and tea this weekend and oh my goodness that breakfast of champion sandwich is SOOOO GOOD. it had soo many flavors that complement each other. It has a nice kick to it but not too much. Customer service was great as well. Great portion size. 

I will most definitely be returning. Highly recommend.
Food is super yummy here, and I was glad to find that it's vegan friendly but not strictly vegan. (Bacon). Service is friendly and prompt. There's limited seating but it hasn't been a problem when I've gone. Good for getting work done because there is wifi and outlets. Definitely a new neighborhood favorite for me!
Red Hook is my go-to coffee shop in the neighborhood. Their cold brew is intense and delicious; even if I get food from another place, I'll stop in Red Hook just to get the cold brew.
Today I got the seasonal maple rosemary latte, which was perfectly made: not too sweet or heavy on the rosemary. I also ordered lunch for the first time. I got the Peacher Man sandwich, which was SO delicious and even better than I was expecting. They served it with a side of delicious, tangy potato salad.
The prices are all very reasonable, especially given the great quality of the food and beverages.
Great spot. Awesome coffees. Good breakfast eats. 
Chill vibe. Friendly attentive laid back staff. 
3 brands of fizzy water 
No OJ. Just bottled drinks. Add juice options and it gets a solid 5 stars. 
Cash only. Very reasonably priced.
Totally adorable!! Love coming here and love the vegetarian options. This may be my new fav place to have lunch when I'm local. My ONLY issue is that there isn't much seating.
