Renata's is the perfect example of how social environment plays a big part in your food experience. Renata's fits right into Baltimore Avenue's hipster home grown foodie vibe with a seasonal menu to compliment it.
It took me a good year after this place was open to try it because its pretty full on the weekends and they aren't really open after 5 pm during the weekday. So you catch it while you can. 

During my first dining experience here I challenged myself not to be basic and not order something with pumpkin in it. 
I ordered the empanadas with chorizo and fried egg (which was on the seasonal menu). The empandas were stuff with some really flavorful vegetable medley with some type of  warm hollandiase sauce with a taste I can't describe.  

The portions were fair, but what makes this place really magical to me are the random folks just dining, doing work on their laptops, or having small business meetings over ice coffee. The outside seating is lovely in the summer with little foot traffic of pedestrians between tables. I'll for sure be back to try the pumpkin pancakes soon. I can't escape my basic tendencies forever.
I had a super fab fun time at Renata's Kitchen. I was a little apprehensive about dining during Covid times but the restaurant practice safe dining methods. It was not packed with other diners and the restaurant itself had a light and airy vibe.

When we arrived at the restaurant we were giving the option to either dine indoors or outside. We choose to eat outside cause it was a beeyutiful day!

I ordered the Fattush Salad and it was perfect for the sunny day. My salad was fresh and had chopped tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, mint and chopped romaine. It was a bright and colorful yummy goodness! I also had the roasted eggplant dip that was also divine. 

Renata's Kitchen also offers creative cocktails and I had the spring fling which had St Germaine- which I heart! gin, honey and pineapple juice.

Overall service was great, food arrived fast, prices were reasonable and I will definitely return!
This place is great. The staff is helpful and warm.. the food is on point. If you want to eat inside, bring your vaccination card (they are strict about this) and then relax knowing every single person in the building is vaccinated. This place is the real deal.
What a great addition to the University City dining scene is Renata's Kitchen.  Situated at the intersection where four Philly trolley lines come together to enter the transit tunnel to Center City, it provides a good reason to get off one of the trolleys and get something to eat.  

First of all, it looks great .... from the outdoor cafe to the bar and common table, and completed with an attractive second floor dining room and mural. 
The food is tasty eastern Mediterranean.  I ordered a Mezze assortment the last time I was at Renata's.  I started off with a decent lightly fried cauliflower in tahini sauce, followed by a crispy spanokopita.  The Turkish fried eggplants with Moroccan charmoula sauce were truly delicious.  Only the Shush Barak disappointed - dry and not as flavorful or spicy as I would like but the tzatziki sauce added some needed moisture.  Now speaking of spice - their homemade hot sauce def added a little kick to the flavor buds.  Service was adequate although I was there during a mid-afternoon change of shift.

Def keep Renata's in mind when hanging out in University City.  It has nicely filled a niche.
Mediterranean spot in West Philly - came in ~6pm on a weekday night.

Atmosphere: For indoor dining, they require physical copies of proof of vaccination, and do not require masks indoors. They also offer outdoor seating. The atmosphere is quite casual, with a large long table in the center. I believe they have 2 floors as well.

Food: I thought the portion sizes were great - I enjoyed the taste of the sumac fries, but I think the chicken shawarma wrap could have been spiced better / tasted a bit bland. My primary issue was with the haloumi eggplant sourdough sandwich because it got too soggy with the tomato and eggplant included. The pound cake with rose infused wasn't too sweet, which I liked. I was mostly just bummed by the sourdough sandwich.

Overall: 3/5 - I may come back to order other things from their menu, but I just thought the food was okay - wasn't my favorite Mediterranean food, largely due to the soggy bread from the sandwich.
No pictures taken sadly, but it was quite the gastromic experience. I stopped by for takeout to bring to a good friend who's berm isolating for a long while due to COVID. I decided to get a medley of items: 

Fried Haloumi - perfect cubes of crispy cheese topped with a slightly sweet pomegranate molasses, an excellent combo

Shush Barak - I expected a steamed dumpling, but it was crispy. The pockets of goodness were still just as tasty and held up well during the trip to my friend's house. 

Turkish Eggplant - soft eggplant with a very complementary sauce. This was recommended by the girl who took my order, and it was lovely. 

Chicken Mohammar - AMAZING! The chicken was so tender and delicious. The potatoes and sauce were great too. I really wish I had some rice to go with this dish. It was served with pita, which was pillowy soft and likely the best I've ever had, but the sauce required rice. 

Grilled Kefta - slightly charred but still perfectly cooked. The jasmine rice and onion relish really made this dish memorable. 

I had been wanting to try this spot for a very long time. It was super worth it. I cannot wait to go back again!
Renata's Kitchen is a classic UCity eatery that everyone loves! Although they are known for their brunch, I came for dinner and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and service!

They had just revamped and added a dinner menu recently and so I was a little apprehensive. However they did stay true to their Middle Eastern/Mediterranean roots! I ordered the Turkish Eggplant appetizer and the Chicken Mohammar entrée. 

The Turkish Eggplant, three pieces of Italian eggplant covered in a thick parsley tomato-based sauce, was good! It was yummy but nothing outstandingly special though.

On the other hand, the Chicken Mohammar is a MUST GET! You guys, IT'S SO GOOD. According to the menu, it's cooked for 18 hours and boy does that actualize in the dish. The chicken was so tender and still remained juicy after all of that cooking. The true star though was that sauce (pretty much got lost in the sauce ). The sauce was tomato-based as well but had a bevy of flavors and spices. It was spicy but right below the threshold of discomfort. The sauce was beautifully balanced and complemented the chicken (which is cooked in that sauce) and potatoes. My only desire was to have more of it!

The service was great, but the food was quite pricey. Honestly though, this is a worthy place for your money!

This was quite the surprise, but I'm so happy that their dinner menu was great and not basic! I'm definitely coming back for more!
Amazing location and nice servers, but a bit overpriced!

I think if you're able to take an extra 20 minutes or so, there are better brunch options for the price )x

That being said the Shakshuka was very yummy!
I've been here two more times for dinner since my last review (couldn't resist!), and Renata has not disappointed each time.

I've tried the fried cauliflower, the eggplant dip, Kefta platter, and Shakshouka (again. But this time for dinner) - all delicious.

+ for great service! My friends and I will be returning soon with a bottle of wine for a BYO dinner experience!
It's time to update. This a different location with an elevated menu. West Philly NEEDS this brunch spot. Which is why if you want brunch on the weekends you should make a reservation. I laid low during covid. I knew that Renata moved here but I wasn't going out much. I took my youngest here today and was impressed. The majadera was so good! The Bloody Mary was  how I like it. My youngest got the chocolate chip pancakes and in the spirit of an honest review, they were a bit on the chewy side (over mixing the batter?). None the less, this place is a great asset to the neighborhood. The location is beautiful. The food is not the usual fare. Try this place. I've been with them since the beginning. And so glad to be here for it.
Lovely place close to University City! They serve brunch ALL DAY for those late-risers.
Cane here around 2pm with my best friend for Sunday brunch. Service was quick and lovely. The place wasnt too crowded and the ambience is very family-friendly.
My friend ordered the cookies and creme pancake and I ordered the Croque Madame substituted with avocado instead of ham. Delicious, to say the least!
Great experience overall and will certainly return!
I loved my breakfast at the brand new Renata's Kitchen - their Chicken and Waffles are to DIE for. Absolutely fabulous with the spicy syrup! The place sits on 40th and Baltimore in the newly finished trolley stop - and it's spotless. Will absolutely be coming back for more VERY soon :)
Decent food, but terrible service. We came in a large group for dinner, and from the very beginning we were made to feel unwelcome in the restaurant, even though the place wasn't super packed that night. Our server reprimanded us for being too noisy - which is an understandable concern, but she did it in a patronizing way that made our group feel uncomfortable. The food was ok, but was on the pricier end and not good enough to compensate for the service. I had the shakshouka ($13); I enjoyed the pita bread that came with it (it was super soft), but felt like the actual shakshouka itself was lacking - somehow felt kinda dry even though it literally is supposed to be a tomato-sauce-stew kinda deal. I really wanted to like Renata's Kitchen since it seemed like a great little brunch place from the reviews, but the service was really disappointing.
I went for Brunch with my Bestie and had a great time! The waitress was extremely friendly. I had the lemon ricotta pancakes and she had a belly buster something regular with egg and bacon and regular pancakes.  The food was remarkable and enjoyable. I'd definitely return maybe for dinner.
Came here for brunch with my bf. First thing I thought is: this restaurant is really small so I wonder how it is when there are a lot of people. Anyways, we came at a slow period and were seated super quick.  I ended up ordering the Spanish omelette with a side of home fries, bacon and toast. My bf ordered the chocolate French toast, sausage and scrambled eggs. Everything was really filling and there was something fresh tasting about the food that I really liked. Only thing is , this place is sorta pricey. My bf's French toast didn't come with any sides so he actually had to order the eggs and sausage separately. At most restaurants, French toast comes with sides! Other than that, I really enjoyed this restaurant. It is an intimate little brunch spot that has a low key vibe. Would def come back here if I'm in the neighborhood.
I lived incredibly close to Cafe Renata until the unfortunate fire, but always found myself forgetting they served brunch (despite numerous glowing reviews from friends.)

I was thrilled to see Renata return with Renata's Kitchen, in the old Subway space on Baltimore Ave. 

I went for Saturday brunch with a few friends, and really enjoyed my meal. Yelp didn't let me down, and I ordered the Shakshouka Merguez, which was spicy, tangy, delicious, and so comforting. The lamb sausage was tasty, and the three eggs + pita made for a really great breakfast. I left feeling incredibly satisfied but not weighed down from an over-portioned brunch platter.

Some friends got items from the sweet side of the menu, and others checked out the omelets and smoked salmon Benedict. Overall, everyone enjoyed their food a lot!

Service was kind of scattered and slow, but that might be a reflection of a hectic brunch service.
I went here for brunch with my mom and sister and really liked the menu options. I had never tried eggs benedict, and was so excited to finally have the chance! I got the smoked salmon benedict, and loved how the hollandaise sauce, tomato, and smoked salmon paired together. It came with roasted potatoes, which were cooked perfectly. Their coffee was great as well. However, my mom ordered an omelet and said it was a bit dry. I'd definitely go back to try their pancakes and cocktails if I'm ever in the area again though!
TERRIBLE SERVICE! The waiter was very rude and scolded us for being too loud. I was very unhappy with the patronizing tone that she used to talk to our group. Such a shame, because the food was good! This is bad for larger parties.

Also my friend almost got an allergic reaction because the staff wasn't careful about nuts or something, and someone else in our group had to run to cvs to get her a benadryl in the middle of the meal.
I come here fairly often both for quick to-go orders and sit-down meals in the restaurant. As a Middle-Easterner who has had a lot of hit-or-miss experiences with some of the restaurants in the city, I can comfortably say that Renata's has hands-down some the best fuul, baba ghanoosh, and shakshouka in the city. I personally also think they have the best falafel in town,  bite-sized with a fluffy texture and not drenched in oil - superb! They also have killer lemon poppy-seed pancakes, seriously get a stack of these and a plate of shakshouka to share for brunch (you're welcome). 

Don't really have a ton of experience with their dinner menu, but my co-worker has had the lamb shank possibly 8 times over the course of the last two weeks. I can personally attest to the excellence of the seafood paella 

Staff is always friendly and while sometimes this place gets packed I've never had a problem with prompt and friendly service. Very happy to have found this place and cannot recommend it enough.
We love this place, and are so happy to have it back in our lives. The brunch is a fun mix of american brunch standards and Mediterranean dishes (the shakshuka is delicious). The brunch is busy on weekend mornings, but the wait somehow never seems to be long (at least with 2 people).

We were excited when we saw the "Dinner coming soon" sign, so made our reservations for opening night. It was awesome! The highlight was 100% the kefta, which we had in two dishes. But the haloumi, the fried cauliflower, and the falafel were also fantastic: gourmet Mediterranean food in  a comfortable Baltimore Avenue setting.

Even with the food, though, the highlight of Renata is always the staff. Precise yet friendly and fun, we always have fun when we go here.

I don't write a ton of these, but we need this menu in our life, so hope everyone else supports their foray into dinner!
A really great brunch spot with Middle Eastern/Mediterranean influences. I had the chicken and waffles and I really enjoyed their unique spin on it (swapping the waffle for a Belgian waffle, spicy syrup). At first I thought the Belgian waffle was a bit too sweet but the more I ate it the more I liked it. My friend had the shakshuka merguez which was also really tasty and something I'd consider getting next time. We shared an order of the pumpkin French toast as well, and we enjoyed the candied bacon bits but felt that the toast itself was a bit too heavy on the pumpkin spice. Other than that I enjoyed our meal and the friendly vibe of the restaurant and if I'm in Philly again I would most definitely come back!
I've been a Renata fan since they were a coffee shop on Locust Street. I love the menu and the the warmth of the restaurant and I think they have really hit their groove. They specialize in great breakfast/brunch and lunch. Perfect.
I have eaten here for so long and have tried most things on the menu. Their shakshuka is delightful as well as the foul. Today I devoured the "special" which was chicken empanadas with an egg on top. So delicious. My kid had the french toast (which she usually does) and everything was good.
This is a solid spot in West Philly. If you are looking...go here.
This is a wonderfully convenient spot if you're in University City and looking for a casual brunch/lunch. I recommend the Norwegian omellete, it was delicious! Everyone was pleased with their food orders, but on Sunday brunch I have noticed there's always a rush to get customers in and out as fast as possible, likely do to the long line of customers waiting for a table.
Came in for brunch today with 7 people. We came on time for our reservation but they took awhile to seat us and made us feel like we were in the way  while we waiting -- we were made to feel unwelcome the whole time we were there. 

We ordered drinks (iced coffee & tea) and waters all around. The iced coffees had a horrible sour flavor that couldn't be cured with cream and sugar. When we asked if the coffee was flavored, the waitress rudely responded that "it's cold brew coffee so it must be too strong for you." I drink a lot of coffee and this wasn't a problem of it being strong, it was just bad. We asked for iced teas without drinking the coffee.

We had to ask for water several times before the waitress admitted that all their water glasses were dirty and asked if we wanted bottled water instead. We said yes and she came back with 3 water bottles for our table of 7. When we got the bill at the end, they had charged us for bottles of water!

It took over an hour after ordering for the food to show up, and when it did they had forgotten about one person's meal so his came much later than everyone else's. I was disappointed with my shakshouka--it was incredibly unappetizing looking and near-flavorless--could only be salvaged with a ton of hot sauce. 3 people at the table ordered shakshouka but they only brought 2 dishes of pita, though one of my friends ordered with extra pita. The waitress claimed these two dishes of pita constituted 4 servings, but that definitely wasn't enough for the shakshouka. I asked for some more pita and they ended up charging us for 2 additional servings of pita. One of my friends got falafel that she said were fine, but the fries that came with them were cold, limp, and unsalted. Another friend got French toast and the inside was just dry bread (like they didn't soak in the egg mixture at all).

Though the food took forever to come, but thankfully the check came quickly. We were appalled that they had charged us for the terrible coffee and for the water bottles when they didn't have water glasses. Will not be returning.

TL;DR meh food, ATROCIOUS service
My parents and I stumbled upon Renata's as we were moving into my new West Philly apartment and were looking for a place to get lunch to refuel ourselves back up before continuing with moving day.  We most certainly lucked out! We all found something on the menu that we liked and my chocolate chip pancakes were so delicious that my mom couldn't help but ask me for a bite.  Service is friendly and prompt; also a family friendly establishment which caters to children with a smile.  They also have rotating specials that they advertise on a sandwich board outside the restaurant, such as the strawberry and whipped cream pancakes that I am sitting in the cafe eagerly anticipating for a lunchtime birthday treat as I write this review!  Renata's certainly fits in very well with the diverse array of shops and restaurants on Baltimore Avenue!
So just drove by and stopped in for a late breakfast. I was pleasantly surprised. Super cute little place. I ordered my favorite breakfast. Eggs Benedict. It was the best, most amazing, perfect poached egg I've ever seen. The sauce was perfect and rich. The only thing I didn't care for was there tomato on it, ( but the hats because I'm a creature of habit). My server Bryce? Was great and super attentive. The 4 Stars was because of the potatoes. They where even good but needed to be dressed up a bit with something. Onions? Cheese? Just sitting lonely on the plate. I will definitely be back.
Recently enjoyed a very nice dinner here. We started with the baba ganoush and hummus which were both rather lemony, but still very good. My friend and I ordered the falafel platter which was very enjoyable and the kefta mashwii wrap. Kefta mashwii is kind of like a meat ball... And it was excellent! The surprise hit of the night were the French fries which we all enjoyed. The place is a small BYO with a West Philly feel. All in all, I would certainly go back.
I was so happy when Cafe Renata re-opened at the new location on Baltimore Ave (in old Subway Sandwich location). Same owners, same great food! The new location is cozy and comfortable. The food is still great. Staff very nice. The coffee is Greenstreet Coffee, a local, small roaster. Welcome to Baltimore Ave. You are now closer to my apartment. I shall be back  and also with friends visiting me.
Went for dinner. Chicken was so soft and tender! The sauce was slightly spicy, which I loved. The potatoes underneath the chicken was nicely cooked as well. Shakshuka was classic.
My friend and I came in for lunch on a Sunday Thursday afternoon. I made reservations for outdoor patio dining and we were brought to our table right away. 
Love the vibes on the patio! We came here because of the good reviews and the many options for my vegan friend. I got the ketfa wrap with fries she got the falafel wrap with fries. We also ordered crispy grape leaves and a bunch of different cocktails.
Cocktails were fantastic. On the pricey side but worth it. My wrap looked small but was surprisingly filling. Love the different flavors from the kefta and veggies. Fries could have been alittle crispier but that's just my preference. Service was great and accommodating and they took our temps prior to sitting down so I felt safe from their Covid precautions. Love this place! Would highly recommend. Can't wait to to come back one day :)
The bartender/server on December 23rd was the best. 

The drinks were strong, the food was fast and delicious (Fried chicken and BLTA) and the patio seating was lovely, even on a cold day. This was during COVID but I bet it's amazing during open times. Come and enjoy! Plus it's right outside the trolley portal. Yum!
Great food. We came here for brunch and all of the food we ordered was delicious. You can tell that the food was made with love! I with they had halal food, so they could serve their community better, but maybe in the future!
This place is delicious and dependable. I've been here more times than I can count because the quality of the food. The menu has a decent vegetarian/vegan selection and some unique Mediterranean/middle eastern dishes you won't find anywhere else (I like the majaddara platter). I really recommend this place for brunch or coffee. Some of my favorites are the lemon poppy pancakes, the iced coffee, and the burekkas(pastries). The service is good, the price are reasonable, and the atmosphere is clean and comfortable.
Renata's Kitchen features American brunch with a Mediterranean twist. I appreciated the measures that Renata's taking right now with COVID. They take your temperature before you enter and the tables all have dividers in between. The staff members were wearing masks and gloves the entire time as well. They're currently offering both indoor and outdoor seating and you can make a reservation online. 

The waitress was really friendly and checked on my table frequently. The food came out fairly quickly too. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles ($14) and right when it came out my mouth started watering. The Belgian waffles were crispy and not too sweet, while the chicken was well flavored and complemented the waffles perfectly. The sauce that comes with it adds a great kick to it as well. Renata's brunch prices are pretty average for the area and the portion sizes are fair in my opinion.

TLDR: Lots of measures in place for COVID and the chicken and waffles were the perfect combination of spicy and savory.
Yes, yes, yes - welcome back, Renata! Somehow, this new location is even better than the old one.

I came here for brunch on a Saturday morning with two friends, and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience here. I was worried that there might be a long wait since there always seems to be a line of people outside when I pass by it on Sunday mornings, but we were lucky enough to get there before the Saturday brunch rush and were seated right away.

The 3 of us got a short stack of pancakes to share for the table. I ordered the Shakshouka Merguez, which comes with 3 eggs and spicy sausage poached in Moroccan salsa and pita bread. If you're not a vegetarian, I would highly recommend ordering the Merguez, as I found the sausages to perfectly compliment the dish. A few bites, and I was completely sold at the perfect blend of spices and just the right amount of heat that was offset by the texture of the poached eggs.

I also took a bite of my friend's House French Toast, which was topped with mango-pineapple chutney and normally comes with a side of candied bacon, My friend opted for regular bacon, but I would be curious to try the candied bacon next time. I am usually not the biggest fan of french toast in general, but this one had a light sweetness with huge chunks of mango and pineapple that complimented the toast well both in terms of texture and flavor.

Despite the busyness, our food came out quickly, and the service was stellar throughout it all. Our coffee and water cups were constantly filled, and the waitress was attentive without being too intrusive on our conversation.

At the end of the meal, they also handed us their new dinner menu, which looked amazing at very good prices. Plus it's a BYOB! Hey Renata, you can count on me being back very soon!

Tips: they do not take reservations for brunch (but they DO take them for dinner), so get there early to beat the crowds!
This has been on my West Philly bucket list for SO long, and we finally checked it off today.

Went around noon for brunch. Renata's currently offers indoor seating -- aka booths separated by plastic dividers, as well as outdoor seating. It was a bit nippy when we arrived, so we opted to stay in.

Tryna stay on that no-dairy grind and also stay true to the restaurant's Middle Eastern roots, so I went for the Shakshuka Merguez ($15), which is the same thing as the original Shakshuka, except it's $1(?) pricier and has deliciously heat-y chorizo slices. Portion size is more than sufficient. Shakshuka is a solid pick.

I also sampled a bit of my friend's Chicken and Waffles ($14) and dang those waffles were perfection!

Plus the new trolley station location is kinda vibey -- good date spot, mayhaps?
The most delightful meal. 

Chocolate brioche as French toast. Tea in your sangria. Hot sauce, but chipotle. We've all been doing food wrong, guys. Renata's is the way. Let's adjust accordingly. 

Top to bottom, this meal was a delight. We enjoyed it on the loveliest patio with the most friendly staff. Everything was fresh and wonderful. My only sadness is that I don't live in Philly so that I can easily return to try more dishes.
Lovely little brunch place located in Ucity. They are Mediterranean fusion. I got a Diablo chicken sandwich- it was decently crispy and not too dry. Wasn't the best chicken sandwich I've ever had but still a solid choice. The fries were great if you enjoy very potatoey and soggy texture which is my favorite. The hot sauce that comes with it is like a Smokey bbq flavor with a bit of spice; a tasty choice for fries. 
Overall a solid brunch experience that was reasonably priced with good portions. Would come again.
Food: love this place! Chicken and waffles were nice blend of sweet & savory. The chicken was very tender and soft, not dry at all. Feel like the breakfast burrito got larger since I last came 

Service: there's indoor seating & super friendly staff
Chicken n waffles review first: not great. I've noticed on my northeastern tour that this dish (like the previous 2 places in Boston & Rhode Island) is served with the breast rather than the tastier dark meat. The breast was dry, but not bone dry. The worst part of this meal were the waffles. I have never had a dry, crumbling waffle before. I sliced, it fell apart. I poked a piece with the fork, it turned to crumbs. I had to scoop the pieces to get them onto the fork. Ugh! 

I mentioned the dry & crumbling waffles to our server and asked her to check in with the chef. Do I think she even spoke to the chef about our waffles? Nope. How do I know? Because every self-respecting chef responds to inquiries about the quality of the food prepared. She simply came back after awhile saying "that's the way the waffles are made." 

They also had a slightly stale taste as if they'd been made before and popped into a warmer. How do I know? I've done it before at home for my children during one of my cook-everything-in-advance-and-they-can-reheat-it-later-to save-me-time-in-the-morning phases. My son confirmed his waffles were dry and he reported the french toast wasn't good either. 

Our server was nice enough, but not attentive. She didn't come back to refill my "bottomless coffee" cup nor my son's water. When she finally did come around, she silently filled his water, but never asked if I wanted a refill. I had to ask for the coffee refill. 

On the positive side: the restaurant is large with big windows to let in the light. There's a colorful mural on the back wall and plastic barriers between booths for Covid safety.
Love the new location by the trolley stop with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. This is a great brunch spot on a nice sunny day. I had the shakshuka with pita and it was delicious.
My partner and I visited Renata's at their new location for our first "yellow phase" meal out last weekend, and we were both really impressed. They were one of my favorite weekday lunch spots back when they were on 47th, so I was really happy to find their menu largely unchanged...with the very important addition of cocktails!

My partner ordered the french toast with fresh fruit, and I had the salmon eggs benedict. Both were fantastic, as always. I also tried their new harissa Bloody Mary, which I can't recommend highly enough. If you like your bloodies spicy, be warned that it's a bit mild by default. I'll definitely be asking for extra harissa next time.

Their outdoor dining setup is great. It's set back from the sidewalk, and the tables are adequately spaced. All of the servers wear masks at all times, and they ask patrons to do the same except when eating or drinking. When my partner I were there, everybody was being very considerate and following the rules without complaint.

Our server, Majo, was super friendly, attentive, and professional. We had a lot of questions about the new rules, so definitely appreciate her patience!
This is such a solid little West Philly joint. Everything is consistent. The service is always good, the food is always good, and everything is always clean. 

The wait time tends to be very, very long for brunch, but if you can scoot in for an early-ish meal you'll be golden.
Nice place, pleasant service (although there was only one server and a full restaurant so she was pretty overwhelmed), but unacceptable food. Lamb kebabs were more like small hockey pucks, tough and almost unchewable and stuck on the skewer. Served on thin potato fries. Fried snapper came out with an undefinable sauce that tasted like mayonnaise, and included, oddly enough, peas. All plopped on top of fries, making them damp and inedible. I actually felt sick after eating most of this unappetizing dish.  Baklava excellent.
I've been here several times after church in the area and it's never disappointed me. It's a small place so I wouldn't bring a group of more than 4 if you don't want to wait long. I like the Shakshuka here but I'm writing this review because most recently I went and got a breakfast burrito...SO GOOD! Don't overlook this on the menu. Generous portions and loved the chorizo and biting into big chunks of potato...really filling! It comes with pico on the side, which I didn't think it needed because it was so flavorful on its own.
Skip it. Not worth the visit. Stale bagel, burnt coffee, fruit not at all ripe, or edible. Waitresses were over eager, removing unfinished plates. Really, so many places to eat, this just isn't one of them.
For the price it's offered at, this place was nothing special. While the vibes were immaculate with each visit I had, the food is overrated.  Potatoes, lacking much flavor, basic scrambled eggs with no taste, the sandwich, unappealing and underwhelming in size. You really don't get what you pay for here, and I would not recommend getting brunch here unless you're looking for an unsatisfying meal.
Came in on a Thursday afternoon to a fairly empty restaurant, but I heard how crazy it gets sometimes! (Be sure to make a reservation to be on the safer side!)

The lemon poppy pancakes were the BEST that I've ever had. It was not too sweet but I still didn't have to add any syrup! The lemon flavor was very strong -- definitely satisfied my lemon pancake cravings. The short stack is $8 and the full stack is $11. I was full off getting the short stack with a side of bacon.

Their savory options here are great too. Pretty hefty dishes with a lot of flavor. 

Drinks here are decent. The iced drinks are served in a cute little mason jar that's garnished with some sugar on the rim. Super aesthetic! 

Service was kind, friendly and fairly quick. I'm excited to come back next time!
This place is awesome! The ambiance is great and they were very accommodating of our large group. Highly recommend for brunch!
I don't come here as often as I want, but every time I have eaten here all the food has been delicious. Renata's Kitchen has become neighbourhood staple and it is a very cozy and comfortable place to meet up with friends. I get a feeling there are more customers based on the school year. When I went this time Univ of Penn already have started so it seemed like there were new grad students. The place was pretty packed around 11:00am. The noise level was a bit loud, but bearable. The wait staffs were attentive, friendly, and not rushed. I really appreciated this because when other restaurants are busy wait staffs tend to be rushed, but all the wait staffs here were still efficient and did not make me feel hurried. 
This time I ordered Majadarra platter; I really loved the spiced lentil, it's such a comfort food for me. Their "Arabian" salad was nicely spiced and refreshing. I think I can eat this often, I seriously won't get tired. My friend had gazpacho soup and tabbouleh salad. She said both were very tasty and nicely done. 
Most of the customers are from the neighborhood so walking is the primary means of getting to Renata's Kitchen, however, if you have to drive there are enough places to park either on Baltimore Ave or the north or the south side of Baltimore Ave. Definitely check it out of you are in the neighbourhod!
Stopped in today for the first time and really loved it. Tried the Shaksouka with spicy sausage and my wife got the Cubano Sandwich. Both were amazing, so glad there is something like this in the neighborhood.
Great shakshouka (my first ever). The pita bread was really good, so warm and soft. The house french toast is pretty good too, though a bit too mango/pineapple sweet for me. The candied bacon was awesome, sweet and juicy. We saw another customer getting chocolate french toast, and it looked and smelled amazing.
I finally got to try out the brunch at Renata.  It's been on my list since they were at their old location, but the lukewarm reviews made me push it further and further down on the list.  However, on a lazy Sunday if you're looking for somewhere close to UCity/West Philly, brunchy (not diner breakfast), without a stupid long wait (aka Sabrina's), there aren't too many options left.  Today was that day, and alas we ended up here finally.  

The wait wasn't long at all, and they have a take-names-and-text system, so that's convenient.  After a short time, we were seated.  I ordered the smoked salmon Benedict and my boyfriend ordered the steak and eggs.  We also shared a short stack of blueberry pancakes.  First, the food.  It wasn't great.  It was passable but not great.  The salmon portion was sparse, but considering it wasn't very good salmon, I guess that's a blessing in disguise.  The color was off and it just didn't have that good salty/briney taste.  Like the package has been opened and not sealed correctly for some time.  His steak was bland and tough, but the frites and potatoes on our dishes were decent.  I thought the blueberry pancakes would be like blueberries in the batter, but to my disappointment it was just regular pancakes drenched it blueberry sauce.  A bit much so I just ate the bottom pancake.  Ask for sauce on the side if you're like me and don't prefer the drenching.  

As for the service, overall friendly. BUT...I know this makes me sound like an b**tch...it was overattentive.  I know what you're thinking "Is there such a thing??", and yes there is.  I think they were overstaffed, at least for servers.  The girls kept circling the small space in some constant rotation that drove us nuts.  One server literally walked to one end of the restaurant and back, and repeated and repeated and repeated and repeated.  Again, it's not a big place at all so it was very noticeable to us.  We were asked if we wanted more coffee and water so often that I just stopped drinking so that we wouldn't be interrupted.  Oh, and we also asked to be moved to an inside table, out of the aisle so that we wouldn't see the waitress walking back and forth so much.  I know this sounds crazy, but if the same person entered and left your field of vision every 15 seconds, it would drive you insane too.  

I'm giving it 3 stars because everyone is friendly and that means the world to me but I likely won't return.  Also, it was a pretty steep brunch bill ($45 before tip) considering the quality of food.  You're better off going to Aksum, or waiting in line at Sabrina's.  Or venture out of UCity.
Excellent fare in a relaxed bistro on Baltimore Ave. A new favorite in our neighborhood. Our go-to dishes include the mussels, rissoto, steak frites, sashuka eggs. Outside patio seating adds to the charm.
After hearing rave reviews of this place from my roommate and others, I was excited for some Sunday brunch. My excitement was definitely under served. I ordered the veggie quiche with grilled potatoes and a croissant. They forgot my croissant, and then our server disappeared after we got our food, so by the time I got my croissant we were almost done eating. The quiche was subpar, kind of runny, and bland in flavor. My friend ordered eggs-over-easy with toast, but they turned out to be more fried and over-hard, and the toast was plain and dry. She ended up not eating the toast. They were also lax on the coffee service. Supposed to be bottomless coffee, but we only got one refill. The saving grace of this meal was the mimosas. $25 for a carafe of fresh-squeezed orange juice, and it came with a complimentary bottle of Comte de Bucques brut champagne. Overall I might come back here, as I've been told I really need to try the salmon eggs benedict...
Been here a few times with a small party of 2-3 people each time for brunch. The staff have always been courteous and attentive. I love splitting something sweet and savory and they have a good variety of both. I've had both the Florentine and Salmon eggs Benedict. The eggs are always perfectly runny for me (which is the most important part for me). The lemon-poppy pancakes are memorable as the lemon flavor was delightfully light and not overly zesty. I would def recommend this spot for a brunch especially for West Philly locals.
I never went to the old Cafe Renata, but a friend suggested we try the new Renata's Kitchen on Baltimore Avenue. It has quickly become one of my top three West Philly cafes for its friendly atmosphere, plentiful seating, and delicious food.

So far, I've done brunch three times, and can recommend breakfast burritos, middle eastern breakfast, and almond croissant. The BYO opportunity to make mimosas is also awesome! I keep finding myself dropping in for a quick bottomless coffee whenever I walk by.
It was so cold in there. The food was fine but I thought it was expensive for the quantity and taste. The service also left a little to be desired for such a small place but it wasn't terrible.
Casual with good food and great house coffee. We might have been there at funny time, but they seemed under staffed. Despite being one of the highest rated restaurants in that neighborhood, they mostly only had tables for two and two waitresses serving 14 or so tables.
Visited this spot at its new and old location -- and the new location doesn't measure up. While there is expanded seating (hooray!), make sure to go early for Sunday brunch. 

My go-to was the Shakshuka, however the new plating (no longer in the skillet) affected the flavorfulness. I would highly recommend the Middle Eastern breakfast plate -- the ful is absolutely amazing!
Got eggs Benedict... Why you no give me hollandaise sauce?! Seriously gave me like 2 teaspoons of hollandaise. Sad. I'm just sad now. Other meals I've had there have been good.
In my last two visits to Philadelphia, I've had the best breakfast of my vacation at Renata's Kitchen. Apart from the super nice staff, cozy atmosphere, and never-ending coffee, the shakshuka and shakshuka merguez make my tastebuds dance and my belly full. Shakshuka is the perfect mix of tomatoes, spices, and eggs. My very last visit to Philly, I went all out. I ordered a fried long hot on top of the shakshuka (warning: it's very hot, but very flavorful), and decided to split some sides with my friends: the labaneh and pita helped to cool my mouth from the long hot, but also added a nice tangy element to my meal; and house-pickled vegetables provided a nice crunch that paired perfectly with the meal as a whole. If you find yourself in West Philly and are looking for a delicious traditional American breakfast or Middle Eastern breakfast, you have to try this place out!
Going to keep this short and sweet. First of all, the glasses at our table were all visibly dirty. Like there were lipstick stains on them. And then I found a hair in my fries. Service was ok but I'm definitely not coming back again.
How can you tell when a restaurant has made the unusual decision to serve you food instead of poison?  Simple:  Your plate is half as large and your bill is twice as big.

Welcome to Renata's Café.

The vegetable quiche I ordered tasted nowhere near as good as it looked but the Arabic salad was noice.  The environs were clean and service was super.

I'll come back here for sure the next time I have a surfeit of cash burning a whole in my wallet
mediocre food, overpriced, astonishingly bad service. didn't fill our water up once; when I asked for more, it was ROOM TEMPERATURE tap water. didn't even fill everyone's at the table and seemed pissed that I asked. Food took almost 40 minutes to come, and all was unremarkable. for $14, the burger was on par with fast food and for $5, we got 3 strips of bad bacon. the shakshuka was mid. we only came here for the convenience of location but will never come back!
A cozy cafe where middle eastern + comfort collide, Renata was a pleasant discovery on my recent west philly finds. I highly recommend making a reservation if you plan to come during brunch hours, which I did make for 2 on Sunday morning. The staff here are very friendly and our overall experience from sitting down to finish paying was within an hour. My friend and I decided to split 2 plates since we could not figure out the portions and it turned out to be the best option. We split the avocado toast which had a strong lime flavor sprinkled with bagel seasoning. It was a tad salty to the taste but the salad was a fresh contrast to pair it with. I really enjoyed their shakshuka with the sausage which reminds me of asian sausages. It was well seasoned and not overcooked or as runny as some places. It's a small space so don't expect to have an intimate conversation with the noise level but I think we had an enjoyable time regardless. Thanks again for the friendly service!
I thoroughly enjoyed Baltimore Ave. and this spot, which served up a wonderful croque Madame sandwich with Arabian salad. I finished my entire meal (with the help of a friend, of course). The croque madame was made with French toast and was absolutely delicious. I loved my Arabian salad.
Fantastic new location. Ride to this place on the trolleys. 11,13,36 & 34. Kate and Yassir  The staff is very friendly and I really enjoy the food and fun cocktail menu. 

Friday night I had the most delicious  lamb of my life it was the shank. Very tender. I also shared the fool, and fried grape leaf appetizers. The music makes a groovy lounge vibe  while the decor and high ceilings say hip urban bistro. 

Today I returned for Sunday brunch and had my favorite - the salad nicoise. The tuna, olives, capers and dressing are always a real treat. 

My dining partners enjoyed the breakfast burrito and waffle w fried chicken.   Whether dining al fresco on the verdant brick patio or chilling in either the lower or upper dining room I always enjoy Renata's Kitchen. 

They are easily my favorite all around spot in University City.
I went here twice last weekend (Saturday Brunch & Sunday Dinner) Both times I enjoyed a great cocktails and good eats. The outdoor seating area is nicely tucked away from the wind and has umbrellas. Indoors the setup and decorations were nice to look at and they made sure the game was on TV. I'll definitely be back! It's a nice chill spot.
To be honest, I thought Renata's Kitchen was just okay. This might be because of what I ordered, so I hope to get something different when I come back. That being said, the service was fantastic and my table was very well taken care off, even during the busy lunch rush.

I ordered the ham and swiss omelette. While I liked my omelette, I thought it was very ordinary - there was nothing that really made it stand out against the many other breakfast/brunch places in University City. Additionally, I'm a big carb fan, so I wish I had more than 7 breakfast potatoes on my plate. My biggest issue, though, was I thought the prices were generally on the higher side, and the portion-to-price ration did not measure up.

I've heard rave reviews about the shakshuka, so I'll definitely be back to try that. In the meantime, though, Renata's Kitchen isn't the place to go if you want a good bang for your buck.
I ordered an ahi tuna club and was expecting for it to be as good as the vegan wrap I had there last week. It had a fishy smell that I couldn't get pass so after two bites I threw the rest away. The side salad that I ordered w it was fresh and yummy. 

Last week, I had the vegan wrap w fries which was amazing. I loved how fresh and flavorful the food was. I also had a great server w good vibes. 

Although I did not enjoy the sandwich and would not order it again. I will continue to patronize this place.
I went here for brunch this past weekend and had a great experience. I ordered the quiche Lorraine which was incredible and perfect in every way. It came with delicious crispy potatoes and I also ordered a side of candied bacon. Highly recommend getting candied bacon while you're here- it's incredibly delicious. 

Service was good. I think the wait can be long if you don't have a reservation (we did so that wasn't an issue). The outside seating is limited but cute. Indoors is bigger than you think. 

I don't live locally but I would definitely come here often if I did. They're also byob and have full coffeeshop capabilities. I had a delightful soy latte with my meal!
We went to Renata's Kitchen since the place we'd been planning to go to was closed. Renata's food is fine & solid, totally adequate but doesn't make me look forward to coming back.

Here's a food summary (I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars):

****^ Shakshuka merguez with sausage: Tasty, good. The tomato stewy part is flavourful with sausage & the eggs are cooked in it. It's probably the best shakshuka I've had in West Philadelphia.

**^ Cauliflower appetizer with tahini was okay. The cauliflower was a bit undercooked.

*** Cuban Sandwich was half-good. It was unevenly constructed so while about half the sandwich was tasty, the ingredients were not proportionately distributed so the rest of the sandwich was not great, too dry and bland. I didn't want to eat those parts.

Service is fine.

I'd be okay with returning, but not really excited.
Environment: Small West Philly breakfast and brunch spot that had character, great lighting, and adequate space for the 2 of us to choose a spot of our choosing. 

Service: Thank you particularly to Haley for serving us today. She was extremely pleasant a huge blessing to our experience. I have nothing to complain about the service here.

Food: My "litmus test" for most breakfast/brunch places is always to start off the simplicity of their 2 eggs, bacon, potatoes, and toast. The eggs were cooked to perfect, bacon not too heavy and crispy enough. The potatoes were cooked exceptionally well. I personally avoided toast because of gluten-free restrictions; however, they have plenty of GF and V options on the menu so please look out for this place!

Price: For less than $10 for a standard breakfast choice, I think this place is a steal! Don't expect to break the bank over $15-18 per person with tip if you want a decent place particularly in the West Philly neighborhood!
I'm really glad Renata's is in the neighborhood. They offer indoor and outdoor seating, have good service, the food is great, and always presented nicely. Today I ordered an iced coffee and a short stack of lemon poppyseed pancakes. The coffee was served in a mason jar with sugar coating the rim, and the pancakes came with ricotta and lemon poppyseed topping. Next time I would order the ricotta on the side, because they also spread it between the pancakes and it was A LOT. 

Today I was seated immediately, but whenever I walk by Renata's on the weekend there's usually a line. I'd suggest the earlier the better. It's a great place to eat, right off the 34 trolley, and a short walk to Clark Park. Not a bad way to star the morning!
Amazing! My girlfriend loves this place and I called ahead earlier in the week to try and surprise her for a birthday brunch. They were incredibly accommodating, giving us their best table and working with me beforehand to bring balloons and flowers in to our table. To top it off they gave us some tasty carrot cake on the house. So indicative of the great community here in west Philly. Thank you!!! Highly recommended to all.
So passed this place on my Saturday errand run and thought looks like a good place to grab a coffee and a bite.  I had about 45 minutes to kill and that's more than enough time to be seated, served and on about my routine... how wrong I was. We were seated quite promptly and the sat and sat and sat some more. There were only 4 other people there so I figured ordering a sandwich should be nice and quick (again, wrong). My water glass was repeatedly filled despite the fact that it was almost to the top. I assume this was their way of letting me know I wasn't forgotten. Drinks and orders were finally put in (after 15-20 minutes of sitting) and then the real wait began. That quick sandwich I referenced earlier took 45 minutes to reach the table. Well I thought to myself, this sandwich should taste like a small piece of heaven because it was obviously cooked with tender love and care and they had to rush to the farm to get the ingredients and butcher the meat... Wrong again. Was it bad?? Was it worth the wait?? Sorry. No to both questions. Needless to say I missed my appointment. I really wanted to like this place, but unfortunately it fell flat.
Perfect for a cute little morning date with someone. Cute, neat, welcoming atmosphere that makes you happy you're awake this morning.

Their portions are a bit small, so not a place for a hearty brunch if you're starving -- their shakshouka is probably the largest volume and the most filling thing, and sausage shakshouka is pretty yummy! 

Steak and eggs is not too impressive, steak-wise, according to my boyfriend. 

I've also tried their Norwegian Lox Special -- the capers mix super well with the other flavors on the plate and it's a treat to eat.
So SO! Excited that renatas moved closer to university city campus area. The interior and seating is very spacious, and the upstairs area has a bit of a diner vibe to it. 

Food: went for brunch and would say that the food is well worth the price. Food tastes good and portions are definitely filling. It is cheaper than brunch places like Aksum and better quality. They have a sweets section on the menu and regular brunch section, both were really good! 
Pumpkin French toast kinda just tasted like pumpkin bread, not French toast and the cranberries definitely overpowered the subtle pumpkin flavor. The Apple crumble was not too sweet, which I appreciated but the Apple flavor was also very subtle and mild. Got the breakfast burrito, not pictured, but would say one of the best breakfast burritos I have had-- packed with potatoes, eggs, and a nice kick with the chorizo. 

Service: our server was very friendly and considerate. We had a reservation so the wait wasn't long, but pretty packed house. 

Location: as I mentioned, renatas is much closer to ucity now and will definitely be looking forward to going back to try more of their menu!
We did Sunday brunch here and it was perfect in every way - food and drinks were delicious, great ambiance outside, and we received amazing service from Majo! We will definitely be back!
really cute brunch spot - service is a little slow, but the chicken and waffles are REALLY good. It comes with buttermilk waffles and they're a 10/10
This is the second time I've tried this place. Everyone loves it and this time I give them a 4. I had the chicken and waffles and wished the chicken skin was crispier. The spicy syrup was a delicious addition and the waffle was just fine. Nothing special. My bestie had the smoked salmon Benedict and enjoyed every morsel. The margarita tho  that was the thing that did it. Of course the service was excellent. Tons of room upstairs, not a busy brunch at all. Iyana was great, always there when needed but not hovering and friendly. Smiling. Would I return? Eh. I wouldn't run or make reservations but if folks were going, sure, I go too. And ask for chicken fried hard!
Enjoyed an excellent Sunday Brunch with my brother visiting from out of town.  The service was great, and while we had to wait a bit for a seat it was really only about ten minutes.  Coffee and tea were served promptly, and our food orders - a delicious Cuban sandwich with a generous salad for me, nicely done pancakes with blueberry sauce for Linda, and a Ranchero Waffle - complete with refried beans and salsa - for my brother.  We ended up with a chocolate croissant, balaklava, ane burekka (kind of a savory turnover) that were all delicious.  It is in my neighborhood so we will be back soon!
So good. Excellent service and great outdoor socially distanced area. I would highly recommend the tuna tartare if you're into fish, it's probably some of the best that I've ever had. Overall, everything is pretty good, whether hummus, fish, chicken, etc. They also have a solid happy hour that is 5-7pm and knocks off $2 from draft beer.
The food was good, but we were seated outside, and it was so cold outside, that the food quickly got cold, so it made for not such a great experience. I was surprised that a restaurant has outside seating but no provisions for the climate. That's unusual. many places have outdoor heaters and the like for when it gets cold. I ate here back in September and it was a nice warm day and the experience was wonderful.
Baba Ganouj was okay. Would recommend ordering two- it's a small order. We also ordered olives, and that was great. Hard to mess up olives, though. 

Kefta wrap had neither tahini nor pickles, even though the menu listed them in the description. It was okay, but very bland. I grew up with kefta- it's hard to have bland kefta. Hopefully the tahini is the difference maker when it's actually present in the wrap.

The mussels... the mussels were not cleaned AT ALL. So much grit in them, seemed like some of them even still had the beards? Really ruined the dish, as the white wine sauce was delicious and garlicky. Very disappointed, but I guess that's my fault for ordering mussels in University City? Still...

The fries, however, were pretty good!

Cocktails were refreshing and varied. Forget the name of it, but the one with gin and rose petals was great.

Service was fine. I think the server was busy so our host pretty much handled our orders. Food came out quickly.

Beautiful patio space for outdoor seating and just a nice area overall. It's a shame that the food really wasn't good. Might just stick to small plates/appetizers for the table next time- if there is a next time.
After two visits to Renata's, it is safe to say this is a great kitchen!  Food was just awesome.
If you're hungry and not rich, don't come here. Ordered a Cubano sandwich with scrambled eggs and roasted potatoes. Got about 1 eggs worth of scrambled eggs, the equivalent of 2 small roasted potatoes (6 halves), and half a sandwich. Maybe they should advertise this dish as a sampler. The person a came with ordered an omelette with roasted potatoes, got the same treatment. Was it good, it wasn't bad. Definitely not worth the $16-17 price.
Fantastic experience in the new home for this West Philly standard. The food has always been great but now there's some elbow room, too!
Renata's Kitchen is the only place I'll get chicken & waffles because theirs is a GAME! CHANGER! My first time here, I got my usual eggs benny but everyone else got chicken & waffles and, after stealing one bite, I knew why. Usually that dish is a dry ordeal, but here, the chicken is juicy and tender, fried but not too hard, and the waffles are sweet through with pearl (?) sugar. I still think about it and can't wait to come back. Service is great and patio seating is available for dining in covid times.
Be aware of the "once it hits the table, you are stuck with it" policy. I ordered the shakshuka Merguez and got no merguez. I tried to send it back and order something else, but they could only give me what I initially ordered and what it was supposed to be. I'm just visiting so no worries of me coming back.
