This place has the best BBQ food in this area. The baby back ribs, and BBQ chicken are the best. The meat literally falls off the bone and tantalizes your taste buds. The last time I ordered from here, we called ahead and placed about 6 different orders and surprisingly the employee was fine with us placing so many different ones and there was no confusion as of whose was whose at pick up time. We opted to take out because although they have seating, there's not very many seats and its small inside. 

We ordered 3 bbq chicken meals with french fries and baked beans, and 1 baby back ribs combo and 2 chicken and ribs combo meals. The food boxes were so heavy and you can smell the aromas while taking the boxes to the car. Our mouths were watering as we drove about 20 minutes home to finally enjoy our meals. 

Everyone was chomping down on their meals and were raving about how tasty they were. I had the ribs and chicken combo and the meat tasted so fresh, the bbq sauce on top was so flavorful as well. I had a side of cole slaw and onion rings which were so tasty as well. 

Ive also had their bbq chicken wings in the past and they are also prob the best Ive had in Philadelphia with lots of meat and they filled you up.
4/2/2018 9:41pm I called to ask if I could still place an order seeing that on Yelp they are closing in 21 mins. Still wanting to test my luck, since the reviews are so great. BUT EXCUSE ME, the lady who answer the phone cut me off and said, "we stopped taking orders." I paused a good 10 seconds being taken aback by her rude manner. Lost for words, "okay" was all I could utter. The phone was quickly hung up without another word. SO WHY ANSWER???? I'm so disappointed, really want to try this place. Don't think I'll be trying here, EVER.
Listen and listen good.  The best most flavorful wings ever.  The blue cheese is perfect with the right clump and chunkiness.

Go have wings
I'm here to support the review I wrote on my husband's Yelp account. 'Cause I'm petty like that mhmm. I really wish this will get the manager/owner's attention. I understand it's a restaurant, I understand it's late, I understand everyone wants to go home because it's 19 mins to closing time. But I can't understand how it's okay to be nasty. I was just calling to ask if I could place an order, if not it's ok too. Just don't yell at a customer and then proceed to hang up. If you could do something about your rude waitress and improve on the service, I'd love to give you guys a try. If the one at the phone is disrespectful, I wouldn't expect the ones at the table to be any better.
It isn't usually my style to comment on ambiance but the lighting in here must be the outcome of a bet or an inside joke on the part of the management.  I have never been fed in a darker place since that time I was kidnapped and tortured by Roland Emmerich, who forced me to watch all of his awful disaster movies in his basement before I chewed through my restraints and escaped...but that's a story for another time.  

I'm serious.  They need to work on their lighting.  While we ate, a father came in with his two kids, sat down, exclaimed "man it is dark in here!" and left before ordering.  I'm sure he was concerned that the darkness would consume a child if he stayed for too long....just like it always does.

anyhow, the food-

Rib Rack is good. The baked beans are OK but nothing to write home about.  The wings were unsatisfactory when compared to the current king of Philly hot wings(Moriarty's).  I was pleased with my meal, but underwhelmed in the face of the many 5-star reviews I read here on yelp.  

The Ribs are very good but they are not the best in Philadelphia(in my opinion).  I really appreciate the hot sauce they give you on the side so that you can give the ribs a little more kick.  They are devoid of fatty chunks and the meat slides off the bone easily.

I am giving Rib Rack a 3 star review because their wings and baked beans kinda dragged things down.  I've been methodically trying Philly BBQ places in search for the best and I don't think Rib Rack lived up to the hype.  Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't mind going here again.  I just wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Everything I got from here was fantastic. Wings, bbq chicken sandwich, stuffing, mashed potatoes, the beans, I also tried someone else's ribs and they were awesome as well. 

The wings were the perfect crispiness with the perfect amount of sauce, the blue cheese dressing was even great, 

The sandwiches were large and the buns were even larger. 

The sides were all plentiful and delicious. 

It's nothing fancy but that's its appeal. You should go for the food, solely, not the ambiance.
What's there to say that hasn't been said?

Baby-back ribs are done well, nice level of moistness and enough crisp from the grill to give it that charred, smokey flavor on the surface. Meat comes right off the bone, and the bbq sauce is pretty good. The wings are standard fare [which is to say, excellent], the steak fries were thick and crispy, the 'slaw was made with a bit too much mayo, and the mashed potatoes were nothing to write home about.

Got the dinner plate of ribs, came with a sizable portion with sides that proved to be a good amount for two people to leave abundantly full. The wings made it uncomfortably so, but that's the price you pay to be a fatass, I'm afraid. It's a mistake I make early and often.

Disappointed about how "bright it" was in there. They must have turned the lights up, because it's nowhere near as dark as the reviews make it out to be :D
The food here is solid but not really outstanding.  The ribs are tender and flavorful, but the wings are no match for Spring Street in Princeton or Moriarty's, although they were more than edible, especially when paired with the house made blue cheese.  The  sweet potato side was a nice, healthier option, which I definitely liked, and the coleslaw had a good balance of tartness, sweetness, and creaminess, complete with a nice crunch.  Overall, it's a solid 3 for food quality.  Ambiance could use some work (and maybe light) but that's a very trivial component.
My first instinct when I walked into the the dim lit, dark wood wall paneled dining area was to turn around walk back out into the sunlight.  I'm glad I didn't.  Once my eyes got used to the light level, I really enjoyed the experience.  

The BBQ chicken is so OMG-I've-died-and-gone-to-heaven good that it made everything else (Buffalo wings, Baby back ribs, french fries) feel like a waste of stomach space.  But everything else was exceptionally good and can hold their own.  Next time, I'll go straight for the chicken.

The waitress was so pleasant, helpful and the attentive w/out being annoying - just added to the whole experience.

The Rib Rack is the type of dining experience I love discovering: 'hole in the wall', neighborhood digs only locals know that serve mouth-wateringly delicious food.  I am ashamed to say that I've driven by the Rib Rack for decades and the first time I went in was a couple weeks ago.  That's decades worth of fine food that I've denied myself.  I'll just have to play catch-up now!
Has to be the worst service in any restaurant in Philly. We ordered food to go over to a friend's home and when we arrived found they never put someone's meal in the bag, called back and we're told we will put it on your phone number and give it to your for free next time. Tonight we ordered again and started off by saying we were offered a free meal last time and they agreed,  we'll when I got home tonight, guess what no free meal so once again I'm short a meal. Place is a total joke
Wow, my first trip back here after a couple years ... The food was incredible. Each and every item was 5 star..  My wife and I stopped in to grab dinner to go,she got 1/2 BBQ chicken w/ sweet potato & corn muffin. I went for the boneless BBQ chicken w/ steak fries and stuffing on the side. The portions are huge. The BBQ sauce is sweet, tangy and flavorful. The chicken was moist and tender,stuffing was probably the best stuffing I've ever had(sorry mom) it was just too damn good ... And what's up wit that gravy that goes on top of it ?? That is over the top... I mean stuffing and gravy ..  That's genius. The Corn muffins were not the best I ever had but damn close and the baked sweet potato (brown sugar included), which I usually don't mess with, I tried it and loved it. It's been a while since we've eaten somewhere where each and every item was good. Rib Rack knocked it outta the park. It was the best $30 we've spent for dinner in a long time!
I will NEVER visit this place again. My family and I just got take out, we received 2 rotten potatoes and the ribs had a black hair in it. We called the restaurant and they refused to do anything unless we drove all the way back. We had thrown the food out because it was disgusting and we do not live close. The owner and manager were a disgrace, very rude and not customer service oriented.
Extremely poor customer service and this was my experience on a take-out order so based on that I would not dine in. I walk in and there are three people behind the counter, none of whom opened their mouth to say hello. Not even after they ceased their conversation. And one was obviously the manager while the other two were young girls, so I don't expect to much from them.

As I stood in front of the counter I had to ask if someone would take my order. Then had to ask for it when it was done. 

Now finally onto a review of food! Lol..
So I got the half baby back ribs/half chicken platter with fries & coleslaw. It also came with cornbread. The cornbread is a dead ringer for ShopRite corn muffins. Not great, not bad but nothing special.

The best thing....the chicken! It had a great smoky flavor. The ribs were tough. The fries were plain, but that's how I like them and the coleslaw was blah.

I wouldn't take the drive to go here, and would maybe dine in if someone else was paying..lol
{ATTENTION WING EATERS} I dont go there to eat in so this isn't a snooty post about the "ambiance" or lighting. Its mostly a take out BBQ joint people!! If you go in there expecting cloth napkins and fine dining your expectations will cloud your judgement right from the start. And if you are a snooty, uppity Gorden Ramsey wannabe then this place isn't for you. I've been going to the rib rack for the better part of 20 years now and they have the best wings that I have ever had anywhere in the country. (disclaimer: i've done alot of traveling and try wings everywhere because they are my favorite but I've never been to buffalo) The wings are cooked perfect every time the sauce is phenominal and the blue cheese is the best you'll find.
Was looking for a place that had good ribs for my father in law 
Rib rack was a little distance from my house but proved to be worth the drive 
The rack of ribs was simply delicious 
Caesar salad with grilled chicken was amazing
When my soon to be mother in law suggested this place for dinner during one of our visits back home. I was like uhhh- seriously? 

But dang- what' a plesant surprise! 

Location- it's looks rough from the outside- but you just have to just open that door and walk in.. and see what they have to offer.

Their Baby Back Ribs! Holy cow! It was so delicious! I had their wings- absolutely yumminess!  Their servings are healthy and just awesome!  They have their "special" sauce LOL ... and my soon to be mother in law love it!  She loves the corn bread too! 

The ONLY ONLY ONLY reason why I didn't give them 5 stars would be because of the lighting there. The darkness there made me feel very comfortable... I hated the plants thats just right above my head.. I was fearing that something will just drop into my food or my head from the plants (but it didnt) ... and the seats were a bit small.... i am a tiny girl, and I was sharing the booth with my fiancee... and I had to keep asking me to move over LOL! Whoopsy! LOL!
I am going to keep this short and sweet, The Rib Rack has the best ribs in Philly!  I recently visited Sweet Lucys and there is no comparison! If you want good ribs go to The Rib Rack!
I love this place! It's a very calm & nice atmosphere! The first waitress we had I did not like the service she provided, but that doesn't mean that it makes the place a BAD ONE! The waitress we had today was awesome she knew when we needed refills (WHICH IS A + in my BOOK) When your waitress has a positive attitude & if you are dining with kids & she or she interacts with the the kids is always a PLUS! The place is a bit tight as seating wise but I mean it not HORRIBLE! The pricing for the food is AFFORDABLE! The food is FRESH & DELICIOUS!! The wait time for the food is great, normal timing!! & I love that they serve all they're food with a side of WATERMELON (YUMMMMYYYYYYYY)
The only reason for the second star is the onion rings, partially for the wings and the awesome corn bread.

In this seriously stressing Covid insanity, it does pain me to leave a bad review but this was so bad that I feel warrants it if for nothing else than to let restaurant know that they simply can not serve sub par food. Just because. You'd think they would try ever harder! Not in this case.

We ordered baby back ribs, wings and onion rings. No stars are for the ribs, one star is for the wings and the second star is specifically for the onions rings.

The ribs had so, so much artificial smoke flavor and were so dried out and tough that they were inedible. Period. There is not one good or redeeming thing I can say about them. Awful and terrible and they ended up in the trash. If we hadn't been in the middle of a pandemic I would have been in the car and dumping them on the store's counter demanding a refund!

The wings were still pretty good but as I remember, they used to be swimming in that wonderful sauce and these weren't. Also, we were given 1 very tiny sauce container of blue cheese for 15 wings! 

The bright spot was the simply amazing sweet but not too sweet corn bread and crispy onion rings. 

I lived in Florida for a very long time but couldn't wait to get to Philly to visit and go to Rib Rack. Now it'll be a long time until I go back.

Please, please Rib Rack FIX IT!
Never disappointed their juicy chicken breast and ribs always on point.The steak is great too. I always get teriyaki on everything. Pricey but worth it. I hope one day they have Mac and cheese.
Place sucks. Place was good 15-20 years ago but sucks now. Food sucks. Ribs are fatty and over cooked. Steaks are sub-par. Wings are puny and have no flavor. Service sucks both eat in and take-out. Decor and lighting are terrible. Place was a destination 20 years ago. Now not so much. Just close the doors and be done with it. Stop embarrassing the reputation you once had.  Shame
I have fondly renamed this place the Meat Cave due to the cavernous, dark interior and the abundance of meat.  The ribs were amazing.  Even my northeast Philly hatin' boyfriend said they were the best he's had in this city.

Loved the wings.  The mashed potatoes I got as my side were pretty forgettable, but I tried the stuffing and found myself wishing my mom would buy it for Thanksgiving!  Also, the corn muffins were out of this world.  

Rib Rack, you'd get one more star if you bought light bulbs brighter than 10 watt, but then I'd have to change your nickname from Meat Cave to something less likely to be confused with a south Jersey strip club.
I have been coming to the Rib Rack off and on for like 25 years. Everybody here is claiming how dark it is - my wife and I love it! Who wants to look across the table and see half a jar of rib sauce on somebody's face? Last time we went was yesterday for my birthday. All of the food was delicious! We got the wings which were a little overdone but not enough to hinder their deliciousness. I got the Dinner Rack of Beef Ribs and I was full and smelling my hands from the BBQ for the rest of the night. My wife got a Chicken Caesar salad which also was delicious. 
The only reason this doesn't get five stars is because they make 0 substitutions and the service was a little inattentive. I actually didn't want to order an entire order of wings with the meal - shear gluttony. When I asked if I could replace the chicken of the ribs and chicken platter with wings, I was quickly rebuked. So quickly that it was obvious that I wasn't the first, fifth or even tenth person who had asked that. Perhaps that means something Rib Rack! 
Also, not really an extensive bar menu. If you don't want Wine or Beer, you are screwed. The waitress wasn't really into explaining the Wine list either, which is weird because you would think she would want to add more alcohol to the check. 
In any event, Rib Rack still gets 4 stars due to the quality of the food.
I have to profess my love of BBQ Ribs, and the Rib Rack as one of my favorite local restaurants.

We had never been here before, but word-of-mouth for this place is pretty strong - more than one person has recommended  I go here.

So I did! Great Ribs! I think what they save on Decor is the extra love they put into the food. I was very happy with the whole experience... Good food, friendly service, and sticky fingers! Also a huge fan of cole slaw, which came with the meal.

I'll be back here soon for sure.
The opinions of Yelpers vary far and wide on a great range of topics, as they should. However, based on what I've seen in a ton of comments and lists most seem to agree on one thing: Northeast Philadelphia is devoid of decent dining (...among other things).

Enter Rib Rack - one of the few exceptions to this rule. 

You will leave here puzzled how you could have just had the meal you did from this dark pit of a converted row home. (Just because you found good food, don't expect ambiance. It is Northeast Philly, after all. Quit while you're ahead) 

When you do things with effort & attention, they are done better. A lesson to be learned from the fine proprietors of Rib Rack. It's clear that those are the keys to their success. They found a formula for their menu, it's proven to work, they stick to it and do it well. 

There is nothing bad on their menu. It's not that extensive of a menu, mind you, they cover all the main items you would expect: Chicken, stuffing, cornbread, wings, ribs (all varieties), etc....all great. One particular menu item worth noting is the salmon caesar salad. It's awesome. 

As long as you can see your fork, your food, your beer and the way out - who cares how dark the dining room is anyway? If it's that much of a problem just get take out. The crew manning the front of house are very professional and efficient. They have their act together....and the crowd gathered waiting for food is testament to that.
This is my favorite wing place in the NE. The wings are always delicious and there sauce is super tasty. They have huge racks of ribs that are cooked to perfection and  the meat falls off the bones. The service is always on spot. And you can  order ahead and they have a great pick up service. I pick up wings on my way home and they are always on time. Do yourself a favor and try this great place
Very good eats! I love the food served here, it was delicious!

I came with a group of 4 and we were quickly seated on a Friday evening, which is good. We got ribs, burgers, fries, chicken, more ribs... I liked it all. Portions were very generous too. Included with all of our meals was a slice of watermelon...that's cool.

The outside appearance of this restaurant always kept me away but I wish that hadn't been the case since the service and food was spectacular. I look forward to coming back. 

P.S... did anyone else think it was kinda dark inside? I thought their lighting was a bit too dim lol
A year to the day of our first visit to Rib Rack we were invited by friends to join them for dinner there. Immediately I was like ughhh due to our first experience. However I have to swallow my pride and say I'm actually glad we gave them a second try. 

The improvements we noticed since last year are huge. They added (or replaced with brighter) lighting along the outside wall so you can see the menu. There were a lot of staff tending to the dining room (4-5 and it's not a big place) so someone was always asking to take away finished dishes and our waitress was great, very attentive. This is night and day compared to our last visit. 

Both couples got the he-man ribs and shared. Ribs are served with one side, one cornbread and a small slice of watermelon which was surprisingly sweet even though it's the off season. The ribs this time were fall off the bone and delicious, definitely not overcooked and dry this time. The BBQ sauce is amazing, definitely one of my all-time favorites. To me it tastes like sweet baby ray's but with a kick. 

Our dinner came out to about $50 per couple including tip and it was delicious. Price is really good for two diners eating ribs! They definitely won our business back. 

They have a small beer and wine selection, unsweet iced tea and Pepsi products to choose from for drinks.

I'd still like to see brighter lighting in the entire dining area and a makeover/renovation of the dining area. The booths were fine for two people last time but seating 4 people in their four top booths was very tight. We were bumping elbows all night and for all the dishes involved with ribs and such there really isn't enough room on the table. 

Would like to see the owner reinvest in his business and completely redo the dining area. The brick wall is a keeper but the rest (booths, lighting etc) is very outdated and uncomfortable. 

Fix these things and you have a five star establishment in their dining category.
Place sucks anymore the lady who answered the phone was ignorant an the ribs were over cooked with Barely any meat
We normally eat in but this time we took out three orders of the baby back ribs ($67 for 3 racks and extra sauce). There is a charge for extra sauce so just order them extra wet. The ribs were tender and delicious, you will lick your fingers. The corn muffins are perfection. The fries are steak fires, large and great for dipping into the bbq sauce, I did not really enjoy the cole slaw but the baked beans are good and sweet. We usually eat in but we were driving through the area. If you eat in you need to remember it has been there for a very long time, the interior has not been updated in many years and is very dark inside but well worth the food. Not many places have baby back ribs, Rib It closed down and Famous Dave's does not serve baby backs except for the one located outside of Atlantic City. So if yu want finger licking good baby back ribs this is the place for you.
I understand why this place is a neighborhood favorite. They serve comfort food, portions are large, and the serve beer & wine. We were told on several occasions by several people that the wings are great but honestly they are nothing amazing with generic sauces. The BBQ chicken and ribs were just ok, the sauce was had a nice tangy & not to sweet flavor but the meat itself was just ok or on the dry side. Also the lighting in the place is ridiculously low. I mean I've been in speakeasy bars with brighter lights. So since it is not in our immediate area I doubt we will go out of our way to venture back.
Wel, I've only ever done take out, but YUM.  The blue cheese burger was delish.  Fat and juicy with fresh toppings and a soft bun.  Cole slaw, well, toss some blue cheese in that and it's heaven on a plate.

My partner in crime got the full rack of ribs.  HUGE and very good.  not homemade, but really good.  I'd come back for sure!!!
Love this place. Food is great there. The wings are amazing and I highly recommend them. The service is great too but it is really dark inside. Maybe a couple of lights would help with the atmosphere. Even tho the setting inside is weird and non lit, I really enjoy it here.
Had dinner tonight Friday 2/23/18 - food was delicious but the waitress was miserable and no eye contact when taking our order - had to ask fwo times for more napkins and refill soda !!! blond hair - worked there for some time from us eating there but tonight she was nasty !!! don't like your job - go look for another one and don't work with the public !!! she wasn't even worth the 25$ tip my daughter left her - table of four adults and three children !!!
Hands down, the best BBQ food in Philadelphia. I've been going here. For years and it never disappoints. That's with just about anything on the menu as well. 

By far, the best baby back ribs you'll ever have in your life. I'm serious. I've had ribs all over the country, down south and in many different states and these baby back ribs are by far the best. The meat practically falls right off the bone, is smoked to perfection and topped off with incredibly tasty bbq sauce. The downside, is cost. These ribs will set you back. One of those instances where you pay a premium for the best. Not an every week food option due to the highs prices, but the food is so good and consistent, it's worth it. 

The wings are also amazing. Definitely try those as well. But definitely the baby back ribs. You can thank me later.
This rating suffers not from quality of food, but of peculiarity of experience.  It is sad too because I thought the food was FANTASTIC.  I really mean it.  I had the cowboy steak, now normally I wouldn't eat a steak with bbq sauce, but this place does it up right.  

I also enjoyed the ribs, fires, and cornbread...yee-haw!


However, there were two strange events that occurred in the restaurant that made the experience, slightly unpleasant and uncomfortable.

My sister ordered a salad and asked, "You don't have any parmesan cheese, do you?"

The waitress replied, "no. we don't sorry."

This struck me as odd.

My Cesar salad came out with freshly grated, or what appeared to be freshly grated parmesan cheese.

So I said, "Excuse me?  What kind of cheese is this?"

She replied, "Cesar Cheese."

There is no such cheese.  But I went with it.

"Ok, can she have some of that on the side for her salad as well."

The waitress obliged.

Very peculiar.  I'm not sure if she was being rude, funny, or what?  Either way, there's an issue there.

A few moments later my mother was punched by a young boy sitting in the booth next to her.  The father yelled at the boy and said nothing to my mother.  It was very odd.

So basically the food is great, but the whole dining part is a little whack.  I recommend take-out, but if you're on your own, I imagine it's a much smoother experience.
I guess this is what happens when there's no competition in this immediate area for good BBQ or good restaurants in general, for that matter.If there where this place would have been closed many years ago as it should be now.We decided to order take out based on the reviews,my wife had to talk me in to it.I have lived in the neighborhood all my life,I love BBQ and I think I have been here once and now I remember why.

We ordered ribs of course,I the beef,she the baby backs.The person that took our order explained that the beef ribs were small but that the meat was a much better quality.Well,lets just say that was a huge understatement,they had literally one bite of meat on each of the 7 ribs,20 bucks,it only covered 1-1/2" of the rib in the center.Complete ripoff,they should not be selling these ribs,I don't care how much warning you give,maybe they only sell these to take out customers, because any one who is sitting in to eat would laugh and immediately send these back.On top of the anorexic amount of meat they were not good,not sure if they are even smoking their meat.Baby backs were normal size but they were very skinny,dried out,lacking meat and flavor as well,baked beans were from a can,coleslaw from a jar,corn muffin dry tasteless,but the onion rings were good, well cold but could have been good.

The reviews don't really tell the true story some how,maybe we have just come to except mediocre food in this area,maybe some of the reviewers are connected to the place somehow, maybe these problems are recent issues.In any case there is no way this place should still be open.Next time my wife will listen to me a little better, she must have missed Robert W's 0 star review, and next time we'll be going back to Sweet Lucy's if we want take out BBQ.
Really delicious food. Large portions. Very fair prices. Very good service. Super clean. Fantastic wings! Get the wings. Ribs are great too. Love the vinaigrette salad dressing. Can't go wrong here in this casual classic.
So I heard a lot about this eatery so I placed an order,  I spent a lot of my hard earned emergency fund quarantine money. The order taker asked me to provide exact change or close to it. I risk life and limb to go to a store that didn't require masks to obtain the change. I picked up my order but I was owed 64 cents. The girl at the door rushed me, gave me a dirty look when I asked for my change and tried to serve the guy behind me, when she eventually gave me my change, she snarled, "next time bring exact change" I mean wtf?? I'm doing her the favor by ordering from the restaurant, not the other way around!!!!!! The beans tasted like ass but the ribs were good. Don't know if I'm going there again if I'm just going to be mistreated.
Went to the restaurant and the service was horrible. We had to ask for a spoon to eat the beans and more napkins. The waitress never came back with the spoon.

The muffins was so hard the bread crumbles apart when I tried to put some butter on it.


This was my first time there and it was not a good experience.
One of my fav spots in town. The wings are some of the best in the city, the grilled ckn salad is great and the baby back ribs are spot on.  

I had originally posted hours from 3:30-10, but it's open from 2pm on weekends and at 12:30 for eagles games.
I've been going to Rib Rack for years.  Unfortunately, it is about 20 minutes from my house so I usually only visit when I am in the area-which isn't too often. They are known for their ribs but I am a huge fan of their four piece BBQ chicken platter.  The chicken platter comes with (again) 4 mixed pieces of chicken, corn bread, cole slaw and your choice of side which for me is usually mashed potatoes.  You get all of this for around $10 bucks!

Parking can be difficult if you want to eat in but I usually opt for carry out.  It's eerily dark inside and I like to see what I am eating :)
We LOVE LOVE LOVE their baby back ribs & wings. I actually won't eat ribs anywhere else but here. The cornbread & coleslaw is also rally tasty. I'm not a huge fan of the atmosphere. I like dim lighting but it's so dim in there that I feel like I have to strain my eyes to see the menu & what I'm eating. Other than that the food is great.
The food here is consistantly good but nothing outstanding and maybe even a bit overpriced. Definitely recommend the wings! The seating and service are prompt and the portion are a good size. Decor needs an update because tables and chair are pretty beat up.
Dark, so dark that I think that it is to hide bugs crawling around. Best item is onion loaf, rib sauce tastes like jar sauce from save alot. Wish I could love this place but no way...and it's expensive! No thanks!
After reading a few reviews mentioning the "best wings in the city" I started thinking about all the places I need to try(now along with cheesesteaks...Steve's is across the street) because apparently there are a ton of the best out there.  Growing up in the NE I lived on these wings almost weekly and got a chance to indulge recently one late night after returning home from a night out.  My dad got 100 wings for a family party the next day and in my drunken stupor I managed to put a rather large dent in that 100 and I could not stop eating!  This wings are amazing but I will be the first one to mention the STUFFING.  This is the craziest, largest, most amazing, better than yo mama's stuffing you have ever had with enough gravy to clog all three branches of your aortic arch.  
It's funny, I have never eaten in and remember as a kid looking through the dark dining area wondering if anyone actually ate there instead of bringing it home.  Oh well, go try the stuffing!
Got take out here about  two weeks ago. When I went to pick it up the girl that helped me at the front desk was rude and made me feel like I had done something wrong by asking for my food. When I got home and started eating it was good I wasn't crazy about the sauce but other than that not too bad. I gave it two stars because of the rude behavior and I wasn't blown away by the food. Had I got good service it would've been at least a four star rating but I'm not paying 50 dollars for takeout to be treated poorly.
Best corn bread.  One of the best spots for wings. Nice charred flavor to their ribs (normally I like a lot of bbq sauce on my ribs but because of the charred flavor, it holds it own).  And can't forget their steak fries with whiz.  I haven't had much of their other items there because their wings, ribs, corn bread and steak fries are my favorites.  Probably my favorite restaurant in Philly. Some people will complain because it is pretty dark in there but to me they are being overly dramatic.  It is darker than 99% of the restaurants you will ever see but you can read the menu and it adds a relaxing ambiance to the restaurant.
People complain about the lighting, I think it's perfect for a steak/rib house. I always have trouble deciding with their menu because everything from the burgers to the steaks to the ribs are great. The corn muffins and watermelon are a great touch. No beer on tap, but a selection of domestic bottles.
The best barbecue in the world AND sides from heaven.  Stuffing and gravy is amazing.  Baby backs are unbelievable.
Been going here since 1988. When I want wings/ribs this is where I go no where else. Will never get the dark lighting but don't care as the food is fab. Used to go once a week, but move 45 minutes away, so I trek once a month now for heaven
What can I say!? I have been eating here for 20+ years and this is the spot to go to. Whether u r in the city or in the burbs this little place on the corner of Bustleton and Tyson is a neighborhood staple. Baby back ribs are KILLER with the vinegar based bbq sauce, wow!! I don't dip my fries in ketchup instead I use a small side of the bbq sauce. Burgers are giant and juicy. Chicken is always right whether it's wings or breasts. Cornbread is done right, collard greens are right, mashed potatoes and gravy are right. Salads are huge and fresh, please bring back the Palm Beacher. The cooks are fantastic and put the right amount of char on the meats. You want medium this is what you get. You want well done you get that as well. Wait staff are all teenagers which somehow someway are ALWAYS fantastic. Not to say this is not possible from a teenager but with short attention spans and other interests in life the owner makes it work flawlessly. Never ever had junky service. Another water is on the table before you need to ask. Some folks complain about the lights being dim and this used to be the case a few years ago but not anymore. This never bothered me since the food is so good I would eat it in the dark anyway. In my opinion we are used to overly lit restaurants and stores in the first place so anything short of that seems "dim". My most favorite part of this place is that the owner seems to be there often. This may not seem like much to some but for me this level of care and tending to is what makes this place run and run right.
Best wings in the Northeast, hands down. I can't imagine a Super Bowl party without an order of them. They open earlier on game days to get your wing orders made. 

The dining area isn't much to write home about: booths and a few tables in a pretty dim room. If you have issues with the lighting, go earlier in the day and ask to be seated in the front where you can benefit from the natural light. Note that there are no TVs present so takeout is necessary if you want to enjoy the food with the game. 

Other items of note are the delicious ribs and BBQ chicken platters. You'll have enough for at least two helpings with the portions served. Definitely order the corn muffins to go with your meal which are sweet and moist.
Amazing!  I have gone to five star restaurants and don't like them as much as I love this place. I tell everyone this is my favorite restaurant. I have been going here since I was a kid and can't say enough a out the place. The food is great, the portions are huge, the prices are decent and the service is usually pretty good as well. It seems like a little dive BBQ joint in the NE from the outside. But trust me, go in and order the ribs and chicken with stuffing. You won't regret it!
Incredibly disappointed. The food isn't bad, it's just not that good, especially for the cost. I ordered take out, baby back ribs, with mashed potatoes, and it also came with a corn muffin and coleslaw. The ribs... There was very little meat on the bone, and the bbq sauce was OK. Mashed potatoes and corn muffin are exactly what you'd expect, plain but decent. The coleslaw tasted like someone dumped way too much pepper in it. Chances are I'll never eat here again, unless someone else pays.
I finally tried this joint out, after years and years of passing by and wondering if it was really as good as the signs claim.

If I told you that the ribs were the best around, the chicken was the best around, and the steak was the best around, would you think that I was just being ridiculous? Well, you should, because that's how good it all is, ridiculously good.

My date had the ribs and chicken platter, and I had the NY Strip. It was all so good, people, I can't even begin to tell you how good. Oh, and the chicken soup is definitely fresh and delicious. The corn muffins too, they're just frickin wonderful. There are a couple other BBQ joints in Northeast Philly that hold their own weight, but they're just not as good as Rib Rack. 

Simple, good food coupled with attentive service. This place will soon have a new regular. Can't wait to try the wings.
Excellent food! The ribs were juicy and fell off the bone.The steak fries and onion rings were fried perfectly.the BBQ chicken was tender and moist. The wings were dome perfectly, The wait staff were attentive and very cordial, easy parking on the street made this little gem a big hit with my family group.
Went to the Rib Rack last night for dinner. The dark lighting in the restaurant is purely for ambiance, it wasn't that hard to see in there. 

The ribs were awesome. I got the Beef Ribs, forgetting how big they are, but they were delicious!! My boyfriend got the Baby Backs that looked just as good. My eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach though - I ordered a salad before the ribs, and wasn't able to finish my dinner. I had a doggie bag with my name on it!

I would definitely go back here. Since the place was known for the ribs, that's what we got, and they were definitely worth it.
I saw a sign that said early bird special for $7.99. So I went to 7elven and came back but they didn't open tell 3:30pm and cars was lined up in front of the store. This my first time here and picking up ribs for my mom because she love them. But if you take out the ribs special is $8.99. I had two platters to go. I hope their good and if they are I will be back.
The best ribs I ever ate. Hands down.  The hot wings, stuffing, cole slaw and corn muffins are also excellent. Don't let the outside fool you, this place is clean and worth every penny.
I love the rib rack! Not the best atmosphere but the food is delicious! I wish they'd brighten the place up a bit. Makes me wonder what their hiding. But as I said before delicious food!
Everything here was great. If you are eating in, you are definitely in for an experience. I am not sure there are any lights except for in the bathroom.  One of the best bbq places in Philadelphia.
I've gone here once, and never returned. They claim to have the best ribs in Philly, but they certainly didn't taste that way. First of all, the place was so dark we could barely see each other across the table. It's a super tiny place that looks run down. It was totally dead when we went in there, and it was dinner time! I think the dark lighting was designed to hide the bad decor and horrible food. I guess if you can't see what you're eating, you can't tell how bland and dry it is...? Based on all the positive reviews on here, I feel like I should give it another try. Maybe they were just having an off night. Hmm, maybe.
Awesome place for ribs and wings! Great for eat in or take out, also good chicken, coleslaw and and cornbread!
I am 30yo and have been coming here since as far back as I can remember. I love everything on their menu. The wings are hand down the best I have ever had anywhere. Anytime I get wings elsewhere I compare them to the "The Racks" and none ever come close. The ribs are great but I advise not ordering to go if you live far. They tend to dry out. The salmon and BBQ chicken are all amazing and the chicken soup tastes just like grandmom made it. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
The Ribrack is a great place. I love it. I go as frequent as my wallet lets me. It's a pretty expensive place if you're ordering ribs, however they are worth it. Smoked crisp to perfection glazed with amazing homeade BBQ sauce. I love the cornbread, watermelon, steak fries.. You name it. The wings are actually good also. Very comparable to Chickies. They are definitley a tad too saucey for me. The sandwiches are amazing. The 2 piece combo is a sweet deal. The only thing that sucks about the rib rack is that a "Just Casear" is 8.99...Might be worth it, I just think that's a tad much for a little salad. This place is amazing.
Saw someone on my facebook post a pic of some ribs from some other bbq place and I instantly said "I need to log into yelp and write a review for rib rack"

Hands down the best ribs in Philadelphia and all the burbs.

Small and almost hidden location.  Always packed. Onion loaf, wings, and ribs are all awesome
We indulge on Rib Rack a few times a month . Wings for take-out, ribs eat-in.  I cannot eat wings or ribs ANYWHERE else without being disappointed, they're that good. Prices are great for the quality of the food!!
One word AMAZING ribs would definitely comeback. It's a hole in a wall place and dark inside but food here is great. I will try the chicken next time with the ribs too.
As I read the negative reviews I'm in disbelief. I have been going here for years and never had 1) bad service or 2) bad food. Best ribs in the city! Cornbread is amazing too! Need to open up more spots around the city! Tables could be bigger and seating could be more comfy but besides that it's amazing!
Love this place, it's been here as long as I can remember.
Good- Food is awesome
Wings are my favorite in Philly
Ribs fall off the bone 
Sides are great

Bad- it's really dark in there, like really dark
It kind of feels like they are closed or they are hiding something. 
Low lighting is good in strip clubs not restaurants

Get it TO-GO
excellent ribs.  the only issue is u have to take home.   eating there won't work since u can't c a thing. ...lol. ..seriously, they have the best ribs around,  but you'll enjoy them more if u use take out. ..at least you'll know before u bite into it what it was u just ate. ...
Haven't bought a better baby back rib in Philly
I've been coming to Rib Rack for over 20 years and this is hands down the best "bar like" food ever!  My family and friends love it just as much too!  I've never heard a negative thing ever!  The "lighting" issue is nonsense.  It is on the dark side but so what!  The reviews are for the restaurant not the lighting! I've tried everything.  From their corn bread, to their grilled chicken salads, to their dressings (honey mustard) best around, to their wings and ribs....everything is outstanding!  Traveled the world and their wings are the most addicting.  I live 90 minutes away and nothing will ever keep me away.
I've enjoyed every experience here and I always want to go back. The food is phenomenal. Their wings are the best I have ever had, and the ribs are to die for. There is not a full bar but you can order bottled beer and wine. The place is small and pretty dark. It is pricy but completely worth it. They're not open for lunch but make sure you try it out some time. You will not be disappointed.
If you're looking for good ribs, definitely did this place I'll try. Their menu is small, but they are good at what they do. The ribs are delicious fall off the bone, the BBQ sauce is amazing. They bring out fresh cornbread for you before your appetizers and / or entrees out and even that is delicious. Definitely worth a shot if you're looking for good barbecue
Went to a party in which they got the ribs and wings. Both were excellent. Ribs impressed this Yankee-turned-southern boy.
Never liked ribs until I had Rib Racks baby back ribs!!!  They are amazing!!  Fall right off the bone!!!  You can't go wrong with this place.  All their sides are delicious too!  I recommend trying the stuffing also.  Their wings and corn muffins are also great.  Can't go wrong with this place.
Perfection!!!! The BEST Baby Back Ribs and Buffalo Wings ever!!! You will go home full and happy!! Now to the food...Corn bread muffins are given to everyone with a side of butter to give it that Southern appeal. The muffins are on the dry side but that's what the butter is for and/or your beverage of choice. The muffins come with your order so I can deal with a dry corn muffin. The Buffalo Wings are AMAZING! The best you will ever eat, no doubt. I ordered mine well done for that extra crispiness needed to avoid "the sog" where you feel like you are biting into loose slimy chicken skin. Nasty! You won't experience that at Rib Rack! It's all about high quality comfort foods. You can order the wings mild, medium, or hot. I ordered mild today in an 18 denomination. The wings have a nice mild heat and break off nicely with each bite. The blue cheese dipping sauce is a bit overly blue cheesy for my liking. I found that I scooped up more pure blue cheese than sauce which is annoying when you want to marry the two. The quality of the wings are top notch. They at not overly large nor chewy. The size is perfect with just enough high quality meat per bite. Order these even if you are a casual Buffalo Wing fan as you will never look at another wing the same again after you try them from the Rib Rack. I have come here many times and I order the same thing. I can't get away from the moist and lean baby back ribs. Not overly saucy and well charred for added texture and an authentic smoky taste. The cole slaw can be ignored as it is overly mayo'd as the cabbage is swimming in the mayo juice. Not appealing! The watermelon slice can be ignored too, especially if it brushed up against the BBQ sauce from your ribs. Watermelon and BBQ sauce is not a combo worth trying. Trust me! On another positive note, the thumb fries are really good. Firm, crispy, and hot that pair well with the Baby Back Rib platter. Well worth each calorie. Anyway, this place rocks. They even offer early bird rib specials under $10. Be prepared that the restaurant is overly dark and seems dungeonesque. If you can get past the ambiance elements you will simply experience awesome quality food! You're welcome :)
Delicious ribs good service way to good give the cook a raise now !!! He makes this place what it is the food I couldn't even save some for work I ate it all
The absolute best place to go for ribs, wings, anything fried! My family and I can't get enough of this place we don't live in the area so we usually go for birthdays or occasions like that and it never disappoints! We've been coming for years and have yet to find better wings or ribs. Amazing !
Best corn beard I've ever had ... Besides my grandmas homemade corn bread. The ribs are mouth watering!
Grew up in the area and had tons of experience here. Dining in is really strange. Always has been. The lighting is so dark it makes one wonder why they keep it that way. I always get the baby back ribs. ("Dinner" rack now..."He-Man" rack in my younger days) Always really good. You get two full racks with the "Dinner" portion. Three with the "He-Man" portion. Comes with a salad and cornbread. Salad is average. Cornbread is good. Grilled chicken breast is also good. Try the stuffing as well. I wouldn't call this authentic bbq but the taste is good. (Not smoked ribs with pink ring...boiled ribs that fall off the bone) The key to their success has been the sauce. It's just awesome. Prices are high for the area and with the awful décor. Service is average. Ill be there again but if you're looking for real bbq head to Zachary's in Norristown (BEST) or Sweet Lucy's on State Road.
I usually just get the cheeseburger & fries but it's so good.  The burger is huge & they give you a mound of steak fries.  My Mom gets the ribs & always says they are the best.
Ribs and chicken were delicious, that is THE only positive thing i can say about this place. Atmosphere sucks, pretty much diner seating and so dark inside we needed to use the flashlight on our phone to read the menu and see our food. No joke. I asked the waitress why it's so dark and she said the owner thinks it's better bcuz the place is so small that being dark you won't see how cramped you are. 

Friday night and only 3 other couples eating. Closes at 10, we arrived at 9:30 and got our food quickly but they weren't discrete about the fact they were closing. Our waitress was completely inattentive bcuz she was too busy cleaning and putting up chairs on tables to even come back once to ask how our food was. We had to call her from across the restaurant to get a drink refill. Then she proceeded to spray whatever chemical they use to clean the tables all around us as we were still eating! 

The first time we saw our food without using our phones was when they turned the lights up so the employees could see to clean. 

As we were leaving my hubby used the bathroom and the floor was like greasy? As he stood at the urinal his feet were sliding apart. I don't even want to know what that was about. 

Definitely do not recommend this place for dine in. They must do all the business takeout. Good ribs, loved the BBQ sauce, but definitely will not return and we will not be a future takeout customer either knowing how little courtesy they have for their customers and the fact that the owner knows about the lighting complaints and still chooses to make you eat in the dark. If I wanted to eat my food in the dark I'd go to one of those high end restaurants where you pay for the experience. At least at a restaurant like that you wouldn't be afraid of what's really in your food.
Baby back ribs are super good, bbq sauce is amazing.  I also had the salads which are good and their hot wings are pretty decent.  Lost points bc service can get pretty slow if you dine in and the lighting situation is a joke inside.
They have the absolute BEST wings in Philly. But they also have slow service and we are always waiting when we go here...even if it's just to pick up an order we called in. The wait is usually annoying enough to make us go some other place. Go on a week night if you don't want to stand/sit around waiting.
Really good ribs, they finish them off on the grill which gives em a great taste.
They say the south is known for their BBQ, but if you really want to try some authentic barbecue then come here. 
The ribs are to die for and the tender meat easily comes off the bone clean. The sauce here is phenomenal, wish I could buy it to use in my own cooking. 
Every meal starts off with their fresh baked corn muffins. Crumbling and sweet with a crispy top, these corn muffins are half the reason to come here. 
My only negative thing about the Rib Rack is that it is dark. At least it hides the sauce on your face.

Try this place out if you don't want to drive or fly to Kanas City to get the best BBQ in the world because it's right around the the corner.
Now getting harassed on Yelp by an employee for leaving my prior review because we came in half an hour before close. If a business does not want to serve until closing time, their hours should reflect this.
Food and service were wonderful. The only complaint I have is the lighting. Strange...
My dad's favorite wings in Philadelphia, and they are pretty darn good. I am a meat lover, but I really like the grilled chicken salad here! The vinaigrette is yummy and its a huge portion ~ you can even split with a friend.  So the corn bread here is pretty good, so are the ribs.  I used to work at the one in Elkins Park that shut down and it was BYOB. So I showed up at this one over Christmas time with a big old bag of beer and learned they do sell beer at this one.  O, and they have IBC Rootbeer and other cool sodas. It is a bit dark in there (lighting).

However, not open for lunch :(   Hours are ~ 3:30 to 10ish

P.S. What a silly photo that's up there. Go out and take some more pics Yelpers! (Don't worry I'm not hatin' Eric)
This being my first review I hope to keep it painless so bare with me.  I have to say good BBQ is my vice ever since I was stationed down south so I have been on the hunt for a good BBQ place in the area and my poor wife has had to suffer along the way.  I decided to utilize yelp and I landed on the Rib Rack and off we went.  So let's start at the very beginning, parking. If you are going to eat in be forewarned there is not a parking lot and so you need to find on street parking.  Once we found parking I discovered the neighborhood isn't what it once was, it's not horrible but also not great (think very blue collar, not well kept).  Now I had read about the lighting in the restaurant and I discovered that they were not lying, very dark almost scary dark! It took us back at first and the interior is definitely dated. There was no real wait we went around 5pm on a Saturday.  Once seated our waitress was very nice and provided great service throughout the evening.  We started out with an order of hot wings which were pretty decent with a good tasting but messy buffalo sauce.  Next up was the corn muffins which were great. They had a great crust on the outside and nice and fluffy on the inside. Honestly one of the best corn muffins I have ever had.  I ordered the dinner size of Baby Backs and my wife ordered the BBQ Chicken and rib combo.  Our entrees came out rather quickly and I found they do not skimp on their sides.  The Baby Back's had a great bark on the outside and fall off the bone consistency.  The BBQ sauce was somewhat sweet and a great compliment to the ribs.  I couldn't tell you if there was a good smoke ring to the meat or not do to the lighting.  Over all the Ribs are definitely the best we have both eaten in the Philadelphia area. The BBQ chicken on my wife's plate was good and had a nice BBQ layer on the skin and the chicken was ok but a little dry. The portion was definitely larger then what you would get at any of the other local places and we both ate for $50 dollars. Over all the Rib Rack is now my go to place for BBQ. Honestly you need to go and try it you will not be disappointed.  I
I've been going here for years for great ribs but the neighbor hood has gone bad . I had an altercation with kids the last time I went. I won't take any risk for food anymore. No parking . After dark be very careful. Just go somewhere that's safe.
My mother worked here in the Eighties and i have fond memories of her bringing home food from here or us going there for lunch. Went tonght with some friends and it was such a great dinner! Had Beef ribs, mashed taters and Collards. Brought back so many memories and wvery bite was phenomenal as i remembered! My only gripe is that they no longer sell the famous Onion loaf that i loved so much.... everything was amazing and i suggest it for anyone who would be interested in a dinner to remember.
Love this place! We have been coming here for over 13 years and the food and service are always exceptional. Some people like to complain about the dark lighting of the dining area, I love the ambience I think the dim lighting just adds to everything. The steaks are always excellent, the food is always plentiful, the salads are always fresh and the atmosphere is always friendly. However the only caveat is sometimes the wine  glasses come out a little dirty. This has happened on occasion recently and is the sole reason I cannot give Rib Rack 5 stars. Once they replace that dishwasher they'll be golden!
This place used to be good place but wow has it gone done hill! The customer service is horrible. We were told our take out order was going to take 15 to 20 minutes, in actuality it was 40 minutes-without any apology.  Then when we got home there was not any fries with our rib order and the salad that was ordered without cheese due to a dietary restriction was smothered with cheese and the topper was there wasn't any blue cheese with the buffalo tenders. They obviously no longer value their customer's time or money. Good bye!
So disappointed rib rack! !! Got take out, wings and ribs. All over cooked...dry and chewy wings. I mean I had to chew and then spit it out because they were so overcooked. The ribs were dry as well. It was not cheap either. What happened??!??
The blue cheese dressing was always so creamy and delish,  his time it was watery and tasteless.  So bummed, unfortunately that is a real bad sign for a business.
Still the best classic baby back rib place in the northeast I know of. Their food is worth the minor inconvenience of there rigid ways and dark grotto like atmosphere. Their buffalo wings are made to perfection crispy hot my favorite. I hate the owners screw the servers if you tip with credit cards and in the bathroom the sink water dose not stay on unless you hold the faucet and the bathrooms are colder then a morgue in Siberia. Is it really that hard to get an order of wings and make a couple plain??? At least have a 5 order then on the god dam menus for wife's who don't like hot. All in all gotta put up with the dumb shit you great.
I don't know what happened over the past several months, but it appears the ladies that answer the phone are now totally incapable of recording an accurate order. When someone asks for no lettuce or tomato, it means no lettuce or tomato. This has happened several times over the past few months. I was a loyal customer for close to 15 years, but now I'm going to take a break from here.
