Absolutely delicious quaint BYO in Washington Squre West where the options for great Italian dishes aren't hard to find. Ristorante Aroma definitely holds its own in the neighborhood though!

We reserved the last table available last minute on a Friday night. (Highly recommend calling in advance!) We were greeted with a big smile immediately by Sherri. I enjoyed conversations about our mutual love for Capri, Italy with her. The hospitality given by her and the service by our kind, well informed professional waiter remained impeccable and warm the entire visit! The staff is awesome here! 

We started with a basket of their wonderful warm and crisp house bread served with tasty roasted red pepper spread. We couldn't get enough! 

We then moved to the truffle potatoes, which were insane!! They were perfectly fried and flavored so well. The mushroom taste was obvious, but not overpowering. The leftover sauce that remained on the plate was good for dipping that bread into long after the potatoes were gone. 

We also indulged in their gnocchi trio (lobster, pesto and pomodoro) because it was just too difficult to choose one. All were well LOVED. Soft and large hand rolled gnocchi. The sauces were all amazing! 

The table also ordered the Tortelloni Al Tartufo, which is pasta stuffed with truffle and ricotta, topped with arugula, wild mushrooms, and shaved parmigiano reggiano with a touch of cream, demiglace and truffle oil. The pasta itself was very light delicate and the interior as hearty. The Tortelloni was garnish very well. 

The pasta was authentic and tasted homemade because well, it is. And you can certainly tell. 

For dessert the kiddos went to town on a deconstructed cannoli. A fun twist on a classic. 

Meal was wonderful. Service was spectacular. Environment was lovely. 

They always have tempting daily specials and fun themed nights such as:

Italian Tapas Tuesdays
Every Tuesday 4:30 to 10:00Bring your wine; share Italian small plates. Weather permitting, dine outdoors

Nonna's Sunday Dinner
Dine Sundays 1:00 to 10:00
braciole, meatballs, short ribs, & hearty sauce
Bring a bottle of red and your appetite. 

They also give 10% your bill when you show same day theater tickets. 

There was a birthday party happening and another one being planned meticulously. Seems like a great place to host a special dinner. 

*Just a heads up, some may think the prices are high for the portion size.....it's quality not quantity here. 

I cannot wait to return after our upcoming trip to Italy and share photos with Sherri and enjoy some authentic Italian I'll be craving upon returning to the states.
"Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December..."

And then I entered this warm, cozy, storefront restaurant which quickly took my mind off of the elements outside and started a wonderful evening of tastes and textures.

I must say that service was perfect, everyone participated in making sure we were spoiled...I love to be spoiled, it's been years.  Ahhh, I digress, sorry.  The menu was explained in as much detail as you would need, but if you had questions the server (or even the owner who walked around and helped all evening) would answer with fervor.

We started by splitting an app and a pasta.  The grilled octopus was amazing, charred, tender, flavorful, atop a ceci bean puree with fennel seeds and thyme, finished with olive oil and lemon.  The flavor of the char was not overtaken by the surroundings.  It was simply delicious.  

The Caramelle we split was just perfect.  In-house made flat pasta wrapped into a knot, stuffed with not too much prosciutto and ricotta, with some pumpkin dice and a marsala wine sauce which, again, did not overwhelm the flavors of the Caramelle.

For an entree I had to have the pork shank osso bucco sitting among chestnuts and coated with a mild and not too rich demiglace.  The pork melted in your mouth and was pleasantly moist, fall-off-the-bone tender, and it did...fall off the bone that is.  My friend, who in her own right is pleasing to all of the senses  ;-) , had the Vitello Abbruzzese with delicate medallions of veal rolled around a spinach/prosciutto/mozzarella mixture.  I tasted it, twice, and it was divine.

We were treated to a little lemoncello to sip while we were tempted with the dessert offerings.  We were stuffed, but settled on a little chocolate hazelnut gelati..with two spoons of course.  It was lovely, as well as the whole dining experience.  

Yep, give it 5 stars and enjoy!
The new location of this phenomenal Italian restaurant. Fresh pasta, brick oven specialties, and so much more! The service is outstanding. Nico is fantastic as a waiter. Chef Tony brings his talents to every dish. Nothing is bad, and to make it better...BYOB!!!
Food was good and presented well. BYO. A bit pricey for what it is. Tried it and done.
The octopus appetizer was actually the best dish. Cooked well and  tender. Great accompaniments. 
Antipasti was just okay. Nothing special. 
The gnocchi was very fluffy and the tomato based cream sauce was delicious. However, there was veryyy little lobster (not enough to be mentioned as an ingredient or to justify $20).
Fettuccini Napoletana was just okay. Pretty unmemorable actually. Nice presentation, but pretty average.
Cioppino had soak-worthy tomato sauce. Decent amount of seafood.
Service was pretty good for the most part.
I have to note that halfway through the meal, my friend felt a scratchy throat (nut allergy). He hadn't brought it up when we sat down, but we did end up asking if anything had nuts. While the restaurant swore nothing had nuts, we are pretty sure the antipasti had mortadella (which has pistachios). The restaurant probably didn't think about it or didn't know (which is worse, you should definitely know what's in your food).
Overall, the food is decent, service is friendly, and atmosphere is comfortable. However, it is a tad pricey for what it is and nothing was amazing enough to go back.
Dined here last night with my husband to celebrate our 8th year wedding anniversary. What a wonderful meal and staff. The grilled octopus and lobster appetizers were delicious and our main dishes just as good! They take reservations, which is a plus being a byob! 

We loved our meals, service and the owner even made it around to ask us how everything was, such a nice gesture! 

We plan on returning soon because it was one of the best grilled octopus dish in the city! We love it when we travel to Europe and its so hard to find in  phila, but we finally did!
This new restaurant set up shop in the old Farm and the Fisherman space.  What a great addition to the neighborhood!

It serves delicious Italian food. The octopus appetizer in particular was truly exceptional: tender and delicious with a bit of char, and the nicest portion of octopus that I have had in a restaurant in Philly. It was more like what you would actually be served in Italy or Spain or Portugal. The veal was excellent, as was the salmon that my dinner companions had. All dishes that our group of four had were solid and many were outstanding - and it is a bit more inventive them the standard Italian BYOB fare

It is a comfortable and pleasant environment, small and cozy but it doesn't feel crowded or claustrophobic. The owners are welcoming and friendly make you feel like you were having dinner in their home. The wait staff was excellent.

Addendum:
I've been here 5 or 6 times now and the food and quality are consistently excellent. The prices have gone up a fair bit since they opened. In my original review I said it was a great value for the quality of the food. I'd say now that it's excellent food with commensurate prices - though no longer what I'd consider an "ordinary" nice evening out dinner and more of a special event place.
I eat here a few weeks ago and when deciding on how many stars I was trying to think if there was something that really stood out to give it five stars and I could not think of it. That being said we had a very delicious meal and the chef and waiter were very accommodating to a gluten allergy. The BYOB makes the price of dinner more manageable. There menu has. A lot of variety from meat to pasta and I can see this place being a go to spot while it stays under the radar in the Washington Square area. I order grilled octopus anywhere I go. It did not disappoint and was one of the highlights of the meal. The risotto and stuffed chicken breast were good.
So my cousin from London and his New Zealand friend visits Philly so I want to wow them with Philly food scenes.. they wanted Italian and immediately I thought if cafe aroma- great food, intimate and great prices. So we had reservations  for 5. four adults plus toddler. We were welcomed with high chair and one of the restaurant managers doted on my daughter. She got her a delicious plate of speghetti with red sauce and a baby spoon- my baby inhaled the food- afterwards got her a dessert of tiramisu cookies that can dissolve in milk- great for my baby. As for us grown ups, the food and service was impeccable. I enjoyed my meal, especially the arincini and garlic knots. They can accommodate big parties and have outdoor seating. This is my go to spot for visitors. BYOB
Found this little treasure on a walk around the Italian market district of Philly!  In time for an early dinner and they were able to
Seat a big group! Dominic the waiter= amazing! The best customer service ever!  You can't go
Wrong with the pasta and sauce (or gravy) as they call it! Garlic bread so delicious! I think we ordered everything on the menu! Old style homemade goodness!  And the Balls- the meatballs- as big as your head! So gooood!!
We decided to make our Valentine's Day reservations here, and it was an excellent choice! We were greeted and sat promptly upon arrival, and all of the staff were friendly and cheerful. The grilled calamari appetizer was excellent, as it was flavorful and tender. Our entrees also did not disappoint, the vitello esmeralda came with a very generous portion of seafood, and the gnocchi mascarpone con aragosta was incredible. Desert was also delicious; the tiramisu as well as the strawberry pocket desert were both excellent.

The food was very impressive, and our server, Angela, was also excellent. She provided great recommendations and was very pleasant and attentive. Thank you so much for a great Valentine's Day, we will be back!
Hurt a Little by Expectations

Came here as a party of three. Service was great. It's obvious servers are top notch and well trained. 

I had heard wonderful things about this place and, after reading the reviews, I decided to give this place a shot to show off my city to an out of town friend. The food was really good but if I had to pick a handful of restaurants to show off Philly as a foodie city, I don't think this would fall into that bunch. Suffice it to say, it didn't quite blow me away. 

I love the BYOB, as always, and you likely won't be disappointed if you go here and, perhaps, I went on an off night, but just taper expectations a little bit upon your visit.
I really shouldn't be leaving a review because I feel that I didn't get a real experience here. I say this because not only am I a vegetarian, but I also came here with a large party of about 12 people. Since I was not the one who planned this, I can say with confidence, that this is NOT the place to go to with a large group (unless you plan on reserving the whole restaurant). 

Only 3 vegetarian options on the whole menu, and of those options, my BF and I shared a plate of Gnocchi. It was delicious. I also love that this place is BYOB. While I will not be coming back, I would recommend to all non-vegetarians.
This is an excellent addition to the already amazing restaurant scene in Washington square west. The ambiance is great and the restaurant is nicely decorated. We came here with a group of 8 and the staff was extremely accommodating and wonderful. To start we tried to octopus which was fresh with a bit of a char and big enough to split among 3-4 people as an appetizer. As an entrée I ordered the abbacchio alla romana - which were the lamb chops. They were absolutely delicious and grilled to perfection. I got to try the veal chop and the fish special for the night and they were excellent as well. If you have a sweet tooth (like everyone at our table) definitely get the gelato - it was the perfect way to end an amazing meal. Also don't forget this place is a BYOB!!
Another trip to Aroma, and this time it was better than the last. The outdoor seating sent the evening and dinner over the top. The gnocchi is fabulous as well as the lamb chops, seafood, fettuccine, grilled octopus and calamari. The homemade desserts are off the charts. Plus...BYOB
My fiance and I have been here about 3 times for dinner now and each time was delicious. 

The Space: 9/10
Small byo but the decor is nice and welcoming,  a very intimate space so it is perfect for date night, however we have seen a couple larger parties (i.e 6-8 people) fit comfortably. It can get a little loud due to the small space but it never really bothered us.

The Food : 10/10
My fiance got one the best steaks he has had in a long time here on our first visits. He still talks about it to this day and that was over a year ago. His second visit he got the lamb and the last time we went he had the chicken. All three times he was very pleased with the meal and each time the dishes were cooked perfectly. I got the gnocchi the first time and the tortellini on my second and third visit. The only thing that I think I would have changed was a little more salt in the tortellini dish on my last visit. That is LITERALLY the only thing I would change and it was easily remedied by adding a bit of salt to taste that was in a shaker at the table. (keep in mind, I love salt and probably over salt my food). We got dessert each time we were there and they were all fantastic, we have probably tried every dessert they have by now and they are all delicious. 

The Price: 
A little pricey for the byo scene but nothing out of the ordinary. I think it is worth it for the meal
I was really excited to try this place based on the reviews unfortunately this place didn't live up to my expectations. The ambiance is nothing great. A little too modern for my taste especially for the type of restaurant it is. I would expect it to be more warm and inviting. The food is completely over priced for what they give you. The prices are more like a fine dining restaurant. I expected the food to be outstanding but I was sadly disappointed. My fiancé got the squid ink pasta dish which was so fishy he could barely eat it and I got the veal milanese which was just ok. The only thing that was really good was the service that we received. 
We were both looking forward to having another great Italian restaurant to go to but this place was a one and done.
Very cute little place for date nights. Food was absolutely delicious. Portions for apps are a little small but that's ok. It's BYOB and I love BYOB. I would definitely come back again.
Our dining experience last evening was excellent. At first when I called they were completely booked for the night, but they took my number just in case. It was our lucky evening. They called back about 45 minutes later with a cancellation. 
The space is small, but cute and cheerful. The staff was lovely. Tayler, our server, was delightful and more than helpful. She was eager and honestly answered all Our questions and checked on ingredients for us with the chef.
My son got the Osso Buco which was delicious and required only a fork to eat it it was so tender.
My salmon was moist and the sauce was very tasty.
My daughter ordered the Branzino baked in salt whisk was moist and tender and subtlety seasoned.
The tortellini with mushrooms, however, was almost tasteless and the mushrooms in the sauce were gelatinous and unappetizing. We do mot recommend this dish.
Great food and great service. I'm not sure why this place has three dollar signs -- my partner and I managed to get an appetizer and two huge main courses for less than $60! I got a special: Melt-in-your-mouth pasta in Gorgonzola sauce. My partner got the Cofanetto di Pasta alla Pugliese. It was pretty epic.
Ristorante Aroma is a pretty small restaurant in washington square west. I arrived there on a saturday evening with a group of 7. I did call ahead for reservations for the large group

The decor inside is pretty nice, and you can sense that this is an 'upscale' place given the decorations and the types of people eating there. It is overall a little bit cramped - not much room to move with servers and other patrons. While it wasn't completely full when we got there, it got filled up entirely by the time we left.

The bread came out first. It was decent. I wasn't sure what kind of bread it was, but it was that softer more crumbly bread that went with some eggplant/garlic condiment. It was a great way to start the dinner.

We also got appetizers. The first appetizer was the calamari, which was excellent ($18). Usually you expect something fried and crispy but the calamari here was not. The pieces were large, tender, and juicy, and had a great grilled taste. The olives and capers on the plate complimented the dish very well. The other dish was the caprese - it was good, but not sure that this thing should cost $17, which is the common theme to ristorante Aroma.

The pasta I got was the rossetti aroma ($26). Basically it's kind of like rolled lasagna but very crispy. It was served in a creamy orange sauce which I liked a lot. Usually these sauces can be too overpowering in terms of saltiness and buttery-ness but this sauce did not. I enjoyed the texture and ingredients inside, but felt like it was a little too "conventional" for the price. I expected a little bit more meat inside as I did not taste any of the prosciutto very much. Also, the portion size was a little small (see photos) with only 5 pieces of this pasta. I did notice the plate was extremely hot, which was a good sign. They keep the plates hot so the food remains hot as you are eating it.

Aside from my food, everyone did seem to like their food too. But the common complaint - way too little food for prices that don't justify it. Everyone in our party finished all the food with no leftovers and I think some people were still a little hungry. After tax and tip, the average cost per head was $39! Not great to spend that much and not be entirely full.

Finally the service: It was good and I have no comment about it.

Final rating: 4 Stars. Great quality italian food but price and portion size is probably too high for me to come back here again.
My first time here last night, Farm and Fisherman was one of my favorite restaurants in the city, so I was hoping for a good replacement, and got it.

Dinner was fanatastic. We were a party of 11 for my Grandmas 90th bday. The service was outstanding. The food outstanding as well. Everyone loved their dinners. The grilled octopus appetizer absolutely incredible. I had the Chilean sea bass, cooked perfectly, fantastic flavor. I tried some of my wife's pasta, delicious.

To top it off they made a tiramisu cake for my grandma. An entire cake. Best tiramisu I've ever had, not even close.

We will definitely be regulars here!
Just had an Italian experience. We ordered all lunch appetizers. All of which were delicious. Most really enjoyed the eggplant (I don't eat eggplant) and I enjoyed the buffalo mozzarella wrapped in red roasted peppers. My meal was the breaded veal. Veal was tender and juicy topped with arugula, onions and tomatoes. Very tasty dish. My other favorite was the pasta with pumpkin (sorry I cannot remember the name of the dish). My BF had the gnocchi with lobster (I'm allergic so I didn't try) everyone raved about the gnocchi which was irritating because I couldn't eat it. Lol. Had an assortment of dessert: chocolate lava cake, chocolate covered cannoli, tiramisu with liquor soaked cantaloupe, chocolate and strawberry gelato! I loved all the desserts! Can't go wrong with any of them especially the lava cake and strawberry gelato.  Please go and enjoy. Chef Tony was a pleasure to take too and will definitely treat you well. Super sweet man and makes your experience more enjoyable.
A brand new Italian BYOB in a charming setting on Pine. After an excellent dinner earlier this week, I decided to go back to treat myself to lunch as a reward for finishing up some dreaded chores. The decor was calming, the service cheery and attentive and the gnocchi were light-as-air, with an appropriately decadent lobster sauce. Already thinking about what I'll order next time
We loved our evening at Restauranto Aroma in Philly!! The dining room is beautiful and tastefully decorated. Ronnie, our waiter, was so personable! The food was excellent! Loved everything! Highly recommend the lamb chops! The risotto was also excellent. 
And best of all, it was BYOB!
A major highlight of our visit to Philadelphia, was finding Ristorante Aroma.  My husband was on his daily walk, exploring the streets of Philadelphia, when he came upon the restaurant.   Of all the restaurants on Pine Street, Ristorante Aroma caught his fancy.  Arriving back at the hotel, he promptly informed me that this was where we were eating that night.   From the moment we were seated, we were treated like returning diners, with fabulous service and attention.  Our server, Giulio, could not have been more gracious, answering all of our questions and providing great recommendations!  The food was like heaven on a fork, simply spiced and cooked to perfection.  We loved our meal so much, we returned Sunday to order Nonna's Dinner; a wonderful meatball and short rib stew over pasta!!  We will return as soon as we can get back to Philadelphia.  Delicioso!!


Dayna Garvin
Went there with some friends for dinner and was kind of disappointed by the experience. 
The good: the interior design and atmosphere.
The bad: way over priced for the quality of the food. I got the lamb chops and was excited about it since it's one my favorite food. While the cooking of was perfect, the seasoning of it was just ok. 4 pieces of ok meat is $36. 
My girlfriend got the mushroom tortellini and same thoughts: it was just ok. 
I did like the tiramisu though
This restaurant is on a quiet street about a 15 minute walk from downtown. The food and service was amazing. Delicious, fresh Italian food. It's BYOB so don't forget to stop prior to arriving. There is no corking fee and they will provide a bucket for your wine.
Great little spot.  We had great apps, fresh bread and whole fish. Terrific salads. A real good menu, not a ton on it but something for everyone. Seemed like everything was well executed. One of our party had veal. The service was excellent and the prices were fair.  BYOB.  In spite of small size, comfortable and good acoustics.
Amazing dinner for an
amazing special occasion. We closed our eyes the food the was so delicious. The service was incredible as well as the ambiance. Highly recommend!!!!! :)
Their gnocchi is awesome - so delicious! Just go. Seriously. What are you waiting for? I can't comment on anything else because I can't bring myself to order anything else. YUM! Cute place too.
Food here is to die for ! Try it you will not be disappointed. Every thing on the menu is AMAZING. The octopus and gnocchi some of my favs !
Place was a nice small spot in Philadelphia.  

Highlights:  Food was really top notch, portion sizes were a little small, value isn't that great but service was high class.  Place is also BYOB!

Came here with a group of friends.  It's a really small place (seats probably about 20-30 people maximum.  Be sure to have a reservation because it got full really quick on a Saturday for dinner.  

Brought our own wine and they placed them in coolers for us.  Also opened and poured it for us.  Waiting staff was SUPER attentive and basically never left water glasses empty and was always checking up on us.  Super happy with the service of this place.

We got the Calamari alla Griglia ($18) and the Vendure Miste ($14) to share.  Both were delicious and the portion sizes were pretty good as appetizers.  Definitely would get these again as the calamari was super fresh and was grilled nicely.

I got the Gnocchetti Sardi ($25) and had potato gnocchi, broccoli rabe and sausage.  Overall the dish was very tasty and the bite of the rabe contrasted with all the creaminess of the cheese and gnocchi.  Enjoyed this dish thoroughly.

Overall the service was excellent and I do recommend coming here again.  My only complaint was the portion size: three people got the lobster ravioli and the portions just looked a little small, especially for the price.  My portion size with the Gnocchetti was also a little small to a point where our group stopped by Wendy's afterwards.  

Thoroughly enjoyed the experience but definitely increase the portion sizes as the price here is a little bit more expensive ($5 - 10) than other places and the portion sizes are smaller.  But overall great experience.
I live in the neighborhood and was happy to see this restaurant open. Sadly, was moderately disappointed in the food. The dish's on the menu are too complicated. At a neighborhood Italian place, I like to see several specials with exciting ingredients, but also several more basic dishes that use fresh ingredients. I had the salad and the pasta special. The salad special was burrata with arugula. The cheese was good but it had cucumbers with very sweet fig jam. It ruined the dish. The gnocchi were in a very heavy Gorgonzola sauce and they were too mushy. Would like to see some more fresh pasta with red sauce on the menu.  Waiter was neutral. He seemed annoyed to serve us at the outdoor tables.
Came here for a birthday brunch and had a decent time.

No one was there but us, but we did have a big table. It's BYOB for brunch which is great! I've never been to an italian restaurant for brunch so it was a little sad not being able to have any hot sauce with eggs but i sucked it up. red pepper flakes made up for it.

i got the eggs benedict with proscuitto and it was okay! i wish there was more hollandaise sauce but the egg was cooked perfectly. i liked how the bread was toasted as well. the potatoes, i wasn't the biggest fan of. it felt like there were more shredded onions than potatoes in there. i've never had proscuitto with eggs benedict but i feel as though the consistency was a bit chewy which was different.

i don't think i'll come back for brunch but i'll definitely be back for dinner!
Plentiful delicious mussels, fresh lobster salad with red onions and olives!  Mushroom Tortellini!  And BYOB!  Excellent service!
I am probably one of the few who doesn't enjoy restaurant week..so it was a little hard trying to find a non-participating restaurant on Sunday. We happily stumbled across Aroma (BYOB) on yelp, we quickly called to see if they could fit us in. They were friendly on the phone and happy to oblige our last minute request. 

I was here back when it was farm and the fisherman and it seems as though they have now utilized the space better by taking out a few tables so you're not sitting on top of each other. 

Our waiter was friendly I unfortunately can not remember his name. He had several specials to list off and was extremely helpful with the menu. We kept asking "oh what did you just bring to that table?"...he mentioned that most of the other people dining were regulars..like once a week regulars and I quickly realized why. The food is absolutely amazing and the service is spot on.

We ended up with the calamari salad (a special), the limoncello salad, the lobster gnocchi and a special (linguine with crab and cherry tomatoes in a white wine sauce). 

The calamari salad was literally to die for. The calamari was grilled to perfection keeping it as tender as possible. Three gigantic pieces  I strongly suggest ordering this anytime it is a special!! The limoncello salad was a little eh..not bad just not special. The lobster gnocchi was by far the best lobster pasta dish I have ever had. The pasta was pillowy soft with a melt in your mouth sauce, and garnished with lobster chunks. My partners linguine was good as well, light if you're not looking for something to weigh you down. 

Unfortunately we were stuffed and couldn't even look at a dessert menu. Keep in mind the portions are huge and we had plenty of leftovers to take with!! We will definitely be back and recommend 10/10!!
Ristorante Aroma is in a nice area of Philadelphia surrounded by many other restaurants, bars and clubs.

We went on a Monday night, despite YELP & Google saying it was closed on Mondays (it seems it's only closed on Monday's between Memorial Day and Labor Day)
With that said, the restaurant wasn't very crowded when we there, serving my wife, me and another couple. 

It's not a big place, but nicely decorated and the size adds to its charm. 
Ristorante Aroma is BYOB, which is always a plus. 

My wife and I started with Caprese and Calamari appetizers. They weren't bad by any means, but not extraordinary. 

I read online about a variety of gnocchi dishes which appealed to me. They also had a Crab Fettuccine special in addition to a Veal special and Branzino special. 

I got the Lobster gnocchi ($28) which was outstanding. I was nervous about the size, but it was surprisingly filling. My wife got the Crab Fettuccine special ($28) which was equally as good. 

The entrées were nice size which left us room for some dessert. We got a Tiramisu and and an Expresso brownie with Gelato. Both were really really good. A good way to end the meal. 

We didn't get salads, but for 2 apps, 2 entrées and 2 desserts, the bill was more than reasonable. Another positive. 

Overall it was a great meal at a great price in a great location.
Fabulous meal! We started with the grilled calamari/arugula salad , outstanding! The lobster gnocchi and veal special did not disappoint! Great ambiance-we will return!
I have now been here three times for dinner. The restaurant itself is nice, small but modern decor and they manage to maximize the space. 

The first time I came here for a friend's bday with a group of 10 or so and everything was great. The lobster gnocchi was out of this world and the reason I have returned back two additional times. However, I have to say the next two times the food was good but not great. The bread served in the beginning was cold and nothing great for dipping. Two of the pasta dishes we ordered came out a bit cold. The lobster gnochhi has continued to be excellent every time, and I will go back again for this dish, just was expecting a little more.

BYO which is always a plus though!
The food was phenomenal. The service was personal.

It was a cozy, romantic evening dinning here. We came on a Saturday evening. 

I really need to recommend the COFANETTO DI PASTA ALLA PUGLIESE - read the description. Need I say more?

I do not repeat my culinary adventures often, however, I will be back here.
We went to this spot for outdoor dining during COVID.  We had the caprese salad, octopus appetizer, broccoli rabe and sausage appetizer, branzino special, truffle pasta and the espresso bar dessert.  The food was amazing, and the service was phenomenal.  We will definitely be back.
Honestly, If I could give this place more than five stars, I could. Probably one of the best Italian joints in all of Philly. For any travel buffs craving Italian food, this is the place. Would definitely recommend it.
I took my wife to Ristorante Aroma on 1/11/19 for a birthday celebration with 11 close friends. The staff was extremely accommodating to our large party, and didn't start explaining the menu or taking orders until every person in our party arrived, which I thought was very nice. 
Our waiter, Giulio (I believe that's the correct spelling, forgive me if it's not) was unbelievable. He made everyone feel comfortable, was very professional, but at the same time made everyone laugh.  
My wife and I, being Italian ourselves, we are not easily impressed with Italian restaurants, but Aroma, is surprisingly delicious! All of the dishes came out hot, and on time, we never once felt rushed between appetizers and main course. 
Thank you to ristorante Aroma for making my wife's birthday dinner a memorable one!
This place used to be delicious, but I'm not sure if there's a new chef, but I went this weekend and it was such a disappointment. The eggplant was burnt, the salad didn't taste fresh and the bread was on the stale side. I don't know if the night I went something was off, but it was definitely a huge difference from how I remember the food being.
As much as I do not want to risk making this little BYOB more difficult to get into, the owner and Chef deserve a five star review. 

This Italian restaurant is as good as any restaurant in the city. Six of us had a great meal with outstanding service. 

The Gnocchi with Shrimp was by far from he best pasta dish in recent memory. The Bronzino was as good as any I've had anywhere. Everything was truly outstanding. 

Highly recommend this place.
A great dinner and a great waitperson Autumn. This is REAL Italian food! The artichoke hearts appetizer was sensational, enough to split, in my mind.  The risotto superb, an osso buco w pork shank, and they even make their own filling for the cannoli!
The place is small and homey, BYOB, but worth the visit. Also open for lunch. Not onOpenTable but that's ok.
Came here for dinner on recent Friday night. 2 women.  Hostess showed us to nice table but the male waiter refused to let us sit there claiming he it was promised to party of 6.  Instead we were moved to a cafeteria-like table.  Shortly later a married couple was seated at our first table!  Horrible treatment. Food isn't good either. Sent back fishy calamari.  Won't go back.
Our waitress Angela was fabulous. Very attentive.  Very sweet.  The food was fabulous from the appetizers to the desserts.  Our reservation was at 6:00 pm for a table of six, and we arrived promptly and were promptly seated.  Our service was very good.  Angela explained the entrees and was very amiable and helpful.  We had appetizers, entrees and desserts.  At 7:20,we we're approached by another employee who said, "I'm so sorry, but the next party has arrived."   Next our waitress came up and said, "I'm so sorry, I hate to rush you but the next party has arrived."  I don't understand how you book a table for 6 for 6 pm and 7:30 and you think it's okay to rush your 6 pm table out of the restaurant.  It was my first time there and the food was fabulous and the service right up until we got the bum's rush, was fabulous.  They need to learn how to treat guests better at their restaurant.
Very very good. 
(1) excellent service. Our waiter was wonderful. 
(2) very warm and attractive atmosphere. Very cozy and warm. 
(3) slightly pricey for a BYOB but very good value. For 4 people, all of whom had three courses, it was $203 before tip. Worth every penny. 
(4) food was terrific. Two of us got the veal caprese. Both loved it. I had the pork osso bucco. Loved it. Appetizers were also excellent. I had the shrimp & broccoli rabe in a Parmesan basket. Fabulous. Desserts were also excellent. 

Why not 5 stars? Personally I reserve 5 for "over the top" perfect. I rarely give 5 stars on Yelp. So this 4 is a very very high rating. I would highly recommend Aroma. We will go back. You won't be disappointed.
If it was possible I would have rated Aroma a 4.4. 
Curious why this place has not been on Philly Magazine's Top 50. It is definitely better than many of the restaurants that make the list each year!!!
I love this place! This is my go to Italian spot in the city. The service is 5 stars, Giulio is an incredible server who is knowledgeable, attentive, and always makes dinner more enjoyable with his witticisms. I have never felt rushed here but have also never waited for my dish. Though I've tried many items on the menu and never left disappointed, I now have my favorites (app: prosciutto, meal: gnocchi marscapone, dessert: hot and cold). It's also a BYOB so you really can't beat it. I enjoy coming here for intimate meals, date nights, with friends, and have even thrown a birthday party here. They do it all and have always made sure it was an incredible experience. I can't rave about this place more. If you haven't tried this place out yet, make sure you do! It is well worth it.
I have nothing but good things to say about Ristorante Aroma! Fantastic food with wonderful service in a cute little space. BYOB too! I had the cioppino with pasta which was absolutely delicious. I'd suggest reservations since the restaurant is really tiny. It's perfect for a date or small group. I absolutely loved everything about this place.
Excellent dinner last night, tony is the best as well as well as his waitress staff! The food and service was as always terrific. Tony you have such a strong passion to make this restairant the very best in quality of food and service and your passion shows. We have dined there many times and each time is a great as the last. Tony i appreciate that you took some time while you were so busy to say hello to my wife and I.  That was very nice if you as I saw how busy you were however you made time to say hello. Thx again!

Thx
Neal rubin
Atmosphere was nice. Food was ok. My wife liked her pasta with crab. The salad she ordered (I forget the name) was rather boring- lettuce and tomato and two tiny pieces of garlic bread. I loved the grilled romaine salad minus the meat but it was pricy for a small portion. The artichoke appetizer really paled in comparison to Misi in Brooklyn and, of course, the Jewish Ghetto in Rome. The eggplant appetizer had a very tasty sauce but was a bit heavy handed on the cheese.
I was in a wedding in August and they had their rehearsal dinner here! It was the perfect spot. They shut down the restaurant for our party. We had cocktail hour outside in the little alley way next to the restaurant and the wait staff came around with apps - cheese and rice balls! Everything was delicious. 

For dinner it was like 4 courses. We had a salad and 3 different kinds of pasta, an entree, and dessert! So tasty. I loved everything.

The staff was so attentive and the service was impeccable. Very cute aesthetic. It's small and cozy. 

I recommend this spot for an event and I can't wait to come back try it for dinner!
My husband and I are a little divided on the rating, I give it a 5 star reivew, despite his entree left him a little underwhelmed. (But this is my review so i win!)The space is simple decorated, white linens, votives and fresh flowers- the tables are very close together so the noise level can potentially get a little loud. The staff are all very warm and attentive from the time you step into the restaurant.  The service was top notch and I have to say that the silverware and glassware was sparkly clean, there was not a water spot to speak of! This is a huge pet peeve of mine, so when I notice the flatware gleaming, it's a big plus in my book!

The menu did not disappoint, I normally can scan a menu and zero in on what I want immediately, tonight- I had a very hard time deciding on what to get.  We started off with the grilled octopus- it was tender and the presentation was simple yet elegant.  We then had the 

I loved the hearts of romaine salad with the limoncello dressing! A great way to clean the palate and segway into the pasta and entree courses. I opted to have the lobster gnocchi dish with the tomato cream sauce- with so many other elaborate dishes in the line up, I felt this was going to be too simple, however it was the BEST gnocchi dish I've EVER had, and I normally do not care of gnocchi as I find it gummy and too al dente. This dish was fluffy pillows of pasta filled with mascapone cheese and bite size morsels of lobster meat! It. was. heaven! The server raved about it when I ordered it which make me worried that it would overhype the dish! I was pleasantly surprised!
My DH ordered the veal chop that was dressed with an arugula salad and was a but underwhelmed, he said it was basically a fried veal chop.
Thankfully, dessert ended our evening on a high note!
Fantastic food in a really cute atmosphere, and the fact that it's BYO is a huge plus. The gnocchi were outstanding and unlike any ive ever had (they're huge). The grilled squid was also excellent. Highly recommend coming here - it's tiny and intimate so makes for a perfect date night spot!
