Food is delicious and drinks inexpensive BUT, and this is a great cause for caution, order your drinks in and your food TO GO! Me and my wife went there twice and the first time it took 1.5 hours to get our food and the second time it took a half hour for a plate of fries, which never arrived. When we told them to forget the food, they took it off our bill, which was nice. The manager seemed like a hell of a nice guy, who was trying to make a good impression. There were people eating at the car who arrived 20 minutes after us who received their food? Maybe if you are of a certain ethnicity it results in better service for eat in dining, other than a total lack of competence? I have no other explanation.
I only give this place two stars because Joe, the bar manager, is such a sweetheart. However, this place is SO FUCKING GHETTO!! I have been a regular to the place going on two years now. With that, the bartender, Chantel, is so fucking ghetto that she literally tried to fight me tonight. I brang my co-worker there for the first time because she wanted good food and a relaxing atmosphere. When Chantel proceeded to get in my face, i was so confused, i asked my co-workers if there was anything i missed and my co-worker said no. I did not do or say anything disrespectful. When i told Joe, he said "she's just drunk!" Needless to say, i will no longer be returning here. I'm not okay with working places where the bartender tried to fight the guest.

EDIT- on my way out the door, she screamed, "FUCK OUTTA HERE!!"
Casual spot to enjoy some inexpensive drinks and good seafood. First I have to say that this place is small. I mean- really small. Like 4 booths and about 10 seats at the bar. So don't walk in with a group and expect to have somewhere to sit right away. You may need to wait and enjoy a drink at the bar which is ok since the drinks have very reasonable prices. Stella Artois- only $3.50 or so. I ordered the combination of steamed shrimp and mussels in the white sauce $13. I was more than pleased with my food. My portion was huge! 12 shrimp and at least 25 mussels in my bowl. The au jus they were swimming in was loaded with garlic and succulent deliciousness :) :) :) The seafood tasted fresh and was not at all fishy. I would definitely return!
I dined at the Roxborough Seafood House on Saturday, April 13, 2019. 

I ordered Mussels as an appetizer and an 18 oz Lobster tail as my entree. The Lobster tail came with roasted red potatoes and broccoli. While eating the Mussels my date and I noticed that they were very salty, he only ate 2.  As I continued to eat them I started to get a little nauseous but I passed it off. They also were very dark and dry. I finished them for our food took so very long to come and I was hungry. 

When my food finally arrived the lobster looked so good and it became increasingly difficult to eat lobster with a plastic fork. I asked the owners daughter/relative for a silver/stainless steel fork at which she sent my server over to advise me that they didn't have any in the establishment. I've never eaten Lobster with a plastic fork neither will I ever again. It's very difficult. The lobster was a little tough to hold and cut with a plastic fork. I also had to request a knife for my meal as one was not bought out to me. I guess I was supposed to pick up the tail and bite it. While attempting to eat the roasted potatoes I couldn't get pass a strange sour taste on the potatoes. I mentioned it to my server and she took them back and had the chef to simply boil them with butter. Those were better. I don't know what that sour, bitter, almost bad taste of a sauce was. 

Anyway, once I left the facility before we could get home I had to go to the bathroom real bad. I went 5 times with diarrhea within 20 minutes. That's not it. This went on for 24 hours. Sick as a dog. Diarrhea, chills, pains in my stomach, hot flashes, gas, etc. I was so sick and today, Wednesday I'm still not myself, although the diarrhea has stopped. I told my partner that I don't ever want to eat there again. I'm scared. It was bad folks, real bad. I don't know if it was the Mussels or the rotten sauce on the potatoes but I'm leaning towards the seafood because it was bad. No one should go out to eat dinner and walk out sick. No one. So I just had to write this review because I should not have had to experience this and that's why I'm writing this review. I've eaten here once before with a favorable review. 


This time this place did not deserve even one star. I felt like I was going to die.

I'd like an apology. I tried to take away the one star but I can't. Although I know that I'll never get an apology, people Beware...
Tonight's experience was ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!  The staff is beyond unprofessional.  The bar tender cursed me out and literally followed me outside and wanted to fight because I asked the manager if the place was "usually this unprofessional ".   I've never in all my dining experiences witnessed anything as deplorable and down right GHETTO as this.  I will NEVER in my life step foot in such an unprofessional establishment again
I found this place doing a Yelp search and was pleasantly surprised to find out that it was close to home.  It was also a little confusing from the outside since there were two doors and neither is clearly marked as the entrance. However, once inside, my husband and I were greeted by a tall gentleman that gave us the option of dining area.

There are two eat-in sections: one with a bright fluorescent light cafeteria feel, and one with a neighborhood bar feel. These two sections were divided by a long hallway which provided access to the kitchen and bathroom. The bar side felt more intimate. It felt more like a restaurant to us, so although it was crowded, we decided to wait.

It was really tight in there. Not uncomfortable but a little more cozy than you might want to be with strangers...especially as you're standing pretty close to seated diners, while waiting for a table. Within 15 minutes or so, we were seated in a booth with a really nice server. We ordered two drinks, butterfly shrimp, New Zealand Mussels, fries and coleslaw.

Great: Butterfly Shrimp, Fries, Sauce and Bread served w/mussels
Good: Coleslaw, Long Island Iced Tea
Meh: New Zealand Mussels, Amaretto Sour

Those shrimp were big and perfectly seasoned. I personally like cocktail sauce and these didn't need ANY! The fries were fried and seasoned well; crisp on outside and soft on inside (you'd better not mess up fries, though...), The sauce from the mussels (aka mussel juice aka white winy, garlicky, lemony goodness) was heaven..especially when sopped up with the crusty bread! Oh my word!

The coleslaw was good/standard. The Long Island gave me a nice buzz. The reason why the mussels were meh is because they were slightly gummy, small and they didn't give you enough. However, the mussel juice made them kinda bearable. Also, the amaretto sour was incredibly tiny. Like I'm talking gone in three sips kinda tiny; but my husband also got a coke and seemed happy.

Would I go back? Definitely. 
It was clean. The environment/mood of the place was very chill. The owners, servers, and customers made it seem inviting.
I'd go back sooner if those mussels improved but the shrimp and fries were enough to do the trick.
This is my 2nd time coming here and I actually was giving it a another try! Tonight was totally a waste of money and time! My tastebuds are completely DISTORTED and I will NEVER come back! I had dunguness crab which where so BLAND!!! I also had 6 fried shrimp with what is said to be "crab fries" but it's really obay fries. They were okay and at least it was edible. 

Upon entering we was greeted with nice smiles and we could sit wherever. It was really cold inside. This time it was no one really here. The music wasn't playing but when requested the bartender grabbed her phone and played TRAP MUSIC!! 

I asked if the bartender knew how to make drinks and if  they had the ingredients to make a strawberry Long Island. She said yes .... and YUCK!! It's was NASTY. It tasted just like medicine!! 

Everyone seemed so slow omg!!! I WILL NOT RETURN AND NETHER SHOULD ANYONE!! 

Don't waste your time! A complete MESS!! Thank me later ! Oh no, I didn't  have to pay for those bland crabs!!
"OMG I want to eat the air". That was my first thought when I walked in here. I was visiting my old roommate and she insisted we come here since a) I love seafood and b) it wasn't here when I moved away in January. Man, I'm pissed that I missed this place. She loves the place too. As does her brother who says he comes here at least once a week. 

The heavy aroma of garlic grabbed when we opened the door. I love a seafood place with no frills. Don't impress me with fancy decor. Focus on the quality of your catch. This was definitely their approach. Menu is on the placemat and the beer list is pretty standard with a few fun brews mixed in (Merry Monks). We ordered dungeous (sp?) and snow crab legs, butterfly shrimp and a bucket of mussles. The heavy buttery garlic sauces that the mussels and crabs come in was delicious. And the crabs were amazing. I'm not used to crab legs that thick or having such clean and meaty top parts. I don't know what to call it - the part that's all white with meat tucked into each pocket.  Anyway it was totally clean (no goo) and tasted like buttery garlicky heaven. Every leg had a thick chunk of crab in it. Perfectly seasoned and steaming hot. Oh yeah, I don't even like mussels and these were delicious! The shrimp was as big as my fist.  Gotta love a place that gives a quality butterfly shrimp with more meat that breaking. The prices were awesome for everything we ordered. Damn I'm mad I don't live in Philly anymore!! 

Who ever rated this place poorly really should try it again on a different night. As a small business and new place, they may be still adjusting to a crazy Friday night crowd. Let them find their niche. Try it on a Thursday like we did and give it some time.  A gem like this is Roxborough deserves local fans not local haters. 

Keep up the good work, guys!
Roxborough Seafood House is a relatively new bar and restaurant in an old setting.  As a result it has that kind of lived-in look as if it has been around for decades.  Seafood is the name of the game here - either eat-in or takeaway.  What they are most famous for are their butterfly fried shrimp and rightly so.  The batter used for these generous-sized crustaceans is perfect resulting in a golden light coating.  And if you don't mind the carbs, why not accompany the shrimp with seafood fries.  They will def find a place on your taste buds.  There is a full bar at the cozy Roxborough Seafood House so you can try one of their numerous martinis or just indulge in a "hard' Twisted Tea.
You cannot beat the quality cookin', drinks and prices up in this piece! The dining and bar areas are small and rather tight--it's definitely got a this-is-my-hood + hole-in-the-wall vibe, which are definite pluses in my book. In the warmer climes, they've added a few tables and umbrellas outside, which is helpful in theory, but atmosphere-wise, you're sitting on Henry Avenue which doubles as the Indy 500 during happy/rush hour.

Anywho, I work in East Falls and this has become a go-to happy hour spot for me and my co-workers. I've hopped all around the menu and everything has been deliciously and freshly prepared with solid portion sizes. I'll start with one of my favorite starters, the clam chowder. I'm not a Northerner so all the ruckus about chowder was a bit lost on me. This one is mega creamy, rich, well-seasoned with consistent bites of real, not-chewy clams. I tend to get it every other time I go--even when it's warm. Again, I'm not a connoisseur--I'm getting there--but it's really hearty and delicious. 

The calamari is a must. It's lightly, crispily fried perfection and the spicy sweet glaze with the jalapenos takes it to a good eats level that I think you'll enjoy, hungry reader. I've enjoyed the butterfly shrimp (so cripsy and meaty!), the fish o' the day + fries combo (mega big slice of whiting!), and the one sampler for two--blanking on the name--but it had mussels, clams, steamed shrimp, crab legs, fried fish, fried shrimp, potatoes and corn on the cob. Without the crab legs it's $35 I think, but with the crab legs (and you should totally get the crab legs) it's closer to $50.

Crab legs are my most favorite thing and these are some of the best prices I've seen for a solid, delightfully seasoned helping. I lick all my fingers when I'm done. 

You'll find that this place is full of folk who are regulars. They're usually at the bar, a lot of them dine alone and make quick and easy friends with others who belly up to the bar. Everyone is wonderfully friendly.

Now for the drinks. Excellent happy hour prices. Like, $4.50 for a martini kind of prices, and they don't skimp on the liquor! They've got a rotation of bartenders who are amiable and pleasant, but if you've read other reviews by now you've probably heard about Mike--the most amazing bartender ever who is no longer tending bar at this establishment. I won't go full rave-crush on you about Mike, because he's no longer there and this review is about what is a solid 4-star awesome place, but he was pretty spectacular. So if you hear other patrons loudly mentioning his name and looking around the bar, that's why.

The staff work mega hard and they're all really kind and will give you menu recommendations when you need 'em. I think because they stay so busy (and I always go during happy hour), they're not as doting as you may want or expect. Sometimes, you have to wave and grab folks' attention, or your glass gets a little empty for a little while longer than you might like it to, but again, they're a hardworking bunch and when you ask them you'll definitely get what you need--you just might have to flag them down every once in awhile. 

Other than that, this remains one of my favorite places to grub, sit, chill and sip.
My friend and I had an early dinner here today after a 2 hour member's only walking tour of Laurel Hill Cemetery. I have nothing to add about the wonderful food and good, stiff drinks but wanted to give a mighty BRAVA! to our friendly and sweet server, Kasey. She had just gone on shift when we came in and she treated us with extreme, unfeigned friendliness, kindness and consideration. Fantastic service and care-Kasey really likes people and what she does. My friend and I are both old gay folks and often get marginalized as a result, but the hospitality here knows no age or sexual orientation. 

Excellent food (the PEI mussels and the fried, butterflied shrimp are MUST ORDERS), wonderful, laid back neighborhood vibe and the lovely Kasey taking care of us. Who could want or ask for more?! Make this your neighborhood place. You will never regret it!
Yay!  A restaurant in the area that isn't pizza, steaks or generic Italian-esque fair.  Recently opened in the closed 19th Hole bar, Roxborough Seafood House recently opened with a nice menu of seafood standards.  I ordered the steamed mussels with peel your own shrimp.  I asked the manager or owner (guy in charge) if there was a sauce.  He was very knowledgeable and told me it had a butter and garlic sauce.    He didn't even have to ask the cook, unheard of!  It did make for a bit of a mess trying to peel the shrimp, but I was given wetnaps without asking by the delightful waitress'.  Mussels were good, if a bit small, and the shrimp were well seasoned.   

Since they've only been open a few weeks, they made sure to let patrons know they were open to suggestions on none seafood dishes.  A good linguine dish, or, my suggestion, a good Louisiana Gumbo.  

The place is pretty skinny, but has a full bar with martini specials 4-7.  Again, I was very impressed by the servers and the manager/owner.  My drink was refilled without asking several times.  The owner/manager (not sure which) seemed a bit tight like a violin string, but hey, it didn't seem to affect the staff's easy going atmosphere.  

Notes:

-Cash Only (no sign yet)
-Seafood Only (but will expand soon, they said)
-Curiously expensive soup ($6-$7).  They have New England Clam and some kind of Seafood Soup.   I haven't tried either, but it better be darn good and in a big bowl for those prices.
-Take-out or Dine-In
-Got a complimentary basket of rolls.  The butter pats were hard, but came with a plastic knife.  Kind of strange, but probably just a small mistake.
-Please keep your waitresses, they are awesome. BTW, I goofed and left 15% instead of 20% tip.  Sorry.
What happened to this place? Part time strip club and hookah with bad food is apparently where they're going. Clearly this was bought by someone else because no way would it go from where it was to where it is.
When I have a GIANT seafood craving this is where I go. My partner in crime and I head here for only one thing: the tower for two. You get an extreme bang for your buck and the food is delicious. You could even share it with a third person if you're not extremely ambitious. The seasoning is on point and most of the food is boiled with only a few fried items. This way you don't get too full and can keep going. Always had nice servers, and it's nice to see locals enjoying their time at the bar. It is a bar though so expect louder televisions with sports and music playing. Parking can be a challenge because it's street parking around the block but it's residential so not a big deal.
I used to come here all the time but stopped coming due to the fact that the prices have gone up and the quality/service has gone down.
If I could give this place a 0 I would. I specifically made a yelp account just to give them a review. 

First of all it is probably the smallest most unorganized "restaurant" I have ever been in. When we finally figured out who worked there and were seated, our table was pretty much connected to another couples, it was awkward to say the least. 

Then after who I'm assuming was the manager seated us, it took probably 10 minutes for a waitress to come over and give us water. Then after about another 15-20 minutes a different waitress took our order. Then another 15 minutes later our first waitress finally came to take our order, having no idea it was already taken. 

I then asked for a drink menu and never had our waitress return to see if I wanted to order anything from it. Finally someone came and dropped off our food. We order crabs which were so overcooked you could barely get them out of the shell and Mac and cheese that looked like someone just threw cheese on top of semi warm noodles (gross!).

Finally we received our bill and ended up just leaving the money on the table so we didn't have to wait for our waitress, who never once came to check on us. Considering the size of the place it makes no sense that 1 especially 2 waitress couldn't keep track of their tables. If the food was even halfway decent I would have been able to overlook the service but it wasn't. 

I would not recommend anyone go there, it is a shame because I know many people were excited to have something different in the area.
First time here.   Great fried shrimp, mac n cheese and cole slaw. The decor is pretty basic, and the bar wine options somewhat limited but overall the value and quality are excellent. The fried shrimp were amazing. Saw other folks eating snow crab clusters and mussels and all looked very happy with their selections. Staff was very courteous. We'll be back!
I come here very often and to make a long story short the food is awesome! It beats the big seafood chain's ( like Joe's Crab Shack ) by a mile. Also the drinks are cheap! So what more can you ask for?
Clam chowder: potatoes binder and very little chewy things (supposedly clams?) 
Their signature chowder: same as above minus binder with can of tomatoes and over cooked shrimp.
Calamari: freezer bag chewy, bad oil taste and dip out of a bottle. 
Shrimp spring roll: overcooked outside, extremely soggy and oily and dip as above

And it goes down hill from here for their main dishes. 

One of the worst restaurants I have been to, hands down. 

Felt obligated to review so you can avoid a similar experience.

PS: Binders are food additives to change consistency and texture. If well used can improve those if not can change the texture and taste for the worse.
Within 20 mins of leaving this place I was in Roxbourgh hospital  located up the street.
Confirmed terrible food poising.
Bad seafood! Spent the night vomiting.
Yum, yum, yum, and oh yeah.....YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   I love the butterfly shrimp  here. They are HUGE!  I love this place because it's close to home, and I can get my seafood fix without having to drive too far to get it. I have only ever ordered the butterfly shrimp, but my fiance has had the mussels and snowcrabs and said they were delicious! Next time I come here, I'm gonna try the crabcakes.

The only thing I don't like is the parking.
I started patronizing this business because a friend works there. The first 2 experiences were great but today they just lost a really good customer. The new management/owner is this real disrespectful ignorant fat black man who when it was a problem with someone's food he replied "then why did you order something you didnt like". She replied how would I know i dont like something until it comes out. So the new policy is once it's out the kitchen you can send it back. They change the recipe to something and didnt want to honor it. They asked to speak to management as (the manager) was sitting at a both a few inches away and said out loud okay I'm sitting here. Implying that they were suppose to come to him instead. That turned into him talking very nasty and demeanor that I couldn't believe. With that being said u will longer recommend or patronize this business any more
Second time coming here; first time my coworkers and I came last year right before the holiday. Last year the service as well as the food was good.

This time, total opposite experience. We had to pay first before getting our food. The bar tender that also doubled as our waitress had a difficult time seeing because she said she didnt want to open up a new pack of contacts and she was waiting for "the guy" to bring her her glasses. 

As a result, it took her a while to make my drink. One of coworkers ordered the 8oz lobster with potatoes and broccoli. When her food arrived the potatoes were cut very sloppily and the presentation of her meal looked as if it were throwed together. 

So my coworker asked if she could get something else for about the same amount. The bartender/waitress said yes. My coworker ordered something that was two dollars more that her original order. The waitress stated she will need to pay the two dollar difference. My coworker said sure I'll bring it to you. The waitress said no I need it now before I put your order in-she stood and waited for the two dollars!

Safe to say we will not be back.
Yeaaaaa, from the young lady who works the front, to the fact that they make sandwiches wrong and don't give refunds I'm good if I never see the inside of that place again. First up...only cash. It's a pandemic & you gotta maximize money I understand but there's no change for a bill higher than a 20... HOW?! Next up the prices are astronomical for average quality of food. Barely any salmon in the SALMON cheesesteak and no accountability for making my sandwich wrong. Abysmal service from the young brown skin woman who was behind the counter, lack luster menu that doesn't price match nor give specifics and down the street from MUCH better competition please wait in the long line even when there's no line for this place. There's a REASON why there's no line here.
We go here often.  Every time it exceeds our expectations.  This time was the first time we ordered the seafood tower for 2.  We asked for sauted/broiled rather than deep fried and the chef was happy to comply.  It was...Bonkers.  Perfectly cooked, delicious butter and garlic sauce, way more than enough for 2.
After a long wait for a table, the waitresses appeared to have a complete breakdown right in front of our table, and none of them could seem to figure out how to take an order.
20 minutes at the door, 15 minutes at the table and not so much as a glass of water?
Forget it.

The for lease sign is coming soon.
These delicious seafood devours come from the @roxboroughseafoodhouse in the roxborough section of Philadelphia. This establishment has a "Cheers" feel to it. I'm sure it feels very at home as if I am one of the regulars that always pays a visit to this establishment. While here I order the steamed shrimp in the butter garlic sauce and a shrimp Po boy. The steamed shrimp were steam to perfection and very delicious. They were a nice size shrimp which made it even better. The shrimp Poboy was super delicious with their special sauce and the shrimps were actually fried perfectly. If you ever find yourself in Roxborough please check out @roxboroughseafoodhouse and tell them shimmy sent you! #seafood #shrimp #water #spice #philadelphia #philly #beer #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodblogger #foodpics #goodvibes #goodeats #positivevibes
Totally unprofessional climate, bartenders everything. This place has totally dropped/dipped in service, etc.  Having to watch your bartender eat food in front of you and not be in position to order food or a drink is puzzling and confusing as well, the young man that was behind the bar while the bartender ate her food with the owner, had to ask the bartender how much a drink was, once the price was told to him, he told me ( keep in mind the owner & bartender are witching 6-7 drinks off me totally immersed in themselves. I asked for a check, only to be looked at, so I left my cash and wallows out. Keep in mind I was at the bar for quite some time before the fact.  Having to wait for service is beyond a minimal expectation. I'm sorry Q but I won't be back. And to anyone else please save your money, because all that's going to happen is you will receive ass to kiss because your patronage isn't appreciated....
Recently moved to Roxborough and exploring the local businesses and restaurants. A long time contributor to TripAdvisor, I decided to join Yelp and share my experiences.

Since it's just down the street, and I love shrimp, I checked out the Roxborough Seafood House, finally in early March.  Since the initial visit, I have been back several times, including with a friend visiting from Texas.

This is a small neighborhood spot (as another reviewer put it "hidden gem"). It's a casual space, but on my visits, many a diner was dressed for a more upscale evening. There are maybe 8 tables and a bar that seats about 12 in the main room when you walk in, so expect a brief wait on weekends (or visit mid-week).  I believe they take reservations, and there appears to be additional space for sit-down dining in the take-out area.  They offer take-out and delivery.

For guests dining in, the menu is straight forward and highlights butterfly shrimp, fish and mussels. They offer their (possibly soon to be famous) shrimp fried or broiled.  They are good size and I have had them on 4 visits - delicious.  You can choose a basket with 3 shrimp, fries and close slaw for as little as $6 - super deal.  You can step up to huge platters with shrimp, mussels and much more.  During my friends visit, we had the calamari appetizer, the seafood stew and he had the crab ravioli dinner - he said it was the best he has had!

Every night until 7 they feature a large list of specialty martinis for only $4.95.  They have a full bar, and many beers on tap and wines by the glass from $6.

The staff is local and the bar manager is well versed and knowledgeable and you'll find him working most weekends.  The key to remember for new visitors is that the spot is a small, local neighborhood spot. Their shrimp puts Red Lobster to shame.  Check it out and support local business!
I had the fried whiting with jumbo shrimp, French fries and coleslaw. It was fried perfectly, but I did order a crab cake because it was not included in the combo. Prices are very reasonable. I will most definitely go back again. They also have a Happy hour.
This is my second time here, and the food is good. I think the first time I came I was so hungry I didn't taste the food.

Today it was good and I had the Colossal Snowcrab Cluster with 3 Colossal Butterfly Shrimp. Delicious! Nikki is the ultimate multitasker and did a great job handling the bar and the booths.
Sooo I look online to see what the pricing is for their "Colossal Butterfly Shrimp" and on the Roxborough Seafood House house's site - it says 18 shrimp for $35 - cool. I call to place an order. The waitress picks up & I ask what the pricing is for 18 shrimp is (because they always aren't honoring something their promoting) and she has an attitude that i asked then says "$42". I say "oh wow that's different than what i saw online". She replies in a snarky tone "we haven't used that site in over a year" i said to her - what does that have to do with me? It's almost 2018, 85% of the world uses online resources to determine where they are going to eat - hence why you're reading this. Its got your name on it- UPDATE YOUR SITE ! It's their job to make their pricing consistent wherever it's posted. Otherwise, people might just find another seafood spot that's not coming off as shady about their pricing. Now on to the food: when i got home the food tasted stale, mind you i live 7 mins down the street.  The shrimp tasted like it was cooked 4 days ago and reheated in the microwave on low. Not 10 mins after i started eating i began to break out in hives. So $40 & 2 Benedryl's later, I now know to stop being lazy & just drive to Sid Bookers. Seems like every time i come here there's always some shit. I tried to give them a second chance but If you can AVOID THIS SPOT!
Great food and great prices! I would recommend this restaurant. 
The shrimp and crab legs are so fresh and yummy.
Worst service of my life. Foods not bad. Prices are decent but the service is shit. I am embarrassed for them. I asked for a vodka martini and watched the girl make it 4 times and dump it out. And the one she served me was dark gin. They didn't take it off the bill. And it took 20 mins just to get a check. Won't go back. Ever. Sorry.
So we decided to check out the new seafood house in Roxborough, only been waiting like years for a seafood restaurant to open in my neighborhood. That being said, we ordered the fried shrimp which where Hugh and tasty! Not overly breaded!, my BFF ordered the crab cake which she said was good. Now, the New England clam chowder was another story, it looked like Manhattan and New England mixed together! I never seen that color before it looked kind of strange. My husband ordered the steamed middle necks which where also tasty but, when we asked for drawn butter to dip them in the waitress looked at us strange and never came back with it! By that time we had already ate them! We ordered a piña colada and grey goose and cranberry which where delish! The owner/manager seem a little tight and we seemed rushed throughout the meal! Maybe he will loosen up as time goes by. Overall pretty good Seafood we will be back but only for takeout! Oh I would have gave them 4 stars if I had gotten that drawn butter, and if the manager/owner? was more relaxed and not so in a hurry to give us our check before asking did we want anything else? Yes I will have another grey goose and cranberry ;) Oh I forgot to mention it's very tight! Not enough seating! Maybe in the summer they will have outside seating. Just one more thing, why serve cold bread with hard butter and a plastic knife that can't cut it? Just a side note maybe warming the bread and soften the butter then we can use the plastic knives.
Party of 8 arrived at the worst time, happy hour! Service was slow and the fried food was way over cooked. The fish were Whitings but had no seasoning or taste at all. Just greasy. The seafood soup rates "C+" at best. Steamed snow crabs were decent. They may need more staff help. To be fair the take out shrimp were perfectly fried and good overall.
I live right down the street and tonight was my first time here. It's much smaller than I expected it to be from the outside. The bar seats maybe 12 people and there are just a few booths and tables. They had multi colored lighting and at least when I came tonight played a mix of hip hop. 
When I entered the music was blasting. It definitely had a lounge like atmosphere. 

I ordered the mussels and Caesar salad (since they don't have a house salad) and my friend had snow crab legs and steamed shrimp which came with fries and coleslaw.
The seafood and the seafood only was delicious, the butter garlic sauce was very flavorful and the snow crabs were huge and tender. The fries were terrible which was disappointing. They were dry, and had absolutely no flavor. The coleslaw wasn't any good either. 

I would definitely recommend getting take out or coming in to eat when you're not trying to talk to anyone, The music is too loud to think practically. Enjoy!
Definitely a neighborhood spot. Don't order lobster or scallops or anything fancy. Keep it simple. Stick to the shrimp and crab legs. 

My wife and I stopped in here because we we're in the area and had some time to kill. I got the fried shrimp and fries and she got the steamed shrimp and cole slaw. We've never had a bad meal here yet. 

If you're not expecting The Chart House then you'll enjoy yourself. 

They also have happy hour drink specials.
My first time here and OMG the food is amazing!!!!!
The service was great!! The bartender Ruth's was freaking amazing and the sea food tower for 2 was to die for!!! Definitely trying it again!!
I enjoyed my latest visit to this establishment. The service was good and the food was delicious. It's a small place but myself and two others were able to get seating at the bar.
I took my friend DS here today for lunch to thank her for driving me around to do errands on a regular basis. She never takes money for her time, but she said she would let me feed her. There is no parking lot, this is in a residential area so street parking might be tricky depending on what time you go. We parked and walked about a block, but this was a beautiful day and Roxborough is hardly a scary place.

We got here a little after 1 p.m. and were greeted by the very grouchy man who cooks. We walked in, he was standing in front of us so DM asked if they were serving lunch. He stared at us like we were roaches, then asked if we were eating in. We said yes, and he walked away. Nice greeting.

This place is small, mostly booths and a long bar. It looks like it has been there forever; maybe not this particular business but I am sure this has been a bar/restaurant at least since the 1950s. Clean but not fancy. 

We were seated right away, we ordered drinks and scanned the menu. This is 98% seafood, a few steaks, some surf and turf combos, and maybe a burger, but I was not looking for one. The menu is printed on the paper place mats. The drinks taste like booze (don't laugh-sometimes you wonder...) and we had to take some time to make up our minds. The waitress (who also tended bar) was pleasant and patient with us. 

I ordered the famous butterflied fried shrimp (you get a choice as to how many you want-they come out to about $2 a piece) and my friend had steamed PEI mussels and shrimp in a very garlicky butter broth. Our meals came with fries and coleslaw on the side. My shrimp were perfect. The coating was light, they were cooked to perfection and not at all greasy or heavy. They were a nice size and the cocktail sauce they came with made a good foil for the very average french fries. The coleslaw was nothing noteworthy, but it was not sweet or drowning in dressing and it was edible. DS kept saying how tender and sweet her mussels were and the broth smelled wonderful. She cleaned her plate and asked if she could take the leftover garlicky broth home. No problem.

We had a relaxing 2 hour lunch as the bar slowly filled up with a friendly older (40s and up) crowd. 2 drinks a piece and 2 large lunch platters set me back $50, but I felt like I got fine service and good value. We were both chuffed to have found a good, down to earth place in the neighborhood and will definitely be back.

UPDATE-7/23/16

I returned again today for a light lunch with my friend, Dottie. Paige was the bartender/server and is as sweet a person as anyone could dream of. I mentioned in my first review that on our last visit that we'd gotten a less than welcome greeting and y'know-it was OUR fault. We entered through the 'take out' door (back door) instead of the 'eat in' door. 

Today was another ideal dining experience. Steamed shrimp (huge, fresh, scrumptious), a crab cake the size of someone's fist-all meat, no filler and a well poured Tanqueray and tonic. Paige kept her eye on us, was friendly, helpful and extremely gracious and we left content, very full and just happy as anything that such a great, casual place is right here in our neighborhood. This is a low key, pleasant spot full of locals and I can't think of a better venue for eating good seafood and spending a laid back, enjoyable few hours. Great service, excellent no frills value for your dollar. Don't think twice-just go!
Stopped in over the 4th of July holiday. I received great service, good food and good drinks. The prices were also very reasonable. I will definitely be back again.
Fist time visit  and would not return.  Menu looked decent so we decided to stay.  We ordered the Mussel and Shrimp platter, Crab Cake and Steak and Shrimp.  This place is more like a bar with a row of tables off the bar and some outdoor seating during good weather.

The mussels and shrimp were ok.  Nicely seasoned with garlic and whatever the special sauce was.  The steak tasted rancid and was not a NY Strip as advertised.  They also forgot to add the shrimp to the order.  The potatoes were different and a welcome change.  The crab cake was definitely not the lump crab they advertise.  It was more like flake crab with some other fish added.  Not really enjoyable and almost not edible.  The cocktails are well poured but a bit pricey.

Service needs a little help also.  The bartenders were very loud and also drunk as she stated she was off the clock training the other bartender so she was allowed to do shots.  Honestly, I have no problems with that but it did affect the quality of service not to mention she was a quite obnoxious.   They really need a change of staff and better quality food.
Honestly, some of the best shrimp and mussels I have ever had. Everything was fresh and flavorful. The staff was friendly and personable. It felt like being at someone's home. This place is very small and a little uncomfortable but the food was awesome. I will be frequenting regularly!
I love it here, the food is good and reasonably priced. Even better the bar manager (Michael) is very knowledgeable and just overall knows his stuff. The service is great and they just have a way of making you feel at home.
Very nice neighborhood bar. The seafood here is amazing. Nothing to fancy but done just right. The staff and customers are great. First time here I was treated like a regular. Tina is a great bar tender. Thanks for the great service.
So I stopped by this establishment again, and the food left much to be desired. My drink was watery and the seafood was dry. The only good thing was the service. I cant say that I'll be back again.
More room for IMPROVEMENT! The fried Butterfly Shrimp has absolutely NO SEASONING and is over fried! If Red Lobster can season their fried shrimp then why can't this place? And alot of people eat at Red Lobster! The mac n' cheese is greesy and has no taste.  The crabcake has more fillers than crab meat. The red potatos that come with the crab legs soak up all the butter since they put them rt under the crab legs..making them not edible due to them soaked in greese!
The waitress was drunk, the food was greasy and no quality.   Was so excited to see a seafood place in our neighborhood but this place is disappointing.   It's a great place if you want A liquid meal.
Not impressed with this place ); food had no flavor. Calamari was frozen, fried and hard... I only like the dipping sauce. I had the butterfly fried jumbo shrimp ... Nothing amazing about them and it was what they are known for ... Needless to say not going back
My first time ordeing take out i got the jumbo snow crab clusters which came with potatoes and corn. The food was great, my only complaint was the fact that everything was covered in butter which may sound great to some people but in my opinion i dont think good seafood needs butter at all just some old bay. 
So my second time around ordering the jumbo snow crab clusters i asked if i could have the butter on the side, best decision ever! They even separated the crabs from the potatoes and corn. The meal just seemed ten times better to me!!
Overall great seafood and great accommodating, very happy with this place!
Bottom line: it was bland.  Never again. 

I ordered two clusters, one with steamed shrimp.  When I opened my platter there was hardly any butter sauce; and what was supposed to be sauce was mostly water.  Once I noticed the cloudy water, I was no longer interested in finishing the rest.  Idk if this was a bad night lie what; either way I wasted too much money.
Place is a dive bar + seafood shack, nice neighborhood joint; the seafood was great but the drinks need a lot more work, had the worst Manhattan of my life... which I only ordered because the bartender did not know any of the other classic cocktails I wanted first (such as the Negroni). For $7, that was not acceptable. 

Thus, come for the seafood but make sure to get a beer with that if you decide on a drink. Pass on the cocktails.
My partner was craving a cheesesteak, I don't eat meat, but since I love him we drove down to Dalesandro's.  He got his cheesesteak and was in heaven.  I saw the Seafood House and decided to give it a try.  I walked into the back near the kitchen for takeout, was helped immediately.  Ordered the fish of the day with fries.  I had a choice of flounder, tilapia and whiting.  Chose the flounder.  They packed up a container overflowing with fries, a cup of cole slaw and 2 large pieces of breaded fish.  Breaded there, not frozen.  They also included ketchup, salt, pepper, tartar sauce, napkins and utensils.  All for $8.  Didn't love the cole slaw, it had celery seed.  The rest was pretty good.  The breading on the fish was a little too thick. All in all a bargain, I was satisfied. And now, I won't be so reluctant next time he gets a craving, looking forward to trying some other things on the menu
Decided to go here for a late Saturday dinner. I was in the mood for seafood and this was the only place that I knew of in the local area.

This is a relatively new place and you get that when you go in. They are still feeling there way. I was waited on by the owner. It actually added to the charm. 

Everyone talks to each other and is friendly. You are physically close to everyone as it is a small but cozy place. Saw a few people I knew but hadn't seen in awhile. I always like that in a local place.

As for the food...they left a bit to be desired. The Lobster Ravioli was wayyyy to salty. It was terrible to be honest. We had raw oysters that were pretty good. 

Unfortunately, something gave me food poisoning. Not sure if it was the oysters or the Lobster Ravioli but I was shut down for days. One of the worst physical experiences of my life!
Poor service and not friendly. Food was ok but very uninviting. Felt like they didn't want to serve me. It's a shame because the place is close to me but will never go back.
Went to Philly for the cheesesteaks and came upon this place. Good whiskey selection and generous pour. The only place I foind in this area with a restroom and inside seating. Rita was great.
The food is great and when dining in...the service is amazing. Delivery, on the other hand is horrible! I realize they just started delivering and they may not have worked out all of the kinks yet. When I called to place my order, I was told to call back in 10 minutes and was hung up on. After calling back the girl rushed me through my order and kept trying to get off the phone. If I didn't ask if she wanted the expiration date on my card, she would never have gotten it. The food came fast within 20-30 mins. When she arrived she parked outside and told me to come out and get it, I proceeded to ask her nicely if she could bring it up.... she swore and cursed all the way up the stairs. The food was good as always... but I will only dine-in from now on! Also, a little weird that their ladies room doesn't have a mirror...but that's an easy fix!
I'm only giving roxborough seafood house 2 stars because I'm being generous and they have good coleslaw. I have given it a few chances and have tried multiple items, all of which are disappointing. The seafood doesn't taste fresh, crab cakes are bland and fishy, butterfly shrimp are overdone and dry and the service is often sketchy. Total disappointment.
I'm kind of sad that the minimum is one star - I'd give it zero if I could. My boyfriend and I just left after sitting at a table for almost 15 minutes without so much as an acknowledgement from any staff member, let alone water or any sort of order. The establishment was NOT packed, so there really isn't any sort of logical explanation for being ignored (ignored is the correct word, as several staff members saw us - and our empty table - and walked past anyway). It was only when we walked out that we were acknowledged, as a staff member ran after us to say "sorry," not to ask us to stay. We had set our expectations low, not knowing what to expect, but apparently we didn't set them low enough! Very disappointing.
Best fried shrimp around! Everything is fresh and delicious. We eat here at least once a week. Can't wait until they get outdoor seating.
I come here about once a week and the food never disappoints. Sometimes I come to watch the eagles play. It's a cool neighborhood spot with decent food and drinks.
I would love to give a place in my adjacent neighborhood the glowiest of stars.  This is a new establishment and I am always itching to try new places local. 

A Friday night during Lent (Good Friday) seemed to be the best time to check out a seafood establishment.  It's cozy, in two small dining rooms of tables and booths with a bar.  It was not packed but full.  It looks like they upgraded it with new fixtures from the former pub (19th Hole, I think) and it seemed clean.  

The menu is laid out in a placemat which kind of has a down-the-shore feel and the murals on the wall are bright, nautical and cheery. Our waitress was attentive and gave great service.  There was gentleman that checked on our service, as well, prior to food delivery.  (Owner?)  The menu was straightforward and didn't really give descriptions of the dishes.  The prices were reasonable for seafood  'delivered fresh daily' as noted on the menu.

I ordered snow crab legs but the specials did sound delicious - crab ravioli in a blush sauce with sun-dried tomatoes, etc.  But I was fixated on Snow Crab - kind of a Lenten tradition on a Friday with me and the boyfriend.  He ordered the same thing but his was a trio with mussels and shrimp.

The food came out quickly but to my demise, it was in a pool of salted butter.  I immediately thought I was at Red Lobster (if that is your thing).  Of course, I did not exactly specify steamed with butter on the side, but what a mess!  Slippery and crab don't mix so it took forever to eat.  I don't really eat that much salt  frequently but I felt a lot bloated and smelled like a garlic butter that no wet-nap or hand soap could penetrate effectively.  The crabs themselves seemed fresh and large but were tainted by that presentation. 

My boyfriend's dish was similar - the shrimp and mussels were tough and the corn-on-the-cob was mush, likely due to the butter content. 

I am sure since this place is new, they have some kinks to work out with regard to the menu, etc.   There is always room for improvement and I look forward to hearing more positive reviews so that I am tempted to revisit.   It certainly is cheaper than Red Lobster but the dishes and prices are not unique enough to set it apart.
what was better, the food or drink, I can't give an honest answer.. fresh seafood.. prego wife was craving crab legs so we went and I had the best seafood that I can remember.. walked in and was greeted by a suited up knowledgable bar tender who served me one of the best Manhattans I've ever tasted.. I will be back.
I've eaten here twice now and have to say the food and drinks are amazing. We had the snow crab and butterfly shrimp both times we went. Margaritas and Bloody Mary drinks were both really good. I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because the restaurant itself is very small and when we went on a weekend it was packed with a long wait. We circumvented this issue by coming on a weeknight for our second visit and it was much less crowded. All in all, a great local place for delicious seafood and drinks!
Well, we gave this place another chance and it was ok.  When we first sat down at the bar the bartender (a young slender woman) was not very attentive at all and we had to request a menu several times before we got one.  It must have been a shift change because another bartender was on duty - "Kiki" and she was a breath of fresh air - very personable and efficient.

For a meal we had the crab cake and an order of muscles.  The crab cake appeared to be a commercially available "frozen" product that was devoid of taste.  For a place with the name it has, I would have expected better - freshly made.

The muscles were a better but the juice could have used additional flavor. (garlic and lemon)

All in all, Kiki's service made the visit good
Recently came here as a first timer. I been passing by and been dying to try it, as I love trying new places. I ordered the fried shrimp and was pleasantly surprised at the size. I was expecting Popeyes, but what I received was way better than any other establishment by far. The staff was friendly and accommodating. The sweet blonde bartender (didn't catch her name) went out of her way to make me a fresh Sangria after my dislike of the already made batch. Will def be back!!!!
Great little spot in the neighborhood . I will definitely come back here again. The bar service is great!
So I was looking for some good Seafood Saturday night. I ran across this seafood house and thought I'd give it a try. Well once we arrived we decided to do take out. The first problem was the small takeout area. It was hard to stand and place an order while people were walking walking  by, eating and the chefs cooking. Quite an odd place for a take out. Then it gets worse I had to keep asking the waitress if I could place an order because she was to business putting peoples food together. Finally after 15 minutes she takes my order, which was the seafood combo and a flounder platter. I gave her my money and she told me to give a minute to get my change. Well that took 15 minutes. I wasn't even sure if she would remember because she took others order and their money too. More people keep filing in causes everyone to be cramped. As I watched the chefs cook, I noticed one of them not wearing gloves. He decided to put his fingers in a pan to touch someone's scallops. Yes with his bare fingers. Of course he burned his fingers on someone's food and began to put them in his mouth and proceeded to continue to cook. I was really ready to leave then but couldn't locate the waitress again. When she returned by food was done. I had to remind her that she owed me $15 change. Her response was "ooh yeah". Once I got my food home, I realized that the fish was not fresh and it tasted frozen. It was also unseasoned and tasteless. The fries were also old and reheated. I throw it away and wasted $25 on this nasty food. I will never go back. I can make better seafood at home.
I had the most unfortunate experience when I ordered through Uber eats. I was hoping too add this well recommended establishment as my usual seafood choice. My fiancé ate at the restaurant and could not say enough about how good the food was sadly On 5/3/2019 my take order was atrociously prepared upon delivery mine as well as my lady's food was drastically over cooked, hard and inedible as well as being incorrect. We were hoping for a nice Friday night take out and was horrified by how the simplest of orders could be prepared with such disregard for any semblance of care. My love ordered the Deep Fried Combo and I the fried fish with shrimp we asked for coleslaw instead of fries because we knew fries do not travel well neither of us got our wish. Along with both orders arriving over cooked an disgusting my shrimp order was not present and both orders had cold dry French fries. I could understand if I had made a complicated request but fish is the easiest dish to make especially for a business that relies on repeat business. I paid $17 each for 2 inedible platters with half the order missing. Never again!!!
Would have picked zero star. I have rarely given a review but when a place is this bad.......and this place was so bad words almost escape me. Not just the worst seafood....but the worst dining experience ever! Bland fish with no seasoning. The mussels were actually cooked well however; the juice in the bowl was terrible....no flavor what so ever. And no bread????? This place makes Eat at Joe's and Red Lobster look like five star restaurants.
My fiancé, 2 friends and myself just left here from lunch. We got 2 of the seafood towers and all I have to say is Wow....WOW! For $49 you get enough food for 2 which consists of fried huge butterfly shrimp and fried fish (not sure what kind of fish it was) and fried. Next comes 2 crab leg clusters, clams, muscles, and 2 corn on the cob all marinated in this delicious old bay sauce. The crabs were so soft and were able to be dissembled easily. The clams and muscles we're seasoned so well and the corn on the cob was delicious. Our waitress was so pleasant and it was an all around great experience. I would definitely recommend!
I got the flounder fish hoagie. No mayo or mustard, onions and pickles. Just fish, lettuce and tomatoes.The french fries were cold. No seasonings on anything.
I came here a year ago. Ordered crab cake salmon and shrimp. For some reason I can't remember what anything taste like back then only that it was good. This morning at 1am right before stupid but good sometimes daylight saving time ordered fried shrimp and salmon. That salmon they grilled the whatever out that thing and it was the best salmon I ever had. Them shrimp now they were warm 5 and 3/4 because one looked like a half was missing. Don't fry shrimp if they are not whole butterfly. Also fries were cold, my broccoli was warm and soggy fresh out pot no season nothing! Why! were it not for that good ol salmon and those potatoes butter sauce ohhh I would have complained but of course never send food back. Nasty lemonade. Highlight of the night the waitress she was really nice. Looked too young to be working there tho girl go back to school if you are in school good.  Water glass had lemon seed at the bottom but no lemon slice hmmm
I've been passing this place for weeks and thought we were guaranteed to be in for a treat. Seafood during Lent? Yes, please! As much as I want to give a shiny review, I just can't do it. My experience was average at best mainly because I didn't think the food was that good. Even the non-alcohol drinks were shabby. The tables are small and very close to other patrons. The bar area looks decent enough to hang out for a few drinks though we did not do so on this visit. Fortunately the prices aren't ridiculous. The staff was nice. Maybe it is just me, the place was packed on a Friday night. I may end up giving them another chance sometime. If it is better I will let you know.
Hidden gem in Roxborough!!! The prices are great!  I had the seafood combo. Dungeness crab, mussels, shrimp, fried and coleslaw. The waitress Nicole was very personable! Food was deLicious!Happy hour is 4 to 7 pm every night! Loved the asian pear! The bartender with the ponytail makes very strong drinks! 

It's very small so no big groups. Get there!!!  Be patient wIth trying to find  parking. It's in a residential area next to Delassandros. Enjoy!!
this place is horrific!!!
it has very poor management!!
and the owner knows nothing about the business!
the resturant is so small, it's never kept clean... it's just so gross!!
 it has an ongoing  smell of dirty feet & cat piss; the entire time!! it's not an enjoyable experience; to say the least :-'(  (don't waste your money!!)
i must also mention:  that i've ate there many times in the past with my family. as well as my husband and i went on 2 dates here together.  we had dirty dishes set at our table several times, and had sent our food back this last time.  we won't ever be going back here again!
this resturant needs to be inspected by the better business bureau, as well as the food & safety inspections for resturants too on a regular basis!! 
it honestly needs to be closed down for business... as soon as possible in the future!  

kimberly mc
You guys are hilarious.... Its funny that you guys keep trying to throw your own barmaid under the bus... And around the same time your so called manager is responding to my reviews another so called customer leaves a negative review abt someone being on a phone.. I saw her working.. Im starting to think you guys are just racist pigs!






I just received a massage from a manager at Roxborough Seafood house.. If you have a conversation with someone you find out information abt them thats how i know her name and how long she was working with you guys.. Also this was not my first time there.. A few of you guys have nasty attitudes including your daytime barmaid Tina... You have a few bad reviews that i also read.. Maybe you should look it up! As for the David guy who mentioned real barmaids can make more then slushys.. If thats a person's specialty that's fine.. People need to stop being so critical.. She was very nice.. And we Will be going to vist her at her other bar.. God Bless you all and please stop the Hate!
I went here with my sister because she was craving mussels. We ordered the seafood combo that came with a crab cake, one cluster of crab legs, mussels, steamed shrimp, cole slaw and fries. It's a huge meal and you can share it! We both liked the food but I felt like my mussels were under cooked. Some were very slimy. Ugh! Overall the meal was good. The seating was a little tight but if you wanna quick drink and seafood especially around happy hr where they have a bunch of drink specials, this is your go to spot!
I used to live up Ridge Pike and would tell myself I need to stop in here soon, glad I finally did. The day time bartender POODIE/Tiny is amazing and the food is fresh. And who doesn't like $5 daytime drink specials?!!
This place gets a bad rap only because of it's surroundings. It's not ghetto, it's near the ghetto. This is the only place in town that serves bbq style seafood, and my wife and I frequent often. It would be great if the environment would change, but that's not going to happen. You'll get exactly what you're expecting here, go with confidence!
Worst experience ever!!! Very very slow we waited over an hour to get our food and all of the orders came out at separate times. Fried shrimp were not cooked steamed shrimp and crabs were not at all seasoned and the third member never got her food and the management never came out to apologize or refund the bill that must be paid for before you even get your meal. Do Not support this establishment you will regret it
Cute, quaint and delicious!!! A perfect combination don't cha think. My husband and I drove about 15 minutes from home and had a wonderful experience. The food was tasty. And it didn't take long after ordering. As a bartender I was looking forward to trying the drinks of course. They had a cute drink menu with their signature drinks inside. I tried the Russian Kryptonite and it was so tasty! The waiter, waitress and bartender were extremely pleasant. I will definitely be going back.
I am pescatarian so I eat all types of fish and other seafoods.... I try just about every seafood place I come across.... no offense but this one is my least favorite due to the major lack of seasoning... i ordered fried flounder with steamed fish and a friend of mine had crab cakes.... both platters were set to the side... I was surprised by the amount of people there that the food would taste that way.... whoever took my order over the phone was nice so she got the rating of 2 stars.
Leave the babies and toddlers at home!!! They do not have high chairs or boosters. The service was horrible and the food was not much better. I had the snow crabs and shrimp and they were drenched in way too much garlic butter. The confused clam chowder was not tasty and I could not tell if it was manhattan or new england. The 3 others had the crab cake and not one of them finished their meal, and it was not because they were full.  My son who eats anything spit out the mac and cheese and was happy with the oyster crackers. This is not a restaurant. This is a bar that serves subpar seafood.
Mannnn....listen mannn. I really wish I had read these reviews before I spent a single dime in that place. A friend and I walk in and are greeted by the bartender and are given menus. We decide on one of the martinis and it was just awful. The drink legit tasted like sour mix & cough syrup. We didn't want to complain so we ordered some food in hopes that the food will compensate for the drinks. Wellp! The lie detector test determines that is a lie *Maury voice*. The most bland tasting shit level of seafood I've ever had. I had to put mass amounts of condiments on it. While we sat there the shifts changed and a new bartender came in along with (I believe his name was John) the manager? My friend and I were ignored completely the whole time as they were rudely talking right in our faces (essentially). Mind you - I took 3 sips of my drink and pushed it up assuming the new bartender would ask if I would like a new drink or what not - NOPE. My friend and I weren't greeted or nothing. So, John then proceeds to tell a story of how a woman was sucking a man's dick in Max's Cheesesteaks last night and how she proceeded to pull a knife on him.  SIR. Why...just why? Meanwhile, my friend and I are without drinks, shitty food, and hearing about random dick sucks. Unprofessionalism at it's finest - truly.
Got a gyro,  AMAZINGLY. Good!  Was so surprised to find one that good in the US!  Thx. Loved it
Good food and strong drinks, not the biggest sea food fan but I really did like this place!
Walked out before we even ordered. Some girl sat in the corner with no sense of basic customer service or how to greet.  Just disturbing that a manager could hire someone like that to represent your business. I thought it was just me, but the consistency of the other comments points to a real problem with this place. Wish them the best.
Very pleasantly surprised! It's NOT the "19th Hole" anymore people! The food was excellent [steamed seafood combo was delicious / the proportions were terrific] , and the staff was quite friendly and competent [kudos to the bartender for probably the best martini in Roxborough]. Looking forward to our next visit!
Sooo I've only been here a few times but I have to say this place has the best salmon cheese steaks ever!! I've been telling everyone I know about them. To bad I live so far away but when I crave one I make the trip. It's a small spot but has a special charm to it. I also love their drink specials. The bartenders are really nice and patient.
Came here with my husband and son for lunch. When we walked in, there was a girl sitting in a corner booth glaring at us. I had to actually ask her if she worked there. Then we sat down and waited a good ten minutes before my husband finally asked if there was even a server. The girl replies "ya I'm a server. I was waiting for you. You couldn't figure out where to sit." Her tone and attitude was easily the worst I have EVER encountered. Whoever decided that SHE should be a server should seriously reevaluate that decision. I will never set foot in that place again, and I wouldn't recommend anyone else waste their time like we did.
In short: good service, good portions, great food.

What we ordered: 6 butterfly shrimp w/fries, snow crab cluster with 12 shrimp combination, scotch. All were well priced.

The butterfly shrimp are really huge, my husband only ate 4. The fries were cooked perfectly, and most importantly did not taste like fish. 

The crab cluster combo comes with red potatoes and coleslaw. First: the crab cluster was very large and steamed perfectly. The shrimp were also cooked to the perfect texture. The crab, shrimp and potatoes come together in a butter garlic sauce that was delicious. The potatoes were cut down and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and yummy with the sauce. The coleslaw was standard, I enjoyed it but wasn't anything special.

We went in at 6:30 on a spring Saturday. The wait was about 15 minutes for a table, sat at the bar. The bar tender was personable. My husband has two scotches  while at dinner, one at the bar and one at the table. Both were good pours. 

The staff overall was very nice. We did not feel rushed and both waitresses served us. The food was out quickly and our waters were kept full.

They restaurant atmosphere is nice. It's small, but I didn't feel crowded.  It has fun decor, and a nice bar with a mega touch like game (different brand). I didn't realize there were two dining rooms, but we sat by the bar, in a booth, and it was nice.

We would give it five stars with just small improvements: more options of veggies (only option was corn on the cob, and they were out), wet naps, lemon in the water (I did ask for this, the waitress seemed to forget), another potato with the combo (comes with one, I would have liked two). 

Overall a wonderful experience, and we will be going back again (maybe even this week).
We hadn't eaten at the Seafood house in a few years. It was usually packed a no frills  place with great food. Four adults went Sunday night. The place was fairly empty and before we were even in the door we were told no cards cash only. There was a sign on the front door telling you that you had to pay for your food when you ordered it. Not off to a good start. 

The fabric on the seats in the booths is ripped. Tables are sticky. And the menu was totally changed. Everything was a la carte. 
The bartender was also the server and she was busy with several take out orders. We had to find menus on other tables. No longer is there pasta or rice  for stir frys. No crab cakes on the menu. When we asked we were told there were crab cakes 2 for $10. 3 of us ordered the 2 crab cakes the other ordered a piece of salmon. We ordered  3 orders of fries. No cole slaw was available.   we waited and waited and waited. I unfortunately faced the kitchen and could see the server running around looking stricken. 
Finally she arrived with some food.  A salmon cheesesteak  nobody ordered and 3 balls of over cooked crab cakes. Apparently there was an issue with the deep fryer and asked us to order something else. Ok. We will have steamed shrimp.
It was not like  steamed shrimp served anywhere else it was sautéed but it was wonderful. They were in a garlicky, buttery sauce with a touch of old bay. Shrimp were nice size and tasted fresh. We got 2 out of 3 orders of fries. 
We felt sorry for the server. The bill was adjusted  to the food we actually ate. One soda was $4!!!!
We would never go back. Not sure how the owner thinks 1 person can be  server, bartender and do take out orders. Hate using plastic  forks and knives and drinking out of plastic cups. Never again not even for great shrimp. Maybe that is why there is so much  take out!
