Its a buffet. Quick in and out. Plenty of food. 
Service is good. Items refilled quickly except  Crab items. They take their time refilling them.
But if you are in the city and hungry this is a good place to stop.
9 Yelpers walk into a buffet...

On a Sunday evening around 730 pm, we descended upon Ruby, the place that I have always passed going to work and always wondered about.  It was packed.  Hordes of people everywhere getting their fill of all-you-can-eat-such-and-such.  We of course took the mafia booth in the corner.

To give a buffet 3 stars in my book is a high rating.  The selection was quite impressive and the lot of us descended on this food like travelers who had not eaten in days.  Gluttony is alive and well and we indulged.

The oddball find of the night for me was the glutinous rice ball (real description) with red bean paste.  It looked like an asian tamale and it was pretty tasty.  The skewers of chicken I had were also good along with the singapore noodles.  I also had my first chinese donut which I thoroughly enjoyed.

I rounded my experience out with a simple cone of soft serve, swirl of course.  Some things you just can't mess with.

While standing in line at Ruby, I turned to another Yelper and said, "this right here is what is wrong with our food system."  I then realized that I was directly contributing to the behavior.  I understand it's not good for you, it's not healthy, it's not local but sometimes, we humans just need to go a little crazy to stay sane.  Ruby, in my mind, exists for those times.
I was feeling like a seafood boil today so I decided to give a recommendation from a friend a try! I ordered on DoorDash, using the pickup option and to my surprise my food was ready within 10 minutes. Upon pulling into the parking lot I was under the impression that I was visiting "Ruby's Cajun" but instead it was a buffet, so instantly I was unsure of the quality of the food. Boy was I WRONG... I ordered combo 1 & 2 and it was soooo good, from the shrimp to the crab legs yum yum yum! Definitely give this place a try--They are only doing pickup and delivery during COVID-19.
My roommate and I were driving down Columbus Blvd yesterday, when I saw the Ruby Buffet.  I said to her " Let's never go there again".  To which she replied "I don't think I can do that."  My next words were, "Yeah.  Are you hungry?".  Thus, we ended up at the Ruby Buffet... again.

That pretty much sums up how I feel about Ruby.  Delicious, if unhealthy and probably not overly sanitary, array of food that both makes you hate yourself and love America.
I took a bunch of senior citizens from my job here for a little trip out.  And it was seriously just okay.  The workers were dishonest.

I love Chinese food and appreciated the sushi but there were only 2 rows of food and 1 row of desserts.  I'm used to alot more to choose from.  They just didn't have alot to offer.  

I then gave our waiter a 20$ tip and one of the annoying daughters of one of the residents tagged along and never saw me tip so she asked the waiter if I tipped him and he said no. When I went to confront hi, he started speaking Chinese and saying he didn't know what I was talking about.  I didn't like that at all.  Very dishonest.  

I won't be back. I'll go elsewhere.
Overall: Probably the best Chinese buffet in Philadelphia if you are looking for one. It serves your typical sushi bar, hibachi bar, dessert bar (tiramisu, palmier cookies, canned fruits etc), hot food area, sea food, soup, and fried foods area. Weekend is 13.99$ and weekday lunch is 9.99$

Key things: Crab legs and Sea bass- guys, if you're trying to make your money back, crab legs and sea bass... many people don't know it, but somehow this place manages to serve sea bass (endangered and considered poached and therefore very expensive) and it is probably their most expensive commodity here. This is the main reason why we come to this buffet to get our fix of this expensive fish. Crab legs are not bad but not super fresh- if you smell, it smells like a salty ocean on a hot day so don't expect super high end crab. I live in Florida with super fresh seafood, so I am a little more picky than other people. 

Sushi: nothing too fancy- a lot of filler sushi with artificial crab meat, fish egg, cream cheese, avocado, etc and some raw fish. Your typical cheap buffet mass sushi.

Seafood: there is a oyster bar but I am not sure about the taste/quality/freshness since I didn't try these. There is also fried stone crab claws which I didn't try but they weren't moving as quickly as the crab legs. 

Hot dishes: Your typical combinations of rices, vegetables, meats, deep fried foods in various sauces and labeled in 50 ways. Nothing new. 

Fried foods: there is the crab rangoons, spring rolls, etc and I think the best would be fried plantains that add a nice sweet savory taste to your dish

Dessert- your typical canned foods (longons, pipa, peaches, pears etc), coconut taro bubble dessert, tiramisu box cake, cookies, etc. Fruits and salad bar. 

Dishes are usually cleared on time and water is refilled pretty much on time- this place can handle busy crowds like Sundays on Easter day after church.
Let's face a fact.  Chinese buffet experiences are rarely gourmet experiences.  But the difference between a good one and a bad one is pretty easy to tell.  You can just tell if the ownership generally doesn't know what they are doing when it comes to quality.  

In fact, I recently had a pretty bad experience at a local buffet.  But after eating at this particular buffet, I want to find the owner of the bad experience I had, and take him to dinner here so I can show him how his food should taste.  

Such as, you see the roasted chicken here?  It has nice crispy skin and natural juices, not the soggy mess you gave me drenched in grease.  

See the wonton soup here?  The wontons are nice and soft, not dry and chewy.  

See the sushi?  It's been kept fresh by an actual sushi chef, not from some employee who makes it when they feel like.  

Bottom line is, after randomly coming here yesterday because we were in the area for the Bruce concert and saw the billboard on 95, I was quite impressed by the quality they gave me.  This is definitely on the higher end of Chinese buffets, and in many ways better than a lot of the local take out places which can be so hit or miss.  

No, it ain't Chinatown, and it ain't Han Dynasty.  But it's really good for what it is.
This is your standard Asian Buffet. Good selection of food; from pizza to sushi. Efficient employees who get customers in and out.  The restaurant itself is very large and business is good. Well maintained-which I can appreciate! Parking lot available; within the same plaza as Pepboys and Dunkin Donuts. Just try not to over-eat into pain!!! You will then hate the place! (Me). 5 Yelps: They match all the qualifications of a Chinese buffet.
My boyfriend and I visited Ruby Buffet again yesterday for lunch (around 11:30am), and we're so glad we did! Essentially, it's all-you-can-eat (of course), decent quality food, and a wide variety all for about $8.60/person after tax. You really can't beat that!

Honorable Mentions:
- the Texas Catfish was so flavorable and the breading was crisp
- BBQ Pork Chops: a must! The meat is a bit tough, but the flavor is still there! Yum!
- Vanilla Ice Cream: always  can't go wrong there. It's soft serve and never runny.
- Vermicelli Stir Fry: the flavor once again! Not too greasy either.
- Dim Sum Pork: done right! Get your fill here.
- Custard Bun: you do know how to hit the spot, Ruby 

Could Use Some Help:
- Pork Egg Rolls: the dough is too thick. Deep fried bland dough is a no in my book.
- Wontons: needs less dough and more meat (the soup was yummy though)
- Honeydew: it was a bad day for honeydew - it was hard and bland. (But it was a good day for the cantaloupes!)
Like most of us Yelpers, I like to consider my dining tastes on the more refined end of the spectrum. That isn't to say that I eat at 5-star restaurants on the daily because let's face it, I'm a broke college student, but I kind of pride myself at not eating at chain restaurants, fast-food restaurants, or anything else that is on the gross end of the spectrum. Every now and then, though, my friends and I will revisit our days of living in the suburbs and go to a place completely off of our radar. This is how I ended up at Ruby Buffet before headed to the movies.

My friend and I really did decide on this place because it reminded us of our Jewish grandparents who live in Cherry Hill and love their date nights to the Chinese buffet. It really does look like every single South Jersey Chinese buffet too - huge, tacky decor, and mass amounts of overweight people with 5 plates in front of them full of food that didn't really look appealing. We were TOTALLY shocked after the first bite, though. The food here is legitimately good in terms of buffet food. 

I didn't gorge myself on the typical fried, drenched in sauce options (I know, what the hell was I thinking trying to be healthy at a freakin' buffet), but I was still very satisfied. They had this seafood salad that consisted of scallops, shrimp, calamari, carrot and cucumber slices, and a dill-lemon-olive oil dressing that was seriously to die for. It may be the best thing I've ever had at a buffet. Their pork "dim sum" shumai-type things were also good and not mushy. They also have sushi which was surprisingly good and kind of creative. They had one roll that was salmon and avocado wrapped in pink rice paper (I think) that was cute and pretty and delicious. Actually, I really enjoyed every piece of sushi that I had there. The soups could've used salt, but I'll give that one a pass since that means it wasn't loaded with MSG. My friend really enjoyed his fried pieces of heaven but like I said, I was KIND OF trying to be healthy so I can't attest. If you're a pescetarian, you'll have plenty to choose from. Vegetarians may have a slightly harder time but I doubt you'll leave hungry. Vegans should probably stay far far away. 

Oh just a note, though: These people are serious about not wasting food (as they should be). There are signs posted that say if you waste food then an additional 20% charge will be added to your bill. You don't have to eat every bite, but don't leave an entire plate full.

In comparison to other restaurants, this would definitely be 3 stars but considering buffets should really have their own rating system it's definitely 4 stars in my book. Next time I feel like transporting myself into my suburban childhood dining experiences, I will definitely be back here.
I have gone here a few occasions, but my last experience with this establishment was completely unpleasant. My Mom, sister and I went to eat here and arrived for the lunch buffet. The waiters had placed oysters (part of their dinner buffet) out slightly earlier and still during the lunch period. My Mom had a plate and when she brought it back to the table (while eating it), a waiter said the dish was only for dinner guests and took the plate away from my Mom! This was truly shocking as it exhibited complete unprofessionalism, lack of basic manners and consumer appreciation. 

My Mom was highly upset and moreover it was done in front of other guests. When we complained to the manager, the manager did nothing about it and merely said "sorry" half heartedly. 

Very poor service, management not equipped to handle consumer needs and lack of satisfactory recovery to its consumers was very much present. In whole, a very unsatisfactory and unpleasant atmosphere for paying customers.
who doesn't like an all you can eat buffet?! i am sooo for them. i still have a lone tear from oasis (the all you can eat sushi place on walnut) closing and now being replaced by alfa/walnut room. all you can eat sounds a like a good concept...in theory.

this place is near riverview theater and like many buffets, there are no frills. 

it is a big place and there are set prices. lunch is cheaper. duh. about 7-8 bucks, but dinner is steeper about 9 or so, sunday there is no lunch price, it is all dinner prices.

the buffet has a plethora of different types of foods. it is like a hodge podge of left overs.

you have your usual fare of fried chicken, fries, the american cuisine. they have a good selection of seafood and since it is all you can eat, go to town! they have jumbo shrimp, crabs, crawl fish, and there is also a sushi bar! the sushi is ok. but it is fresh and made in front of you. they offer fried rice, lo mein and a variety of dumplings and shell fish, oysters and clams and i have even had mussels. 

the desserts include soft serve with rainbow jimmies, fresh fruit, if you are lucky they put out a big bowl of lychees and ice.mmmmmm. mangos and watermelon and pineapples. they have a plate of cookies, but i was bit scared since i didn't recognize what kind of cookies they were! so i stayed with stuff i knew and that was lychees and soft serve.

the service is insanely quick about picking up your plates, cleaning and are attentive. they run a pretty tight ship. they put a bowl on your table for the bones, shells, fruit rinds, etc. and empty it even before you can ask. they seem to keep an eye out on all the tables to make sure your dirty plates don't pile up. the crowd is not center city or old city. you have families there, people stopping before going to the movies, the hung over crowd sitting there eating all fried noodles, etc. 

memo to yo'self, since it is an all you can eat buffet, i would suggest going with a hearty appetite to truly take advantage of it..and wear elastic waisted pants....ok, perhaps not. but you get the jist.

the food is average. i mean the sushi was fine, nothing to write home about, but the variety of stuff there was good, not a lot of vegan/vegetarian stuff, but carnivores should be ok!

for the price and the choices, this place is ok. it is a place where it is ok to have plate of sushi, a chinese donut, and red jello. i support all you can eat buffets since it makes eating an adventure!
My boyfriend and I splurge on Ruby every few months. It's worth going into a food coma. Their seafood salad is amazing! The staff is very kind and attentive. Sadly we even spent a Valentine's Day here.
Food was extraordinarily great! What to stack on your plate: I loved the pork and chives dumplings; the exterior was a bit crispy, giving it the little crunch, leaving the interior with a meaty and mouthwatering goodness. The lo mein was great as well and wasn't oily like a few other places. The veggie cheese pasta was another favorite of mine, not exactly close to the authentic Italian dish itself, but close enough! The sushi here is bomb! I couldn't get enough of the sushi here; get everything! General tso's chicken was tasty as well as the entire seafood selection! I'm an experienced buffet eater and I've never once been to a buffet saying that I've walked away loving their salad bar - I can officially say that today because the salad bar at Ruby's is amazing! Their lettuce and greens are really fresh and tasty! They also have a wide range of dressings and additional toppings you can add to your salad like mayo crab meat (highly suggested) and veggie pasta (highly suggested as well). The fruits here are so/so, not the best since the fruits are left out in the open for awhile...oh, did I mention they have an icecream machine!? Chocolate or vanilla or both!? 
Service here was a bit odd. Yes, the waiters were attentive with our plates of food after we finished, but my party was a bit uncomfortable because one of the waiters seemed money hungry. We weren't even done with our food (we were probably up to our second plates), when a male waiter came with the bill. I looked around and there were no people waiting to be seated and even so, there were plenty of seats available! What was the rush? Mister, we just got here! And if I wasn't mistaken, this IS a buffet; you can't expect us to eat a plate and leave...
Also, when my party was officially done eating, we counted our money and the same male waiter approached us to watch...excuse you, please step away from the table...
The food here is incredibly delicious but the service wasn't to my liking...
They overcharge for subpar mediocre Asian / American cuisine. I mean yes, it's a buffet, so my standards are appropriately leveled out. However the lettuce was wilted, and the lack of veg food ( hot ) astounded me. I mean, come on, variety is the thing that makes buffets great. They also , as stated , charge way too much for food. Seriously, 5.99 for a 3 year old on a Saturday afternoon? They called it "brunch " pricing. Pleaseeeeeeeee, they served the same items ( by half ) than a decent buffet serves at "lunch" . I'm so over it.
We wanted to go to lunch on the way to Home Depot, so I suggested buffet. This place had a decent rating for a buffet, so we stopped in. I thought it was really nice inside and I was pretty impressed with the variety and number of selections. 

We got there at the same time as a big group of older Asians and trying to get food from the buffet with them, was interesting. They cut you off and then proceeded to take one spoon, stay in one place and reach across/sideways to get their food from multiple entrees. At the end, several dishes were missing the spoons, while others had multiple spoons. 

The food itself was tasty although lukewarm. Service was attentive. Price was pretty reasonable for the 3 of us. I would definitely go back and try it again.
Where else can you go to have AYCE chinese food, with crab legs and sushi, for $12.99? This is our default "we're-so-hungry-we-need-to-eat-in-five-minutes-or-we-will-die" place. It's clean, service is friendly enough, and there's a big selection. Sushi and crab legs are mediocre, but that never stops  me from waiting in line for crab legs!

P.S. It's a BYOB. Yes. I've brought wine there before. They give you little plastic dixie cups to drink out of. You're welcome.

P.P.S. It's a great place to people watch. Go, see, and you'll understand.
I'm really not a buffet person. Mainly because so many people in Philly are manner-less human garbage. This place is my ONLY exception!!

The food here is good, I have no complaints. Good salads, deserts, and entrees.  Full disclosure though. I go for the sushi!! The sushi is really tasty!!! Especially for the price. The variety is good. They've got simple sashimi, and more complicated multi-leveled pieces as well.  

I just really like their sushi!!! It's as simple as that!!!

And as someone else also stated. TIP THE SUSHI GUYS!!! IT's a buffet so you KNOW the staff is working hard, but those guys are like machines cranking this stuff out, cause it goes pretty quick and it's good!! TIP THEM HEARTILY!!!
I was dragged here by 2 of my friends, both of which were running the 2014 Delaware marathon with me. It was time to carb load before the big race and I didn't want to do Chinese food, wherever and whenever possible. Yet, I was here in Philadelphia having Chinese food, pretty much, with Japanese (sushi) mixed in. At least I was with friends, I guess, so I sucked it up and hanged out here. Last time I had this kind of food, I got real sick and couldn't handle it out on the marathon course. Let's just say I tossed some cookies out there, so I was adamant about it, but my friends wanted to eat here. Can't say no to a 2 to 1 vote. Ruby Buffet was your quintessential buffet place, where you can get whatever you want and overload your body with stuff that tastes good, but not necessarily good for you. At least, the prices were cheap at $12.95 for dinner per person and the restaurant space was clean and orderly.

Ruby Buffet is located 1100 S Columbus Avenue in Philadelphia, just 15 minutes from the Philadelphia airport. Located with a small strip mall, I noticed the Pho Saigon next door in the complex and hoped we will be going after running the marathon to celebrate (we did). And so, Ruby Buffet shares its private parking lot with the other tenants of the complex, so there's good parking options here. Public transit is good too, but you'd need to google search directions. Ruby Buffet accepts credit cards, which is a must, since they thrive on volume and how much people they can do in an hour. It's amazing how much food people can pack away when its a buffet - myself included. I guess it's really unlimited for a fixed price, so you would just load till you can't anymore. Its good on the wallet, but ain't so good for the waist line to be sure. Still, it is what it is. Comfort Asian cuisine at its best.

My 2 friends and I arrived here around 6:30pm on a Saturday evening and it. was lovely already. I was hesitant on coming here, but it turned out to be an okay experience, especially when you are amongst friends. The restaurant itself was actually quite beautiful and clean. Like a Chinese restaurant, but with the buffet stations and steamy trays of food to salivate and inspire your taste buds to no end. There is a sushi chef along with a prime rib carving station, but the guy who was doing the carving was nowhere to be found. It was disheartening, but what can you do, but to load up on more seafood and a mix of Chinese noodles and lo mein to get in those carbohydrates for the next morning's 26.2 mile fun run. Oh well. The fish entree was pretty good and I did like the fresh seafood selection - shrimp and crab legs. Everything seemed of value when you load up on the more expensive stuff! :)

The service here seemed non existent, whereas everything seemed to be just self service pretty much. You were seen to your table, refilled your water a couple of times, and presented your check. Nothing else. The staff here in Ruby Buffet spoke Cantonese Chinese, so that was nice to hear - some mandarin. The restaurant was clean, sans those 5 year old kids throwing food on the floor at the tables next to us. It felt like being in Chinatown for some reason or another. Still, it was recommended though. I thought that this place was just okay, but good for the money. The overall experience could have been better, but it was Chinese cuisine and could not have spelt it out any better. Still it was delicious Chinese fare, but its not really good for my stomach and well being, especially when I am doing this marathon stuff. :-)

Support local!

C+
Probably my favorite Chinese buffet in S. Philly.
They have a large variety of food, from crawfish to clams and sushi. This buffet is quite enjoyable for the price and quality.

I deducted a star because of the location. Although there's plenty of parking, the crowd can be quite unpleasant. I'm talking demeanor and trying to hog all the food (crawfish) lol.
This is by far the best Asian Buffet I've ever been to. The food is always nice and hot and seemingly fresh.

Their sushi selection is definitely the winner for them though. They always have at least 8-10 different rolls with extra sauces on the side for you to experiment with. The staff is friendly and attentive and always makes sure my water is filled. My boyfriend and I frequent here weekly and he's always asking if we can go. For an $8 all you can eat lunch, why not?

Need to try: fried plantains, cheese rangoons, sushi & fruit bar mmmmmmm
One day great debate and gladiatorial dominance of eating will join forces in one Epic Chinese Buffet Eat Off Debate (it seriously must happen!). And if it does Ruby Buffet may very well be the Colosseum where it occurs!

Columbus Boulevard is an epicenter of sin: Its filled with greed, lust, wrath, envy, and then some. And that's not even factoring in any of the sin that happens inside the towing and impoundment center of the PPA! and when you factor in the basic Chinese food, sushi, chicken wings, crab legs, SOFT SERVE ICE CREAM, and more that you'll find inside, Ruby Buffet is the true epicenter of gluttony!

The rude and greedy folks definitely tend to swarm around things like the higher end seafood products. And it can get insanely packed and overcrowded during prime weekend hours. But on a buffet standpoint Ruby is much better than the average one. In the end you might feel gross over the fact that you managed to go through at least 3 plates of Krampus knows what! But you'll still find the gusto to top it off with a good helping of ice cream.
Visited this place on a Sunday afternoon in December and left full to the gills with deliciousness. I wasn't in the least bit disappointed. I love sampling a wide variety of dishes, and they have something for everyone. The tuna sashimi was fresh and decent quality--I know, right? at a buffet! But it's true. The fried food, which ranged from crab wontons to chicken wings, was crisp and hot. The noodles were comparable to any decent takeout joint, and the vegetables weren't at all overcooked; I had snow peas, broccoli, and sauteed greens, and all were properly done. There was plenty of fresh fruit (NOT "fruit salad") at the dessert table in addition to the soft-serve, cakes, puddings, and Chinese red bean donuts. Our waitress was very sweet and kept our drinks refilled, our table clean, and was quick with requests for stuff like chopsticks and extra napkins--please be sure to tip the waitstaff! I would definitely eat here again.

Low points: Octopus sushi--my companion who normally loves it said it was "totally horrible". Weak salad choices. The terrible fake whipped cream perched on all the desserts.

High points: Vegetarian and fish sushi. Satay chicken and beef. Hot, crunchy spring rolls. Fresh pineapple.
This place definitely isn't the best I've ever had, but in terms of a buffet, it's pretty solid.  Let's face it: most buffets can be pretty gross.  Ruby Buffet clears that hurdle without any problems and may even rival some of the buffets in Vegas.  

We walked in without reservations and they were able to seat 10 of us right away.  We were then let loose and given free reign of the buffet, which is fairly large and has more than just chinese food.  My friends said the sushi was decent and I enjoyed the chicken and broccoli immensely.  I was also impressed by the amount of fresh fruit they had for dessert, but my friends went for the soft serve ice cream and loaded their cones with about 50 pounds of sprinkles.

It's nice to know that gluttony is alive and well at Ruby Buffet.
Pros: Lots of choices, pretty good sushi, lots of seating, not too loud. Staff is very nice as well!

Cons: The food is a bit greasy, but I suppose that's to be expected from a buffet like this. I feel like the least healthy person in the world coming out of this place.
Fat kid check in!

Ruby Buffet is definitely one of the better buffets I have been to.  They have a decent variety of food from your noodles to fried section, to soups, to salad bar and dessert bar.  I chose not to wear pants as I was here on a mission.  The steamed dumplings were a favorite and I would go back and eat my weight's worth.

Wear stretchy pants when you go.  We are the sweat pants capital of the country now, so rock them proudly and don't forget the soft serve ice cream.
I WOULD NOT EVER GO THERE AGAIN! THE WORST SERVICE!

I have to start by saying that they have a good selection of food but they have the worst service! I made a reservation for my family and I (party of 14) on Tuesday for a Sunday night dinner. I made a reservation for 5PM on Sunday. By the time we got there, the lady said "5 more minutes". We ended up having to wait another hour and a half for a reservation that was made 4 days ago! Then they tell us that the party before us would not leave and they have been there for 3 hours. I went to the manager and complained about that party to tell her to kick them out.. They would not say anything to the party. But they scattered my family and I with 2 different tables elsewhere in the restaurant. 

When finally seated. We had to wait half a hour for our waters to arrive! 

While eating, my grandmother, who really likes the snow crab legs was waiting in line for almost 30 minutes. Another lady kept on cutting in front of her back and force. I complained to the manager again. And again, they would not say anything. Then, finally, a kitchen attendee finally came out with a bucket of snow crabs and we said we have been waiting 30 minutes. She said, "it's not a big deal". While my grandmother was grabbing a plateful of snow crabs for our whole party. She then said, "Don't take too many, save some for others". I then told her we had a party of 14 and that the other lady keeps on coming back and cutting in line. Of course she didn't say anything to the other lady because she was "not Asian or white". She only screamed at us for taking too many crabs because my grandmother is a small, old, Chinese lady. 

The food was not too bad but I did not see any of their workers wearing gloves. That is totally disgusting. 

I had a bill that was more than $200 but I gave them a bad $20 tip. They didn't even give us any discount, which they should have with the amount wait time and losing our reservation. 

I am really unsatisfied with their service and the cleanliness was also a problem. I see dirt and mold all over the carpets.
It's a pretty standard chinese buffet with all the staple dishes like pork fried rice, chicken lo mein, french fries, fried chicken, seafood, sushi, BBQ pork and pork ribs, a salad bar (haha), a few desserts and soft serve machine with vanilla, chocolate and mixed and some more.

Their cookies are crumbly and not great while the cakes are tasteless and more like... bread? Idk just forget those since all Chinese buffets, not just Ruby, serve crap cookies and cake. But their banana, pudding and graham cracker dessert is awesommeeee :) 

The staff have always been readily available and courteous while the place is clean.  All the sought-after Chinese buffet entrees are available and delicious while the price is very reasonable.  No complaints here :)
For a place to get a grub, Ruby Buffet would be a good alternative. Despite their hidden extra cost for Soda, this buffet wasn't too pricey. The place is clean, which made my first impression ( not to mention... the bathrooms looked nice too haha!) 
  Other than that, they have their own small sushi buffet. With about 6-8 different sushi in there. The sushi aren't bad though! Everytime I come here, its the first thing I get! Their sushi is delish. However, the rest of their food are VERY heavy on oil. I try to refrain on certain foods, other than that most of the foods weren't bad. 
  Service was dependable and the bill was pretty standard. 9 bucks. Worth it ... especially after eating 32 sushis.
My mother loves her seafood as a FL panhandle native so she wanted to come here for their seafood buffet. The idea of buffet sushi after going to sushi restaurants in NYC for the last 6 years made my inner Yamamoto cringe. But it's Mother's Day so how could I say no?

Our party of 3 arrived at 1:30pm on a Sunday and it was crowded without being packed. Pretty good for a holiday and after church if you ask me. We waited for about 10 min. before being seated. The options are good but not huge as another yelper mentioned.

Some basic Chinese store items like sweet and sour chicken, teriyaki sticks and sugar biscuits. The seafood options were mainly different types of shrimp like fried garlic shrimp (with the head), plain cold shrimp, battered shrimp, shrimp fried rice. They had fried catfish and crawfish. 

Prepare to be aggressive if you want to even see the crab.lobster section of the buffet. Some people had the nerve to bring their bone/shell bowls and fill with crab legs instead. Yea, it's that serious apparently.  The crab was fine no seasoning. One section of just crab legs and one of just the bodies. 

The crab bodies and lobster claws were horrid for the same reason. Lobster has a light flavor so any type of masking it other than maybe butter defeats the purpose of lobster. It is served slathered in some thick, jelly like sauce. Sesame/garlic mix? I dont know but just don't bother. 

I didn't bother with the sushi and no one did. It looks perfectly placed since I assume opening. Overall, it was well priced and fine buffet quality food. Drinks server was very polite and prompt with pitchers.
2 words. UNLIMITED CRAWFISH... not many places in Philly you can get awesome crawfish and Ruby's is my go-to. It's BYOB which not many people know about....theres a craft beer shop in the same complex... the lady at the front knows us by face and is quite nice..  I love Rubys.
After an awful trip to AC Moore down the street, my boyfriend and I decided to stop in here for a quick fuss-free dinner. I was a little hesitant at first, but he assured me that the food was good and I would find something that I'd like. I accepted the challenge and was fully ready to eat $11.99 worth of soft serve ice cream.

Well I was pleasantly surprised to see so many choices and how well the buffet was maintained. There were all sorts of seafood (cooked and raw), sushi, typical chinese take out foods, a section devoted to fried items, a section for fresh fruit and veggies (props for the freshest honeydew I've had all season), and a nice spread of desserts. I ended up trying a little bit of everything, and have no major complaints. The staff is pretty nice and will clear your plates quickly while you are getting another helping. I was even able to get a few crab legs without incident (and believe me, I witnessed a few people getting nasty over not having crab legs. I wanted no part in that). 

So all in all it was a pleasant experience. The food was edible enough that I'd go back, but not too often because unlimited soft serve is dangerous. 3 1/2 stars
First time coming here. I wouldn't even bother trying the place if it wasn't for the wife. She seen snow crab legs and decided to bug me to give it a shot. It feel like a one of those cheap Chinese take out around the corner. The vibe, decor, the service, and the rude shady customers. Matter of fact it's worse than some of the Chinese take out. 

Got there for early dinner around 430 in the afternoon. Was greeted with a hostess that look like she's been running a marathon. Ok fine no smile I get it. It's kind of busy for 430. Not a problem just run ahead of us to our table and say nothing. Server came to get our drink order with out telling us what kind of drinks they have. Fine but don't give a look like I should know what you have. Wrong move lady and not even introducing yourself fine. 

Went to go make my plate and see what my wife was fussing about. Got to the steam table and no steam snow crabs. Ok fine I went for the stir fried stone crabs. Not bad but not great quality. If it wasn't stir fried and the sauce covering up the freezer burn meat. It would of been crap. 

Large typically sushi selection but I would even touch it. First the area where the sushi is placed was not cold enough. Because the carving station was right next to it with hot heat lamps. Not sure what cuts of steak was on that carving board. It was sure as hell dry the hell up. Tried the stuff clam and stuff shrimp with crab. The stuffed clam was ok if you like a load of stuffing, carrots, green beans and a small hint of clam. The stuff shrimp with crab had no crab meat. It stuff with imitation crab stick. Ok fine. They have craw fish. Wow I was wondering why no one was piling it up. So the wife crack one up and I know why. They didn't soak the damn thing first before cooking it. That's why it had so much dirt inside of it. Some was probably dead cause some had a funky smell. 

Ok fine craw fish no good. Wait for snow crabs. Waited for 15 minutes for them to bring out a fresh tray. The second it came out it was gone with a blink. Some mom made her two kids stand and wait for a new tray to be brought out. Rude kids. Wife mange to grab a few for us. Not what I expected. Small, thin, and not meaty at all. I'm thinking to myself forget this I'm stick with the stir fried clams. 

The rest of the dishes was your typical Chinese American foods that you can get at any take out place. They have do it yourself soft serve ice cream, fruits, warm cakes and cookies for dessert. 

At the end of dinner I was expecting at lease a 50 check because of the crab legs. But the check came up to be $37 for two. Ok it's cheap but you get what you paid for. Cheap foods, bad service, and unpleasant dining environment. Like I said some Chinese take out is better than this place. I forgot to say I'm a former chef. I've been cooking and work in the kitchen for 10 years. I have knowledge of or some knowledge of Chinese, Vietnamese, American, and Italian dishes. Finally the wife got sick when we got home. Sooo I won't be going back.
To me it's hard to review Chinese Buffet's. I dont want to be generic here and say they all seem the same, but it's true. They really do. 

This is one however tends to stand above the rest of the ones I have been to. It has a very wide selection of food. Along with the selection they offer, their sushi is some of the best as well. If I had to guess off hand they have anywhere from 10-15 different types of roles. 

I have always found the food to be fresh and they stay on top of keeping it stocked. For $15 a plate it is a great place to go if you are starving and not in the mood to get up and go  somewhere that involves changing out of your sweatpants. Theres no shame in my game, we have all had those nights.

On a weekend night beware, this place can get packed. I have never experienced a wait at chinese buffet's but this place gets busy. It has been so busy before that I didnt even go in, that has to say something for it, right?
No. Nope. Nil. Not again. What? This buffet needs to close asap! Long waits for tables, dirty tables, the dining room attendants try to flip tables as FAST as they can and they do this by bringing your check early(2nd plate of food) and standing around lurking!!! The selection isn't great at all. No thanks. Steer clear of this place.
Absolutely horrible! They have roaches under the tables. Yes roaches. I seen them with my own eyes. Servers are horrible. They lurk. Demand a tip. And the front counter people threw us out when we told them about the roaches .
I wanted pho, husband wanted Chinese, husband won :-(  However there were no real winners in this scenario, since this buffet was pretty weak.
First of all, the tables were very cramped.  Who wants to be elbow deep in lo mein whilst making uncomfortable eye contact with a perfect stranger?  Not me I can tell you that.
The clientele was a little sketchy too.  Not like a Chinese bufffet is some sort of highbrow situation, but I saw more pajama pants than I should have.  
Their food selection isn't as expansive as some other similar establishments my husband has made me go to.  Also, they were pretty cheap too.  Where other buffets have coconut shrimp (my hub's favorite) Ruby had coconut chicken.  Da fuq.  Also, a few of the seafood things were over ziti (?) to presumably make it last longer.
You get what you pay for my friends.  Hopefully next time my husband will be more amendable for getting pho.
Amazing bang for your buck. We paid $12.99 for dinner, but if you're there for brunch/lunch/have kids, it's cheaper.

I came here expecting a mediocre buffet experience and left feeling pretty pleasant!

Let's start with the low points:
- Had a single clam from the raw bar. Had to spit it right out; it tasted sour 
(Not sure if that was because of the water the clam was from or because it was sitting out there for a while. A lot of people were going for it though, so try it at your own risk; it could have just been us.)
Although, to be fair, they did have a health warning posted above the sushi/raw shellfish.

Now for the high points:
- My boyfriend said the crispy duck is probably the best thing they had available. Yes, even better than the snow crab legs, which everyone mobbed as soon as they were available.
- If you do manage to get some crab, it's nice of the waiters to come around to give you a crab cracker. They came around every few minutes to refill water, an didn't seem to pre-occupied for any other inquiries.
- Other dishes I recommend: just about everything is pretty decent-quality and at least trying once (IMO, with the exception of the raw bar). I liked the sushi, the teriyaki chicken, the snow crab (be prepared to fight when they bring it out, though), bone-in barbeque pork ribs, & just about any cooked seafood dish.  The fruit was pretty fresh, too.

The seafood isn't the freshest and some of the dishes may or may not have been sitting out there for a while, but considering what you're paying, it's not bad, and you can eat as much as you want. Friendly service. Decent decor, ambiance, Chinese music playing on the speakers, and it felt pretty clean (tables, bathroom, and the buffet area).
We always use this place for special events
For our family here foods is okay it normal 
Big spot for party and birthday there. Lunch and dinner you should try it.
My friend and I eat here regularly either before or after a movie at the Riverview just a block away. The food is always impressive and near-empty bins are replaced regularly. It's very easy to overeat here because the food is just so darn good! Be careful how much you put on your plate, though; they will charge you a little extra if you waste food.

Prices are half price during lunchtime hours, so it's well worth the mid day meal! Check it out, you won't be disappointed!
We thoroughly enjoyed this buffet. There were good seafood varieties, such as steamed snow crab legs (which there was a line for, because they just didn't put in enough on the buffet at one time), craw fish, a selection of other shell fish, and shrimp. They also had a good variety of non seafood items, soups, stir fries, and sushi. I was also impressed with the selection of fruit and side salads they had, but was disappointed with their dessert options. The tapioca needed more coconut milk and tasted very starchy, there were three kinds of cake, one without icing (this looked like a Chinese honey cake). They also had soft serve once cream in vanilla and a chocolate, but there is a surcharge if you wasted the ice cream. The service was good, and they cleared the table frequently.
The is nice but not enough foods
The pit the foods so slow my sons complaint not enough foods. The price is hight too
The service face look so mean.  I don't like this place.  No thank you !
It's ok. It's a Chinese buffet. You have to pick and choose what's good and what's not. And by good I mean what you can recognize as chicken or pork chop or an actual shrimp.
Is always god to come here and the food is great and prices are reasonables . Love the deserts and sushi is on point .
I thought the Chinese buffet in my town was the best after I visited so many different Chinese buffets around, but after I visited Ruby buffet, it changed my mind. Ruby buffet is the best Chinese buffet I've been for the price. 

It's $6.99 for lunch on Mon-Fri, $8.99 for brunch on Sat, and $11.99 for dinner and Sunday whole day. 

I had their $8.99 brunch last Sat. The restaurant is very big and clean, everything looks pretty new. I don't know why some people said it's dirty, but for me, it's the cleanest Chinese buffet I've ever been, especially for the price.

Food is nice and fresh. Very big selection, from sushi to seafood, such as shrimp, crab, scallops, mussel...etc. Those are just for lunch, I think they have better stuff for dinner. Salad bar's food is very fresh, and lots of choice. Chinese stir fry is pretty good as buffet food, some of them are very tasty. They have American food too. I like their sushi, and they give you my favorite spicy sauce on the bar, so i could squeeze as much as I wanted. Their ice cream is great, I never thought that Chinese buffet can have good ice cream too. Dessert bar is very normal, I didn't get any dessert at all, I didn't want to waste my stomach space on them anyway.

Well, anyway, for the price you pay, it's good enough. I wish the buffet in my town can be better now.
For the price and huge variety of food, it's a fairly decent quality. Lunch came out to about $8 per person before tax. If you get a drink, other than water, it costs about $1.75.

You'll leave stuffed, satisfied, and still have a pretty heavy wallet leftover. Service is efficient!
Horrible service. No napkins, crackers for crabs, or utensils. Food wasn't all that fresh. The sushi tasted like it was made yesterday. The waiter hardly came by to pick up our used dishes. One of the host was yelling at kids. I've eaten here a few times and all the times wasn't great. I keep thinking it'll be better the next but it's not that's why I've decided to write this review. At the end, we never got our bill so I waited at the cashier for the waiter to bring the bill so I can pay and leave. Still left a decent tip but my husband said I should've left anything. But I'm not that kind of person. One star because the kids enjoyed the ice cream custard.
Not sure how this place got such high ratings. The food here was below average and the whole place smelled like bad seafood.
Last night dinner devours took me to Ruby buffet in the grand section of lower South philly! The buffet is very diverse with all types of Asian cuisine including Asian seafood. I would've had a great time and our server Cristal was simply amazing and very tentative. Have you ever find yourself near Columbus Boulevard and Washington Avenue with a big appetite you should definitely check that spot out. #buffet #chinese #asian #asiancuisine #goodeats #philadelphia #philly #lemonade #pinklemonade #crablegs #shrimp #octupus #squid #fish #rice #vegetables #spice #food #foodphotography #foodporn #foodgasm
Buffets, buffets and more buffets. These places pop up like zits on a adolescence's face!  This place isn't new, but the best one one the whole city in my opinion!!  The selection isn't as vast as some but the  food is done right and done fresh all the time.  There isn't any food that sits for hours and that's including the sushi!!  It's always coming out.  The service is great also, never needing to ask them for a refill or clearing away the empty plate.  They just take them and you'll have a new soda on your table.  They have the best ice cream machine too. It's vanillay and made with real milk.  Not like some places where the ice cream tastes like cheap dollar store products.  So if your around Delaware ave and looking for cheap eats and craving a buffet, definitely give this place a try!

Happy eating!!
Out of all of the buffets in the city, this is probably one of my favorites because the selection is excellent, price and service is good.
Weve been here a few times. Great food/selection/service, and its clean.

This is one of Phillys only Chinese Buffets within the city. What surprises me is every time we go, we feel like we are the only white people who know of this place. This place is always filled with black people, but thats nor here nor there. I think I bring up the point cause its in the Pennsport neighborhood, which is mostly a black neighborhood, showing that they prob just depend on the very local market, instead of advertising to other districts. My wife and i drove 25 minutes from Lower Bucks to this place (thats how good it is.)

Please dont read too much into my black comment.
Ok, the food is ok - nothing incredible but there is enough selection for a lot of rounds and they have a sushi bar too.  The sushi is ok, again, not great but the price is right, the service is really fast and the wait staff is, dare I say, very kind.  My gf loves seaweed salad.  She asks for a small bowl of it and they bring it - no charge, it's a part of the buffet.  And they ask if she wants more.

They are so pleasant.  The place is clean - even the bathroom and that is how I judge the cleanliness of most restaurants I go to.  

Overall, dinner for two is like $26 bucks for all you can cram and they have great soft serve ice cream for desert with toppings available too.

It's a good place.
Oh how I love the Ruby Buffet. Clean, bright and tons of great food. 

I always make it a point to try the sushi at a buffet. The sushi definitely made a good impression! I was stoked to see the sandwiches and the HUGE sushi rolls (see pics). Creativity and deliciousness at its best. Makes you almost not want to eat the sushi! 

The last time I ate here it was on 1/2/10 and I have got to say, the cold shrimp was SO fresh, it was unreal.  I had never tasted shrimp this fresh before! I usually stick to the sushi, shrimp and maybe green beans. Once in a while I will look around and see if anything looks interesting. My friend always eats the Coconut Chicken. I tasted no coconut when I tried it, but it was still good. They also have really good chicken nuggets, fried chicken wings and crab rangoon (shaped in the little bowtied packages). The first time I ate here, I tried this salmon with veggies. It was excellent (but needed a tad bit of salt). Oh! Also - they have this crab-meat bake with cheese & it's really really good. 

I have eaten here for lunch on weekdays and weekends and I have also been here for dinner on a Saturday night. Sure you'll hear a screaming kid here and there, but what do you want? You're at a BUFFET!!! Also expect people to be greedy when it comes to the crab legs :( That's to be expected, though. 

Also the one thing I like about Ruby Buffet are the bowls that they set out on the tables for you to dispose of your crab shells and shrimp peels. Nice touch!
I found a new dish that I am in love with. It's on the side where the salads are. I don't know the proper name for this, but it's some sort of a seafood salad. Shrimp, scallops and squid mixed with beautifully sliced carrots and celery, in a dressing of olive oil and dill. I could take home pounds of this stuff. Very summery and refreshing. It's a chilled salad. If I could find out how they make it or what the proper name of this dish is, I'd be in heaven (Because I'd make it at home).
Chinese buffet have only three ratings, good, okay or bad. Ruby is good. Well prepared and tasty chinese dishes, lots of selections, nice quick staffs. Apparently, lots of people come here for the king crab legs. Every time the staff brings out a tray, it is gone in a flash. But I found the king crab legs pretty tasteless. On the other hand, the other dishes are well worth a try. Run of the mill stuffs but tasty. I like the cold mix sea food and the stir fry mix shell fish in particular. The sushi bar is pretty basic. Nothing to ga ga over. 

Anyway, good enough for me to come back once in a while.
I have a food baby right now. It's from Ruby Buffet. 

I'm giving it 3 stars because it's a buffet, and three stars is the equivalent of 4 or 5 in the buffet world in my opinion. 

This place is super clean, the staff is attentive, and they have a very wide selection of food. Their sushi is pretty good as well. 

They have a nice selection of vegetarian options, and good desserts.

I am really full. Miserably so. I'm going to go lay down now.
The sign that I really enjoyed this buffet came in the form of a soft, but pleasant voice... After an hour of eating, I just sat at the table with my face resting in my hands. Just taking a breather..... Then I heard someone say, " Are you ok??"... Lol. It was the hostess standing beside my table observing me while I wasn't looking..... I might have eaten way too much... 
I had stopped in for a late lunch today and was happy to find that I hadn't wasted my time and money on another horrible Chinese buffet. I don't think that I tried one bad item.. I didn't have much as far as noodles and rice go... A small spoon of mei fun and a small spoon of rice. Both were good, but neither got finished. Mussels, clams in spicy bean sauce, Texas fried catfish, pan fried dumplings, and spicy chicken were just a few of the items that held my attn for the hour that I was there...
The hostess was very attentive. The only thing that I found odd was that they charged for drinks. But maybe I never noticed that I was being charged before. The other visual that I couldn't shake was how people could find room an ice cream cone after eating til their eyes bulged.... Or maybe that only occurred at my table... 
This business made me an immediate fan with their fresh and great tasting food. 
Fan or not, I can't eat like this often....
The place is super clean and bright. The food is good, not great, but what do you want for 11.99. The selections are fresh and the food is hot. Dinner for two was $26. That's incredible for dinning out. For the money I was stuffed. This place makes it fun to be cheap.
Came here with my family to eat dinner. This place is very clean but they are rude. Upon entering the establishing they immediately call tonight at 2. I asked for hottie and they advised me that the machine was broken I immediately went on the fence and said you guys don't have hot water? & I then proceeded to ask how do you heat your food? We were hungry so we decided to eat there. They didn't stock the crab legs in abundance. They closely monitored it and only put a few pieces a time. They also did not fill my drink or take my plate as often as I wanted (every 15 minutes is fair). The variety was small and honestly didn't taste well. Anything with cheese tasted stale. I would avoid this place at all costs.
I'm not a big fan of buffets. Before my friends convinced me to try Ruby buffet for the first time in Feb, 2009 I honestly had not been to one since junior high. Since then, however, it's become the place for me and the ladies to get over episodes of  "post-party depression". Chinese food is always a great hangover cure. 

The food is fine. The crab legs go fast, but they are almost constantly bringing out trays. I've had raw oysters almost every time i've been and have never had a qualm with the freshness or quality. I'm not the biggest fan of the sushi, especially since the one time they made rolls with fried chicken inside. so unpleasantly unexpected. What i do get jazzed about is the roast duck, the crab backs when they serve them, the steamed crayfish, and the baby clams. I also really like the fried chicken wings.

Like everyone has said, the service is really pleasant and efficient. Also, they dont really advertise it, but Ruby Buffet is BYOB. We've come with champagne and they provided us with little plastic cups and OJ to make mimosas. 

I would say it's the best buffet in the city, but it's honestly the only one i've been to.
They have a really small selection of food, compared to other Chinese buffet. I love their crawfish, crab, coconut chicken (?), and ice cream. I would recommend people to come here at dinner time as they don't serve crabs and crawfish in the morning.
I'm not a big fan of buffets but when I get that craving this is my go to place. The only better place I've tried is Hong Kong King buffet in Feasterville. 

The sushi here is just ok, but everything else from the chinese choices is pretty good. There's not much to say specifically since there's so many. The place is well kept and clean and tidy. It's a few more dollars than the other places in Philly but  it's worth it to me. Give it a shot if you're in the mood for a buffet.
I have been here for dinner and lunch and I can't remember people being rude like many of the reviews have stated. Then again, it's been a while since I was there for dinner.

Last time I was here was after the movies, it was around 1 and we were starving, so where to go for a quick meal that isn't Burger King or popcorn? The Buffet!!!

Yea, yea the food is americanized but I def. think it's worth it if you're not one of those authentic snobs, you need to know what you're getting into. 

Word of advice, make sure you read the label because I have almost dished myself some "dinner" items when it's lunch time. Please be advised that they are sneaky like that and may charge you extra if you grab some of the 'better' items. 

As for customer service, nothing superb. They bring you something to drink and they take away your dirty dishes. They should have better rules about kids running around grabbing sweets and acting like it's their home. Or, parents, please watch your children.
Best Chinese food and Chinese buffet in south Philly and awesome sushi too! Yes, great sushi at a Chinese buffet!! It's an oxymoron but it is completely the truth. Also it's not on their website but the place is open till 11 PM at night every night.
Also, there's a weekly coupon in the South Philly Review newspaper.
I love Chinese/ Asian food so it was paradise there. Totally pigged out. What was weird to me was that the one thing they didn't have was sesame chicken. The donuts are the best. They're my new favorite. They have a ice cream machine which is awesome. Overall I love this place and I wish I could go there all the time.
My boyfriend and I stopped here our first night in Philadelphia since it was near our hotel. It was actually pretty good. It was very busy yet the staff was very attentive and we were never lacking for a soda refill or our plates to be cleared. The food was very good, however I was not really impressed by the sushi which is to be expected from a buffet I'm sure. My favorite? The crab rangoon, it was better than some I have had at the usual places I go at home. For a chinese buffet, this place surpassed my expectations.
Fair prices! Good selection! Good food, especially for a buffet! The Chinese donuts are AMAZING! Going on a Friday night can be crazy! And people aren't the most polite about lines or sharing the limited supply of crab legs! Otherwise great!
i'm kind of surprised i've never reviewed Ruby, considering the amount of times we've been here. the kid has an all-encompassing love for the buffet, and ruby is his favourite.

the goods: VERY clean, fresh food, decent pricing, lovely & friendly staff, sushi that doesn't make you cringe, the kid thinks it's heaven on earth.

the bads: the ridiculously rude folks waiting for the crab legs, the same rude folks who then take 3-4 plates full of said legs each, the same rude crab people who have been seen actually pushing other patrons away from the leg-o-rama.

luckily, our fam could give two shits about crab legs, and instead go for the salt & pepper shrimp, the crawdads, the mei fun and the sushi.

seriously, if it wasn't for the Crab People, i'd give ruby buffet 4 stars.
Ruby is by far the best asian buffet I have ever went to hands down.  The selection can't be beat.  They even have all you can eat sushi and it's really good too.  I actually head there first as soon as I get in.  I think the lunch is by far the best deal for your dollar.

Some Ruby buffet highlights:  watching a single man fill one the shell bowls up with vanilla soft serve icecream.  watching a fight almost happen during the dinner crab leg steamer tray. (hey!  you gotta own those things once they bring em out cause they're gone in a matter of seconds) watching some kid stick his hand in the sweet n sour sauce.  Amazing times.

I only give 4 stars as I've gotten into it with the owners about not honoring coupons when you dine with two and pay seperate.  They only allow one coupon per entire table.  Petty if you ask me
I go here way too much and it's so unhealthy but it's so cheap and so good. This place gets packed at dinner, especially on the weekends so parking will be tough. Also be wary of when there are events at Penn's Landing like fireworks because a lot of people tend to park here for that, too. There is also the notorious snow crab legs line. The sushi here isn't so bad if you're not super picky about it. Oh, and definitely try the fried catfish. Yummy.
This buffet exceeded my expectation regarding the freshness of its food. If you crave for seafood and want to get with affordable price, this is the place. It is a Chinese buffet place so do not expect for anything in service. Went there with my husband yesterday for lunch and I especially like their cocktail shrimp and crabs. Some other dish might be too greasy for me so Indid not eat much. The sushi is not bad as well. I might fo back just for its price.
When I go to buffets it is not for quantity so much as being able to eat a wide selection of things for a flat rate without waiting. I'm generally repulsed by people who to buffets to see if they can eat their weight in General Tso's Chicken. I probably make two trips to the buffet and one on the way out for an ice cream cone. That said, when I go to Ruby Buffet it's because I'm in the neighborhood (read: IKEA or Target) and I need to eat quickly and on a budget. 

At Ruby, the best advantage is that there is a decent selection of sushi rolls included in the flat rate as well as steamed salmon, duck, brisket and ribs at the back bar. The main buffet sections have two or three soups: hot and sour, wonton, miso etc... all the standard sides like pepper steak, fried rice and lo mein, as well as chicken on a stick, general tso's, greens, fried dumplings, pork buns, string beans and other things that have been soaking in butter and/or oil for god knows how long. And finally, at the bottom of the barrel you can find pizza, tater tots, french fries and American fare for the people who can't bring themselves to eat crawdads, scallops, seafood or anything you might otherwise traditionally find at Chinese buffet all for the same $12 price tag (unless you go for one of their holiday specials, like Vale tine's or New Year's that I think include lobster and other high end items and can go up to $20 - I've never been.)

I agree with the other reviewer who said the worst part is probably the patrons who hover, waiting for the crablegs to be refilled only to hog them all when they come out. It's like watching pigs waiting for their troughs to be filled. But as long as you don't put your arm in their eating radius you won't get it eaten off by mistake. 

The waitstaff and very friendly and prompt about seating you and refilling your drinks and quick to ring you up and send you on your merry way. The place is lacking in atmosphere, but for a buffet I'd say it's actually on the high end.  My biggest complaint is the bathrooms. They are disgusting, not cleaned or stocked nearly enough. Thankfully the front of the house seems to be fairly well maintained so I just try to avoid the bathrooms.
Regular Chinese buffet place.  Really nothing special.  $15 per adult for Friday dinner. $7 for my 3 years old.   2 and under is free.  See my photo for pricing.  Like other reviews said, crab legs are available if you stand there and wait and you are the first three on line.   They do have other seafood dishes like crawfish, mussels and clams.   I was lucky to get some crab legs- quality was so so.   Meat wasn't firm and lack of that sweetness.   Like others said, steamed sea bass was definitely the highlight.   Certain pieces was a little over cooked but I went back for second for the sea bass.  Sushi wasn't fresh with dull color.  They don't appeal to me at all.  Dessert was a little weak with limited selections.  They do have soft serve ice cream.   Another dish I like was the roast duck.  Roast beef ( they cut for you) was tough.   
Service was good.   No compliant in that area. 
One thing need t mention is the slippery tile floor throughout the restaurant including the lobby and entrance area.  It just felt oily kind of slippery.  Floor wasn't wet.   The eating area was carpeted but not other area.  I heard at least two tables talking about how slippery it was.  My son was 'skating' on it playfully.   Obviously the management knew about it.  Yellow floor signs saying Caution were everywhere.   
Conclusion: one star for sea bass. Another star for service.   Red flag for slippery floor.  Will not return.  If I'm in that area, I will go to Flaming grill buffet instead.  Less than 3 miles away.
Out of the buffets in the city I've been too, this is probably my favorite. Been there for lunch and dinner and the hot food is always hot and salad bar items are pretty fresh. Some of my favorites are the seafood pasta salad (it is spicy) and fried shrimp. I ignore all of the desert options and head to the soft serve and fruits. I personally don't go to buffets for "authentic" food but the quality is pretty consistent and yummy. I did notice some of the menu items rotating but it's all good. As much as I love sushi, I always steer away from sushi at buffets, no matter how good.

For the people who are "uncomfortable with the clientele," it's deep in South Philly, pajamas and sweats are the norm. It's a buffet so you're dressed to expand, not impress.
This place is disgusting. There were flies all over the sushi. I think that's enough to justify a 1-star review.
This buffet is pretty good overall. My husband and I go there about 2-3 times a month on Saturday in the early afternoon. A few times later and on sunday but it's too busy and crowded so we like to stop while running our errands on saturday when it's not too crazy. Parking is available in front of the restaurant, no fee or meter which is a plus!! 
The restaurant is clean, the food is hot with a nice variety of Chinese food and some American food. Salad, fruit and dessert station is nice too. 3 or 4 different soups and some sushi. 
My biggest complaint is the crab legs. They serve 1 tray with a line of people waiting and the first person in line takes the entire tray! 
I wish they would have 2 trays or a server for portion control. When they serve lobster the put some gray over it which tastes gross to me so whether I eat it or not the price is the same. So if they are going to do that then they should serve the gray on the side.
The staff is very attentive, the bathrooms are clean. The customers can be rude to the staff but unfortunately that's south philly for you. Sorry but true. 
I didn't rate it 5 stars because of the lack of crab and the lobster with gray prices.
I think the secret is to go at lunch. No crab legs, so no blockade of jerky rude people! I enjoyed the food okeh. It was better than the average South Philly "Chinese" food shop, but not as nice as you'd find in Chinatown. The sushi was gross, but the sticky rice dumplings more than made up for it. Keep your expectations low, and you'll probably be pleasantly surprised.
Ruby is the BOMB. 
I love a good Chinese buffet. This is one of the best I've been to. No frills. Big selection and clean and spacious.

It's worth it even if you just go for the sushi- it's really fresh and good and they've got some interesting rolls with kiwi and stuff in them. 

The amount of sushi rolls and sashimi that I eat there would easily cost me more than $30 elseware. At Ruby I get all that sushi, along with soup and crab legs and fried chicken and ice cream and my total  is $15 including a drink and tip!!! 

If you want candlelight and ambiance and get annoyed with screaming children, you won't like this place. But if you like Chinese buffets and good bargain, it's the best around!
Just left Ruby's with take out order.  Lady over charged me. Said that my food was a high rate per pound because it was dumplings.  I asked her what if my order was sushi or seafood. She said they charge more for dumpling.  Why lie to me like I'm stupid. Tell me the truth that you overcharged me.
I'm kind of a food snob.  Not just in regard to the food but in regard to my surroundings.  I like ambience and that's, my friends, why I'm not eating at home.  It's all part of the experience.  

Yet, I dine at and like Ruby Buffet.  It's like less than $20 per person with dinner and drinks (and people, tips these poor guys 20%+ not a $1 or $2...do you SEE what you leave on and around the table these guys have to bus?) and tip.

The people are how you'd expect the people to be:  plenty of children in tow (incidentally a buffet is a fantastic idea for picky kids--and for kids whose horizons you want to expand), loud, messy and ready to throw down for king crab legs.  So it's like dinner and a show.   

No, it's not high cuisine but you seriously can't beat the crab, the shrimp cocktail (which has perfect horseradish in the cocktail sauce, by the way), sushi (I even got a hand roll the last time I went)...it's like a seafood buffet for me.  

And mmmmmm who doesn't like chinese donuts?  

I highly recommend a walk around Ikea to make you feel less like killing yourself for eating so much.
This place is hella gross! My friend & I were around the area, it was getting dark & we were both starving, so we thought we'd settle for the buffet. Beside, everything should taste better when you're hungry right? Wrong! We tried out at least 20 items and were on the verge of spitting out the food...no joke! And as my last resort, I thought I would just get myself some chicken & broccoli and lo mein, thinking noway anyone could screw that up...wrong again! Both tasted really sweet as they were drenched in corn syrup...lo mein was mushy and flavorless, also very greasy! I also have problem with the customers in there. I know it's a buffet and we don't expect anyone to act proper or behave like an adult. Anyhow, the people we've encountered were AWFUL! My friend almost got elbowed by some girl because he was walking by the crabs & she thought he's gonna go after it. Oh em gee! And I nearly got pushed 3 feet away because some lady was trying to kill everybody around her so she can get the very last piece of sweet cheese puff...ridiculous! I'll never eat in here again. One star for being seated as soon as we walked in, but that's expected in every Chinese buffer?! ;(
My husband decided on stopping in here for a bite to eat- glad we did. The food was amaze-balls! I'm not a fan of buffets per say but was thoroughly pleased with the food. It was spacious and clean. The staff very attentive.
nice service food is good I'm specially like their hot sour soup and shellfish waitresses are very friendly
Good selection of meat and seafood, especially the Cajun clams and mussels. Sushi bar was basic but good. Loved the fried chicken, cream cheese wontons, & spring rolls. Best desserts were the coffee and tiramisu cakes and soft serve.
This is my preferred Chinese buffet in the Philly area.

There's a good (not staggeringly huge, but good) selection, a good amount of fresh seafood.  The only thing that I had here that was not good were the raw oysters...I grabbed two and one of them was not fresh--that's pretty bad, I think it's VERY important to keep raw seafood fresh, and I'd rather this place just not offer raw oysters unless they're not going to be able to keep them consistently fresh.  The rest of the seafood, including the fresh seafood and the raw fish at the sushi bar, was great.

The sushi is above average for a buffet, but not quite as good as the typical sushi from a good sit-down place.  There are soups, some fried foods (not too greasy), and there's a good selection of fruits and salady things at the salad bar.  They not only have egg roles, but they have shumai, sticky rice, and some other more dim-sum type items.  There are fewer of the classic Chinese-American items, but there are some, and they're good quality.

One of the highlights of this place that is unique to here--I've never seen it elsewhere--is a dill seafood salad, made with squid and scallops and other seafood, with lemon juice and fresh dill.  It is quite exquisite!

Another favorite dish of mine here is the baby clam with black bean sauce...really good.

The only downside of this place is that it can get very loud and crowded, especially on weekends.  How crowded does it get?  Crowded enough that I don't feel comfortable leaving a purse or wallet at the table, and I'm rarely paranoid about that sort of thing.  I've been here other times and it's been much more pleasant.
I am a huge fan of buffets, and I should say this is the BEST buffet restaurant within the City of Philadelphia. Food is always fresh, not as greasy as the typical Chinese food, and the variety is always satisfying. Unlike the typical Asian buffets where the sushi is far less than mediocre, the sushi here is actually pretty decent as if they have their own sushi artist. Definitely a great place to celebrate special happenings or just to cure extreme fatigue/hungriness.
This is going to be a short review. I've only been there once, but it far exceeded my expectations. Incredible variety, which many buffets have, matched with high quality, which many buffets don't.

The only thing that put me off was all the orca-sized Americans beelining for the crab legs and fried food. (I'm American, so I can say that, right?) Not a single broccoli floret was disturbed.

Good price, even though it was the dinner hour, so a bit higher than the lunch price. Maybe $15 per person?

The staff was fine. Attentive. 
We will be back.
Pros:
1. FRESHLY made sushi and sashimi. Let's face it, the tuna roll doesn't taste like it just jumped out of the ocean, but for Ruby Buffet...not too shabby at all!
2. Great selection of seafood and generous refills- If it's not for the fact my mom's suffering from gout, i'll be WAITING IN LINE for the lil chinese lady to drop those crabs; prawns; crawdads into the pan!
3. Attentive service. Water filled; bowls cleared. I paid 12 bucks for dinner, and that's all I ask for. 
4. Chinese dim sum. I wasn't crazy about the buns and dumplings since I'm Chinese.....but it's a nice way to be adventurous since it won't the bank. 
5. Ice-Cream Machine. BEWARE of crazy and out of control kids in line. (Usually their parents are just as crazy fighting for crab claws at the other end) 

Cons:
1. DAMN, this place is like a circus when you go at dinner time. Sexually unidentifiable people wobbling in 7 inch heels; kids running on sugar rush; a couple that takes up a booth of 6, and pile their table with 10 bowls of crabs...
2. Americanized Chinese food...your usual lineup, general tsao, string beans. Floating in grease and screaming out to you, "eat me and waddle away in fat and happiness"
3. You might gotta break a leg to get some crabs! People aint so civilized down there, one guy took 2 plates and dished out all the crabs as soon as it got plated. yep...no shame!

I went down there with my bf, after his car got towed. After paying $180 to get it back, we needed an abundance of food; freak show to stuff our faces and be entertained. I was quite satisfied with the results....
I'm absolutely appalled that a veteran was just kicked out of this establishment for being accompanied by her certified, legitimate, and fully trained service dog that helps her cope with daily life. This is illegal and morally incomprehensible. No one deserves this treatment. This woman fought for us and this is how we pay her back? I'm extremely saddened. Please also consider how your actions just may have caused further turmoil.
Me and my 3 friends walked into this place and first was greeted by a very judging hostes or the lady in front.. she askes how many sitting and proceeds to look at me up and down, noticing my shoes had a hole in it because I just got done work, so she walks me and my two friends to the table and again she looks at me up and down and I noticed it .. so we proceed to table and right when we sit she tell me the price then asked for us  to pay now...this isn't good service plus for 15 dollers it's really shitty food .. after today I'm never eating at this buffet again... racist
It was your typical Buffett. The only reason I came is because my daughter wanted to go and it was quick service and a big enough selection for her pickiness. I arrived a little after 3pm and was told it was dinner time. I paid 49 for 3 people (2 adults 1 child).

Pros: it wasn't packed. We were seated fast. If you have a picky eater there's options. 
The mussels and egg rolls were really good. 

Cons: some of the food was bland. Like the crab legs initially were bland but when you got to the bottom of the same crab leg (odd) there was more seasoning. 
The pineapples didn't taste good at all and I love pineapples. It ranged from tasting sour to bland non taste sweet. 
I was expecting more like hibachi maybe being a choice. 
As soon as I was at my last piece of food on my first plate someone  came up to take it away. It was as if they were watching like a hawk and rushing for your table.
After several years I believe I have finally found a decent Chinese buffet restaurant it's located in South Philadelphia. All The food dishes were hot and the area was clean. I had 2 entree plates,one plate of fruit and on the way out a cup of vanilla ice cream all for $11 I let a $5 because the waitress was so sweet. I'll be back.
This is the type of place you go when you feel depressed, and only leads to more depression. It is loud, dirty, and the food is flavorless.
Never again went here to eat and low and behold it was a fly cooked into my sushi rice. The manager told me it's because the sushi was out I said this is a buffet all the food is out. This was my daughter's favorite place and when I tried to take a picture they took the plate. Eat at your own risk
A Veteran was kicked out of the restaurant because she had a Service Dog which assists her in her daily activities ... besides being against ADA laws it's also very rude to treat someone that has served our country this way
My wife and I made a drive to this buffet last night really looking forward to a great dinner with our family. We had just taken these children to the circus and they were terribly hungry and feeling restless, ready to have dinner. Our group consisted of my wife and I, a two year old, a six year old, two eight year olds, and a ten year old. I mentioned their ages because the employee didn't accept or believe that our ten year old was actually ten. For some reason we had to prove that our growing ten year old as indeed ten years old and that we weren't trying to pull anything over this lady. As a quiz, she asked us what year she was born, hoping to catch us in some kind of lie. Upset by the question, we still answered honestly and was still turned down by her disbelief. Not only did we face her attempt to charge us an adult price for a ten year old, but she wanted us to pay for our 2 year old as well as if he was at least five. Fed up with this poor customer service, we chose to leave and not give them our business. Very disappointing when in the past I haven't had any problems referring my family and friends to this business. Ruby Buffet will no longer see my family dine there due to this ridiculous and shameful incident.
I opted for crab cakes they were fine,but wife got the crabs and they were so small could hardly get anything out of them. $22 and nothing from it...
OMG,,  Please don't go there, I eat out hair in the stuffed shrimp&crab meat!!!!!!! I really wanna forget this terrible experience!!!!!!
If it was possible to give 0 stars, I would.
The food her is OK. There are some items that are better than others. I have been to this location several times before and never really had any true issues with the customer service. That is, until the other night. I came for dinner seeking a quick meal to feed some picky eating kids. In total it was 2 adults and 4 children ages 2,5,6, and 10. The signage clearly states the prices. It lists adults $14.99, kids 5-10 $7.99. The cashier rings me up and the charges did not seem correct, I asked for a break down of the charges. She tells me 3 adults and 3 kids. I explained, I have 4 kids and they are all 10 or under. She became frustrated with me and began questioning the birthdate of the 10 year old. I felt it was inappropriate to ask that question. Do you need a birth certificate to dine her?  Needless to say due the disrespect and poor customer service, we decided to dine elsewhere. I will not be dining at this establishment ever again.
