I just had the most fabulous dinner with the most wonderful chefs! Tonight was opening night which I thought was yesterday.. I convinced a friend/coworker last minute to meet me for dinner. Her boyfriend and myself went for the omakase and she went for the *deal of the century* 3 rolls for $18. 
First let me discuss their menu..for dinner they offer a few different omakase(s) ranging from $58 up to over $100. Lunch is a little lighter starting at $20. They also have different hot dishes as well as al a carte options. I really thought I was going to need some of those with only a 12 piece omakase but I AM STUFFED. 
Since it was opening night, it was rather quiet with only a few other patrons filling up the sushi bar and a few curious neighbors popping in to see what's what. Our waitress was very attentive and opened our wine promptly. I noticed the ambiance was beautiful...with flickering candles lining the walls and a very faint music in the background. No one interrupts you..no one rushes you..they allow you to have the dinner experience you're looking for..but they somehow enhance it!!! 
Once the chefs knew we were ready to order the omakase they got straight to work! The sushi came at just the right pace and kept us in anticipation for the next piece. They do a fabulous job with their order of items. Some are mild while others are savory and others surprise you with an unexpected spice! Definitely a trip for your tastebuds!! We were lucky enough that they treated us to a few "on the house" courses!! THANK YOU!!
I highly..highly recommend Sakana for any evening (and please go for the omakase..you won't regret it!!). This is a wonderful spot for dates, intimate work dinners or casual evenings with friends and loved ones. Chef Sam makes small talk (interesting small talk) and you can tell they all have fun and take pride in their work. I felt privileged to dine here this evening and share a unique experience with great company. I will definitely be back..more often than not!!
Sakana bills itself as "the first affordable omakase restaurant in Philadelphia." Among the omakase options are the 12-piece Signature Omakase, the 10-piece Sashimi Omakase, and the 21-item Sakana Omakase that includes sushi as well as cooked dishes. Each of these omakase meals include premium cuts of fish not found in many sushi restaurants. My dinner companion, Chris W, and I were fortunate enough to have Chef Sam Lin, owner of Sakana, prepare our meals. Chef Lin has worked at Masa, Momoya, and Sushi by Bou in New York City.

We arrived early and were promptly seated. Chef Lin began by asking us if we had any food allergies or dislikes he needed to be aware of, so he can avoid using those ingredients. Our first course was a raw oyster topped with uzu foam, a refreshing way to prepare our palates for the courses ahead. Our second was the most perfectly delectable piece of sea bream I've ever had and this is coming from someone who has experienced Morimoto's $150 omakase 23 times. Our third and fourth courses were two kinds of mackerel. You haven't lived until you try mackerel this good. Usually, I am least impressed with mackerel on any sushi plate. These were very different. They actually tasted like fish and not fish jerky. We then moved on to our fifth course, baby squid, something you would normally not see at most restaurants that are not named Zama.

At this point, with all of the intricate preparation involving gently torching the fish, brushing the surface of the fish with a light coat of soy, and decorating it with anything from caviar to gold flakes, I could not help but compare Chef Lin's masterful techniques to the famed sushi master, Jiro Ono, in the documentary film, Jiro Dreams of Sushi.

"How the hell is he doing all of this for the price he's charging?" I wondered. Chef Lin's gentle, knowing smile leads me to believe that he enjoys what he does and that, my friends, makes for a chef's best meals! The familiar fish arrived next - Albacore, yellowfin, salmon, bluefin, toro, and a two-tuna combo - but each fish tasted quite different from what we were used to. "I age the fish from 7 to 30 days," Chef Lin said. "I'm the only one in Philadelphia who does this." I am a fish snob, having eaten fish in home-cooked multi-course Chinese dinners almost every day of my youth. In other words, every day was an omakase meal in my parents' home. Chef Lin is onto something with the aging process and I wish more sushi restaurants would learn his methods. Each fish was a melt-in-your-mouth experience and even something as simple as bluefin tuna had a complex flavor that tasted like it was well-seasoned, but without any sauces to mask the flavor of the fish. The grand finalé was the wagyu beef and sea urchin sushi, Chef Lin's play on surf and turf. The lightly seared wagyu danced on my tongue while the sea urchin covered it in a rich, buttery texture. It was sublime.

Every omakase meal is a little different. Since it's the chef's choice, expect to experience a random assortment of any of the following items: wagyu beef, sea urchin, scallops, baby squid, live shrimp, fresh fishes of the day, and more. Chris W was a bit skeptical of Sakana at first, but I told him to trust me. Chef Lin's omakase was course after course of bite-size deliciousness. His sushi is small, warm, and truly wonderful to behold and taste. I love the warm, perfectly seasoned rice, just the way sushi was meant to be eaten. If you are truly hungry after eating 12 pieces of Sakana sushi, you can always purchase additional pieces for reasonable prices. This is, after all, your omakase meal. Add on and customize as you wish.

Our additional courses were extraordinary. The live shrimp sushi is not to be missed. "Sometimes you can see the muscles moving," Chef Lin said of our shrimp sushi. The Hokkaido salmon is buttery soft and very different in taste and texture from the American salmon we were served in an earlier course. Give Sakana a try. You will be blown away!
Omakase sushi is actually hard to get in Philadelphia: the real kind, I mean, where you sit at a bar for 2 hours and get 20+ dishes. Morimoto has kind of a half-ass version of it, and you can try Royal Ginza if you can get a reservation (unlikely at the time you want one). In town briefly for a conference, I'd heard the buzz around Sakana and knew I had to try it with my BFF, the annoying Shoshana S.

DAMN! The place does not disappoint. We went for the full 21-course omakase, and it was delicious. Standouts are the crab thing in the four-course plate, the squid, the scallop, and the o-toro (fatty tuna). One special thing -- as the dude behind the counter will remind you plenty -- about Sakana is that they age the fatty tuna. I'd never had that before, but it tasted great, even better than non-aged. Gold standard!

P2P (price to portions) ratio isn't bad, but that said, you probably won't get full on 21 courses. We both had to get a couple extra hand rolls and dishes!

Internal decor is a cross between hole in the wall and no-frills upscale. Candles are in notches in the wall, laid out in a grid, looks like something from a seance (sp) or a Jordan Peele movie tbh.
While visiting Philly from NYC, we really wanted to like Sakana given what we heard about Chef Sam Lin's NYC sushi roots as well as the photos and reviews here, but, everything fell short of expectation and was disappointing. 

As we were about to be seated, we noticed that there were empty seats towards the middle of the bar and politely asked if we could sit there instead. The host, after conferring with another waitstaff (and presumably their reservations), came back and said it was ok. (Yay, front and center!) After the first course arrived (oysters with yuzu foam - which was delicious), we were then told that our current seats were reserved and thus, would have to move towards the end of the bar. The last 2 seats towards the kitchen have a poor view of the chef's preparations and are right next to their sink and preparation area. Why allow us to sit there despite after checking your system, and then tell us we would have to move after our course started. It wasn't a big deal but really poor communication by the wait staff which left a bad impression.

Next, we opted for the 21-course Omakase and only received 13 nigiri pieces instead of 14. We only discovered this after we looked at our photos. We also really expected a better selection of fish. Make no mistake, some of their non-sushi dishes were delicious and their use of aged fish (such as the mackerel) was unique and tasteful. However, for an Omakase at $108/pp (their highest priced option) for a party of 3, surely, we should've received a wagyu-uni piece right? How about salmon? Eel? No. The only thing to show for it was their signature "bowl" which contained a sliver of wagyu and some uni. (See photos attached). Moreover, our chef took out several pre-sliced fish and settled it on his preparation plate instead of taking the appropriate fish each time we finished a piece, which we found a little tacky.  I probably sound like a sushi snob right now, but I can assure you, I like and eat fish of all quantity or quality (provided there's not too much mercury in it). I just can't justify paying $108 for what we had, and wished we ordered the signature omakase ($58) instead. 

We also did not appreciate that there was an employee who was literally cutting open oysters on the side by the bar where we were seated (towards the kitchen) and chipping in during our conversation with the sushi chef.  Unfortunately, we were not served by Chef Lin, which probably would have made the experience better.

Don't get me wrong, Sakana has quality fish and has the right tools for an omakase. In fact, their shrimp and tuna tartar starter were amazing. However, the restaurant organization and selection of fish leaves a lot to be desired for a place trying to thrive as a timed Omakase spot.
Sakana opened earlier this year and described themselves as the first authentic omakase sushi restaurant in Philadelphia (not sure if this is true). Having experienced omakase in Japan, Hong Kong and NYC, I was really excited to try my first Philadelphia Omakasè. Walked in and got a decent vibe. It had wooden interior, dim lighting and soft asian instrumental music playing in the back ground. We made reservation online for the sushi bar to experience the full Omakasè experience. They sat us down on time, but not at the sushi bar! Confused since we specifically asked for the bar, we quickly asked the waitress why we were not seated at the bar. She said there will be a long wait, but if we like we can wait for it. This place only has about 12 seats at the sushi bar. Noticing people seated at the bar wont be leaving soon, and confirming this with the host, we agreed to the table. I wished we didn't because by the time the food came, which was a bit of a wait for an omakase... seats freed up at the bar and she didn't let us change seats.  Even though the seating arrangement isn't what I hoped, I kept my hope up for the sushi!

Food: We ordered two signature omakase (12 pieces $58 each), one premier omakase (15 pieces with other dishes $108) and a wagyu sandwich ($15)
. 
The quality of the fish was definitely above the avg from the standard Japanese restaurants Philadelphia. The scallop really stood out from the batch, as it went well with the sauce and ingredient on top. The sea urchin was fresh. The tuna was a bit off, probably because it was not fresh?

The assembly and presentation was not well done. One sushi was stuck on another piece of sushi's seaweed. And when I picked it up it fell apart. Why did they put them together like that?! Also one of sushi that came in the premier set, the fish was almost broken in half. it was still slightly connected. This was so shocking, I don't think this ever happen to me even at lower end sushi places. The chef should of saw this and made another one. 

We also ordered the wagyu sandwich. The toast was huge and done well, in between were tiny pieces of wagyu. the huge toast bland out the wagyu taste and I was unable to taste the wagyu . It was hard to judge the quality of the wagyu when I couldn't really taste it. I don't recommend getting this especially when it cost 15$. 

Service: The waitresses were nice, but got impatient with me when I asked for more information on the types of fish we get in the two sets. I think it's because she was stressed by the number was people waiting and trying to keep them happy / she didn't know the menu well. The way she responded to my types of fish question was by pointing to a la carte sushi listing on the menu and then threw out a couple of fish names in a way you can tell she was just naming things and not knowing whats in the sets. Then after naming 4/5 type of fish, she stopped herself and ended her response with "its chefs choice". Omakase does mean chefs choice, but she could of said that nicely. The bill came out to be around $75 a head, I thought it made sense to know what i am getting and if there as a difference in the two sets other than three more pieces plus side dishes. She could of ask the chef and came back with a proper response instead of throwing a tiny minor fit. 

Also, it was bit chaotic in there at times. One waitress would be heading over to tell me something, another waitress pull her abruptly to the side to tell her something. It made more sense to let her finish before just pulling her away.  

We also didnt get the ginger until we asked for it, which people at the sushi bar got right away and hand towels. Also some people got their jackets hung automatically by the host/waitress. No one offered that service to us. The sushi bar vs table got very different treatments. Please make sure to sit at the sushi bar if you go. 

Overall: This place earned two stars because the quality of the fish is fresh/decent, but you can't just have fresh fish. There is more to that, the techniques in cutting the fish, assembly, the aromas must be well balanced etc. In an omakase "each bite is made to eaten immediately". I don't think I experienced that tonight. 

The sushi chef (owner i think) realized we weren't too happy and provide each of us with one of his signature dish and one extra dessert. Thank you!
Truth be told, I was underwhelmed with Sakana.

Had omakase reservations - we opted for the 21-piece/$108/"70-minute" omakase, and were told upon seating that if we wanted to order more pieces, we would be moved from the sushi bar to a sit-down table. 

Sam was our sushi chef. With each piece of nigirizushi, he told us how many days it had been aged. Literally each one. He seemed nice and tried to make conversation with us - but I have to say the omakase felt incredibly rushed and he seemed a little careless in terms of presentation. While he prepared the last piece for the couple next to us, my husband noticed that the sea urchin was sliding off of the nigiri. When my husband told him about it, he said he would give the sushi to the clients in their hands. We watched as he almost nearly flung the nigiri into the woman's hand, uni slipping off and falling onto the glass. (What a waste of perfectly good uni.)

Some cuts of fish were thicker than others; it wasn't uniform. While I liked the fish, I wasn't a fan of the rice - which is soaked in red vinegar. The nigiri wouldn't hold together that well.

The kaiseki (4 piece bento box) was decent. Considering the omakase only provides for 14 pieces of nigiri, the kaiseke seems to act as a bit of filler. The duck taco and crab salad were my favorites.

The one thing that really bothered me was that there was a utensil holder that the chef used every now and then that held food prep items (spoons, chopsticks) as well as PENS and RUBBERBANDS. WHY?!?? Definitely wasn't a fan of this. 

One of the "fancier" pieces of nigiri that included caviar and gold leaf was much skimpier than similar nigiri that I've had at a neighboring sushi bar run by a James Beard award semi-finalist. 

A young group sat at the bar next to us, and we overheard them chatting with their sushi chef who claimed that Sakana was "the only omakase sushi in Philly." No, you're not. Sorry to break it to you. 

Service was ok. Kind of casual/bare bones in terms of decor and ambience, but if you want a budget omakase, it fits the bill. 

After ordering a few extra pieces, our bill was pretty similar to their competition. Overall OK, but I've had better.
3/8 update - Ridiculous!!!!! Accusing a real restaurant diner to be a frustrated employee instead of taking on a feedback. Attaching ika which was hard to chew, salmon paper thin plus not fresh, and cold unagi to prove that I am a real restaurant diner. 

I am a sushi lover and enjoy Omakasè along with la carte orders. I am writing this review as this place has been by far, the worst sushi experience in my life. I do not want others to ruin a night out and waste time plus money. Walking into the place, the bizarre atmosphere and unprofessional demeanor of the chef made me worry. My intuition was proven right - each piece of fish was paper thin and the quality of the fish was so bad. I would claim that any nigiri ordered from an all you can eat sushi place might actually be much better than what we were served for our signature Omakasè. If you are a sushi lover, avoid this place by all means.
I just left Sakana and my stomach isn't the happiest right now. This was my first time having Omakasè style sushi and mid way through dinner, my stomach started hurting, which is a signal that the fish that they serve isn't very fresh. I'm very disappointed. 

When the fish isn't handled properly, it will have a fishy taste, which is what most of the fish that they served tasted like - fishy and masked with soy sauce so no one can tell that their fish isn't fresh. They either used soy sauce, lemon, spritz yuzu juice to mask the fishy taste. Fresh fish should taste light and clean. Just looking at the fish on the display was questionable. When the chef placed the sushi on the tray it was very sloppy. He never once wiped the tray after each piece. As I was watching him cut the sushi and wagyu, his knife skills were questionable lol. The chef says they age the fish for 7 days, so the fish we ate was from last week. They must have not aged it properly in my opinion 

Overall, I have a lot of mixed feelings about this place, especially the chef that served us but I'm not going to go into too much detail about that. Just do your research guys. Forgot to mention, we opted for the 21 piece course which is $108 per person. Definitely not worth it for the price! Both me and boyfriend left the restaurant with a stomach ache. I would not come here again. I won't even recommend this place to my friends or family. No pictures for this review because I'm not happy about this place. 

We're going to buy a cheeseburger because this $280 meal didn't fill us up.
This was the worst Omakasè I've ever had. The pictures must be from a different chef. My sister, uncle and I came for Omakasè upon seeing the great reviews. The chef was so new to making sushi and it was very obvious. The rice was falling apart as we tried to pick up each piece of nigiri. The proportions of the rice and fish were so so bad. Tiny slices of fish.
This was my first omakase experience in the US, and it was definitely interesting. Sakana itself is quite small and unassuming from the outside, and the bar seated about 8 when I went. Making a reservation on Resy was very easy!

Pros:
- a good amount of courses! I came feeling very hungry and left feeling full but not to the point where it was uncomfortable.
- All the fish was super fresh, nothing tasted fishy at all! I liked everything I ate, and it was cool seeing it prepared in front of me.
- My favorite things were the sweet shrimp with uni sauce, scallop, and actually the tofu dessert at the end! The chef said they make the tofu in house and it has aloe powder, which gives it a mochi like texture!

Cons:
- Service was wonderful, but at the end of the meal they told us the credit card reader wasn't working and told us ATMs were nearby. Neither of us had debit cards on us so we had to resort to Chase Zelle to pay; I wish they had informed us of this in the beginning!
- The place was very quiet, so it was kinda weird having small talk. I kinda wish I could've talked more to the chef!

During COVID they are doing a set $128 price instead of the usual prices, but I think its good to support a small business. I want to try some of the other omakase places in philly!
My first Omakasè experience was very average. I went with a party of 6  a few weeks ago. It was either a Friday or Saturday night and we made a reservation but we still had to wait at least 15min to be seated .. we went their pretty late about an hour before their closing time. Their service was good but I felt very rushed while eating. We got the signature Omakasè and there were times where they would bring two sushi pieces on the plate. There were some pieces where the yuzu was very overpowering and made it too sweet. I think i would've enjoyed going to a nice sushi restaurant and spend my money there.
Worst omakase ever.... i went there few weeks ago with my friend and I had to write this review for others. We had the signiture omakase. The size of sushi is very very small and the the fish did not seem very fresh at all!!! After having 12 sushi, I felt like I just had one appetizer. I would never waste my money here again...

P.s. i never worked there so I have no idea why the owner is calling me a frustrated ex-employee. But I guess you have a bad work place and you just proved that! I now even want to take out that one star I gave. Very very disappointing.
Been there 5 times at this point, so I think I have a pretty good understanding of their fish now. 

Let's put it this way, if you want the elegant fancy vibe, then probably in Philly you should try to go to Hiroki, they have nice Japanese decor with specially made door by Japanese architect too. However, that been said, they have 1-2 chef actually can  cut the fish and then they lay a tone of sliced fish on a tin plate, for a longgg time. ( For Omakase this is not ok ) They also have to charge you accordingly for the fancy decor and their 200k  liquor licenses right? I know liquor licenses cost way too much in Philly, which is why there are so many BYOB spots. The fish is definitely NOT fresher than SAKANA, but service in  Hiroki is definitely better. Plus you definitely get fuller at Hiroki ( for minimum of $450 per 2 people) Not because they give you better or more fish, but they give you a ton of rice and rice wraps. But if you are ok for not as fresh fish, but just more rice for that price, go ahead friend :) 


Let's put it this way, if you are one of those people want Omakasè once or twice a year, and really care about the decor. Go to Japan or at least Masa in Nyc. If you are real fish lover and would prefer to at least eat Omakasè couple of times per month, then Sakana is the best for the best fish and actual food you can get. It doesn't have Japanese Heated toilet, but the fish is the freshest from the chef's knife to your plate, not sitting on the counter for 15min.
Was very excited to try Sakana but was very disappointed.  Had a reservation for 7:30 on a Saturday night. We arrived a bit early, so waited for about 10 minutes, but we were seated shortly after 7:30, which was not a problem. We ordered the small Omakasè with the intention of ordering other sushi a la carte, which I advised the waitress at the start. She said she would bring the menu back later. Upon finishing the 12 pieces, which were tasty, but small, I advised the chef and the waitress that we wanted to order more food a la carte. I was told that we could not order more food because there were people waiting. Mind you that it was 8:15 at this point. I advised the chef that we had only been there for 45 minutes, and he said that is the time we were allotted. Meanwhile, there was a group of 6 people next to us at the sushi bar who were well into their meal when we arrived and were still seated.  I advised the chef of that, and he eventually relented allowing us to order more food, which we did, but I felt awkward at that point, and the rest of the meal was made much less enjoyable.

The meal was $265 before tip. Enough said. I will not be returning to Sakana. Royal Sushi offers a similar Omakasè. While it is more expensive, the quality is heads and shoulders above Sakana, and I was not rushed out the door after spending a lot of money. Royal has 3 seatings on a Saturday night- 6 PM, 8 PM and 10 PM. Sakana will need to implement something like this if it wants to succeed. I'll be spending my money elsewhere in the future.
Chef Sam and Kenny gave us a wonderful 21 piece Omakase. This was some of the tastiest, creative, and unique sushi we've ever had. Some highlights include the Uni bowl, mixed with Salmon roe, and Toro. Most of their fish has been aged for at least a week and you can taste the difference with each bite. Highly recommend this place. For the same quality in NYC, you can expect to pay at least twice the price.
The sushi speaks for itself! We had the pleasure of eating the 22-course omakase with the very best, sushi chef/owner, Sam. Some of the highlights of our meal include: 
1. Kumamoto oyster foam
2. Toro caviar with gold flakes 
3. The Peking duck taco and yellowtail ceviche 
4. Ebi sweet shrimp with uni paste
5. Uni (sea urchin) bowl topped with Wagyu beef
6. New Zealand salmon

Making reservations was very easy and prompt and he was so thoughtful and attentive with our questions/requests! We haven't dined out much due to covid, but chef Sam addressed all of our concerns. Probably one thing we can appreciate is that it was also a private dining experience -- bc of covid, they are only accommodating one party in-house at a time so it is crucial to contact them for reservations. Considering all those factors, it was an absolute TREAT to watch Chef Sam work his magic in front of us. It was my gf's first time experiencing Omakase and it did not disappoint one bit; the bar has been set quite high for our sushi dates, now! There wasn't one bite we didn't like. Thank you so much again!
This is my favorite sushi restaurant in Philadelphia! The fish is so fresh and cooked well. The price is also fair for Omakase. Definitely would try again with friends.
This is the BEST sushi in Philadelphia!  My wife and I have had our share of omakases, both in Philly (Morimoto, Royal Izakaya, Doubleknot) and in NYC (Sushi Nakazawa, Kousaka, Tanoshi Sushi) and I can definitely say this place is world class, and at half or quarter of the cost of some of the places above. 

They are very innovative in their approach, but holding on to a true understanding and respect for traditional Edo-style sushi, especially in regards to the rice.  We were lucky enough to have their kama-toro (fatty tuna back cheek... considered superior to otoro) topped with otoro and caviar, which was seriously perspective changing.  They also age their sushi, which brings a completely different dimension to the texture and mouthfeel of the sushi.  Our chef (who I think runs the place) was proud of his 12-day aged otoro, which was abso-f**king-lutely unbelievable... I was sad with each second that passed, as the flavor slowly disappeared.  

Other standout pieces include the ebi with uni paste (seriously wtf, feeling the ebi sort of "pop" in your mouth while the deep umami of the uni leaves you in bliss... we ordered a second piece), their wagyu uni (wagyu, seared topped with a beautiful piece of uni... we also ordered a second piece of this), their homemade ankimo (monkfish liver, considered the "fois gras of the sea"), and the uni/shiso tempura bowl with squid ink foam.  

I will say, I think their service needs to improve if they want to do justice to the caliber of their sushi, but it was all forgivable considering the quality of the food.  They are seriously a gem and I selfishly hope they remain low enough profile so I don't have to fight for reservations.  If you want a world-class omakase experience, take the time to have your mind blown at Sakana.
Ok, I'm not a disgruntled ex employee, so business owner please don't use that as a counter argument for this review. I went here with my fiancé and indeed the sushi pieces were small. What was most astonishing is that the fish were pre-sliced, I don't think I've ever seen that at a quality sushi restaurant, particularly at an establishment charging exorbitant prices. The rice was falling apart as well, and the staff seemed keen on churning out the low quality product for a higher table turnover rate, hence the warning for a 70 min cap for their top-level, and I use that term loosely, Omakasè offering. The only extra star is for the chef who was nice.
Sakana is an Omakase style Japanese restaurant in Philadelphia's Queen Village neighborhood.  The current menu is either an $88 or $138 Omakase offering, which includes appetizers, nigiri, sashimi, a "special" bowl, and dessert.  

The room is small and intimate, which is nice, and has both a traditional sushi bar and a few tables.  For the best experience, the sushi bar is ideal, as it gives the diner the traditional Omakase service, in which you're interacting directly with the chef preparing your selections.  

This is a BYOB, and they have only unsweetened tea and water for beverages, so bring your own hard or soft drinks if you'd like.  The room is very basic, and while it's not unattractive, it's just...very basic and austere.  The soup and appetizer selections were good, but all had an unusual sweetness that was not balanced by a salty and umami flavor.  This was a common theme for all the hot/cold (non-sushi dishes).  

The sushi and sashimi selections were varied, and I found them very fresh and flavorful.  The raw cockle clam was one I'd not had before, and the aged toro was certainly a standout.  They had several mackerel selections, which are a favorite of mine, and both were very good.  

The rice they use is room temperature to slightly warm, which is a great style in my opinion, though I found the flavor a bit lacking.  The saucing of the fish pieces was also a bit light, and I would have liked a bit more flavor in the soy they use, and accompaniments.  

They provide instructions as to how to eat some of the selections, especially the appetizers and the finale, which was an uni, ikura, kobe, and quail egg bowl.  This is common, however the server actually stood behind me and kept telling me I wasn't doing it to her specifications.  This was overbearing, and a bit uncomfortable.  

The desert was two types of slightly sweet tofu with a sweet syrup.  The texture was very unusual, very pasty, and while it was OK, it wasn't great.  It also could have used a bit more flavor/sweetness for a dessert.  

Overall, this was a very nice dinner, and I'd return to see how a more post-COVID experience would be.
After hearing about this place, we finally decided to give it a try. We love sushi especially omakase! However.. my fiancé and I was disappointed after leaving here.

We made reservations at 6:30pm but got there at 6pm. We were the first ones there and was able to get seated right away which was great.. and basically had the whole restaurant to ourselves for an hour before more customers came. That's strange..

The fish was okay. There were couple of fish we never tried before. Most of the fish was torched.. guess it was worth the experience but not really worth the money and time.
Good Sushi.

Very disappointed as my first experience. Schedule an reservation at 8pm at the bar. arrived 7:45pm. She gave us a table. Ok no big deal. But when a group of people left. I asked to move there. She instead gave it to another group that came after us. 

The Wagyu beef sandwich ($15) is not worth it. Do not order it. The meat is super tiny with a really thick pc of bread. I could barely taste it. 

We had to request for the sushi to be brought to us pc by pc. I am not an expert but isn't it suppose to serve right away because the rice is at the perfect temperature. There were also many gaps in between when they served us the sushi. I thought the chef is suppose to make another one right after we eat it. We also had to remind them to give us ginger. The ginger is suppose to clean out the taste from the last pc of sushi. 

If you are looking for better than normal Sushi come here. If you are looking for a omakase experience like I saw from shows and youtube (lol) dont come here.
Top notch quality and flavor. For the price $58, this is way way better omakase than other ones , probably the best I had in Philadelphia. the chef knows what he is doing , so for someone enjoy omakase, you will not regret. This is not the place you will bring empty belly, this is the place to open and activate your taste bud !
Definitely a place you need reservations for on a weekend evening. Small restaurant with sushi bar seating of approx. 12 and only three tables. Very traditionally Japanese in that way and for the smaller omakase menu you can probably get in and out in 30 mins.

Delicious meal and for $55 per head for the smaller of the omakase options. It was only 12 pieces, so we ordered 4 more a la carte and got some dessert to round it out.

The fish was really fresh and the pieces thoughtfully composed. Some people might complain the fish is cut too thin or that pieces were too small, but it is clearly intentionally done to achieve the proper mouth feel. With each bite the rice immediately falls apart in your mouth and melts with the fish to make for complex flavors.

The pieces walked the line between traditional and playful. The rice was more flavorful and vinegary, as opposed to sticky and sweet like most US customers are likely used too, which is more traditional. But a pinch of charcoal salt, a squeeze of the lemon, or a dollop of yuzu foam is what made it a little more playful.

Chefs were friendly and chatted briefly before the mad rush came in a little after 7. Then it was all business. Wait staff was very attentive. 

I will say that this is probably not my once a month a place or "go-to" place due to the price, but that the the quality and experience definitely makes it a worthy "night out" kind of place. It would be roughly $165 for me and my wife to get out of there feeling full. There are a few other places in Philly where the quality is slightly behind Sakana, but that I would get more quantity for say $120. Overall, a great experience and I will definitely be returning, next time with some sake since it is BYOB.
Came a second time for dinner with two others and each got the premier omakase. I had made a reservation online through resy. 

Got there on time and was promptly seated. Everything was great and tasted super fresh. The rice could have been a little tighter though as a couple of times the pieces fell apart, but the quality of the fish and seafood was great. 

I would recommend early or late instead of the middle as the place was super full around 7, and our meal felt kind of rushed at the end which kind of ruins the experience. 

But all in all, I'll be around probably more for lunch as the food here is pretty good :)
Food: duck taco was a great addition the omakase! The bite size sushis are refreshing to say the least! The meal is great value for $58 and their team is very passionate about the food which is always a plus.

Environment: this little joint, although small, really makes it a cozy environment. It makes the focus all on the food rather than any flashy designs.


Cost: perfect for the value of an omakase. Nearby places cost $150/person.

Tip: get the toro and uni pieces!!!
The $108 set menu is NOT worth the money.  This is Not a premium sushi restaurant. 

1. The first course there is a toast, the server dropped one of our bread right in front of us and just pick it up put it on our plate like nothing happened. We were speechless. 

2. The 21 course set menu  composite of all cold dish, seriously? There is no hot tea, no soup, no hot entree. Very bad course design. 

3. Rice and fish does not blend together,  sauce is weak and certain fish does not taste very fresh. rice is also subpar, too tangy. 

As a sushi lover, this restaurant should set the 21 course menu price at around $30-$50 instead of $108. 

Not worth the price
Sakana feels like a hidden gem in the rough. It's located in a small, narrow space off of Headhouse Square and the interior is not stunning; it feels a bit budget, like one of those small family type restaurants one wanders into down a narrow alley in Tokyo or Hong Kong. But ultimately, omakase is about the sushi, and the sushi here is really special.

The first time I went, we had Calvin (sp?) as our sushi chef. He's still working on his English, but the Canto-speaking people in our party found out that he's worked at some very good places over in Hong Kong. And his skills show it - the way he treats the fish is meticulous and respectful. The second time, we had Sam, who was friendly and skillful as well. 

The lightly charred sweetfish (ayu), which Calvin said was his favorite and which was a totally new fish for me, was very, very good. Sam's favorite is the aged toro, which is expertly aged for 40 days. There was another nigiri where the fish was cut so thinly, it was translucent, and it was overlaid in such a way that the silver edges looked like running water in a stream. Truly beautiful. There were so many lovely flavors going on - some pieces had a slight char from the blowtorch, some had a sweet glaze while others were more savory, and little details, like a touch of chives, a strip of white seaweed, or a sprinkling of grated egg yolk, added unexpected dimension that all contributed to highlighting the natural flavor of the fish.

I also really enjoyed the kaiseki; while it wasn't traditional at all, every little plate presented a different flavor profile, from spicy gochujang to sweet sesame, yet they all really worked together.

Sakana is BYOB and the staff was kind enough to provide us with a cute little ice bucket. Our server, Tony, was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, clueing us into the painstaking process that the chef goes through each morning to make the tamago cake, which is the best I've had in Philly. 

We opted for the $108 omakase and felt the price was more than justified by the quality of what we received. And every time we've walked out, we've felt like we just had an incredible meal made by neighborhood friends, which is all I could ever ask for in a sushi restaurant.
Sakana is definitely one of the rare omakase places in philly provides the most delicious meal. The price of the food here is really amazing and the chef Lin apply his NYC experience and creative culinary on our sushi dish. I highly recommend this place :)
*HIGHLY RECOMMEND*

If you are broke like I am but still bougie and want to experience omakase, this is the perfect place for that. Sakana offers an affordable omakase experience that starts only at $58. The place itself was small, with a 12-seat bar. Would recommend making reservations. My favorite part of the experience besides the food is the expanding towel. There is a little dry paper capsule that you put into this small groove of water and watch the capsule expand into a wet mini towel. I was AMAZED!!!!! Would definitely go back and try the $108 omakase. 


*DINNER*
Signature Omakese

This comes with 12 pieces of nigiri sushi and so far, it is the best I've had. If you dislikes any fish they give you, they will make you something else; but honestly, I enjoyed every piece. Everything was really fresh and tender. The chef recommended using our hands to eat so we can flip the sushi upside down and have the fish touch our tongue first before the rice. This way, we can enjoy the true, original taste of the fish before the rice overwhelms it. We had oyster with ponzu foam, mackerel, hamachi, otoro, scallops, ikura, salmon, tuna, snow crab, waygu beef with uni, and 2 more that I forgot. The oyster with ponzu foam and the waygu beef with uni were my favorites. One of the fish had caviar and edible gold, which made me feel very fancy~

Also, don't forget to check in to yelp and receive free ice cream!!

*VERDICT*
I would 100% go back again and try their ultimate omakase!!!
Great fresh sushi with an excellent variety during the omakase. We had salmon, eel, scallop, roe, mackerel, albacore,  maguro, otoro, wagyu, uni, sweet shrimp, and more. Every piece was fresh and flavorful. Great deal for the quality and cuts you get for the price. The chef served us super quickly - think we were done in like 10-15 minutes since we were the only ones there. Ordered some extra pieces and hand rolls on the side based on what we liked. The chef also made us a special dish with roe, tempura, uni, caviar and squid ink - soooo good! Tasted like one of those dishes you would get at a fancy fine dining restaurant. Definitely recommend to check this place out if you have the chance!
Fantastic experience and great sushi for a relatively reasonable price! 
There's a 2 menu,signature and sakama omakase,

It's only 12 seats, so make sure to get a reservation since they seat everyone at once.
It would theoretically be possible to walk in at the start of an omakase service and be seated if it wasn't full,
but it's just as easy to make a reservation. We got one for 7:15 the next day (Saturday) because of a cancellation.

We arrived for our reservation but little bit early. 

Once the previous group had cleared out, everyone for 7:15 was seated.

and chef ask us if there was anything we were allergic to or didn't like.
I don't eat red meat so I opted to substitute the wagyu for a piece of tuna.

The pieces are all pretty standard, but they do include Karma toro (better than fatty tuna) and uni. 
I'm not fan of uni, so chef change to foie gras instead of uni. The scallop with charcoal salt, the karma toro,  eel were highlights.
I would definitely come back here again!
If you're looking for good Omakasè (but don't want to spend $400 at Izakya - which is worth it by the way) this place is great!! We arrived for a 7:30 reservation and were not seated for about 20 mins after arrival, which could bother some people, but for us, we just cracked open our wine while we waited. There are 2 Omakasè options - the Signature which included 12 pieces for $58 or the Sakana Omakasè which includes 3 appetizers, a Daily special, 15 pieces, and a dessert for $108. We wanted to get 1 of each, however were told we both had to chose the same Omakasè option. As we prefer to fill up on fish rather than hot appetizers and dessert, we decided for the $58 option and then added additional pieces at the end. Every piece of fish was AMAZING. If I had one critique it is that I wish the rice was a little tighter. It fell apart with almost every piece that you picked up with your fingers. In addition to our Omakasè we ordered the Otoro hand roll which we both thought was the best item of the night, and the Daily Special which was a close second. We also asked the chef if there were any pieces of fish that were not on the menu that he recommended and had a few of those! Overall a great experience.
Went for lunch and got the omakase. Wow. Couldn't be better.  Excellent variety of fish including a piece a wagyu beef.  Scallop with tiny bits of charcoal on top was amazing and probably one of the most unique pieces of sushi I had in years. Sam is so genuine and makes you feel like your at your neighborhood spot. Queen Village is so lucky to get this.  Will be back for dinner ASAP.
We make resevation on New year Eve.
we order sakana omakase.
and we got toro cavair with texas toast for start,which is so yummy. 
the omakase Each piece was more delicious than the previous. 
 Sam (the omakase chef) was really nice and gave us special to tasted "20 days AGED OTORO",That's fantasty, i don't know fish can be aged,
 HIGHLY recommend you check this place out! May even win best sushi of the city.
WOW! If you want a sushi experience like the one you tasted in Japan, Sakana is the place to go. Hands down, the most authentic sushi restaurant in Philly. You will eat pieces of fish here that no other Japanese restaurant in Philly will have. The selection and freshness of fish is hands down the best in the city. The Toro is the best I had since returning from my trip in Japan. Melt in your mouth experience. Every piece of fish here was top notch. Follow there instagram at philly_sakana to see their fresh fish. Uni was out of this world also. Highly Recommend the Sakana Omakasè chef's menu. It's a 20 course meal worth every penny.  I will be
We came to discover Sakana through an article my husband had read about a chef alumnus of Masa in Manhattan, who was serving quality sushi at a budget price, so we had to go check it out. We didn't feel like stuffing ourselves that night, so we opted for the 12-course omakase dinner. This was a BYOB establishment and we forgot to bring any wine, but I'm kinda glad we didn't bring any since it allowed us to fully enjoy the sushi. At $58/person, we were first served with an oyster sitting in ponzu sauce, which was delicious and a great palate cleanser. This reminded me of a smaller version of what we have had before in a Japanese restaurant in New York that we loved. Some of the highlites of the omakase included wagyu beef topped with uni, fatty tuna, scallop and spot prawn sushi, but all 12 were amazingly good. Sakana is what Philadephia lacks and needs, and at $58/person, you really can't beat the price for the quality you are getting. If you're very hungry, I would recommend going for the premier omakase, you won't be shortchanged.
The overall experience was ok. There waitresses were nice, just a bit of a language barrier. We came as a group of 9 adults and 2 children. One of our friends were pregnant and they accommodated an Omakasè towards her diet, which I really appreciated. The portions were a bit smaller than expected. We all had the signature Omakasè dinner, except the children and one adult. A bit disappointing to leave hungry (good thing south st has a big variety of restaurants to pick from). The quality of fish was a little above average for philly. Maybe for an extra 40ish bucks the larger Omakasè dinner would have been better ? Or at least filling. 
It's funny how most of the reviews mentioned that the chefs are passionate about food and would talk about the fishes that they presented, every time a dish was presented by the servers they mumbled it and didn't give any type of description. I suppose it would have been a difference experience dining at the bar. Which is kinda upsetting.. shouldn't service be the same no matter where you sit? (Maybe that's something that the owner/chef should take account of for the future)

The chef offered the birthday boy dish signature dish from the menu which was very appreciated, thank you. 

I'm giving 3/5 due to the quality of fish and the accommodation toward my preggo friend. The bill ended up to be over 500$ Final opinion though, it's okay.

Sam L this is a reply towards your response- I did not say that I've been there before, I told you that my friends have been there before and suggested this restaurant. Also, I mentioned over the phone I don't know which Omakasè my friends would select and you said we could do a a small, large, or a mixture. If you have prepared for a large course Omakasè dinner, wouldn't that have been communicated to us? We opted to be seated towards a table because there were two children present and if you couldn't adapt an Omakasè dinner for a table then you should have told us.
Very cool place. It is the best sushi I have in Philly. The fish is fresh. I like the king salmon. The chef is very nice.
Awesome experience. One of the best sushi I have tried in Philly. Service was great!. Good job. Highly recommended!
Exquisite omakase. Sam is a super great host and very passionate. Have had omakase for twice the price elsewhere that wasn't as good. Can't wait to go back
Spectacular omakase experience at Sakana! Came here with a group of girls on a Sunday night after winning a free omakase dinner through an instagram raffle and I was beyond impressed! The chef made every effort to perfecg each piece of sushi and described the preparation and presentation. He even had us try fresh wasabi and offered extras not included in the omakase. Sakana really strives for excellence and Japanese authenticity. We later reviewed the menu and I was impressed with the fair price point for the quality. 

Look forward to coming back for omakase in the future! Philly was definitely missing a great omakase restaurant.
A welcome addition to the sushi and omakase scene in philly as well as the society hill/queen village area. 

The seating area is lovely decorated and has a very intimate vibe whether you go for either lunch or dinner. The bar seats 12 and there are a couple of small tables too so I imagine it gets pretty full once lunch or dinner time gets going. 

I went for lunch and was seated immediately. Everyone from the hostess to the sushi chefs were so polite and kind. Whether you've had experience with an omakase or not they'll walk you through it.

I got the lunch omakase which includes chefs choice 8 pieces of nigiri sushi and hand roll. Since I had just walked in from the cold they gave me a complimentary bowl of miso soup to warm up! I got bluefin tuna, king salmon, scallop, otoro salmon, salmon roe, chutoro salmon and the wagyu beef. Each piece of nigiri sushi was super fresh and melted in your mouth. At the end I was comfortably full. 

The other person who was there while I was there had the lady lunch which is two pieces of salmon and tuna nigiri, yellowtail ceviche, salmon roll, and rock shrimp. She said it was great. 

You can make reservations on resy and there is a link on their website to reservations.

So either way, they've made me a fan with their affordable prices for phenomenal sushi and their quiet location super close to me means I'll be back lots.
A nice addition to the budding omakase scene in Philly. The presentation of the fish feels a little rushed and I think the fish on display could be arranged a little neater. For high quality fish, the display case gives off the feel as if it is any run of the mill sushi restaurant, rather than a quality omakase. The chef is very friendly and the wait staff was attentive. The prices extremely reasonable too, especially for the fish they offer. I'm hoping they iron out their process in the next couple of months, one star off just for new restaurant kinks that can definitely be worked out.
Great experience again at the s 2nd street,The service is impeccable and the sushi is perfection!
YAN is the hostess with the mostess and helped me carry my suitcase up the stairs when I left. I started with a complimentary cup of sake which was a gift from Tuesday at Handies by Bou.
Here's what was on the omakase menu tonight
Hamachi-Yellowtail With chives
Akamai-lean tuna from spain
Chu toro-medium fatty tuna
Botan Ebi-spotted prawn with uni paste  so good
Ikura-salmon roe (eggs) which I opted out on
albacore Bincho Maguro with ponzu sauce
scallop from hokkaido with black charcoal salt very sweet !!!
Uni - sea urchin come from california
Karma-toro-fatty Tuna which is colar part of tuna
king salmon with yuzu is little bit spicy
Eel which was a little bit charred perfectly to eat
I am totally addicted to sakana sushi and wish i can live near by!!
thank you give me best experience!!
If I was only allowed to use one word to describe sakana omakase sushi, it would be: AMAZING.                                                                              
                                                                                Our sushi chef was Chef sam, who was sweet, informative, and friendly. He seemed to love his job and be an expert at his craft. While there is seating for twelve , there are two sushi chefs and Chef Tony exclusively served our four-some. I cannot begin to express in words the magic that was the omakase. Let's start with the sushi rice: it was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Every piece of fish was bright and fresh and perfectly paired with a small condiment, be it charcoal, truffle salt, wasabi, or some other delight. One of my favorite pieces was the wagyu beef with uni, which Chef sam blowtorched in front of us. 
  I could not have been more impressed by the level of service and quality of food. The only negative is that now I've been thoroughly spoiled and can't possibly eat sushi anyplace else.
My first omakase experience and it did not disappoint!!! The staff was friendly and attentive. BYOB. We sat at the bar and ordered the premier omakase. It was only $88 (not $120 as originally priced). I don't consider myself an adventurous eater, but only skipped one dish. Some courses were cooked slightly with a blow torch, which was a cool to see. It was soooo good. Still thinking about it days later.

Note: omakase is supposed to be eaten with your hands. There is a stone with a little white sponge and water to clean your hands before eating. Figured that out halfway through the meal :)
Disappointed place ! Wait for 30 mins ! We reserved for the bar at 9:30 won't have sit till 10:00 ! Same sushi as you can get from any restaurant!  The chef was rude  to push to get the $ 108 Omakasè (I think he the boss ) and there is a smaller Omakasè which is 58$! ! The server was polite and when we tip , we found out the sever will get nothing from the tip !
This is a good place if you love sushi but don't want to shell out a couple hundred dollars for an omakase experience. My friend and I came as soon as it opened on a Sunday evening. There was only one other couple there and we had our own chef (who was the owner) prepare the sushi for us. It was a very intimate setting and I enjoyed learning about the different techniques used that differentiate Sakana's omakase from other similar budget options.

The sushi was fantastic! My friend and I did the basic omakase which was $60 each. We also ended up ordering a nigiri on top of that since we were still hungry. I wouldn't say we left full but for the price, it was a good deal! Greatly recommend for people who want to experience how sophisticated sushi can be without breaking the bank!
This might be the most "I don't want to write  because I want to keep it all to myself" moment. The omakase at Sakana is an amazing value, especially as a BYO. The two of us did one of the smaller version and one of the bigger (extra cooked plates & dessert but same nigiri) and shared. Everything was so fresh, paced right, and served with a smile. The uni on beef is obviously a winner, as is the bowl of toro, ikura, and uni over rice. Swoon!
NOM NOM Omakase! One of the best place for omakase in Philadelphia! The fish here was super fresh and went more of a traditional route than the omakase I'm usually used to. My favorites were the Uni, Sweet Shrimp and Scallop. We also ordered the duck and fois gras taco which was SO delicious! Ate it too quick for a pic :/

I love the small space here which makes it private and intimate, yet still had the traditional Japanese vibe. They offer a large selection of fish at a very reasonable set pride of $58! What I really love about this place is that all the chefs here are very passionate and very descriptive about every piece they served. 

Not my favorite Omakase of all time, but it was indeed a great meal with good service. The small pieces makes me crave for a bigger piece!! Also, if you've never had O-toro before or refuse to try it, you must try it here!!
We had the Signature Omakasè (12 pieces chef choice; $58/person). Everything was amazing for that price point. The Chef and staff could be more attentive. I'm a lefty, but the placement of ginger dish was set to the right. We've been to fancier places and small details like that was noticed immediately. Remember to check in for free ice.
It's decent. Went in a Thursday, no wait time. Inside the place looks very nice, they also have dehydrated towelettes. We got the signature 12 course, which means 12 pieces of fancy assembled sushi which were pretty cool and fairly tasty. Don't expect to be full after eating here, it's more for the experience. Kind of wish our server could have gone into a bit more detail on the sushi and the background of omakase. Won't come again until my income is higher, but if you want to try it once i would recommend here!
We found this place when looking for sushi in Philly on a whim. We just got omakase in NYC a couple weeks back so we weren't sure what to expect. It definitely exceeded all of our expectations! The fish was very fresh and delicious with a very unique variety. We even got a delicacy that's only been in season for 2 days! The staff was super responsive and the chef gave us a extra tasting of awesome uni, which is my fav! The dessert we got was a green tea sandwich with dried cranberries and that's was the cherry on top. 

Would definitely recommend to anyone who'd like to try omakase! And even their normal sushi line is great as well!
4-Stars but definitely potential for a higher rating on my next visit. Some new restaurant growing pains but they should be easy to fix. I ordered the 21 course Omakase for about $110 per person.

Pro's

- The fish is excellent, incredibly fresh and they have a wide selection of fish on the menu. Top 3 in Philadelphia for sure. I will be back soon given the excellent quality and unique offerings.

- The Omakase is cheaper relative to the city leader Royal Sushi.

- Still relatively easy to get reservations during weekend seatings

Con's

- They don't sell alcohol but have BYOB. Never been a fan of BYOB, I rather buy from the restaurant directly.

- Our sushi chef was obviously new or a temp as he was not allowed to cut the sushi, the other chef had to do it for him. He also kept forgetting to tell us about the Omakase courses (i.e. what type of fish he was serving).  The other chef serving the other half of the sushi bar provided detailed commentary about each course. Part of the Omakase bar seating experience is the interaction with the chef and half the customers at the sushi bar received a very different experience.

- I thought the restaurant design and atmosphere was a little plain.

Bottom line - Excellent quality sushi will bring me back soon. Give it a try before reservations become difficult to get. Sakana does need to up their game when it comes to the Omakase experience and interaction with their customers - this is required to compete directly with the city's best Royal Sushi.

BK
This is omakase sushi as omakase sushi should be.  Chef Sam is an artist drawing upon different styles of nigiri sushi from New York to Tokyo and remixing them into his own culinary story.  I recently just travelled to Japan and ever since I've been back, I've been trying to recreate that sushi high, and no other Philly restaurant has come as close as Sakana.  The rice is perfectly textured and vinegared to bring out the best flavors of the fish.  Sam is very creative in his pairings to make sure each nigiri piece has its own distinct flavor profile from smokey-sweet to melt-in-your-mouth fatty!  He even does aged sushi, which brings out the umami flavors of the fish.  I highly recommend this - you just have to be ready to trust the Chef and try everything he serves you.  You won't regret it!
Get in here now...you won't get in three months from now.  It takes a pair of stones to open an Omakase joint a stone's throw from Royal Iz, but these guys pull it off.  Intimate, small BYO atmosphere.   Focus is on quality fish flown in from Japan.   Incredibly knowledgable staff informing on each bite.   Just stupid good for the price.
My friend and I ended up here on a quiet Tuesday early evening. We had read that this new sushi place had opened up in the neighborhood. At first, I was hesitant about going in just because it was empty at 6:45pm, but I'm so glad we did. The place is small with most of the seating grouped around the sushi bar. We tried the Omakasè nigiri menu for $58. The sushi that was prepared for us was delicious, and the chef chatted with us, explaining his method which combines both "old school" and the New York style of sushi. He also explained the aging method for some of his sushi (I had no idea that certain fishes can be aged), and then we tried his aged mackerel and it was divine! I liked everything we had. The sushi combined both inventive and classic methods. I also liked the low key, relaxed vibe of the place. It was upscale dining without the upscale pretensions. The chef was also very accommodating to us esp. since my friend had a shellfish allergy and I didn't like certain things. He catered the Omakasè to our preferences. We'll be back whenever we want a good sushi fix. And the sushi bar was filled by the time we finished our meal!
My friend took me to this small but amazing place.
The chef Sam has been doing sushi for many years. He told us he worked in a three star Michelin restaurant in New York before. My waitress was all smiles and very attentive! I will recommend the O-toro with Uni paste, the best I've ever had. Affordable price for the high quality sushi,I will definitely come back.
Stumbled across this gem while I was in Philadelphia and it didn't disappoint. Restaurant had a great variety of high quality and extremely fresh fish such as blue fin tuna, chu-toro, o-toro, king salmon etc. The highlights for me were the AA Grade California uni on top of Waygu beef, Manhattan, extra crispy fresh water eel, scallop with fresh wasabi, and botan shrimp with uni. Chef Joe and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Would definitely come back.
I got the Sakana omakase option for the night. I expected the nigiri to be the best part about the dinner, but I was proven wrong. The best part was the appetizer platter we received in the beginning (shown in picture). In the platter, the snow crab was extremely flavorful and we were given a generous amount, the chicken skewers were chewy and soft, the vegetables were topped with delicious sauce, and the sashimi was fresh. In addition, we also had an appetizer with raw oyster topped with yuzu foam, which was honestly one of the best plates as well. The reason why I gave this place a four is because I expected the actual nigiri to be the best part of the dinner but I was a little let down. The fish itself was extremely rich in flavor, fresh, and torched to perfection, but there was barely any soy sauce or any sauce for that matter in the nigiri, which made the nigiri a little bland. I really wished they put some more soy sauce in the nigiri because if they did, the nigiri would be perfect. However, the nigiri piece that saved the day was the one that we ordered on the side. It was the raw shrimp nigiri that was topped with uni; the shrimp was just so scrumptious and melted in my mouth perfectly. Overall, this was a very enjoyable dinner and if you do come here, paying in cash will be cheaper (they give a nice discount).
We had the omakase. Go somewhere else. I learned the hard way that there's no such thing as "budget omakase," that is good. And we certainly got much less than what we paid for. 

(1) Food:Chef was sick. He kept wiping his nose on his hands while he was making our sushi. It was disgusting.
(2) Food: Sushi / sashimi pieces were very small. We had to eat another meal after (somewhere else). Also, they gave us kind of an odd selection of fish, which makes one wonder if they serve whatever is the cheapest catch of the day.
(3) Service: We asked for soy sauce. They refused to give it to us because they said that they put it on the fish themselves. I prefer traditional sushi, so this wasn't great.
(4) Advice: There were no other customers. There's no reason to make a reservation on Resy. (They charge you $30 per person for canceling if you don't cancel with more than 24 hour notice.) 
(5) Service: When we didn't want to eat something, the chef kept yelling at us to eat it. I personally don't like this level of personalized attention at a restaurant. Also, I think he tries to tell you what they are serving, but the person's English & Japanese is not great, so it's impossible to know what they are serving. Maybe if you speak Chinese, then you might have a better experience?
(6) The "vibe" is not good. 

Bill:
There are also two surprises when you get the bill at the end. (1) They charge you $5 for fresh wasabi (without telling you that they will at any point in the meal or on the menu). Wasabi should be included in the price. This is disingenuous. (2) They ask you to pay in cash and offer a small discount (5%?)
I'm such a lover of sushi and sashimi, but this was my 1st time trying omakase! Sakana is definitely a more affordable but still high-quality omakase in Queen Village.

Atmosphere: 12-seat bar right in front of the chefs, and a few other tables around. I went with a group of 5, and booked for a weekday 6:30pm - not too packed, and audible conversation across the bar. Clean feel - when you're seated, you can drop in a small "token" into a slot of water, and it expands into a mini towel! I was amazed.

Food: Sashimi omakase - great variety of some of the freshest sashimi I've had! The sushi omakase also was very well-paced: we got all the sushi in ~45 minutes, and then chose to order some more appetizers afterwards (appetizers came out a bit slower; probably had to wait 25-30 minutes for all the hot dishes to come out). The chefs are very meticulous in crafting each piece of sushi and seasoning them well. Remember that it's a BYOB!

Service: Waitress was very attentive, and the chefs very accommodating as well! I had (mistakenly) been eating ginger with all my sashimi, which the waitress politely told me would completely mask the sashimi flavor - really appreciated her chiming in! 

Recommended Must-Try: Grilled octopus appetizer came in 5-6 pieces within a small bowl; very flavorful and well-seasoned! Would definitely order this again.

Overall: 5/5; great service + atmosphere, and quality + pacing of the omakase. Recommend for small groups to sit around the bar!
My very high opinion of Sakana remains unchanged - however, I just wanted to update my review to give a shoutout to Sam and his team for their beautiful new renovation, which has made the space much sleeker and almost spa-like, and thank them for finally providing menus!

Sakana's omakase features possibly the best selection of fish I've ever seen on the East Coast, all fresh and prepared with great attention to detail. Favorites from our last visit included the sakura masu (Japanese cherry salmon - the most delicious bite of salmon I've ever had), the shima aji (striped jack), and the saba (Japanese mackerel). And on top of the wide variety of sushi, we also received a kaiseki tray (three interesting little plates), a sashimi platter featuring memorably tender and bouncy lobster sashimi, and a "special bowl" containing Hokkaido uni and scallop, all for $128.

The dessert is also very interesting - three different flavors of Japanese tofu, which feel like you're eating very chewy ice cream!

Service is friendly and the pacing of the meal is prompt. Sakana is BYOB - so remember to bring along a nice bottle of sake!
This place is a little hole in the wall. I booked a reservation for the full menu about 3 weeks prior with the hope of this place living up to the hype from all of the positive reviews. I recommend showing up on time or a few minutes before. There isn't much room and the group before will be finishing up. We arrived in the area early and decided to get drinks around the corner.
 When we showed up, the two hostesses were so attentive and helped with everything from showing us our assigned seats, to taking our jackets, to filling up our drinks (it's byob ), to taking all of the dishes. Interacting with the chef and others who are eating with you is highly recommended. The chef (who was the owner) is super interesting but quiet. So I recommend asking him questions. 

Lastly, while making the reservation, I explained in the text box provided that it was my girlfriends birthday. While I completely forgot about this, the hostesses brought a small present. This is something that blew me away and was so kind that I can't thank them enough. It is strongly recommended to bring cash. Will be back very soon!!
I was glad I got an reservation to dine at Sakana today and on the day they are offering a pre-fixe. I got there early and they sat me right way without waiting for my current time. 

The menu had three sets and I took the 90 minute setting ($108), which included 21 courses of the chef's choices. I rather have it this way than to pick - Let the expert pick is the best. The chef will ask you what allergies you have and what kinds of fishes you like and dislike and the journey will begin after that. 

The pieces came as he monitor's your activities as you eat them. Every item I had I was able to cleanse my palate with fresh ginger. The chef tells you when your last course is when he tells you that dessert is next. 

I had the best time watching him work his magic and he was very interactive with me, helping me better experience his creations. 

I will definitely recommend Sakana to anyone who wants the best fish you can eat without the guess work.
Awesome food, every single dish.  even my tentative daughter savored every bite.  Something very special about aging the sushi makes this place worth it.
WOW, this was a great omakase experience! It was not my first time having omakase, but it was my first time having it in Philly. After talking to the owner during my experience, I think he has an even cooler story. He used to work at a three Michelin star restaurant in NYC doing omakase for around hundreds of dollars per person, and he wanted to bring the omakase experience to more people for a budget friendly price--which led to his opening Sakana in Philly. Philly is in need of a much larger Omakase scene. I feel the chef's pain in that many people don't know what omakase is or what it should be, so they judge it incorrectly or don't even want to try it.  (Please look up what omakase is beforehand, so you're not completely surprised! It's similar to a tasting menu, in that you are not ordering a la carte.) That being said, I appreciate the chef's value in bringing the dining experience to Philly and trying his best to share it with more people at a better price. Like, what more could you ask for! 

I went with a small group of people (3), and we all ordered the sakana omakase, which is $108 per person and around 21 courses. It includes a kaiseki, at least ten to twelve pieces of fish and a wagyu dish at the end. For the price, it's pretty amazing what we got. It's also byob, and they open and chill the wine for you! The fish was amazing!!! My favorites included the Peking duck taco, which was part of the kaiseki and something the chef said he made at Masa in NYC, the scallop ngiri piece, the tiger shrimp piece and the double toro ngiri. At a certain point, you lose track of what and how much you've eaten, but it was really quite an experience. I will definitely be back!
Everything we at was extremely well though out and incredibly tasty. We did the $105 21 course option. Strongly suggest anyone do the same. The firecracker squid were the highlight of the show. Can't wait to go back.
I was in town for business and went based on a recommendation from a client. Really exceptional omakase, for a really great price. Both of the sushi chefs were very friendly and loved discussing each piece with you. I'm excited to try them again in the future when I'm in town for work.
Years ago I tasked my fiance with finding local Omakase. Sushi has long been my favorite food, and after watching "Jiro Dreams of Sushi", I knew there was a way of enjoying Sushi that we simply had to experience. 

Our first Omakase experience, unfortunately, was not at Sakana, but at another Philadelphia Omakase, Royal Sushi & Izakaya, which was exceptional in and of itself, and I will review in the future, but at over $500 for the Omakase + Sake + Japanese Whiskey (NOT a BYOB) patronizing it more than once was not financially viable. 

So I began to look for other Omakase in Philadelphia, and to our delight, discovered Sakana. We booked a reservation for a Saturday, ordered a few bottles of premium Sake (DEFINITELY a BYOB) and embarked on this Omakase adventure. 

In spite or being located in trendy Queens Village, parking was easy to come by, and we quickly found the entrance to Sakana. We entered and were immediately greeted by a very pleasant woman, who we later would come to know is the sister of the Chef Owner, Sam. In fact, all of the employees at Sakana are related. We gave our names and were promptly seated at the Sushi Bar. 

The ambience was simple, welcoming, elegant. Candles flickered from behind the Chefs station. Japanese themed chimes were playing in the background, helping to set the tone to the meal. They recently renovated the storefront and the interior, and I actually prefer the new decor more than the old, which I loved. 

One can choose from two different Omakase menus, an $88 and a $128. We selected the latter and  what a wonderful meal we were in for. 

Sam(Chef Owner) starts you off with an appetizer (As shown in my pictures), and while I understand what each individual element in dish is, the way those different elements interacts with one another in each bite is quite simply a spectacle. Bite after bite bursting with crunch, richness, creaminess... and dare I say it - umami. The perfect start to the perfect meal. 

Following this is delectable nigiri upon delectable nigiri, all based on the best fish Sam was able to procure for that night (This is someone misleading since he also ages fish!). After a few wonderful pieces of sushi, we were served a Kaiseke tray, which consists of 4 separate and distinct dishes. All of them are exceptional, but our favorite was the Duck & Fois Gras Taco. Like the appetizer, the combination of flavors and textures just brings utter happiness to the person experiencing it (ME). 

This follows again with more delectable pieces of sushi. Culminating with the coveted Toro/Aged OToro treat. Written words cannot do these pieces of fish and rice justice -- you must experience them for yourselves rather than vicariously through me! 

Desert is served and you end up leaving Sakana with the serene feeling that all is well in the world. It isn't, but it sure is in your stomach. 

5 stars. 10 out of 10. An incredible Omakase Experience and easily my favorite restaurant.
My Philly friends introduced me to this place. It was my first-time experience omakase sushi-style. I was impressed by the chef selection of fishes and the way they paired their fish with sauces. The restaurant has a low capacity of seatings. You need to make reservations beforehand. When you finally get a seat at the bar, you will be in good hands for the whole night. So, make sure you grab your friends, sakes, and enjoy the rest of the night without a burden of "what I should order!". It's BYOB!
Walked into this restaurant with the hope of getting some sushi to go. Took two steps in and I felt like I was in a western movie, walking into a saloon, as every employee and patron suddenly became silent and turned to stare at me. The lack of noise was eerie as an Asian-style tumbleweed rolled by. The hostess quickly told me that I didn't  have a reservation, but to come back on Wednesday (despite today being Saturday).  I definitely got the sense that I was just not Asian enough, which is to say that  I am exactly zero Asian. Weird to be white and understand how it feels to be treated as an ethnic minority. But yea, I get it now. Avoid at all costs!!!
It's a legitimate omekasè experience, so I guess they have that going for them. But there's really no highlight bite that makes the price tag worthwhile, and they really enjoy hitting too many courses with the blowtorch (if I wanted half of my courses to include fully-cooked fish, I probably wouldn't have tried to find a great sushi restaurant in the first place).

To make matters worse, they have strict arrival times attached to their reservations, but if any party in your seating group shows up late, prepare to have all of your subsequent courses slowed down dramatically to let the tardy patrons catch up.

The food was good, not great. The experience was good, not great. Wouldn't do it again, even for half the price. It's decent sushi but nowhere near where high-end omekasè should be.
Made reservation by phone on 11/29, its quick and efficient. Overall, nice experience for me. I am a sushi favor guy, been to restaurant SugerFish, Nakazawa, Morimoto, Hatsuhana, Kakurega, etc. Sakana has good quality of fish like Tuna, Hamachi, Salmon. Other things like Hokkaido Uni, scallop, marinated akami&ikura, fresh wasabi tastes amazing. And one thing I love is they use warm rice for sushi, and rice is perfectly seasoned with vinegar & sugar. Btw, Chef over there is kind and friendly, good talk with them. Thanks, I will be back soon.
Sakana offers one of the more popular sushi omakase experiences in the city, attested to by a full sushi bar during a recent Tuesday night seating. My wife and I chose this place to celebrate her brother's birthday due to the relative ease of getting reservations (unlike nearby Royal) and the more unique menu offerings such as aged fish (unlike Hiroki). We arrived 5 minutes before our 6pm seating and were escorted into a small, peaceful dining room comprised of a large sushi bar and a couple tables. Our servers placed our sake on ice and our meal began shortly thereafter.

Sakana's omakase yielded a good progression of courses and the quality of the fish was uniformly excellent. The head chef here offers some interesting, tasty bites such as double toro (30 day aged toro topped with fresh finely chopped toro), a decadent uni bowl, and file fish topped with its own liver. Similarly, dining here gave us the opportunity to sample some unique varieties of fish including needlefish, cockles, and barracuda. The dessert deserves special mention since all of us truly dug the chewy Japanese tofu drizzled with a salty sweet Okinawan syrup. Dessert tends to be an afterthought at omakase restaurants so the creativity was appreciated. 

I dock a star from Sakana since the particular sushi chef that served our half of the sushi bar didn't seem as skilled or interactive as the proprietor. The head chef served the other half of the sushi bar and, in doing so, delivered flawless slices of fish on perfectly molded beds of sushi rice. He also instructed his side of the bar how to best eat each bite and explained his process freely. The chef on our side didn't really speak much and appeared to struggle with molding the nigiri. We also felt the mounds of rice we received were smaller compared to our counterparts', which may be why we ended up leaving a touch hungry. We love the interactive aspect of omakase and the spectacle of watching a master work at his or her craft, so this was a bit disappointing. 

All that being said, we are satisfied with our overall experience and found Sakana's unique offering of aged fish worth trying for any sushi lover. Hopefully you'll get the head chef making your nigiri, but even if not you'll be in for a great experience.
This was one of our greatest dining experiences ever. The large omikase menu was like nothing we've ever tasted before--each piece was a revelation. The excellence of the fish and the unusual combinations, with the chef's rice, were melting mouthfuls of unique tastes. The chef/owner was lovely and has such a passion for what he does. I recommend this wholeheartedly.
