Do you like white table covers?! Do you like expensive menus?!  Do you LOVE the location and want to take a risk?!  DEBATABLE.  White table cloths and franchise-like entrees priced at $32 per plate is excessive. Good vibes, OK service, and decent food. If you want to pay out your bum for a normal mid-tier Italian dinner, then this is your spot!
[791]
We visited this restaurant on a recommendation of a friend. We were not disappointed.

They have a private parking lot so it's easy to park in busy South Philly.

Made a reservation and did not have to wait after we arrived.

The décor is beautiful in this multi-level restaurant/bar.  

The staff was friendly and attentive.

Calamari - It came in a red sauce which I'm not used to but I'm glad I tried it because it was very good, and I loved every bite.

Seafood Sampler -  Plenty of items for us to taste and enjoy

Scallops with Crabmeat - Amazing.  This was my dinner and I loved every bite.

Veal Chops - Hubby had this and enjoyed it.

Dessert- Homemade banana dessert (not sure of the official name) but it was very tasty.

I enjoyed everything at this restaurant and it's on my "favorite" list.

I'll definitely be back!!
Not knowing where to go for a special New Years Eve meal and not finding a menu that wasn't prixe fix at most restaurant we were interested in, the man remembered this old-timey restaurant in his old neighborhood called Saloon. I cannot tell you how wonderfully this place delivered on service, food, ambiance...everything! 

To begin the meal, the waitress brought over a basket of soft and hot bread to be smeared with their house pesto. Let me repeat that: HOUSE PESTO! Did you hear that?!  

After getting drinks (and seriously diving into that pesto and bread) we ordered the Steamed Mussels in a red sauce to share and OH MY GOODNESS. These are by far the absolutely best mussels that I have had since moving to Philadelphia and possibly the best broth/sauce I have ever eaten. Forget about the Monk's, Eulogy, etc. etc. and get to Saloon if you are in the mood for some ridiculously good mussels. I can only really recommend the red sauce though as I didn't even see the white. We loved these things so much that the busser (I believe) noticed we had run out of bread to sop up the remaining red sauce (I am still blown away by how good it was) and so brought us a new basket. Sadly however, our entrees were ready and the waitress quickly whisked away our bowl of leftover red sauce as me and the bf stared glaringly at eachother (angry that neither of us said anything and sad that the experience of the red sauce was now over). 

For my entree I tried the evening house special (they had about 10 specials that evening) Lamb Chop crusted with rosemary and in a white wine sauce topped with three different types of mushrooms. So. Good. It was also huge and had a side of Yukon Gold mashed potatoes beside it. The man ordered the Penne Sesso which was ground sweet Italian sausage and sun-dried tomatoes in a spicy tomato sauce. It was also amazing although he ate it all and begrudgingly gave me two or three bites. I'm pretty sure this was a sincere testament of his feelings toward me as he really didn't want to share. 

I had heard good things about the dessert but at this point I was a couple of glasses of wine deep and could not fathom where I would put the dessert should we order it (oh and I already had a to-go bag with the rest of my lamb waiting next to me). 

I also need to mention that the service was impeccable. The host sat us and then took our coats bringing back a coat check tag about 5 minutes later. The waitresses and bussers seem to work together so there were about three people serving and cleaning our table throughout the evening. OH and they have a parking lot! No joke, there is a Saloon parking lot about half a block south of the restaurant on 7th street - and it's free. 

I will definitely be back. It's a bit pricey, but worth every single last cent.
We booked the Saloon last minute and was so happy we did! It is hard to find parking in the South Street area on a Saturday night but the Saloon has a lot exclusively for their restaurant with friendly attendants. 

We were greeted by a friendly hostess and seated at a table for two by the bay windows (great spot). Our server was not only gorgeous but friendly & very knowledgable. 

Started with the crab bisque....really good!I Ordered the crab stuffed Scottish Salmon and my hub ordered the filet. Both cooked perfectly and tasty. The drinks were very good and for getting another year older...a candle. 

Overall good experience!
This used to be in my top10 - and fell way off the list a few years back. Sadly, it isn't coming back. What happened to this place? The 'old saloon salad' that I looked forward to before my entree- was big enough for 2 filled with everything, is now a few pieces of lettuce, cherry tomatoes and a few croutons. 

How sad. I miss my old fave.
This family-owned and operated South Philly favorite has been attracting wise guys and goodfellas, macho young men looking to impress an overly-coiffed date, business diners, and locals looking for a special night out for the past forty years. With its wood paneling, wall sconces, oil paintings, antiques, and Tiffany lamps, it probably looks much like it did when it opened four decades ago - and a couple of bartenders look like they're part of the original fixtures, too. You can peruse the long menu and list of daily specials while savoring the pesto tapenade, Parmesan, and olive oil delivered with the bread. While the kitchen favors the standard Italian classics and old standbys - such as lightly breaded veal slices with sweet and hot peppers, thick veal chops stuffed with spinach and cheese, and hearty bowls of homemade linguine with seafood - they also include some contemporary touches like sauteed radicchio with shiitake mushrooms on the side. They're known for their huge herbed and marinated steaks, so prime sirloin steak, filets mignon, and a 26-ounce porterhouse are popular choices. An individual pot of perfect tiramisu or a banana Napolean makes the perfect dessert. Even when the place is crowded, the servers make you feel like you can linger as long as you like. How good is this place? During one three-night stay, I ate here twice, and I've returned several times since.
I really liked this place.  The atmosphere is very warm, classy, and a little vintage with its decor.  I would describe this place as a true gentleman's bar/restaurant.  I've walked by this place a bunch of times and decided to finally check it out.  The host and hostess were very welcoming.  I might have not been dressed for the occasion since I had a nice button down with jeans.  Meanwhile everyone else was in business casual.  Nevertheless they took our coats and I felt very welcomed. 

The only reason I can not give this place 5 stars is because of the prices $$$$.  I got a bottle of wine with dessert and ended up with a bill of $75.  In the end I was not upset about it because the dining experience was truly amazing and one of a kind.  You can tell they really know how to take care of their customers here.

Oh yeah, and the dessert was an Apple Crisp with Gelato on the side.  It was so good.

My favorite part was the giant door knob on the door. lol
This place is a hidden gem!  Or maybe it's not hidden, but its been around for so long that people don't talk about it anymore?  Either way, none of my foodie friends have ever spoken of this place so I figured it wasn't very good.  My boyfriend picked where we were going for dinner, and when he saw that this place had 4.5 stars on Open Table I was like "OK.  Fine.  Whatever, let's do it."

First off, this place has free valet parking, so immediately I was like "10 points for Gryffindor", maybe this place isn't so bad after all!

We walk in, and the decor is BEAUTIFUL!  Very antique-inspired turn-of-the-century type furnishings with lots of Tiffany lamps and old cherry wood furnishings.  

We had a great server who was very knowledgable of the menu and guided us through an amazing meal.  For our appetizers we got the sampler with two clams casino, two clams Pavorotti, two grilled shrimp, and two stuffed poblano peppers.  Everything was delicious except for the grilled shrimp which tasted rubbery and freezer burned.  The shining star by a landslide was the grilled langostino, which came in their shell, split, and char-grilled in a lemony olive oil sauce.  I don't normally eat meat at all, so I've never had langostino before, but I was completely blown away with how tasty they were and how well they had been cooked.  For dinner I got the scallops served in a cognac cream sauce, which were on special that night, and they were DELICIOUS.  

I just highly recommend this place.  The prices are relatively high, but I really feel like they deliver on the quality of food they promise.  I definitely prefer this place over the tourist traps like Ralph's!
This is not to be missed if you are in Philadelphia. The ambiance and service get five stars. I love all of the heavy-duty woodwork. The menu and attention to detail is exceptional and executed with finesse and flair. The one time I dined there as a vegetarian ( now reformed for many years), the chef wowed me with a specific pasta plate to suit my palate.

Absolutely make a reservation and enjoy this culinary...no words to describe. Pack your wallet and do this right. Grab some fine wine with your antipasti to start, and end with after dinner cordials and desert. This surely makes a memorable dining experience you will want to repeat again and again.
I was the first people there in an EMPTY early afternoon day, no greeting from the owner she was busy drinking booze and talking to the hostess. They look at us without regards or greeting. 

We sat at the bar, after a hard day at work. Ordered drinks and was immediately giving the check??!!
no offer of water or anything else. What happened to customer service??? btw drinks is $$$ plus no Happy Hour, they look at you like we have 10 heads and from another planet!!!

we try to talked to the bartender no luck, he was older and fragile plus no customer skill. If I wanted the check I would ask! Thanks!! We felt like they couldn't wait to get us out, like they have somethings to hide, shady!!! Also I notice other people get theirs drink before us??! 

But friendly service when the second party arrived after us, they seem to be regular and  older/familiar to the owner. If you want to be treated kindly this is not the place to spend your hard earned dough! 
Do yourself a favor, skip the mobster, old school vibe and spend your money else where! We will stay away and you may want to consider doing that too!! Too bad, big mistake their lost we were excited to try out a new place, but they fail miserably to deliver! Free parking ain't good enough!!
These dinner devours come from the golden oldie @saloonphilly . This south philly restaurant is 57 years old and have been around since 1964. The establishment has a parking lot and two floors . It's fill with antics and a great staff. It's a traditional restaurant with a lot of older folk. Bathrooms were really clean  and made of nothing but ivory . While here i was seated at the bar and my wonder dope bartender/server Gigi aka Giana. She was very easy to talk to and she walked me through the menu. I ordered the salmon  fruitti di mare with crab meat, topped with lemon capers and fresh tomato. The menu has changed so i was unable to be the mussels, clams, and shrimp. I was very disappointed in this but it was after i devoured the delicious fish! The salmon was excellent and the crab meat was phenomenal! If your ever in south philly and want some great veal or seafood please check out  @saloonphilly and ask for gigi and tell her Mr. Julian sent you!!!  #philly #philadelphia #food #foodphotography #foodpics #foodporn #foodie #fish #salmon #crab #lemon #capers #butter #garlic #water #shrimp #mussels
I have to say we were very disappointed.  My mother and I were so looking forward to celebrating our Birthday dinner here. We both hadn't been there in many years. The food was good, but the service was horrible.  I got the impression that if you weren't a "VIP" or someone they recognized, they didn't really put any effort into service.   Our server, who was a young man, didn't even inform us of the specials of the day. I over heard them after our entrees where complete at the table behind me. Sefice to say my mother said this will definitely be a memorable Birthday.  Next time we'll stick with our usual and always satisfying choices of restaurants on Passyunk avenue.
PROS:
Nothing hipster about this place, thank god.  Just damn good food, attentive and friendly wait staff, really nice bar and bar tender.  

Radicchio appetizer was heavenly.  Still thinking about it three weeks later.  

I believe they have parking.  

A comparatively quiet restaurant.  Good place to bring older family members. 

CONS:
I find their pasta selections a bit lackluster and the pasta is not homemade.  (Or at least it doesn't taste that way to me.)
Beware of the overpriced prawns. They were an appetizer special but we weren't told that 4 prawns cut in half was $85. Very small and definitely would never order or recommend for $85.
I only happened to go in here because the resaurant that we had originally planned to check out nextdoor was closed.  How lucky for us!  From the Host to the Server, service was great.  I don't know why I thought it would be more of a "saloony" type place, laid back, but it really is a class joint!  Terrific food!! I had the salmon stuffed with crabmeat (Delish!) and my friend had the seared tuna which he really loved as well.  Couple glasses of wine, great atmosphere....a great meal at a wonderful restaurant.  I would highly recommend and can't think of anything remotely negative to say.  Great looking bar too.  We ended up there really early, around 5:30, so we were basically the only people in at the time, which was just fine! Five stars!!
Food is decent, but definitely not worth the price and feeling rushed to eat. Staff was friendly, but so attentive and pushy, we couldn't help but feel like they wanted us out ASAP. We ordered our entrees and they arrived in roughly 10 minutes.  Our dessert was delicious, but it was hard to enjoy when the check was placed on the table just 2 bites into it. We had planned on staying for an after dinner drink at the bar to sample their wonderful cocktail list, but decided not to so that we wouldn't be a further inconvenience to them. If you like spending $200 on a dinner for 2 that lasts for 45 minutes, this is the place for you. We won't be back.
Wow.  Let me preface this review by saying I wasn't paying so can't really speak to the "bang for the buck".   However, my meal was potentially in the top 10 of my entire LIFE!  And I'm no spring chicken.  And I don't particularly like Italian restaurants.  The bar area was old-time wood and heavy bar stools - the bartender mixed a perfect pre-dinner Jack-and-Ginger.  Then started with some decadent appetizer plate with amazing stuff green peppers and some calamari that was decent.  And then my spinach salad wrapped in Prosciutto was simply delicous.  I was confused as I had never seen a salad wrapped up like an eggroll; however, when I cut into the Prosciutto and the spinach and other salad ingredients spilled out, it was heavenly.  And then time for the Braciole.   Oh my!!!  Filet so tender and thin, rolled with spinach, parm and pancetta and topped with a wonderful tomato sauce.  The homemade cheese ravioli was in the "to die for" category.  (And according to local lore, the Saloon was a mob hangout, so maybe that is true..)  I am a hearty eater and I literally forced myself to eat half of everything and believe me, that was plenty.  If I am ever back in South Philly, I'll stop by the Saloon.
We came here right before Christmas for a early holiday celebration. We had a blast! Everything was great! Highly recommend. 

They have valet parking on either side of the restaurant, one right in front of Fitzwater cafe. The restaurant is decorated with many old paintings, furniture, lighting, not exactly sure from which era, but is certainly reminiscent of an older and simpler time. Our waitress was polite and courteous. Food was delicious. Wine was great and desserts were amazing. The price tag was substantial but definitely worth it for a special occasion.
It pains me to write this review because we used to go to the Saloon all the time.  Since the economic downturn we almost never go there anymore. I wanted my husband to have a special meal before an important event the next morning, so I ordered him an appetizer and the veal chop.  We had it wrapped to go.  He ate it immediately after we got home.  He ended up throwing out the saccatino (sp?) because he said the seafood tasted funny and not fresh.  His veal chop was just edible, not anything to justify the price. 

I'm sorry to say he actually became very ill the next morning and for the next 2 days with stomach problems that we believe were from the food. The food was eaten right away, not left out for a long period of time or anything. 

This used to be a place where we love to go, but after our last experience, we won't be back.
From top destination to tourist and nostalgia trap. Lots better and cheaper alternatives nearby.
Saloon is an amazing experience. Everything about it is just so old school and traditional Italian. From the menu offerings to the actual decor (big wooden bar that spans a sizeable part of the restaurant as soon as you walk in, lots of dark and rich tones in the furniture, and of course the food being served on multiple floors just fills the building with the irresistible Italian cuisine aroma.)

It is in the heart of South Philly, always crowded with great people. Love the energy in this restaurant. 

You are going to spend some decent money here, it can be a bit pricey if you are just seeking Italian food, but in my opinion, it is all worth it!
Darn, just lost a nice review I wrote! Bottom line is this. The service was impeccable. The environment classic, warm and rich. The food was tasty or at least my peppercorn ahi tuna was awesome. Wine list was well-rounded to accompany items on the menu. We didn't try dessert but the tray was filled with delectable looking pieces of yummy.  Parking service available. I'll be back when traveling to Philadelphia!
Our group of 6 went for dinner on a December Saturday evening. We loved it. The convenient free parking got things off to a great start. We had a cocktail at the classic downstairs bar while our group arrived. And, we were seated upstairs near the low-key, excellent band. 

The ambience is classic, old style Philly. Our server was fun and happy to banter with our table. Appetizers and entrees were all terrific - especially the veal dishes. The Italian and American themed wine list offered a good range of choices to complement our meal. 

We will definitely be back.
First, I love the atmosphere! Classy, refined and antique deco makes this place an any occasion restaurant. We had a large party of 21+ and they were very accommodating and the staff were amazing. 

I started my meal with the crab bisque and it was good.. It had plenty of real crab meat. The spinach salad wrapped in prosciutto was absolutely amazing! I would definitely come back again!
One of the best Italian restaurants in Philly. The food, drinks, price and environment are all exceptional. Whether you want a pasta dish, steak dinner or some seafood, everything always tastes great and comes at a reasonable price and the right amount of food
The atmosphere was nice, and the food was ok, but the service was terrible. Clearly there are regulars who get decent service and attention, however, the waiter who handled our table seemed like he needed to be somewhere else other than taking care of us.  He approached our table with a "do you know what you want?  A few minutes later, I hear a list of specials being read to the table behind us.  Our entire meal took a total of 35 minutes and the bill was $240 for 4 of us with my daughter having a $12 pasta.  I'll find better options for our next trip to Philly.
What a lovely restaurant! The live jazz, the food and overall ambiance were just our style and my fiancé and I already can't wait to return! The spinach salad is a delicious work of art; highly recommend it! 
The only negative was that we were seated next to the loudest, most obnoxious party of 6, who were so boisterous and inconsiderate, it actually infringed on my personal experience of the restaurant. Even our waitress was visibly annoyed as she attempted to shout the specials over their cackling and shrieking. It was pretty empty so I don't think it would've been unreasonable for them to move us but I also won't hold it against them.
Went there for a group family dinner on Christmas Eve.  The food and service was excellent.  Food was yummy but a bit pricey.  The decor is like an old saloon from back in the day.  Classic and very clean!  Consistent good food...we had angel hair pasta with artichokes, garlic and crab meat....YUMMY!!!!!
The Saloon quickly became one of my favorite restaurants during our visit. There are so many things the restaurant does right to take care of their customers.

First, they have free valet parking (just make sure to tip the valet). In this area that's key and it shows the restaurant really thinks about their customers. Second, they have a coat check person who is readily available. She's not a host/hostess who can check your coat. It's a nice addition to have during the evening. Every person we ran into was kind and polite. Our server knew the menu inside/out and was patient when my father was 20 minutes late to dinner after being stuck in traffic. We ordered a bottle of wine and she kept it off the table. She poured it every time we were low. It was an impressive attention to detail. Lastly, our reservation for three got a large round table enough to fit 5 which was really nice. I'll always appreciate extra space and not have to keep finding places for our dishes on drinks on the table. When a restaurant can give a party an larger than normal table (without it being awkwardly big), I'll always appreciate it.

The food itself is very good. We ordered the calamari and peas which was very good. The calamari isn't breaded and the sauce was so good that I ended up eating two more pieces of bread just to dip it into the sauce. 

My father got the filet moda, which he enjoyed. I had a bite and it was very good. Cooked well but not the best either of us have had. 

I got the braciole which was fantastic. It's basically a stuffed medallion with spinach, pancetta and parmesan cheese. 

My fiancee got the linguine pescatore, which is a seafood pasta. This might have been my favorite thing out of the entrees. It was very good.

The desserts were also out of this world. They're all made in house and both items we got might have actually been the best part of the meal.

Overall, a very impressive night. It wasn't the best meal I've ever had but the food quality plus the service takes it over the top. With a bottle of wine, an appetizer, three entrees, two desserts and tips for coat check and valet, the total came out to be about $100 per person.. $300 total. It was worth every penny (as long as you walk in knowing what to expect and ready to splurge). This was part of my Christmas present to my dad so I was fully prepared to spend big.
I was lucky enough to be invited to a corporate function at the Saloon. I would have never even known it existed and would have missed out on something really great if I hadn't had this opportunity. My workplace bought the restaurant out for the evening so we had open bar and a 4 course sit down dinner. I started out with a starter sized pasta dish which was to die for that combined penne and crumbled sausage in a wonderful tomato sauce. Next up was a house salad which was also fantastic...nothing crazy but still good.  For my main entree I chose the Veal Chop. When it came out all around me wished they had ordered it as well! It was HUUUGE and served with a pan sauce that was beyond amazing. Probably one of the best dishes I had ever eaten. The waitresses were great too...some fun ladies!

If you get the chance to go here you must! I have heard they only accept cash and possibly american express though I don't know if that still applies.
Came here with a buddy for a birthday dinner.  Started off with delicious calimari and sipped a few Manhattans.  The waitress went over the special's, everything sounded great but in the end I went with a ginormous porterhouse.  Fan-freakin-tastic.  The night was capped off with a delicious chocolate-peanut butter dessert portioned much larger than most restaurants; it also helped the cute waitress sang happy birthday to me.  

Decor, ambiance and staff exude class.  This is the kind of place Tony, Sil and Paulie would visit if they came to Philly.
We arrived too early after our son's graduation ceremony at Temple ended early (yes, a graduation that ended early!). The restaurant wasn't even open yet but they welcomed our group and got a bartender to serve us even though they were still setting up. Our comfort was their main concern throughout the evening. Every single person treated us exceptionally well and was very attentive (including the busboy who noticed any time we needed anything). Our waitress was professional, well versed in the menu and food preparations but also fun and jocular; she made us feel so at home and like long lost friends. And, of course, the food. We eat out a lot but live over an hour outside the city and we love to try new restaurants so hadn't been back in 4 years. There was something wonderful for each of the palates at our table and my son, an excellent cook and foodie himself, was wowed by what he had worried was going to be a staid, rest on your laurels, throwback. He quickly saw that staying power in this city has everything to do with high quality preparation, innovation, presentation and service. The Saloon deserves to continue as an honored dining tradition and we will return before too long.

P.S. The next door parking was a huge plus for an aunt with arthritic knees who refuses special treatment.
We snagged a same-day reservation when they opened on Sat night.  Yummy apps.  We ordered the eggplant parm and the veal piccata.  Again, both were home runs.  Veal was so tender you could cut it w a straw.  Service was excellent.  We had about 5 people help us out.  For dessert, they brought a huge tray of stuff, all of which we could eat.  I ordered the apple tart w ice cream, spouse got the peanut butter pie.  Both were great.  So why not a higher rating:  food comes a la carte.  While we were stuffed, where is that harm of a few carrots, other veggie on the plate.  2nd issue: that apple tart w ice cream:  $16.50!!!!  Sixteen fifty.  Twice we checked the bill.  It looked like we were dinged for a 3rd dessert.  Ultimately they took it off the bill, but, that is outrageous. Very good food, interesting vibe, but it ain't cheap.
First time I went, it was extraordinary. I had the filet in black pepper sauce, my gf the seafood in red sauce over pasta. Both were delicious. The steak was so tender you could almost cut it with a fork alone. 

It was so good I didn't want to go back because I was afraid the first visit might have been a fluke or that the second visit could possibly ruin the first.

Well I went back. Brought now fiancé and her mom. Had fettuccine with rock lobster, angel hair and jumbo lump crab, and the scallop special. Spinach salad was fantastic. The angelhair dish was light, flavorful, and reminded me exactly of my Sicilian dad's cooking. The lobster dish was very good but paled in comparison to the angelhair and the scallop dishes. The scallop dish: fresh scallops and jumbo lump crab in a cognac, cream, tomato, & potato purée- one of the best dishes I've ever had. Just delightful. Decadent, succulent scallops in one of the most flavorful sauces I've ever met. Stole the show. Beyond extraordinary. 

Second visit was actually better. I can't wait to go back. Great food. Great staff. Great place.
A Philadelphia classic. I've never had a bad meal. The service and the food have stayed excellent in the 25 years we have been visiting.
This may be my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia! It's old school feel provides for an authentic ambiance. The Filet Moda is a one of a kind steak dish that I highly recommend.  Their "antipasto" special was out of this world - stuffed peppers, grilled langastino, and claims casino!
Amazing pasta dishes, excellent Veal Chops, and a great atmosphere unlike anything in the city. The only drawback is it is one of the more expensive restaurants in the city.
Decent food, okay service and poor management.

Walked in for a 8:30 reservation at 8:30 and were told "it'll be a few minutes". No problem we wait. 20 minutes go by and we are told "go upstairs the host up there is expecting you the tables are getting ready now". Walk up and admire all the old time decor (only cool thing about this place) only to wait another 20 minutes for the table. 40 minutes later we were seated with a "hey thanks for waiting" and that was it. For an restaurant of this level you'd expect more from management and communication. Server was nice but dropped the check off and never saw her again, another waitress closed us out. 

Can definitely get the same quality food at other spots in the city. Go in for a drink at the bar if you're dying to see the decor. Other than that it's not worth your time.
The ambience is awesome! You really feel like your going back in time. The second floor had live music which was a plus! We made a reservation and only had to wait a few minutes. The waitress Was very nice and attentive.

The bread and pesto are delicious! The bread was hot and crunchy. The pesto was perfect. I had the ravioli of the day, broccoli rabe and sausage. It was very good but it wasn't as hot as I would have liked. The eggplant parm was also delicious. My favorite dish I tried was the scallops with crab meat on top. The scallops were perfectly cooked and the crab meat and sauce made the dish. For dessert we split tiramisu which was delicious. All the desserts looks amazing but we were to full. 

Overall great restaurant, I will defiantly be back!
This is an old fashioned Italian restaurant, the kind of place you found in little Italy. I f you want a piece of heaven with good service and great food The Saloon does not disappoint. It has a quality that makes it feel like it's been there for years. Food is good and consistent just like your southern Italian grandma made! It's a gem.
I came here for dinner with my colleagues and was quite surprised with the level of food and service (in a good way!) The space is warm and inviting with beautiful intricate woodwork throughout.  All the dark wood and vintage décor really created a nice ambience to our dining experience. The menu is extensive, there will be something for everyone's palate, if you come here with a big group.
Our waitress was welcoming and made some great recommendations! I highly recommend the scallops if they have it on special.  The grilled octopus special was nice, and the appetizer was a generous size! I had the The Lobster Francaise was nice, lightly breaded and sautéed. I was in love with the Kale and bacon side order,  it was one of the best things I had all night! All in all, the plates left the table completely cleaned, so it's safe to say that everyone enjoyed their meal as I did.
They desserts all came out on a tray, we decided to split the chocolate mousse cake, oh my goodness, it was decadent and surprisingly light.
I really had a nice experience and can't wait to bring my husband to this place, it is right up his alley.  I am so glad we came here for dinner, I would have overlooked this unassuming place tucked quietly on Seventh Street, this is a true hidden gem! A big bonus as they have their own lot, so parking is free!
My boyfriend and I went here for a celebratory dinner and we both left thinking this was the best dinner we've ever had. The staff was super nice and knowledgeable. Our appetizers were amazing - clams casino and a burratta/prosciutto dish that was on special. For entrees I got a lobster fettucine and while I usually do not get pasta dishes I felt like I needed to here. It was AMAZING. Could not finish it all (generous portions) but enjoyed left overs the next day. We split a bottle of wine and looked at the dessert options. I was devastated to hear they ran out of tiramisu (my fave!). My bf ordered a chocolate peanut butter dessert which was absolutely amazing. Our waitress later told us the dessert was on them since they ran out.

The live music, christmas decor and wonderful staff made this an amazing night. We will def make it a winter tradition:)
Everyone at my table agreed that our waitress was rude. In fact, the bus-boy was nicer than she.

The food tasted okay, I guess. 

The best part of the experience was the quartet playing.
Dinner last night 11/26/2011: Party of 8 for a Bday party. This was the BEST DINNER that I have had in YEARS! I ordered the roasted peppers, provolone & mozzarella for appetizer. And then I couldn't decide between meat or lobster so I got the surf and turf which included a filet and lobster tail. 
The filet melted in my mouth! Literally! I have never had a better filet. The lobster was stuffed with crab. Although it was not giant size the lobster tail was PERFECT. 
Drank Perroni and a glass of Cab. 
I just love this place. Will be coming back soon.
This place is awesome. I'm not sure how I missed it all of these years but I'm happy to add it into my rotation of favorite places too eat. 

Best perk off the bat = the complimentary parking. That eliminates the stress of circling the block for a spot! 

Next favorite = the atmosphere is unbeatable. The decor is dark, cozy, and very Italian. There is both an upstairs & downstairs bar. The staff is friendly and very well trained. It's the perfect spot for both a nice date or a fun loud group. Try and get a seat upstairs by the live music! I didn't know this existed until we were leaving and can't wait to come back for it. 

Just because of the vibe of the place and how enjoyable our night was I didn't care about the food being great. But luckily each dish was fantastic!! The complimentary bread was hot and fresh and came with a delicious pesto dip. I had one of the salad specials - burrata with arugula, pear, apricots and hazelnut dressing. For my main I had the rigatoni sesso - awesome spicy sauce. My husband had the Braciole and loved it - super tender and flavorful. That comes with  cheese ravioli and OMG that was the total show stopper. I'd come back a mIllion times over for the ravioli. They were like cheesy clouds in an amazing red sauce. 

Everyone GO!
Its been many years since I dined here. I must say things have changed a lot, good and not so good. 
Let's start with the food and drinks. They have a fantastic selection of items, and specials on the menu.  From escarole soup to steak and lobster. They also have a very enticing dessert tray! I tried the veal piccante. It was very tender and tasted quite lovely. We also tried the langostinas, they were on the specials menu. Also very well prepared, presented, and delicious. All the main dishes are a la carte. Sides include sauteed spinach, mashed potatoes, sauteed escarole, and there was also a brussel sprout side added. There are two bars, one upstairs and one on the main dining area as you walk in. The bars are beautiful and well stocked.  They have a decent wine and cocktail menu.  I decided to try the Vesper, it was very good! 
What's changed? The price of food here is very high! Too high for the area, the type of cuisine (Italian), and for a casual restaurant not known for great cuisine made by well known chefs. There are many top restaurants in the city with comparable pricing, or lower. It would be quite a challenge to dine here again simply based on the very high priced items.  Please take this into consideration! 
Bread.  Not good at all! Our bread came out in a small basket and was frozen in the center. Appeared to have been warmed up very quickly. It was not fresh or tasty.  In fact, this almost ruined my appetite.  I didn't mention this to the server because I had already decided this was not typical or satisfactory; and I didn't really need to eat bread that badly anyway. 
Complementary parking.  They have a couple lots to park at.  They were both full.  However there is a valet that will park your car. He will let you know he works for tips. Be good to him. I would recommend taking a taxi, Uber/Lyft to the restaurant..  It would save you time and the aggravation of driving around trying to find a parking space, or tipping the friendly valet. 
Saloon has beautiful old world decor.  Lots of beautiful carved wood and nice artwork throughout.  To be quite frank, it's a little too busy.  The restaurant is very clean.  The service was very good! Everyone here is well dressed and appeared to enjoy doing their job.  They were very welcoming from entering and leaving. 
Overall, Saloon was a disappointment, despite being a traditional South Philly landmark. I was not happy with the prices here at all. Especially since it was a la carte. I probably won't come back, but I feel you should at least give it a try, take your chances. Be prepared to spend at least $70 or more per person.  There's too many other Italian restaurants in the city I would recommend on all levels.
Get transported into an old school Italian, Sopranosesqe restaurant. The ambiance has a romantic, mob feel. The service is very attentive and knowledgeable. 

Ordered a Caesar salad for an appetizer and the bronzino grenoblaise as an entree with a bottle of Veuve. Tiramisu for desert. Overall the meal was excellent. Would definitely stop in here again.
This review is a couple weeks old so the specials are probably different now, FYI.

OH MAN. This was the most expensive meal I have ever had. Granted, we ate 3.5 courses and each one was delicious. But that bill was a whammy.

We actually planned to go somewhere else for dinner because on this particular Saturday night, Saloon was all booked up at the time we wanted to eat and we couldn't make a reservation. Long story short, we ended up here anyway and it was only 15 minute wait for 2 people. We waited at the downstairs bar and got a round of drinks (wine for me, beer for boo). Lots of nostalgia in that area! It reminded me of my grandmoms house in the 80s with the knick knacks and such - and I mean that as a compliment!!

Our wait was truly about 15 minutes as promised, and then we went on a long walk up the stairs and around the corner to our table. I didn't realize how huge this place was inside so I guess that's why, even with no reservations, they could still seat us around 8pm on a Saturday within 15 minutes? There was going to be live music in the upstairs bar later so that might be worth checking out another time.

Our waitress came over to walk us through the menu and tell us about the specials. Pro tip: bring a notebook and pen because the specials menu is about the same length as the regular menu. She rattled off at least another 10-12 dishes ranging from salads to appetizers to entrees. She really knew her stuff because she did not fumble over a single ingredient. We thought we knew what we wanted from the regular menu by the time we sat down (clams casino, two entrees) but upon hearing the specials we completely changed course (punny!) and ordered almost our entire meal from specials.

We started with (special) salads, which we never do, because the ingredients sounded lovely. My partner had something like an apricot and pecan salad and I ordered a spinach salad wrapped in prosciutto with feta or something. I actually wanted the beet salad but she told us about that one by accident or they were out by the time I ordered. My salad was truly a wrap and in my opinion it could have used half the amount of spinach, but both were overall delicious and full of flavors and textures despite being rabbit food.

I lied, we actually started with the complimentary bread and what appeared to be a pesto dip. Nice way to cleanse the palate for sure!

Then we ordered the (special) appetizer that consisted of two clams casino, two clams some-other-way, two giant prawn boys, and two stuffed poblano peppers. We figured why settle for just the clams casino when we could try a sampler? It was yummy but I wish we had just gone for the casino because the entire appetizer ended up being something like $40-50 by itself and we mostly enjoyed the clams anyway. We were both a little creeped out by the prawns haha.

For our meals! I ordered scallops (another special) because I will never turn down scallops, and my partner ordered the only thing from our meal that was off the main menu - the veal parmigiana. When he ordered, the waitress asked what kind of pasta he would like on the side as if it was included but as it turns out the side of pasta was another $12. I could make an entire pound of pasta and sauce from scratch to feed a family of 4 for $12! *Shock* My scallops were delicious. I didn't like his veal but he enjoyed it. The pasta sauce was flavorful and yummy, always a good indicator for a solid Italian restaurant that doesn't skimp on the staples.

By this time I had seen a neighbor table order dessert and there was a huge tray of desserts brought to them and I heard "cheesecake" so I decided to get wild and top off my meal with some dessert. I ordered the pumpkin cheesecake. It was a perfectly textured/baked slice, but I didn't get a lot of pumpkin flavoring, and I am all about that basic b* fall PSL life so I was, admittedly, a little disappointed. Did it stop me from eating the entire thing? No. 

Then our bill came. We had tried estimating it along the way and knew it would be over $100 but we didn't expect it to be $195 (over $100 per person with tip)!

I left feeling quite satisfied, check shock aside. Everything we ate was delicious, albeit a little pricier than we anticipated. If we come back here I think we will limit ourselves to our normal 2 courses each and we will at least be aware that the specials are also especially priced and not always commiserate with similar-sounding standard-menu counterparts. It would be swell if the restaurant could print the specials so we know the prices and so the servers don't have to rattle them off for 20 minutes at the start of the meal. But, I had a similar experience at another Italian place (Giorgio on Pine) so I guess it's just an ambience thing to shout an entire new menu to me as a patron when I sit down. I can get with it.

But seriously, #noregrets. Definitely try this place!!
Went before the Flyers game Monday night and we were tight on time. They were aware and got the food out fast and service was great. Started with a hot appetizer sampler for the table. It was so good we had two!  Had stuffed hot peppers (fantastic!), stuffed clams, shrimp, etc.  
The had the Veal Chop cooked medium rare (and cooked like I ordered it) with long hots. Don't eat red meat all that often and it was a treat.
Not a very impressive wine list but had one of the few Brunellos on the menu (a Banfi 2004) so all was good.
Would like to chill out a bit more the next time and not rush through it. This place, after all the years, continues to offer great service and consistently good, old school Italian food.
I just moved into Bella Vista and wanted to check out all of the local spots nearby. I haven't heard much about Saloon and I was actually expecting it to be just a small dingy bar but as soon as I walked in I was so impressed! The decor is classic Italian with an inviting atmosphere.  It is a full service restaurant with a welcoming bartender, Franky, who greeted my friends and I as soon as we walked it. 

I just a a small bit to eat and a drink at the bar and I'm already hooked and can't wait to return. They have a full dinner menu with great Italian cuisine selections. I had the stuffed peppers and really enjoyed them.  Two come to an order and it's only $8! They are poblano peppers stuffed with ground veal and topped with melted mozzarella cheese. It has a bit of a kick to it so if you don't like spicy food don't order it. 

This is a great neighborhood spot with amazing service, delicious food and an extensive drink selection. I will certainly be back for a full meal soon!
Very good food and a cool vibe in a Philly staple. We went with a group of four, and everyone really enjoyed their meal. The Italian sampler appetizer was great -- it came with clams casino, clams pavorotti, shrimp, and stuffed peppers, and all but the shrimp were really good. (The shrimp were fine, but nothing special.) The real standout among the apps, though, was the prosciutto-wrapped spinach salad, which is not only pretty original, but also outstanding.

For the entrees, we got the chicken melanzana, branzino, braciole, and veal piccante, all of which were very good, but the braciole got the best reviews from our group. We also got chocolate cake and chocolate chip cheesecake for dessert, which were good, but not great.

Overall, a really solid place in Philly that I would recommend.
Food on the whole was average at best.  Service was not up to what we were expecting.  When we were seated we got shuffled from one server to the next.  My wife ordered the Dover sole and we asked that it be deboned.   Well the room is dark and the bones were not removed very well so to say the least she was disappointed.  I had the Ravioli and would consider it average.  I am rating the overall experience with 3 stars and overall it could have been two, but when we complained they did take off the price of the sole.  We went here on the recommendation of long time Philadelphia residents, and would try it again reluctantly.
Been meaning to write this one for a few weeks.  Been years since i visited the Saloon. WTH was i thinking?  Lol.  Food and vibe here rocks. Clams casino were my favorite.  They do it right here.  Old school w/ flavor & solid execution.
Great place, great food. I've been here once but look forward to coming back again. Smack dab in the middle of oldschool South Philly mob territory. The decor and ambience is fantastic. If the walls in that place could talk they'd be in the bottom of the Delaware river or in the witness protection by now. The food was outstanding and so was the service. One of the biggest pros about this place is they have their own free parking lot.
The ambience of this restaurant is beautiful but it is definitely suffering from the amount of competition there is in Philadelphia.  On a Saturday night, it was pretty empty.   It used to be great but the food quality is not up to par and it is very expensive for what you get.  When we ordered salads, no fresh ground pepper was offered, the crab in the salad tasted old.  The bread was warm on the outside but cold on the inside.  The wine list is very limited and the wine per glass, despite being pricey, tasted off, as if it had not been stored well.  I tried two types of wine and both were not underwhelming for $16 per glass and very small pours.  The entrees for $30 dollars or more, only include one piece of meat and no sides such as vegetables, roast potatoes etc.  When your son says that the Veal Parmigiano tastes better at home than at the restaurant and that there is no point to go out, you know there is a problem.
My dinner there was phenomenal. I have not been here in at least 5 years and had to entertain a particular (and important) client.  Everything was great.  The fillet I had was perfectly prepared, the wine suggestion that my server - Stacey - made was excellent.  Throughout she was prompt and attentive as well as the other staff.  My client and her nephew had various seafood dishes that were interesting and wonderfully prepared.  Dessert was great and their coffee was excellent.  It was one of those nights where if I had suggested the wrong place it could have been a train wreck but the Saloon definitely was a good call.
Amazing!!! We came in with a party of 16 and service was incredible .  However, the food .... lobster and tomato salad with lump crab.  And the scallops grilled as an Appetizer!!'  
I'm a proclaimed "foodie" from NYC and I was totally impressed!
I love this place and would recommend it!  
I plan on visiting the next time I'm in Philly.
The Saloon was a total surprise. Just moved into the new place in the neighborhood and was looking for a place to get a drink and relax. I was so wrong thinking this is just a neighborhood old man's bar. Deco is old fashion, lots of wood and tiles. Bar tender Frankie is very friendly but not in an intrusive way. We had some wine, split the app for two and the octopus salad. Let me tell you, it was outrageously good. The grill octopus was so tender it melt in your mouth. The app for two had two had lots of items on it,  but the most outstanding item on the app was the grilled langassino (sp?) And above all, the pesto they serve with the bread was so good I can just sit there and have that and bread and wine all night long. Wonder if they sell the pesto by itself. I can do a lot with it.
Ill be honest... I wasnt expecting it to be more than a stuffy whatever spot and I rolled up to the bar upstairs last night to have a drink with a real estate client/friend... Patti the bar tender was very nice.  She has been there since 1992!  Slammin!  Many of the people who work there have been for a loooonng time. The bar was small but fun!  NIce people up there... we didnt eat, and I know the food is to die for, but we did enjoy some wine and cheese.  I spent about 20 minutes rubber necking the stuff on the wall and the exposed brick interior that isnt polished and cleaned up like one would normally encounter.  Very nice... good pregame spot or mingle with the patrons.  Good times.
The layout of this place is really interesting. Lots of different spaces that create an intimate surrounding. My husband and I shared 2 different appetizer specials. We had a spinach salad rolled with Prosciutto that was very tasty. We also shared an appetizer platter with 2 different kinds of clams, grilled shrimp  and stuffed poblano peppers. I had the pepper and found the veal stuffing just as I would like. My husband enjoyed 2 different kinds of stuffed clams and we decided to bring the rest home to make sure we were hungry for our main course. I had Bronzino with crab meat topped with a light wine sauce. I must admit this was the best Bronzino I ever had. Very fresh and the delicate flavors of the fish came through. My husband had the lobster dish off the menu served similarly to my fish. He ate very bite, which for him is unusual. 

Our wait staff was attentive and knowledgeable, especially our waitress Hannah. Do make sure you ask for the prices of the specials before you order so there are no surprises when the check comes. We thought our appetizer platter to be a bit over priced.   

We will definitely return as the food was great and the parking was free and convenient, a rarity in the city.
This was the first time coming here and it was excellant! I had the angel hair with crabmeat. It was worth every bite! They have an extensive wine menu and the only wine I drink is Moscato, but they didn't have it. The server suggested an ice wine which  I've never heard of before, but it was very interesting. I liked it very much! It was a bottle tinier than a normal-size bottle and I drank the whole thing. Delicious and sweet!! The strawberry shortcake melts in your mouth, with the freshly-made whipped cream. It was a little rich for my stomach, so if you have stomach problems maybe only 3 bites. I will definitely go back here. This place is very romantic and nice for special occasions. It' very rustic and beautiful inside.
This is my favorite "special occasion" restaurant.  The food is delicious, the staff is wonderful (and beautiful), the atmosphere is classic and sophisticated. Its also a great place to meet for drinks on a Friday or Saturday night.  There is a bar upstairs and downstairs and the last couple of times I went for drink there was live jazz upstairs so it was a lot of fun.
Had a great meal here for my fiances bday. This is a place thats great for a special occasion. Its got an old school vibe about it, like back in the day when the whole neighborhood was italian.  
We ordered the veal chop w mushrooms in a demi and the lobster francaise.  My veal was great..seriously great..but if you ever come here you MUST get the lobster francaise. Its seriously the most tender lobster dish around. Like melt in yo mouf good.  So there you go.
The service was perfect. The decor is amazing, fun and a ton of history. The food was delicious and certainly priced fairly. As an original Philadelphian I'm upset I haven't found this neighborhood gem any sooner. I can't wait to go back.
I went to the saloon restaurant last night. The place has an old but unique set up and decor. Our waitress was amazing and very accommodating. Even though our meal was super expensive, it was delicious. The daily specials are the way to go, you'll be paying a little more but won't be disappointed.
This place is top shelf. Bring a lot of money cause it can get expensive. There are lesser priced dishes but the specials sound sooo good! Been going to the Saloon for at least 20 years.
If you want classic, old school Italian food that's good for the soul, the Saloon is an excellent choice. Walking into the Saloon, you feel as though you are traveling back in time! Their food is outstanding, and definitely competes with Philadelphia staples like Dante and Luigi's and the Victor Cafe. The service is attentive, welcoming, and friendly. The parking situation is accommodating as they offer valet. No need to worry about trying to find a place to park in the area. I will definitely return to the Saloon.
OMG what a find!!! Service was impeccable!!! Food - Amazing!!! I had the Branzino... Wow!!! Highly recommend!!!!! Local place with great atmosphere!!!!!
This place is unbelievable top-notch best steak and lobster I ever ate and would recommend it to anyone!
A million stars for Saloon!  I dined there for the first time for my husband's birthday and we were there with another couple.  Our primary reason for going was to listen to the Hot Club of Philadelphia gypsy jazz band which was performing.  When I made our reservation online I requested a seat near the music if possible, and we could not have had a more perfect table.  My husband, who adores the band, was absolutely thrilled!  The band was awesome, and their volume (we were sitting right next to them) wasn't too loud to hinder conversation. Our waitress even introduced us to the band, and was generally super friendly and accommodating.  I didn't feel rushed at all, and we stayed almost three hours.  And our table was ready as soon as we walked in the door.

The food - oh my goodness, heavenly!  If there could be a downside (there isn't), it would be that every item on the menu looks and seems amazing and it was hard to choose.  HUGE seafood selection, which I thought was a huge plus.  Gluten free pasta options too.  My husband and I shared steamed clams in the white sauce, veal piccante, and braciole - all perfect.  Still thinking about that veal.  Our friends ordered angel hair with crab meat and the petite filet; got a taste of those and they were also delicious.  Our dessert was the mascarpone double chocolate cake and I had to stop myself from licking the plate.  Seriously good food.

Ambiance was also lovely!  Very old-timey, seems pretty rich with history, swanky without being stuffy.  High recommendation for a special outing!  (Not in our average eating-out budget, but well worth saving for a special event).
My wife and I had a date night this past Saturday.  Tickets to a concert and decided to have a nice dinner beforehand.  We decided on The Saloon, which we have not been to in quite a while.  We now wonder why we hadn't been there in so long!

We didn't have too long to eat, so our waitress, Jase, suggested we put in our order right away.  She made sure we left with plenty of time to spare.

Everything was impeccable!  We shared an appetizer that was some sort of field greens wrapped inside of prosciutto along with walnuts, cranberries and an Italian cheese.  It was then drizzled with balsamic.  Very good.

For entrees, my wife had the linguini with lobster in an amazing sauce.  The lobster was perfectly done and the homemade linguini melted in your mouth.  I had the Bronzino, which was dipped in a very light batter and then topped with crab in a light sauce.  The Bronzino couldn't have been done any better!

As great as the meal was, it was only outdone by the service provided by Jase (sp?).  She was one of the most charming, personable and attentive waitresses I have ever had.

All in all...an extremely memorable experience.  Great service, food and ambiance!!  One that will assure I am back again as soon as I possibly can!!
Delicious!! Spinach wrapped in prosciutto to the Bronzino topped with crab!! Make sure to save room for dessert!
Came here for my sister's birthday dinner. It was very good, our waitress, I believe her name was Rachel, she was very professional and knew the daily specials from the back of her head. I had the salmon with a cream sauce, it was soooo good, and there was a prosciutto wrap salad, that was excellent also. Good food and service equal to 5 stars!
Drinks were great , food was really good, lobster francaise in cognac sauce. Service was excellent  , jazz band great also.
We have now been to Saloon twice. The summer menu offers a lot of crabmeat dishes (sweethearts favorite).  On our last visit on New Years Eve, there were very few options offering crab. No worries...I had seafood pasta, which was full of mussels, clams and shrimp. Sweetheart had the veal. Good service, generous portions, great atmosphere. A Philly classic which has surpassed the test of time.
I'm looking forward to trying their food! 

I've been to the Saloon for pre and/or post dinner drinks on more than one occasion. The Saloon is surrounded by quite a few BYOB's so it's nice to be able to pop in somewhere for a glass of wine. The bartender is wonderful. He's super friendly and accommodating. While just having a glass of wine on each visit we were welcomed with freshly shaved Parmesan cheese, olives, and potato chips. 

Check out the old cash register behind the bar- super neat! The bathrooms are very nice too! 

The menu looks and smells delicious so I'll be sure to come back for dinner soon!
Old, old food, old people, old everything. Food is way over priced and so mediocre. Also, why are there so many old Italians trying to act like they're in the mafia here? You're not in the mafia, there is no mafia, go home.
I came here with my friend and it was a really good spot for dinner. The parking was easy cause they have 2 lots with valet parking so that was good. I started off with the fennel salad which was really good and for my main meal I got the lobster francaise which was also really good and filling. Our bartender Frank was great the entire time. For dessert I had the banana Napoleon and it was probably one of the best desserts I've had in a long time. My friend got the chocolate peanut butter cake thing and I tried it, it was just as good as my dessert. So the food and service overall was great and we'll definitely be back.
My husband I I wanted to start a new tradition of our own to eat out locally for the traditional 7 fishes on Christma Eve.  We had several good choices near by but we thought The Saloon would be an even more special treat.  There was a pre set menu offered for the occasion, and we enjoyed everything the Saloon offered. 

The unfortunate part was the service.  I expect that if I'm paying nearly $200 for a dinner for 2, I would not have to ask for our drinks by the second course.  My drink was ok, I thought for $200 it might be garnished w a lemon or lime without asking but at that point at least we had our drinks because our waitress was far from accomodating, apologetic, and I was obviously on her nerves even though I asked politely (...how dare I?).  She was a beautiful girl with a flat affect who may have been disappointed to work Christmas Eve instead of seeing it as a gold mine night for a good tip.  

This is the part that got under my skin.... We asked for our check, she presented it ... $182 dollars.  I handed her 3 $100 bills and she asked me three times if I wanted change.  each time I clearly stated yes as she would stare at me blankly and then ask again.  She then took the check and took forever to return.  After approx 20  mins she handed me the change.  She stood about 6 inches from my body and said to me, thank you very much but  way into my personal space.  I looked at her and said Merry Christmas and refused to hand her any money until after she walked away as I noticed she did not bring all of my change.  She decided to round up the check to bring me back ony 1 $10, 1 $5 and 2 $50 bills.  I obviously wasn't giving her only a $15 dollar tip, but at this point I didn't not feel she earned a $50.  Plus, she already took three dollars for herself.  

I went to the bar, asked for change of the fifty and left her a 20% tip.  Actually, at the bar I overheard a bus boy reporting other complaints about their service to what seemed like a mgr, I could only ownder that it was the same girl.  

I'm sure 20% wasn't to her satisfaction, but her service wasn't to my satisfaction either.

Great food, but the service left a bad taste in my mouth.  Will never spend another special occasion there again.
Really liked the branzino with crab meat. Lightly battered fish topped with fresh crab. The branzino main was best to share given the large portion

Skip the calamari appetizer - didn't like the watery tomato sauce that accompanied the calamari. 

Pouilly fuisse wine was quite good by the glass.
The best Restaurant in Philadelphia. Good food is worthy of good service. Thank you!  I will visit again ASAP.
First, free valet parking is clutch around these parts.

Ambience of the restaurant reminds me of where Mr. Burns would choose to dine, which should not be considered an insult. The service is excellent, always available, accommodating, and helpful without being overwhelming.

We had a private table for 20 or so and were able to order off the menu. Complimentary bread with pesto sauce was a nice touch. 

I started off with a caesar salad, that tasted like a good caesar salad, nothing to complain or write home about. Moving on to the main course, I had the small bowl of Rigatoni Sesso, or large rigatoni with a tomato sauce, sweet italian sausage, and sun-dried tomatoes.  A good deal at only $10. It satisfied, but not something I'd order again. I then had the Chicken Melanzana, where they stuff chicken with eggplant, smoked mozzarella, and roll it in a white wine sauce served over whipped potatoes. This dish grew on me as I ate it, and really was well balanced and cooked properly.  The following dessert tray had a smattering of choices, however, will not get a rise out of a dessert fiend. 

I would return with colleagues or if I had a big group as they have menu choices for everyone, including vegetarians; however, I would not personally come here with a small group of friends. But that's just me, the ambience and offerings here may certainly satisfy you.
Solid italian food - enjoyed the salads especially
Nice old world ambience - no intrusive music
Free parking and easy to find
Knowledgeable wait staff
Expensive 
Smallish portions
Our particular server had a great memory for the specials but not for the things we requested
Absolutely loved this place, my favorite restaurant in Philly and maybe ever. The decor is warm and inviting (not to mention a photo of my Great Grand Pop is on the wall).  Unfortunately, I forget our waitresses name but she was incredible...helpful, nice and funny.  We ordered a lot of food...so I can't remember it all. I had the Petite Filet  in a port wine sauce. Easily the best steak I've ever had, ever. Very simple, cooked perfectly and HUGE. We also had the calamari which wasn't oily and mushy as I sometimes have gotten it at restaurants. My boyfriend ordered the Linguine Pescatore, which was awesome, no shortage of seafood in there. I'll make it clear that I've only been here once, but it left a great impression and I can't wait to go back!!
This is a classic old style establishment. You can tell once stepping in the front door. There are multiple bars that offer an opportunity to experience your drink with atmosphere. Hmm if i only could of had a cigar too....

We had a great meal here. The food was good quality and there were a wide variety of specials to choose from. Of the various apps the one that stood out most was the octopus which was very tender. I had the Langostino which were cooked perfect sweet and tender. My wife ordered the lobster fra diavolo. Our complaint was that it was lite on the pasta and the lobster wasn't Maine but rock lobster instead. FYI, All sides were ala carte. Another in our party got a veal chop. The other dishes looked good as well. The deserts were ok and the best was the banana creme pie. I would certainly return again for both the atmosphere and the food.
Amazing service.  Food is excellent.  The waitstaff are very professional and know their stuff. Awesome decor.  Loved the experience.
At this price point, I expect to be wow'd. Good service, albeit very slow, and beautiful atmosphere; but the food and wine were so overpriced, mediocre and uninspiring that we walked home fantasizing about what our $200 would have got us from the likes of Landau, Solomonov, and Elmi.
Late night review - Gorgeous atmosphere. Felt a bit under dressed when my boyfriend walked in and needed to use the restroom post last bar status. 

The bartender incredible. He fit right into where we were. I got an old fashioned as recommended... it wasn't very good. 

They seem to have some regulars, who were extremely rude. Mostly going though menopause. Would like to come again for dinner. as far as cocktails...this is not the place.
Really loved this place. Ate here a few weeks back when I was in Philly for work. The atmosphere is very chill and the decor is really neat. The food was excellent too. Carole Baskin killed her husband. I will definitely be back and highly recommend this Italian gem.
Ate here with some work colleagues in March 2019 based on a recommendation from our hotel shuttle driver.  What a hidden gem!

Old school Italian restaurant, with a old school eclectic decor.  The vibe was very fun and sophisticated.

The staff was amazing, very attentive, friendly and professional.

The food was incredible.  Everything is a la cart.  The food and drinks are expensive, but worth it.  Everything we ordered was delicious.  

This is a great restaurant for celebrations, and dates.

I will eat here again when I return to Philly.
The Saloon is one of those Philly restaurants you must go to. It's got that rare combination of style, ambiance, great food, and good service. It's the kind of place for people who love food. Do not invite your friends or family who eat to sustain. We all know people like that. They are not the audience here. The portions are all about decadence and plenty of it. You will be treated to magnificent portions of steak, veal, seafood, and more and you won't want to bring any of it home because it's so good, you'll want to finish it all there. The beauty of The Saloon, like most good places, is you can customize everything. If jumbo lump crabmeat is your thing, you can have it as a topping on any entrée. I added it to my Veal Piccante and it was soooo good. It made a good thing great. I also love the Grilled Langoustines. I ate all four. So good! I had them last time I was there, too, when I ordered the incredible Lobster Francaise, a South African lobster tail lightly battered and fried... and crabmeat on top! Don't forget the crabmeat! The martinis are also fabulous. Given a choice between this place and the chain steak places, The Saloon would win every time. Pray and hope that you get a table upstairs for a dynamite experience.
I cannot express, how good Saloon is - but I'll try. If you're looking for the perfect old school, South Philly, date night spot this is IT. 

We have a few couple friends that we've been here a few times with and I have never been disappointed. If you, and once indoor dining opens again, try to snag a seat upstairs. Everything from the red lighting to the wall decor creates the coziest setting. 

We ordered two of the appetizer samplers that come with stuffed clams, veal stuffed poblano peppers, and prawns - I'd highly recommend if you want a little bit of everything (and drizzle some of the oil they give you on top - it's AMAZING!). I'm a big seafood person and always love the Crab Stuffed Salmon, but got the Scallops & Crab in Cognac sauce off their specials menu the last time we went and it was out of this world. My friend got the truffle steak and also raved about it. 

I'm not a huge dessert person, but you really can't go wrong with anything on their menu. And don't skip on an espresso martini to finish things off.
This is one of the best Italian restaurants in the world . Order the side of peppers and the saloon or fennel salad. The veal parm is spot on. The pasta is the best you will ever have.
The best in Philly. The gnocchi are phenomenal. One of the few places that still make braciole.
Quite possibly my favorite dining experience ever. In Philly on business and came to Saloon for dinner based off of a recommendation from a fellow hotel guest I met in the lobby - so happy I took the stranger's advice. The food was epic and the service phenomenal. If you have a chance to sit at the bar and chat with Frankie, I can assure you that you'll learn a thing or two about life and will walk away with a new friend and one of the best (and most memorable) experiences. I can't wait to come back.
Recently had dinner here.  The food was fabulous, all 4 of us loved our meals - filet moda, tuna, and 2 veal dishes.  Apps also v good.  The service was not very good - we made the best of it such that it was almost comical.  Saloon used to be good at service but that has not been our more recent experience.  So, tighten that up plus make everyone feel welcome - not just your regulars and my 3 star will return to a 5!
would rate this place a -400 stars if i could. nothing to do with food or atmosphere but the male staff and management towards the female servers. been here only once and i overheard the male manager degrade one of the female servers using sexual derogatory words. absolutely disgusting. have heard from close friends having the same experience observing similar treatment. these women just trying to make ends meat but have to endure a hostile work environment. cant believe this issue still exists in our world but alas we are here. these women may not take it to the next level but hopefully my review puts a spotlight on this huge repulsive issue. get it together pigs
The food here is DELISH! We got:

- bread (free and excellent), 
- tuna sashimi appetizer (excellent), 
- caesar salad (not incredible), 
- bragiole (holy shit that was so goddamn delish) 
- lobster fettuccine (pasta was overcooked and soft) 
- gluten free spaghetti (not terrible, which is a win for GF!!) 
- berry tart (not incredible) 
- almond cake (wayy better than expected) 

Hope this helps someone!
Amazing meal! Great service and excellent food. Loved the atmosphere. Faves were the pasta and mussels but everything was delicious. Will definitely be back!
Amazing that the food is still excellent, but the waitresses stink. They use to be a main attraction, for both looks and service.  The waiters are better now except for the one who is ok with you substituting what you may not want, for a charged side dish.  The interior is fabulous.  Pricing has gotten better offering good value for high quality product and perfect execution.  Service should be more professional, as it will keep me away for a while.
