When its late at night and you want something to eat , any of the pizza places in the area is a good place to call. 

We usually order buffalo wings , i think their wings is okey and sauce is too salty but my friend likes it so it works out .  
 
We came in one day to get pizza slices , the girl behind the cash register was rude and snotty . When she saw us standing in front of her , she did not ask the typical "what can I get you " instead it was just a blank stare . When I placed my order , she started laughing .  

There are way too many pizza places in the area for you to act like a child . Even children could behave better than you . 

With so many competition in university city ; keep up with the behavior !
This place is absolutely terrible and racist.  The manager and the assistant manager both refused to serve us because "our kind" was not welcomed at the establishment.  We were kicked out forcibly and embarrassed.  I am surprised such an establishment even exists in the North East.  I was very appalled.
It's a shame that I cannot give this restaurant anything LESS than 1 star - it honestly deserves 0 for the complete lack of respect and value that this establishment had for its customers. 

From the time we ordered to the time we left, we were not only harassed by the upper management, but were shouted and yelled at each time, leaving us completely stunned and utterly disgusted with the way this restaurant treats its patrons. Needless to say, neither I nor my party will never return. 

I would think twice before coming here - particularly if you are coming with guests you are hosting.
I have had many good meals here but today I was so disappointed. I ordered a Capri panini with avocado instead of mozzarella. When ordered, they didn't tell me they were out of mozzarella so they gave me a sandwich with two slices of tomato and 3 leaves of basil. I called again and asked for extra basil and they sent me 3 more leaves. I am not sure how expensive basil is nowadays (except that it's super cheap) so I think they could've at least given me some basil for my tomato sandwich.
This is a complicated review because overall i love Savas. The location is wonderful and always well managed as far as decor and fast service. You can pretty much go there for a quick slice of pizza n beer or sit down and select from a well rounded menu. The food is pretty darn good overall!!

But......those red velvet pancakes? Hmmmm
They good, but not great. But not, NOT great, you follow me? 

For the 12 dollar price tag i expected a healthier plate of pancakes compare to the large size of pancakes at....well lets called them "mean eggs" cafe. The Sava pancakes were borderline iHOP quality. 
Thats not a diss!! I swear! I like IHOP pancakes! IHOP were just...fluffier and didnt have a sorta weird after taste. But i liked them anyway! Gosh this is weird lol
Everything else i ate (eggs, sausage, pizza, etc) was really good here. I'll always come to eat at Savas. I just wont get the pancakes lol
Review based on ordering during COVID-19.

Easily one of the best delivery experiences I've had so far. The food was picked up, I was notified they received and sent out my order and everything was delivered in about 30 minutes. I understand things are difficult during this time - so kudos.

The eats were awesome - we got a buffalo chicken salad and the grilled chicken souvlaki platter. Everything was freshly warm and the buffalo chicken salad was real grilled chicken in perfect tangy buffalo sauce. Definitely more tangy than spicy but still very good. Chicken souvlaki platter was also delicious.
Very nice eatery, just a few blocks from home, with a decent selection of foods and nice service.  Savas Brick Oven Pizzeria is a relative newcomer to the mid-scale eating scene in Philadelphia, after their relatively recent renovation in mid-2010.

For the UC crowd, it serves as a nice pizzeria and bar with a wide assortment of pizzas as well as other dishes.  From wraps and paninis, all the way to semi-gourmet pastas, Savas has the ability to cater to a wide variety of audiences.  The ambiance is very nice, ranging from the mood lighting to the plentiful LCD monitors, which make this a decent "wannabe sports bar."

The breakfast selection is very nice, with decent portions (fluffy 3 egg omelet with choice of three ingredients, toast/bagel, home style potatoes, fruit cup, and drink) coming in at a reasonable 6.95.  Other options exist, but I personally swear by the 3-egg creation, so I haven't given much sampling to the others just yet.

For lunch and dinner, the fare is varied and most importantly, the food is cooked well.  The staff is very knowledgable and friendly - most of the time; I had one bad occasion out of 15-20 visits.  Their bar selection seems to be very good (cannot comment on the quality of the drinks personally), and the place is always doing well during the nights and weekends.  Reservations really aren't needed, as they usually have a table open somewhere, but one knock is that the food can take a bit of time to come.  If you're in a hurry or are just downright starving, I recommend going for one of the pizza slices (they're made fresh and are on display as you're walking in - so you can choose the one that looks good to you), as they take under 5 minutes or so.

Other than the occasional delay in service, there really isn't much else to gripe about this place.  Prices are decent for a UC eatery (you can get away within 10-15 bucks for a full meal, 2.77 for a specialty slice of pizza), which suits students quite well.

I've come to know the staff well over the past few months (live close by, so it's become a staple eatery for me), and they're always looking to help make your visit better in any way they can.  The family that owns it constantly is in and out of the place (sometimes the father and son mans the register when the place is busy), and they strive to do their best.

Alcohol selection on the take out beer side seem to be very extensive (you'll know what I mean when you see the three huge refrigerators in the main entrance area), and at 12$ for a mixed 6-pack, they seem to be relatively reasonably priced.  There seem to be some exotic selections as well, which should please the more refined beer drinker (if such a concept even exists).  :)

If you're a student and need a place to study and eat without being bothered, come here in the mid-afternoon.  It is usually relatively calm, and the staff is very accommodating (I usually get an isolated table in the corner). They are really good with making sure that you're taken care of.  I personally come here to do readings, and always get my work done.

All in all, a good place that I recommend for students and UC visitors alike.

Good eats!
Was in town for the DNC and was hoping to grab some late-night food. The driver couldn't find a fairly obvious and very large hotel on the BF pkwy (he was on a smartphone...why it didn't occur to him to use GPS is perplexing) He called me a total of 6 times to tell me he was almost there or made a wrong turn or ask what it was near etc. Finally got here, made the food/tip exchange (wish I had tipped credit so I could have gotten a refund) Got up to my room and realized he had given me the wrong pizza from another grubhub order (effectively screwing up two orders in one go, quite a feat) Tried calling him, no answer despite his previous chattiness, and the restaurant was already closed. Grubhub refunded me so I'm only out 5 dollars but i'm hangry af... once it became clear he wasn't coming back i tried the pizza. it sucks.
Service was a bit off putting both times I was there. Nothing terrible, but not as attentive as others.

Good wise, brunch was good. Omelette was status quo, had some garlic Parmesan wings which hit the spot though.

I prefer this place for lunch. Buffalo chicken wrap was good and filling. Would order again.
This was the first stop on my June 2013 Tour de Philly and unfortunately it was a bit of a stumble out of the starting gate. 

I guess I've been spoiled by NYC pizza because the crust was too bready for my taste, and the service was somewhat sub-par.

On the plus side, the menu was pretty expansive and it was one of the only places in the area open past 10pm.
I've ordered from Savas multiple times now, and I've eaten in probably five times.  It's easily one of the best and most affordable restaurants in the Drexel area, since the food is usually better than food I've ordered from nearby restaurants, and the price is generally lower.

I haven't had especially great experiences with their pizza - there is definitely better pizza in the area - but their other menu items are quite good, for the most part.  Their shrimp scampi is tasty, if a little low on shrimp.  Their salads are pretty good, their pasta dishes (especially the alfredo) are almost always excellent, and their breakfast is phenomenal.  Boyd found his fajita and fries very tasty, and Jen seemed to enjoy her tuna melt.  Portion sizes usually run large, so prepare for leftovers.

I wasn't pleased with the salmon I ordered tonight, unfortunately.  It was very obviously not fresh, and the pasta was practically inedible due to an excess of capers.  The flavors were far too strong and didn't complement each other well.

Their chocolate lava cake is absolutely delicious.  If you're going for breakfast, I personally recommend the Philly French toast, which is topped with sweet cream cheese, strawberries, and banana slices, or the belgian waffles, which are totally worth the extra dollar for strawberries and whipped cream.  Beware - if you order pancakes, you get a LOT of pancakes.

Previous reviewers' complaints about the service baffle me.  The service, while not necessarily Savas' primary selling point, is always punctual and cordial, in my experience - both eating in and ordering for delivery.
I went to Savas last week and had the Belgian waffles for breakfast! They were perfectly cooked and they came with strawberries and powdered sugar on top. The service was definitely on par and the wait staff was very friendly. I highly recommend going to this restaurant for not only a great breakfast, but lunch and dinner as well
For the past 3 years I've been living in Philadelphia, Savas has always been my go to pizza place. I'm the type that finds something they like and stick with it so I always get their plain slice, baked ziti, garlic bread or salad. On occasion, I've strayed away from these items and tried their paninis, hummus, fries, onion rings, mozzarella sticks and hoagie. Let me just say, I've been disappointed lots. Out of all those things, I'd say only their mozzarella sticks and hoagie were MEDIOCRE, the rest were well below average. Additionally, their service is horrendous. I come here relatively often, probably at least twice a week, and it's very rare to have a good waitress who isn't rude, doesn't forget parts of our order, actually refills our drinks, checks up on us, etc. As I've been a regular customer for three years, I've seen many waitresses come and go, but it seems like the level of service has not improved much at all. However, I have to admit that a few of their newer cashiers have impressed me with their politeness.

I give this place 4 stars because their pizza is probably my favorite in University City. They'd have a lot more loyal customers if their service was improved and they respected their customers more, ESPECIALLY if they're regular customers.
Get the Greek food and nothing else.

Best hummus and pita I've ever had, hands down.

The pizza, not so much. I think that for a brick oven place, you better get your pizza down. The margherita pizza we ordered was...okay. It had maybe 4 small slices of mozzarella on it, so when it was baked, the uncovered sauce dried out on the dough, which was a little TOO crispy.

It also took 20 years for our food to come out.
The bartender was awesome, though.
I've been a patron at Savas since my Freshman year at Drexel, and I have always considered them pretty good. Over the last few months since I started my senior year, I have been going less and less because I keep having negative experiences with orders being messed up, and recently, attitude from the cashiers. Meaning, I feel like the people working there, especially past 10pm, dont want to help you. All I want is a piece of pizza and a six-pack, and someone to give it to me with a smile like I gave them.
Food was good, but service was horrible.
Will definitely be doing take out for future visits
This establishment appeared highly unorganized. As there are two entrances no one seemed to know where to stand to wait, or when to approach the counter and the staff did nothing to clarify this. As for the food, I was confused at how a slice of pizza that took so long to get to me could be so cold, or how garlic knots that come with Parmesan cheese could a) also be cold B) not taste of garlic c) lack Parmesan, and D) not be knots. I was essentially given unadorned  Pillsbury crescents. The staff was nice though.
It's so sad this is one of the only places in the area to get brunch. It probably has the worst service I've ever encountered. On average a meal here takes about two hours. There's never a wait to be seated and most tables are empty. Actually I've never seen someone at the bar. 
Even at nights, the wait to get a slice of pizza warmed up is insane. It can't take that long! 
And it's not like I had one bad encounter. Ive come here several times over the years at Drexel and it's never gotten better. 
The food is subpar, the price is average and good luck hunting your waiter down. You can just do better elsewhere. Even if you're only coming here for alcohol- walk two doors down. Mad Greeks is cheaper.
Located near Drexel, Savas serves pizza, Stromboli, pasta, wraps, and paninis. I had a large Stromboli and wow, was it large. Like I usually eat a lot and o couldn't finish this Stromboli, it must have been at least 18 inches long and 5 inches wide- you could feed 2-4 people with it. The chicken was kind of dry and uneventful, but the meat lovers one was much better- would definitely recommend that instead. 

The best thing I had there by far though was the fries. They are the kind of soggy kind- if you are a crispy fry elitist you will probably hate these, but I'm more of a soggy type person myself so I LOVED them and would definitely recommend it. Pro tip- get the garlic white sauce to dip your Stromboli/pizza/fries in. 

Overall, seating was plentiful but the service was kind of slow- we had to keep asking for water and didn't have enough utensils. Also they ran out of garlic sauce.
I found this to be a nice lil spot on a Sunday after an outing. The layout is pretty cool, I like the multiple seating options. They have a nice sized bar w/ more than enough tv screens for watching games. The staff was very pleasant and the manager was extremely accommodating. I had to send back my pancakes because there was a hair in it (which can happen, not the end of the world, just the end of my pancake lol) I enjoyed my replacement which was a nice, chunky turkey burger. My cousins also enjoyed their meals. It was an all around pretty nice spot. I image it gets extremely busy during sporting events.
~TASTELESS ~Bad layout 

Now maybe I'm spoiled with pizza from brooklyn, long island and NYC, but this place was some to, without a doubt, one of the worst tasting pizza around. 
My friend and I got a slice, me a regular, him a mushroom. We each had half of each and couldn't finish the pizza. The cheese had no character, the sauce was red water, and the dough wasn't fresh. I'm not sure what they are doing serving this pizza, but I would avoid this place at all costs. Ed's down the block, while not great, was much better.
Pub pizza place in the Drexel and UPenn neighborhood. Needed a late dinner and this was one of the few options around that were available. Got the medium meatlovers stromboli. It took them a little while to make the food, but the stromboli tasted pretty good, with plenty of meat inside. The medium one was plenty of food for me, and my stomach hurt a little after eating the whole thing. the large one would probably be two-three meals for me. My friend got a burger, and he liked too.
This place is good bar food, that's really all. The slices used to be huge but recently they're shrunk up, makes me sad. Everything is moderately priced so it's not really worth what you're getting.

My go to however, is delicious. I get a chicken panini, but I replace the honey mustard with the chipotle sauce. Adds a bit of spicey-ness and makes it quite delicious. I still crave that panini
Worst customer service, missed half our take our order and did not compensate.... wasted 2 hours of my life figuring out how to make sense to the manager, SAVAS SUCKS
THIS REVIEW IS PURELY FOR THEIR BEER MENU.

Hello, friendly beer menu... you have listed your price by the bottle/4-pack/ or 6-pack, and also your price if I get beer at the bar. I'd like to thank you for your honesty... It's nice to know I am indeed saving money by buying the bottle to go, as opposed to being overcharged regardless of where I enjoy. I understand bar markup, and I thank you for not carrying it over to take-out.

They have this fabulous option to mix your own six pack from their very long beer list (see below, because this list isn't on their website, but is available to take home(with pricing) from their location), and the mix is priced based on the regular Take Out price. Ex: Heineken 6-pack price is $12, one Heineken is $2 in a custom six pack. They'll quote you a 6 pack price based on your requests, and usually carry all of the following: (Thank you for being a fantastic, diverse selection a few blocks from home.)

Allagash
Amstel Light
Anchor Steam Beer
Arrogant Bastard
Asahi
Belgian White Blue Moon
Brooklyn Lager
Brooklyn Local
Brooklyn Penant Ale
Bud Light
Bud Light Lime
Budweiser
Chimay
Coors Light
Corona Extra
Corona Light
Dead Guy Ale
Dogfish Head 60min
Dogfish Head 90 min
Flying Fish Extra Pale
Flying Fish Hopfish
Franziskaner Weissbier
Guinness Draught
Guinness Extra Stout
Heineken
Heineken Light
Hoegaarden
Ithaca Apricot Wheat
Karnival Koelsch
Kenzinger
La Fin du Monde
Leffe Belgian Ale
Leinekugel Sunset Wheat
Long Trail Pale Ale
Magic Hat #9
Magic Hat Circus Boy
Michelob Ultra
Midas Touch
Mike's Hard Lemonade
Miller High Life
Miller Light
Molson Canadian
Molson Golden
Moosehead Lager
Newcastle Brown Ale
Pacifico Clara
Peroni Nastra
Red Stripe
Rolling Rock
Samuel Adams Boston
Samuel Adams Noble
Sierra Nevada
Smirnoff Blueberry
Smirnoff Green Apple
Smirnoff Ice
Smithwick's
St. Pauli Girl
Stella Artois
Stone IPA
Stoudts Scarlet Lady
Strong Bow Cider
Victory Golden Monkey
Victory HopDevil
Victory Prima
Walt Wit
Woodchuck Cider
Yards Brawler
Yards IPA
Yards Pale Ale
Yuengling Black and Tan
Yuengling Lager

While I didn't include prices, the most expensive are either the highest %ABV, or most exotic. Just for your information, in take out, Arrogant Bastard runs the priciest at 7 dollars a bottle, then Chimay at $26/4.
The cheapest sixpacks are Miller High Life ($8), Michelob and Yuengling ($8.50), and other typical american beers at $9/ six-pack.
We ordered 4 pizza's for our daughters birthday; 1 plain, 1 white, 1 pep and 1 margarita.  We called about an hour before we needed the pizza's letting them know the time we would be in.  The expectation is that they don't start to cook the pizza's until the time needed for them to be hot when we arrive.  Unfortunately, I think they started cooking them as soon as we hung up the phone.  The pizza's were cold and flavorless and the cheese had already started to congeal when we opened them up.  We had a party with hungry kids (and adults) and made do.  I hate to complain because it seems silly....but we had expected yummy pizza's and chose Savas based on the good reviews.  Luckily, we had cake to wash down the cold cheese...
Sava's restaurant is a bubbly, youthful college atmosphere complete with dance-y beats and modern IKEA furniture. Although the service is mid-range during quiet hours and a little on the slow/mistake-ridden side during their busy periods, Sava's is a fabulous place to go for both Italian and Greek cuisines. Brick oven style pizzas with interesting and traditional toppings are a staple at this joint, sitting fabulously atop crisp, yet chewy crust that will remind you why your love for pizza began. My only other minor issue with Sava's beyond their somewhat wishy-washy service is the fact that I am loyal to Coca-Cola and they only serve Pepsi products (big whoop, I know; but for some it matters).
Only go if you are willing to wait an hour plus for your food.  

They are never busy, which makes it surprising that they are still in business.  I went there once before, and thought it was decent enough to come back.    We walked in for lunch this Sunday with a party of four.  We placed our order.  All of us got some sort of sandwich.  We waited and waited.  After a half hour, the waitress came over to offer us sodas because we were waiting for a while.   We kept on waiting, and we asked to speak to the manager because there really was no excuse for waiting an hour so far for sandwiches.  He was not very nice, and said there is nothing he could do, making the excuse that the kitchen was backed up even though no one was in the restaurant.  

Perhaps there is a reason why they are never busy... Try somewhere else around University City for better food and faster service.
I've been putting off reviewing Sava's for some time now hoping eventually I'd get a consistant opinion about this place.  

Powelton Village didn't really need another pizza place (this is now the 4th on Lancaster) but it did need something like Savas.  The restaurant looks great and the food is excellent!  Their lunch/dinner menu has a lot on it and everything I've tried has been the best version I've ever had.  The hummas is amazing and their BBQ sauce is like crack. I've found that Savas has quickly become my go to place for take out/delivery.  

That being said, there are a few downsides to Savas.  First issue: breakfast.  I thought it was awesome they were serving it because this neighborhood was severely lacking a good breakfast joint.  Unfortunately the breakfast menu is limited and everything I've had there has been bland.  Pancakes, waffles, french toast, it all tasted the same.  I guess if you're too lazy to make pancakes for yourself at home it'd be worth trying them here but don't go out of your way to eat here in the morning.
The other issue I have is with their bar.  The bar area, again, looks great but is not being used to it's fullest potential.  Savas has a prime location in a college neighborhood but doesn't seem to want to use that to its advantage.  Drink specials end at 6pm (too early in my opinion) and the bar seems to open late/at odd times.  My friend and I wanted to go in one Saturday afternoon for a few beers and pizza but the bar was closed.  The waiter was totally confused by our request for beer too (it wasn't super early either, like 2-3pm).  

Really the only other issue I have with this place is one of their waiters.  I don't know his name but he waits on us every time I go in.  He really sucks as a waiter and comes across super creepy.  He's always touching us on our shoulders and backs and getting too close for comfort.  Everytime I get really uncomfortable and just want to leave.  One time we went in and were originally being helped by another female server (to our relief) but then he came out of nowhere and insisted on taking over our table.  Because of this guy, I don't like to eat in here anymore.

So my final verdict: Awesome food for take out, they sort of missed the mark on the dine-in side (and need to get rid of the creepy waiter).
Grubhub order. Order never arrived but apparently Grubhub showed it delivered. Hopefully the Carls that got it enjoyed it.
Had their cheese deep dish pizza.  Honestly I wish I could get my money back.  It filled me up but that's about it.  Not the worst pizza I've ever had, but if your looking for something tasty look elsewhere.  Definitely over priced for the quality, maybe one rung above Little Cesars and one rung below Dominos.
I ordered a buffalo chicken cheesesteak from here one night and I guess I didnt notice the name of it on the menu says "buffalo chicken steak" AKA no cheese....the trickery!

I was pretty upset about..So it was just chunks of grilled chicken with minimal hotsauce on a bun.

Super disappointing since Ive heard good things about this place. Not sure if Ill come back
Ordered the barbecue chicken pizza. Being from the south, I've had quite a few of these before. It was certainly underwhelming. Tons of barbecue sauce, very little chicken, no onions, cilantro, and very little cheese. Would definitely not order from here again.
I've been here a bunch of times since I went to Drexel. 

Their food is decent with a nice selection of pizza, panins, wraps, brunch items, etc. It is standard American/Italian food. I wouldn't rave about. The prices are decent. 

Fortunately they're open til 2am or something awesome like that so go get your drunchies on people.
No no no I will not be ordering from here ever again. I tried here again for wings, ordered them crispy, and they came completely dry and devoid of sauce. I understand crispy means more fried, but you do not have to hold it against a girl and compensate by not supplying the buffalo. I tried it again for pizza, ordering the buffalo chicken and some potato skins. It was probably one of the worst, if not the worst, food I have had in Philly. The skins were only cooked and crisped on the front, they were filled with a wiz like substance, but the real issue is they were greasy and soft, not crispy. They were basically baked potatoes that had been pan fried on the front. NOT a potato skin. Bland, Dry, Soggy. The buffalo chicken pizza was so nasty. The cheese was not melted properly and they did not bother to cut it completely. There was way too much sauce and not enough cheese. There also was no blue cheese. It was so bad and left me wondering, how could the cheese feel unmelted yet gummy on an overcooked pizza crust? Is it because of too much sauce, which, by the way, is somehow bland? Anyways I'm sure they get business because of the location, not because of the taste or quality of the food.
We had both the garden and Ceasar salads, which were both big and tasty. Ordered 2 pies: a veggie and margherita. The crust was thin and the pies were well baked, but  overall the crust was too dry. There was a stingy amount of  mozzarella on the margherita pie and both pies lacked a great taste. Savas is certainly a cut above the average pizza joint, but it is not in the ranks of the truly great pie producers. Service was excellent form our cute Romanian waitress, and we liked the spaciousness and decor. The prices are moderate, as our tab, including the 2 salads, 2 soft drinks, and a large and medium pie was less than $40 before the tip.
I've never had a bad thing at Savas. We mostly order delivery so I can't speak to dine-in but our orders are always correct and delicious. I'm personally a huge fan of the paninis.

The menu is pretty big and has something for everyone. The pizza is just fine so I wouldn't necessarily recommend it if you're ordering from here there's so many other great options. 

They also have six packs and last time I was there I saw they can deliver beer now too.
Before you eat anything, go to the bathroom so you can see the sink. I run to see it every time I am there. It is seriously a work of art. It might take you some time to even figure out that it is a sink and not some rich man's bidet. 

The whole place for a pizza joint is really clean and "upscale"-inspired. Very nice decor -- not even sure why they spent so much on it when its demographic is pretty much poor college students.

The pizza is efficient, nothing crazy good, but the strombolis, now there is your winner. Great strombolis, can be watery if you get very vegetable heavy options, but still really good. Service is awesome. 

And did I mention it is open until 2am?! That is pretty much the best food you will get at that time. 

Enjoy. Don't forget, must see the sink!
I have been here three times for lunch and the wait staff is completely overrun.  They don't even seem to have sections.  You can watch the servers run over ever inch of the restaurant.  I can't even blame them for the poor service.  I can see they are working really hard, there just aren't enough servers.

On all three occasions, my food was dropped off and I wasn't checked on again until 35 minutes later.  Each time, I was sitting without a beverage for 20 minutes.  On my last visit, it took so long that there wasn't even any ice left in my drink.  When the server refilled my soda, I was left with a warm drink with no ice.  The food would be okay if it ever came out warm.  Cold pizza is meant for breakfast and cold fries are meant for never.

I'm not sure why sure why they were blasting Dub Step music.  I don't even mind that type of music, but it seemed really out of place for people trying to talk over lunch.
I went to Savas to get pizza from reading the reviews. I ordered a mushroom and sausage pizza, and a strawberry milkshake (extra thick). The pizza was the nastiest pizza I've ever tasted. The milkshake was like strawberry milk. I ordered take out. If I would have been in the store and bit into that mess, I would have given it back. I know it wasn't just me because my nephew didn't like it either.
I've ordered from Savas many times before, and never had any problems with the service or the food until now. I've ordered the coconut shrimp many times before, thought they were great, until the delivery driver gave me shrimp that was quite obviously smaller than they had been the previous times I ordered. I called immediately to seek information, and the first person I spoke to tried to explain to me that if I've ordered at Savas before, then I'm aware of the price of the shrimp. I then explained to him that the price was not in question, but rather the obviously decreased size in the shrimp with zero price change. He then asked if I'd like to speak to a manager, to which I said yes. The manager then explained to me that Savas has been using the same size shrimp since they've opened, which I countered, again, referencing the fact that I have ordered from Savas many times before, and the shrimp were not nearly as tiny as they were today. He suggested he could speak to the supplier, which I agreed to, and also asked if he could have the prices on Grubhub reflect the decreased portion size, at which point he chose to hang up on me. Instead of considering that this one time the shrimp was smaller than usual, he hung up on me. If I weren't a repeat customer, I probably wouldn't have noticed this. Can't say I'm a customer anymore. Completely rude, unprofessional, and disappointing.
For takeout, Savas is still good--no complaints about their food, which I enjoy. But eating in is probably not something I would do again. The service is SUPER slow (it took us almost 2 hours for dinner and we're not slow eaters) and the music is weird, loud, and intrusive. As are the multiple TVs at every conceivable angle and the general feeling of a college crowd. If you have some time to kill you can stop by, but it's just not enjoyable to eat in, which is a shame, because it is a nice space, and the food is really good.
So you're a college student. You've got the munchies. Maybe had a little maui, but it's late at night and you don't want to walk too far from Drexel campus. Tucked away on a block including Ed's is Savas. You might walk past it thinking it was just a hole in a wall not worth trying, but you step in and see an array of pizzas on display to tempt even the most skeptical of foodies. Try the sausage pizza. You barely can hold it up as the individual slice is so big that it bend under the weight of the crust. The BBQ chicken is equally as delicious. Forget California Pizza Kitchen!

You look to your left. A refrigerator full of beer. All types. You're the true college frat boy and had developed your taste for beer over your many weekends of pong and this is heaven for you after a hard day at the gym. 

Apparently they have more food than just pizza. You'll have to take a look at the menu. I never could look past the pizza! Takes forever to deliver, so just make the journey, step in and buy yourself a pie.
Sorry, Ed's... it's really hard to go back and order there when Savas is next door. The pizza is probably the best I've found in this neighborhood, with a crispy yet chewy crust, and nice flavors--the buffalo chicken is delicious. A little stingy/expensive with the other toppings, but the individual slices are HUGE. Also, they've got great outdoor seating and are open conveniently late.
This has been one of my favorite spots at Drexel University.  Used to be great food and great service for a decent price.  Recently, I made an order and the guy taking the phone call has been rude.  I had to repeat my order a few times for him to understand, which was just simply buffalo wings.  i went to pick it up and the price they charged me was not the same as on their take out menu.  (SUSPICIOUS) 
Does this mean they have been over charging and no one has been noticing? 

Either way, I picked up my order and when I went home, realized they just gave me fried wings and not buffalo wings.

I will not be ordering from this place ever. It has greatly diminished since its inception in 2010.
This was my first time to this place. It was only two of us and we didn't order that much. A Waffle and a breakfast sandwich to be exact. We waited for over 40 minutes for our food. The waitress didn't tell us what the hold up was until we asked. And it was some bullshit story about the computer not registering our food. This is after tables of 4 and 6 that were sat after us had already received their food. After we finally received our food, I asked if I could talk to manager, and our waitress said he or she wasn't there! Mind you, this was a busy Saturday morning for brunch. While I don't think it racially motivated, I must say that I'm black and the groups that came after us and received their food before us were Caucasian. It did make me feel some type of way.  If I wasn't really hungry I would of left. And I don't believe it dining and dashing even though in this case it was warranted. Not the best experience.
I have to say, I'm a fan. Maybe because where I'm from slices are a little chewier, but I found that their crust had a nice balance, crunch and chewiness as compared to most NYC style and unlike most, I could actually taste the Pepperoni.

Also, to be fair, considering that day I was having I must have looked like a psych ward reject, or that I was on something that was giving me a bad trip, yet throughout the entire time the two girls working the register were always polite. Maybe the satisfaction was equally due to stress relief than the food, but I really liked it and would give them another try.
Brought my my girlfriend on a date here and will never patronize this location again. Food was bad server had no idea what she was doing. Waitress seemed upset when we asked for plates to eat our pizza on after trying to find her for 15 minutes. We ended up grabbing most of what we needed from the servers station on our own. We were one of 2 tables in the entire place. Horrible
This is an interesting Pizza place.  I'm still searching for 5 star pizza in Philly, but this place was a solid contender among the better 4 star establishments, in my book.

The pizza had very fresh toppings, and the crust was good, but not amazing.  It had a bready crust with thick, chewy bubbles around the edge (a plus for me!) but the crust was too thick for my tastes, and it was too uniform.  I also thought that the pizza had not been cooked at a high enough temperature--it seemed to be uniform (no toastiness around the edge).  This place advertises "brick oven pizza" which I think is misleading.  I don't care if the oven is made of bricks or not...when I see "brick oven pizza" I think high temperature and I don't know what temperature they used, but the pizza looked like normal, low-temperature, more slow-cooked pizza.

There was also a marked absence of spices on the pizza.  All three of us who ate here agreed that it was bland.  Thankfully, we were able to add hot pepper, oregano, and parmesan and make it more tasty, but I would really appreciate more spices (especially garlic) included by default on the pizza.

The atmosphere in here was sleek and modern.  Very clean aesthetic, but darker and the color scheme made it a bit warmer than modern decor usually is.  I thought it was quite pleasant inside.  It was oddly formal looking in certain ways, yet with low prices and while still being a pizza place.

I'd go back here, but I think I'm going to keep trying other places first because I really want five star pizza.  If this place wants suggestions of how to break into the five star zone, I'd recommend:

* More spices, especially garlic, on the pizza.
* Thinner crust
* Higher-temperature, quicker baking.  Yes, it makes it trickier to get it just right but that's the point.

Everything else was good...loved the toppings and I loved the chewiness and bubbles in the crust.
For a West Philadelphia pizza place, this place is above the line. Perhaps my favorite local pizza place, they have a huge menu of Italian food, including amazing pizza. This place as easily become one of my favorite places to eat in University City... and the prices are very reasonable too.
Okay, I rated it based on the little caption next to the stars. I am a fan of Savas, despite it being an A-ok experience.

Thankfully, we were in no rush, so my friend and I went for dinner and my first legal drinks. We sat on their fun barstools that swivel and elevate as we ordered the Euro Pizza and something girly for me to sip. Appletini was delicious, and made strong. Perfecto.

Well, they let us know our pizza was a little behind, but that was okay, we had time. The bartender was friendly, conversed with us about his origins, asked about our beverage qualities, etc. I did not pick my girly drinks, but my Strawberry Daquiri? Perfect ice consistency and tasted natural, which is ALWAYS a plus.

I think drinks were a bit pricey? And the pizza was maybe 15 dollars? It might have been more. I don't remember very well, but I do remember that it took an hour and 45 minutes for that pizza to be done. Thankfully, we  really didn't mind about the  time, but plenty of people came and left before it came to us. They said they do make all pizzas fresh to order, so wait time is start to finish, and everyone else is getting the same service simultaneously, so I guess I get that. As an apology for our wait, they gave us 2 or 3 of my friend's import beers for free.

Let me say, though, that this was the best pizza I have probably ever had in my life. And we had leftovers. God, that Euro pizza is the best ingredients ever, and though I don't like mushrooms, even those are amazing. And as a leftover pizza two days later, it was still delicious. It was totally worth the wait and the cost... I recommend everyone get this pizza once in their life. But be clear when ordering because they also have a Gyro pizza, which sounds remarkably close to Euro, and they almost sent that order to the kitchen by mistake. I'm sure the gyro pizza is also good, but go for euro  first. ;)

A very cool atmosphere, and interesting international staff. Moderate pricing and DELICIOUS pizza. I am a fan. Like.
Really good food, very very fair prices and our waitress was extremely helpful and friendly. This is a great spot to go to if you have a group of people who want to eat different things. They have great gyros, pizza, paninis, burgers you name it they probably have it. Also, they have a good amount of seating out side. Overall, cute neighborhood place to grab some grub.   Only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because parking was a little bit of a hassle (street parking) and the desert was OKAY.
Wish I could give this review less than one star. This place had the MOST AWFUL service I have ever had. The food was cold and not tasty. It is not the cleanest place either. Go here if you like to be disappointed.
I have only had the chesse pizza and tomato pie from here, but they were REALLY good. 
There were actual tomatoes and onions in the sauce, and real spices. 
The crust is great and toppings were fresh, not from a can.
It was delivered quickly and easily. 
Good food! made of real ingredients!
Sava's I know we just met and all but will you kinda.....marry me?

I am head over heels in love. Sava's for me is like a pair of killer Louboutin strappy sandals that some green sales girl mistakenly priced for $35. 

The decor is sleek, classy and modern and the prices are tawdry, cheap and sleazy. But in a love it so much, just don't tag me in the pics on Facebook kind of way. Yeah $4 for a Magic Hat, and $5.50 for two slices. One ginormous, scrumptuous, "don't you look at me with those judgment eyes while I inhale this so vulgarly" slice of Margharita pizza, and another for a jalapeno, onion, chicken, sundried tomato, where, have, you, been, all, my, life slice called the Fiesta. 

I think I found the Holy Grail and it's good pizza and beer at a nice place for a miniscule price. Or maybe I've been abused by prices from living in New York too long. Maybe, but Sava's will certainly become my theraputic safe space.
Good Food. Terrible Service and music. Get take out.

Pizza is probably the best in UC.
Savas' pizza and food in general tastes pretty fresh and the ambiance is very chic and relaxing.  I'm not giving this 5 stars because their French Fries are not that great, and although the food does taste good, it is not mind-blowing.  However, the service is very friendly and nice and their delivery is quick.
Went with them to get beer and dinner delivery, on top of 45 minute wait, was told that because we ordered alcohol, the order had to be put on a credit card...driver shows up and no beer...after being pissed off, we moved on.  Then, the food tasted like sh#t...As if things weren't bad enough with our daughter in the hospital...now this?  What a headache...now we really need a drink.
Wonderful for airlines crew like my myself. Decent price minimal delivery charge, quick , and excellent working website to order online. Open till 2am on weekdays! Stromboli is great and they are quick with delivery. I recommend this place.
It's the only restaurant in the neighborhood with any kind of atmosphere. Though it is mostly filled with Drexel kids on the most painfully awkward dates I have ever witnessed, it has an interior that doesn't make you cringe and above average pizza. It is a gem for Powelton Village.
The food is great but the customer service is AWFUL. I am finally too fed up with dealing with the idiots who work there, that I refuse to order/go into Savas ever again.
Paninis is the only jawn I had and it's great. Its $10 to get filled eyyy.

Takes a while for the most part because it's always busy. Makes sense but could be fixed.
Pros: 
-Good to Great food
-Tons of Menu items
-Great Aesthetic Environment
-Deliver
-Good take-out beer options (build your own 6-pack)
-Serve Breakfast

Cons:
-Service can be moderately slow if you're sitting down (give your food 15-20 minutes)
-Some of the wait staff are generally inattentive but some of them are awesome. Kind of a hit or miss.
-No matter what hour of the day, it's top 40 music. Not optimal for relaxing. 


Overall- Definitely go. It's great food, and convenient.
Great late hours. Delivery was on time. Burger was a brick though. I'd like to say that I can't complain due to the late night convenience; however they upcharge you at the a$$ for late night delivery. Overall just a big ol' pile of MEH. Burger Meh, Wings Meh, Slice pretty good.
Great for When you need a quick bite to eat or grab a six pack. Pretty sure savas has been the mom and dad for me and all my friends during our time at college. Thanks for feeding us dependable good tasting food !

Their Pizza is so yummyyyyyyyyy and the slices sizes are awesome its like boardwalk pizza, yum yum yummy!
If I could give a zero I would. I knew something about the energy was off when I stepped in the door but I decided to just go with it. 3 other friends and I walked in to grab takeout and decided let's just sit down. Boy was that a bad decision we waited to be greeted by a server no one said anything, I saw a guy grab some menus and start walking. I stared at him, he got to the table turned around realized we weren't there he just stared at us until we took the hint to follow him. I never got a name a greeting he just left. Minutes after sitting down we waved him down put in an order. We ordered waited never saw the guy again. The food was brought out dropped on the table with no carefulness and at this point I knew something was up. I watched other servers talking and laughing with their guest we were so ignored that one of the other servers came over and asked "can I get you all anything" after noticing the lack of attention. The food was gross. The wing sauce was all butter and when I asked what other sauces were back there I was told " I'm gonna bring out the sauce and you decide whether you like it or not" pheeeeew child. My last straw was my friend asking for bbq sauce, getting honey mustard and asking for bbq again just to get cocktail sauce. The pizza was Cheesey toast, chicken fingers frozen and fried wilted 

I got up spoke to the manager about the awful service he brought out bbq sauce and said the meal was discounted. HERE'S THE KICKER! after this interaction I was given the Same server he continued not to speak and threw the check on the table. I was hesitant to give him my card because I saw the discount was never taken off when he came back I asked "could you please give this to your manager" referring to the check he said "sure" minutes later he brought back the check having swiped my card for the full amount no discount I then grabbed the check attempted to find the manager, full of frustration. The same waiter followed me and said " Anything I can help you with" with a smirk on his face. I waited for the manager just for him to say "whoops we already charged you nothing we can do now can I get you some dessert?" I could not believe that he wouldn't offer a refund a gift card or the discount I was promised. You will NEVER catch me in this crappy establishment ever again. I'm not sure if it was a racial thing,( seeing as we were the only black people in there ) or a lack of caring but either way I have never experienced such spot in the face service in my life.
I realized at 5:30 this morning that I had forgotten to order pizza for a 40-person lunch meeting...TODAY! I scrambled to find a pizza place that was open before 11 so I could ensure the food would arrive on time. I came across Savas and vaguely remembered going there for a drink (but no pizza) one time last year. I was able to order online (and get a 10% discount for my first online order). I called around 10:30 just to confirm that my ordered was received and I was reassured everything was fine. My order arrived about 5 minutes prior to my requested delivery time and even by the time I got the pizzas upstairs, they were still burn-the-roof-of-your-mouth hot. In all cheapness, I only ordered plain cheese pizzas, so I can't attest to toppings or specialty pizzas, but what I got was very tasty. The crust was excellent and the sauce and cheese tasted like great quality. I received the number of plates, napkins and cups I requested. My only complaint? Apparently they ran out of Diet Coke and substituted Diet Pepsi without notifying me. Call me a diet soda snob, but Coke is NOT Pepsi. Anyway, I will definitely be ordering from Savas again - they made my group ordering experience absolutely delightful!
Get the Greek.  Just get it.  It's easily among the best in the city...far better than Kanella, for instance, and at one third the price.  The food is spectacular.  We had the chickpeas, the daily special (stuffed eggplant), and the stuffed tomato/stuffed pepper.  The first two were the best, but the stuffed tomato and pepper were pretty darn good in their own right.

The decor is nice.  The service is friendly and competent but not always up on what's available on the Greek side of the menu.  The real problem is that there's not enough separation between the dining area and the bar, so you have to tolerate some drunk student chatter that's fairly muffled but still noticeable in the background.  It's tolerable, but given the out-of-this-world food, it would be nice if the ambiance were equally upscale.
This is probably my go to place for baked ziti, the portion is worth the price. The place is very relaxed & chill. I have yet to try their pizza but their pasta is delicious!
This was a terrible experience and I'll never return to this establishment. The service was terrible, our waiter was rude and spiteful when we complained about his service. Not to mention the blatant racism I could feel radiating around the place, as white customers got serviced twice as fast as me and my company. It was an all around horrible experience. Even the food was crappy. If i could give it 0 stars, I would.
Tried their pizza twice. Both times were delivery. It was definitely not NY style. Bit ho hum. Nothing special. Oh well. At least the delivery time wasn't outrageous.
Savas is good but nothing I would be super apt to order again . Instead I'll keep trying to find unforgettable delivery pizza and wings near me (: . 

They have a huge menu including things like burgers and quesadillas . However I wanted pizza, wings and salad . The pizza was good , but overall flavorless for me . Not enough sauce (and I don't get extra sauce on pizza) so it was a bit dry despite tons of cheese (grease city). The ratio of sauce to cheese was off . This could be a good thing because I love me some cheese , but the cheese tasted bland too . There was a lack of that pizza pizzazz  that adds a little extra flavor to your life, like oregano and garlic in a great sauce on beneath salty, chewy mozzarella cheese . Also, to repeat, it was super duper greasy . 

The wings were not crispy even though I ordered them well done . Will I ever find some crispy buffalo wings ? What happened to frying those bad boys ? I've already committed to the calories . Instead these guys had that gummy skin that could have been something soooo much more (: the buffalo sauce was good though . The Caesar salad was okay , the croutons were the best part and they were homemade for sure . The croutons were well seasoned , but the pizza crust itself struck me as bland . The Caesar dressing was like a Caesar vinaigrette . It was okay . 

Overall I ate this meal but I didn't feel as satisfied as one should be after pizza and wings . I do love the fact you can order beer online for delivery as well as order directly from the business online . The online ordering was easy and the delivery was prompt . Not worth seeking out IMO but not bad if you end up eating here .
What a disappointment. We purchased a large mushroom pizza. Got home to find that three of the slices had no mushrooms on them. The remaining slices were sparsely covered as well. The pizza was orange as in barely any cheese.
My husband called and asked to speak to the person who made the pizza. He was told that he wasn't there. My husband asked to speak to the manager who was also not available. The young woman who took the call said that she would have the manager give us a call. And just like that disappointing pizza, there was NO call from the manager.

This wasn't the first time that we ordered from Savas, but it will most certainly be the last.
Went on an awkward first date and it was fine.  Tried the grilled chicken salad and the spinach ricotta white pizza.  I'd say it's upscale college pizza.  Happy hours beer was a great deal - $3.00 for a Magic Hat.  I liked the outdoor seating, but the inside has a weird vibe.  Or maybe it was my weird date.
Waited nearly 20 minutes for my pick up order, but got home and had cold fries.  It was only a turkey burger.  Every time I go here, the food is mediocre, and the service is so slow. Three people walked from the kitchen to the restaurant, and yelled back for someone else to come get the counter. They didn't even seem to notice until a few more people started to wait behind me.
I stopped in to try the lamb gyro here. I had high expectations after I heard from a friend that the gyros were really good here. I was very disappointed. The tzatziki sauce was flavorless and there was way too much of it. The meat was also flavorless and there was very little of it. The pita bread was mediocre. They put fries in the gyro which was just strange. However on the upside they sell a decent variety of six-packs, and the owner is really nice.
Also if you get the pizza by the slice its always burnt on the bottom.
Their Penne a la Vodka is to die for! It was my college staple. So filling and satisfying. Really delicious.
I ordered a Square pizza. First off, yes it was square but it was not pizza. The crust was way too thick with little to no sauce or cheese. I would call it, square bread... bad
Ordered shrimp alfredo, 4 cheese pizza, & a turkey hoagie delivery via Postmates. The alfredo & pizza was excellent. I wished there was a couple more shrimp but they were a good size. My friend had the turkey hoagie which looked below average, he said the roll sucked & there wasn't much meat on it. I'd definitely order the pizza & pasta again. The alfredo sauce was very rich definitely made fresh. They can keep the dry crescent type bread served with the pasta, no garlic or Parmesan as mentioned on the menu.
My college favorite. Miss this place.
I have been a loyal customer since I was young. I have lived in the neighborhood my whole life, and my family always came here for pizza. Tonight, however, we were disappointed. We ordered 2 orders of fries and a margherita pizza. Unfortunately, after waiting half an hour, the pizza and fries arrived cold. We will definitely return. We just wanted to point that out. Great place.
The margherita pizza is always perfection. I've never been disappointed in the food, but last night was the first disappointing experience I've had with them. I was called and told my order was here so I went downstairs and they called me again within a minute saying I'm not located where I told them and he went on and on. After walking down the block and finding him, instead of asking if I was the customer, I was greeted with "this isn't even the right street that one is down that way a lot farther". Well I've lived here three years so I'm pretty sure I know my address. But besides the fact that my food was now cold, it still tasted delicious. The delivery guy was just a little man with Napoleon complex who needs a little help with reading maps.
I ordered the coconut shrimp & um it wasn't horrible it just wasn't for me, you get 5. I was hoping it was similar to the sweet chili shrimp that red lobster use to have but nope. I also ordered fried mozzarella, they came as mozzarella sticks I was expecting it to be like the fried mozzarella balls because it didn't specify they were sticks but it was average & you get about 5 or 6.
Your typical college campus food joint. Run by students and filled with students. The service is slacking. I waved our empty water pitcher in the air for 5 minutes and nobody came by to refill our pitcher. I had to walk up to our server to finally get water. The same happened with napkins, ketchup, and our check. The food took a while to arrive which was shocking considering the only people in the restaurant was our group of 4 and 2 other parties who already had their food. 

I got the southwestern wrap and it was plain. Would rather go to chipotle and get a burrito there. Not only would chipotle be cheaper, but it would also be bigger, have more flavor, and taste better.
4 stars again, reviewing again because consistency matters. This was again a deliver order, I had friends over and wasn't in the mood to cook. We ordered a nice variety, salad, burger, chicken wrap and pasta. Everything except the burger was really good, the burger was dry and lacked seasoning my friend did lots of adding to make it just ok. I loved my salad super fresh with great toppings, the Alfredo was good but I asked for extra sauce and didn't get it. Overall this is a good delivery spot with options to please everyone. Also the cheesecake here is both the buy!
4 stars again, reviewing again because consistency matters. This was again a deliver order, I had friends over and wasn't in the mood to cook. We ordered a nice variety, salad, burger, chicken wrap and pasta. Everything except the burger was really good, the burger was dry and lacked seasoning my friend did lots of adding to make it just ok. I loved my salad super fresh with great toppings, the Alfredo was good but I asked for extra sauce and didn't get it. Overall this is a good delivery spot with options to please everyone. Also the cheesecake here is pretty good.
Slightly expensive for what it is, but pretty average pizza place. The cheese fries with bbq were pretty good, and the hand cut fries are really great here. The price of the Stromboli was a bit high for the size. We also got a half-bbq chicken, half buffalo chicken pizza and that was covered in lots of toppings, but nothing particularly amazing about the flavor. I've had the wings here in the past and they were very tasty. Fries have always been amazing!
My boyfriend went to Drexel and this has been his go- to spot for the past decade. This has also become our go to spot for dinner pick ups. We usually order the Wraps and he always get the honey mustard chicken wrap and I get the SouthWestern wrap. Both are delicious and perfectly made each time - the chicken and veggies are so warm and grilled and pair so well together. It comes with fries and they give you A LOT (by the time we get home they get a little cold so we just stick them in the airfryer.) We also get the wings time to time and go for the hot bbq and their side of blue cheese is sooo good! Definitely a great spot!
This place although it is set in an urban area doesn't want to attract the black urban community. Only students.
Recently the owner made comments to the effect to his urban employees that he did not like the sorts they were attracting to his bar which which are the long standing black residents of the mantua and powelton community that were there before savas. If you are like minded then by all means continue to support but if you care about individuals and your not racist join in in sending Savas a message that says this is America and treatment of any demographic in such a manner is not how you advance here but it it how savas can loose access to the freedom and liberty which allows him and his family to own and operate in such communities in our nation.
No stars
I'm not sure why the reviews aren't all 5 stars. The waiters aren't perfect but if you speak up when you see them walk by then you won't have to wait. The food is very good, especially for the price. The place is clean, has a normal beer selection, is well priced, and quite frankly is the "best" restaurant in the 5 block radius.

Reason for negative reviews:
Spoiled fucks who care about people treating them like royalty... Seriously, if you rate a food place, rate it on the food, comfort, and service (NOT just the service for every damn review you write... I guess Yelp is useless).
Nothing really to complain about this trip to Savas in Philly! My friend recommended this place to me and said it had good wraps, so we decided to pay a visit!

The hostesses were really nice and welcoming! We got seted at our table and immediately ordered a buffalo chicken wrap! I was expecting much for some reason, but I was pleasantly surprised! it was one of the better wraps I have had - perfect balance of buffalo sauce and ranch dressing. OH! And their fries were pretty addicting!!! 

Overall, good services, good ambiance, and good portions! I'd definitely recommend you trying this place if you are in the area!
To start, this is a takeout/delivery review.  I've been to Sava's briefly, but I've never dined in, so I can't assess their service or quality.  However the place looks very nice inside and comfortable.

Sava's is one of my preferred UCity Pizza spots.  West Philly is generally bereft of decent pizza.  There's any number of college joints which are fine in a pinch, but the same sorta jarred ragu, grocery store shredded mozzarella and medium crust thickness pizza all around.  Sava's stands probably a step above that, but that's not saying too much.

Pros:

The fried food is pretty solid.  Crispy onion rings, poppers, and fries are among the better takeout fried foods I've had.  The burgers are pretty good and also enjoyable.

The prices are competitive and fair for the amount of food you get, but they're maybe marginally more expensive.  You get what you pay for though!

On that note, the portions are very large - comparable to other pizza places.

Delivery is also fairly fast and Sava's is both responsive to calls/concerns and electronically adept.  They're also open late!

Cons:

Well, it is slightly more expensive than other places, so if that's a consideration, it's worth noting.  The 2am drunk pizza stop might be cheaper elsewhere, but it probably won't be better.  

The pizza is a step above what I discussed, but not great pizza.  It's good and better than most other places in the area.  Wings were okay, typical for a pizza joint, but also not great either.  They were fine and at least "not bad."  Plenty of other local places have bad ones.

Conclusion:  Sava's does the trick about as well as any other UCity joint and better than most if we're being honest.  It's slightly more expensive, but for a better quality and larger portion than others.  We return when our pizza and wings craving strikes and do so over the several other options.  

But for anything else, it's hard to sell Sava's as "good."  It's fine.
