I've been looking forward to go to Scannicchio's for almost a month. Finally, my friends took me there for a belated birthday dinner. They claimed to be one of the famous and most authentic restaurants in South Philly. and I'm not sure where to begin?

We decided to sample four appetizers: Stuffed Whole Artichoke, Ravioli Fritti, Calamari Fritti and Insalata Caprese. All were okay, but nothing stood out. My friends disagreed though, they all seem to enjoyed it. The bread basket and the fennel with garlic and olive oil plate, came out after the appetizers. 

Colleen and I ordered the daily special, Filet Mignon cooked medium, topped with crab meat and served with asparagus and other vegetables. The rest of us, ordered a Lobster Ravioli and a Steak Big John. I have to say, my filet was flavorless and very chewy, probably overcooked to my liking, and the crab meat was dry and tasteless. The complementary dish of Penne with tomato sauce (y'know: gravy) that came with my filet was cold, and I'm not sure if it was homemade sauce or was heated up from a jar. Fair and square though, the other three people at my table, again, loved every bite.

Finally, we ordered one Crème brûlée, a cannoli and two Bailey's Irish Cream Pies. Those were good, perhaps the standouts of the meal, if i had to choose any.

I'm not trying to pull a Gordon Ramsey here and I'm so aware this is not kitchen nightmares, but If a restaurant is going to charge almost $40 for an entree, it better be amazing and mind blowing. Ceilings with water stains, walls with peeling paints are not exactly what I look for in any good restaurant.

Worse than the $233 before tip for the 4 appetizers, 4 entrees, 4 desserts and coffees (reminder: it is a BYOB!) was the smile-free zone! None of the staff smiled even once, not the hostess, nor the waiter or even the server. The service was inattentive and unfriendly. The restaurant charged an arm and a leg, and I wondered why no one welcomed us with open arms. Hello there! Every customer would appreciate a "Service with a smile."

I would say that this place is over-rated, and I'm a bit confused by some of the reviews. With the uneven dinner, 'll be never be dining in there again. 

One and half Yelps!
Well, as a repeat customer who took advantage of a restaurant.com coupon, I now have a much different impression of this restaurant.  I was not going to share my bad experience since the outcome was in my favor, but then I got an email from the owner of the restaurant who used my personal email supplied for the coupon to harass me.  Basically, a friend and I enjoyed a lovely dinner, and at the end I handed my coupon on my iPhone (which is available for all coupons and encouraged by restaurant.com) to my server who proceeded to tell me that the owner requires an actual print out.  It did not clarify this anywhere on their personal coupon, and they were clearly trying to pull one over on me.  The server called the owner, who was apparently in AC, and got off the phone to tell me he could only accept a print out and suggested my friend run to the library (!?!?!?!) to print it out.  I repeated that this is not acceptable, and that I would not leave until they honored my valid coupon that I purchased.  After the server finally followed the coupon directions and wrote down my coupon numbers, they honored my coupon.  The next day I got this email from the owner:

Michael yodogg331@********.com
2:50 PM (1 hour ago)
Subject: IGNORANT
That's our policy. I make up my restaurant rules not you! It's people like you that have made me cancel restaurant.com!!!
Sent from my iPhone

My response:
Dear Michael aka "yodogg",

Don't ever use my personal email that was supplied solely for the coupon that I legally purchased to contact me again.  If you signed up for restaurant.com and were unhappy with the results, that is NOT my problem, nor was your "policy" carefully detailed on the coupon as it would be required.  You made a poor business choice that you are obviously regretting, and your way of handling it is, in fact, the true definition of ignorance, in addition to the way you treat your customers.  Obviously your ignorance extends well beyond bad business moves.

Your "rules" of requiring a printed coupon has no grounds and it is clearly stated on the actual coupon that with an iPhone, printing the coupon is deemed unnecessary.  You have not made your customers aware of this supposed "rule" prior to purchase, making your rule a LIE.  I gave all the required information, so I did my part.  Your intent was to rob the customer, which I would not allow.  Go ahead and harass me again- I have no problems taking legal action against you.

Kind Regards,

Dena

We were about to have a party of about 20+ people there for a birthday, and needless to say we will be taking our business elsewhere.
A group of 7 of us went to Scannichio's to celebrate a birthday.  The waitress was wonderful and helped us with our bottles of wine that we brought.  BYOB's are the best!  She took our orders for appetizers for the table.  Later, she was at the other end of the table saying the specials.  I was seated at the opposite end of the table and it was a bit difficult to hear her because of the long table.  It was not a big deal though.  A man who seemed to be the owner was standing at my end and roughly tapped my friend's husband who was seated across from me and said "Pay the fuck attention!  She's saying the specials!".  I thought that was a bit uncalled for!  My friend's husband was simply holding and looking over the menu when this occurred.  
A little while later, this man came out with some of the appetizers and salads.  He stood there and asked who had what and a member of the party responded to him.  He then said to her "You don't remember what the fuck you ordered?".  This was unbelievable!  The waitress came a moment later and explained the salads were for individuals while the appetizers were for the table.  
When it was time for our meals, both this man and the waitress were bringing them out.  The man came to my end of the table and the few of us there shifted items to make room to allow him to set the platters down.  He rudely knocked over a bottle of red wine and did not even say or do anything about it, as if it didn't even happen.  I quickly grabbed the spilling wine!  I could not even believe this guy's behavior and disregard.  A friend next to me asked me who knocked it over.  I told him the guy did it and didn't even apologize or pick it up or anything.  

One of the guests in my party ordered one of the specials.  While cutting into the pork and eating it, he wasn't sure if it may be rotten meat since it had a funny smell.  Another person at the table took a couple bites and he agreed that it was rotten meat.  He kindly called the waitress over and said he wasn't too sure, but it seemed the meat was bad.  She went to the man to see what could be done.  He was in my plain sight so I watched his reactions.  He laughed and waved it off and said "it's just the cheese!"  So she came back to the table, told him this and asked what he would like.  He just said ok and ordered another without the cheese.  The cheese that was in this dish was mozzarella, which is not even a strong or fragrant cheese.

The rest of us continued to eat, drink, talk and have a good time.  We finished our meals after a while and his dish still had not come out.  Finally it came out and not in a very pleasing presentation.  By this time, it was not enjoyable for him as we all were sitting and done eating.  He quickly ate up the food and remarked how it was definitely fresher than the last one.  I think that shows that the first dish was in fact rotten meat.  

When the bill came, it was a lot more than any of us anticipated.  It was hand-written with scribbling, which made me suspicious.  I paid my portion with a credit card.  I just checked my balance online and see that they charged me more than I wrote out on the receipt!

Do not ever go to Scannichio's!!!
A group of five of us went for a birthday dinner here on a Friday night at eight and had a great meal with superb service. Menu selection was done over a complimentary basket of bread with roasted red peppers as a garnish, and with one of the multiple bottles of vino we brought to wash it down. 

To start with we ordered Calamari Fritti, the spicy version of course, and clams casino. The calamari was a big hit, as was the casino, but the five clams were about the size of fifty cent pieces so don't expect to fill up on them (they came with a square of bacon on top; quite the nice touch in my eyes since it was the only part I ate). 

Two bottles of wine later and the entrees started arriving. The birthday girl went with the special of crab meat on fillet and naturally loved it (lets face it, tell a blue claw lover about anything with crab and it's like you told a crack head the meal comes with a mound of rock). Other highly praised choices were the salmon special cooked to a perfect medium, stuffed calamari, and the Pollo Bianco, which is chicken with sausage and peppers in a lemon, garlic, butter, and wine sauce (what I almost got). 

For my meal I went with the Vitello Saltimbocca, or medallions of veal topped with prosciutto, mozzarella, and a Marsala, mushroom, sage and brown demiglace sauce. They have this meal sans pork and cheese (Vitello Al Marsala), but with the extras it's so good that I can't imagine why you'd miss out unless you were under doctor's orders. Much like a good bottle of wine, which I can never accurately gauge unless my shirt also has a taste, this meal deserved a second opinion. I decided to share it with the table cloth, extra chair, and lady to my left's dress. We were all in agreement: stellar. 

Even though it looked like an infant won a battle with his pureed food where I sat, the waitress remained patient and friendly with us, making jokes as she delivered a complimentary round of limoncello shot's before our desert. Though we were the last customers in the building and were obliviously holding up the staff's night, in no way did we feel rushed to leave as we took our time with the slammin' bananas foster cheesecake, chocolate ganache-ice cream-peanut butter-thing, and last bottle and a half of wine. 

Excellent evening had here, and I will be back.
Best brushetta in the city, hands down. Fresh, ripe tomatoes drizzled over fresh bread...man, I got to go back soon!
Lovely addition to the Byo Italian restaurant scene in South Philly. It's a small restaurant, but with a cozy, neighborhood feel---don't go here with a big group or for a formal event.
A little Italian BYOB in South Philly, I can hear your reaction right now. Ho Hum, I've done this before. Let me tell you. The Veal chop stuffed with spinach and Mozzarella was the best entree I have had in a long time, and I eat out in Center City at least twice a week. also, the sausage and fig appetizer was a treat. 
Scannicchios is exactly what you would expect from South Philly Italian, but the quality of the food is anything but typical.
5+ years later and I am thrilled to say that I am a regular patron of this fine establishment! Had an excellent meal and overall wonderful dining experience tonight and felt compelled to update my review. I was celebrating a friend's birthday and the entire staff went above and beyond to provide special care and attention to our birthday guest throughout our meal. Toward the end of our meal, the chef eagerly came out of the kitchen to greet us and ensure we enjoyed the delicious food he so thoughtfully prepared. Even our desserts were specially prepared and personalized for the occasion. 

The service is still exceptional and the quality of the food is still consistent and that's what keeps me coming back!

I am so glad I stumbled upon this gem several years ago. Among the great food, patrons are treated like family here. I truly value and appreciate the special level of care and service they afford to everyone that walks through their door. I highly recommend this wonderful restaurant. You will not be disappointed! 

P.s. It's still a BYO - No corking fee. They also recently renovated the interior of the place and its more modern and inviting, yet the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable.
Oh my goodness, this is one of the best ((if not the best) Italian South Philly BYOBs I've had the pleasure of eating from, all in the name of research of course.  In typical fashion, the ambiance made me feel like I was eating at an Italian grandmother's house, and the food was every bit as authentic and delicious.
First I had a Caprese salad, one of my favorite dishes ever.  This one was phenomenal, and really could stand alone as a meal.  For dinner I had chicken Milan (I think that's what it was called).  Basically it was a chicken cutlet topped with broccoli rabe  and cheese.  It was perfect.  The chicken tasted homemade and was cooked perfectly.  Also, it was bigger than the plate so I had some delicious leftovers.  The pasta on the side was perfect as well.  Typically I don''t like gravy unless my dad cooked it, but theirs was the real deal!  
Everything from beginning to end was perfection.  I will definitely be a return customer.
Probably a 3 or 3.5 based on the food and price point but as other reviews have mentioned the service and hospitality is indeed very good so I bumped them up. 

After a trip to the Camden aquarium we wanted to try some of South Philly's famed Italian food. 

The highlight of the meal was the Pollo saltimbocca which had a delicious home made flavor, good portion size and tasty mushrooms. 

Penne vodka was a bit of a letdown by comparison. It's hard to explain but the taste wasn't as good as I've had at other restaurants. It tasted home made but not in a good way, unlike the chicken dish. 

The mussels and clams appetizer in spicy red sauce was another high point. The clams and mussels were small but tasted fresh and the sauce was great enough to want to keep dipping bread into. 

We also had the house salad... twice. The first time it came it was a bit too drenched in salad dressing. This would have been fine if the dressing weren't so salty - the ample amount of black olives didn't help with that either. Second time around we asked for the dressing on the side. 

Atmosphere and decor was a bit dated though warm. It got very busy as we were eating, which is a good sign. 

One weird thing I noticed was that tilapia is the only fish on the regular menu (though they did have a bronzini in the specials). Given how tilapia is not exactly known for its health benefits they would do well to offer health conscious customers better fish dish selections.

Total price including tax and tip came out to $95 which is just a touch high in my opinion for what we got.
I've wanted to try this place for a long time, so I was really looking forward to it last night. When you walk in, it feels like walking into someone's house, very comfortable. We were quickly sat and the server came over, introduced himself and brought us water (BYOB, btw). Most of the tables had Italians at them, so definitely a good sign. I ordered the special appetizer, zucchini blossoms stuffed with ricotta. The flavor was not like I expected, barely any cheese at all and it smelled a little fishy, probably from the oil used in the fryer. Needless to say, I was disappointed with the app. For the entrees, we ordered the filet mignon with crab and the veal scallopini with caper sauce. The filet was huge and cooked just right. The sides of asparagus, mashed potatoes and crab were very generous. The flavor was also very good on all. The veal was also a generous portion and the caper sauce was great. I like that they give plenty of sauce too. The pasta sauce that was on the linguine was a little bland for my taste, but good. We didn't have room for dessert. The crowd that was in there were very nice. The guy at the next table even offered us some of his wine, because he wasn't sure if we knew it was a BYOB. Although the entrees were very good, the appetizer was not. The service was ok. I would say it was overall average.
i have been here about a half dozen times over the last couple of years - three times within the last six months.  The food and service are always very good.  They not only remind you that they are a BYOB on the phone but proceed to let you know where the nearby liquor stores are.  My fiance is crazy about the stuffed squid.  If they have a salmon entree it is exquisite but a bit pricey (~$28).  Our one friend who went with us on a previous visit did rave about the stuffed veal chop.  Make certain that you come with a reservation or say a prayer that you can get a table.  They do lunch as well.  They take all credit cards except American Express.
It might be good,  but I'll never know...

I just walked in to this restaurant and almost immediately walked out. As I walked in I was greeted by two people. The first was the bartender who appeared to be very nice. The other was an older gentleman with a bad perm and gold glasses.

I indicated that it was just me. The gentleman looked at the bartender,  paused and let out an audible sigh. He just stood and looked at her as if to say, "what am I supposed to do with this?" She encouraged him to seat me and he shrugged. I just walked out. I certainly don't want or need to be somewhere that it's clear I'm not welcome.

I certainly won't be back.
My monthly girl's BYO get-together was held here on Wednesday night. This place is small, yet spacious enough to handle several large groups at a time. In fact, we were seated next to a table of 12 or so elderly gentlemen who were clearly having a fabulous time of it.  

Our table of eight started out with a selection of appetizers. We ordered the mussels, stuffed mushrooms, fig and sausage and the grilled romaine salad. I samples the mushrooms and plowed through the fig and sausage appetizer - I almost licked the plate. Portions were large, so once I filled up on the appetizers, I had barely enough room to take a stab at my linguini with clams in a white sauce, but I made a valiant attempt. The dish was good, not the best I've had, but definitely more than serviceable. I also snuck a bite of my friend's baked gnocchi, which was a lovely in its cheesy gooeyness. 

I think I was the only one not to make a considerable dent in my entree. We ordered desserts for the table - two orders of the chocolate peanut butter cake and one of the oreo cheesecake - and all were demolished in short order. 

This place is easy to get to, right on Broad street so accessible from Center City via the subway. My friend and I drove down and we got a kick (as always) out of the oh-so-unique parking rules, or lack thereof, in South Philly. We decided to to join 'em and parked in the middle of Broad Street, but were confused by the cars double-parked on Porter. How does one get one's car out? Really?!?

The bill for the 8 of us divided out to around $40 a person. Not too bad for appetizer, entree and dessert with enough of my entree left-over to cover at least two more meals!

All in all, Scannicchio's is a great South Philly Italian BYO that I wouldn't mind checking out again.
Wow.  You wouldn't necessarily know it from the outside, but this place is BOMB.

My boyfriend, his family, my mother and I came here with short-notice reservations on a Thursday evening after an afternoon of sightseeing, and it was truly amazing.  The setting, given that this restaurant used to be a row home, is super adorable.  Quaint, romantic, yet trendy and fun - it really has everything.  Except a liquor license.

But that's okay, because it's BYOB! And they don't charge you something ridiculous for "corking" and "pouring" and "lifting" and all that other crap that typical BYOB restaurants charge you.

The food, including the antipasto, was to die for.  We all loved our appetizers and entrees, and the desserts were just as delicious - the perfect finish to a perfect meal.  I can see why it's so popular, especially for concert -goers.

Our server was excellent, too, even if his Italian was a little rusty.  We couldn't remember how to say "you're welcome," and neither could he.

I can't say enough good things about this place.  Just go here, and ask for the limon after dinner.  Trust me.
Was so happy that I was referred here by a family member! This place is the true definition of South Philly. This place is owned and run by 3 generations of the family who are always there. We showed up with 2 large bottles of wine, ready to enjoy a nice long meal. 

To start, we got the stuffed artichoke after reading the previous reviews - was just as everyone described, delicious and savory. 

I had the filet which was cooked perfectly, but skimped a little on the sides (asparagus and potatoes). I say your best bet is to go with a homemade pasta dish for the full experience!
We stopped in before a ball game at CBP. It's a cute little corner Italian restaurant with very friendly staff. BYOB is a huge plus. Unfortunately the food is so so. Our party had the lobster ravioli, breaded chicken, spaghetti and meatballs, beat salad and artichoke.

The lobster ravioli was fishy tasting. I don't think they were fresh or homemade. The chicken was decent. The meatballs were ok, but tasted more like sausage. The beat salad was extremely salty, which we had to send back.
I totally forgot to write this review! I'm sorry Scannicchio's

This restaurant is FABULOUS! 

Setting the stage: I am half italian. I rarely eat italian out. I know I can cook it better than some.  I was grumpy that night but with my 2 favorite eating buddies, another italian & a jew. 

We had the arugula salad, meatballs & something else I can't remember to start. One bite and my grumpy mood turned into a peaceful nostalgic happy place. And then I got my manicotti - my favorite since i was 5. It was just as auntie dot would make for me. This place made me so happy. How have I not heard of this place?! The decor even reminded me of the sole italian restaurant where i grew up that was actually owned by an italian. 

Truly wonderful experience!
Daniel O. is right.  Scannicchio's focuses on traditional Italian food, and they do an excellent job.  If you're looking for trendy food, skip this place and head to Old City.

I went here about a year ago for my birthday, and would eat here everyday if possible.  My lamb chop and broccoli rabe was amazing.  My boyfriend stuck with pasta and loved his as well.

Overall, this place is terrific.  The waitress was sweet, and everyone was welcoming.
Scannicchio's provides some of the best Italian food in the city!  I have no idea what Daniel is talking about.  

Try the stewed figs with sausage in balsamic reduction.  YUM, yum.  A definite winner.

It may not be as swanky as some of the Center City BYOs, but it is really quite good.
This was so good that it feels pointless to go on about it in a review. A very solid South Philly corner Italian restaurant that gave off that kind of atmosphere. The staff was friendly but not too friendly and the food was excellent and came out not quickly but long enough for you to really want it. I realize this doesn't sound like a 5-star review but that was the vibe I was getting that made me like the place? 

They had delicious sounding specials. The fried meatballs were amazing and the Caesar salad was creamy and almost comforting. Pasta sauces were so tasty (I rec the vodka sauce) and the meat was also delicious. Their desserts were also very good (if you have the room). 

It feels like formal dining but it's not because even though there are white table cloths, you can wear casual clothes and be louder at the same time (this prob has to do with why I like the vibe here). I would go back in a heart beat for this pricey meal if I could find a parking spot ;)
Brought a group here for my wife's 50th bday. It was a no brainier as I knew this family run gem would deliver but they exceeded my very high expectations and hit a home run. Things you don't want to miss:
1- the pork chop -OMG - crazy good
2- lobster ravioli - unreal 
3- pasta scanuccio - awesome
4- calamari app- perfectly done
5- home made cheese cake

Add to that the fact it's a BYOB with a great staff and you have a perfect night out!!
Every year, I travel to Philly during around this date, Lord willing; and Lord willing, I get to eat at Scannicchio.

Another five-star experience.  Beet-walnut-goat cheese-arugula salad, and the salmon special (they get the freshest salmon you can imagine, except maybe Seattle), followed by homemade tiramisu and cannoli cream on the side.  Oh mi ya ya.  And capped off with homemade lemoncello. Are you kidding me?

This place is like Death Row delicious.
I have been wanting and waiting to try this restaurant. Great ratings and lots of great reviews! Zagats rating!  A friendly young lady seats me.  People come in after me. I sit and wait for my friend. Some one brings over a bread basket.  I expecting melt in my mouth bread!  Sorry.  Its a roll sliced but it's warm. No water yet. My friend arrives.  Still no water and no waiter or server. I finally got up and asked for water.  Finally a waiter comes over and goes over the menu. He is not friendly and I felt we annoyed him. The wait was long. Our food took forever to arrive and I was not impressed with my meal. The pasta with tomatoes, escarole, and shrimp totally drenched in olive oil with no flavor.  Our waiter ignored us most of the time and never came over to check on us. I guess we weren't from the neighborhood as most people recognized each other. I wanted to love this place and I will try it again, maybe. The extra star is for lovely young lady who filled our water glasses, thanked us and said goodnight!
We had been here twice before and loved it.  Was excited to use a restaurant.com gift cert that I had purchased.  Left it on the table so the waiter could see.  He came over picked it up - looked at the date and told me it was expired.  Now you and I both know that restaurant.com gift certs don't expire.  But I decided it wasn't worth a fight. Waiter either hated us or hated his job or was not feeling well/sick. Anyway - him reciting the specials was uncomfortable.  However - here's the skinny on our meal: Insalata mista was so vinegar-laden that it was basically inedible. I wanted to not eat it - to leave it nearly untouched - in order to send a silent message that it was not good. But I was so hungry. Black & green olives? That's kinda weird to have them both in a salad? Her roasted beet salad was delicious. Her filet was tough & the potatoes stale with burnt ends that gave them an overall smoky/burnt taste. She did say the filet was cooked to the right temp (mid rare) & the coffee was good. My shrimp fra diablo was good - sauce was very fresh.  Won't be back though. S Philly has so many good Italian restaurants, don't need to keep trying this one. Poinsettias were still out - In April. It breaks my heart to throw them out, but if I owned/ran a business they would be removed with the Christmas decorations.
I tried to buy my Dad a gift card to Scannicchio's to use before a Flyers game and was told that I would have to come in to purchase the gift card due to "previous bad experiences". I told both the women and gentleman I spoke with that I live out of state (over 3 hours away) and would not be able to come in person and would pay postage, etc. to have it sent to me so I could include the gift card in my Dad's Christmas present. They said "it just can't be done" and that I could call back to speak with an owner but they didn't think it was likely they would "approve" it. WHAT?! When I read reviews about this being a family owned business I thought they would be HAPPY to help me out. I've done this with numerous other restaurants and have NEVER had a problem. They also said that since they didn't know me and I wasn't a regular it wasn't going to happen. WELL, that is certainly a way to deter new customers. I called another Italian restaurant down the street and my experience was exactly opposite. They were happy to help me give them my money and help me give my Dad a thoughtful Christmas gift. Cheers to L'angolo's for their excellent customer service. Hopefully Scannicchio's will consider some changes to their policies.
Not mediocre at all IMHO.  Makes me wonder if Daniel O. went to the same place we did.

This is a great neighborhood byob place that provides welcoming service and excellent food at a reasonable price.  We started going here because numerous South Philly friends recommended it.  This is not foo-foo Italian.  This is not pretentious Italian.  This is "let's go back and work our way through the menu" Italian.  We found the specials to be good choices.  My husband's broccoli rabe and sausage was excellent, as was a grilled romaine salad with bleu cheese and pine nuts.  Both were generous enough to share.  Last time, sausage & figs was a hit.  If you are in the mood for a basic plate of macaronis with red gravy, you won't be disappointed either.  We had a great time with the waitress because my BIL brought a bottle of Great Wall wine from China (that was the 2nd bottle we opened) and that started a whole crazy discussion.  She didn't know us from Adam, but we left there feeling like regulars.

It's a very doable destination if you are on your way to a sporting event at the Linc or the Cit, or to the Spectrum or Wachovia Center.  For those who rely on public transportation, you can get off the subway at Broad & Oregon, then walk back a block to Broad & Porter.  Make a reservation, though because it can be a popular place.  You also want to make sure you have time to have a relaxing meal and make your event in time.
We came on a busy Sunday and had a decent meal, mixed reviews of the food across the dinner. 
We loved the appetizers, great calamari, decent escargot and an amazing salad special of grilled romaine with strawberries balsamic, pine nuts and blue cheese. 
Entrees - I tried 2 of the specials. The veal shank (Osso boucco) in red sauce that was quite disappointing. The red sauce drowned the veal and the risotto and was not powerful enough for the meat. The shank itself had great flavor and texture. The risotto was completely drenched in sauce so I could not really taste it as such. The other entree I tried was a crusted salmon that was just OK. Presentation was nice. 
We had 4 deserts a great bread pudding and Tartoufoo, a bad cheese cake and an a decent chocolate cake. 

Service was OK - not bad not great - again you can do much better in Philly. 

I am a little bummed because the good dishes were really good. For the price I think you can do much better in Philly. I would try this place again in the hopes I was there on an off night.
I come from a big Italian family and this was where I decided to have my birthday celebrations this year. It was the BEST meal I've had in month!!

Everything everyone had was DELICIOUS! 

Chicken Saltimbocca, calamari, veal francese, stuffed calamari, some penne with vocka sauce and scallops special...

but the BEST, and I was surprised because my mommom usually makes this the best, was the stuffed artichoke- filled with chunks of bread and cheeses and gooey, this was AWESOME! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
Philly has amazed us with food, but scannicchios was food for the gods!

Every plate within our party of six took us on a trip through Italy... We can't wait to go back!!!
The food is above par, which should be enough to keep you going back. Unfortunately, the service is terrible. Ordered the crab ravioli from the specials for $22.00, but ended up getting a plate of dough with shrimp on top. The cheese filling was nowhere to be found.  Three ravioli into my dinner, I was told that my dinner was lobster ravioli and not the crab. Instead of profusely apologizing for the mistake, the waiter just flung up his hands in disgust and walked away. He was upset that my plate was for another table. I'm not a complainer, so I finished my mediocre dinner without saying a word. To add insult to injury, when I received my bill, the waiter crossed off the crab special and wrote in lobster, which was now $2.00 more.  Needless to say, I deducted the two bucks off my tip to the waiter. 

The food is above par, which offsets paying the slightly higher prices. However, my family and I have decided that after two trips in, the wait staff is horrible enough to keep us from coming back.
This place sucks!!! The staff forced me Andy wife out due to a game. They rushed everything our entree came about 5 minutes after we got our appetizers. The team they were cheering lost!!! Lol! I will never go back. Thanks Scannichio for ruining our dinner!!
This is what Legendary restaurants are made of!

Scannicchio's sits discretely on the corner of Broad & Porter. And it's been there for over 15+ years!

It's just minutes from the Phillies, Flyers, Eagles, & Sixers stadiums & facilities.

On any given night there might be professional athletes or their families dining here. I've eaten right next to current & former Philadelphia super stars on more than one occasion. Even sat next to a few visiting team players too. That in itself is cool!

More importantly Scannicchio's is just one of those restaurants I always go to when my family & friend's want classic Italian. Chicken Parmigiana, Fried Meatballs, Stuffed Artichokes, Veal Parmigiana, Stuffed Calamari Fra Diavlo, Pork Chop Siciliano, Sausage with Figs, & many other dishes that are just hard to find and harder to cook at home.

Always call in advance. It's a small place, so it can be crowded and hard to get a reservation some nights. I've been coming here for years, know the staff, and I still can't get a reservation sometimes! But it's well worth the wait.

For me & my friends, eating at Scannicchio's is a part of Philadelphia Sports & South Philly history. Many Philly sport Legends have eaten here. The coaches, championship winners, announcers, fans, rivals, everyone's been here. It has seen Philly Sport's highs & low's and it's still serving up classic Italian food.

Everyone that works here is always friendly & helpful. If there's something on the menu you need explained or need something, they will always take care of it. Small-family owned & operated laid back old school place that has been making my friends and family smile for years. 

If you've never been there your missing out. And if you've been there you know what it's all about!
One of my go-to's for classic Italian food done right!  Some of my favorite dishes include the calamari Sicilian, eggplant tower, grilled romaine salad, eggplant or chicken parm, penne vodka, pumpkin ravioli, sweet potato gnocchis.  Their crab cake is my favorite -- served over sautéed spinach and vodka sauce.  I'm getting hungry just naming the things I love at Scannichios.  Some of these are specials and some are staples, but you can always ask the staff for recommendations as well!  Save room for dessert (I suggest the italian iced cream sandwich with Nutella and hazelnut gelato.).  I saw a negative review from a girl with celiac and honestly that's wild, I have a good friend w celiac and she wouldn't even consider eating at a restaurant unless they could guarantee no cross contamination of gluten (nearly impossible for an Italian restaurant that has been running since before celiac was a thing).  Soooo I guess i would say I would not recommend for celiacs or for vegans.
Great place.  Great Italian food.  Not too pretentious, yet not a red gravy spaghetti bender joint.  Great food, great atmosphere  .My only complaint is that there isn't a nice bar near by to have a drink while waiting for a table.  Other than that an awesome place.
This is an authentic Italian restaurant in a corner row house in the heart of South Philly! The restaurant is family owned. We had the owners son as one of our servers. It's small but the food is amazing old school Italian. The dining room is nicely decorated. The bathrooms are ok. 

I was there with a group of 6 on a weeknight so it wasn't crowded. We were pleasantly greeted and seated as soon as we walked in. 
The food was fresh and made to order. We had a variety of appetizers. The stuffed artichoke was delicious! It was a large artichoke with a bread stuffing. You pull the leaves off and eat the stuffing. Just be sure not to eat the leaves like I did!  The eggplant tower had breaded eggplant, fresh mozzarella, and Jersey tomatoes. The salad had a variety of lettuces, olives, onions with a balsamic dressing. I would prefer dressing in the side as it was a little too drenched for me. The corn and crab soup was sooo good! It had fresh Jersey corn in a light broth with chunks of bran. It was nicely spiced.
On to the entrees! Portions are large. Most of my party needed to go bags. My spaghetti and clams was tasty with chopped clams, chopped tomatoes and clams in the shell. A little too much garlic but it is an Italian restaurant.  The steaks were perfectly cooked and tender. The ravioli were yummy. 
We brought in a specialty birthday cake and were charged $1/slice for plating-a little excessive I believe. Prices were high-steaks we're over $30, spaghetti and clams was $23. 

It's  a good place for special occasions but I would have the cake at home. Gratuity is added for parties of 6 or more- pretty standard.
Nice location, nice atmosphere, bit I've no idea where all the 5-star reviews came from.
Having grown up on Italian, can safely say that while the food is very good, it is NOT great or excellent, and certainly not exceptional. You likely won't de disappointed, understand; just understand it's not excellent food. The other turn-off was the prices; they're somewhat high for a place of this nature... $19 for linguine and meatballs? $21 for linguine and clam sauce? Sorry, that's simply too much for a place like this.
Referred by a friend and what great food it is at this BYOB I had the pollo cacciatore my date had veal parmesan and pasta. Tomato sauce was really great. We had fennel with oil & bread. A fried meatball appetizer made out of three meats. Service was real good as well.
Am I missing something?  Look... I'm all about kitschy-but-classic, and after a few friends told us how "awesome" this place was we finally broke down and went.

Our reaction was basically: "Huh?".  Food was... okay... service was... okay... atmosphere was campy but without anything like charm... just tasteless.  And the prices were way higher than the quality of the food permits.
I love this place. Tonight I did take out for the first time (I usually dine in) and it was just as delicious. The staff are friendly and the food is tasty. My boyfriend who hates everything and never compliments anything said he loved his steak. My jaw dropped. That alone should tell you how yummy this place is.
Reservation would be good. We didn't make reservation on busy Friday evening, but the host asked us to wait for 10 minutes and were seated. I had seafood pasta and snails. The portion was generous and the service was friendly. But I would pick Pesto over this place.
Great date spot that gets you out of center city.  Authentic, no frills cuisine.  BYOB.  It's not the best meal Italian meal I've eaten in my life, but it was a nice place and it's popular with the South Philly crowd.
fantastic!! Perfect for romantic dinners or meals with family or friends. Delicious traditional Italian everything, a local fav.
Great last minute find! Kids were owed and hungry, so were mom, dad and grandma. Food was fast and fresh. Grandma loved the feller with olive oil, kids loved the meatballs and mozzarella sticks. Huge portions so bring your appetite and don't forget your favorite wine, it's BYOB!
Extraordinary selections from the menu! No other selections like this one in Philly!  As authentic as you can get, this is the neighborhood recipe!  Great owners and awesome place to bring your customers!
I have only been here once because I thought everything was below average. Me and my boyfriend ate here on a Friday at the bar. I really don't like the paper place mats they put down in front of you, but that an aesthetic thing. I ordered the fettuccine in a marinara with a meatball because I was feeling pretty traditional that night and my boyfriend got red mussels over pasta. I was so disappointed. The gravy had so much oil in it, I actually couldn't finish it and the meatball was very hard. My boyfriend had the exact same experience with his gravy as well. 

I have heard from people whose tastes I trust that my experience is outside of the norm, but unfortunately I can only base my review on my dining experience and I have to say I was just generally underwhelmed.
I came here solo one night because I had gotten all dressed up for a date that cancelled at the last minute.  I was all ready for good food and didn't mind trying it out on my own!

The bartender was an absolute sweetheart and my waiter was kind and attentive.  The decor isn't anything to write home about, but you're not there for that, are you?

You know you're in for something good when you want about 12 things on the menu and really have to agonize over what you want.  Add to that the fact that there were at least 4-5 specials that sounded equally delicious and it was a tough choice.

I had the sausage and figs appetizer and one of the specials, a garlic crusted salmon with tomatoes and crab meat.  The sausage and figs was a really interesting introduction.  I found it just a tad too sweet for me, but the figs were absolutely fantastic and the sausage flavorful.  I think what pushed it over the line was the balsamic sauce.  Even so, I ate the whole thing.  Let me say again that the figs were incredible.  The salmon was pretty darn incredible as well.  Everything was fresh, perfectly seasoned, balanced, and the crab meat was present in huge chunks.  So nice, since a lot of places tend to skimp on the crab.

Prices are reasonable and the portions won't leave you feeling like a beached whale for the rest of the night.  Definitely felt like great, traditional family food.  I will go again to try the other 11 things I wanted!
The Lunch menu is a super Value plus the quality makes it even better.The chicken parmigiana perfect mix with the sauce and the mozzarella cheese awesome with a side of linguine perfecto.Ive never had a bad meal. Parking is the only issue definitely give it a shot you will not be disappointed.
Went to Scannicchio's with my dad for dinner this summer. I grew up as part of a large italian family with lots of good cooks, so I definitely have a preconceived notion of what my typical traditional meal should be like. This place is exactly what I am looking for in a real south Philly italian restaurant.  We came early (5:30) on a week night, and the only other customer was an old italian man who looked to be about 85.  The host greeted us warmly and even got our names as we were seated.  We opened a nice bottle of red (byo) and settled in for a great meal.  We started out with the fresh bread, some broccoli rabe, and my dad had the stuffed artichoke (excellent and very traditional) and I had the special: tower of grilled eggplant, tomatoes, fresh mozzarella with balsalmic- amazingly good.  Being a huge eggplant fan I tried the eggplant parm for dinner which was also delicious, but my dad's meal was truly the standout: stuffed calamari in a red sauce. The calamar tasted exactly the way that my grandmother used to make it for the holidays, it really brought my dad back to his childhood.  The flavors were great, the sauce very rich with the flavors of the seafood. It was a treat eating this meal that we usually reserve for Christmas eve.  After finishing our wine, the manager brought out some of his homemade pineapple-cello which i could not get enough of.  So delicious.  I was happy that I didn't have to drive us home.   I would definitely recommend this place for a great traditional italian meal.  I was hoping to eat here on New Year's eve but they are completely booked- will just have to come back another night...
Nice staff, relaxing dining room on a quiet late afternoon,and  BYOB makes it nice for a group.  Food was so-so and we'd try someplace else the next time we're in south Philly. Fried calamari looked like we were served the last portion in the place, small portion and small little pieces. Veal saltimbocca had a flavorful sauce but  was dry and overcooked; broccoli rabe so overcooked it was unrecognizable, fettuccini Alfredo tough and congealed......all this on a quiet sunday. Can't imagine what they're serving on a chaotic Saturday night.

Better dishes were the tender gnocchi with Gorgonzola , and the stuffed artichoke appetizer. Desserts were uneven,  with a mud pie frozen dessert being great, but a chocolate cake with peanut butter mousse being dry and tasteless. Would have like cannoli instead of either .... But we're told they ran out of shells the day before.
We came here with high expectations after a glowing review from a relative. After eating here we'll never go back. "Mozzarella Fritta" was literally mozzarella sticks I could have bought at any pizzeria. Chicken parm came out soggy with very little taste. I expected the homemade marinara to have a little more flavor. End result was a bland over-priced meal. Save your money. There are plenty of other Italian options in the city.

By the way, I no longer trust this relatives restaurant suggestions.

Service was below average. Seemed like everyone was stepping over everyone else shoes. I think it was the manager who initially took our order and we could hardly hear what he was saying. The three employees that were in eye-shot of our table were on their cell phones more often than waiting our table. 

I know I already said this but it's definitely a point of emphasis... save your money. Go elsewhere.
fantastic!! Perfect for romantic dinners or meals with family or friends. Delicious traditional Italian everything.
We had the Stuffed Calamari over linguine! Outstanding!
The other entree was ravioli stuffed portobello and spinach
Octopus w beans app
All great!!
I have loved this place for so many years now. 

I came with my family for my birthdays 19, 20, 21. Now 10 years later, I'm 30, and we returned as a family. The service is still warm and friendly, the food delicious. 

We asked if they still had the sausage and fig appetizer- she said it wasn't on the menu today but they'd make it for us special. It was still AMAZING. 

BYOB so make sure you stop to pick up a bottle of wine on the way.
Awesome, homemade Italian. Came in last minute and was able to get a table quickly with no reservation. This place is BYOB so definitely bring wine to add to your meal. Our special appetizer of sautéed kale, white beans with garlic and white wine was scrumptious and I wanted to lick the plate clean. My branzino with crab meat was perfect. Loved this combo of seafood on seafood. I was so happy with my meal. Mmmmmm. A great choice in South Philly for Italian. 

Note: they don't take Amex.
I visited Scannicchio's Sunday afternoon Nov.14 we were a party of 5, our waitress was  Nikai this was her first week, I must say she did a fantastic job, everything was as ordered, even though my sister wanted to create her own dish, which Nikai had no problem with , it came out just the way she wanted it, although Scannicchio's never disappoints in food or in service...this is a place we visit frequently & will continue to do so...
Nikai is certainly an asset, she is pleasant & personable. & 6
My family & I have ate here on many different occasions, birthdays, family celebrations, etc. Great food + amazing customer service every time! Would definitely recommend!
I eat a lot of Italian. I love the Saloon and Villa da Roma in south philly. Both very different but great in their own way. This place claims to be the best in south Philly.  I can't remember a meal that was this bad. I had such high expectations and they were dashed. The Caesar salad was not edible. It was so over dressed I could not eat more than one bite. And the waiter did not inquire as to why it was almost untouched. He recommended the shrimp parm. Wow . What a mistake . Frozen breaded shrimp overly fried and served in a pool of red sauce. The worst shrimp parm I have ever eaten. The side of pasta was also not good. Overcooked. Mush. 80 bucks later , I could not wait to leave and never go back again.
I ordered fillet of branzino. It comes with mashed red potatoes and asparagus. The branzino supposedly had lemon and wine sauce in it but I didn't taste any, and it's a bit greasy. The mashed potatoes is more to the salty side. They served complimentary Italian bread. It's very crusty and when it's cold , the crust is  hard as a rock.

My seafood salad is pretty good although the grilled tuna I believe was from a can. It has a lot of olives. The shrimp and crab meat is good and sweet.

My mother in law ordered manicotti and the serving is generous and she enjoyed it.

Service is great, they took the finished plate really fast.
Definitely not my favorite mom & pop Italian restaurant in the city. The food wasn't good and the service was not friendly or welcoming. For example, we tried to order an appetizer and got told rather harshly that we had to order everything at once. We then got asked every few minutes if we were ready. I actually felt scared of the reaction I would receive when I requested an entree modification. 

The arugula salad with capers was my favorite dish. While I love salads, it's a red flag when one takes the cake at an Italian restaurant. The meatball appetizer was served dry with raw spinach. They weren't flavorful enough to hold up without sauce. The stuffed artichoke had an overwhelming bread crumb flavor; not enough cheese and the breadcrumbs were soggy. 

I ordered the chicken saltimbocca as my entree that was served with barely any sauce and 2 pieces of broccoli. The chicken just wasn't good and I ended up eating the cheese and prosciutto off the top of it. 

It is BYO and our meal was still pretty pricey.
This was one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. The atmosphere is cozy and inviting.  The service was great and there was never a point that my boyfriend and I felt rushed. We started off with the Insalata Mista, very fresh and the house dressing was very tasty. For appetizers we had the Fried meatball special, over a bed of sautéed spinach, fried calamari, and white mussels. All were delicious the meatballs were nice and crispy on the outside, the calamari was fried perfectly, and the white sauce for the mussels was full of flavor. For our entrees, my boyfriend got the filet with lump crabmeat on top with a side of veggies and mashed potatoes, he ate every bite. I got the fettuccine Alfredo with sundried tomatoes and broccoli. Once again everything was amazing. You can tell right away you're eating fresh homemade pasta and the sauce was so rich and creamy. Finally for dessert he got the Italian ice cream sandwich which was two pizzelles on the outside with hazelnut gelato,Nutella, whipped cream and strawberries. Mine was some type of chocolate shelled dessert with peanut butter gelato on the inside top with whipped cream and strawberries. Both were delicious. We both loved everything and cannot wait to go back!
Authentic South Philly italian.  Heavy red sauces, well prepared veal dishes and a cast out of a reality show serving you.  You won't leave hungry or disappointed.
What an amazing gem of a restaurant to discover on a quiet street in South Philly!  I will definitely be coming back again and again.  Wonderful Arugula, beet, goat cheese, candied walnut salad with white balsamic blood orange dressing.   Next we split a stuffed baked/steamed artichoke which as great to see on the menu and we were delighted to know was one of their most popular appetizers.  Home made gnocchi in a rich tomato sauce and dripping in fresh moZzarela cheese was a rich delight and I suspect the mozzarella was made locally in the Italian market!  The white wine brine for our next dish, the mussels was very well executed but they lost a star for the mussels, which weren't consistently delicious.  They may want to take that up with their seafood vendor! I will be back!
went 2 yrs ago--wouldn't go back--Waitress on another planet spilled muscle juice down my arm & onto my outfit.--she just kept staring out into space but another waitress saw it happen & ran over.  She took me into the ladies room &  tried to get my outfit clean.--I asked why a waitress in a daze was serving tables & no one could answer.  There were 6 of us eating & it was a nice big bill & no one even offered us a cup of coffee  for what the idiot waitress did & the spots never came out of my outfit which they never offered to clean..  Since i live in the neighborhood its just been easier for me to tell people to eat somewere else & not have your clothes ruined by a dazed waitress.  However, most restaurants would have offered at least coffee.
I took my dad here for Father's Day. He's been before with his cousins who live in the neighborhood and was dying to go back. 
Between the four of us we had:

Appetizers:
seafood bisque 
sausage and figs
grilled romaine head with strawberries, gorgonzola, pine nuts and balsamic

Entrees: 
chicken parm
veal shank
eggplant rollatini
penne with eggplant

The apps were far better than the entrees, in my opinion - especially the salad. The food was perfectly decent but when you live in a city like Philadelphia that has so many other authentic, delicious, creative Italian restaurants in much better areas I see no need to eat here. Also for four people the bill came to $130 before tip, which I thought was quite pricey for the location, ambiance and quality of food.
Words cannot describe how good this is. By far my favorite place in south Philly. They treat you like family and each every dish is thoughtfully prepared. 
Tell em the "other cousin Vinny" sent you!
When I worked in South Philly, Scannicchio's was one of the places we would order lunches from. I love their food! What I have tried has been great. I particularly favor the shrimp scampi on risotto. My former coworkers really like their tortellini with sun-dried tomatoes. They are a bit pricey for dinner, but their lunch prices aren't bad. If I ever stop in to my old job, I wouldn't have a problem stopping in and getting food from Scannicchio's for lunch to eat with my former co-workers.
Barely 100 feet from a formidable competitor, L'Angolo, is the bigger and every bit as friendly Scinicchios. Large portions and reasonable prices a bonus as the food is excellent.  Pork and chicken dishes savory and moist and the pasta good with the gnocchi marvelous; and just light enough to satisfy those who still like a bit of heft in their little dumplings.  Cream and Gorgonzola sauce for the pasta perfect when you need a rich fix.
The best Italian food! I took my daughter to eat here while she was home from college for the holidays She is a very picky eater but she loved everything we ordered.  We started with rice balls, then had meatballs, and filet of halibut and salmon.  My mouth is watering as I write this review.  They are BYOB which is great.  I will definitely be returning when I am in the local area!
Its so dark in there. Sauce was blah... service was blah.. and everyone that worked there was sitting at the bar on there phone... not worth it.
This place was just OK.  My fiancée and I shared their warm salad with vinaigrette as an app.  It was very interesting and flavorful.  Oddly enough, it was literally a head of romaine on a plate with vinaigrette, strawberries, tomatoes and blue cheese on top.  We both really enjoyed it.    For entrees, I got veal medallions with mozzarella and prosciutto in a mushroom sauce and my fiancée got their stuffed calamari in linguine.  Mine wasn't too bad although I was expecting the veal to be more tender.  It was slightly tough and dry.  Her calamari was surprisingly tough and chewy which kinda ruined things.

All in all, we had a good time.  It's a quaint place and the service was excellent.  The food just fell a bit short of our expectations.  It wasn't TOO expensive, but at this price point, the food should be better.  Unfortunately, I don't think we'll be back.
Our Friday night party of eight could not have had a better time. Alexa our server was very attentive. The food was spectacular. Started with the sausage and figs appetizer as well as the fried meatballs both of which were perfectly prepared. Our entrees ranged from the special stuffed veal chop (that was excellent), the always good veal parmigiana, the filet with crab meat and a very well prepared gluten free halibut. Every one enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Topped off the evening with limoncello cake and sorbeto. I look forward to returning to this special treasure in South Philly.
When it comes to South Philly dining, Scannicchio's is a really great place to eat.  First off, it is BYOB which is nice, and the staff is very friendly and accommodating.  It is also right near the Broad and Oregon stop of SEPTA so you can take the train one stop and you are down at the stadiums, which is nice.  It's maybe a block from the entrance on the other side of the street. Also after 6 PM you can street park for free nearby so if you are going to a game, free parking and just have to pay for the Septa.  The service is fast and smooth and I have tried many different things.  The filet is solid, and the gnocchi is really good, but I recommend getting it not baked because I think it is better that way and the waiter actually told me that too.  Their spaghetti and meatballs are solid and their bread is really good.  The caesar dressing is good and their salad is as well.  They get you in and out at a nice rate, where you usually are not waiting forever but you don't feel rushed either.  It is family owned and run, so it's not a chain and it offers really good food at reasonable prices especially considering it's a BYOB.  The chicken picatta is also solid, I've had that a few times, they give you nice portions too so I've never left the restaurant hungry.  If you are looking to eat someplace before a game, I highly recommend Scannicchio's.  They are conveniently located with good food and quality service.  I go there almost every time I am going to a Flyers, Phillies, or 76ers game and always enjoy the meal.

Note: They don't take American Express in case you are planning on using it but do take the other credit cards.
Went here last night with family and I can't believe I have never been here before. 

I can only describe this great South Philly BYOB as:  If I were on death row and was being asked for my last meal, this is where I would want it to come from.   The best Caesar Salad in the city. My main course was a huge seafood Fra Diavlo with clams, muscles, shrimp, lobster, crab, and calamari in a great spicy red sauce. 

The fried romaine lettuce special was very tasty and not a combination that you would think would go well together. 

Our group also had the filet, pork chop special, and the shrimp scampi which were generous in size and delicious.  We were not hungry for desert, however our server treated us to an after dinner pineapple shot. 

Can't wait until my next visit.
Loved it!  Food was great, authentic. Everything was perfect. Super friendly accommodating staff. 
Can't wait to go back!
One of South Philadelphia's finest! 
I recently was in the area and asked a local if she could recommend an Italian place for Dinner her eyes lit up and without hesitation she says Scannichio's!   I wasn't going to question her. She is a local and she is Italian so I took her at her word. 

Let me say that there is something special about family owned and operated places. It's either "special" because its disorganized and under budgeted,or in this case its special because of supreme personal service, atmosphere, and quality of product.  
 Very pleased with appetizers. I had the bruschetta not the most difficult thing but all fresh flavors and seasonings. Their is a distinct taste in there Parmesan cheese very good. 

For dinner I had the best meal I've ever had. "Death sentence last meal good". 

Had the chicken Saltimbocca with asparagus and pasta (oil and garlic ) 

Guys I'm not kidding best meal ever. All fresh herbs and seasoning. Distinct taste in the sauces and pasta was perfect. 
Finished with cannoli and Capp. 

Will be back soon and often. Strongly recommend.
Amazing service and food!  Felt like I was in Italy again.  Started out with the Figs and sausage in a balsamic glase and the calimari  - both were delicious!  For entree i got the Veal Saltimbocca which was outstanding.  Thank you Scannicchio's for a great dining experience.
Decided to try out this place as a recommendation from a co-worker.

First, we made a reservation and whoever took the call sounded genuinely excited for us to come.  That sentiment carried into the night we showed up.  We were warmly greeted immediately, as if we've known each other for years.  We were seated and our bottle of wine was opened before our jackets were off.  The waiter was extremely friendly and read us the specials, and was happy to answer any questions.  I came into the night not being a fan of artichoke...I left loving artichokes.  Their stuffed artichoke appetizer was phenomenal.  My girlfriend was instantly hooked.  

Next, our entrees came out in the perfect amount of time, and they were absolutely delicious.  Fresh pastas, chicken, sausage and sauce.  The menu was just large enough to have a wide variety without being over bearing.  

For dessert, we each had a nice cannoli with extra creamy filling.  Topped off with an espresso and the meal was complete.  

The meal was a good price for everything, and having it as a BYOB allowed us to bring exactly what we wanted.  the service was attentive, and extremely friendly.  It was quick, but we never felt rushed.  When we got the bill the waiter assured us to simply take our time and not to rush, a nice touch from service in a very busy restaurant.    

First time diners, but they've made loyal patrons out of us for years to come.
We had a reservation for two and they seated us next to a large party - had to be 20+ people.  The party eventually turned into a big social event with gross drunken people leaning over our table while we ate our meal.  When we raised the issue with management, all they did was apologize and failed to comp the meal.  I would NEVER take that chance again.
So my wife and I have eaten here in the past and have enjoyed it. We were heading to the Flyers game and decided to stop back in. We arrived around 5:40 with no reservation, we were greeted and sat immediately. This is South Philly so don't expect a parking spot to come easy.

Mark was our server and he was nice as usual. At times he seems to be stressed being the only actual server for all those tables. We started with the calamari Sicilian style. It was the highlight of my meal! The spice was just right, the calamari was cooked perfect. I was a bit let down that it was only rings and there wasn't much calamari only 6 or so pieces for $13.00. I ordered the chicken piccata. It was good! The chicken was very flavorful but again it was a very small amount of chicken for $21.00. The side of pasta was good but it was drowning in red sauce. My wife ordered the prawn and scallop special. It was over a white bean salad. The prawns were a bit of work and the scallops were a bit salty. But overall it was a good entree with a $29.00 price tag. Service was good not great. Like I said there is 1 server and 1 runner for 10+ tables at the time. The biggest plus is we got out 15 minutes before the game, around 6:45. Mark only stopped by once to see how the entrees were. Now, my biggest issue is refills. I was charged for 3 unsweetened ice teas. First off they are small glasses and I just wish I would have know refills aren't free. I hate that!! 


While this is good Italian food, not great but good, it is a nice place to go. At the same time it is a bit overpriced for the amount of food etc. We love the fact that it's a byob. We may be back, just not sure when. Solid 4 stars.
Def,, not a place I
Got
For
Italian
Food ever again good place for Italian food spasso front and market and pesto Broad and passyunk !!!! Def not on my list
The food is really good. I tried the calamari app, bruschetta, and meatballs. All were great. The dinner special was a steak topped with scallops and shrimp with melted cheese. It was perfect. I'd definitely recommend this restaurant.
The food here is consistently exceptional.  My husband has been a customer for 9 years whenever he is in town. Portions are generous, service is excellent, and the quality of food is outstanding. They source seasonal food locally. Highly recommend. BYOB.
My boyfriend and I went here on a Friday night after a recommendation from a friend. When we arrived we were first seated in the middle of the room but asked to be moved to a more snug location. They happily accommodated us.

We were served bread and roasted red peppers, an interesting spin on the expected bread and oil. I ordered the veal piccata and he ordered the crab ravioli, which was a special. The food came out in less than 10 minutes, which was great. Our meals were excellent both in taste and presentation. The perfect lighting and a quiet murmur of patrons made for a perfect atmosphere. It was BYOB, so we regret not bringing something as the other guests had.

The meal was perfectly portioned, leaving room for dessert. We ordered the cannoli and blood orange sorbet, which were both phenomenal. 

It was an excellent experience and we will definitely be coming back for more.
This is my italian-got-a-toddler-and-families-in-town GO TO.

The service is great, the food is VERY satisfying, and the place is always full of old-fashioned italian families on a Sunday night (yes that counts for something in my book).

My only problem? Parking.
Always amazing! Never had a bad meal. .
We bring friends  so we can boast best  italian  food outside of Italy...yeah! Been there too!
I came in last night right before their closing hours with two other adults and two little ones. The entire staff was very hospitable and kind. All of the food was amazing. Two apps bruschetta and an artichoke were unbelievable! 
One had the eggplant parmigiana, the special steak filet topped with crab meat, and I had the pollo alla bianco. Everything was exactly on cue and beyond our expectations. Great job to the entire staff at this fine establishment.
My wife and I went to meet a work colleague, and her husband, here for dinner. She failed to tell me it was very very casual. Needless to say, my wife and I were a little overdressed. Nevertheless, the food and service was amazing. I had the lobster ravioli, fried meatballs, escargot, and beet salad. It was delicious. I'd have given 5 stars but my wife didn't like her filet, it was a little overcooked. Lol, I told her that's what she gets for ordering a filet in an Italian joint. Otherwise, everything else was great.
Dinner there last night with friends. Very comfortable restaurant (most places in So. Philly pack you in like sardines).  Good service, staff was very friendly.
Appy's were delicious. Most entrees were very good to excellent. One was just OK. I would go back, but try something different.
We just left Scannichhio's with a party of 7 for Thanksgiving Dinner.   Unfortunately for me and my family we sold our house and I am moving tomorrow so I was unable to cook Thanksgiving dinner...We made our reservation for 3pm......we arrived and our table was sort of ready  They had it set for 6 and we were a party of 7.....and it was too small of a table.  So they quickly added another table so we would be more comfortable.  Nice touch but that is where it ended.....It was a prix fix dinner for $30.00.......They started out the meal with Escarole Soup.....The soup was lukewarm   NOT hot....only 2 out of 7 people had 1 meatball in their soup......Did not want to complain just poured another glass of wine and waited for the next course.  which was Ravioli....Now there is not much you can do to mess up ravioli.....unless they are NOT hot which these were not.......I couldn't believe this is how Thanksgiving dinner was going... but was hopeful for the turkey course.......So out comes the turkey....and it look like it was being served in a hospital.....There was a teaspoon of stuffing  with no gravy...there was a teaspoon of mashed sweet potato's There were 4 SMALL slices of turkey with minimal gravy on them.....and two thin slices of canned cranberry sauce.  I  could not believe how this meal was presented......My husband asked for more gravy and they brought him out about 2 teaspoons of it......My mother's turkey was two huge pieces of skin and fat.... I stood up at this point and officially apologized to my family for bringing us here and ruining Thanksgiving......At no time during our meal did one person come over and ask how everything was........The only saving grace to the dinner was that we brought our own pumpkin pie......At least there was one thing that was tasty   $300.00 and it was AWFUL.......
I've been on the fence about this place for a little while. I had a party of 20 or so at Scannicchio's for dinner and the restaurant was able to seat us and attend to us all very easily. Food was very good and staff was patient and helpful. Actually the food was great. Everyone of the 20 people in my party raved about the food and the complimentary limoncello. The tripe is the best i've ever had. Classic, traditional, delicious italian.

Sounds good, right? When the bill came it was considerably higher than what we thought. Now, i'm not sure if there was corking fees or what..... but we spent close to $51 per person. Thats really high for a BYOB. 

I know i'll be back, the food is really, really delicious; i just won't be having another party here.
What a fantastic meal! Our party of 7 had many of the specials!  The filet with crab meat was succulent and amazing!  Others had the veal chop which was a large portion with an amazing sauce!  I would definitely recommend Scannicchio's to anyone!  Make sure you bring your patience for parking, but otherwise A+++!!!
This is my go to restaurant for authentic old-world Italian comfort food in Philly. Reservations aren't required but I highly recommended making one because this place is super popular and gets jam packed on the weekends. This is a family run restaurant that has stood the test of time. Originally established in Atlantic City some 20+ years ago, they opened a South Philly location and are now also back in Atlantic City. Both locations offer the same extensive menu which include very generous portions at very moderate price.  The service has always been friendly and efficient. The fried meatballs are a staple! I highly recommend them and the penne vodka pasta. I hope you'll love it too!
The staff was friendly but between appetizers and our meals we waited almost 40-45 minutes. It wasn't very busy so I was not sure why it took so long. Our food did come out very hot and delicious. It could use an update on the decor. The one major thing that irked me, wasn't a big deal but if your tell me the specials, let me know it's $40 for a plate. A simple heads up would have been appreciated. Overall pretty good experience, but just can't give it 5 stars.
We had  the seafood Scannichios on spicy red sauce it costs$27 good for 2 people the gravy / vino it was cooked at was sweepable by the bread, so good. 
The Manigot! (Manicotti) was a homerun the ragu was divine it was not overpowering and tasted fresh clearly not thecanned kind.
The set up of the place was really homey Italian.
I have been to this byob twice, which is a crime being that it's located only blocks from my house.  The decor isn't exactly beautiful inside but its perfectly fine for a casual dinner and they do take credit cards.  Both times I have been here the food was great, and the prices are very reasonable, especially for the portions.  Last night I had the seafood bisque appetizer which was awesome especially for $6!! My entree was the veal saltimbocca which was also very good.  Leave room for dessert because it is usually top notch.  Overall, L'angolo across the street is the better pick for a fancier, more authentic Italian dinner, but for regular italian cuisine (i.e. veal or chicken parm) I would take scannichio's over nearby Pesto, Crinitis, or Barrells any night of the week. I will update this after trying Tre Scallini and DaVinci on passyunk.
Thursday 5/25/16 we had a party of 14. Everyone raved about their dinners; a lot of sharing across the table. Service was excellent. While not wheelchair accessible, the staff lifted the wheelchair into the restaurant making sure that my husband was neither embarrassed or inconvenienced. 
A Wonderful place to eat.
We had dinner here Saturday night. The staff was very friendly and the service was excellent. We started off with Clams casino, Scungilli marinara and the special sausage and figs. Dinner was Veal Saltimbocca and Calamari and shrimp marinara over Linguini. All the food was very good. Finished with desert and cappuccino. Reservations a must and its BYOB. I was a little concerned about parking but found a space with no problems which was great since its South Philly.
Went to Scannicchio's for my daughters  21st Birthday .  The meals were all great. The atmosphere was great. Our server was great.  What can I say, it was a great experience.  We will be back.
If there's a better South Philly Italian food experience, I want to know about it.

I had the fig & sausage appetizer, and tried the crab appetizer, which was OFF the CHAIN!.  Had the veal chop special, stuffed with spinach and mozzarella.  I devoured it all, but stopped short of gnawing on the bone.

Scannicchio's is BYOB.  Brought bottles of Plungerhead Zin and Da Vinci Chianti (cuz you just have to have chianti here).  Both ended up being great accompaniments.

Capped it off with a double-shot espresso.

Scannicchio is a $14 cab ride from the hotel where I stay in Philly.  Worth the ride.
Overall, kind of does a nice job bridging the gap between a Villa di Roma (very good, but pretty simple food) and some of the more regional-based restaurants in South Philly. Has some fancier dishes and preparation compared with Villa di Roma or Ralph's, but still falls firmly into Italian-American cuisine. Kind of similar to Ristorante Pesto in terms of cuisine type and about equally good; kind of a dying breed of restaurant in Philly. Probably the best for the Italian-American classics other than maybe Villa di Roma. Prep is a bit fancier here and a bit pricier, but both are good. Just depends what you're in the mood for.

Pretty much need a reservation to get in here any day of the week.

 Service is quite friendly too from my experience and I do recommend it here for that nicer, traditional Italian-American cooking. Prices are a bit higher here, if not incredibly so, than Villa di Roma. Most entrees are in low to mid 20s.

Some items I like:

Apps: Stuffed Artichoke ($10.95), Sausage with Broccoli Rabe ($12.95), Fried Calamari ($11.95 with Marinara sauce; $13.95 with spicy Sicilian sauce), Clams Casino ($10.95 for 6, $18.95 for 12), Scungili fra diavolo (is conch, $13.95), Insalata Mista ($7.95), Arugula Insalata ($8.95), Caesar Salad ($8)

Pasta: Pasta with Meatballs ($18.95), Manicotti ($17.95), Gnocchi alla Gorgonzola ($19.95), Penne alla Vodka ($18.95; with chicken, $21.95; with shrimp, $24.95; with lump crab, $25.95), Lobster Ravioli ($24.95), Cheese Ravioli ($17.95), Penne Puttanesca ($19.95), Pasta with Clams (red or white sauce, $22.95)

Entrees (non-pasta): Stuffed Calamari ($22.95), Seafood alla Scannicchio ($33.95), Shrimp Scampi ($23.95), Veal Parm ($24.95), Veal Saltimbocca ($26.95), Veal Piccata ($24.95), Veal Florentine ($25.95), Chicken Parm ($22.95), Chicken Marsala ($22.95), Chicken Sicilian ($23.95), Chicken Piccata ($22.95), Pork Chop Siciliana ($29.95), Tripe ($22.95)

Desserts are also quite good, but vary from day to day.

Portions of entrees are quite big, but will split into two for $5 fee.
